Prologue

Ava

My life was splendid. I had a doting husband that loved me to no end; a family who adored me; and a supportive, close-knit group of friends who would keep my secrets to the grave.

Envious people never failed to comment whenever they had a chance that I was a lucky woman. Indeed, I was quite lucky in all fronts of my life.

But as everyone knows, all perfections have their imperfections, whether it's fully visible or hidden from prying eyes, it's there, hovering, making one conscious it's alive and thriving.

My life was fine ...

Up until the past decided to give me a vivid reminder of someone I had wanted to forget for a decade yet had never been successful at it.

My parents had once called this "imperfection" a gold-digging bastard without any ambition other than to milk whatever he could from me. For a time, I was swayed by their filthy lies, treating him like the dirt they had described him to be. Mortified though I was, it didn't stop me from making it known what I believed him to be. For a while, it made me feel satisfied, but as the time went on, my conscience started to waver against my beliefs.

My horrid actions pained him, though he wouldn't say it out loud because he loved me that much. But shame itself couldn't hold back from what I felt for him. The shame matched whatever passion I had, loving and hating him at the same time.

My naivete caused me to believe such lies I knew deep down weren't true. Realizing how horrific I'd been to him, I halted everything physical because I felt undeserving of his loyalty and love.

Then, one night, tragedy struck and life took him away from me. I was broken, dying with my guilty conscience, and mourning the loss of him. The knife struck so deep I mourned him on a daily basis, even after a decade. There was never a day in which I didn't think of him.

However, all of this changed when the past haunted me in the form of another man named Craig Chambers.

Chapter 1

Ava

"Allie, must I really go with you tonight?" I moaned my complaint, knowing my best friend wouldn't let up, even if I told her I had measles.

She was bent on going to this party due to her newfound love interest, and little, ol' married me, best buddy in the world with her husband across the Atlantic Ocean, would certainly be the perfect tag along person to make sure she wouldn't shag him before the night ended.

Allie had this two week no sex rule with a new man. I'm not quite sure why she even went to such lengths since she tended to play mind games that would end up with her almost submitting to whomever she was dating at the given moment.

Placing a hand on her hips, she huffed out a sigh. "You have to. It's not like you have anything better to do. Besides, aren't you visiting England to spend some time with me?" She raised her brow before opening my closet, rummaging through my dresses with great scrutiny before finally choosing a short, silver, beaded dress. The design was beautifully intricate, and I couldn't help smiling, knowing that Allie had intentionally found the perfect dress to entice me to come out with her tonight.

"Shall we?" She directed me a sure-fire glance, certain that I wasn't about to turn her down. As my best friend, Allie definitely knew how to get me to say yes to her antics.

About an hour later, her latest lover named Maurizio, because she liked them exotic, came by to get us with his flashy car before driving us to this jazzy, private, members only bar that had recently opened in Park Lane. It was contemporary designed; sleek and understated, but with a lot of glamour and class. The soft purple/pinkish lighting that subtly illuminated the background gave enough privacy for people who were always in the media. Park Lane bars always lured the powerful and wealthy for its discreet stylishness and subtlety.

In the private booth, Maurizio, Allie, and I were enjoying a bottle of vintage red and whiskey sours when something caught my eye. I supposed it was my ear that caught it first before my eye. It was a very distinct sound. That one of a kind, deep, throaty laugh that went straight to the pit of my stomach, making it drop before I felt like someone punched me. I felt faint and about to have a heart attack all at the same time. I paled as my hands shook.

Setting down my glass as cautiously as I could, my gaze dropped, staring at the beading and stitching of my dress as hard as I could. Thinking, rationalizing, that I was losing my bloody mind.

He is dead, my mind persisted. There was no way he was here, in the same bar as I was. And more importantly, he wasn't alive. The very idea itself was absurd.

He was dead. He was gone. Yet, that very same throaty laugh made its way into my gut again, making me shiver as if I was cold.

For Heaven's sake, Ava, snap out of it! I reprimanded myself, loathing that I was still affected by the memory of him even after a decade.

Ten years-ten bloody years of chasing the ghost of him, and tonight was no different. It had happened through the years, but nothing had come as close as this.

Looking ahead to where my gaze landed upon the unknown gentleman's suited back, the butterflies' haphazard effect resumed in my insides.

Goodness, how often had I embarrassed myself each time I had these damning spells? I had lost count. It definitely was too many at this point.

"Ava?" Allie questioned, getting my attention as I dragged it away from the man's beautiful back. Even from afar, I could tell he was going to be just as gorgeous up close and personal. "You've been quiet, my love," she stated offhandedly, but I could detect the worry behind the words. She knew me too well, way too well for my liking, especially tonight.

Shrugging, I took the liberty in grasping ahold of my drink and took a huge sip before giving her a nonchalant smile. The last thing I needed was for her to question me. Then the newfound lover would start asking questions about my long lost, tragic love from once upon a time. No thank you very much.

"I just had a thought is all. Would you two excuse me for a moment? I need to use the loo."

Maurizio said something in Allie's ear that made her laugh, easily distracting her from my intentions.

Slowly getting up, my heart jack-hammered against my chest as I took small breaths through my slightly parted mouth, determined to follow through with my instincts. Making a move, I started to pave my way halfway across the room, unwavering from my decision to meet the very man who held that one-of-a-kind laugh which had gotten me into a tizzy.

Without looking back, I gradually strutted towards where he was standing amidst a few women and a handful of men while I straightened the short length of my dress. Nervous though I was, it had been quite some time since I had felt like something had plugged in some electricity to my drained batteries. Revived and alive was what I felt at the moment. It was as if I was going to get a new revelation. And I knew, the inkling remaining as always, that I would be disappointed after this ordeal was done. It had been ten years, after all. Regardless that disappointment greeted me in the end, I didn't stop striding forward.

As I inched closer, I pondered over how I was going to approach the situation, meaning the very man himself. Could I simply come up to him, tap him on the shoulder as if I was an acquaintance, and pretend we had met somewhere? It was my go-to strategy, the very same one I used in all of my mild enquiries. I supposed it had never failed me before, so using the same ploy wouldn't hurt, would it?

Gaining confidence, I stuck to my guns and swallowed whatever pride I had before slowing down my pace when I was a couple of feet away from him. From then on, everything felt amplified, from the sound of my deafening heartbeat to my shallow breathing and the hot and cold feeling that ran all over my body. Everything felt familiar. From the magnetic pull this man had on me to the trancelike way I was captured by him, it was all too familiar. The heady sensation came upon me in waves, drowning me with nostalgia of what I once had.

Boldly tapping the man's shoulder, I cleared my throat before saying, "Sorry. I couldn't help but notice you across the room. You seemed very familiar-" I paused as the man spun around and faced me, eyeing me with sparkling, intense, emerald green eyes, eyes that I used to stare at all night long as they showed me unparalleled love and affection. "Reiss-" I gasped, flabbergasted as my mouth hung ajar before I simply lost my mind and reached out to cup his face, staring wildly at him. "It's you. It's you, isn't it?"

Chapter 2

Craig

"Reiss-" She looked gob smacked, seeming erratic as she wildly stared at me. "It's you. It's you, isn't it?" The random woman persisted while I gave her a thorough perusal before I cleared my throat and shook my head, flirtingly smiling at the beautiful woman before me.

"Name's Craig, but I could be Reiss if you like," I smoothly provided, knowing well enough that women did this sort of trick to get my attention.

She adamantly shook her head, disbelieving. "No. No. Your face-" she stammered the words out, frantic. "And, and your eyes!" Her gorgeous eyes roved all over my face as they started to water. "How is this possible?" she hissed as her tears welled, brimming to spill over soon. "You're supposed to be dead."

All right, this had gone too far because she looked like she was about to have a breakdown. Right here. In the middle of a bar.

"Apologies, but you must've mistaken me for someone else. I would truly appreciate it if you'd stop and not cause a scene," I cautiously warned her, not feeling so jovial any longer.

Tonight, of all nights, I decided to come out, even though everything in me protested that it was best to stay out of the social arena. My gut inkling had never steered me in the wrong direction, but tonight I made an exception because it was Brandon's, one in my small circle of trusted friends, birthday night. I couldn't very well say no when he suggested he wanted to go for drinks before adamantly suggesting he wanted to have dinner precisely at midnight and not a minute more. It was thirty past ten and we all had been feeling the pangs of hunger even though he had been severely providing us with inconceivable amounts of strong alcohol.

The beautiful, distraught woman shook her head before gently wiping the wetness on the sides of her eyes, trying to regain some clarity and composure. "What did you same your name was?"

Gritting my jaws, I gazed down onto her delicate face. "Craig Chambers, and if you have any more questions, you can easily Google me.

"Chambers ..." she reiterated before looking pale.

"Will that be all, miss? We'd all gladly appreciate it if we could get back to our conversation." My crude, dismissive approach caused hurt to appear in her eyes, as if I had just slapped her.

"Of course," she apologetically whispered, still looking dazed. "Forgive me." She stared into my eyes before apologizing towards my companions. "Have a lovely evening. Again, I'm sorry." She made a tight smile before hastily wiping her face and rushing towards the exit, looking distraught and out of sorts.

Staring after her, I took a moment to clear my head before I heard Brandon's voice break through my train of thought. "If you don't plan on going after that poor, gorgeous woman, I will. She certainly looked beyond distraught to be out there on her own right now." He didn't need to warn me again before I found myself taking the same route as she had, following her out the door.

The second I stepped foot outside, I reprimanded myself for being so thoughtless. What this woman was going through was seriously none of my business, but all of my doubts vanished when I saw her aimlessly walking with her head bent low, arms wrapped around her as she tried to cross the busy street.

Rushing towards her, I yanked quite roughly as I held a tight grip on her elbow. She gave me a perplexed look just as I reprimanded her for not being watchful. "Didn't your parents teach you to use pedestrians as a child?" Gritting out the words, I made sure we crossed the road safely before gazing at her forlorn face.

She made a melancholy sigh before gazing directly into my eyes. In the dimness of the night, her beauty was only heightened. "They didn't," she answered. "My parents were busy making sure I was going to be a polished and suitable wife when I grew up." Something changed in her eyes before she gestured to cup my face again with her soft hand, gawking at me with fascination and wonder. "You look just like him. I mean, apart from the slashing scar on your brow ..." she trailed off, eyes wandering across my facial features. "You could've been his twin."

"You must be quite saddened to have such a strong reaction to a man who resembles someone who was close to you."

She seemed teary before she made a cruel, dry laugh. "I was young ... and I hadn't known better then. I suppose you could say he is one of my biggest regrets in life. It's difficult to live with such guilt and burden even after all these years."

I made a curt nod, understanding where she was coming from. "We all have our fair share of guilt, any human being does." Not wanting a full-on heart to heart discussion with her, I immediately changed the subject. "How about I hail you a cab so you can go home and rest? A good rest might do wonders, or so they say."

"Home is New York. I'm just visiting the Motherland to be with friends and family."

It might've been the light teasing that provoked her to smile, but fuck, what a blinding smile it was. I felt my breathing halt just a tad.

Clearing my throat, I made a courteous nod. "Right. Of course. Then we'd have the cab take you to your destination. Wherever that is."

"That would be lovely ... Craig." She seemed reluctant to say my name, although a faint blush appeared after she did.

There was an air of mystery about her that triggered something within. It felt as if it was compelling me to do something spontaneous, something drastic, and I knew I simply couldn't chance it. Never again.

Hailing a cab wasn't a hardship; in no matter of time, a licensed, black cab parked about a foot away, waiting with his blinkers on.

"I suppose this is goodbye ..."

"Ava," she hastily said. "My name is Ava."

A smirk crossed my lips before giving her a final look. "Have a restful night, Ava. And do try to stay out of trouble for the rest of your stay."

"You, too ..." She gazed up, breathless and seeming reluctant to leave. "Goodnight."

I wasn't sure if she was hoping to exchange numbers or if she needed me to give her a hug, but I wasn't readily giving her either. There was no need to ignite the ghost she was chasing. Therefore, I pressed my lips together instead, hoping she'd get the cue that she was prolonging the inevitable. After a minute of silence, she finally did, much to my relief. She made a final wave of goodbye, opened the cab door, stepped into it, and gave me one last glance that could be interpreted in so many ways before the cab whisked her away.

I stayed awhile, rooted to the spot where she'd left me, still deep in thought. A twin she had said, I thought with derision before a dark, cruel laugh emerged from me.

My life definitely hadn't started out easy. Now and again, it still drove a hard bargain. Such as when it attempted to force me into forgiving people who had wronged me ...

The word forgiveness certainly wasn't part of my dictionary.

Chapter 3

Ava

It had been over an hour since I'd arrived back at the hotel. Still, I sat ramrod straight on the luxurious sofa, staring into oblivion. The driver, bless his heart, had seemed kind enough to give me a minute or ten as he patiently waited for me to gather my bearings before exiting his vehicle. In return, I paid him an extra hundred quid as a tip. Had tonight really happened? It kept circling my brain, making me wonder how on earth I would manage to move forth from what had occurred tonight.

Moreover, my mind kept coming back to the mystery man named Craig Chambers.

Same last name. Same face.

What were the odds, really?

Heck the chances were slim, yet fate had guided me to face the ghost of my demons. Everything about Craig-apart from that tiny scarred spot on his brow-was utterly alike to my fallen beloved. There was only a subtle difference to the smooth face that I remembered so well from a decade ago. Had he been alive, I was convinced Reiss would appear just as Craig did with that slight scruff and a confident persona accompanied by an easy smile that made his one dimple appear on his left cheek.

Even that one, tiny, insignificant detail ...

Craig had possessed one, too.

However, since Reiss was dead, my mind furthered with theories and such. Surely, they could somehow be related. It could be his long lost, distant cousin. I was convinced Reiss's familial gene pool could produce another man almost identical to him. It was merely a twisted, freakish accident that I had spotted him tonight.

I knew he wasn't Reiss, although my heart didn't seem to cooperate with that pertinent fact. My eyes had seen Reiss, and that was what my heart was acknowledging, nothing more.

Coming back to my nicely shaken up reality, the soft sound of my phone made me forget about Craig and Reiss altogether. While I reached for it, I saw my husband was calling me. I sat myself down, leaning back against the softly feathered cushions as I closed my eyes and pretended to sound normal.

"Hello."

"Did I get you at a wrong time? You sound knackered," Ashton mused, sounding rather happy, the exact opposite to the stressed out man I had to live with for months on end due to his newly appointed position in the company.

"I actually just got in. I was out in Park Lane with Allie and her new bloke." Guilt ate at me as I contemplated if I should mention how embarrassingly my night had ended. We had been married for almost nine years; he knew about those random acts I did. Usually, I was quite honest and open with him. However, for some odd reason, I wanted to keep Craig Chambers hidden for the time being. There were a lot of questions and unresolved things I needed to ponder through before I decided to tell him about this uncanny chance.

"How are things at the office? You sound well."

The stress from his promotion had him on pins and needles to the point of being beyond neurotic at times. For all the years I had known him, never had I seen him in such a state. Try though I did to soothe his ego and boost his confidence and esteem, the gesture always backfired on me. I became his walking and breathing rubbish bin, the person he could freely and openly unload on about all of his frustrations from work. Ranging from people he didn't like working with, business transactions that were dealt with in a wrong fashion, company decisions that weren't approached with care and ended with a lot of baffled and aggravated employees-I heard it all. Being a wife already gave him the right to "bitch" about his work life; however, what ticked me off more than anything was the damning man wouldn't let me give an opinion about it.

Whatever he had just unburdened on me, he solely expected me to simply nod and forget about it, which wasn't always the case with me. I liked voicing my opinions, and at times, he didn't appreciate it, most especially when I pointed out what his role was and how he'd become at fault in the process. This resulted in arguments and tiny, befuddled fights that mostly ended up with him begging for my forgiveness and showering me with his usual love and attention. When Ashton got into this love mode, it was quite impossible not to thaw and forgive his dour attitude.

Tonight, he had simply called without the intentions of venting out anything at all. He only wanted to make sure I was quite all right while also mildly inquiring when I would be back in New York since he was getting lonely without me in the three-bedroom apartment we had in the Upper East Side.

I admit, talking to him made my tension ease a bit. I suppose there was something in his voice that calmed me. After all, it was only him who could soothe me after I confessed what I had done with Reiss and how awful I was to him after I rejected his proposal and what had transpired after the incident, although I still wasn't certain when I would tell him about all that.

Seeing Reiss's doppelganger had brought intense emotions out of me. It felt like I had fallen into a darkened cave where I was attacked by thousands of bats all at the same time, leaving me breathless, defenseless, mindless, all at a speedy rate. In seconds, it felt like I was in a time warp, transported back to the summer that had changed my life.

The summer that had taught me the grandest lesson of all ...

And that was to never underestimate the power of love. It yielded such incapacitating power it could easily blind even the strongest and bravest kind amongst us beings. We were its muse and its victims, gambling our fates as it chose its next mark.

I was one of the lucky lot chosen to be doomed by it.

Chapter 4

Craig

"Have the car ready, will you, Emily?" I directed my PA through the speakerphone, readying to leave the office.

I was about to close the lid on my laptop when Emily's clipped, refined voice came through the device. "There's an Ava Westwood who refuses to leave, even though I insisted she make an appointment before being allowed to see you, Mr. Chambers."

Bollocks! "Why the hell did I have to give her my name," I hissed, knowing well enough that the last thing I needed was to be polite at the end of this strenuous day. If Ava could surpass Emily's glacial glares and dismissive attitude, it meant that she truly wasn't going anywhere. Emily was a secret weapon, most handy when I didn't want to deal with uninvited visitors.

Resigned, I thought it better I deal with this right this moment. "Send her in, and you can take your leave right after. That will be all. Thank you, Emily."

"Thank you. Have a lovely evening, Mr. Chambers." She sounded appreciative. I was almost certain she was relieved I didn't ask it of her to stay in the office while I took care of this unexpected visitor.

Reaching to squeeze the back of my neck, I closed my eyes for a brief moment to release some tension. I listened to the sound of high heels echoing down the hall before I heard the soft opening and closing click of the door then silence.

"Ava," I rasped out, unsure if I should open my eyes and admire her beauty or if I should keep them shut so she'd know she wasn't welcome and couldn't stay for long. In the end, my eyes opened when I heard her sweet voice.

"Sorry. I'm not usually a bugger, but I had this random urge to make you something. It's my way of apologizing," she nervously said as she bit her lip and shifted her feet, gazing upon me with an expectant look. She held a gift box with a black bow, lifting it a little to indicate the purpose of her visit.

There was something about her tone that made me thaw a little. Her random gesture touched something in me. When was the last time anyone had gone out of their way to do anything for me, may it be simple or complicated? And she had done it without expecting anything in return. Lovers, girlfriends-they all did things to accomplish something. Most times, those "gifts" showed up in the credit card bill at the end of the month.

I hadn't thought I'd be truly touched by this, yet I was.

With my curiosity piqued, I gestured her forwards to see what she meant by 'made something.'

A shy smile played about her lips as she came forward, heading to where I stood frozen, watching her every move. She wore a sleeveless, fitted, powder blue dress with pearls on her ears. She appeared demure, beguiling, and completely irresistible.

"Here." She shyly handed me the box, seeming quite pleased with herself. "I hope you like chocolate."

I'd devour anything you want me to eat, my wicked mind enlightened me just as my cock surged forth, clearly thinking of a different agenda, with chocolate icing and a lot of nipping and sucking.

"This is very kind of you," I rasped out, sounding a little rough. "Thank you for going out of your way to do so."

"Not quite going out of my way. I took your advice and Googled you, and since your office is just a walking distance from the hotel, I thought an edible treat would be a marvelous way to apologize for my behavior three nights ago." She had a cute way of saying things, and I found myself smiling down at her.

"The hotel let you use their kitchens?" I teased, finding it hard to resist when she blushed with her eyes sparking like it was Christmas morning. There was an air of gullibility about her, yet her coming here spontaneously had proved she didn't follow the rules, even though she wore class and elegance with apparent ease.

"My friend Allie took pity on me and let me use her kitchen for a few hours. It's nothing much, just a small chocolate torte." Ava openly stared at my face, seeming lost in thought as she gazed at me with longing in her eyes before I cleared my throat to snap her out of her trance-like state. "Sorry. I'm not usually odd like this. I'm quite easy to be around, I promise," she apologized, blushing ten times harder than the last time.

Smirking, I didn't want to argue her statement. I was almost positive she was a lot of things. "I don't doubt it."

"I swear ... really." Biting her lip, she seemed to ponder for a moment before she opened her mouth as her eyes sought mine, and she finally blurted out, "How about if you let me take you out for coffee? Perhaps even for a quick nibble?" I was about to decline when she interrupted me. "I understand if you're busy tonight with prior engagements already, but I feel like I must explain myself fully or even just a fraction so you could have a better understanding about all of this. I swear I won't bore you to tears."

Ava was right. I did have reservations for dinner tonight with Hilary, my current lover. She adored the process of beautifying herself so much she'd start to get ready about three hours prior to when I was due to get her. She was a stunning, sweet woman who sometimes had a tendency of being overly clingy. Apart from that, however, Hilary was compliant and didn't make it a habit to know the ins and outs of my business life. The last thing I needed was to take my work with me when I was out playing and de-stressing my worries away.

Declining Ava's invitation didn't seem appropriate, because she was the sort you didn't want to disappoint. As much as I wanted to say no, my mouth had a mind of its own.

"Would half an hour do?"

"Yeah, half an hour is lovely!" She beamed, sounding breathless at my acquiescence.

My left hand itched to run through my hair, which usually helped ease me when I was confronted with something I wasn't so sure about. Instead of following my instincts, I resorted to slipping my hand inside the pocket of my trousers while the other hand held the box with her handmade dessert in it.

"With coffee and your chocolate pastry, one could never go wrong."

There was a coffee shop across the street we ended up going to. Ava kept me entertained for the short distance from the office to the shop with stories about her childhood memories and how she'd first started baking. I could tell from the bright look she had and how animated she became that this was one of her passions in life. What other interests did she have?

I frowned as I caught myself wondering about things I shouldn't have even allowed to cross my mind. It didn't take a genius to figure out that the gold band on her ring finger meant she belonged to some other man. The thought made me frown further. Where was the husband, anyhow? How could a man possible leave this lovely, beautiful woman to her own devices to seek out a complete stranger and invite him for coffee? I was convinced, wherever he was, it surely wasn't any of my business one way or the other.

Disengaging from my train of thought as we sat across from each other, I flagged the waiter just as I pulled out my phone and texted Hilary that I would be running a tad late for dinner. After the message, I immediately switched the mode to silent, not wanting to be interrupted since Hilary had this unfortunate tendency of being quite the annoying one sentence text message sender.

Where are you?

What time will you come?

Hurry?

Please?

This was merely a small anomaly from the stunning package altogether, one I hadn't minded much until tonight. As much as I didn't want to openly admit it, I was curious about what Ava had to say. After hearing her tonight, though, I made myself vow I wouldn't see her or be cajoled by her pretty smiles again. She spelt trouble, and I certainly didn't need to introduce useless drama into my well put-together life.

"You have such an uncanny resemblance that I find it more disturbing as the day goes on."

Her words took me by surprise. She hadn't even waited until we'd ordered before she had started getting down to business.

"I don't want to seem rude, but I feel obligated to tell you that maybe you need to seek a therapist." Shrugging, I gave her a retreated look. "With your past and this man in particular, maybe it would do you the world and lift all the guilt away. You seem to be quite bent about what happened in your old life."

Ava was far from offended. Surprisingly, she seemed unperturbed.

"The thought did occur to me, but seeking help would clearly prove a lot of things I don't think I'm ready to hear," she said just as the waiter came. She looked upwards to acknowledge the pleasant, young man with her heart-stopping smile. "Hi, there. We'd love two hot cappuccinos please."

For a moment, the waiter seemed struck before he shook himself back to functioning and took note of the order. The second he left, I didn't waste a beat.

"You didn't even give me the curtsey to order for myself."

She raised her brow, her long, sooty lashes flickering at me, challenging me. "Sorry, did I make a mistake in presuming you'd adore a hot cappuccino?"

Sass. I liked that in women. "You didn't make a mistake," I murmured, observing her. "Though, one might wonder what else you may have read online with your little quest on me."

She made the most unexpected gesture by bunching her nose, appearing less composed, more relaxed, and quite at ease in my company. "This and that ..." she trailed off, biting her lip. "A lot of things yet a lot of nothings."

"Anything I can help you with?" The moment the question slipped out of my lips, I wished to somehow undo it.

Blowing out a small breath, she started with what she had found. "There's quite a list of organizations and foundations you support. I admit, I was wholly impressed." Just then, the waiter returned with our order. We both murmured our thanks before we took a moment to drop sugar cubes and stir the steaming java concoction. "I don't mean to pry, but how come there isn't much history about you? I could only find information from your University days, nothing about your childhood ..."

My, quite the handy little Miss Investigator she had turned out to be. "I don't deem it necessary for the world to know about my past. What matters is what I have accomplished thus far and what I aim to achieve in the future. Being in business, whatever information I put out there gives competitors and my enemies more fuel to use against me. Why in God's name would I do that?" I never meant to take a jab at her, but I caught her flinching. Regardless, my past was no one's concern. I had paid a hefty sum for it to be hidden. Furthermore, it would remain that way for as long as I was alive.

"You're right," she reluctantly said. "I sort of got carried away ..." Pressing her lips together, she took a cautious sip of her coffee before carefully placing it back on the white, stoneware saucer.

Mine remained untouched as I noted her every move, fascinated yet watchful.

"Reiss was a gardener's son," she started, sounding unlike her usual voice. There seemed to be a catch to her tone, as if she was having a tough time with it. "It was the beginning of summer, and I had just gotten back from boarding school." She paused before she plucked one brown sugar cube from the tiny bowl, placing it on the old wooden table and restlessly toying with it as she pondered about the past. "I went to an exclusive all-girls school, and with the manor full of older people, it didn't take long for him to get my attention.

"At first, I observed him from afar, but as the days went on and he didn't even take notice of me, I changed my antics and became bolder. He wasn't necessarily shy, but I think he did have reservations about me in the beginning...

"Each day, the more we conversed, the more I wanted to know him, and Reiss went so far as to fall in love with me. It think I was starting to feel the same, but by then, my parents had found out my secret, and they were completely against it."

"Her face contorted with abhorrence before she carried on, "Then, before the summer ended, Ashton-who was my on again, off again boyfriend and one of my father's friend's sons-actually came to visit, and I failed to disclose that to Reiss. This resulted with the both of us fighting before I broke things off with him, stating that it was simply a fling, nothing more.

"Reiss took this to heart. Being so upset, he shouldn't have been drinking that night, but he did. He was obliterated-all four of his friends were before they decided to drive him home ..." Wrapping her arms around her, she rubbed her shoulders as though she felt a chilling shiver. "The car crashed into another vehicle, causing a fire, and the authorities pronounced them all dead at the scene."

"You felt responsible for his death." It was a statement, not a question.

Fresh tears glassed her beautiful eyes. "Of course. I hurt him. I broke his heart, which led him to his death."

Chapter 5

Ava

"We all make mistakes. There's no need for you to carry a torch for this long. You just have to accept that." Craig's unabashed words struck deep into my core.

I appreciated his words of concern, I truly did. However, guilt wasn't the only thing I held onto. There were so many factors that came into play that it was hard to even think about or discuss with a stranger who simply wouldn't understand what I was going through, especially a stranger who could be his long-lost twin.

Swiping the tears that threatened to spill down the sides of my face, I tried to hold my composure as I braved a smile. "I understand what you're saying-of course I do-but there were a lot of things that are quite difficult to put into words. Sometimes"-I paused, shaking my head as I attempted to utter the next few words-"sometimes I dream of him." Gazing towards the man sitting across from me, I pushed my worries away. "These dreams are of him alive ... somewhere." Holding my breath, I softly blew it out as I prepared myself to say the next difficult words. "You see, once they put out the fire, they never found his body."

"And ... this makes you believe that he's alive?" He pressed his lips together, eyeing me warily. "I see."

Though Craig was the mirror of Reiss, I'd have hardly thought Reiss would ever have been as successful as Craig, because Reiss didn't plan on going to school or doing anything with his life other than working for his dad. Once his father retired, his goal had been to take over his father's position. He hadn't held any wild notions of what his future would bring; he had been a simple man-uncomplicated-and had enjoyed the little things in life that most people took for granted.

"Anyhow ... enough of my theories and thoughts. I hope this little jaunt made you understand, or maybe not understand, per se, but grasp how it's been for me." A part of me hoped he'd want to get in touch, but I knew, after tonight, I wouldn't be bothering him again. Besides, this whole situation had made me realize I should start focusing back on my marriage.

"Maybe it's time for me to go back home to my husband in New York. I came out here to clear my head and be around my friends and family"-I took a moment, pausing to gather my breath-"but to be honest, it was because I was getting frustrated with my life. My husband stopped trying to get us pregnant, because he's been so busy, and I was hurt by that."

"I was starting to wonder if that ring of yours was just a ploy to make the men stay away from you," he said in an observing tone, green eyes intense as his gaze dropped on said ring. "Maybe, instead of telling me about your frustrations, you should tell him, and that would solve your problem. Don't you think so, Ava?"

There was something in his tone I didn't like. However, in place of addressing what that was about, I merely nodded my head, thinking it was time to call it a night.

"You're right; maybe it's time I stop running away from my problems and start addressing them. Ashton won't know what's bothering me unless I tell him."

"Good."

Trying in earnest not to frown at his drastic change of attitude, I finished sipping my coffee. "You never drank yours."

"I don't like milk in my coffee."

"Oh." I paused, thinking on how I had been too rash to even consider how he liked his java. "We can order another one. It's on me."

His unwavering, penetrating gaze never left me. I hadn't minded it before, but with his odd turn in behavior, it became glaringly obvious the more he barely spoke to me.

When he didn't respond to my kind offer, I met his eyes full on. "You seem to stare at me quite a bit." His gaze had never given out the vibe that it was the creepy sort. It was as if he couldn't help himself from looking at me. I'd been married for so long these things never swayed me away from Ashton. However, given that this man across from me was similar to my departed beloved, it was becoming harder to deny my attraction to him.

"Aren't you used to it by now?" His murmur felt like silk on my skin. "You're beautiful, and I find it very hard to look away."

Biting the bottom of my lip, I gawked, knowing I was skirting a very fine thread of temptation. God help me, I was beyond tempted to relive a little of what I had lost, too. He might not be the real Reiss, but I could pretend it was him, even if only for a short amount of time.

As I blushed, Ashton's loving face appeared before my eyes, as if to give me a warning. "I'm a married woman."

He didn't blink before saying, "A lonely one, at that."

True, I was bloody lonely. How long had it been since Ashton and I'd had good sex? Ever since he'd been promoted, all he ever had in mind was sex, not shagging. There was a difference between the two. To me, sex meant sex-you simply reached your orgasm without any intention of emotional intimacy. Shagging ... well, it was primal and powerful. It was animalistic, and both parties felt entwined, emotionally and physically, as they pleasured each other, whether the pace was rough or slow.

How long had it been for me? Too long, really, since I couldn't quite recall when the last time had been. Knowing this vital tidbit made it rather frightening to be around Craig Chambers. An extramarital affair was something that hadn't entered my brain until tonight. Frightening ... it truly was.

"Craig," I whispered his name, "whatever it is you think you're doing ... don't do it."

His jade green eyes sparkled fire. "What am I doing, Ava?" he sexily taunted. "I'm sitting across from you, not even touching you at all."

"You know what I'm talking about ..." How had we gotten to this point? We had been having coffee-or I had been having coffee-while we had discussed what had happened three nights ago. Seemingly, amidst the past and the recollections, we somehow had ended up here, capsized by this effervescent sexual tension.

"All right." He nodded. "As you wish, Ava." He then immediately stood up and pulled out his wallet, leaving a wad of bills on the table before he held out his hand.

Staring at it as if it was going to burn me, I hesitated. "What are you doing?" Though I appeared to be bothered, deep down, I was far from it. Everything about this man demanded attention, and I admit, his admiring eyes weren't unwelcomed.

"First, I'm taking you back to your hotel. Then I'll resume my evening, presumably dining with my date tonight."

Drive me back to my hotel? I think not.

"No need. I'll be fine." Scrambling to my feet, I ignored his outstretched hand. "I can manage pretty well on my own."

"You interrupted my night; this is the least you could do for me. I promise no harm will come to you."

It wasn't because I'd thought he'd harm me. Of course not. It was me. I didn't trust myself to be around him. Now that I had told him the rundown of things, there wasn't much to explore other than how blatantly he oozed confidence and outright sex appeal. Nor did it help that, each time I glanced at him, my heart sped, wishing he was Reiss ...

"I shan't..." I regrettably said, but he was persistent.

"You have my word, Ava."

Could I trust him? Again, it was odd that I found myself silently responding that I did, which was surprising since this man was as good as a stranger to me. After realizing this, my hand made its way to clasp his, granting him his wish.

Chapter 6

Ava

His driver was waiting across the street, holding the car door wide open as he nodded towards us. "Good evening, Mr. Chambers." He then directed his kind gaze at me. "Madam."

Once secured in the back of the Mercedes and with the driver starting the engine, I rested my hands on my lap, fighting the need to fidget because, even though he sat an arm's reach, I felt the tension. It utterly crackled between us. It had gone from innocent to sinful in the blink of an eye.

After five minutes of silence, my tensed shoulders started to ache, so I gradually reclined my head against the headrest, sighing as I silently begged for my sanity back. My body hadn't been the same ever since Craig had appeared in the picture three nights prior. It tingled, every pore sensing everything-from a single touch to one of his dashing smiles, I was profoundly affected by this man.

This heightened state was the cause of my dreams of him, doing some ungodly things a married woman shouldn't even dare to think about. However, my subconscious did dare, and what dreams they were. They had completely left me wanting. This curling hunger had slowly been building for over seventy-two hours since meeting him, and it kept thriving, growing. As if needing to feed, it wouldn't stop until I had accomplished what it wanted, what it needed to be satisfied.

Maybe it was that devious, animalistic look he had that trigged this unquenchable thirst within me. Although, as much as it thrilled me to know I was still capable of feeling such sexual intensity, it was frightening that it wasn't Ashton. It was supposed to be only him, my husband, who should make me feel like I couldn't live another second longer if he didn't remedy this ache in my loin.

"Ava." The sound of my name rasping out of his lips like a caress made my breasts ache.

Bloody hell, could I get a moment without thinking of sex? Not only was it frustrating that I wanted him so badly, but it simply didn't help when he called to me in such a seductive tone.

"We're here."

Slowly and seductively, I lifted my gaze to meet his, immediately feeling the world suspend-stopping. I was hanging on a pendulum that was ticking away, as if I had little time left to make a decision-a decision that would change me, my life, and everything I believed myself to be.

His dark, penetrating gaze traced my lips before he granted me a look that gave me a glimpse of the hunger he'd been holding back. I found myself breathless as he slid out of the car the moment it was opened by the hotel doorman, and I didn't release the hold of my breath until he was on my side of the car, holding out his hand to help me out of the vehicle. My brain didn't even register whether I should limit my skin contact with him; my hand went out to meet his without hesitation.

The second I was out of the car, he guided me towards the hotel entrance. Was this where he was planning to say his goodbyes? My mind reeled at the thought that I wouldn't ever see him again. Yet I knew, deep down, it would possibly be for the best. Having him around me was mystifying because he provoked such an ache that he alone could soothe. Well, on the contrary, Reiss had aroused similar acute, carnal desires from me. As I had rationally thought before, the only explanation for why I was reacting to him this way was because, each time I saw him, it wasn't really Craig I was seeing but Reiss.

Prepping my final goodbyes in my mind, I was taken aback when I felt his hand tighten around mine, as if to not let go.

"Which room number are you?" His question caught me off guard, unsure if he meant to leave me outside my door and be a gentleman or lead his way inside the room then led himself on to me ... into me.

"Ava?" he pressed again.

I snapped out of my funk the moment we reached the elevator, taking half a second before deciding to utter the room number.

Everything happened at such a hectic pace that I didn't get the chance to ponder over the consequences of what I had just done. My heart had taken over my senses, speedily ramming against my chest as if it was a prisoner in need of escape. Not only did my heart feel like it was about to do jumping jacks, but my body felt like it was wired with some sort of power source, because my hand that was attached to his felt too electrifying to describe.

The deafening sound of the bell, indicating that we had arrived on my floor, felt like a sentence, and at the same time, it was as if someone had raised me from the dead.

"Craig," I started to say as he guided us towards my room, uncertain of how I'd approach this awkward subject. He needed to know I wasn't the type of woman who randomly slept with men I barely knew. Or, moreover, the fact that, yes, I was married, and even though I was epically lonely most nights, I had managed just fine and would continue to do so.

Standing right outside of the door, he intently looked at me. "Mind handing me your keycard?"

Entranced by those mesmerizing, intense, green eyes, I found myself handing him the damning thing, hoping I hadn't completely lost my mind.

"Craig," I whispered with a lot of hesitation. "Ermm ... Thank you for the ride. I truly appreciate-"

The instant the sound of the door unlocking and opening occurred, I was inside my room, right against the wall, pinned by his body and caged by a predatory look that utterly set my body ablaze.

"What-no-" My words were cut short when he nudged his hips forward, and I felt his sizable manhood. "We mustn't." Bloody fuck, my pussy was beyond aroused, and I hadn't truly felt how glorious his cock was yet.

"Oh, but we must. I couldn't take another one your come-hither looks, Ava. I need to bury myself inside you, or so help me God, I won't stop until I've filled you with my cock and seed, burying it deep in your cunt's moist, tightened walls."

His filthy words only fueled the burning inside me as I focused on the gradual provoking thrusts he was making.

"Tell me you want me," he harshly demanded as he grew harder against me.

"I do." I was so turned on I couldn't think coherently. "I want you."

He made a deep, guttural sound before gritting out some more harsh words I couldn't catch in my hazed state, and then his lips unceremoniously kissed me. It was a punishing kiss, nothing I had ever felt before. It hurt, as if he meant to draw blood, but his cruel treatment only made me a more willing participant. I was incensed with lust to the point that I barely registered that he had dropped his pants. I only noted it when he took my hand and guided it to grip his cock whilst I matched his brutal kisses.

As I stroked his hardness, he thrust his hips while the tip pressed against my stomach, as if giving me a warning that it would be inside me quite soon enough.

"Does the feel of my cock make your cunt wet?" he groaned against my lips before he moved towards my neck then to my ear and whispered into it. "You're wet, aren't you?" he accused. "Do you want my fingers to investigate how naughty you've been?"

Fuck. Please do. I was about to say the words, but I was cut short when he didn't hold back from his pursuit; his hand was in between my thighs in a flash, ripping my panties away.

His probing middle finger charged in between my hot folds, making him hiss in pleasure when he did indeed find it seeping with my slick essence. Discovering the tiny nub that triggered a button in me, he made me gyrate and convulse with his expert ministrations.

"You like being unleashed from all the constraints, don't you, sweet Ava?" he gritted out as he thrust harder into my palm. "Open your legs wider. Open yourself to me."

It was raunchy and sordid, and my body exalted in his capable hands. Without much indecision, I willingly spread my legs farther apart, giving him full access to my pussy.

"You want my cock inside you?"

Without a doubt.

I responded with a passionate, "Yes."

He made a deep, animalistic sound, delighted that I was readily submitting to him. "What do you want me to do with your cunt, Ava?"

Reiss ... He used to ask me the same, exact question.

Losing myself in my own dream, I relinquished all inhibitions and let my mind wander into fantasyland with Reiss in mind.

"Answer me," he demanded as he slowly lifted my body.

He then led us towards the bathroom, my limbs clinging on to him as if I didn't want to let him go. Once he had situated me against the wall in the bathroom, he lavished on my lips before he yanked his kisses away and lifted my body higher up the wall.

This time, he didn't speak until my legs were wrapped around the back of his head with his face directly in between my thighs. "Hold on to those towel bars. Your life might depend on it."

I didn't need a second warning before I followed his advice. Elation ran through me as I first felt the moist flick of his hungered tongue.

"Bloody hell!" I screeched as I trembled at his tongue's relentless expertise, gripping the metal bars as I got lost in the pleasure he was weaving inside me. I was under his spell, and God help me, I didn't want it to end.

When my thighs started to clench, readying for a massive first release, he released the tight clasp of his mouth from my pussy before he unceremoniously slid me lower to meet my lips. I welcomed his rough invasion, kissing with my essence glazed over his mouth, as my body melted against him.

My eyes inadvertently opened, and I found myself in the mirror, looking wanton ... carnal. I was a woman who had abandoned all her restraints, welcoming everything this man was doing to me.

"Sweet Ava," he rasped out passionately. "Ava. Fuck!" he uttered my name again in the same fevered tone. "Ava ... Ava ... You've no idea how often I thought of you ..." His kiss consumed me, burning me feverishly, burning away every rhyme or reason I had before I felt his first crushing thrust as his cock slid halfway into me, throbbing with one purpose only.

A muffled cry came out of me. I wasn't sure if it was because I was relieved or hating myself for loving the very feel of him. He felt like he belonged here, entwined with me, just like this.

Reiss ...

God, how he felt like Reiss.

"Wrap your arms and legs around me, love," he softly requested before he kissed my forehead. "I want to worship you in bed."

Passionately, we kissed as he guided us towards the bed. His lovemaking was ferocious and lit my senses, an unparalleled and an out of this world experience.

He took me twice without pause, beckoning my passions to no end. He was demanding, and I eagerly tried to match it.

He made me lose myself in a dreamy world, a world where nothing mattered and to hell with the repercussions. I found myself thinking this might be the start to a brand new spark in my life. Maybe this was what I had needed in life-excitement and new passion. I felt revived, newly awakened after being left dead for so long. I hadn't even realized how lonely I'd been before tonight. And what a revelation that was. Drowning in my morose life, I hadn't known I needed saving.

But tonight ... Tonight had changed everything. I definitely needed to reassess my life, and maybe it was time I took control again, to hell with what my parents wanted.

Elation and newfound purpose sung through my veins as I submitted myself to a deep slumber, feeling at peace as I felt his heartbeat steadily beating against my back.

Hours later, I immediately awakened when I sensed him slowly untangling himself from me. It wasn't long before I felt the dip of the bed, knowing he was readying himself to leave quietly, as if trying not to wake me.

I let my ears follow his hushed progress. From the whish of his clothes to the sound of the grating zipper and the soft clink of his buckle, my ears took in the soft noise he was making as my heart hammered rapidly.

Was he simply going to walk out of here without a word? It was probably late in the wee hours of the morning; therefore, there was no point of him leaving unless he regretted what had transpired between us. Or maybe he needed to go home and seek his bed with his girlfriend in it...

My mind raced with all these scenarios when I realized his movements were headed towards my side of the bed. My heart stopped functioning altogether when I felt his presence before me while I kept the pretense that I was still sound asleep.

His thumb was the first thing I felt as it brushed against the bottom of my lip before he dragged his hand to my chin, gliding it up my face until he cupped it, cradling it with his palm. I heard him take a sharp breath, as if he was having a tough time.

"Forget me, sweet Ava ..." he started saying, crushing any hopes of continuing this between us. "Because I have ..." His lips caressed the softness of my cheek before I felt his breath brush against my ear. He then whispered, "Since the moment I found out you never really cared for me."

My heart felt like it had been staked right then and there. Hearing those words meant only one thing.

Fuck the blasted pretense of sleep, I decided hastily.

I snapped my eyes open, petrified as I gazed into the eyes of the man I had lost long ago. "You lied."

Fuck. What the blasted fuck was he playing at?

A cruel, vindictive smile etched across his face before he straightened himself, shrugging down at me. "It stings to be lied to, does it not?" He then gave me a cutting look that made my insides go cold. "I don't ever want to see you again, so stop looking for me. That part of me ... He died a decade ago. Goodbye, Ava."

Chapter 7

The Beginning

Ten years ago

Reiss

I had seen pictures of her. Stories after stories about how stunning she was, how captivating and how her smile could blind a man. My mother would speak so highly of her one would think this girl who was seventeen years old was made of beauty. Not just ordinary beauty you see on a daily basis, either, but the kind that was timeless.

The kind where a mere glance would change a man.

A sight that would forever be remembered by any man.

The kind that could be engraved on his soul.

The kind men would go through Heaven and Hell to acquire.

I had thought my mother was full of rubbish until I finally saw her for the first time.

It was the beginning of summer, and the whole manor was in a rambunctious uproar due to what Mrs. Watson had planned for the season. Parties-tea, garden, white balls for charity, all the sort the wealthy upper class liked to grace themselves with. Technically, anything that had to deal with air kisses was on the summer roster.

My mother worked part-time as a housemaid, my father was the estate gardener, and I was their only child. My parents had given up on trying to have one when they couldn't conceive during her prime child bearing years. Therefore, I came as a bit of a surprise when my mother became pregnant a year short of forty.

Though I had come a bit late for their prime years, my parents never lacked in showering me with love and attention. My father taught me everything he could, which was his love for gardening. I wasn't impassioned by the technicality of how to make the quality cut of a rose or how to make sure the newly planted seeds needed this amount of water or how much sunshine it ought to get. However, I appreciated his effort, and that one particular summer, I decided to come and help him with work in lieu of a summer job.

I was in dire need to save up to go with my friends in August to embark on our holiday trip to Ibiza where we could party all night long. At the age of seventeen, all I could think of were women, an endless supply of lager, and partying. The same went for my friends Felix, Tom and Benjamin.

My plan was solid, and I knew nothing would come in between it until that night-the night where I found her in the garden, strolling about and looking like a vision.

It was a balmy, summer night, and I had just gotten back from the pub after drowning myself in pints and in between Holly's thighs in the back of the pub. The estate garden was massive, and half past midnight, I decided to walk across it as I headed towards the cottage my family was staying in a mile south from the gardens.

My mother had specifically ordered me not to head this way after six in the evening, because there was a fancy party arranged. Since it was already late, I was quite certain the party had ended. It usually did around midnight or so, and the cleaning crew would take over right after.

In the middle of the estate there rested a decent-sized lake with swans. Just like any typical English garden, it was surrounded with blooming flowers, bushes and trees with fresh fruits, especially berries. The air around this part was headily intoxicated with their aromas. The sweet air usually cleared my head, yet tonight, I somehow felt restless.

I first spotted her from afar, donning a silky white gown that hugged her body. She had her stilettos in her one hand while the other held on to the length of her gown. She tiptoed as she headed towards the lake, her long, inky dark hair flowing with a small diamante barrette on the side of her head.

The first thought that occurred to me was Angel. She looked like she had been brought down from the Heavens above. It felt like a dream, and I was witnessing something exceptionally beautiful. I had heard my friends chatting about how beautiful a woman was, that their hearts would stop and flutter, and I had thought then that they were full of rubbish. Then I had felt it for the first time that night.

Struck by her beguiling beauty, I was caught unaware, slowly striding towards her without realizing it until she looked up and gazed at me, smiling.

"Reiss," she uttered my name as if she and I knew each other. Although, apart from tonight, I hadn't seen her. "It's me, Ava."

Nervously, I nodded my head. "How'd you know my name?" I asked dumbly as my eyes soaked further into her, hopelessly mesmerized.

Her eyes sparkled before she directed me a knowing grin that fired up my spent cock. "I've seen you around. Though, most of the time, you tend to be busy with a bed of roses or trimming bushes."

"I like to concentrate while I'm working." How idiotic did I sound? Here I was, basked in the moonlight, standing with the most breathtakingly gorgeous woman I had set my eyes upon, and I, Reiss Chambers, couldn't possibly sound duller than if I were a flock of sea gulls.

"I know." She shrugged. "I've been watching you a lot."

No bloody way. I attempted to contain my excitement as I slowly gained my usual confidence with women. I didn't try much when it came to women since they tended to make it easy for me by approaching me first. I hadn't realized how much I missed the hunt and chasing after a worthy woman.

"And what have you seen thus far?" My blood hummed as I inched closer to where she was standing.

"You tend to take off your shirt mid-day." She blushed without looking away from me. "You like to sweat, and I wish I could savor the saltiness of it on my tongue."

I was most definitely tongue-tied. As much as I wanted to ask her what she was waiting for, acting upon my urges would get me in trouble. Not only that, it would almost certainly put my parents' livelihoods at risk, as well. I knew it was safer to back away and continue my walk home.

"It's getting really late, princess. I should head home. Goodnight, Miss Ava."

Starting to move away, I was about to spin on my heels to retrace the route I had left before when I heard her say, "Wait! I'm not done with you yet."

"Yes?"

"Come here before me, Reiss." Her eyes glinted as she ordered me about. I did as she asked. "I need you to take off your shirt," she saucily demanded as I stared holes into her.

"I don't think that's appropriate. Your mother, Mrs. Watson-" I argued, but she cut me off with a snap of her fingers.

"I'm your boss, too, and I'm ordering you to take your shirt off," she challenged me as our eyes battled.

The snotty attitude usually turned me off, but there was something about her that made me lose my common sense. Her unchallenging gaze somehow made me gather the ends of my shirt, taking it off just as she had commanded. Holding my shirt in my hand, I glanced down at the bossy princess, wondering what she would do next.

Her eyes marveled on my upper body before she reached out to trace the rigid muscles of my abdomen.

"God ... I can't believe you're real ..." Her eyes were dazed as her hands wandered about on my skin, feeling whatever she could. "You're perfection, Reiss."

Her close inspection had lit my body with anticipation. As much as I wanted to argue that this could get me in trouble, I couldn't deny the amazing feel of her hands all over me. There was something about her I wanted to please, and my heart had soared when she had said I was perfect in her eyes.

"Touch me," she whispered before guiding my hand between her legs, nestling in the heat of her womanhood. "Make me feel good."

"Ava ..." Reluctantly, my hands cupped her heat before I heard her moan my name. There was nothing sexier than the sound of my name being said in such an erotic way-the way she did it.

Focusing on her face, my fingers rubbed against the fabric of her underwear, feeling it soak with her juices.

She groaned, hands clinging on to me. "I want to feel your fingers ... please," she begged with a sob. "Show me how good you can make me feel."

I did as she requested, my fingers delving into her hot folds, aiming to seek her sweet spot that would grant her wishes to fruition.

Seconds stretched into minutes as I probed into her, basking in her moans and her scent that filled my nostrils, thinking then that it was the most sensual aroma I had ever smelt on a girl before. She smelled like roses-subtle and seductive, just like her.

My mind drew blank as I focused on her and what she wanted from me. It was as if I was her slave with no will of my own. Had she wanted more from me, I decided then I wouldn't dare protest. Anything she'd ask, I'd give. However, I knew, deep down, I shouldn't let my fascination guide me, because it was only a matter of time until we got caught.

I wanted her. I craved to taste her ... feel her. Yet I knew I shouldn't. She was forbidden and should remain untouched beyond this night.

After I accomplished giving her an orgasm, I gradually pulled my fingers away, fighting the urge to lick the wetness that soaked my skin. She had her eyes closed, lips spread wide, grinning from ear to ear, as if she'd had the most enjoyable experience.

"That was marvelous, Reiss," she dreamily sighed. "Meet me again tomorrow night at this very spot?"

Holly and I had something planned tomorrow night, and I wasn't sure what time we'd be done. "I'll try. You see, I've already made plans."

"Do try, Reiss." She straightened her dress before she faced me, looking more beautiful than a second ago. "Thank you." She tiptoed to reach my lips, granting me a soft brush of a kiss before leaning towards my ear. "I look forward to seeing you tomorrow night."

Without a backward glance, she left me alone in the darkness of the night, watching after her, still unsure what had occurred. My cock ached after servicing her, and even though I had been pleasured by Holly's willing body earlier on, I found myself needing to wank off, thinking of only one thing.

Ava.

Consequently, I marched into the cottage and to my bedroom with that one purpose in mind. Dreaming of the angel who teased me to no end, I stroked my shaft, needing to release the blasted frustration she had imbedded in my cock after I had felt her wet pussy coming all over my hand.

I didn't sleep until my cock tired off and the sun was cresting for dawn.

I was spellbound to the person I couldn't have. How tragic is that? I thought fleetingly as sleep finally conquered me.

Chapter 8

Reiss

I woke up hours later with vivid thoughts of her. At first, I thought I had been dreaming, but one sniff of my fingers gave me an indication that last night had happened. Her essence faintly lingered, and as much as I didn't want to wash my hands so I could smell her on me all day, I knew I had to shower before heading to work alongside my father.

Throughout the day, I pondered what I'd do tonight. Although I wanted to see her again, I knew better.

It was past lunchtime when I felt her eyes on me. Glancing upwards, I found her staring at me from a window. Was that where her bedroom was located? My mind raced with images of me climbing the vines to get into her bed and take what she was willing to offer.

"You're losing your bloody mind," I muttered much to myself as I tore my gaze away from her, feeling wretched that I wouldn't ever know how it would feel to have her underneath me. We were teenagers-horny at that-and I was sure it wouldn't take long until a bloke worthy of her came to do what I couldn't do myself. This thought somehow had me convinced all throughout the day, and when the clock chimed at five in the afternoon, I left without looking for her and headed straight to the cottage to shower.

I had a date tonight, and I was bloody fucking going to enjoy it whether memories of her gyrating on my hand the night before kept replaying in my mind or not.

*

"What's wrong with you tonight?" Holly whispered into my ear as she rubbed my chest. "You seem to have a lot on your mind."

We were surrounded by my friends Felix, Benjamin, Tom, and Rory in one of the hip pubs in town. We lived around west of Kent in the quaint little town of Seven Oaks. I liked living in this town, but I couldn't help wondering what life would be like in London. Though I know that would be wishful thinking. There wasn't much going on with my life.

After high school, I would be helping my father and would take over his role after he retired. Some people asked if I had any other ambition besides being a gardener, and to be quite honest, I had never really considered the idea of doing anything else. Sure, I had dreamt of seeing the world; however, that didn't mean it'd happen to me someday. I knew they were dreams, and dreaming usually remained in the imagination when it came to people like me.

One of my strongest suits was mathematics, and software programming did interest me to a point until I found out how much tuition was going to cost. Then I immediately dropped the idea. My parents were getting old, and I didn't want to be a burden for much longer. They deserved to relax and get to do the things they had planned for themselves. I wasn't a selfish toad to take that away from them merely because I wanted to make something of myself. If the day ever came that they no longer needed me, I was determined to pursue whatever I wanted. Then I'd be doing it of my own accord, without inhibiting my parents.

"Earth to Reiss?" Holly snapped her fingers in front of my face, annoyingly trying to get my attention since I had purposely ignored her questions minutes prior.

"Nothing. Not a damn thing." I gave her a deadpan look, hoping she'd quit being so nosy. "I'm quite knackered is all. I had an exhausting day." Well, it was mostly because I had lacked sleep due to not being quite able to concentrate on anything other than one bloody person. The person being a girl, a girl I couldn't stop thinking about, one who had asked me to meet her again in a few hours.

I didn't have to think deeply about what would be my response to her request of meeting her again. Deciding not to show up would be the most sensible thing to do. This-whatever it was-could not bloody go on. I could see Mr. Watson's stern face and Mrs. Watson's snotty bloody expression if they ever found out their daughter was mingling amongst the lesser kind. I wouldn't get very far. I treasured my parents too much to ever put them in such a situation.

Downing a few more pints, Holly and I decided to call it a night. She lived with her sister a few blocks down the road, and staying the night over at her flat would be much more convenient since I doubted I could get myself home in my current condition. Besides, I didn't want another run-in with Ava.

Getting into bed with Holly wasn't a difficult ordeal. She had been after me for quite some time. After our first date, the woman hadn't said the word "no" yet. She was always willing, accommodating to whatever I asked of her. That was one of the things I enjoyed about being with her. She was easy going and demanded very little of me, and tonight, I needed a hefty load of distraction.

It was ten to five in the morning when I woke up with Holly's naked body sticking to me like glue. Carefully releasing her languid form, I closed my eyes and began to massage my temples. My head throbbed from too much alcohol, and I could still feel it working in my system. Should I stay and sleep for a few more hours, or should I quietly leave and try to catch a quick nap at home before work? In the end, I concluded the hour was safe, and I could very well go home without interruption.

Grunting, I slowly reached over towards Holly before giving her a kiss on the lips. "I'm leaving. Rest well. I'll see you in a bit."

She barely cracked her eyes in small slits before dozing back into a deep coma.

Shaking my head with a tiny smile, I started putting my clothes on. It didn't take long until I was out the door and well on my way home. Usually, I took my motorcycle with me, but lately, walking and getting some fresh air whilst drunk had been quite enjoyable. And since it was summertime and the season merely lasted for a short while, I wanted to relish the heat and the beauty of my surroundings. Summer time in the English countryside could be lovely.

Just as I had anticipated, my day began with a massive headache. It always went this way when I went past five glasses of beer. After I had gotten back home, sleep had evaded me. All I had done the entire time in bed was wonder how things might have been had I showed up in the garden last night. All things aside, I knew it would have been a night I wouldn't forget.

All day, I waited for her to show up and furiously demand why I hadn't followed through with her request, but much to my dismay and surprise, Ava was nowhere in sight. A part of me argued she had merely been bored and that's why she had done what she had, although none of it meant anything, really. Then there was the opposing part that reasonably argued that a woman of her sort wouldn't simply come up to guy she barely knew and do the sort of intimate things a teenager would do without a motive. And since I hadn't a clue what that motive was, I pondered most about it, wondering what if ...

By mid-afternoon, I was trimming the hedges that came up to my waist when I caught something out of my peripheral vision.

Ava.

She was striding out of the indoor pool patio, donning an electric blue bikini. The three tiny patches of triangles barely concealed anything, leaving me little doubt as to what she looked like underneath. Lust soared into my cock, causing my balls to be in a pained and constrained state. Her lustrous inky hair was left free, cascading down her back, perfecting that "just out of bed" look that made horny guys like me think of one thing ... sex. Shagging. And more shagging.

Blasted fuck, I wanted her so badly. I instantly had the urge to stop myself mid-workday and wank off at the sight of her readying to sunbathe. She was facing the opposing rectangular outdoor pool as her eyes scanned about the area, looking around. Since I had hidden myself behind the hedges and had been acting like the obvious peeping tom I secretly was, I almost groaned when I saw her reach to her back and untie the knot of her bikini. Then she did the same with the knot behind her neck. With her back to me, I could easily appreciate the beautiful arch of her back and the pert, firm bottom she had.

Losing a part of my brain, I scanned the perimeter to see if Father was nearby and was relieved to know he was still on the other side of the estate, minding his precious rose bushes. I swiftly took my gloves off and hurriedly tended to my aching cock.

With my hand gripping the base of it, I started to massage the throbbing shaft as I peeped through holes in the hedges, finding her on the day lounger, eyes shut as she comfortably listened to the music flittering through her tiny ear buds. Her firm breasts were gloriously on display, basking in the sunrays as her nipples pebbled, thrusting their beautiful peaks heavenward, vying for attention. My undivided attention as I jerked my dick fastidiously. Menacingly. Desperately.

With my eyes partially closed, I daydreamed of making my way towards her almost naked state, awakening her with my lips securely enclosed on one of those delightful peaks, sucking on one of those teeny buds as I fondled the other. I was a breast kind of man. I didn't want them particularly humongous; rather, I liked them a tad more than a handful, firm and perky. The kind where I could endlessly smother myself all night and day and wouldn't complain a damn word about it. Most of all, I imagined her cupping both breasts as I slid my cock in between them, furiously fucking her there.

It didn't take another minute until I manically unloaded my nut into the hedges.

Staring into the white cream, I felt no shame whatsoever at what I had done. This was beyond perverted, yet I seemed to have had no hold of my urgencies when I had seen that she was about to bare her breasts to broad daylight.

What could a seventeen-year-old guy like me do? It was simply inevitable. So was getting my hands on her again. Truly beyond unavoidable.

Chapter 9

That same night, my friends asked me to go out drinking again, but I declined them, excusing myself with the pretense of a mild headache. Same went with Holly, though this time, I told her my mother wanted to have family time and wouldn't take no for an answer.

I usually didn't resort to white lies unless it was important. Somehow, my reasoning had convinced me it was. Pursuing Ava after I had declined her would require thorough planning. Above all, I had to make sure no one knew. Maybe I was letting my raging hormones get in the way. Regardless, at this instant, I couldn't think of anything or anyone except her. It would either get my fill of my drug of choice or keep on getting these vivid, random flashbacks that never failed to leave me in a state of desperate compulsion of touching myself; whether it was in the safe confines of my bedroom or out in public. Therefore, for my sanity's sake and the sake of the people around the estate, I had to do something. Otherwise, I might simply take on the urge of touching my private bits whilst working.

My first plan was to go back to the spot where we had crossed paths in the garden. Consequently, I went with my gut and aimlessly made my way there at half past ten, hoping I'd have enough time to sort my thoughts out because they had been invaded by images of her and her glorious globes. The things that entered my head were beyond obscene, and I couldn't help it. She brought out the naughty side of me, and her wickedness the other night merely teased this part of me.

I wanted her hot, wanting, desperate for me to do the little bad things she evoked in me. Never in my life had I felt this reckless need to be with a girl. Sure, fucking had always come easily to me; however, this type of senseless desperation that brought out the animalistic tendencies was something new all together. Maybe it was because I knew nothing could come out of it, even if something was to happen between us. Or maybe it was the blatant fact that she was a forbidden fruit that made it difficult to resist. Or maybe it could simply be because she was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen, and staying away from her was never going to be an option from the get-go. Whatever the answer was, it was lost on me.

A male had two brains. One located up north and the other down south. The southern hub had only one purpose and agenda and that was to copulate.

Reaching the lake, I found the spot where she and I had met the other night and patiently sat on a nearby log, hoping the siren was coming out tonight. Listening to the sound of the night made by the nocturnal animals, humming and squeaking in the background, made me more aware of how alone I was out here.

Patiently trying to distract myself with my phone, I noted it had been half an hour since I had arrived. And, since it was still early, I resorted to web browsing. However, this attempt at occupying myself didn't last very long.

After convincing myself this first part of my plan was plain stupid, I decided I had to move along to Plan B. This time, I hoped the little stunt of mine would be progressive and not as fallible as the first one.

Getting up, I hastily dusted off my pants before heading towards the manor. The walk took me about fifteen minutes until I found myself looking up towards her bedroom window, which was unsurprisingly brightly lit with music playing. There were four sets of windows in her bedroom and all of them were tightly shut.

Just my stroke of luck, I painfully noted as my mind tried to convince me this ludicrous idea was juvenile and risky. I mean, what would I do if Ava found me and started screaming bloody murder? How in the world would I get away with that?

Regardless, as I looked up, bunching my fists simultaneously, my mind tried to rationalize the pros and cons, weighing out the chances I was ready to gamble on, hoping my instincts would lead me to untroubled pursuits tonight.

My hesitation didn't last, and before I knew it, my hands and feet were on the wooden plank fence, pushing and brushing away the thick vines as I climb upwards. The fence was sturdy; as a result, it didn't take me very long until I reached one of her windows, finally seeing what her bedroom was like for the first time.

There was a lot of white, pink, and black accents all throughout. It was remarkably girly, yet the shade of black made it less teeny-boppy and princess-y.

Roving my eyes to the left, I found what I had been searching for all evening.

Gripping the ends of the wooden fence, I craned my neck to get a better view of her stretching on the mat, doing downward dog in matching black, itty-bitty shorts and a sports bra. Her splendid arse was facing me, stretching and bending, as if to entice me some more. For a quick second, I sent out a mighty thank you prayer to the guardians above.

From what I could see, she was doing some breathing exercises as she remained in her downturned position. She did this for a few more minutes before she started flexing her heel, shifting from one foot to the other. I could condition myself to stay here forever and watch her do whatever exercises she got herself into, but the second I felt my pre-cum leak out, I knew I better do something to get myself inside the damn room or forever hold my piece behind closed windows.

Without preamble, I gently tapped on the glass with my knuckles, hoping the sound could be heard over her music. Much to my dismay, it seemed the gods needed me to try harder. Knocking with much force and effort, I didn't halt my banging until I truly had received her undivided attention.

At first, her bluish purple eyes bulged out of their sockets before she recovered, giving me an eye roll. Strolling towards me, she sensually swayed her hips effortlessly. It was a strut known to men as "the catwalk," and it demanded all of my attention, including my approving rock hard member.

Opening the window, Ava faced me with boredom imprinted on her face, as though to tell me I was no longer that intriguing to her. Her standoffish nature opposed the sensual woman I had encountered two nights prior.

Call it ego or male pride, but I hadn't expected this kind of welcome from her. I must say my injured ego needed reassurance and reaffirmation. Re-strategizing was in order.

"I thought I'd stop by to say hi," I started while I trained my eyes not to ogle the breasts that had gotten me off this afternoon, simply focusing on her gorgeous face. "I wasn't sure if you came out last night but thought I should apologize for my absence anyway." Pausing, I probed into her eyes, hoping she'd know I meant the words. "Well, I'll let you get back to your stretching. I'll see you around. Have a lovely night, Ava." Using one of the smiles that usually got women to lower their barriers, I started counting, hoping she'd stop me any second as I slowly maneuvered my body to retrace my way down the plank fence.

One.

Two.

Three.

Four.

"Wait-" She sounded worried. "Where are you going?"

Brilliant was my name. Glancing up towards her, I gave her a steady look before climbing up again until her face was a few centimeters from mine. "Did you ask me something?"

"Where are you off to?" Her eyes took me in with that look that women got when they wanted something. Or someone.

"Somewhere ... nowhere in particular. It's one of those nights ..." I trailed off, hoping she'd finish the sentence and get the hint. She was biting her lip while my eyes gathered how her nipples became prominent as the seconds ticked away.

My chest soared at the anticipation that was building between us. Even breathing this close to her felt like the air was below zero since it was starting to hurt my nostrils and lungs.

"You can come in if you like." Her eyes were on my lips before she heatedly lifted her gaze to my green one. "And help me stretch."

Damn. She was hinting with major innuendoes. My wayward imagination boldly ran rampant.

"Sure," I said noncommittally. "Just tell me what to do."

"Of course," she chimed before opening the window wider for my entry, welcoming me into her bedroom.

Unperturbed, I gradually walked around her room that seemed like it was the entire size of the cottage we were living in, checking every knick-knack she had on display. She seemed to have an odd fascination in a punk looking penguin character.

"Cute." I tried to hide my smile as I pressed my lips together before taking the pint-sized stuffed penguin and giving it a light shake. "Penguins are your thing?"

"Not all penguins, only Bad Badtz-Maru." She piped up right behind me before protectively taking the Bad badoo something or other out of my hands. "My father was in Japan, and when he came back, it was April's Fools Day, and coincidentally, it was his birthday, too. I was eight at the time, so I let him join my tea party."

"How welcoming of you." Picturing her playing pretend as an eight-year-old little girl melted me a little.

I was lost in thought when she playfully smacked Bad Badoo on my cheek. "I was eight and Bad was cute. You can't fault me for wanting to keep him around."

Raising my brow, I teased her some more. "So only cute things could be kept around you?" Wiggling my brows, I grinned wider. "Does that mean you find me pleasing to your eyes and that's why you invited me in?"

"Stretching." She provocatively licked her lips. "You're here to help me stretch ... and maybe entertain me a little, but I'll decide on that later if you behave."

I'd act however she wanted me to. Hell, I'd even play fetch if that got her approval. I'd do whatever, as long as the ending remained the same.

"Whatever you wish, Ava ..." Murmuring the words, our eyes connected for a fraction. It was quick, yet I felt this potent pull of connection with her. It simply left me speechless.

Chapter 10

"I'm ready whenever you are."

Watching her with fascination as she retreated back to her mat, my body felt wrung out from the anticipation of being close to her again.

She got to her stomach, lifting her head halfway before she situated her hands behind her head with interlocked fingers. "Come up behind me with your knees on the sides of my hips then gently wrap your hands around my elbows and stretch me slowly, lifting me up steadily."

Okay, that wasn't so hard.

Remembering her instructions, I held my breath as I parted my legs on the sides of her hips. I lowered myself to my knees, clasping around her elbows, and then softly applied pressure as I unhurriedly lifted her upper body. From this angle, her breasts were magnificent. Add this to the fact that she was breathing through her mouth, gasping short breaths as her body adjusted to the muscle compression, and I was struggling to keep my composure because I was mesmerized staring at them. We did this a few more times before she announced she was done for the night.

"Maybe you should stop pretending you're not having a difficult time trying not to stare at me. We could even use it as a conversation starter." She was pretty direct, and it intimidated and intrigued me all the more.

"You're a beautiful girl wearing bits of clothing. It's rather hard to ignore the bits, if you must know."

Ava smirked, eyeing me wildly. "Do you fancy me, Reiss?" she murmured, closing the gap between us.

My throat bobbed before rasping out the truth. "More than words could ever describe."

I was in pure torment with this lust of mine. She enthralled me. From the moment she had captured my attention, I had been a lost cause.

"Good." Her left hand reached out to touch my chest before it rested against where my heart lay beating. "Do you often think of me after that night?" Gazing up to me, she gave me an expectant look.

There was no point in lying. "You are all I've thought about ... even if I tried not to."

"Tell me more about these thought of yours, Reiss."

That was rather tough to elaborate on, really. I didn't want to disrespect her. No, that would be the last thing I'd ever do. However, I could go about it in such a sense that could partially enlighten what I'd been dreaming about.

"I think you're the most beautiful girl I have ever set my eyes upon, Ava." Clearing my throat, I continued on. "You're captivating ... alluring. You have a way of getting into my mind like no one has ever dared. Your direct approach leaves me speechless. You terrify me, and I simply can't get enough of you."

"You want more of me?"

"Without a doubt," I said succinctly. "I want more."

Reaching to get a hold of my hand, she brought my fingers to her lips, staring up at me with a deadpan expression. "Have you ever thought of my lips? Have you wondered how they would feel against yours? How they would taste on your tongue?"

Fuck. Me. Sideways.

"Yes, yes, and yes."

"Perfect." Her eyes glinted as she used her hand to trail my fingers against the smoothness of her cheek before she brought it to her neck. "Do you like the feel of my skin?"

She felt glorious.

"Everything about you ..." I had a rough time getting my words out since my cock had stirred to its bloody full potential. "I think you're perfection, Ava."

"You're too sweet, Reiss. That's what I like about you."

I wasn't necessarily sweet, but with her, it was effortless. I couldn't help it. She was the loveliest thing I had ever seen.

She then purposely trailed my fingers above the creamy valley of her breasts, brushing along their softness from left to right, making me groan.

"Do you like these breasts? Do they make you hot and hard?"

Christ Almighty. What the utter fuck?

"They're pure excellence, Ava." These lovely globes had tormented me since this afternoon; I hadn't thought of much since.

"And what about this?" She brought my fingers towards her flat, toned stomach. "Do you like this? Her brow arched before she bit into her lip as she motioned my hand farther south, reaching into her heated crevice. "Or do you prefer this better?"

"Ava-" I was in agony. I hadn't been this hard since I had first figured out masturbation.

"Is there something wrong, Reiss?" She portrayed beautiful, feigned innocence, as if she wasn't the cause of my miserable disposition.

"You know bloody well what you're doing to me," I hissed out the words as though my life depended on them. "My cock's been a raging inferno ever since you let me touch your sweet pussy." Anguished, I let my thumb rub along the spot that was barely covered by polyester fabric.

When I heard her moan my name, I ground my thumb farther into her, hoping she'd let me see her fully naked instead of like the last time when she still had her clothes on.

Dear Lord, I was dying. I felt like my emotions were an unbelievable compound of lust, need, want, and all these unfulfilled desires to the point that I was bound to combust at any second.

"You poor thing." She shook her head in disapproval. Then her next gesture caught me off guard. She cupped my balls before rubbing the rigid shaft within my trousers. "Am I helping you soothe the ache?" she wickedly murmured, making me all the more frustrated.

"A little." I hoped to God she wasn't toying with me. Because, if she was, I wasn't sure where to go from here. Perhaps, I could die from Blue Balls Syndrome. Yeah, that was highly likely.

She made a purring sound when my hips thrust harder into her hand, needing more, so much more, of her.

"Touch me," I begged, uncaring if I sounded desperate anymore.

One of her wicked, teasing looks appeared, bound to make me suffer further. "Not yet ..."

Not yet? Bloody hell.

Desperately needing to communicate the urgency of my condition, I managed to shift the power to me as I steered us against the pillar that was situated in the middle of the room. "You like to tease? Well, let me return the favor, princess." Just as I finished stating the last word, I didn't hesitate to assault her luscious lips, kissing her hard, kissing her with all that I had.

Ava tasted like a piece of heaven with a little forbidden on the side. She tasted like ambrosia. Life had a warped way of making one addicted to something so good, so out of this world, that too much consumption of its goodness never failed to put a person in a bind. I knew for a fact that I was hooked, too. Come what may, I'd tackle it just so I could keep having this sweetness on my lips.

The kiss was so consuming my hands didn't bother to roam anywhere else to cop a feel. Instead, they were cradling her face, never wanting it to end. Her lips battled with the same fervor and enthusiasm as mine. We became suspended from the rest of the world, only feeling us and this one sacred moment we were experiencing.

She broke off the kiss with her eyes closed, panting, undoubtedly just as shaken as I was from the potent power that had occurred.

"I want you, more than words could ever express." Seeking her eyes, I wanted to see everything in those enthralling, beautiful, blue-violet irises of hers. I craved to see pleasure, shock, passion, and whatever emotion one could provoke from a person; I wanted to see it and claim it as my own.

She hadn't stopped panting, making her chest heave as it pressed against mine, attaining my undivided attention. Without disconnecting our gaze, my hands sought her breasts, cupping them roughly as I weighed them in my hands, gently squeezing as I challenged her with my eyes. I was waiting for her to tell me to stop, to tell me where my boundaries were, but the only thing that came out of her softly parted lips were soft gasps that told me she wasn't completely against my forward moves.

Impassioned, I lowered my determined lips before my over-eager tongue snaked out to taste her puckered rosebud nipple.

"Reiss!" she groaned, feeling heady at the sensations my ministrations were producing on her breasts.

As much as I wanted to get to the finish line, I knew I had to take my time in getting her aroused. I needed her in a state of no return so she'd beg me to take her. All of her.

Watching her through lust-filled eyes, I continued my journey of discovering her sensitive areas, kissing my way down to her navel as my hands never parted from her breasts. Once I reached the stretchy band of her nylon shorts, the tip of my nose caressed the area where her womb was located before lowering towards her pussy.

Her legs immediately parted as I buried my nose in her heat and inhaled the scent that soaked her shorts. The potent smell of her pussy provoked the animal in me. She was so wet and ready it drove me a little mad, too maddening perhaps. I became entirely too hasty at lowering her shorts down to her ankles before driving my mouth into her heat without stopping to check if she was okay with it.

With the use of my tongue, I parted her pussy lips, my tongue taking a long sweep of her hot cunt, tasting her sweet essence. Lips, tongue, and fingers all became my instruments to take her to orgasm, rocking her wet core against my mouth, driving her desire as it took her for a wild experience.

Ava was still coming down from her orgasm high when I kissed her deeply as my hands busied themselves discarding my trousers and boxer briefs. Once my cock sprung free from clothing suffocation, I situated myself between her thighs. My hips rocked as I slid in against her silky skin while I kissed her more hungrily compared to the last time. She responded in the same manner-fervent and seeming out of control.

My cock reached its destination, nestling against the silky wetness of her cunt, sliding against its heat. I began losing myself into the frenzied sensation.

"You feel incredible...just fucking perfect."

Her moans became my calling as my hips ground deeper into her, demanding her legs to part farther.

"I'm dying to be inside you, Ava." My plea came out in a rush.

"Reiss ..." she gasped, contemplating, "what are you doing to me?"

"I have to be inside you-this instant."

"I can't-not yet." She took her hands off me, giving us a small breathing space before she sought my eyes with a distinct look I didn't get to see often in the female population.

Did I do something wrong to make her hesitate? I wasn't quite sure. Besides, she was the one who had instigated sexual advances, so it couldn't be because she didn't want me.

"Please, I beg of you," I said as I pulled her back for a kiss, one she easily parted her lips for.

In between our kisses, she sighed before saying, "I'm a virgin."

I paused before I looked at her, as if I was seeing her for the first time. How could one be so sexually aggressive and at the same time not have experienced it fully?

"Tell me that this is your poor attempt at twisted humor."

She shook her head, not denying what she had previously stated. "I'm sorry I didn't warn you beforehand."

Flabbergasted, it took me awhile to recover from her revelation. "It's fine," I tried to reassure her, hoping I could reassure myself, as well.

"Let me stroke you. I don't want to make it seem like I'm being selfish," she offered with an apologetic smile. She truly did seem like she was sorry about not warning me in the beginning.

But even though I was about to crack from frustration, I somehow found myself kissing her softly before I kissed her forehead. "Shhh, don't look so sad. I'll be okay as long as you are fine."

"Seriously, let me help you, Reiss."

She was adamant, and at this point, I didn't want to keep teasing myself without seeing relief in a way that I had wanted. Besides, I was willing to wait if the outcome was the same.

"How about we do something else? We can watch a movie and cuddle in your bed ..."

She raised her brow, glancing at me skeptically. "If you swear you won't hold this against me, then yes, I'd love to watch a movie."

God she was adorable as well as sexy. Perfect, she truly was.

"I swear I won't hold this Blue Ball Syndrome against you, Ava." I smirked as I plucked her bare bottom up and hauled it over my shoulders before I threw her on her fluffy, lavender-colored bed and tackled her lips one more time.

Chapter 11

After that night, we spent endless nights in her bed, eating, watching movies, and getting to know one another. Of course, I hadn't halted our physical activities, though each time she wanted to do something to me, I immediately told her to stop. Ava would always appear to be offended, but it wasn't necessarily because I wasn't confident she could pleasure me, which she thought was the main reason behind my reluctance. That was far from it.

Truth be told, I was more frightened that I wouldn't be able to hold myself back, and this easily breakable self-control I had been practicing since I had met her was on the verge of toppling. What then? What happened if I couldn't control myself? I didn't want to put her in a position where she'd be afraid of me. That was the last thing I needed. Besides, I was perfectly content catering to her and her alone.

That's bloody right. Holly was out of the equation. I had to eventually let her go since Ava wasn't so keen on having girls call when we were together, asking if I wanted to come to their homes and hangout. At first, I wasn't onboard with the idea, but after I thought hard and pictured if things were reversed, I realized I'd demand the same thing. Therefore, after making a decision, I carried out her request the next day, eradicating the rest of the opposite sex from my contact list.

Since my personal life had gone underground and incognito, my friends had recently accused of me abandoning them for a new addiction. I hadn't necessarily abandoned them, more like taking a mild hiatus from drinking and horsing about. And as much as I hated to admit it, Ava had become my addiction. There wasn't an hour of the day I didn't think of her. Even when I worked, I'd roam around the estate just so I could have a distant glimpse of her.

From time to time, she'd appear out of nowhere and say hello. To onlookers, she might appear cordial, yet her eyes told me otherwise. She loved to tease and see what she could get away with, and she used this advantage to the maximum.

Each day that passed made me realize how important she was in my life. Thus far, our heavily guarded secret was safe.

I wasn't sure what came over me one night when I spontaneously blurted "I love you" out of the blue while she and I were trying to sleep. Right after I said the words, I realized the weight of them and how much they rang true to what I was feeling inside. I was in love with her, and I wasn't ever going to take it back.

Ava hadn't said a thing. Instead, she showed her response through her body, kissing and engaging me in endless antics that left tremors running hot all over me.

I fell in love with her in ways I had never imagined myself, the notorious serial dater, to be capable of. I was entirely hell-bent and obsessive over a woman who secretly loved glitter, a virgin who masturbated on a daily basis, had two left feet whilst dancing, backgammon and chess enthusiast, and an all-around chef in the kitchen.

Yes, I was hopelessly crazy about the fact that she made the best steak pie. I'm quite particular about them, but she brushed me off, stating she'd make me one, maybe even better than my mother's. I thought her bluffing, although when she brought it to me one night, I salivated as I whiffed the scent of the freshly baked crust and the smell of scrumptious meat. To top it off, she did truly make the better one compared to my mum's. I knew then the decision was done. I was hers.

Fully, irrevocably, passionately hers.

Of course, things weren't all that perfect. I still had to climb the wood fence as discreetly as possible. When I saw her about, I had to pretend she didn't affect me greatly, which was quite tough while my father was around.

Apparently, Mrs. Watson religiously took a sleeping pill at ten in the evening, which gave Ava ultimate freedom to do as she pleased in the house. However, when Mr. Watson, her father, was around, I couldn't visit her in her room because he was a light sleeper. Consequently, on the nights her father was home, I had to wait for her in the garden for hours on end so I could kiss her and be with her for an hour or two.

There were times in those crucial waiting moments in the garden where I pondered what I wanted to come out of my relationship with her. Ultimately, I would always end up reassuring myself that she'd fight for me somehow. I wasn't blind; I knew she was falling for me, too, even though she didn't want to say the words out loud. I understood her fears. We were still young, and getting beyond serious would derail a lot of things for us, but as much as I agreed and supported her claims, I couldn't help how I felt for her. And telling her each day, each night, how much I loved and adored her became a normal ritual for me.

After we passed the one-month mark, I was almost certain we were going to be absolutely fine together. That was, up until her mother caught us kissing in the garden while I took a break from work. At first, I thought I'd apologize for my behavior, yet when I heard her shriek at Ava, hurling insults at her before she ordered her to go inside the house and to take her hands off my filth, I knew she wasn't the kind to accept love and sincerity over money or prestige. She had eyed me with evident disdain in her face, as if I was nothing more than the dirt I tended to everyday.

My apology was long forgotten as I experienced immense loathing towards the woman who bore and nurtured the love of my life. I simply kept my mouth shut during her whole duration of toxic spiel as Ava watched in horror from inside the house.

After catching a glimpse of her tear-stained face, I carried myself away from there and left to go home early. Hearing hurtful words from someone I had barely met made me feel all sorts of things. I felt violent, unworthy, hateful, and most of all, doubtful that things would go anywhere with Ava after what had happened today.

Spending the rest of the day in my bedroom, I ignored her calls or messages, asking if I was okay and incessantly apologizing for her mother's horrid behavior. It hurt me to ignore her attempts in trying to heal the damage her mum had caused, but I was too deep in my misery to do much else. I was so affected dinner or the mere idea of eating gave me stomach pains.

I felt like I needed to sleep this off and prayed I'd feel less than half-toxic tomorrow. Because, even though I didn't believe Mrs. Watson's words, it still stained me. It stained my values and beliefs and the very man I thought myself to be. I despised her for that.

My night had gone as planned, with no interruptions from the outside world as I relished having some alone time, licking my wounded pride and ego.

All was well until Ava decided to show up, knocking on my windowsill. "What are you doing here?" I hissed before I stared at my door, hoping my father didn't hear her knocking on the glass. She didn't seem like her usual bright-eyed self; nevertheless, she still looked exceptionally breathtaking.

Brows furrowing, she glanced at my hands that still held the window. "You're not going to invite me in?" she asked skeptically, and when I didn't answer, the frown deepened. "After what happened today, can you really blame me for needing to see you? You weren't picking up my calls, and I became worried."

"I'm fine." I made a regretful sigh. "I just needed some alone time to cool off. I didn't mean to ignore you if that was what you were worried about."

I still hadn't decided if letting her inside my bedroom would be wise since both of my parents were asleep across the hall. If they suspected I had someone here, they might barge in uninvited. The last thing I needed was for them to give me a lecture about being with Ava.

"Look," I started saying as I raked a hand over my hair, frustrated at how unfair life was becoming, "tonight's not a good time. We'll talk tomorrow, yeah?" My attempt at giving her a reassuring smile didn't do much to dispel her and her worries. I immediately wanted to erase the pain that was creasing her pretty face. "I'm sorry, but it'll be okay. I promise."

Leaning over the partially opened window, I reached for her lips, slightly kissing her. The soft brush of her lips made me shiver a little, causing me to be all the more aware I had fallen madly in love with her.

"Let me be with you tonight, even just for an hour or two," she begged, cupping my cheek as she kissed me deeply. "We don't even have to talk. I just want to be with you, Reiss. I need to be with you, or I won't leave at all." She wasn't bluffing. Her unwavering face said it all. If I denied her entry, she'd most likely cause a raucous, which was what I didn't want.

Feeling beaten, I extended my arms to widen the window opening, giving in to her plea. She didn't even say a word or smile before she climbed over the sill, nor did she dare to look back at me as she purposely made her way towards my bed. She then slid into the sheets, curling up to one side, facing away from me.

Her usual sunny demeanor was what I was accustomed to; as a result, seeing her this way, saddened by her mother's rotten tongue, made me feel a tad hopeless. What would a man say to make a daughter feel better about their mother's severe attitude? I was unsure how to approach this. To be quite clear, I had zero encounters with women like Mrs. Watson. Sure, there were gossipmongers and the like, but nothing of her sort-the kind that felt privileged and like the rest of humanity was below her standards. If my mother turned out to be that way, it would certainly be disheartening to see.

Securing the window shutter, I took my time before I strolled back to bed with Ava appearing peaceful and asleep, although I knew for a fact she was awake. Slipping next to her in bed, I pulled her against my body before placing a kiss against her shoulder blade.

"You can talk if you like ... whispering would be much appreciated."

She seemed to be holding her breath, and it took her about a full minute before she shifted her position to face me with our noses almost touching. "I have no words to tell you how sorry I am. What my mum did was unfounded and untrue. Please don't let her get to you. She's just trying to manipulate the situation by shaming you so you'll leave me be."

"I know, Ava. I know what she was trying to do." Of course I did; however, it didn't change the fact that her words had hurt. Because they had. I understood she had been directing her hate at me, but to include my parents and call them names? Well, that had definitely fired my blood.

Looking at the bigger picture and trying to be optimistic, the only thing that mattered was Ava's opinion, and she didn't share her mother's view. Well, I hoped to God she didn't. She wasn't like that from what I had seen. Though she had the tendency to be a spoiled princess, she didn't rub it in people's faces. Besides, she wouldn't go out of her way to reject her mother's demands about not seeing me if I didn't mean something to her. She must feel something. I knew, deep down, she did, or this profound feeling I had for her wouldn't be so powerful.

"Ava ..." I whispered, seeking her eyes. "I'm crazy about you. You must know that." She appeared to be teary, making me even more protective of her. "And you also must know that no one can make me stay away from you; no one can separate me from being with you except you, Ava. You and you alone have the power to drive me away. No one else."

I haven't known the power of love until this moment, vowing I would never leave her side, would never betray her heart unless she told me to go away. I was crazy in love with her, and I would rather take all of Mrs. Watson's hurtful, derogatory words than be without her. I'd take all the pain her mother was willing to bestow because I'd fight for the right to love her daughter, no matter the cost.

"Reiss ..." she sobbed, more tears welling up in her sullen eyes as she softly whispered, "make love to me."

I froze on the spot, wondering if I had heard her correctly.

"Ava, you're upset. You don't have to sacrifice anything to make me feel better. It might not have seemed like it earlier, but just seeing you tonight made me feel better inside."

She shook her head, speaking her mind, "I want you on me ... all of you, Reiss, inside me."

Fuck, how often had I dreamt of her telling me this? Far too much, to be exact. After what had occurred today, I didn't want her regretting giving her virginity to me. It was sacred, and she should guard it until she was ready to give it away. As much as it pained me to reject her, I knew I should put her needs first, even though it might seem that she didn't want me to.

"Ava"-my voice hinted a warning-"you're not ready for this, especially not right after what happened with your mum. I understand you might be upset, but you must know that you don't have to do anything to keep me happy. Having you here is enough. Loving you is enough for me."

"It might be enough for you..." she countered without batting an eyelid, "but it isn't for me, Reiss. I want this-I want you," she passionately declared, making me feel as if my lungs were full and about to combust. "I want to share something special, something beautiful with you. I want to feel this experience with you and no other man. So, please, stop turning me down and start showing me how much you love me."

"You have to think this through. You can't simply be sporadic about it," I insisted, hoping she'd change her mind. "Once you give it away, you can never take it back. I don't want you to ever regret your first time. I'd never forgive myself if you do."

As much as I would love to experience being inside her where no man had ever been, the worst thing I feared was for her to wake up the next morning and regret the fact that she had chosen me, someone so unworthy of her. I might not admit it out loud, but her mother's words had dug deep because she was right; I wouldn't be able to take care of her the way she needed to be taken care of. What could a bloke like me offer her? My future certainly didn't have millions attached to it. All I had was love. And, even though it sounded laughable to many, I had vowed to give her everything I had and would always treat her with respect and affection.

Seventeen might be too young to know what love was; however, I knew my heart was all hers. Every fiber in my body, my soul, my instincts knew she was the one. And that was one of the reasons I didn't want to jeopardize what we had at the moment for some sexual release. I wouldn't have it that way. What we had was too delicate and precious to risk for a night of pleasure.

"Sporadic ...? Why would you suggest such a thing?" She seemed disappointed in my choice of words. "I have known from the first time I saw you that I wanted it to be you. You unleash something scary inside me when you're around. Don't you see? I'm just as crazy as you are. I hadn't meant to take it this slow with you, but I'm glad I did. Even though it pained you to not go all the way with me, your restraint showed me just how much you felt for me. This past month has been nothing but exquisite torture, and I'd love nothing more than for you to show me what you've wanted to do all along."

Without hesitation, she slid from the bed and slowly stripped off her clothes before me until she was fully naked, exposing her neatly trimmed pussy.

My cock twitched in response as my eyes took in her pert breasts and toned body. I wanted her like no other, although I was still hesitant. Once we crossed this line, there was no taking it back, and I would want her all the bloody damn time. If I was addicted to her before sex, I'd surely be ten times more pathetic after experiencing her.

"I'm wet," she remarked as she joined me again, but this time, she straddled my hips, taking the lead. I only had my boxer briefs on, not much of a hindrance if Ava was serious about her mission. Having her at this angle made me groan as she slowly rocked her tight cunt against the fabric of my underwear.

"Shit-oh, shit!" she hissed, lost in the moment as she rocked her hips harder against me. "God, you feel so good. You're going to feel even more amazing fucking me."

Christ. Bloody. Mother fucking Christ. How filthy her mouth was and how arousing it was to hear it from her.

Watching in amazement, I became her instrument of pleasure as she almost reached her orgasm. I had to take control before her release, needing to take the lead before she got out of hand. Then things would definitely become insane. I needed to control the situation, or I'd handle this callously.

"You need to slow down, princess. You can't simply have an orgasm without my permission."

She made a husky laugh as I rolled her over on her back with me situated nicely between her thighs, thrusting as the protruding tip of my cock probed her pussy gently.

"Are you quite sure you're ready for this, Ava?" My hips thrust harder this time, teasing the hot opening of her canal, as we both groaned in unison at the delicious feeling it gave our bodies.

"Trust me, Reiss, if I wasn't, I wouldn't be naked with my legs wide open, inviting you in." She wrapped her arms around my neck, kissing me senselessly. "Make me yours, Mr. Chambers, or must I do it myself?"

She is truly wicked, I remarked internally while gazing down upon her lovingly.

She had taken my heart and everything else. I was all in-all hers.

I didn't need any more convincing that she was ready to go all the way. As much as I tried to be the righteous one, I couldn't deny us any longer. I needed her just as she needed me. Sex truly was different when you loved the other person. Tonight, sex didn't even exist; we were making love in the most carnal way possible. Even though it was her first time, she kept begging for me not to hold back. I felt every breath she took. Every single moan that escaped her lips. Most of all, I experienced her full trust when she gave me the signal to break her through.

The gift she exclusively gave me made me feel honored. And, though she hadn't said the words I longed to hear, tonight had sealed what I believed-she was truly in love with me.

Chapter 12

Two weeks later

Ava

Things became heated between Reiss and me. After that night I went to see him in the cottage, he and I hadn't gone a day without becoming one. Although, he did strongly suggest it might be healthy for us to skip a day or two because he didn't want me to be sick of him.

I appreciated his effort in trying to protect our relationship with abstinence, but it was me who had the toughest problem in curtailing my appetite. I couldn't help it; I just wanted him like I had never wanted anyone in my life before.

It came to the point where he went out to the pub with his friends, and out of the blue, I had this inane idea of seeing if he truly was there. He was there ... and so was his ex-lover.

I wasn't daft enough to think I was his first. Of course I knew he'd had girls fawning all over him and clamoring for his undivided attention. One look at those crystal green eyes and one could never look away. I definitely was one of his hopeless victims.

Reiss wouldn't break my heart-I knew that-but it certainly didn't curb the feelings of insecurity when I saw his ex openly flirting with him.

I didn't even hesitate in going inside the pub, bringing him to the nearest bathroom and letting him take me up against the stall. It was irrational; however, my primal instincts took ground, and I simply had to take action and declare what was mine. I was crazy for him, and sometimes I hated the fact that I was. So did my mother.

She too hated the idea of me possibly not ending things with Reiss, because she deemed him "bottom of the barrel" or a "filthy pig that was after money."

"You can't be serious about this abhorrent behavior of yours, Ava! I mean, what would my friends think if they found out my daughter-my only daughter-has been kissing a gardener? Our name would never be taken seriously again. We'd be the brunt of their jokes. I cannot have you ruining what your father's worked hard for. He won't tolerate this kind of shameful behavior."

My mother's cold, silvery eyes sharpened on me. "You better end this, or so help me God, I will tell your father everything. Do you hear me, young lady? I will tell him to cut your allowance, and you'll be looking for a job to sustain your lifestyle amongst friends. We shall see how long you'd last without support from us."

Her threats came daily, and I was on borrowed time. But, each time I tried to dwell on it, I couldn't fathom letting him go just yet. Therefore, I endured her cruel words, and most of the time, I'd lash back at her, stating she didn't know him like I did. But the other times, I had to wonder if my mother had spoken any truth. They did say parents knew better, didn't they?

So, yes, I was guilty of pondering what she had planted in my head. At times, my mother's never-ending, grueling sermons would turn to saving myself for the likes of Ashton Westwood, a long time close friend who happened to be my father's closest comrade's son. It was shameful to admit, but at those times, I would seek Reiss out for sex and avoid anything that dealt with emotions.

It was a cold-hearted thing to do; however, I couldn't help it. My mother's warnings had injected themselves deep into my psyche, and at the same time, I was fighting this indescribable connection I had with Reiss. It was rather tough to be in this position, but I couldn't sacrifice him just yet. I wasn't ready to let go, even though I knew the time would come when I eventually would have to. Because, if I was honest with myself, I had meant for this to be a summer fling, no strings attached. It wasn't right to think that way, yet when I had first seen Reiss, I just couldn't stay away. I had to do everything in my power for him to notice me and make him mine.

Even if my brain was giving me warnings, I didn't pay heed, because my body was in charge. It felt as though we had a magnetic pull, and I didn't have a choice in the matter. Him treating me like I walked on water was merely an added bonus. Never in my life had I had a guy give me such love and attention to the point that it made me feel guilty for leading him on, for leading us on without giving him an idea that I didn't have any plans in continuing this relationship once I headed back to boarding school.

In the very beginning, when our relationship was blossoming, I had attempted to tell him a few times. However, each time he gazed at me with such pure affection, I couldn't bear to break it to him. I just couldn't. It was cruel to keep him in the dark yet even crueler to break his trust.

Either way, I couldn't get away from this unscathed. As much as I avoided having the discussion with him, I knew I had to one day. Summer was halfway over; there wasn't much time left. But as the days went on, it became harder to even think about.

Then, one day, life decided to step in and give me a glaring reason to follow through.

It was on a Saturday afternoon when things started to go downhill for me. Ashton along with several common friends came to see me for an unexpected visit. All five of us, consisting of three guys and two girls, had grown up together since our parents were all interconnected through friends and family.

My instincts were screaming at me to drag them away to the nearest hotel or volley back to London and spend the weekend there. However, seeing how my friends looked pleasantly comfortable, lounging about the sitting room, it would be rather impossible to drag them out. Maybe I should wait a few hours or so until I brought up the brilliant idea of spending time somewhere else.

Appearing bright and cheerful, I immediately played the perfect hostess, offering refreshments and tea sandwiches. We were in the garden room that was decorated in white with a lot of glass panes and a wide French door that led to the well-tended gardens. It served as our receiving/lounge room because it had quiet elegance, and the view was quite magnificent. It was one of my favorite places in the house and one I had used to gaze at Reiss as he went about his business.

Reiss. Drat.

"Did we catch you at an awful time? You don't seem too ecstatic to see us." Ashton comfortably sat next to me, gazing at me as if he had missed me.

Feigning a smile, I appeared gleeful enough, yet deep down, I was a nervous wreck. "Of course I am happy to see you all. I just hadn't expected it. I thought we were meeting in London in two weeks. You could've at least warned me about it." Had he done so, I could've had time to mentally prepare myself instead of being panicky about the situation.

"And what?" He beamed. "Ruin the surprise? I think not." His fingers caught a stand of my hair before aimlessly twirling it around.

Ashton's habits consisted of always trying to touch me whenever he could. He had been my first kiss, after all. He and I had been on and off for as long as I could remember. We were on when we saw each other and off when we didn't. My holidays always had him in them, and this time, I was almost positive he was thinking we were back in the on phase. It would have been fine except Reiss was still in the picture. As a result, I was back to my dilemma.

"I've missed you, Ava."

Giving him a weary look, I tried to say something that would dispel him from gazing at me with adoration, but nothing came to mind. The thing was, I had missed him, too. I considered Ashton one of my closest friends. He and I were quite alike, and that was why we got on so well.

"I have to talk to you about something ..." the words finally found their way out, but the receiver didn't seem to get the hint.

"Come here, love, and give me a proper kiss." He tried to pull me close; however, I gave him a slashing look before I diverted my eyes towards where our friends were sitting and chatting, making it appear I was unwilling to do a major PDA display in front of our peers.

"Can we do that later?" My heart was beating so fast I almost sounded breathless. I needed to get out of here quickly before I hyperventilated due to massive anxiety. "I, uh, need to check on something."

Gradually getting back on my feet, I let my eyes roam towards the food on the table and had the brilliant idea to replenish some of the sandwiches and see if there were freshly baked pastries to serve, as well.

"I'll be back with more nibbles," I said as I strode out of the garden room, lost in thought as I robotically navigated towards the kitchens.

Entering the busiest part of the house where our cooks bustled to prepare for dinnertime, I was about to ask Dasha if she could prepare some more hors d'oeuvres when the kitchen door opened across the room that led towards the back entry, and in came Reiss. The entryway was for catering and bringing in produce without using the main entrance, which my mother had a distinct request for "the help", as she odiously put it, not to ever use.

Since Reiss's mother was one of the household staff, it wasn't uncommon for him to come in and mingle with the other staff, but this was the first time we had been in the same room with people who might know or might not know about us. He was brightly beaming at me, and I was too perplexed to do anything other than stare at him.

Alarm bells were ringing inside my head. Ashton was in the other room, and I wasn't sure how to fully explain things with either Reiss or Ashton without causing an uproar between the men.

With my brain half-functioning, I addressed Dasha and requested more food as I ought to have done the second I emerged in the kitchen. I had gotten too distracted by unexpectedly seeing Reiss and feeling this immense sharp pain inside my chest when I came to realize how badly I'd missed him.

Too guilty to even glance in his direction, I gradually retreated as I tried to regulate my shaky breathing.

How in God's name did I break it to him? He'd been telling me he was crazy in love and he'd do anything to continue making me happy. Subsequently, this-what I was about to do later tonight-would truly make him hate me.

Halfway through my route towards the garden room, I had to halt my steps, stopping midway as I scrambled to the nearest powder room to gather my thoughts. I was hyperventilating and couldn't seem to get my bearings.

Things between Ashton and I were complicated, but with Reiss, things were simple. All he needed was me, and he never asked for much else. He never demanded, never urged for anything. He treated me like porcelain and never failed to make me feel beautiful.

His eyes ...Each time they landed on me, I always saw how much he cared, how much he adored and loved me. I hated myself for what was to come, yet I knew I had to do it. Nothing would come of us if I stayed with him.

"Ava?" A soft knock against the door made me jump to consciousness. "Can I come in?" Reiss's gentle voice asked softly.

I didn't say a thing; however, the door still opened as a cautious looking Reiss entered. The moment he saw me leaning against the washbasin, his infectious smile appeared, making me feel all the more like a truly horrid human being.

"Hey, princess," he greeted as he crossed the space dividing us. "Everything okay? I had to come in to see you and tell you I can't wait to have you all to myself tonight."

Upon reaching me in my frozen post, his finger lifted my chin to meet his kiss, leaving me more of a wreck because I loved everything he did to me. I loved his touch and how he made me feel, and I was going to let it all go.

"Reiss ..." I started, looking away as I stared at his lips. "I doubt I can come tonight ... or any other night, for that matter." My voice came out as a whisper, almost breaking as I tried to steel myself inside. "I'm sorry-I'm sorry for everything. I truly am. If things were different, it wouldn't be like this, but they aren't, and I must do what is best for the both of us. I can't continue this. I must cut ties with you."

Fear gripped him as he cupped my cheeks, seeking me out. "No, Ava! Don't you bloody dare do it! Don't let your mother get between us. We're stronger than that. We're better than that. I love you, you know I do. I love you so bloody much I've done things I never thought possible."

Lines started to form on his forehead, his expression one of pleading as he penetrated my soul with his gaze. "Please ... don't break my heart. I won't ever mend. You're the one, Ava. You're the one I want to spend the rest of my days with, to be the mother of my children, my wife," he shakily whispered as his voice got eerily serious. "Marry me."

"I ..." my throat ran dry. I was aghast as I stared at him numbly. "I beg your pardon?" I parroted as the words hounded my thoughts. Marriage. Babies. Wife. Babies. Marriage. Wife. His wife.

His ...

Forever.

His face clearly showed how nervous he was, but he somehow produced a ring from one of his pockets before he got on his knee, looking up to me with hope in his eyes. "Ava Watson, you came into my life unexpectedly. Your sass and your unparalleled beauty captured me the very moment I saw you. You spark a fire inside of me, and I want it lit up for the rest of my days.

"Loving you is and will always be my purpose. Grant me this honor of becoming my forever, and I will swear to you, my parents, and to all of jolly England that I will not rest until you are happy. We will continue as one until you take your last breath." He paused, looking a tad teary. "I am mad for you, and I hope you're going to consider my proposal."

He then took my shaky hand and slid the simple gold ring with a tiny diamond embedded in the middle onto my finger. "I know this ring might not be as grand as you certainly deserve, but I vow to you that I'll work hard and give you a new one each year until I can fully afford to buy you a massive rock."

Fuck.

As proposals went, this was the most unconventional one, although I knew he was being heartfelt and sweet, just like the man himself.

Uncontrollable tears streaked my face as I stared at the ring on my finger.

"Reiss, I'm too young for this." I sobbed, distraught that a major part of me wanted to say yes and to hell with the rest of my life. No man, not even Ashton, could make me feel like a bloody goddess. But the other part argued, hard. Giving me bleak scenarios. And, much to my despair, my mother's words kept ringing in my head, making things worse for me.

"Princess, I'll wait for you. I'll wait even if it takes forever. I'll fucking wait for you," he fiercely growled before he passionately kissed me.

My tears mingled into our kiss, making me feel helpless inside because the truth remained the same. I wanted him so much it made no sense anymore.

"Reiss," I said wretchedly. "Please ... I can't." I had to break off the kiss as he held on to me, not letting me go.

"I know the future might seem drab, but I promise I'll go to university and pursue a degree that will make a lot of money to support you. I swear on my life and my honor that I will take care of you. You will come first before anyone or anything else," he kept on persisting. "If money is the issue, I'll work twice as hard until I'm filthy rich and your mother finally accepts me."

In the background, we vaguely heard a man's voice almost yelling. We both stopped breathing as we tuned our ears to listen properly.

"Ava?"

It was Ashton, looking for me.

"Who's that?" Reiss's face had this accusatory look mixed with indubitable pain. "Why is he looking for you? Is he a friend of yours?"

Hearing Ashton's voice merely cemented what I had decided beforehand. "He is..." I hated myself, but I knew I had to. It was for the best. "He's my boyfriend," I finished saying.

His shocked face stared back at me, unblinking. The agony in his eyes would forever haunt me.

"Boyfriend?" The grip on my shoulders became almost too painful as he tried not to shake me. "Boyfriend? What the bloody fuck am I? Your booty call?" He was almost yelling, yet I wasn't scared. I deserved his wrath. "You've been toying with me all this time while I handed my heart over for you to slaughter."

I wanted to deny it all. That, no, I was just as crazy for him; however, I kept my mouth shut while I saw him fester and seethe with profound loathing for me.

"You're not even trying to redeem yourself," he clearly noted as he was wracked with pain. Tears were visible in his emerald depths. "You really mean this, don't you?"

"I'm sorry, Reiss ... I truly am." I tried to reach out to him, but he jumped backwards, as if I was infected with a deadly virus.

"What a stupendous liar you are, Ava." He shook his head, eyeing me with utter disdain. "Well, I'll leave you to be with your boyfriend, seeing as how the bloody fool is looking for his beloved."

He granted me one more hateful glare before he sniffed and tugged the side of his hair. "I love you-all I ever did was love you-and yet, you spat on that love. I hope you're happy being a cheating, deceitful, and the most despicable kind of woman out there. Goodbye."

I watched him leave as I gripped the ends of the sink to hold myself together. My system felt like it was crashing, and I had no one to blame but myself.

This will pass, I silently kept chanting.

This. Will. Pass.

I didn't emerge from the powder room until forty-five minutes later. The words were still continuously being repeated in my mind. With my red eyes, I knew I had to quickly change and immediately reapply my make-up. Knowing Ashton, he'd spot these imperfections in a heartbeat. Therefore, I had to apply drops in my eyes to make the redness diminish. Then, in order to get the puffiness under my eyes to lessen, I dabbed on some eye gel and doubled the layering of my concealer.

Changing, I chose a short, lilac, chiffon dress that made my eyes look predominantly purple, concealing the blues.

Giving myself a last look over in the massive mirror, Reiss's face-not the hateful one, but the loving face that had proposed to me-flashed in front of me. I could feel my heart contract as my gaze dropped to the ring on my finger. With a heavy heart, a sob escaped me as I pulled it off my finger and carefully placed it on my dresser.

"I'm sorry. I wretchedly am." I was talking to the ring, knowing the owner of it wouldn't care to hear me say it any longer.

Chapter 13

Ava

Allie and I along with Ashton, Winston, and Jameson discussed what we were inclined to do after finishing school. Allie wanted to be a veterinarian. Winston was most decided to pursue his passion for theatre. Jameson aspired to become a professional gambler-i.e. poker and such. Ashton couldn't see his future other than the corporate world.

As for me, well, I secretly wanted to travel through France and Italy and learn the arts of proper pastry crafting. However, that was truly wishful thinking. My mother wouldn't allow it. If it were up to her, she'd rather I do charity work or be a part of her committee where they held fundraisers to support whatever causes were trending globally.

It was fantastic-it truly was-but the shallowness of these people was astonishing. Most didn't go to these "functions" to support; they were there to maintain the status quo, to keep up with the rest of the gossips in the snobbish society heralded mostly by my own dearest mother.

"We're out of ice," Winston stated as he tried to scoop up the very last one.

The men went through ice like it was nothing whilst drinking. They had once argued that it was the difference in their body temperature, which made them tend to appease their uncontrollable hotness by replenishing themselves with ice-cold beverages. These three liked to horse about, always claiming they were part of the beautiful species, a title only granted through the process of ensuring one was well-endowed. I was just about to say something quirky in reference to that farce when something caught their attention, halting their conversations as they stared right behind me.

"What? Has the ghost of Lady Prescott just appeared behind me?" They used to tease me about the befallen Lady who had apparently hung herself in one of the parlor rooms after she'd found her husband shagging one of the housemaids back in the 1800s. Of course, the house had come a long way since then with renovations and an upgraded sewage system as well as whatever else my mother thought would attract more gossip precisely aimed at her delicate taste. Blah. Blah. Blah.

Allie grinned. "Not the Lady. Mister Prescott, perhaps?"

"I apologize for interrupting your party, but I was hoping I could speak to Ava ... in private."

Fuck. I cursed inwardly as I momentarily shut my lids to gain some sanity back. I thought he had left. Questions bombarded my mind as I slowly turned my neck to see Reiss standing in the middle of the room, nervous, although his eyes were dead-set on me.

"Ava?" He was asking for my permission, silently pleading with his eyes.

"And who might you be, young man?" Ashton asked jokingly, but I could detect a hint of suspicion in his voice.

Reiss took a moment, possibly deciding if he should respond to it or not. Panic rose to my throat as I watched this scenario slowly play before me.

"He's the gardener's son who's working with his father for the summer. His name's Reiss." I looked away, not wanting to see the reaction on his face after what I had just said.

It wasn't directly insulting him, but a part of me wanted to put him in his place because he was risking too much by appearing here, amongst my friends with Ashton in the mix. I had to save face somehow. It was horrid, yet I still had done it. I was a terrible person, truly rotten to the core.

"Perfect," Ashton finally spoke up, breaking the heavy silence that hung in the air before he glanced at me, as if to see what I was going to say. "Get us more ice and a variety of olives and cheeses, will you?"

"I'm here to speak to Ava," Reiss grated out loud enough for all of us to hear. "If you need ice, it's located in the kitchen."

Reiss's barbed reply made Ashton clear his throat, not liking the fact that he was being disrespected by one of the staff. Bloody Hell, I better do something before this turned into a fight. My mother would truly disown me then.

Huffing out loud, I was about to get up when Ashton threw me a steadfast stare.

"Ava?" Ashton gave me a speculative look. "You never said you were good friends with the gardener's son."

Like I had to detail everyone I knew so he could get updated with everything. "I'm friends with everyone that works here." My poor aim at sarcasm was pitiful.

I ignored Ashton's and the rest of my friends' curious gazes as I stood up and walked towards where Reiss was standing. Then I zoomed past him, hoping he'd follow me out.

I was fuming within. He had better have a good explanation, or I wouldn't live it down. My friends would ceaselessly keep inquiring about how this had come about since it was obvious Reiss was truly smitten with me.

I had been nothing other than appalling to Reiss since Ashton had come to visit, and I felt like I was being choked with not much room to move. Everything was moving too fast and too soon. I couldn't fully process what was happening around me.

I was truly confused as I navigated around the dimly lit hall, pacing towards the informal living room. It was one of my favorite rooms because it had an old, grand fireplace with cozy chaise lounges and other plush furniture that molded to your form the moment you sat on one. Hundreds of books had been read in this area. From the tales of Charles Dickens to the heart-warming romance of Jane Austen's novels, I had seized it all here, basking in the warmth of the hearth and the fresh scent of flowers in antique vases about the room.

This room had an immense effect on me. It never failed to bring that inner feeling of comfort and peace you got when you were surrounded by things that brought nostalgia and good memories of your childhood. And I was about to make another memory in this room. Nothing heart-warming or thoughts of comfort came to mind with this one, however.

Even though it was summer, the fireplace was ablaze, dancing before me as if it hoped to calm me inside like it always did when it greeted me in all different seasons. But tonight, no comfort came.

I patiently waited for him, hoping and dreading he'd show up. I was wagering to myself that, if he had simply left and walked out of the door from my snooty behavior, then it was for the best. But, if he hadn't, if he was gradually making his way towards me, then...

Well, I was doomed, to put it mildly.

After five minutes, my stomach started to feel like I was going sky diving, making me feel nervous and hollow. Glancing at the mahogany mantelpiece clock, I meticulously watched the hand, counting down the time.

I silently counted another two minutes before I heard the familiar sound of him clearing his throat. I hadn't heard him come in, which was odd because I was quite good with these things. You see, I needed to be alert when reading vulgar scenes that I shouldn't. As a result, for years I had trained my senses to detect these things, which only made me wonder how I hadn't heard or sensed him at all until he had made the sound. I supposed I was out of practice.

Snapping myself back to my present dilemma, I trained myself to keep gazing at the clock, concentrating on projecting my frustrations and anger towards him.

"What the hell do you think you're trying to accomplish here, Reiss? You can't simply walk in here when I'm entertaining. Ashton will start getting suspicious, and that's the last thing I need-more bloody drama!"

"Fuck. I don't give an arse about that stupid wanker. I surely don't bloody care about what he thinks, for that matter. Who. Bloody. Cares?" Reiss came closer to me, seething with anger, simmering with undeniable frustration. "Let him think whatever he fancies-you're mine, and he should know that you're with me. When are you going to tell him? You have to break it to him soon, Ava."

He finally reached my side before he stepped a hairsbreadth away, his lips touching the back of my ear, imprinting it with his love. "I was so bloody miserable when I left earlier. For hours, I racked my brain to find answers, and I couldn't. But at the end of the day, the truth surfaced, telling me I was the only one who'd made love to you. It's me you chose, not him, Ava."

He gathered air into his lungs, emphasizing the shakiness of his breath. "It's such heartache to be away from you this long. Our argument earlier on-whatever you said-I forgive you, but you must end this, Ava. You must break the news to him, or this will never be resolved."

"Break it to him?" I gasped, baffled as I spun to face him. "As in officially kaput?"

Didn't he see this wasn't going anywhere? Why couldn't he just give this up and leave it be like he had with the rest of the women he had slept with. Sure, he loved me, but love ... love could be replaced. Well, it could, couldn't it? Why else would the divorce rate be so nauseatingly high?

"What else is there?" He looked entirely broken, even a little withdrawn, but he still kept on fighting, unwavering from his eternal vows of love he had declared earlier today.

It gutted me to see him this way, as if the light had gone out of his eyes; however, I was almost assured he'd fully recover given the next woman who was appeasing to his eyes and his needs in the bedroom.

As for me, playtime was over. I had known the moment Ashton had appeared I had to do what I had to do. I should've cut ties before this, before it had gotten deeper than I had expected.

"Reiss, you've mistaken me-I can't." My voice broke as I stared at him, frowning while at the same time smiling as I tried to fight between what I thought was for the best and what my senses thought were satisfying. "Ashton ... how do I explain it? It's complex. You see, he and I..."

The air to my lungs momentarily halted because his face held that look that said he was afraid of what I was about to say next. The look that told me he felt helpless stopping me from breaking his heart. He stood there, immobilized, as I was about to butcher his heart and eviscerate his dreams of the future along with his proposal of marriage. I saw it all-the reflection of fear in his emerald eyes as it mirrored my very own.

"He and I are compatible in ways that you and I aren't. Besides, we have things in common-similar interests and beliefs. I have nothing with you, Reiss. There's nothing there for us. Don't you see that?" I persisted, hoping he'd hate me more. "Let it go. You have to let me go."

He took a sharp intake of breath like he was being cut alive. His body language told me he was already broken, his mind had already understood, but his heart kept on beating, fighting for survival.

"Ava, I promise you I'll be smart. I'll make a huge amount of money so you won't be embarrassed of me. Don't end it-I beg you ..." Hot tears fell down his face before his arms swallowed me, hugging me for dear life. "Please ... don't leave me, Ava. I love you. I love you so bloody much that I'm willing to be someone who would be worthy of you. Let me prove it to you, just don't end things with me."

"I'm sorry ..." Hell was where I was going when I died because Heaven didn't welcome selfish, despicable beings like me. "But that's never going to happen."

He halfway yanked me off his body, searching my face for answers. "Why not? You don't even bloody love the bloke, or you wouldn't be seeking me almost every night for the past eight weeks or so. Have you forgotten that you gave yourself to me? Have you forgotten that you gave me your virginity?" He was almost yelling at me. "Did that mean nothing at all?"

This is it, I bleakly acknowledged as I stood on the precipice, knowing that, whatever I was going to say next, I could never take it back.

Hardening my will and resolve, I kept to my decision, lying to myself and to his face. "It's just sex; it's nothing personal."

That truly got him. He was beyond offended and appalled at what I had just declared.

"Not personal? Seriously?" He gripped my arms, shaking me lightly as his eyes thundered before me. "What are you, a whore? Might as well open your legs then and let me shag you for the last time. I'll show you how I shag a disrespectful, lying cunt!"

My palm connected to his cheek in a swift movement. "Don't you dare call me a whore!" I gritted out, reddening as I shook with anger from his harsh choice of words. "You're nothing but a low-class guy whose one ambition in life is to use your charms to get someone with money. Well, your luck ran out with me, so you better find another victim to use and abuse because it surely isn't me any longer. You're a pathetic, disrespectful bastard." I loathed him like I had never hated anyone in my life. "You fucking disgust me!"

My drastic reaction ignited the beast in him. For a second, I thought he was truly going to deliver what he had said a mere moment before. Our eyes battled as my mind imagined him taking me anywhere he wanted, plowing deeply into me as he punished me. When his eyes dropped to my lips, I was immediately transported back to the very first time we had kissed, where he had seemed tempted yet reluctant to execute the need to kiss me. He had been breathing raggedly, as had I.

Our argument dulled in the back of my head as the acute sensation between my thighs took precedence over common sense. He was going to kiss me. I knew it in every fiber of me that he was going to devour me alive, and I would enjoy every single step of his hungry possession. His gaze indicated how much he wanted me before it flickered to my own and then dropped lower to my cleavage. Then his licentious eyes travelled back to my lips in the slowest, most agonizing moment of my life. He then dropped his lids before pressing his lips together, as if committing to a prayer before spinning on his heels and walking away from me.

Aghast at his unexpected reaction, I was rattled inside because I really wanted him to kiss me even if it was for the last time.

"Where the hell are you going?" I demanded, following him as a gnawing feeling began to make a hole inside my body.

"Away." He sighed, barely stopping in his tracks. "Anywhere but here." He paused before breathing in deeply, resuming his purpose. "I have to be away from you. I'd rather die than be anywhere near you again."

But it had been mere seconds ago he had appeared to be tempted to kiss me, mere hours ago when he had vowed to love me forever. Moreover, it wasn't that long ago he had given me a ring, proposing in a manner so sweet it had almost broken my resolve. After all of that, he was the one walking away instead of the other way around. How had I ended up being in this position?

Little did I know that this was the pivotal point of my existence, that whatever was shaped here tonight was going to haunt me for the rest of my life. Naive though I was, I hadn't realized the kind of pain and damage I had caused.

For this monstrous mishap, I'd dearly pay with my blood, my soul, and my tarnished heart.

Chapter 14

Present

Ava

Shocked and immobilized, I stared for however long into the space Craig had just stood inches from me, gazing down with unadulterated animosity boring out of his eyes. The enmity had been so profound I felt it chafe my skin, to which he had passionately set on fire not so long ago.

How had this happened? How was it possible I hadn't seen this without my rose-tinted glasses on? How foolish was it of me not to believe what my gut had been telling me all along? I had known there was something that didn't add up to what he was trying to portray. The evidence had been there. The signs were glaring had I looked into it more deeply without having his charms disarm me along with my wits and common sense.

There were hints-snide remarks here and there, ugly facial expressions whenever I spoke of the past and clues like the timber of his voice at times that caught me off guard because they reminded me so much of the Reiss I once cared for. Then there was the flagrant indication of how I had reacted whenever Reiss had been around-irrational with my skin constantly prickling from the very sight of him and the lack of decency because I couldn't contain my sexual desires. My age, it seemed, was never of question where he was concerned; I still lusted after him like no other.

I should have known since it was the only viable reason why I'd crossed the line, committing the ultimate matrimonial betrayal. Ashton meant so much to me, and there was only one man on this planet who could make me lose my mind, as if it wasn't made for thinking. I had been his for the taking the moment those distinct, bright green eyes had seized me.

Pure, utter embarrassment and contempt plagued my existence as I recounted the scenarios, from the moment our eyes had connected in the bar to the time I had last seen him, blissful as he walked out of here, purposely scrambling my life once more.

I felt shame at how easily persuaded I had been to commit the biggest sin a woman could ever make to her husband. More appallingly, I had neglectfully opened up about how tormented I had been in my marriage and the suffering I had endured after the guilt had settled into my soul with no intentions of letting me go and being fully free of Reiss's ghost.

Well, he was a ghost no longer. He was truly well and alive and doing quite well for himself financially.

I recalled his look of smugness when he had delivered his revenge, his eyes ice cold as he had let me drown into with no intention of saving me. He must have found it comical in such a twisted sense when I approached him and somehow managed to trust him as I spilled all those details about my life. Craig or Reiss, or whatever his name was, was most likely having a good toast, applauding how efficaciously he had served my due sentence-guilt and being shamed, treating me like a whore like he ought to have done a decade ago.

Dealing with the consequences was inevitable. The question that hounded me was, where did I start with it? It had to start with Ashton, should it not? I had betrayed him on all accounts.

I was afraid of what this could mean, but as much as the burden of my actions had contributed to the demise of my self-respect, I couldn't ignore the fact that things had truly not been the same with Ashton. Our marriage had been past rocky to the point that I had survived my pain into indifference. And as much as it pained me to admit it, Reiss had revitalized something inside of me.

As awful as it was to believe, he had showed me my old, passionate self that had been lost and gone ages ago. How had I forgotten what it was like to feel like everything was on fire in my body? How had I existed in such a mundane lifestyle, reassuring myself that the sadness that took over me was part of growing up and an essential process to endure a marriage? Maybe it was knowing other women in society tolerated such depressing emotional and mental state that made me easily accept my fate.

My fate had indeed changed, though. Moreover, it had shown me another path. A path that assured me it wasn't too late to make a journey. A journey to change what had gotten me so unhappy and had stripped me of what made me who I was. And since I had brought this upon myself, there was no other way except to embrace it, even if the thought of living a life without depending on Ashton or anyone else frightened me a little. Maybe it was high time I took charge of my life and embraced the true woman within me that had been buried for far too long. A rebirth of sorts.

I could've spent the entire time twiddling my fingers and staring into space as I recalled him over and over in my mind; however, I knew I wasn't fully equipped to do that yet-emotionally or mentally-. As a result, I promised to save my forlorn heartache for when I was ready to open the proverbial chest that held all of my demons. As of this instant, though, I could only tackle my compromising position of being a wife, being Mrs. Ashton Westwood.

*

Less than twenty-four hours later...

"I beg your pardon?" Ashton screeched into the phone, hurting my ear. "Divorce, Ava? Has your brain been seized by aliens, or have you gone into one of those psychics you are so fond of visiting which has caused some detrimental way for you to think, that somehow damaged your brain in the process as you both meditated? Or maybe she hypnotized you and made you extremely senseless."

Aliens...

Psychics?

Meditations?

Hypnosis?

Right, the plot thickens. As he obviously concluded, I had gone mad. What other rational explanation was there when a divorce was mentioned from the known, sweet wife of his who didn't usually bother with the intricate details that entailed making a decision? To him, all I did was practically spoil myself with whatever was my heart's content.

He had repeatedly said it was his job to make the money, and it was my purpose to splurge and do as I pleased. This wouldn't have sufficed for the old Ava, but the broken spirited one had welcomed this change, happily obliging because I was living in the haze of my despair.

Through the years of being married to him, I had severely lost my sense of arguing, even though I knew I was not in the wrong. It wasn't his fault; it was mine because I had let it happen. The grief I had held onto from losing Reiss had immobilized the greater part of me; thus making Ashton deal with most of my complicated affairs to the menial things like credit card bills or whatever else that required me to go out of my way. I had fully neglected in doing quite a few basic things. It was as if I had given up any sense of will and power and merely handed it to him to decide whatever he wanted to do. I supposed this was why he sounded so shocked and offended at the thought of divorce. No one could truly blame him. After all, in the eyes of the world, we were happy. We were... most of the time, before the whole baby dilemma had come into the picture.

The happiness we shared wasn't the breathless, crazy lovers who couldn't get enough of each other kind. The pleasure we both participated in was when we indulged in similar interests, such as art and travelling or endlessly discussing how cocoa cultivated in different soils and climate influences the quality of a refined chocolate. Our marriage was based on profound respect and mutual interests-a far cry from the nonsensical, sex-fueled relationship I had once had with Reiss.

Maybe that was why, at the time, I had been adamant that it wouldn't work with Reiss, because it wasn't what I was used to seeing from the adults around me growing up. Passion mostly wasn't part of what made a good marriage work-or so I was told by my Aunt Lottie, one who had endured her husband's infidelity because, first and foremost, he was a damn good husband who had never neglected his wife and children. She had said that, at the end of the day, passion ebbed, but having a good husband was a hard find.

Her words, even though I had only been about twelve then, had never been forgotten. That was why I had always liked the prospect of marrying Ashton, because he was a sensible man. A man who had always loved and cared for me. Most of all, he was driven to succeed, never complaining about how much responsibility he was taking on when marrying me.

Reflecting on the basis of my marriage and how things could've been made me really see what had happened to us. Ashton deserved someone who could fully be his. Not someone like me, whose tormented past had never fully recovered after Reiss had walked away from me. Top that with the news of the accident, and I had been a heaping mess of inconsolable misery.

Ashton's presence remained in my life, unwavering from his promise that he and I would be joined as a husband and wife when I turned eighteen. It wasn't a grand master plan, yet it had been already spoken of between our families upon our persistence that it was what we had wanted when we were around fourteen years old. Ashton, even if he loved me to the ends of the earth, as much as I hated to admit it, wouldn't be enough to make me happy. Though, for the past decade, I had deceived myself into believing it was possible.

"Ashton ..." I knew well enough there was no subtle way of handling the talk of divorce when it sprung out of nowhere, shocking your husband as if I had shot him. Seeing how I had practically ruined both of our lives, there was still hope for us to find our own fated paths. This-he and I-had truly come and gone. "You have to admit that these past couple of years haven't been filled with happiness or laughter. We don't even communicate as much as we used to. There's this massive gap between us. It has continually divided us until we no longer spoke of anything with relevance." Images of my old life with him in New York played through my mind, sealing my belief that this route was for the best.

"Fuck, Ava, you can't just bloody well drop this bombshell over the phone! You're simply being illogical about everything." He released a long breath, as if he was stressed out about this conundrum. "I'm flying out to London; expect me very soon. You and I need to go over this, and I trust that you will not leave anything out, Ava."

After quick goodbyes, I sat back on the couch, gripping the lapels of my robe as I thought of a good structure of retelling my story without sounding too eager or desperate to be with another man that wasn't my husband. Ashton, like most males, despised it when "their woman" was attracted to someone else, especially someone they felt was inferior to them.

Even though I had been open to him about what had occurred with Reiss back then, he definitely hadn't liked it much when I would randomly referenced him out of the blue. At times, though these instances were few and far between, he would give me that cutting look that made me shut my mouth. He had admitted at one point that he was jealous of my relentless dedication in keeping my ex-lover's memory alive.

Deflated, I somehow found myself at the mini bar, taking out a chilled water bottle and hoping the crisp taste on my tongue would help jolt me back from this unsettling feeling that had uncurled in my stomach the second Reiss/Craig had walked out the door.

What happens tomorrow, what might and might not it bring? I implored whoever was listening up there that the hurdles awaiting me were something I could endure and survive.

I had found what I had mourned for a decade, believing he had been long gone, and he had fabricated a web of lies to cover his tracks and identity.

No matter, I wasn't done with either of them, Reiss or Craig. I had scores to settle, and I was going to see them through, one way or the other.

Chapter 15

Ava

Approximately eight hours later, my husband arrived without knocking on the door to my suite. He apparently had taken it upon himself to demand the concierge issue him an extra key. I wasn't surprised at his actions as he barged into the room without carrying anything, eyes scanning the living room before he finally found me in bed, wide awake as I waited for his arrival.

At first, he gave me a long, lingering look, a look I accompanied with the word "powerless."

Nodding as I acknowledge his presence, we found ourselves battling with our eyes, unsure how to proceed from here.

It was Ashton who broke our contact, glancing away as if he needed to breathe because he felt stifled with his business suit on or with his life in utter disarray. He then grunted out something inaudible to my ears before he released a soft, humming growl.

"I need-let me shower first." He directed me a look that told me it was not a request. "Order some room service and add a pot of coffee while you're at it. I think we can both agree that you and I will be having a long discussion about how to go forth with this new fanciful idea of yours."

Fanciful? The nerve! There were times, although they weren't that often, that Ashton could be so infuriatingly obnoxious. This was one of them.

Festering quietly, I watched him retreat into the bathroom, helping himself to a shower after his long journey. It seemed he hadn't bothered to pack any clothes. I was almost certain he had left his office and immediately gone to JFK to book the next flight out to Heathrow. Hatching a plan without forethought was so unlike him. Maybe it was his love for me, or maybe it was to save us from utter humiliation, because divorce would target us for gossipmongers.

The thought of my mother's cold expression and Ashton's mother's disapproval left me feeling a little ill. I wasn't sure of his motives yet, but I knew one thing for certain: Ashton wasn't the kind of man who backed down when the situation was difficult. He would see through it, through thick and thin, through sickness and health, until death do we part-the latter being his chosen vow, whispering the very words before he consummated our marital bond.

Doing as he requested, I made a call for room service and ordered a light meal that consisted of bread with a side of assorted jams, a fruit plate with a side of cream, different selections of cheeses, orange juice, cheese omelet, and a pot of coffee.

Ever since Reiss/Craig had left last night, I had barely nibbled on anything. The thought of him and the discussion I must have with Ashton left no enticing impression of hunger on me since my body was wired with jitters and tension. I knew I was about to take on one of the riskiest things I had ever done in my life. Being alone at twenty-eight wasn't something I had ever imagined happening to me; alas, I had to do what was right for me.

Striding to the windows, I gazed out towards the river Thames as I waited for Ashton to come out of the shower and for the food to arrive.

Life truly was unpredictable. A week ago, I would've laughed if someone had told me I would be asking for a divorce from my loving and dutiful husband of ten years. Even more so at the notion of encountering the ghost of my past in real flesh and blood and not in my dreams any longer.

From the background sounds that Ashton was making, I knew he was about to come out of the bathroom any second. It saddened me to see such ache in those blue eyes of his. Those eyes I had grown up with, that had comforted me-it was those eyes I had looked at when I was in such visceral pain, and the same ones I had held when I said my vows. And here I was, ready to break that bond.

After hearing the familiar sound of the bathroom door opening, his steps approached to where I was standing. From the reflection of the glass, I could see him behind me, staring at me with a deep frowning expression.

We remained still for a few minutes until he took the plunge and came towards me, hugging me from behind before closing his eyes as he leaned his cheek against my head, whispering into my ear, "I'm not giving you up. Marriages always have their ups and downs, and we are unfortunately in a bad patch of it. We can get through this-I know we can. We can fix whatever's making you unhappy. Just tell me what to do and I'll do it. Just don't-just don't ask me to let you walk away, because I bloody can't. I just cannot let that happen. I love you too much, Ava."

Tears sprung into my eyes in no time. The pain in his voice went straight into my heart. Could it be possible? Could we fix this? I was going to confess everything to him after we ate, and if his sentiments changed, then I would know I was doing us a favor. However, if it didn't, then I needed to ponder harder, see what I should do from there.

The knock on the door made him break free from me before he went about to opening it. After tipping the room service waiter, we both sat in the dining area with him sitting to my left at the head of the table.

For a few silent minutes, I watched as he busied himself with pouring the coffee, adding cream and sugar before stirring it in slow, casual circles. His reticence was unnerving, and I had to urge myself to do something other than stare at his movements.

Choosing the decadent fruits before me, I slowly transferred a few on my plate before taking a hefty dollop of cream. I wasn't at all hungry, but I knew I had to eat something or else I wouldn't have enough energy to argue with Ashton.

As I slowly sliced a portion of my cantaloupe, my thoughts flittered back to Reiss. Was he serious about not seeing me again? True, he had been callous, but I deserved his wrath. Although, we both knew he had left with so many unanswered questions, and I needed answers to them. He simply couldn't leave me hanging like this, could he? Craig was a cold bastard, but I knew the Reiss I used to know was somewhere in there underneath the hate and the layers of suffering he had gone through. I still meant to make amends even after he had treated me as if I was only a whore he could have a night with and nothing more.

If he was going for shock value, he had delivered it in spades. If he was aiming to hurt, he had successfully accomplished it. Regardless, none of those things would hinder my determination in trying to make the wrongs into rights.

"Ava?" Ashton's soft voice broke through my thoughts as I grew pink with embarrassment from my thoughts of another man while I was sharing a meal with my husband. "Care to tell me what's been happening since you got here in England?"

Well, hell. How did I go about telling him that I had been involved with another man, a man he had a history of loathing? Shame and mortification made me redden even more as I looked away from him.

"I ... uh ..." I bit the bottom of my lip as I prayed dearly, hoping my confession wouldn't cause him to have a heart attack. "I sort of slept with someone." Reluctantly, I gazed towards him.

He was staring at this coffee while his hands were gripping the fork and knife. He had been about to bring the piece of omelet to his mouth yet had stopped midway. His hands shook a little as he locked his jaw, rage seething out of him. His handsome face contorted with emotions, ranging from fury to sadness, desolation, and being gutted alive.

"Why?" he croaked out, still eerily staring at this coffee.

Why? Loneliness and disappointment had been my constant companion for the last several years of being married to him. It wasn't an excuse-I knew that-but it was the grounds that had led me astray. I had this gaping hole inside of me that needed to connect with another soul, and his emotional unavailability had merely widened this gap.

"First, I need you to understand that my actions are my own, and the blame is solely mine. I thought it best to say that out loud in case there's any confusion later on. You and I have been leading separate lives ever since we failed at getting pregnant, though it's not your fault that your workload has quadrupled since your advancement at work. I've been quietly dealing with my own heartbreak and feeling inept at conceiving a baby when thousands of women get pregnant on a daily basis. I felt like a failure at doing something that nature has freely given to all females. The nightmares and self-loathing haven't subsided, though months have passed. I've harbored ill feelings towards myself to the point of self-destruction ..." It gave me shivers as I recalled the intense feelings I had possessed for myself and how much I had contemplated what my purpose was all about.

"The pain became so toxic it had influenced a lot of bad thoughts-thoughts of suicide, running away, or simply inflicting bodily harm would circle my mind most days. Coming here gave me some enlightenment. Being around Allie chased some of my demons away. But, one night, everything came into place. It was the night I found him-"

"Who's him precisely?" he ground out, sounding as if he was about to launch himself at me.

"Reiss. He's not dead as they say. He's truly alive, Ash." I was on the verge of sounding hysterical. I couldn't seem to contain my excitement as the realization hit me hard. Saying it aloud felt like something was being freed inside my chest. I reveled in the feeling.

He muttered something under his breath as he pinched the bridge of his nose. "So you find him alive after a decade and then what, Ava? You easily spread your legs like you did before and let him fuck you senseless?" He was turning red as he yelled at me.

He got up from the table before he strode towards the middle of the room, as if he needed to gather his thoughts without bearing to see my treacherous face.

His choice of words didn't even make me flinch, because I'd known he'd eventually lash out at me in one way or another.

"I'm sorry for causing you pain-you must know that-but you also must know the guilt I have carried for so long, and seeing him in the flesh magnified everything for me."

He spun around as he stared daggers at me before something dawned on me.

"Wait ... how come you aren't even shocked upon hearing the news he isn't dead, that Reiss is in fact alive?" I eyed him with utmost scrutiny.

He shook his head, looking away again. This time, I caught something in his eyes. Was that shame?

My heart pounded against my chest as I slowly got up. The scraping of the chair against the floor made me flinch as I watched him closely. "Ashton?" His lack of response made me all the more nervous. "You're hiding something from me. What is it you're not telling me?" I almost screeched out the question, feeling as if my heart was about to burst out of my body as I watched the guilt on his face. It said it all. "No-" I gasped, disbelieving. "You couldn't have ..."

My head throbbed as everything came into place. "What part did you have of it?"

"Nothing. I had no part of it ... but I knew what your father was up to."

"My father?" I barked out, shaking my head.

His throat bobbed as he apologetically gazed at me with saddened eyes. "Yes. It was your father who made him go away."

Chapter 16

Ava

My father. My sweet, loving, deceitful father was the man behind all of this. The suffering I had endured for years on end had been blatantly committed by my own flesh and blood.

My ears were ringing. My heart thudded as I disdainfully stared at the man I had shared a decade with-ten years of him witnessing the pure torment that my guilt-ridden conscience had done to me. In all this time, he had never uttered a damn word to tell me the cause of my misery wasn't dead, that he was in fact somewhere in England, hiding away as he carried on with his life. Whereas I, idiot Ava, had blindly lived life as if I wasn't all there. Yes, I had lived and breathed, but I hadn't been all there in my body, in my mind and in my soul. I had functioned, yet I hadn't truly been alive.

My family were the ones who had caused me pain. It hurt to even look at Ashton.

"How could you do this to me? You've sacrificed my happiness for your own selfishness. I will not forgive you for this!" Hissing the words out, I scrambled out towards the bedroom, grabbed my purse while I slipped into my nude pumps, and then dashed out towards the main door.

Ashton tried to block me from leaving. "We need to sort this out. You can't just leave without talking to me, Ava!"

Nostrils flaring, I elbowed his chest as I fought to be set free. "Let. Me. Go! Or so help me God, you will regret ever marrying me!" I thrashed as his hold lessened around me. We were both breathing raggedly as he fully let me go.

Straightening my clothes, I glared at him.

"I shall wait for your return, whenever that maybe. Rest assured, dear wife, I will be here."

Almost running out of the hotel, I fumed as I walked hurriedly, as though the hounds of Hell were chasing me. My scrambled thoughts didn't help ease the deep-seated betrayal Ashton's revelation had caused. Much more so at the knowledge that my father had been involved in Reiss's disappearance from my life.

I needed to get to the bottom of this. There were millions of questions whirling in my head, and I meant for each and every one of them to be fully answered.

*

Fifteen minutes or so had passed since I had left the hotel when I found myself outside Reiss's building. I stood gazing at it, contemplating what to do next since the owner of the building's parting words had been too hateful to even hope of an invitation upon seeing me again. It wasn't as if it would literally stop me from going inside the building to confront him about what I had just uncovered, although I was more nervous at the thought of seeing him again after the torrid sex session less than forty-eight hours ago.

Locking my jaws, I held my breath as I pushed forward, striding with confidence as I entered the building even though I wasn't looking my best. My hair was tied in a loose bun with my face clean of makeup other than a swipe of peach lip gloss. My white jeans and plain white blouse matched the colorless theme. With my pink-tinged cheeks from suppressed anger towards Ashton and my father, I hurried towards the bank of elevators, hoping I could get past his military-style secretary. The woman's steel-like personality petrified me a little, though I tried not to show it.

Getting into the elevator, I patiently waited until I reached the top floor. Once I did, the elevator had barely cracked open when the she-devil gave me a glare. Her desk was approximately six to seven meters from where I stood, but she didn't have any qualms about greeting guests in such a cold manner.

"Sorry Miss, but Mr. Chambers gave strict orders not to let you pass."

Strict Orders? Did he now? What a bloody wanker. "Well, can you tell your arse of a boss that this is bloody important? Oh, and while you're at it, do warn him that I won't be moving from this very spot until he sees me."

I stood my ground, knowing this could very well be life and death for me. The comparison was quite extreme; however, my life was hanging in the balance, and I needed to know the truth. I deserved to know it ... even if I was the main cause for why the situation had been initiated in the first place.

She raised her chin as she measured me up as an opponent before huffing her snobbish nose at me. She then raised her brow then spun around with her four-inch Prada pumps, striding towards the office of His Lord Almighty. The insipid fool had me blocked? The nerve! What made him so bloody sure I was going to come here and demand to see him? Arrogant arse.

Seething, I had ideas that ranged from scratching his eyes out to gripping his balls through my nails until they were black and blue. Inflicting physical harm had never been attractive to me, but right this instant, my thoughts lingered on some colorful ideas.

Tapping my foot on the shiny marbled flooring, I was impatiently waiting the she-devil's return. If Reiss had more excuses to throw me out-hell, he could even go as far as bringing security in to escort me-I wouldn't be going anywhere. I'd return every day and exhaust all of my resources to get to him. This was vital for my sanity-for my existence-.

The sudden sound of high heels clicking against the floor brought me back to my senses as I glanced towards the smug-looking secretary.

"Well? Is he going to see me or order security to kick me out?"

She didn't stop until she reached her desk and then took a seat before giving me an insufferable expression. "You can wait for twenty minutes since he's on a very important call, then you may see him in his office."

Well, that went quite easy, didn't it?

Releasing a breath, I made a curt nod, looking more dignified as I straightened out my top before murmuring, "Thank you. I shall take a seat whilst waiting."

She barely gave me a nod of acknowledgement before resuming her work, carrying on as if I didn't exist.

My attempt at occupying myself with reading materials with celebrity and lifestyle magazines didn't do much to ebb the explosive feeling I had in my chest. I was wired with too much frustration from being lied to. It had built an emotional ball inside me, and I wouldn't let up until I had all of this out of my chest.

Time went by at a snail's pace as I waited for the minutes to hit the twentieth mark. And, when it finally did, I didn't even wait for the ill begotten queen to notify me it was all right to move forward. I basically zoomed out of the receiving area and immediately headed straight to the other wing where Reiss's office was located. My memory served fresh as I recalled my recent visit. It didn't take me long until I reached his door, not bothering to knock as my hand gripped the handle and pushed the heavy, polished oak door open.

Immediately, I found him sitting behind his desk, still engrossed in a phone conversation. I entered his domain with loud commotion so he knew I was here, glaring at him. He chose to completely ignore me and pretended I wasn't breathing the same air.

"Don't be rubbish, of course I do." He was grinning from ear to ear, pleased. "You're perfect. I'll see you tonight. Same time, yeah?" He paused, presumably because his chit was spouting something arousing to his senses, before he added, "Splendid. I look forward to it."

I watched his face light up from speaking to her, aghast at witnessing him flirt his way with another woman on the phone. I felt small and irrelevant. -I knew it was a her not a him on the other end because he was not the kind to mess about on the other side of the field.

Adding more salt to my injury, I came to realize that what had occurred between us might not have meant anything other than his usual fucks. I had been partially convinced that, though he spouted hate and extreme loathing, a part of him would still remember the golden days and how magical it had been between us. However, as the seconds ticked away, I was starting to think otherwise.

Well, if that was the case, then I wouldn't let him see how much it affected me, because that would only make him feel superior, knowing he had accomplished what he had sought out to do-hurt me the deepest he possibly could.

None of this mattered any longer, anyhow. I was here to confront him about the lies he had strung along for years. It wouldn't even surprise me if he watched me suffer from afar, flourishing and basking in my own tormented misery, while he built his company and did what he had been determined to do-becoming powerfully rich.

My sights deadlocked on him just as he lifted his gaze to finally meet mine, seeming unfazed.

"You're not one to pay heed with warnings, are you, Ava? You better have a very good reason to seek me out this time. I meant what I told you the other night; I don't ever want to see you again." He casually leaned back against his chair before bringing his legs up on the side of his desk, resting atop of each other while he lazily gazed at me. "I hope that brings my point across loud and clear?"

"You lied to me!" I flung my accusation in the air before I marched towards his desk, giving him a pointed look. "My father-how did you convince him to do such a thing to me?" My knuckles were white as I dug my nails inside my palms, feeling as powerless as a hopeless pawn in a world full of selfish men who had agendas only to benefit their causes.

"That's a little harsh, don't you think? Besides, I haven't lied to you." He shrugged, looking bored. "Maybe you should take this temper tantrum to your father. You know ... since this is a family affair, after all."

His obvious nonchalance made me ground my teeth together. I had expected more reaction than this apparent boredom. How dare he make light of this when I felt like my world just went crashing to smithereens? Everything I had thought and believed my father was all became a blur in a matter of seconds.

"I'm surprised you're even here. I'd think your father would be the one to tell you-" He paused, eyeing me suspiciously before frowning. "If it wasn't your father, then who told you?"

His manner seemed downright disrespectful, his voice laced with sarcasm and suspicion, like I was highly contaminated, and whatever I did or say wouldn't redeem me in his eyes. It was all there, blatantly written on his scornful albeit handsome face. His eyes felt like they were skinning me raw, as if he was taking me apart, piece by piece so I would be defenseless and cower like I was supposed to have done after he had disdainfully treated me like I was some cheap tart.

One would expect I would be numb from it all. Needless to say, his evident contempt simply magnified the ache that was gutting me alive.

"I just barely found out ..." I trailed off, feeling parched due to the fact that I couldn't seem to cohesively think when he was giving me an intense expression, as if deep in thought. Licking my lips, I started to take a small gasp of air to loosen the tightened feeling around my chest. I felt as if he was suffocating me by merely existing. "Ashton ... Uh, Ashton flew in this morning and told me about it. Then I immediately came here to confront you."

His eyes became slits, piecing together the puzzle that was my life. "Ahhhh, did he now...?" He gave a nod before making a "tsk-tsking" sound that reminded me of an adult being disapproving of a child. "The mighty husband is here to save the day," he murmured with utter derision. "Does he know that his beautiful, loving bride was fucking around with another man's dick?" Taunting, he slowly made his way out, circling around his desk before half-sitting on it, arms folded and his face exhibiting great disappointment. "Marital bliss, is it all that it's cracked up to be, Ava?"

His mockery of me was reaching my capacity. As much as I had previously endured his maltreatment, I was now endangered of snapping my overburdened patience. "Maybe you should try it yourself, Reiss, since you seem so curious about it." It was the first time I had used his real name, and I must say that saying it aloud made me feel all the more nostalgic about the past.

He shrugged. "Marriage ... I just might. If the right woman comes along, then why not?"

Lovely. Just what I needed to hear-not.

"If you're done throwing daggers and making a mockery out of my miserable life, can we move along? I still have a lot of questions to ask of you."

"Why, Ava? Did one of the daggers finally manage to prick your fine porcelain skin?"

Nostrils flaring, I threw my hands in the air. "You know what? I can't bloody deal with your childish need for revenge because I have far more important things to do than listen to you rambling and spouting blasted bloody nuisance about clear pettiness and small victories."

"You have far more important things to do," he murmured, thinking out loud just as he made a big nod, as if the light had just turned on in his brilliant mind.

"I bloody do!" I sounded just as I truly felt, depleted after being completely, emotionally objectified by this loathsome rat.

He appeared confused, as though he couldn't wrap his puny brain around it. "Like what?"

I wanted to hurl my purse at the blasted jerk. "You ought to be joking, surely?"

He shrugged, unperturbed. "You're a bored housewife, and your husband just flew in to see you." He was deep in thought. "Funny, 'cause I have this hunch that this wasn't a coincidence. Don't tell me you told your loving husband that you let another man shag you senseless while he called you his whore?"

That completely broke the little patience I had left.

Like a rocket, my body shot towards him, aiming for his cheek and gloriously connecting with my palm. "I am no one's whore, not Ashton's and surely not yours-never yours."

His eyes clouded with barely any of his emerald greens showing as they thunderously sliced me in to two while he brought his face a hairsbreadth away from my own. "Vicious, aren't we today, Ava? Why so catty when I'm only speaking the truth?" he sneered as he took my breath away. "Is your memory faulty? Because, from what I can recall, you kept screaming into my ear that, in fact, you are mine to do as I please, that no man has ever made you feel the way I do when I fuck you. You sobbed the words into my ears as you begged me to come inside of you. Don't you remember any of that?"

Images of us naked shifted my focus. Did I really say any of that? Maybe, maybe not. I mean, I was so out of it I could have prayed in French, and I wouldn't have noticed. Confused, my rebuttal was lost as the picture of us rutting together wreaked havoc on my already confused way of thinking.

"You look lost, love. My cock must've done quite a splendid job, eh?" His eyes sparkled as he brazenly cupped my breast with his right hand. "If you came here for a repeat, I could grant you that wish." The sensation he was making was muddying my common sense while his other hand reached down to gently rub my pussy with his fingers against the soft fabric of my jeans. "So sensual ... so beautiful ... especially when aroused." His eyes lingered on my face, almost cherishing it. Almost. "Your body begs for my touch. It's hungry for it."

He was so wrong yet so bloody right about me always being hungry for him. I hated how he could mesmerize me without effort. Even though I had protested before, my body was eternally enslaved to him, much to my disdain.

"Tell me what you want," he rasped out, hungry eyes adamant to devour me. "Do you want my cock to fuck you mad, princess?"

Princess, it was his terms of endearment for me, and the first time he had said it since we had met again after a decade.

When nostalgia hit you, it hit like it was hounding you to the grave. There was no escaping it.

Chapter 17

Ava

I was his and I acknowledged this with heartfelt concern, seeing as the man in question had inevitably changed from the sweet, loving guy I once had known to a man who had a heart of stone. With his persistence of wanting me to submit to him, it would've been easy to just throw caution to the wind and succumb to what my body had been longing. I knew I must resist, though, at least in respect of Ashton being in England.

I must fight his charms until divorce proceedings were initiated.

"Ashton's here-I can't ... I'm sorry," I regrettably rejected his advances, knowing it would truly disrespect Ashton and what I had vowed to protect. It was hypocritical of me to even contend such notions, but one sin committed was enough to weigh heavily on my shoulders while negotiating for my freedom.

My husband, knowing him well enough, wouldn't easily let this go. He'd fight for me-I knew he would. He was simply wired that way. Even back then, when he learned I had taken another man and had given him a gift that was meant for him, he hadn't batted an eyelash before telling me we were still meant for each other. I highly doubted his reaction would be any different than it had been a decade ago.

Reiss's face darkened as he studied me in depth. "Did you let him touch you? Is that why you're saying no?" Though it came out as a question, it sounded more like an accusation than anything.

Did I let Ashton, my husband, touch me? Apart from the insult that he was hurling at me, I was even more offended that he had the audacity in asking me the damn question.

As much as I wanted to hurt him for what he had done to me-walking out after he had used my body just to make a point-my past mistakes had hurt him. The thought cleared my senses, making me almost subdued.

"No, I wouldn't disrespect you both that way. It's callous of you to ask me that question, but no, I would never do such a thing-not even if I wanted to hurt you, Reiss." My honest response almost shocked me. The old Ava would've basked in feeling victorious after lashing out in such a manner. I suppose one could truly say that the mistakes in the past had taught me well. They had taught me not to mess with something you couldn't control, most especially when it came to him. I would never make that mistake again.

My answer left him wondering as he stared at me longer, still and frozen as we breathed simultaneously, caught in our own world of wonder.

"I came inside you-I forgot to ask, are you on the pill?"

His question not only took me off guard, it left me a little confused. I wasn't sure if he was insinuating we continue our sexual fervors or if it was simply because he hadn't meant for it to happen again and needed to tie loose ends, meaning me and what the consequences of that one hefty mistake could bring.

"I'm not. I stopped a few years ago." I licked my lips as his gaze intensified before me, sparking passionate green. "We've been trying to get pregnant, and since I haven't successfully conceived, I came to the conclusion that I'm barren, so if you're worried about any consequences, you shouldn't. Nothing will come out of it. I can guarantee you that."

His gaze dropped low to my lips before he penetrated my soul once more, leaving me breathless. "How sure are you, Ava?" His tone was hard, harsh almost.

"Ninety-nine point nine percent. I'm that sure." It was a shameful thing to admit that I lacked confidence in my body's ability to do the very thing Mother Nature had set out for women to do. I supposed I would never really know, would I? Maybe it wasn't in the stars for me. Sometimes people were made for other tasks, so maybe my calling hadn't been written for me yet.

Thinking optimistically, I broke eye contact and brazenly touched his chest, applying enough pressure to put him at a good distance. "Now that we're here," I said, voice shaking as I gathered my bearings, gathered every atom in my body to bring me strength as I readied to pour my heart out, "I apologize for barging in here and interrupting your work day. You must understand the kind of shock I had after learning my father had played a role in hiding you from me. I was manic and didn't eat for days after they couldn't find your body among your friends' remains. And, even though that was the case, they concluded that something must've happened to throw your body off somewhere upon or before impact, and they simply couldn't find it. I should've known something wasn't adding up, but since your parents weren't saying anything, and with no one prodding for more answers, the case simply closed. I can't even imagine how much money my father poured into making this go away just so I would stay away from you."

I was ashamed of my parents, although most of all, I was embarrassed my mother had used her warped mind to twist my father into doing something so despicable. It wasn't Reiss's fault he had grown up impoverished. Besides, it hadn't made him a bad person then.

"I can't apologize enough for my parent's involvement in this, but I want to tell you how much I regretted letting you go-" Breathe. I could go through this. I knew I could.

I couldn't look at him, or I might falter and end up running away again, in fear that he'd laugh at my face. But I knew I should. I had to let this out, or I would be hounded by the ghost of him forever.

"I had no idea the depth and the capacity of that mistake until you vanished. I didn't realize it then until later on, but even if I'm ten years too late, I feel that I must tell you, or I won't ever move on from this guilt that's been crushing me alive ever since I rumpled your world when I threw your love back in your face...

"Declining your proposal took everything in me. Little did I know then that I was actually in love with you, too. Thinking back, it is the only explanation I have for giving myself to you. I gave myself in a way I hadn't to anyone else and not just in a physical sense. Nothing barred me; my mind consisted of you, and my heart had you in it.

"I was young and foolish, believing in things I had set out for myself, thinking the promise I shared with Ashton was true and meant to stay that way. Back then, I believed you were someone to have fun with. Falling in love with you wasn't part of that plan, but I was proven wrong." I took a deep breath, gathering more strength. "I'm sorry I've caused you so much pain, and I'm sure, even though you're quite successful now, you've lost quite a lot along the way."

"Self-respect..." I barely made out what he said.

Blinking at him, I frowned. "I beg your pardon?"

"Self-respect, that's what I sacrificed," he easily provided without emotion. "You're confession is truly irrelevant. I couldn't care less about what you felt then, and I couldn't care less what you feel now." He pierced me to the core, but he wasn't done disarming me. "Your selfishness led to other peoples' demise. Your cowardice back then and your bravery for telling me all these irrelevant details now might seem like it would change the world for you, but it won't do a bloody thing to mine. You are nothing except a selfish brat! You don't know what it's like to be a hopeless pawn in someone else's game or how it feels to be openly rejected by someone you claimed to love. You know nothing of the kind of hell I have been through!"

"Reiss-" I gulped in between pants. "I said I was sorry for everything."

"I don't want your petty sorry, Ava!" he roared, making me shiver. "I don't want anything from you. I fucked you to prove a point, but don't get it into your puny, little simpleton head that I want more than that. That one fuck was enough to sober my senses-that you're nothing good other than in bed. You're spoiled and selfish. No decent man would want anyone like you."

He was vindictive, but I'd had no clue how far he'd go to eviscerate me until then-until he truly marred everything I treasured most.

I wasn't sure how I got the nerve to still live and breathe after his hurl of insults, but I somehow managed to function. Silly didn't cover how I felt at my heart-poured confessions about the past. Nothing mattered to him it seemed; therefore, I should take my spoiled and selfish self away from his disapproving, superior goodness.

"I guess there's really nothing left to be said between us, is there?" I made a dry laugh, feeling more vulnerable than at any other time in my life. "Again, I apologize for interrupting your day. I'll see myself out." Straightening myself, I started to move away while he remained expressionless.

"I wish you all the best, Ava."

See, that was the problem. Why couldn't he just let me leave without adding more to my injury? He wished me all the best? What an asinine thing to say after what he had just hurled.

"Save your wishes for the dead, Reiss. I sure as fuck don't need them," I shot back as I walked away, vowing never to seek him out again.

Before walking out of his office, I heard the loud, thunderous roar of his laughter, bringing melancholy to my once revived heart. It had barely survived from the moment he'd decided to crush all the hope that had sprung from his lovemaking. There was nothing left now except the future.

Without Reiss or Ashton, maybe it was the beginning of the end.

Chapter 18

A month later

Reiss

"Mr. Chambers, there's an Ashton Westwood to see you, sir." Emily's voice made me look up to the partially opened door. She gave me a look that told me she was waiting for my response.

My seat had been barely warm from my bottom before my former nemesis decided to pay me an impromptu visit. What did he mean to accomplish with this? Was he attempting to bring me hell because I had shagged his wife senseless? Oh, bloody well. It was a mistake I didn't intend to repeat if that was what was bothering him.

Straightening my tie, I nodded towards Emily, indicating I was ready to receive the man who had contributed in making Reiss Chambers vanish into thin air. I was actually surprised it had taken Ava this long to find out. I had been almost sure they'd eventually fess up once Westwood secured his position as her husband and the future heir of his parents' and Ava's fortunes, merging both companies to solidify their financial status for generations to come.

Cautiously sipping my coffee, I felt great in the knowledge that these "generations" weren't going to be fruitful, because they hadn't anticipated the idea of Ava being barren. It truly was a pity not to share that kind of ephemeral beauty that was only skin deep and meant to be appreciated from afar to your future children. Then again, maybe it was fortunate that the world wouldn't have to endure more spoiled rotten brats. The world would be a better place without their progeny. I was convinced Ava and Ashton would bring up their children into miniature versions of them; therefore, yes, the world was truly fortunate without their brood on the horizon.

The moment I heard the sound of the door, I zeroed in on the incomer, waiting with bated breath as to what he intended to accomplish by coming here today.

"And to what do I owe the pleasure of having you here, Westwood?" Though it was difficult, in business settings civility was called upon even if both parties loathed each other. And, since I wasn't sure what he meant by this jaunt, I wasn't ready to bare my fangs just yet.

"This isn't a social or business call, so let's drop the pretense, or you'll stifle yourself," Ashton Westwood shot out as he strode towards me with purpose, gripping a folder in one arm. "This is about Ava. I know you had your play with revenge, and as much as I hate to admit it, frankly, I'm quite relieved that her memories of you aren't all that loving or saintly any longer."

Relieved? That wasn't something I'd thought of in a million years. Ashton Westwood was relieved I had shagged his wife? Stunner. So where was he going with this?

"Get to the point. I don't have much time on my hands, especially not for you."

He stood, measuring me as we gave each other harsh stares, our expressions filled with contempt as we battled our differences through our gazes. "First things first. Before I start, I need for you to make it clear that you don't want anything to do with Ava. Is that correct?"

Why was he grilling me about this? Had Ava tell him everything, as well? What the bloody fuck?

"It's none of your business. It's your wife's and mine, and I hope to keep it that way."

"Well, from what I gathered, you practically threw her out of this very same office, telling her you didn't want anything to do with her," he said with a raised brow, voice still monotonous as he gave me little clue as to what he was getting at. "Again, is this assumption correct?"

"Get to the bottom of it, will you? I don't have the jolly time to answer to you, Westwood. And, quite frankly, I don't give a horse's arse what you think or don't," I gritted out, losing my temper. "If you're here to ask for an apology for shagging your precious wife, then you'll be waiting for a lifetime. I won't give you that privilege. If you're here to spit in my face because your wife made a whiny complaint that I didn't treat her well, you'll be waiting a lifetime for that, as well. So, if you have nothing else to say, I'd be grateful if you could save us both some time with this indignant, chivalrous, husbandly thing you think you're doing at your wife's bidding."

"I came here of my own free will. Ava doesn't know I'm here, and I would like to keep it that way." He gave me a pointed look before continuing. "And, since you're bent on sending me away, I'll very well head straight to the problem."

He immediately opened the folder before sliding a paper with a legal seal on the bottom of it. "My lawyers drew up this contract the other day. It basically states that you're giving up the rights to the child Ava's carrying, and under no circumstances will you try to contact Ava or the child in question, even when he or she comes of age. The child will be born and brought up a Westwood with no correlation to you, whatsoever." He then audaciously pointed at the signature line at the bottom of the page. "I only need your signature here to have it over and done with. My lawyers will send you a copy at your request, of course."

My ears pounded as I stared at him, dumfounded and in complete shock to the point that I felt almost paralyzed from it.

Child. He'd said Ava was carrying a child. And he had already concluded the baby was mine. What if Ava had slept with more men than she was ready to admit? How sure could he be that it wasn't his in the first place? From what I had gathered, he seemed like a man who truly loved her through thick and thin; subsequently, I was almost sure he had already had her in more ways than possible. After all, it had been over a month since that fatal encounter.

"Here's a pen for you to sign, Chambers." He handed me his pen while I unblinkingly frowned at it, feeling as if I was freefalling.

"Ava's pregnant?" I finally said out loud, still fazed and in complete disarray. "How sure are you that it's mine?"

"She's one hundred percent sure that it's your DNA she's carrying."

Then, if the child was mine, I would want to be a part of it. There's no way in hell I'd let the baby think he or she was a Westwood when it was truly half of mine and not Ashton's.

"She's pregnant, and she didn't care to tell me this significant detail herself?" I instantly got up, almost kicking the chair out of my way as I strode towards the glass, gazing down at the river Thames, truly not seeing anything due to the mere thought of my baby-my child-growing inside of Ava.

An immediate rush of protectiveness filled me, as if it was my own right to make sure that this would pan out the way it should and not in Ashton's favor. Never again would this man make me inferior and unworthy. He could very well do it to Ava, but I wouldn't let him do the same to my unborn child.

"The details are irrelevant, as you stated yourself. Why don't you simply sign the damn form so we can move along with our lives, shall we?"

How could he act as if this wasn't about something important? He was adamantly telling me I should give up my rights forever because I had told the mother I didn't want anything to do with her. Well, the rules had changed.

"I can tell you now that I won't ever sign it." My parents would disown me themselves if they found out I had toyed with the idea of throwing away my own flesh and blood for some other man to take care of. "If this is truly my child, nothing will stop me from fighting for what is rightfully mine." With that, the meeting with Ashton was immediately cut short.

Being a father wasn't something I had favorably put in the forefront of my mind. Of course, I had plans to marry and have children someday, but never had it occurred to me that the day would happen much sooner than expected. Moreover, my mind had never dreamed up that the child's mother would be the woman I had vowed never to see again. Seeing her only brought the ghosts out, and I'd much rather keep them inside, locked in the closet and never peeping a sound.

Ava was the symbol of my past and my idiocy, and whatever happened from here on out, I would never put her on a pedestal again. Fool me once, shame on me. Fool me twice, blame it on me. Fool me for the third time, I'm obviously a man without aim.

Chapter 19

Ava

I had barely slept a wink since I had found out I was pregnant two days ago. In the very beginning, when I realized my period was late, I was actually afraid the doctor might tell me something along the lines of ovarian cancer or something that would indicate as to why I couldn't conceive for so long.

When she had beamed at me, delivering the news that I was actually in the early stages of pregnancy, I had thought it a cruel joke at first. Then, when she had kept insisting that I was, I couldn't believe it, not until she had showed me the cutest, tiniest bean sprouting slowly inside my womb.

I was pregnant. I'm actually pregnant! I was having a baby, and I was going to finally be a mom, just as I had dreamed for so long. My excitement had kept me awake most nights, weighing the options of telling Reiss himself, but I always came to the conclusion that it was best I kept this to myself in case he demanded I hand over the child, or worse yet, he actually stressed that maybe getting it terminated would be suitable for both parties since he loathed me to Hell and back.

Covering my lower stomach with both my palms, I rubbed it gently, hoping it would ease the baby's worries away as well as mine. "I'll protect you with my life. I promise," I whispered softly. "Nothing will come between us. It's you and me against the world, my love."

Instinctively, my stomach growled, making me grin senselessly as I acknowledged it was time to eat something light. It was half past ten, and on most nights, I was on my own. Ashton visited me on a daily basis and still persisted on mending things with me. I had wanted freedom before, and after learning about the baby, I wanted it even more.

I understood Ashton's argument, pointing out that the baby could very well heal both of us, that it was what we had been waiting for and we could still have what we had wanted from the start. To me, though, it was already too late. Nothing could patch us, even if the very thing that had drawn us apart was my drive to becoming a mother. He had let the resentment fester inside me for two years, and I simply didn't want to harbor any ill feelings towards him any longer. I just wanted a fresh start with no one telling me what to do.

I had accepted that things with Reiss would never be; therefore, it was best not to hound him about this new development, even though it was a major development. I was convinced he'd someday appreciate this effort. Eventually, I'd come to my senses and tell him. As for this moment, I only wanted to bask in the warmth and enjoy this downpour of love I had for my unborn baby.

I still had a lot of qualms about carrying it full-term because a lot could happen during this delicate stage, but I would do anything in my power to keep it safe. After all, apart from wanting Reiss to be alive again, this was all I had ever wanted.

Drifting into the bar area, I lazily opened the fridge and took out a half pint of chocolate milk. I never could fully fathom drinking fresh milk without adding cocoa powder or strawberry syrup. I supposed, I had spent too much time as a kid wandering about the kitchen, full of curiosity, excited about the idea of anything and everything chocolate. Through the years, my mother would hire cooks that were meticulous about their pastries; thus furthering and enabling my education about its rich velvety goodness.

I was on my fourth sip of my favorite drink, reminiscing about the past as I secretly longed to have the same experience with my child, when I heard three hard, pounding knocks on the door. Since the doorbell wasn't used, I knew this visit was more than likely personal. Could it be Ashton?

He'd been rather pushy, to a point where I found myself wanting to lessen my time around him. It bothered me a great deal that he wouldn't agree to a divorce or let alone tell our parents we were thinking about it. Deep down, he harbored a great deal of hope in resurrecting our marriage; however I couldn't see myself with him anymore. True, I still loved him and maybe a major part of me always would, yet living with him wasn't very enriching nor was it a happy life. Coming out tonight wouldn't change my mind, even if he begged me for the hundredth time.

Besides, he was due back for work, and he definitely needed to get a move on. Wasting all his time and effort trying to win me back would result in nothing. I had already made up my mind, and I was sticking to it, come Hell or high water.

Strolling towards the door as I held the bottle in my left hand, I took a dragged intake of breath as I gradually opened it just as I started saying, "Ashton, it's late, could we please do this some other time when I have the energy to listen to-" My words became suspended mid-sentence when my gaze landed on greens and not the usual blues I was so accustomed to.

"Ava," he aloofly greeted me. "I believe you and I have something to discuss."

Bastard, I silently cursed as different thoughts ran through my head. Was he here because he wanted to see me? Or ... was he here because he somehow found out about this little bean I had been trying to hide from him?

Taking his cue, I decided to act vague, hoping this would make him go away. "I wasn't aware that you and I have something to discuss, Reiss." I paused, feigning innocence. "Unless, of course, you've changed your mind about not wanting to do anything that had me included."

"Don't take me for a fool!" he spat out before he stepped into my comfort zone, letting himself inside the room without asking permission. I could smell traces of alcohol on his breath as he passed, making me all the more aware that he was under a lot of strain. Whatever this was about, he was troubled by it.

Closing the door, my heart thudded rapidly as I watched him pace around, stopping at the dining table before he decided to pull out a chair. He sat and stared blankly at the opposing wall, appearing as if he was studying the painting.

"Your husband came to see me today with a contract stating I'd be willing to revoke all my rights to my child."

Damn and blast. I knew Ashton couldn't be trusted with such a bombshell of a secret. He was bound to do something drastic, and idiot me had thought I could trust him about something that meant so much to me. Bugger.

"I wasn't aware of this. He never told me about it."

"Of course he didn't." He looked lost, causing me to feel this heavy ache deep inside because I wanted nothing more than to comfort him. However, I knew it would be unappreciated; therefore, I remained where I was, openly staring at him. "I want a part of this child, Ava, make no mistake of that. So, whatever you have under your sleeve, mark my words, I'll fight you until I have nothing left in me. This is my child as much as yours."

What did he intend to do? I wasn't planning on restricting any of his parental rights. I wasn't some vindictive bitch who would do that to my baby's father just because he didn't want me. I didn't want to be like my mother. I would rather keel over and die than be like her.

"You must understand, I did intend for you to know. I wasn't sure when the right time was, but I promise you, I had every intention of telling you. I admit that a lot of foolish thoughts have graced my imagination, which resulted in me postponing the intended visit to inform you. You must know, after what I've gone through, I'm still having a tough time accepting it. It's been surreal-a dream come true-and I just wanted more time to myself before the rest of my friends and family finds out because, once they do, my life will be chaotic, and I need to save as much energy and positivity as possible before facing any of them."

He gave me questioning look. "How do we do this, Ava? I don't know much about babies, let alone raising one. The thought alone brings a lot of doubts. I fear I might not be a good father since I don't have any bloody clue where to even begin with this. I thought I'd choose someone to marry that would fit to be the mother of my children, then we'd raise them together. Never once did I consider that things might turn out differently than planned." He shook his head, evoking a dry laugh. "I suppose I should've known that, wherever you're concerned, I could never expect what comes next."

His speech hadn't meant to hurt, but it had all the same. When would I ever stop hurting because of him?

"I know the situation isn't the most ideal, but we'll cope. We can make it work as long as we're on the same page. I guess we'll learn ... together." I hadn't meant for it to sound as if I wanted us to try to be a couple; as a result, I felt obliged to add, "If you're willing to work with me, that is, then you have nothing to fear."

He remained silent, tormented by his own demons. Warily watching him, I gradually moved towards the sofa, feeling drained from facing him.

It wasn't really disappointment I felt when he had said he'd meant to marry someone he had chosen for himself to be the mother of his children, but I felt a jab from his words, either way. It made me feel unworthy of carrying his flesh and blood.

Knowing his distrust of me, I was actually quite surprised he hadn't asked immediately if it was truly his or demanded a DNA test. Then again, it was too early to tell. He could very well command it later on, which wouldn't surprise me a bit. I understood fully that, whenever it came to me or anything associated with me, he had little confidence in my believability.

"Are you okay, Reiss?" There was a snag to my voice, almost as if pleading with him to fully see me to see the woman within, crying out to reach him, anything at all. But he never did. I was lost, and he hadn't even bothered to leave a trail of crumbs for me. He felt nothing, wanted nothing, and I should start accepting that.

"I was just thinking ... about how cruel life be ..." he mused, although with little thrill in his voice. "Just when I thought life was going to get better and brighter, a whole maelstrom of fucks follows through. I guess fate put you in my life to remind me I'm nothing but a mere mortal, a defenseless human to handle whatever it throws at me. What a bloody warped trick, don't you agree?"

I wasn't sure what to say; thus, I remained quiet. In fact, I was on the verge of tears, but I willed myself to get it together. I couldn't very well breakdown right in front of the man who thought I was his bad luck. Maybe I was, though I was purely in denial of it. Was I that blinded by my own desires that I couldn't see him for what he truly was? A broken man. A shattered man of my own making.

I had no one to blame but myself for turning him into such a cynical bloke, too wrecked to acknowledge when a blessing had come along.

Chapter 20

Ava

It was 8:04 a.m. when my phone shrilled, bringing me more of a headache. I knew the moment I took the call without glancing at the caller ID that I'd regret it. I instantly heard my mother's screeching voice that one could compare closely to a cat being dragged by its tail, or maybe a feline sounding as if it was being murdered. It was a variation of things, but the sound was distinctively feline, for that I was sure.

Apparently, from the small sprouts of lucidity before she went off in her feline shrilling bender, Ashton dearest had visited my father, announcing the news I had restricted him from sharing.

Silently declaring him enemy number one, I gently rubbed my flat belly, as if apologizing for its maternal grandmother and how ungodly she could be when in the throes of demanding I straighten out my life or I would be forever disinherited from my father's will. Her threats were simply that-threats. I knew for a fact that my father wouldn't do such a thing, because I was his only child. Not to mention the fact that my paternal grandparents had placed a lockdown on who was going to inherit what my father had inherited to begin with, which was solely blood-related heirs, with their spouses excluded-a category my mother was in, not I. This profoundly irked her because, even though her family had money and were considered rich, they were not wealthy like my father's family. I supposed she was one lucky lady to have a doting husband who worshipped the ground she walked on, or she'd end up divorced and penniless with a notorious temper to boot.

"How could you disgrace your husband and your family with such foolishness, Ava? You were brought up to be better than rubbish. I didn't raise you to become a married harlot and bear a poor man's child!" she spat out, sounding as though she was hyperventilating over the phone. "You're carrying a bastard child! You have to get rid of it! That's the only way I can forgive you, or we will never speak to you again. Is that understood?"

That did it! Gone was my sleepiness, and in came my uncontrollable rage, wanting to tear her to pieces. I blew a gasket.

"How dare you call my baby a bastard! First off, the poor man you're referring to isn't so poor anymore! In fact, he's probably ten times richer than any of us combined. And, more to the point, my child might be a bastard to the rest of you lot, but what matters most is that this child of mine will be loved. I'll make bloody damn sure he or she won't know how simple minded and pathetic their grandmother is, because you won't ever know this baby!" My raging tirade wasn't finished.

"You'll disown me? Well, how about I renounce you as my horrid mother? All my life, you have done nothing except undermine whatever it was I wanted to do because it would be embarrassing for you. Well, guess what, dearest mother? You're your own embarrassment. No one truly respects a woman who made everyone around her want to take their own lives because it's so much easier to die than deal with your never-ending moans and whines. No one likes you, not even your so-called friends. They all pretend they do, but the truth is, I heard one of them say they'd wish you'd disappear from their lives. Without father, you would have no one, and that's the sad, tragic truth."

The line went eerily quiet, although I could hear faint traces of her breaths.

"How dare you make such fabricated lies to hurt me! Your father will make you pay for this. I hope you and your bastard child live a hard, excruciating life. Let's see how long you'll last." After the last word parted from her poisonous lips, she immediately cut the call.

Throwing the phone on top of my duvet, I huffed as if the device had scalded me while my mother's words rang in my ears. What sort of woman would wish their own flesh and blood to go through hardship? What kind of woman did that? That was a harsh, cold-hearted thing to say, even for her. I mean, I had known she would be a bit mad and a little off the bender, but I had still thought she possessed a functioning heart.

Our conversation had dispelled any doubts that her soul was as black as coal. My mother was the same as always-hiding behind threats of my father's wrath.

Reeling from her bashful treatment, I stayed in bed until I knew I wasn't shaking from rage. She had the knack for pressing the wrong buttons, and the second she had called my baby a bastard, the loose screw had become unhinged.

After last night's tiresome encounter with Reiss, I had little energy left to move. He had obviously had alcohol in his system, and therefore, he basically spouted whatever came to mind. Most of the words I wished to have never heard. My heart wasn't in tune with my brain; both were functioning as they pleased.

Apart from his unwelcomed opinion and thoughts, he and I had agreed that we would co-parent the baby, and we'd eventually take time in the future to set a schedule that would suit us both. I get to have five days while he'd settle for two, for the time being. It was rather surprising that I could almost describe our conversation as harmonious since we hadn't bickered.

After his spiteful words, once we had started discussing baby matters, his overall tone had shifted into being much more relaxed and seemingly approachable. I admit, it was nice to be around him without any sort of strain. I had almost forgotten how amazing it was to simply admire him from afar. I supposed some things never changed, like my serious fixation on the very man himself as well as knowing I could literally watch him all day and not grow bored of it.

The time would come when he'd eventually marry, and I knew that, when the day did arrive, I wouldn't be prepared to say goodbye. After all, I had refused before. Maybe I'd simply love the man forever, unconditionally and hopelessly. It was rather wretched to admit this; however, he was the one who'd gotten away, and he had taken my heart along with him.

"I need to stop thinking about him, or I'll end up starving myself," I said to myself as I reluctantly called room service for a simple scrambled eggs with only freshly cracked pepper as its seasoning along with white toast and a glass of fresh orange juice.

I could do light meals, but if I went beyond eggs and toast, my stomach ended up revolting. Retching continuously almost on a daily basis made me somewhat weary and afraid of food. It was a bad fear since the baby needed nutrition to grow, although the thought of food had begun to give me goose bumps. Never had I imagined pregnancy would turn me into a picky eater. Alas, this was a tiny price to pay for the miracle I had never thought would be granted to me. I was more than grateful for that.

Just as I had anticipated, my breakfast went down fine. Though I was still a little unsettled, I thought I would be able to be around common folks. Allie and I were meeting up after she had lunch with her mum. I intended to break my silence and tell her that I was expecting, and of course, the fact that it wasn't Ashton's as well as the details of my sudden decision to divorce him. Then there was also the fact that Craig was actually Reiss ... Yeah, this catching up over coffee would most likely take up the rest of the afternoon.

I was already bracing myself for her drilling questions and those endless looks that usually gave away how worried she was about me. Apart from these major setbacks, I was actually looking forward to seeing her. After being awakened by my mother's irrational upheaval, I needed someone to talk to. Well, if truth be told, I simply needed someone to sit there while I vented out every single intricate frustration I had with my life at the moment. Just like psychotherapy without the psycho bit attached.

Normally, I took time to get ready when I met friends and family, but today, I opted to wear black jeans with a simple cotton shirt and my favorite black Chanel Chambon flats. Any woman could choose to wear dire looking apparel and use one Chanel accent in her outfit; it instantly made you look effortlessly chic. Finishing the look with a silk scarf, I was set to leave. We had agreed to meet at The Connaught in Mayfair to savor some tea as we divulged in their miniature elaborately and beautifully handcrafted cakes.

After a quick cab ride and barely any wait time until Allie's arrival, we were seated in a quiet corner before she randomly requested a bottle of French Rose to be immediately served.

Once the waiter had left to do her bidding, I gave her a raised brow. "Stressful day, I take it?"

She rolled her eyes. "Mothers, sometimes I loathe them." She tapped on her phone as if she was sending a very loaded message. "She truly believes I should do more priming to attract myself a decent man to marry instead of living the mad cluster-fuck that my so-called petty life is all about." She was apoplectic, obviously enraged at her mother's not so mild of a suggestion. "Of course, my normal reaction was to defend myself. She was being such a bugger, and she should know better than to reprimand me on how to live my life. I like my life mighty fine, thank you very much."

Putting her cell phone on vibrate, she then gave me her undivided attention. "Enough about my mother and our disastrous lunch date. How are things? How is Ashton?" She made a knowing look, as if Ashton was such a romantic and the perfect man for me, before saying, "He's missing you mad and is here to take you away from me, isn't he?"

Well ... She wasn't far off.

"He was actually asking when you would be available to see him. I remember him complaining about how your schedule's been hectic and how grandly disappointed he was that he couldn't get onto your social roster. I suppose he felt left out." This was true. He had mentioned as much the second week he was here.

"How could I? I was dashing calls since I was actually out of the country and didn't want my parents to ever find out that-" she paused, blushing as though she was in the hot seat before shyly biting her bottom lip.

"I think I've found the one," she whispered, like it was top secret. "I've never felt this sort of connection with a man. Ava, it's disrupting my concentration quite a bit, and I couldn't help but to keep going. I'm majorly frightened, and yet, I couldn't grasp the thought of not ever seeing where this would end."

Blinking, I frowned at her. "Is he-" I started, but she interjected.

"No, not him." She meant the lover she had introduced to me last. "I just had no idea," she wondered out loud, batting her long, sooty lashes for full effect. "I mean, I'm not one to spend the rest of my days absorbing every bit of news in the media-that's just not like me ... so, when I met him, I didn't immediately recognize him until later on ... when everything clicked."

Bloody Hell, she better not say it was Craig Chambers, or I'd chop his balls off and feed them to the pigeons.

While Allie took forever to disclose the name, I became a little agitated. However, even though I was dying to ask her who it was again, there was something about her ... maybe it was the way she had this whimsical look on her that made me decide to let her process things as she went along.

"Swear you won't judge me, Ava?" she asked, pleading.

My frown deepened even further. Who was the bloody man, for fuck's sake?

"Of course. As long as the man isn't a convicted felon, then I promise to support you, even though I might be dying from holding my opinions to myself."

Releasing a strained breath, she said, "It's Sebastian Black."

"Oh." I paused, stilling. "Fuck."

"My point precisely."

Sebastian Black. Billionaire extraordinaire. The man was a living, breathing sex pistol with legs, but his mother had been involved in an illicit, scandalous affair with William Davenport, Allie's father. Not only that, but Sebastian Black was also famous for marrying one of England's top super models, though the couple were legally separated. Some said their tumultuous relationship had begun when Mr. Black allegedly cheated on her.

"Okay, I'm beyond shocked-not appalled-that it's him, but what I find more disconcerting is the fact that, a little over five minutes ago, you said, 'he's the one?' Holy insanity, Allie, you cannot be serious about him! Shagging him 'cause you fancied the bloke is one thing. It's clearly another when you're spouting words like 'he's the one!' The man is still unmistakably married, and as beautiful and lovely as you are, he might be looking for something fleeting and temporary. Seducing yourself into believing that he might actually take it seriously will only put you in such a heartbreaking position."

Allie wasn't the type to blurt out such nonsense like "he's the one," or anything remotely close to that. I had to clearly steer her away from where she wanted to navigate-into dangerous waters, waters she hadn't been in before. Falling in love with this man would cripple her, and I didn't want her to be in the same position I was. She deserved a man who could give her everything, not the other way around.

"I apologize if I sound harsh, but I don't want your first experience of falling in love to be like this. I'm a lost cause, but you," I said as I reached out to give her hand a squeeze, "you're heart is without malice. Don't give it to a man who might not treasure it. It's too precious to be taken for granted."

She made a sad look, causing my heart to ache just a tad. "He's not the man the media has painted him to be. Yes, he's complex and brilliant, but he's more than that. Underneath, he's actually a passionate man I could connect with on so many levels. But, of course, we've never discussed the affair our parents had nor did he want to talk about his estranged wife. And I guess, if I'm honest with myself, I'm not too ready to open those particular subjects just yet." She regretfully sighed before giving me a brave face. "But you're right; I shouldn't take this seriously. He never did give me promises of the future or anything. I'm probably one of many. I best keep that in mind."

Poor love. She looked shattered. I would be too if I was in her position.

"I'm sorry, my love. Maybe Mr. Right will introduce himself soon to keep your mind away from Mr. Right Now."

"Hell, Ava, your attempts at jokes haven't quite improved, even after all these years." She gurgled a laugh, her face breaking into a smile.

"You complain, and yet they never fail to make you smile." My jokes might be mediocre, but they were still effective. Frankly, I thought that, as long as the outcome was achieved, how it had begun and what had gone on in the middle was irrelevant.

"I can't help it. Anyhow, how's that ever-loving husband of yours? Please tell me you're not leaving just yet; we haven't had our usual fill of fun." She pouted as she curiously sipped her champagne whilst looking over the menu.

"About that..." I cleared my throat, preparing to do my hefty speech. "I'm actually staying indefinitely."

Let me just say that my bombshell of an announcement reached such loud, differentiated levels of "fuck" it was guaranteed she would be apoplectic with the news of my divorce. However, when I told her why it had come to that point, she immediately thawed and empathized with my situation. She was also delighted to find out about the baby and fiercely promised to castrate both Ashton and Reiss once she got her hands on them.

The rest of the day went by pretty quickly, and it wasn't before long until I was inside the cab, heading back to the hotel, oblivious to the scenes around me as I got lost in my own thoughts. Then, out of the blue, my phone snatched my attention, ringing as it flashed my cousin's name.

"Hello, cousin. I have a feeling this isn't a social, is it?" I inquired, smiling.

"I'm afraid your hunch is spot on. I'm guilty as charged," Toby Watson cheerily admitted. "News got to me about you planning to divorce Ashton. I hope you're safe and well?" He sounded concerned, most likely assuming, like the rest, that I'd gone off the deep end because Ashton and I had been together since the beginning of time. This was the main reason that, when breaking the news to my family, it had obviously come as a surprise.

But this was the typical Toby-always incredibly kind and caring. It was one of the things that made me confide in him since both of my parents were kind of hard to relate to. He was like the big brother I'd never had.

During the call, I found out that my mother had been hysterical, telling mostly anyone with an ear about my plan of divorce. Though I was a little shocked to know that, apart from that, she hadn't divulged anything else that was much bigger news, like my impending pregnancy and who'd fathered it. Looking at it prospectively, I supposed she still hoped for reconciliation, and that I would pass this on as Ashton's baby as they all, Ashton included, hoped. Well, they were in for a real shocker because I wasn't going to change my mind.

Exhausted from everything that happened today, I decided to take a light soak in the bathtub the moment I got back into my hotel room. The stress from dealing with all the drama was taking a toll on my energy levels, and I seriously needed some immediate relief.

Before I went into the bath, I stood naked in front of the mirror, studying my body and noting whatever changes it was going through. Though my abdomen remained flat, my breasts were a different matter. They appeared to be swollen, rounder, and heavier compared to a week ago. It was amazing how one's body had to go through such transformation to accommodate the baby growing inside. This was nature working its beautiful spell on me. It was beyond fascinating to see the minor changes already, even though I was in the early stages of pregnancy.

The drama caused by my mother, my family's curiosity, Ashton's reluctance in letting me go, and Reiss's reservations in me meant nothing compared to the happiness that this baby was giving me. The rest could go to shitters, and I would gladly survive it as long as my unborn child was all right and safe from harm. Be it a girl or a boy, I'd love it with my entirety.

Immersing myself in a tub filled with warm water, surrounded by stress relieving scents from the oils and candles around me-I thought it might do a splendid job. Basked in the calming ambiance, the water slowly worked my body into a less tensed state while the herbal scents did their magic in making me feel much lighter inside.

Uplifted, I emerged from my bath with a newfound vivacity. My skin felt freshly renewed as I vigorously applied some oils so my skin wouldn't have any stretch marks. I had read it in one of the magazines that the earlier, the better. Since the skin was stretching, it was best to keep hydrated at all times to ensure my skin's elasticity wasn't stressed for too long.

I was in the process of untying my hair when I heard the chime of the doorbell. What time was it?

Glancing at the nearby clock, it indicated it was barely thirty past eight in the evening. If it was my mother, I would most likely shut the door on her face because, if I didn't, she wouldn't leave me be until she had accomplished what she sought to do.

"Wait a second," I called out when the bell rung again, followed by a few taps rapped at the door.

Pacing quickly towards the entrance, I barely got the chance to tie the knot on my robe as I yanked the door open.

"Reiss-" I muttered, as my nose once again immediately detected the smell of alcohol on him.

"Hello, hello, pregnant lady," he greeted a little too enthusiastically, though his face appeared none too amused.

My eyes didn't directly meet his. I was too overwhelmed with how gorgeous he was, standing there, sexily brooding with his hair somewhat less pristine and his jaw starting to grow stubble. He was the epitome of a delicious trifecta. He had this air of danger about him, making my stomach coil from unfurling desire.

Shrugging, I swung the door wider. "Why don't you come in? Is something the matter?"

He merely grunted as he took my invitation to come inside.

Securing the tie on my silk robe, I tried to cover up as much as I could, feeling naked around him. I then looked away while I went to the bar and plucked out a bottle of water from the fridge, attempting to distract myself by hydrating my body.

"You know, I can smell alcohol on you." Placing the cap back on the bottle, I met his gaze full on.

He stood right in the middle of the living room with a unreadable expression. His eyes radiated such intensity that my body instantly responded with my nether region throbbing for his touch. How could he affect me so? He wasn't even touching me, for goodness sake! What was worse was the fact that, since I was pregnant, his appeal had become a hundred times more lethal.

If he touches me, I thought with profound longing, I'll most likely set myself on fire.

"Your father came to see me today. He's demanding that I marry you, his ever precious only daughter," he stated as a matter of fact, making me snap out of my daydreaming.

"I beg your pardon?" I shrieked, reddening from head to toe. Gone was my horniness and in came immense mortification. "My father said what?"

Still expressionless, he carelessly said, "You heard me right the first time, Ava. There's no need to repeat such words. It does nothing to alleviate the wretched mood I'm in."

"Marriage ..." I muttered to myself, thinking my parents had certainly lost their damn minds. My father, whom I had yet to confront, was acting like a complete ogre. "That's hardly an option." Meeting his eyes once more, I nervously licked my lips. "I'm still married, so there's nothing to worry about."

He snorted, placing both hands in his pockets. "If you're planning to raise this child while you're married to Ashton, then you and I are going to have some problems, Ava. I don't want my child to be around him, not if I can help it."

Well, he certainly did have strong opinions when it came to Ashton.

"I mean to divorce him. I do, but he isn't willing to cooperate." The bugger had been ignoring me for a couple of days, which had only made me wonder if my father had stepped in and taken care of it. If there was someone who could get it done, it would be him.

"Your father would hate for his first grandchild to be a bastard. Apparently, your bloodline doesn't take to bastards." He threw me a pointed look before continuing, "To appease him since he threw a lot of things that he had 'provided' for me to start my education, I agreed to his demand."

"No!" I yelped. "I don't want a marriage like that."

I had wanted to be his wife yet not under these circumstances. More importantly, he wasn't in love with me. He loathed the very sight of me. What had possessed him to agree to my father's ludicrous demands? It was pretty archaic. He definitely didn't look pleased with my answer, however.

Stepping closer to me with the bar still between us, he appeared calm and collected, as if he had already decided it was going to happen. "We can get married just to get your family off my back. Don't reject it just yet. Try to listen to my reasoning before you make a decision." He paused, making sure I understood what he was asking of me.

I gave him a nod, telling him to go on.

Hands intertwined, he rested them against the bar. "Once we're married, we'll go on as usual. We'll both lead separate lives, even though we'd be in the same household. The main priority is the child you're carrying, and that he or she will be legally mine. After everything is settled, you can do whatever you like-divorce or whatever you wish. You call the shots."

"Oh." He meant a fake marriage. I wasn't sure what was worse-him loathing me on sight or that he was offering me a fairytale that didn't involve him.

His words echoed in my head. Once we're married, we'll go on as usual. We'll both lead separate lives, even though we'd be in the same household. Could I possibly live under the same roof as him, watching him from afar while he quietly carried on with mistresses?

Nervously clearing my throat, I asked, "So, does this mean separate bedrooms? I mean, what do you expect from me as your pseudo-wife?"

"There won't be any sex involved. I just have to make that clear. I would try to be fair and say that you could carry on in your affairs with male consorts, but you're pregnant, so that's irrelevant. Also, I'd like to keep this private as much as possible. I don't want anything to tarnish my name or my company's brand. I'd carry on with my lifestyle and ensure that none of it would be a nuisance to you.

"And, since we're already discussing terms, you're more than welcome to state yours and what you expect from the pre-nuptial agreement, spousal support, and so forth. I'm more than willing to accommodate your wishes as long as they're reasonably in my limits. I want you to be taken care of and not want for anything when married to me."

What a heart-warming speech. It simply made me want to jump for joy. He had basically explained in an intricate manner that he was going to carry on with his women while I secretly kept to myself in his household, spoiled rotten and pampered like a bloody fool. And, oh, I would brilliantly get monthly stipends for being Mrs. Chambers. How smashing. Totally. Truly.

Just pure, utter madness.

"Listen, Reiss. Let's pretend this conversation didn't take place. You're drunk, and I'm utterly exhausted. My capacity for tolerance when conversing with madness and lack of common sense has reached its limit. I beg of you, please change your mind about this."

"I can't-I gave him my word."

"You can very well un-give it."

He let out a breath, shaking his head. "His lawyers and my team are already drawing up the contracts."

Bloody Hell.

"No, Reiss. Don't do this," I begged, feeling even more unworthy to become his.

The whole situation mocked me, making it blatantly obvious that he would never see me differently or fall for me again. It was tragic to keep being reminded of it. What's more, each time, the blow seemed like it was brand new. My hurt kept growing. Even though I felt I should be numb to it, it would always prove me wrong.

"It's already done." He breached the gap between us by rounding the side of the bar, approaching me at a speedy rate. "I'm merely here to convince you to say yes to my proposal," he whispered quite close to my face, caging me in with his body. It was a cruel torture to be this close to him and know I should resist him, or I'd lose my stance on the subject.

His hand touched my chin, lifting my gaze to meet his. "Say yes, Ava."

This close to him, I felt utterly powerless. My body was bound to him, and it was only a matter of time until my resistance would cease to exist. Until then, I shouldn't give him the liberty.

"Go home. We'll talk tomorrow," I pleaded. "I promise."

My breathing hitched when I thought he was angling his head to kiss me, but instead, his lips brushed my ear.

"I don't trust you..." he spoke into my ear, making me effortlessly shiver as I felt his body heat almost touching me, "so I'm not leaving this room until you've given me your word." He strategically pressed his chest against mine, teasing the tips of my nipples against my silk robe, making me bite back a moan from the severe pleasure it gave me.

"Reiss ... stop," I groaned, frustrated at his machinations. "Seducing me into marriage isn't right." Though I wouldn't protest much if he did decide to follow through. I wanted him like no other. And at times like these, I was willing to settle this for the moment.

"But it's working, isn't it?" he taunted, roving his magnetic gaze over my body as if he was seeing me naked. "I look at you, and you immediately respond to me. Ten years is a very long time, Ava, yet it hasn't changed. Not. One. Little. Bit."

"You're not being fair. You can't use this against me."

"Oh, can't I? But I love watching you. You're so responsive. It makes my cock hungry just thinking of it." And to punctuate his point, he nudged his hardness against the slit of my thigh, warming my sensitive skin with his arousal.

My retort came out as a moan. I softly parted my lips, gravitating towards him as he started to rhythmically thrust into my thigh, inches away from my hot folds.

"Aren't you hungry for this, Ava?" Thick though was his yearning, his amusing laughter immediately dampened my mood. It wasn't a cruel laugh, but it somehow sounded halfway between mockery and arrogance that I couldn't get enough of him.

I was convinced he was used to this-treating women like his playthings while he mastered being such a complete, callous bastard. Or maybe it was just me, and he treated his other women differently. Maybe he still made love the way he used to yet only shared his cruel side with me.

Images of him plunging into his girlfriend played before me, creating such poisonous jealousy it completely took hold of me.

"What if I tell you that I've been already fed, and I'm very much satisfied at the moment?"

His jovial manner rapidly died. Sharp breaths hit my neck as his breathing came in short pants. He hadn't said a word, yet I could feel his anger rolling off him in waves. I wished I could've said something to dispel it, but I had run out of excuses. The longer the time stretched with his silence, the more it made me nervous. His body was tensed like he was holding back something.

I was starting to panic when I barely heard him ask me something. "Are you...?" he paused, breathing unevenly. "Are you lying to me?"

His question confused me because he sounded as if I had wounded him. He even almost sounded like he was in pain. Why? He absolutely didn't want me; he had declared it minutes ago when he had stated he wasn't ever going to consummate the marriage proposal he had thrown at me. This most likely stemmed from Ashton's deep-seated hate toward him. He was getting territorial because he felt like I had betrayed him for Ashton, which was absurd since he and I weren't anything apart from co-parents to the baby. Subsequently, for him to act this way was completely unfounded.

"My sex life isn't your business. I can do as I please, so you don't have the right to interrogate me about it."

He didn't take kindly to that. In fact, he sounded like he was about to lose it, hissing like a demented man against my ear. "Don't fuck with me, Ava."

The man simply had asked for it. "No," I gritted out, emphasizing it distinctly. "I'm obviously not fucking you, Reiss. I don't want to. Ever."

"You're pregnant with my fucking baby!" he roared, utterly livid as he threw me an accusing look. "My child, Ava! It's my child that's growing inside you, and you let that filthy man fuck you stupid?"

Good Heavens, he was looking at me as if I just told him I was a murderer.

"Jesus, Reiss. You can't truly be serious about being angry with me? I mean, I bet you slept with someone last night. Hell, maybe even today before you came here. Breathe, for fuck's sake!"

He growled like a bloody animal as he placed his palms on the sides of my head. "Tell me what he did to make you part your legs for him!" he demanded, hissing in my face.

Double standard bastard to the highest order! Did he take me for an idiot? He'd been going about town with a woman on his side, clearly enjoying his bachelor life. For him to demand such crude things from me was beyond untoward.

"Go. To. Hell!"

"I'm already there, love," he stated in a tone that went straight to my heart. "Or did you forget that you sent me there years ago?"

When I had tried to make amends, he had played recklessly with my feelings, toying with my vulnerability. I understood his need for revenge, even the hate-he had the right for it. I expected it and all of his vindictiveness.

"I'm sorry for that. I truly am." What was done was done, and there was nothing I could do to change it. We were not teenagers any longer; we were grown adults. Had he given me the chance to show him from the start how I truly felt, things would have turned out differently, but he hadn't opted for that. Instead, he had decided to crush my heart, acting upon revenge to make himself feel better.

"Maybe, if you tell me what happened, it might slowly redeem you."

He was relentless. I knew this side of him, and he wouldn't ever stop until he had the answer he wanted.

Begrudgingly conceding to his request, I recalled a particular night about five days after Ashton had arrived from New York. "I was sleeping when he came in. He managed to acquire a keycard from the lobby since he told them I'm his wife." Reiss listened, his eyes never tearing away from my face. "I can't remember much, but I woke up naked with him between my legs, teasing me with his tongue..."

"Go on," he immediately insisted.

Biting my lip, I reddened as I prepared to speak again. "I was still half asleep, so it didn't register yet. He carried on for quite some time ... until I came."

"And you let him fuck you," he smoothly concluded before his fingers snapped before me. "Just like that!"

No, it hadn't been like that at all, but I was beyond infuriated with him for simply demanding I tell him everything when it hadn't been so long ago that he had told me he didn't want anything from me. From the second he had learned about the baby, he had been acting as if he hadn't said such harsh words to me. How could he treat me like that and then carry on with his life, shagging his mistress as if he hadn't cheated on her with me?

"Are you not even going to respond?"

"I wasn't aware that it was actually a question." Bravo. I truly despised him with a passion in this instant.

His eyes darkened with almost no green showing in them, fury leading his logic. "You-"

My temper colorfully matched his. I began to shake in my rage, so much so that a few strands of my hair fell out of my loose bun. "Don't you dare say it!" I spat at him, ready to take him on. If acting like a complete brute was his way of achieving things, then I should do the same. "Insult me one more time, Reiss-I fucking dare you- and I'll never divorce Ashton. You'll be fighting me for parental rights from across the Atlantic Ocean." I felt incensed and unjustifiably irrational, and I couldn't seem to stop it from happening.

"Have you not learned anything? You know better than to throw such provocation." His eyes danced, anger mixed with something more potent. "I don't abide by the rules. I dare because I can," he said just as he tugged the tie off my robe in one swift movement, instantly parting the silk that had been barely covering my nipples, my nether region blatantly exposed to him. "I dare because this"-he cupped both of my breasts, squeezing them with a tinge of roughness-"this ... is mine."

Shit. How could he simply manipulate my body into working against me? It was purely cruel, and even though it was, my moans didn't go unnoticed.

One hand remained while the other explored farther below, drifting down past my navel as it sought towards the crevice between my legs that were slightly parted in anticipation of his touch. Then, parting the lips of my pussy coarsely before he slid his middle finger into my entrance, he grunted my name just as it gripped his finger, greedy for more.

"This is all mine," he vowed with such raw emotion it became my undoing. "It's always going to be mine."

I sobbed from losing control of my body and how much truth there was in his words. "You've made your point. Please, stop."

"I can't," he muttered in vain. "I fucking wish I could ... you don't know how much I wish I could." His thumb found the sweet nub, rubbing it in circular motions while his finger started to fuck me. "I dream of you just like this, surrendering yourself to me like you did the first time."

I spiraled out of control as I opened myself to him farther, past caring about our differences. What mattered was him and what he was creating inside me. The ache inside was merely being teased, and I was desperate to have more of him.

"Reiss, no more, please. I can't-" I cried out from frustration. "I need you to fuck me. Please ... just fuck me."

"I've never heard anything sexier from you." The words of praise rushed out of his lips as he took care of his clothing. The sound of his pants falling onto the ground made me even wetter, anticipating the feel of him, all powerful and magnificent, pleasuring himself with my body.

"Christ!" he growled as his cock impaled me, momentarily paralyzing me as he guided himself, seating deeply inside me. "Why do you always feel the same-just fucking perfect and so beautifully tight?" His left hand cupped my face, staring at me as if he was seeing me for the first time. His eyes had always possessed the power to disarm me.

His cock was still deep inside of me, throbbing enormously from blatant arousal, but he remained still, unmoving as he penetrated deeply into my eyes. In this instant, I wasn't sure what was going through his head. It was hard to read him.

"I haven't really looked at you, truly looked at you since that night in the middle of the rose bushes while moonlight kissed your skin." It had been our last night together before I had broken his heart the next day.

Right now, he had this expression on his face, as if mesmerized. He took his time, caressing, memorizing every contour of my face, as if he was reacquainting himself, as if noting everything he could remember.

"You're eyes haven't changed much. You're still unbelievably beautiful. It hurts to look at you sometimes."

It felt surreal, as though I was hallucinating that he was gazing at me like he used to. It was bittersweet, and I couldn't help being pulled into it, exalting in his touch. It was as if he really was touching me for the first time. In a sense, he was after all these years because it was the first time he had touched me with tenderness.

When his thumb reached out to my bottom lip, grazing it lightly at the tip, my tongue inadvertently came out to slowly taste it, making him grunt in response.

"Ava," he said hoarsely, the pull of desire hanging between us like magnets attracting each other. "I used to love kissing these lips."

The look in his eyes, the feel of him inside me, caused me to barely hear him properly. I couldn't tear my gaze off him as I breathed him in, basking in the very feel of him. The love I felt for him had seized me whole.

Fulfilling my own curiosity, I touched his face. I wasn't sure what came over me, but I had this sudden urge, this need so strong I couldn't help succumbing to it.

"I'm sorry, but I can't wait forever," I rushed out my apology, just as I brusquely brought his face towards mine, kissing him as ravenously as I could. I kissed him hard, like it was a punishment and a blessing. I kissed with my heart, my all, and he eagerly responded in the same alarming hunger. He made a guttural sound that reminded me of a famished lion that was about to lose control as it greedily feasted on its capture.

He took everything he could, stripping me bare with every kiss he granted me. He felt like a man out of control, almost slamming me against the wall as he took my leg and harshly withdrew before driving into me with such an obliterating thrust it took my breath away.

"Ava-" he said in between kisses, withdrawing and sliding his cock back inside me with the same ferocity. "Damn you. You fucking always make me feel like an animal! This need to be inside you is maddening. You're all I think about."

"Take as much as you can, then. Feast on this hunger. I'm yours for however long you want me." It was hopeless fighting my love for him. I was battling something that was larger than life. There was no point in denying myself, even if I could be with him only for a short amount of time.

He gave me a doubtful look, appearing almost nervous as I noted the bobbing of his throat. "I might not stop for days-weeks even. Are you sure you can handle that?"

"For you ... only for you. I'll endure anything to please you."

Chapter 21

Ava

An odd sensation woke me from my deep slumber. Without opening my lids, I noted the achy muscles and the soreness between my thighs. It almost made me smile, thinking how ravenous Reiss had been. When he'd said he could fuck for days, he had truly meant it. However, after the third time he had taken me, I had been ready to wave my white flag, begging for a short hiatus. I remembered us falling asleep on the bed.

Even though I hadn't opened my eyes yet, I knew he was intensely staring at me. The old Reiss used to study me whilst sleeping and defenseless. Although, with this new version of him, I wasn't sure what ran through his mind. I was more afraid he regretted it now that he had been given the chance to pause and think properly without his cock leading his reasoning.

The idea of him regretting it almost brought tears to my eyes. But, if it did happen, I shouldn't take it too hard. He was a virile male who enjoyed women, and I was the ex-lover whom he needed to get out of his system. Once he got his fill, he'd resume his hankerings of beautiful women. What a truly sad thing to think about after what I had just shared with him, but it was my reality and there was no point in sugarcoating the truth.

Not wanting to be exposed and vulnerable to his scrutiny, I slowly shifted to the other side, facing away from him. Regulating my breathing, I thought of calming clouds or anything of that nature when I felt his hand against my back, softly tracing my spine. He took his time, gliding against my skin before I felt the heat of his body slowly moving behind me. His lips were the first things I felt as they left a soft kiss on my nape.

"You still look like the girl I fell in love with all those years ago," he started saying as his fingers caressed the side of my hips while his lips left tracks against my shoulder blades. "It's unfortunate I can't love you the way I used to. Everything is too late for us. Don't ever fancy yourself falling in love with me. It'll only ever hurt you."

His words struck me hard, leaving me hurt while he tried to ease the pain with his kisses. Did he know I was awake and that was why he thought giving me a warning whilst softening the blow would make things easier for us? What if I told him that it was much too late, that I was in love with him? Would it make a difference? Somehow, I believed it would make him run, avoiding me like the plague. It was best if I kept that secret to myself, or I might end up regretting driving him away. Once was enough. I doubted I'd survive being excluded from his life for a second time.

I fell asleep with my troubled thoughts leading the way. Even though he was holding me close, breathing evenly against my neck, the sweet gesture brought little comfort after his words had ingrained themselves into my mind, burning into my soul, leaving me empty and hollow and utterly incomplete.

Hours passed, and I woke up in the same position, with him spooning me from behind. Slowly glancing at the time, I almost choked on my saliva when I saw it was one in the afternoon. "Reiss, wake up!" I tapped him on the shoulder a few times before he started to grumble in protest. "It's one p.m., and you're bloody late for work!"

He said something inaudible before his hands reached for me, pulling me back against his hot, hard body. "The world will survive without me for a day," he softly whispered behind my ear, just as I felt his cock slowly growing against my bottom.

"You can't be getting randy when you're late for work!" I reprimanded him, even though my body was in tune with his, readily responding.

"Of course I'm randy ... I'm next to you." He grinned as he shifted me onto my back while situating himself above me. "Open those glorious legs, love. I need you ... desperately."

"Don't you even care that you're not at work?" I found myself smiling as I gazed at him, temporarily banishing the words of warning he had spoken last night.

Bringing his face to mine, I softly kissed him. After a few minutes, we broke apart, feeling as if we were back to the old us. My left hand reached out to touch his chest, wanting to trace it, when something caught me off guard. My wedding ring had disappeared, replaced by another ring.

Staring at it wildly, I disentangled myself from Reiss as I placed my hand before me, clueless as to what was going on. "Reiss, my wedding ring ... it's gone." Panic seized me as I looked at him, uncertain what to think. Without that familiar ring, I felt naked.

He suddenly had this serious expression. "I took it off last night, replacing it with the ring I chose for you."

"What?" I shrieked. "Why would you do that? Can you please give it back?"

"You still don't like any ring I get you, it seems. I guess some things just don't ever change."

His stony expression made me gaze at the ring. His ring.

"But, I haven't said yes ..." The words echoed around me as I admired the beautiful, antique sapphire setting with a diamond eternity band. As if being proposed with a fake marriage wasn't humiliating enough, the beautiful ring made me feel gaudy, like I was temporarily filling someone else's spot.

"I see. Of course you wouldn't marry me." He shrugged as though he didn't care one way or the other as he slowly slid off the bed, gloriously naked with his morning wood protruding proudly. He went to the coffee table across the bedroom before returning to me with Ashton's ring. "Here. I meant to give it back to you when you woke, but I got distracted."

Taking the ring out of his hand, I murmured a small thank you. Then I watched while he started to stride towards the bathroom, making me suddenly feel ill because I knew he was going to leave. He felt like I was rejecting him, but it wasn't him that I was rejecting; it was the manner in which he had proposed that I didn't agree with.

"You're leaving, aren't you?"

"I am. I have to go see your father and tell him that we're not-Well, you're not going through with it. The lawyers need to be told ... and I need to get away."

I could hear the shower being turned on, and I launched off the bed, not bothering to cover myself as I went inside the bathroom, gripped by the fear that I had already lost him.

"So that's it, then?" I half yelled at him just as he was about to get into the shower.

The man who had been smiling down at me less than ten minutes ago was long gone. "What's it, Ava?"

"You fuck me until you're sick of it, and then you just leave." Hurt had triggered my words, but I kept it hidden, only showing him my anger.

"I'm leaving because I have to!" His face contorted as he hungrily roved his eyes all over my body. "I'm leaving because..." He took a deep breath, lost for words. "Maybe because you're being bloody insufferable, walking in here stark naked. Fuck!" he growled as he yanked me towards him, capturing my lips as he lifted my body and situated me on the marbled countertop before he stepped in between my legs, never letting go of my lips.

"Just one more. I swear I'll leave you be," he hissed as if he was asking for permission. "Just one more ..." He barely finished saying the words before he hurriedly drove himself into me. "Your cunt is my drug. I can't get my fill of it. God help me, I just fucking can't."

"Don't stop," I moaned, begging for him to continue. "Pound me harder..."

"Don't talk dirty, or I might not last long," he warned as I clung to him harder, more eager for him to do as he pleased.

"I don't care, just, please, fuck me. I need to feel all of you."

He stopped, cupping my face with both hands as we panted at each other. "Say you'll marry me."

Not again. "Reiss-"

He shook his head before placing his thumb on my lips, shushing me. "Marry me, and I'm all yours."

What did he mean by all yours? Like he'd grant me my wish by shagging me senseless until I'd satisfied my urges ... or he was all mine forever, as my husband, my partner for life? Somehow, I had a feeling that he meant the first one, although hearing him say those words had made me feel dizzy.

"Ava?"

"For how long?" I heard myself say. "For how long do you want us married?"

"Until you decide to divorce me." There was a new determination on his face, making me even more drawn to him.

Could I do it-marry him and pretended that I didn't love him to distraction? Could I turn a blind eye to his sex life and focus on him wanting to be a good father? Maybe ... for however long I could endure it.

"Okay, I'll do it."

"Say it louder, Ava. I can't hear you," he teased just as I felt his hand reach for my left hand then onto my ring finger, making sure the ring was still there.

"I said I'll marry you." Smiling though my heartbreak, I let his touch cure a little of the pain that wracked my body. "I'll marry you."

"Christ, stop gripping my cock like that," he protested with a little thrust of his hips. "Don't stop telling me, love. I want to keep hearing you say it. I want to hear it until I'm deaf from you screaming into my ears."

And so I did. I chanted my promise to him as he took my body to new heights, riding along the waves of my ecstasy as he spilled his seed into my womb. Hissing my name out, he took a bite of my shoulder right where it connected to the base of my neck, making me scream into oblivion as I came again on his raging cock that still kept spilling semen into my depths.

I love you, I thought painfully as he hungrily kissed me, almost making me believe he, too, felt the same, that he was just as in love with me as I was with him.

*

"How long before my divorce from Ashton takes place once everything is signed and submitted?" Glancing at Reiss as he tapped on his phone, I was hoping he'd know more because I had no idea what to do from here. Earlier on, he had mentioned that my father had everything handled, but since I wasn't speaking to my father just yet, Reiss would have to be the one I bothered with all these divorce-related questions.

"Hmm?" he responded, clearly distracted by whatever it was he was doing.

I sighed, feeling as though I was an absolute nuisance. "Never mind. Well, actually, I was wondering if you wanted to go somewhere to have dinner." We'd been staying in all day, and I felt the need for fresh air.

"Sorry, but I can't. I promised my mother I'd take her somewhere tonight. Besides, I have to give her the update that she'll soon be a grandmother." He smiled, reaching out to touch the loose hair on the side of my face.

His mother ... damn.

"How are Marie and your father? I hope all is well." I hadn't really spent much time with them when I had been seeing Reiss back in the day. I supposed we had been so bent on keeping our relationship a secret I didn't really bother with any relationship to either of them.

"They're both well and retired. My father developed a severe back problem after he fell off the ladder whilst trimming bushes that were ten feet high. I was in university at the time, so I couldn't possibly support them then. He had kept on working, enduring his pain to support mum and him. But the second I graduated, I gave them my first paycheck. And, from then on, I started giving them about half of it since I really didn't need much to survive. They were old and I was young; I could make that small sacrifice just so they could stop working. It was my turn to take care of them, and I haven't backed down from that promise.

"At first, my mother wasn't quite keen on taking my money since I had barely started working and was only getting paid at the minimum, but I convinced her otherwise. They've done enough for me. Besides, my parents were my purpose behind all the hard work, all the late nights, and lack of sleep. I did it to ensure their retirement as much as my future.

"I see mum at least once a week and my father, as well, on the occasion that he's willing to drive to London. But we do get together as a family once or twice a month."

My heart swelled at his speech, imagining him working rigorously in hopes that he would soon support his aging parents. He was a good man, and our child was blessed to have him as a father.

"Your parents are quite lucky to have you as their son. You love them with all your heart, uncaring about the sacrifices you've made for them. Others your age would have splurged their first pay on partying or shopping. You're a brilliant man. I'm sure most people tell you that, but I want you to hear it from me. You are..." I whispered before getting up from the couch to reach across the opposing seat and giving him a grand hug. "You're going to be a brilliant father, Reiss. I just know it."

"You think so?" He gave me a doubtful look. "It's daunting to think about it. The world is such a bitter place to be in. One mistake could finish a man. I hope I will guide my child to make better decisions in life. The thought of failing at being a parent makes me tremendously nervous."

"I have those fears, too. I'm sure it won't be a walk in the park; I can guarantee you that. If it's a girl, we'd better brace ourselves for the adolescent stage where everything she's feeling will be much more intense because her hormones will be going haywire, and she'll most likely be confused for a while, searching for her 'identity'-for what truly defines her. Not to mention the fact that we might have to sit her down for the birds and the bees kind of talk, which would truly be a hardship. And, if it's a boy, the endless college parties and the throng of women, the influence of peer pressure, being inebriated along with drug use." I let out a frustrated sigh, frowning as I looked at him. "The list could go on. You're right, this bloody thing is really daunting."

"Cheers, love. Glad you're seeing the big picture." Placing an arm around me, he pulled me closer to his body. I then rested my head against his shoulder, imagining the future. "I must tell you, though, if it's a girl, I'll make sure no boy will come snooping when she's of age. I'll hound them until they've buried themselves inside their closets. No boy would make my baby their practice meat, not a bloody chance in Hell."

Slapping his chest, I applied pressure to push myself to see his face. "I was practice meat?"

"No, of course you weren't." He paused, eyes fully wicked on me. "But, I dare say practicing with you was extraordinary."

Extraordinary.

Hmmm. "I like that. I think that truly defines what you and I were back then."

"How about we do one more practice before I head out to see mum?" he murmured, nipping my nape all the way towards the back of my ear.

"Tempting," I giggled, feeling like a hopelessly in love idiot. "But I'll take a rain check until I see you next. You've exhausted me. My vagina needs to recharge for a bit if you don't mind, thank you very much."

"I'll definitely be back for a rain check. Count on it." He winked at me before he attacked me on the sofa, kissing me towards oblivion.

Chapter 22

Ava

The next day, I went to meet Ashton for lunch. I hadn't seen him in days, and frankly, a part of me was worried about how he was doing. Ten years of marriage, living with him as his wife, had made it my second nature to wonder about him. I supposed we both were going through the motions of letting each other go.

Whatever it was my father had said to him, it had done its job. I guessed there was one thing my father had done right. Apart from that, however, I was still cross about his meddling with Reiss and making his future grandchild being a bastard an excuse to save face because, if word got out that I was carrying someone else's child, the gossipmongers would have a field day bashing our family. I cared less about their snotty indignant opinions than my mother; it meant the world to her. Someday soon, I would face him, and I wouldn't hold back directing how livid I was at him making me believe Reiss was dead and all the secretive measures he had taken to ensure Reiss was kept away from me.

Arriving at the restaurant Ashton and I had agreed upon, I banished all my thoughts about my father and Reiss, hoping I could fully put all of my attention to Ashton and arranging what needed to be done for the divorce. Obviously there were assets in question.

I had enough from my trust fund to last the baby and me for a lifetime since I had paid heed when the financial advisor had suggested I reinvest the money that I had inherited from my grandparents. Thanks to his brilliantly sound advice, the reinvested money generated monthly dividends to support me.

Apart from taking my own money with me, Ashton could have the rest. Besides, it was mainly his money that had bought most of the assets we had together; thus, it made perfect sense for him to keep them all.

When I informed the hostess that I was meeting someone, she kindly took my name and informed me Ashton was already here and waiting.

"Let me show you to your table," she offered, ready to lead me.

"Thank you, but I think I can navigate my way," I kindly declined her offer before I strode towards the dining area, scouting for the familiar face that made me feel wretched for breaking his trust and love. The things was, I wouldn't have broken it if it weren't for Reiss. He was the one, and I had no sense of control when it came to him. He was my kryptonite-my Achilles's heel-a weakness. He was the Camilla Parker-Bowles of our marriage, and even though I felt remorse and shame, this wretchedness that wouldn't ebb away until I was with Reiss couldn't be ignored.

I had spent years and years daydreaming, wishing and hoping, thinking it could never be, because the man was dead. However, all of those fancies had been brought forward the moment I had found him again, making it impossible, not to mention how unbearable it would be, to walk away from my fate. Any person who chose to walk away from what they were destined to live would forever be doomed. The damnation didn't come right away, though. It trickled slowly in as it softly drained you out, taking your happiness and hope until any sort of positivity you had in your soon ebbed away, just like a receding tide. You'd be the fish, thrashing and spattering, wondering how to survive without water. With nothing to rescue you, you'd lie on the wet sand, staring, unable to breathe, hoping something could save you from dying. Yet nothing would come to rescue you, and therefore, you would wait ... and wait ... breathing as much as you could, though not really living. You stayed that way, hopelessly paralyzed as you watched the time pass you by, waiting for the moment your suffering would end.

That had been me not too long ago because I had made an unmistakable error and denied my fate what it was destined to have. Second chances didn't come often, and when you were granted the opportunity, no one in their right mind would even think twice before they embraced it. This was me, embracing it even though I had no clue if I was doing the right thing or not. My heart was telling me that it was, yet my mind... Well, it was fickle.

However, it was of no matter since I knew the consequences of what one could go through after paying heed to their mind. I was trusting my heart and its instincts, knowing that, deep down, this was the right thing-the best thing-to do.

Spotting Ashton's table, I made my way towards him. Halfway through, I saw him stand up, his face breaking into a smile with his arms wide open, ready to give me a big hug.

"Ava," he said the second his arms closed around me. One word, yet so much emotion was invested in it.

For a while, I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, memorizing Ashton's smell and how it felt to be in his arms. My throat started constricting as I fought back the tears. Parting from him was going to be hard-I knew that-but going through the motions was simply twice as hard. He was a good man and a great husband who made sure I would want for nothing. But we weren't working out any longer, and I must make things right again by setting him free as I should've done a decade ago. I had been a coward, though, miserable with my life and the colossal mistake I had made by throwing Reiss away. I had hidden behind my pain and hoped that Ashton could cure me of everything I had been going through. He had been my Band-Aid, the man who'd tried to give me everything. It was tragic to go through letting go, especially breaking a unity such as marriage. However, it was time-high time-to set us free.

Slowly stepping away from his hold, I kissed him on the lips before sliding in the booth opposite to him. "I hope I didn't make you wait long. My sleeping pattern's been unpleasant. One night, I'll sleep all the way through, but the next I'll be up feeling nauseous at all hours." He gave me a smile yet said nothing else.

"How are you? Well, I hope." I was gently asking him the question I dreaded to voice since he obviously was devastated and not doing well.

"I'm shattered, as expected." He pressed his lips together, his eyes cast low. "But, of course, you know that."

"I do," I sighed, knowing just how much he was going through a rough period at the moment. "I take it that you've seen Father."

"Yes. Yes, I have been speaking to him," he replied right as the waiter appeared and greeted us with such a bright demeanor it somehow lightened the ambiance around the table. Once the waiter had left, his serious manner resurfaced. "Your father has a team of lawyers who could possibly expedite everything."

He cleared his throat, looking torn. "Ava, you know I don't want a divorce, and at first, I refused to give you one. Even now, I still reject the idea of it ... but it seems that your life has shifted at such a speedy rate that I have no means of knowing how to get you back, let alone catching up to you. It's a given that your betrayal gutted me beyond repair, but I believed that marriage is about working together through the highs and lows.

"Even after you confided that you are pregnant, even through the anguish, I optimistically thought that maybe your betrayal had to be done to receive a miracle. I felt it was a sacrifice before we could experience the joys of what parenthood might bring. We've known each other all our lives, and the thought of living a life without you makes me quite ill. I'm willing to risk defying your father to have you back in my life. I love you. You're my wife, and you're asking me to do the impossible."

This was shattering me to pieces, yet I knew I couldn't backtrack, or I would be risking far more than what I bargained for. I knew this process would be almost unbearable to go through, but I also knew, sooner or later, this would pass. However, listening to him speak with a pained voice made my resolve fracture a bit.

"Ash, saying sorry doesn't account for all the hurt I'm putting you through right now. I could say all the right things to apologize for my rotten actions and own selfishness, but I know nothing can ease the ache that's growing inside your heart. You must understand that I'm not only doing this because I'm pregnant. You've known all along how much he meant to me, and I know, deep down, that was one of the reasons behind your decision to hide the truth from me.

"In the first half of our marriage, how many tortured nights did I wake from a nightmare, crying uncontrollably and completely distraught because of wall the guilt and regret in my heart was weighing heavily on me to a point where it was becoming too hard for me to go on? You knew that, if I ever found out that he wasn't dead, I'd scour the entire earth until I found him." He didn't have to say anything to confirm my suspicions. His face said it all. He, too, was a victim of his own selfishness.

"I hate myself for hurting you this way, but I'd never forgive myself if I walked away from him again. Even now, I doubt he has forgiven me for what I've done, for what my parents have cost him, but I'm willing to take a chance and risk it all because I would rather spend a lifetime trying to make-up for what I have done than spend a lifetime loathing myself for not doing as such."

"I've always known I couldn't compete with him. That's why it was easy for me to keep what your father had committed, because I was guilty of wanting you for myself."

His admission wasn't something I hadn't already suspected. However, it made it clearer to me that I was doing the right thing for the both of us. During all those wasted years, I could've been so happy. The sad thought made me even more somber.

"I could say I'm sorry, too-for keeping the truth from you-but I cannot." His face was grim, yet it seemed it was finally dawning on him that he and I could no longer be together.

"We own several homes in America and here, money and all the other assets we have together ... We have to discuss these details." Yeah, he was definitely coming to terms with it. It was a relief, true, but at the same time, I felt wretched inside.

Focusing on him, I shook my head, not wanting anything from him. "All I want is to keep my own financial investments. As for the rest, it was all you, Ash. I'm not so selfish to even consider that I'm entitled to your hard-earned money because I married you."

I didn't understand women who sued their husbands for money and assets just because they had tied the knot. Working to earn a living was difficult enough, making sure you were investing your hard-earned cash into something more profitable was even more rigorous. I couldn't say I had done that myself, but I had seen how Ashton had slaved himself to become successful. Even though he had gone through an affluent upbringing, he had been quite determined to make it to the top without the help of his parents' money.

It was a brave thing to do, most especially in our kind of circle since most children wouldn't bat an eyelash at taking money, because it was their right to have it as the future heirs.

I was lucky enough that I didn't spend my grandparents' trust fund by splurging on fancy vehicles, luxurious vacations, and expensive shopping trips to Harrods-okay, the shopping trip I was guilty of since I had little to no restraint when it came to small luxuries. As for the rest, I had taken a chance of reinvesting it, and the risk had paid off. Had I not, I would be joining the rest of those privileged spawns who held out for allowances until Mummy and Daddy decided to give them ultimatums to work for the family business or find someone wealthier or more powerful to marry.

My mother would've been proud if I had chosen that path. That way she'd have more power and control over me, which would make her feel more like a mother since she believed she could make decisions for me, truly thinking that her own reasoning would be for my interest. The blatant truth was, I didn't really think she understood how to be a parent; therefore she'd throw little hissy fits and tantrums when she couldn't get her way. That way, she'd appear as if she was trying to be a good, responsible mother. It was sad really, if one came to think of it. At least I could use that experience and hope to be wise enough not to repeat that kind of mistreatment to my own child.

People only taught their own kids what they had learned and seen from their parents, and I would rather fully commit myself to be a full-time mum and ensure my child learned how to respect others. Respect could go a long way for the wise. Negligence and ignorance, on the other hand, was the reflection of our own misguided beliefs and lacking the sense to take a step back and reassess our lives. Denial could be anyone's downfall, which could only lead to a string of problems and failures. Then the process would repeat itself from one generation to the next.

My lunch with Ashton turned into more of a somber affair. Good-byes, regrets, and what might've beens became one of the topics, mostly done by him. He even took the liberty of apologizing for the fact that he had started to slowly withdraw from me after his workload doubled. He reasoned that it was due to pressure and high expectations from the company, which had led him to think that pushing the worries away about my frustrations on not successfully conceiving could be addressed later on, when things weren't so hectic at work.

For almost two years, I had sought my own comfort and council, believing I would get better, that this bitterness inside my heart would someday disappear. I refused myself to face the bare truth-that most of the bitterness was caused by my husband's lack of being there when I needed to simply talk. When I cried, he wasn't there to comfort me and tell me that I wasn't a freak of nature because I couldn't have a baby. He only came home every night, seeing me on a daily basis. He slept in the same bed, the same room, but never once did he open up and ask me how I was feeling, how I was dealing with nature's blatant rejection of me, or how the loneliness of being a society wife was leaving me hollow and empty inside. We both had endless regrets and well wishes for one another.

I thought it was our way of rehashing what we once had, walking through the years we had lived together, before we reached the end of the line. It was a sad, blasted day. However, even though my heart weighed heavily right then, the next day, it would start slowly recovering. Nothing lasted forever, and it was vital that I never took anything for granted from here on out.

Ashton promised to see me before he left for New York, which would happen around the time when everything was mostly settled and when the lawyers could give him the clear that they didn't need any more information from him.

As much as I despised my father, I had to give where credit where it was due. The man had the uncanny knack of making things happen. Maybe, one day, I could thank him for it.

Hours later, I was back in the hotel, huddled on the sofa as I watched a movie. It was wrong to anticipate Reiss tonight, because I didn't want to start a habit that would be hard to break. However, I ended up hoping he'd show up. After he left the previous night to meet his mother, I hadn't heard from him. No call or text message. I mean, I knew he was a busy man with a hectic schedule, yet there was a part of me that argued that, after what had happened the night before, it would be reason enough for him to come back.

Although, as the hours passed, hitting past midnight, my hope trickled away.

And, just like that, my heart shattered once more.

Chapter 23

Ava

Four days. It took him four, lengthy days to visit me again. It felt like a death sentence. A bit far-fetched, but it certainly felt that way to me. Did I frighten him-was that why he was putting this unmistakable barrier between us? I couldn't help it, the questions rounded my brain, wondering what I had done wrong. Or he could simply be busy with his woman. He did, after all, have quite a voracious appetite. I didn't understand him at all, because it was him who had primarily initiated physical contact, and then he disappeared.

I spent the wasted days talking to Allie over the phone, updating her on how things were with me and any small detail that was happening to me during pregnancy. My father called once, but I was in the bathroom, so I missed it. Furthermore, since he didn't bother leaving a message, I thought that it might not be that important; thus I didn't call him back.

You see, I'd been reflecting a lot, and I supposed there was an upside to the four-day seclusion. I even came to a point where I had a pen and notepad, sometime about two in the morning, writing down the things I wanted to accomplish. It was a bucket list of sorts, and some were simple thoughts and experiences I'd be interested in for the coming months.

Prenatal yoga.

Learn to cook Reiss's favorite dishes.

Nursery ideas.

Baby names.

Set-up a small foundation, benefiting struggling new mothers.

My list wasn't that lengthy; however, it would be my goals for the upcoming months.

What truly took me by surprise was the last entry. I'd had no idea I wanted to make a foundation, but once the idea sunk in, I felt like a possessed woman, researching what I would need to get it going.

The small foundation would help the less fortunate new mothers with baby gear, milk, diapers, and all the other essential baby supplies that were needed. Hours were spent researching prices online and how costly it would be for a new mother to provide everything to their newborn, especially when they were single mothers.

I had read blogs, story after story about how difficult it was for teenage mothers to support a baby. Most of them relied on friends and family to gift them the items. However, with the economic downfall, there was still an overwhelming number of people who hadn't recovered. Some even said that having a baby was a luxury that most people couldn't afford, because the job market still struggled to get on even ground.

Reading one heartbreaking story to the next, I fully decided that I could do something to make a difference. I wanted to partake in helping them. Even if it wasn't handing them financial security, a little help could go on a long way. As long as I made a difference to their lives, easing their hardship one way or the other, it would be sufficient enough. Be it a stroller, a three-month supply of milk, or a month's worth of diapers, at least it would help them somehow.

The monthly income I had from my investment dividends wouldn't be enough if I wanted the foundation to be a large scale one. Of course, there was the option of running a fundraiser, but that would take up a lot of time and playing nice to wealthy people that I wasn't so fond of. Therefore, that might not be something I'd be willing to do. It was a catch-22. Tricky, really. Well, I supposed there was the internet-emails, to be precise.

Going through my contact list, I had an excellent network of friends and acquaintances who might be willing to do a donation via online payments. All I had to do was set up a website enlightening them about it.

This was it! I could very well do this wherever I wanted as long as I had internet access. I could even give them an option for whether they were willing to donate on a monthly, weekly, or bi-weekly basis.

Giddy about the new project I had in mind, my brain was whirring with all the essential things I had to do tomorrow when a knock came at the door.

Hearing the ominous sound made me forget everything as I stilled, momentarily frozen. I took a moment to calm down my erratic heart rate. I knew it was him without even opening the door. I felt it all over my body. My senses immediately went on high alert, giving me a hefty warning that he was here.

"For heaven's sake, Ava. Stop being such a besotted fool, even just for a second," I grunted to myself as I envisioned going over to the threshold, opening the door, and greeting him as if I hadn't waited for him in vain. I could very well pretend that I had been too busy to even think of him, as well.

Shaking off my nervousness and leaving it behind in the bedroom, I walked towards the door with my fakest yet laudable smile in place.

"Ava," he greeted as he assessed me before taking a step farther and placing a soft kiss on my cheek.

This one simple gesture made feel all sorts of heady from his smell infiltrating my senses. It was on that moment of impact that my body felt vulnerable, my heart plainly visible, and the pain in my eyes flashed before him. It didn't help my cause when he appeared to look impeccably gorgeous as ever, while I looked like a bedraggled cat with pronounced dark circles under my eyes from my struggling sleeping pattern.

"Reiss, it's good to see you again," my voice finally found itself after the momentary relapse. "Do come in." Stepping aside to let him walk past me, I had to bite back a groan when his arm accidentally brushed one of my breasts. Even with my bra on, my breasts were highly sensitive.

"I have the papers for you to sign. Everything will be taken care of with your father's legal team, thereafter," he said right as I was shutting the door.

Facing him as I strolled towards where he was laying all the paperwork on the coffee table, I noted that the hair on the back of his neck had started growing, the polar opposite of the usual impeccable haircut he had donned since I had found him again. He must've been quite busy to neglect his grooming. My toxic thoughts could be dwelled upon once I was alone, but for the time being, I needed to gain focus and not get distracted by my suspicions and ill-feelings about his blatant rejection.

Taking the seat across from him, I picked up one of the papers, browsing through the legal jargon of what my divorce entailed. "Thanks for bringing this over, though you didn't have to. I'm well capable of picking it up from my father's office."

"I'm sure you are," he murmured as he took his seat, "but I wanted to make sure that all is set and everything is in order. I don't want to risk any delay."

Barely nodding my head, I took the pen that was readily available on the table before signing on the designated line. One paper after the other, I was burying Ava Westwood-the lost, broken woman who had suffered profound loneliness and had self-loathing for not being able to achieve her dream of being a mother.

Sighing deeply, I set the pen down after signing the last document, studying my penmanship. Rest in peace, Ava Westwood.

No more ghosts. I had everything I needed to have a loving, fulfilled life. Even without Reiss's love, his company and the knowledge that I would be seeing him for the rest of my life was enough to sustain me. I had to remind myself what truly mattered.

Reiss's life outside mine shouldn't be held against him. He had been forthcoming with his intentions and hadn't made any promises to me that suggested anything beyond what he could offer. The problem was me and the way I could easily deceive myself into believing I had the power to change his feelings for me. It was human nature to expect such things; however, my brain must function with lucidity, or I'd end up with nothing, nothing at all.

"Is there anything else you need from me?" I asked, looking up to him, bright-eyed and expectant.

He shook his head. "For now, no. If there are any changes that require you to sign a document, rest-assured, I'll personally take care of it."

"Okay. Thank you, I suppose." My finger toyed with the ends of the cushion. I felt at odds with myself because, each time I gazed at him, I couldn't help wondering when he'd plan to stay the night again. Or the important details of his vanishing act, the aftermath of it, anyway. Those two questions were something I could not possibly say out loud without repercussions. Both posed the threat that he could very well walk out of here without saying another word, and I did not want that to happen since he had taken his jolly time to visit me this time.

"Did Father tell you the timeframe of when the divorce will be finalized?"

"He and his team are working on it. He hopes that the decree nisi will be made absolute by the courts in a matter of days as long as Ashton doesn't oppose anything in the contract."

"In a matter of days?" Bloody Hell. I hadn't seen that coming. When he had mentioned expediting the process the last time he had been here, I'd thought he meant weeks stretching to a few months. But in a matter of days? I was rendered speechless. Did he plan to marry the next day since he wanted me to be his dirty little secret? Fuck. I hadn't thought that I'd be upset about it, but somehow I was. All those inner talks I had held with myself flew out the window the moment I realized I would be saying my vows much too soon. Could I mentally prepare myself in less than a week? In a few days perhaps?

"When do you plan to marry?" I cautiously asked him while the profound distance between us felt palpable.

"I applied for a special marriage license a few days ago, which should arrive in a day or two. Once your divorce is approved, we could get married as soon as arranged." He pulled his phone from his breast pocket, his face expressionless when he said, "If your divorce is granted within five days, we could marry the day after." He sounded monotonous, as though we weren't talking about marriage at all. It was like a rehearsed speech, with no feelings involved.

Pressing down the bubbling hysteria that was about to erupt, I shook my head, not agreeing with him. "If it's granted within five days, we'll marry on the third day after." I was standing my ground because there were things that were important to me, and I needed to learn how to tamper those down before signing my life away to be his somewhat kept secret.

"Very well. That's not a tough request. I can easily accommodate that."

I'm sure you can, I quietly mocked as I plastered on a saccharine smile. "Thank you."

"And, as for the wedding, since we are pressed with time, do you have any reservations for it taking place at the registrar's office in Westminster?"

"No." This was a business transaction, nothing more. He was treating it as such, and thus, any fanciful notion about fairytales was absolutely crushed. "The registrar's office is perfectly fine. I mean, I had the grand wedding with Ashton with all the frills and grandiosity one could manage. Something simple would be more fitting the second time around."

"Yes, your wedding had all the trappings and embellishments. Your father didn't spare any expense for his only daughter." His comment weighed heavily with unmistakable sarcasm.

What an odd thing to say, especially coming from him.

Licking my lips, I frowned at him. "I suppose it was lavish compared to standard weddings, but it wasn't-"

"It was," he immediately interrupted. "You know it was. You don't have to be ashamed to admit that the wedding of the year wouldn't be dubbed as such if it didn't cost an obscene amount of money. The flowers were specifically flown in from South America, weren't they?"

"It was one of my mother's ingenious ideas, as was the rest." Sure, the wedding had been beyond costly, but my father had believed then that I was only going to marry once; therefore, he hadn't imposed a budget. "The days leading up to the wedding were such a fiasco that I was almost willing to bet it'd be a complete disaster when the final day arrived," I said out loud, my thoughts transporting me into the past. "Chaotic though it was, everything came out beautifully."

"As did you," he coarsely said, sounding strained. "You looked just like I pictured you would-breathtakingly enchanting, as if you just stepped out of my dream and came to life."

Was that a compliment? Did he really used to dream of me that way ... in a wedding dress? Yes. The old Reiss would have. It brought immeasurable sadness as I thought of the wasted love he had for me-his love that I could never get back.

Pasting on brave smile, I played his compliment coolly, like it didn't affect me greatly. "The society magazine photos surely didn't capture anything breathtakingly enchanting, not as far as I can remember."

His eyes zeroed in on me, the emerald greens pulling me in. "Possibly, but I can't attest to that since I never saw the magazine."

"Oh." I was beyond confused. "We only released those photos for the feature, but I wasn't aware that there were more floating around."

"Who said that I saw it from the media?"

There was a long pause while I stared at him hard, brows furrowing, as if I was trying to solve the solution to world hunger. "But, if you didn't, then ..."

The pin dropped.

I vehemently shook my head, scoffing in protest. "You can't possibly mean ... it's just not..."

His face hardened, seeming carved of stone. "Is it really, Ava?"

He was toying with my mind because he was twisted enough to like seeing me uncomfortable.

"It's just not, Reiss. I mean, I don't see why?" I was almost screeching at him with my body sitting halfway off the sofa, clearly ready to argue with him.

He gave me a lasting look, casually shrugging before his gaze dropped, perusing the table that sat between us. "I don't know..." he murmured to himself before he raked a hand over his hair, looking more confused by the second. "Maybe because I wanted to really see it for myself. Maybe because I needed to hear you give your vows to be his wife. Maybe I needed another reason to stay away from you forever." He seemed like his thoughts were far away, recalling that very day.

"At first, I convinced myself I needed some type of closure from you since we parted in such an awful manner, and then I could leave in the middle of the ceremony. But, when I saw you emerge from the car ... looking exactly as I had pictured you ... I would constantly get these dreams of you walking down the altar towards me. Seeing you look that way, something violent happened inside me, and all I wanted was to stop you from marrying him."

Dear Heavens. How could I truly delude myself after hearing him say these things? I wanted to beg, yet again, for another try, but I was far too scared of being rejected once more.

Swallowing the hard ball of hurt that felt like it was stuck in my throat, I was almost in tears as I asked him one vital question, "What stopped you?"

"You were standing in the aisle, ready to walk down as they fixed your veiled train. Your hands were almost white as you gripped your bouquet. The choir started and everyone in your wedding entourage went about their positions, waiting for their time to march down the aisle. It was then that I saw you gaze towards the altar, seeking his eyes, as if you needed strength or maybe encouragement that he was madly in love with you. He nodded, smiling at you, and you smiled back as if everything had suddenly become okay. Any protests or notions I had then disappeared. So I left and never looked back."

But I didn't even recall doing that. Maybe I had. All I could remember from then was how nervous I had been and how much I hadn't wanted to be there. For weeks, I'd had nightmares that were so vivid they never failed to leave me in tears. It would always be Reiss, telling me to follow his heart, and I would eventually find mine. Funny how our subconscious were both giving us signs-omens-we did nothing about. Well, I did nothing.

"Had you appeared to me then, I would have run away with you. I could've been with you, married to you instead of him."

"What happened was for the best, even though I didn't think so then. But, after a few months passed, I got over it. I got over you along with the pathetic love I had so proudly vowed never to take for granted. We were young and didn't know better. I'm glad things turned out this way, anyhow. At least I found out that love could be found again with the right woman and not someone who's barely more than a child and didn't know what being selfless meant."

However, I wasn't that naive girl any longer. Couldn't he see that? And what did he mean about finding love again...?

"When you said you found love, are you speaking in a past tense or present tense?"

"Present," he uttered without hesitation.

"Oh," I whispered in a small voice, trying to hold it together. "So ... is she around?" Were they even together? The web of confusion thickened.

"Very much so, I'm afraid."

My nails dug into my palm, hoping I'd draw blood. I felt entirely numb from the crashing blow after blow he was stabbing me with. "Does she know about me and what you're planning to do with me?"

He sighed, giving me a stressed look before checking the time on his wrist. "If you really must know, she and I agreed that, when the time is right, we'll be together. She understands where she stands with me, and that's all that matters."

There it was, life telling me to royally fuck off. The harm had been done, and there was nothing that could be built from the ashes. I simply had to deal with my reality-that Reiss was another woman's man, and he was making the ultimate sacrifice to appease my father for reasons I wasn't so sure about. Whatever it was, he was willing to put his life on hold to do my father's demands before he went back to her.

"Had you told me in the very beginning, things would've been very different between us. But, from here on, I promise you that you can rest assured that I won't do anything to jeopardize your relationship with her. Even after everything, I still want you to find happiness, and I mean that with everything I am."

I was his first love, but sadly, I wasn't his last.

Chapter 24

Ava

"Are you sure you don't want your parents to attend?" Allie skeptically looked at me. "I know this isn't the most ideal of situations, but it is your wedding day, in case that teeny bit escaped your notice."

"I'm very sure." I was going to meet Reiss in a few hours' time.

When he had offered to pick me up or send his driver to take me to the location, I had declined his offer, saying I had Allie with me and she had her own means of transportation.

We were in my bedroom, and I had just had the urgency to try on the outfit because my stomach had growled with such ferocity earlier that morning that I simply couldn't resist indulging myself with a full English breakfast: half a cup of coffee, a bowl of fruit along with a bowl of freshly made cream, a pair of croissants, and a chocolate bar of my favorite Chunky KitKat.

Relief spread through me when the buttons didn't appear to be on the verge of popping off. The powder blue outfit paired with a cream lace camisole underneath made me look feminine, yet I still appeared business-like and reserved. Though, the suit never used to sit this way-skin-tight and snug.

I supposed I could credit most of my recent weight gain to a sporadic burst of cravings. The cravings intensified if I didn't tide them over with crackers or plain toast. My breasts appeared like they had doubled in size overnight. How was that even possible?

I was frowning down at my cleavage when Allie started speaking again.

"Don't get me wrong, the suit looks fantastic on you, but ... as your best friend, I feel obligated to warn you that this outfit will forever be in pictures. That, I believe, is history, love. And, if it were me, I'd make sure I looked more than stellar, not that you don't, because you do. But, bloody fuck, a suit? It's criminal, Ava! Even if it's Chanel we're crucifying here. If she were alive and standing here before you, she'd give you the same advice." She definitely was mystified, staring at me as if I had committed the worst crime of the century. In her eyes, maybe I had.

Weddings to her meant elaborate occasions, just like my marriage to Ashton. She even dared to point out that she did her investigation, and with Reiss's monetary worth, he could very well buy his own country to dictate if he so wished it. She believed he was a blasted scrooge for not being willing to dish out a fortune on the wedding because I was already carrying his child. Her theories were so unhinged I simply had to roll my eyes.

"Christ, Allie, did I not emphasize that this was all business? This union isn't going to last. It's only temporary. So, clearly, we both find it fitting that we do it in the simplest, quickest way possible without any hassle."

"Fine. As long as it suits you both, I suppose I can't detest it as much," she conceded, giving me a wry smile.

I knew that truly bothered her, and I couldn't love her more for showing concern. However, the days leading up to this particular one had truly opened my eyes as to what Reiss was going through-sacrificing his own happiness for the sake of his child. It was a noble thing to do; yet it merely proved to me that love wasn't everything. There were instances that could jeopardize everything you had, placing you in limbo. Those sometimes important details could not be disregarded; they required selfless sacrifices that could be detrimental to the future of our loved ones.

"Thank you for being here, Al," I said as I wrapped my arms around her, feeling a little stronger that she hadn't questioned my sanity as to why I'd go through such a farcical union. "This means everything to me."

"Oh, come off it, lady. You and I have been each other's cheerleaders, even though we sometimes aren't as confident with the other's decisions. Regardless, we support each other, anyhow, because that's what friends do. I'll hold your hand even if you're blindfolded and have no idea where this journey could lead you. Maybe following your heart this time around instead of using your brain might do you the world."

"It's not like that," I denied my feelings towards Reiss, hoping someday I'd truly believe it.

She gave my cheek a peck before whispering into my ear, "Lie to me all you want, but promise me that you won't deny your heart."

Who knew anymore...? My confidence in myself when it came to the very man had been rather difficult since I was fighting something that wanted to be unleashed. However, circumstances had shifted since then. I hadn't considered-not even for a blinking second-that he could be in love with someone else. A blind spot was what people usually called it.

*

"You may kiss the bride," the registrar announced in a booming manner. I almost felt like an utter fraud for getting married with such unconventional reasons.

My guilty conscience gradually ebbed away when I met Reiss's unreadable gaze before he softly planted a chaste kiss on my lips.

"Congratulations, you two little buggers!" Allie delightfully announced, bursting in between us before she gave us a jolly good embrace. "Well, since I'm the closest thing to a sister this little nutter will ever have, welcome to the family, Reiss." She placed a kiss on his cheek, somehow breaking the iceman-like demeanor he had surrounded himself with since we had arrived. "I mean that in the least temporary way, if you know what I mean."

My ears turned bright pink. "Allie!" Why would she dare embarrass me this way? I wanted to die on the spot.

She simply brushed off my strong glares and fully focused on Reiss. "Seriously, I think you two are some sort of star-crossed lovers. It's so bloody romantic."

"That's enough, Allie. Please, I beg of you." The things that were coming out of her mouth made me feel nauseous and beyond nervous. How could she even say that this was romantic? Why would she say such things after I told her this was purely business?

She sighed, smiling at me and appearing as though she was about to cry.

"Bloody hell, Allie. I'm going to murder you when I see you next." I couldn't even make myself look at Reiss. I'd die if he found this amusing, and if he didn't, I'd die twice as hard.

Allie sniffed before she wrapped her arms around me. "I love you, Ava, and I'm proud of you for fighting for what you feel is right. I know I've always made fun of your choices, but I also failed to mention that I would never be as brave as you, risking everything because it's the best thing for you." Her arms squeezed me harder before whispering into my ear, "This is your chance to win him back. He loved you enough to propose to you once; you can make him fall for you again. Don't lose hope, my love." Releasing me lightly, she gave me a wink before leaving a kiss on Reiss's cheek and waving goodbye since she had a business appointment she couldn't get out of.

After signing the remaining paperwork, Reiss and I left the city council, striding alongside each other as he reluctantly held my elbow, guiding me with him. Once we were outside, greeted by the mild cool air, he let out a long sigh.

"Well, that was quick."

It was. I thought that was the speediest wedding ceremony I'd ever been to. I did not want to dwell on it much longer, though, because then I'd end up in a pity party for one.

A few minutes later, we were both comfortably seated in the back of his car, and I was anticipating who would break the ice of silence between us. His distant demeanor wasn't surprising, although I would've appreciated it if he made a little effort not to make things even more awkward.

"I have to get back to work, but I'll be over tonight to help you gather your things."

I frowned at him, confused. "Excuse me?"

It was his turn to furrow his brows, his forehead creasing as he directed me. "I expect you to move into my home tonight. Why do you look as though this is the first time you've heard of it?" He sounded as if I had exasperated him, making me a tad bit edgy.

"No. I had completely forgotten about it. I mean, I knew I was eventually going to move in with you, but it had escaped my notice that it would actually happen tonight."

I was biting my lip when he looked away, glancing at his watch. "You have about six hours until I come back for you. Will that suffice?"

Nodding, I lowered my lashes, thinking this was how things were going to be between us. "Yeah, I suppose it will."

"We'll go for dinner somewhere to celebrate the occasion, then we can head straight to my house afterwards," he blandly informed me, like he was telling me about the weather forecast.

"Lovely. I look forward to it." This situation was far from lovely, but what was done couldn't be undone; as a result, it was best I think positive thoughts for the months to come before the baby was born.

When we got back to The Savoy, he offered to take me upstairs; however, I insisted I was fine and could manage on my own. Reiss didn't argue with me. I was almost positive he had the same feeling as me, like he couldn't get away fast enough so he could breathe. It wasn't necessarily similar to choking, more being claustrophobic, as if I was trapped and the walls were closing in on me, limiting my breathing room, intimidating me to break. Hopefully, I wouldn't come to a point where I couldn't fight it off.

Back in the safe confines of my room, I looked around, silently saying goodbye to my surroundings. I didn't have many items to bring with me since I was still practically living out of my suitcase. Although, Ashton had told me he was going to have all of my personal effects sent to me once I had a permanent address.

As I slowly gathered my belongings, my mind meandered towards tonight and what might happen. If he and I were a normal couple, I'd be giddy with excitement, and we'd probably be in bed by now, rutting out our passion for one another.

Pushing the sadness away as I took out the jewelry container I had in my purse, I slowly opened it, pulling out the only thing that was left of the past-a reminder that he truly had once loved me with his whole heart.

The modest ring with its speck of a diamond made me tear into a spiraling sob that couldn't be pacified any longer. I didn't stop until I had nothing left to draw out, drained and dried out.

Just as my miserably state had begun to lessen, my phone rang, as if the devil had summoned the person responsible for my sorrow. Well, as it turned out, I had no reason to worry at all as to how the wedding night was going to progress since Reiss would be held up for quite some time at work and wouldn't be able to take me to dinner.

"It's an emergency meeting I can't cancel. Will you be okay if I just send my driver to come for you and take you to the house?" He sounded as if there were a lot of things on his mind. He seemed distracted as I heard the shuffling sounds of paper.

"Yeah, that would be great. You needn't worry about me. I'll be fine." I tried to sound as convincing as I could, hoping he wouldn't detect in my voice that I had spent a long time howling and bawling my eyes out until they were bloodshot and dry.

Ten hours into the marriage, and I could already foresee how it was going to work. Sighing off my rejected feelings, I vowed to find my footing again and have a social life that didn't revolve around waiting for Reiss. Maybe I could busy myself by meeting new friends and taking part in hobbies that wouldn't be too taxing to my present state.

Out of sight, out of mind. Perhaps I should take on the philosophy. It might cure me of this Lovesick Only for a Besotted Moron Syndrome.

Checking out of the hotel almost made me feel a little sad. Possibly it was because I wasn't sure how things were run in his household, but the daunting feeling that lingered couldn't be shaken off. Subsequently, I braced myself for the next chapter of my life.

His driver came and deposited me at his three-story home in Belgravia. It was a little overwhelming since I hadn't truly seen this side of Reiss-the wealthy side. True, his office building, his car, and the way he dressed portrayed him as a polished, rich, successful business man, yet seeing his home, the personal effects inside it, made it blatantly obvious that he had come a very long way from the man I had known. If his impressive original collection of Renaissance and Neo-Renaissance paintings were something to go by, my mother would've probably worshipped at his feet if she didn't know his real identity. My mother respected people through the size of their bank accounts, which would've grandly placed her new son-in-law as a gem in her lovely, superficial eyes.

I was proud of him and what he had achieved. I doubted a lot of people had the capability or the capacity to become this powerful. It was humbling to see him thriving; however, I couldn't help the fact that I wished he'd be the same guy inside. Clearly, to a certain extent, power and an unlimited source of cash had delivered some sort of impact on him.

His home had a black and white marbled entryway that led to two stairways. The living room had an edgy contemporary style to it with two, white sectionals facing each other and a massive, black lacquered coffee table in the middle. The decor was minimal, yet the effect made one feel like they'd dirty their surrounding if they dared to sneeze. It wasn't necessarily homey, but judging by his personality, I was convinced this made him feel quite at home.

There were two staff employed in his household who lived here. A butler named Alistair and a cook named Bronte. Both were polite but imposed a cool reservation, possibly because they had no idea where in God's name I had come from or what relation I had to Reiss. I was positive he wasn't the kind to air his dirty laundry with his own staff.

My quick exploration halted when Alistair prompted me that he'd show me to my room. Quietly following in his wake, I was informed by him that Mr. Chambers occupied the entire third floor, and I would be in one of the guest bedrooms, which were located on the second.

After Alistair led me into the bedroom, I declined his offer to have Bronte come up and help me unpack. Since I only had a luggage and a half, there was no need for her, because I had a lot of time on my hand, anyway.

Without unpacking, I placed my phone and my purse on the table beside the bed before I sighed and took off my shoes and slid down my trousers. Dressed with my top and underwear on, I slid inside the comforts of my new bed. My back had been giving me a lot of stress lately, and after the wedding this morning and the emotional upheaval that I battled with myself over each time Reiss was around, I was more than ready to sleep the night away. The bed felt like a dream, and it didn't even take me a full five minutes until I was in a deep slumber.

Chapter 25

Ava

Something alerted my senses, causing me to slowly drift out of my sleep. It was as if something was pulling me out of my subconscious, gradually making me highly aware of my surroundings. It was the sound, the smell, and the primal instinct that told you there was another person in the room with you. Though my lids protested opening, they somehow made it halfway, allowing me to groggily scout the room, wondering what had woken me.

The first thing I noticed was my left hand, splayed across the bed with the ring Reiss had given me a little over a week ago, sparkling brightly at me. I was a married, unmarried woman. The thought bubbled out of nowhere, making me release a crucially melancholy sigh.

"Already regret marrying me, huh?" The question made me look across the bed, meeting his critical stare as he sat on the opposite side of the bed, possibly gazing at me sleeping.

Slowly pushing my body to do a half sitting position, I made a face, hoping to make light of the situation. "I'll let you know once I do, but so far, it's been okay. Nothing monumental or anything of the sort."

He looked relaxed with his dress shirt un-tucked and a few buttons undone, mesmerizing emerald eyes, and a face that made women go gaga for. I couldn't help but eye him with gusto.

"How was the meeting? Did it turn out the way you wanted it to?"

"Yes and no," he responded with a serene look on his face, glancing at me with a look I couldn't decipher. "I apologize for not taking you out. I know the situation isn't the most ideal, but I hope you and I will have an amicable relationship, especially in the upcoming months."

Sigh. Why did he have to ruin the spell I was in? I knew it was an illusion, but I wanted a few moments more without being reminded of what had brought me here in the first place.

"I know, Reiss. I promise I won't come in between you and your life. I mean that. You won't even know I'm around. It's best that I start having my own life here again. So, if you're worried about any of that, you shouldn't."

"I hope this newfound drive to start having social life doesn't include boyfriends."

His comment took me aback. "Boyfriends?"

"Men you go out with and share everything with without the intimacy-a clause that was clearly stated in our pre-nuptial agreement."

The bastard had woke me up for this? If he had dealt with such a rough day, he could very well find someone else to work out his stress from all of his work baggage.

"I read it, Reiss, but nowhere did I read in there that I couldn't have male friends! Besides, even if I did become friends with other males later down the road, what is it to you, anyway? It's not as if I would be shagging and flaunting them before you." He was pressing on something I hadn't even thought of, which only infuriated me some more. How dare he throw stipulations when he himself had someone on the side?

"Don't play with fire, Ava, or you might not like the consequences." His warning tone put me over the edge of madness.

I growled, wanting to slap him as I slid off the bed and rounded it to reach him, ready to bring down all the pent up anger and wrath I'd been harboring since we had met again.

"I have been bloody patient with you. Every time you've done something deplorable, I always try to tell myself that it was your right to treat me like I'm nothing but dirt on your heel because I caused you pain in the past. But you've taken everything out of me. I've exhausted all my patience in trying to tolerate your beastly behavior!" My shrill voice echoed in the room while Reiss gave me a stony look that said he was beyond insulted I was lashing out on him. Well, this whole pity-party was over. I was done making excuses for his measly treatment of me. "You've done nothing-not a damn bloody thing-to ease your horrid attitude towards me. If it makes you feel all-bloody-fucking-powerful, well, go right ahead. I'll just fucking pretend that you don't exist since most of the time you do the same to me. Your unfounded and biased opinion about having male friends is ludicrous. Why deny me another man's company when you yourself don't make that sacrifice to show me the same kind of respect? Why should I bother? Why should I care about what you think?"

"The thought is not unfounded since you have my child growing inside you! What is it with you, Ava? Why make such an easy request sound like it's a life sentence?" He flashed his anger at me, his eyes darkening as he slowly got up from the bed, all six-foot-three of him looming above me, hovering in an intimidating matter. "Are you so deprived of male attention you don't care what others think of you? Is this what you did when poor, dearest Ashton didn't shower you with attention-throw a bloody tantrum, maybe tease and shag another man to make him come to his senses and beg of your return? You had better listen well, love: I'm not going to tolerate seeing you slutting your way around while you're pregnant with my child. The moment you cross this fine line, Ava, I'll hire security to detail your every move."

I wasn't sure what prompted me, but my palm made its way towards his face, slapping against his cheek at such a speedy rate he barely blinked from the impact. "I hate you. I really fucking hate you!"

His hand massaged the injured cheek, his nose flaring as he glared down at me. "Good. The feeling's mutual, princess."

Maybe it was the pregnancy hormones taking over me, but I felt possessed by something far greater than I could control. My train of thought was hazy as my senses fully focused on the anger that pounded in my veins, boiling in blood. Every agonized thought I had for him was channeled into more anger with every single breath I took.

"My mother was right; you can never dress a wolf in sheep's clothing. I cannot believe I spent a bloody decade crying for you. I should've listened to them, then I wouldn't be here, stuck with you."

He sneered, looking disgusted with me. "You're becoming a real piece of work, Ava. I say give it a year or two, and you'll be well on your way to becoming just like your mother."

Ouch.

I opened my mouth to say something, but I had nothing for rebuttal. He was comparing me to a woman I loathed more than anything, and for him to do that was something I couldn't fathom. Then, out of nowhere, I felt like I had committed the biggest mistake of all by holding on to a sliver of hope that he'd possibly come around-not soon, but someday. It wasn't going to be, especially not when he saw me as my mother. Maybe being around him wasn't all that healthy any more.

"I ... I want an annulment," I blurted out, shaky and breathless.

"No," he gritted out, his jaws locking.

"Fine. Then we'll get a divorce."

His hands cupped the sides of my arms, almost shaking me to come to my senses as he pushed me backwards. "I. Said. No."

I was a fool, a fool in love. And I had let that steer me towards something that could very well eviscerate me completely, threatening to dissolve my own sanity. My identity.

"Fine. I'll just go ahead and leave then." I tried to use all my might to push him off, but he remained unmoved, as if all of my effort hadn't even made a dent. "Let me go."

He wouldn't budge. "Well, tough, you're not going anywhere! You're staying here, in my home, with me."

God, how I wanted to hurt him, make him feel just a bit of what I was going through, although even if I did, it wouldn't change a thing. It would only serve in hurting me even more.

"I can't be here, Reiss. I think we both know that." Shaking my head, I felt worn and exhausted. "We've barely been married for a day, and we're at each other's throats. It makes my marriage to Ashton look like a walk in the park."

"How dare you mention his name at a time like this! That man did nothing but steal you away because he felt threatened by me. He has done nothing except harm, and here you are, praising the man I wanted to kill with my bare hands."

We were back in the past again. He spoke as if it had only happened yesterday. Had his anger warped his mind to hold onto such a grudge that wasn't relevant any longer? Did his vindictiveness stretch that far?

I could feel the sharp burn behind my eyes, threatening tears as I took the risk in glancing at him. His expression, though still angry, caught me off guard when I found him staring at my lips. Then, when he dipped his head to kiss me, I moved my head to the side, not wanting to continue the hell that would come after he had his way with me.

"Please, don't-don't insult me like this."

His lips kissed my cheek, trailing across to my ear while the tip of his nose inhaled my scent. "I hate you ... but I hate myself more for wanting you. When you're not around, things are back to normal. But, whenever you are, I just have this consuming need to kiss you and fuck you until sunrise."

I couldn't take hearing him say it out loud, especially not when I was feeling at my lowest. I was far too vulnerable to fake my way out of this rut.

"Then let me go. It will make things easier for us."

"That's the thing-I can't do that, either. I like the fact that I can see you whenever I want to. I like knowing that you're sound asleep under my roof or if you're eating well. I like having you here."

"Stop-" I nervously heaved when his hand cupped my breast while his mouth busied itself with my neck, arousing me to submit to him.

"You want this as much as I do. Why deny us the pleasure when it's clear you and I can't get enough of each other?"

"If things were just that simple, I'd probably let you have your way. But it isn't with me, Reiss. I don't know if you're acting blind, but I'm sure you already know I'm in love with you, so it's not that simple for me."

He was breathing raggedly, and his hand had stilled against my breast as I waited for his response.

Tears prickled again as the seconds flew by, and I wondered what kind of damage I had caused this time.

"I want you, and I have accepted the fact that I always will. But that's all I can give you, Ava. And even if I tried to love you, my entire existence revolts at the thought of what loving you might cause me this time."

I sniffed, holding back a sob. "I'm sorry. I know there's no possibility of it, but I still had to say it."

"I'm sorry, too, for not being the man for you. Ten years ago, I would've moved mountains to have you and your heart. I was so crazy for you I was willing to look like a complete idiot as long as I had you with me, in my arms, loving you each day. But that was years ago, Ava. You can't keep living in the past. I don't want to hurt you, but sometimes, I can't control this bitterness that resurfaces each time I see you. And, yet, my body desires you like you're its drug. Sex with you is like nothing I have experienced before. I thought how good it was with you was all in my imagination all these years, but after that night in your room, I knew I wasn't imagining it anymore." His body pressed against mine as he whispered into my ear, making me all the more confused about my feelings for him.

"Fucking you scares the living hell out of me because it is only you who has the power to unman me. It's a battle between wanting to experience Heaven and what kind of Hell could come out of it. This is what I experience every time I look at you. So, if I'm acting hostile, you know I'm fighting the need to ravish you on sight."

Licking my lips, I couldn't help getting aroused at the thought of him struggling with his attraction to me. "How are you fighting this battle now? Are you winning or losing?" Sex was such a powerful tool that women could use to their advantage. Knowing this made me feel as if I had something to hold against him, though to what extent? How could I gain a foothold without compromising too much?

"Do I look like I'm fighting it anymore?" His voice came out raspy, sounding like he was trying hard to control something. "I came here tonight knowing you were asleep, and I simply wanted to see if you'd settled in okay. However, the moment I walked into the room, I somehow ended up studying you like I used to for twenty minutes until you awoke. I want to lose myself in you, Ava."

This could get very tricky. I had to do this right. I had to stand my ground, even if it was killing me inside, because there was this huge part of me that wanted to reach him-not just on a physical level, but deep within. Maybe his heart was unavailable, but maybe, just maybe, I could reach deep down and somehow make him want me, need me in a sense that he couldn't survive without me.

"If I let you, you have to promise me one thing."

"Go on," he urged, frowning down at me.

All right. I could very well do this. It was all or nothing. "Whoever you're doing now, anything pertaining physical contact must cease. This is the only way I'll let you have me." I wanted to feel embarrassed to demand such a thing to him, yet if I let him have his way and he still carried on with his activities with other women, then there was no point in any of this. I wanted him-there was no doubt of that-but he had to live by his rules, as well. If he wanted me badly, then he, too, should pay the price.

His eyes penetrated into mine, letting me know he was weighing things as he stared at me, pinning me into stillness before conveying his thoughts. "If I agree to this, you have to promise me that you won't ever dare deny me your body, whenever, wherever. Even when you're angry or loathing me on sight, you'll spread your legs, welcome my cock, and let me have your sweetness for as long as I want."

He wanted me that much? Bloody Hell.

"Any time of the day?" My body shivered at the images that appeared in my mind-him plunging into me, demanding I give him everything he wanted. Fuck. Why did this arouse me so?

"Anywhere. Anyplace. Anytime," he stated succinctly. "If I want it in the morning, I'll have you without protest. If I want your cunt for dinner, you'll spread these lovely legs apart and let me do all the dirty things I've wanted to do to you since you teased me by letting me finger your sweet cunt that night at the lake. I don't want you to think about another man while I'm fucking you, either. In fact, I forbid you to think about anyone. I want you to focus on me-me and me alone. I'm a selfish bastard, and I don't bloody give a fuck, because I want what I want. I've endured years of dreaming you were mine, writhing and moaning while I took liberties with your body." He then paused, seeming like he had just delivered the most grueling speech of his life. "Can you handle me this way, Ava?"

My word ... I was rendered speechless. Had it been Ashton who had spoken such filth, I might've slapped him. However, this was Reiss, and in such a twisted way, I found his filthy, cursing mouth ... poetic.

"Why ask when you already know the answer to this question?"

His hard cock pressed against my stomach while his nose rested against the side of me head, breathing in the scent of my hair. "I want to hear you say the words."

"I will handle you this way because I want you," I passionately vowed with my entirety. "You're the only man I'll always want. From the beginning until the end, it's always going to be you, Reiss."

"Fuck," he groaned before I felt his hands cup my face, and then I felt his lips gently, slowly kissing me. It was incredibly slow and sweet, as though he was making love to my lips with caring devotion. "You don't know how much this kills me to say it, but I feel like I have to show some restraint since you're my new bride and all. Besides, I don't want to scare you away." He smirked, making this sexy face that made my heart palpitate madly.

"Never mind my hard cock, sweet wife, but would you let me indulge you in a late night meal? Since I couldn't deliver on my promise, I took an off chance and swung by my favorite Chinese restaurant. I hope you don't mind take away, but if you must know, my cooking might leave you constipated, so I hardly thought it would be the best way to entice you for a good shagging marathon."

I guffawed at his mild attempt at humor. "God, how I fucking adore you." I kissed him one more time before my stomach made a loud, growling protest.

"Time to feed you and our baby, I see."

It was the first time he had addressed the baby as ours instead of my child or simply addressing it as such-the baby. Call me naive, call me gullible, but I couldn't help it, I fell in love with him all over again.

Dinner became a feast. Well, with me naked atop the living room coffee table and him feasting on me while he teased me before feeding me. He gave the food to me in small servings. All the while, the wicked devil made sure he tortured my body enough to drive me insane with need.

I hadn't had this much fun since ... well, since him. He and I used to drive each other mad, testing each other's limit until one of us begged for mercy. Back in the day, it had usually been him surrendering to me, but tonight, it was I who was the greedy one because I couldn't get enough of him and his laughter. Seeing him smiling made me happy. It was infectious.

"More," I mumbled before opening my mouth, wanting more of the shrimp he had in between his chopsticks.

"Tell me something, then I'll feed you." His mouth lowered to softly suckle on my breast, making me slightly open my legs, wanting, needing more of him.

"Reiss," I moaned as I slowly rocked the table.

He groaned in frustration, breaking away from my breast before he eyed me with suspicion. "I'm not going to let you win. Tell me something first, then I'll reward you."

"Like what?"

He shrugged, grinning from ear to ear. "Anything you like."

"Hmmm," I said aloud before something clicked in my head. "Well, I'm not sure if you're interested to know, but I'm still flexible." When I saw his eyes darken with desire, I wanted to push him a little bit more.

Slowly getting up from the table, I heard him hiss as I was about to do something that used to drive him mad.

"Don't-" he warned, getting up from the carpeted floor before I felt his arms circle my hips. He dragged me away, bringing me down with him with my back on the carpet. "Don't do that," he murmured.

"Why not?" I teased. "You used to love that..."

"Don't get me wrong, I still do, but I don't want to go harsh on you tonight. I want to savor you slowly..." His head went towards my abdomen, marking a kiss on the tiny bump that could barely be noticed unless you really stared at it hard.

"Did I ever tell you how beautiful you look, especially pregnant? Your cheeks are always flushed, and your eyes have light behind them. You glow." He kissed the other side of my hips, trailing kisses around the area. "I love seeing the gradual transformation of your body ripening before me."

Bringing his head above mine, his eyes softened while he watched me closely. "I don't think I have said thank you. Thank you for this present. At first, I was panicked, but the more I get used to the idea, the more I see how much I actually want to be a father. It still terrifies the bonkers out of me, yet there's excitement with it now. So, thank you for giving me one of the greatest gifts a man could ever wish for."

"Do you mean that?" I choked back, forcing myself not to cry.

"Yes ... I do ... more than you'll ever understand."

A tear slipped away, and his thumb immediately went to catch it. "You didn't have to tell me this, but you must know how much I appreciate that you did. There are times when I've thought you might hate me for it ... so hearing you say otherwise just took a hefty load of guilt off my heart."

Chapter 26

Reiss

"What?" she asked after a while of me gazing at her with what must have been an odd expression on my face.

I quickly shook my head and murmured, "Nothing ... nothing at all." It wasn't as if I wanted to convey what was going on in my head. She simply looked beautiful tonight, and I couldn't take my eyes away from her. I couldn't do it in the past, and it certainly seemed like I couldn't do it years later. Even more so with her pregnant.

There was something volatile inside of me that made me feel entirely possessive at the thought of her carrying my child. I wanted to hide her away so no man would dare look at her and see what saw. I hadn't planned for any of this to happen, yet here I was, staring at the very woman who had ruined me, marred me so deeply inside I thought I couldn't ever recover from the slashing pain.

My cock was in monumental pain, although I was still fighting this consuming need to give in and have her-, all of her, tonight. There was a part of me that knew things would shift. Be it for the worse or for the better, I knew it wouldn't be something I could undo. My actions from here on out would carry vast consequences, burdened by marriage, and I was having a difficult time letting things go, letting the past take a back seat while I figured out what would be the best course to take from here.

When she had said she loved me, all I wanted to say was, "Bollocks. You haven't got a clue what love is." But then, as I looked into her eyes, I didn't have the heart to argue with her on the subject; thus I stayed mum. Besides, as far as I was concerned, it was best we didn't discuss anything that had the word love attached to it. I'd rather take my own life than fall in love with her again. She had repeatedly proven to me how unworthy she was of my love, and with that poisonous emotion out of my system, there was no way I'd let it root inside again.

It had been fanciful of me, though, to believe I wouldn't be tempted to want her. Whenever she was around, my cock would spring to life, and it usually took everything in me to control those urges. Those urges that almost felt too violent to manage. If I could let this hatred go, even for a night with her, it would truly be liberating. However, I was man enough to know I might not be able to handle it. Because, the truth was, I was petrified of Ava and the kind of influence she wielded over me. Like a loaded gun, she had the capability of wounding me, dismantling my very essence, leaving me in scattered pieces.

What man would gamble that kind of tragedy after they'd learned their lesson? Apparently, not I. I was confident enough to think I'd eventually get close to her while remaining devoid of emotional connection. It would take time and practiced patience, but eventually, I'd get there. I always did accomplish my goals once I put my energy into focus.

"What are you frowning about?" She batted her long lashes at me with her tantalizing eyes that were looking more violet than blue as she gazed serenely in my direction.

We were still splayed on the rug in the living room with Ava fully naked while I was still clothed. Thoughts of food had been abandoned ten minutes ago since this wicked woman had decided to taunt me, and she knew exactly how.

"You. It's you I'm frowning about." My answer came fluidly out of my mouth, and I noted how she immediately stiffened.

She nudged forward. "And? Aren't you going to tell me?"

There were a lot of things that troubled me, and I wasn't sure which one I should start with, but I somehow ended up saying, "When did you realize that you made the wrong choice in choosing him over me?"

Her lips parted, seeming to have difficulty forming the words to answer my question. Licking her lips, she curled the hair that was tucked neatly behind her ear around her finger. "When you left, I felt the hurt, but it wasn't until after the news broke that you had died that I truly felt the full impact of losing you."

How tricky her answer was. "So, when I left you in the library, what did you do next?"

"I ... uh ... went back to my friends." She sulked. "You're going to hold that against me, aren't you?"

I held her accountable for a lot of things.

"I'm trying to understand what happened before, but there wasn't much in there to glean that I haven't known all along."

"There you go again-always ready to shut me out. I get it. I was a terrible, rotten to the core, young girl, and I deserved to be crucified, but haven't I suffered enough?" Her lips wobbled as she spoke, trying to hold her tears at bay. "I fucking love you, and I see through you-it's obvious you don't believe me. But give me a chance to prove you wrong. I've changed. I've given up everything to follow your whims. When you treat me like I'm nothing except a body to play with, even after all the anguish, I still make excuses for you. You punish me, and I'm letting you"-she sobbed softly-"because I'm still hopeful ... because, even after all of this, I still believe there's a part of you that remains mine, no matter how much you claimed to have fallen for someone else. I don't care-I'm here, still trying to prove you wrong, even if it's killing me inside."

God, I hated seeing her cry. It played havoc with my emotions. I begrudged the fact that it seemed to be working in her favor once more.

"Ava, please, there's no need for tears."

She hid her face, trying to control her sobs. "I caaan't..." She hiccupped. "I can't seem to stop crying."

I pulled her towards me, placing her head against my chest as I stroked her hair. "Hey, I didn't mean to make you cry."

I was a bastard. What had I been thinking? She was probably exhausted and stressed out, not to mention that she was in a new house, pregnant, and very hormonal.

"Ava ..." I let out a breath, holding her close, feeling as if the world somehow disappeared, and the only thing I could see, feel, and touch was her. Each time she sniffed, I felt like even more of a heel. "I'm sorry for doing this to you. Had I known you'd end up in tears ... I'm sorry; I truly am." I couldn't even remember when the last time I had said I was sorry to anyone was, but right that instant, I felt compelled to, because her ceaseless cries were tearing something inside me, making me hurt merely by listening to it.

Ava wedged away just enough to look me in the eye, appearing like I had robbed her of her world. "It's how you feel, and you're entitled to it. Don't say sorry if you don't mean it. It makes the whole thing much worse."

Her cheeks had splotches of red on them, her button nose was pink from sniffing, her lips were swollen from biting her lip in the attempt to stop the sounds of her sobs, and her eyes were glassy from tears. I swallowed the dryness behind my throat as I stared at her. She looked downright distraught, yet all I could think at this very moment was how innocent and gullible she looked; it was borderline angelic.

This face had haunted me for years without letting up. With one look at her, I seemed to have gotten lost again. She was the woman I had fallen so hard for, vowing I would love her until my last breath. She had been it-the be all, end all for me.

Taking her in, I let my mind and emotions take over, and before I knew it, my hand had snuck behind her nape, pulling her towards me as I situated her so she was straddling me. Then, I sealed my lips with hers, savoring her passion and her declared love for me. I grunted her name, letting myself go as I engaged with her on all levels, readying to climb the peaks with her.

Cupping her silky bottom, I gripped it hard as I slightly parted the perfect globes, needing more intimate access to her sensitive areas. She moaned, giving in without thought as my trouser-covered, hard cock pressed against her wanton cunt. I could feel the heat emanating from it, and my mouth salivated at the thought of its wetness, dripping slowly, effortlessly, naturally lubricating itself for mating.

She arched forward and rocked across my hardness as she avariciously took pleasure from it. Palming her breasts, I pressed them together. I then stuck out my tongue and lavished on both of her pebbled nipples as I hungrily worshipped the woman who was setting my cock-my entire existence-on fire. She ravaged the very essence of my soul until I was bare and unprotected from the rabid hunger and the volatile emotions that instantaneously possessed me. I felt it all. The fire kept burning, fueling the unquenchable hunger that kept wanting more of everything-anything-Ava could offer.

I could literally taste my surrender on my tongue as I kissed her thoroughly. Desperately. I parted from her swollen lips before letting my head fall back against the seat cushion. I lifted her up, making her gasp in shock. My ravenous appetite was at its tipping point; my tongue could almost taste her delectable pussy.

"Go on. Sit on my mouth, love. Ride me with everything you've got, babe."

She looked skeptical. "But I-"

"Ride. My. Mouth. Trust me, you're going to love it. You were adventurous once-now's the time to unleash that dirty side of you once more. Give me the best you can do."

Her face lit up before she slowly moved, kneeling in the middle of the sofa. She gradually reclined back, tilting slowly until her pussy locked on my lips as I rested my head back on the couch. She wiggled her hips, trying it out before she let out a pleasurable sound.

"Fuck ..." she hissed before she angled a tad forward to hold onto the back of the sofa. As she rode my face, her sweet juices endlessly flowed. She took control and let herself loose, as if depraved of pleasure for too long. Throwing her head back, she bit her lip as she screamed as hard as she could, giving me the best she could offer as my tongue lapped up her honeyed cream.

Panting heavily, she seemed out of it before I gave her delicious bottom a good spank, and then I lifted her up so I could position myself behind her. She didn't move an inch; her legs were still parted, hands gripping the end of the sofa.

Regulating my breathing, I gripped my cock with my left hand and pumped it a few times as my eyes gravitated towards her parted arse and swollen cunt lips.

"Bloody fuck, I'm going to own your body tonight, sweet wife." Moving forward, my cock perfectly angled towards her opening. Resting half of my rigid length against her hot core, I let out an animalistic sound before my hand reached around her neck, arching her forward against my body while her bottom stayed in place. "How long do you want me to worship your impoverished pussy, love?"

"Until you no longer can," she panted out the words, sounding as if she was completely aroused from the anticipation of my cock.

Unhurriedly, I thrust my dick forwards in short, teasing lengths, slipping it against her soaking wet lips, gliding over her entrance. "Do you like the feel of my cock against your pussy, Ava? Is this what you've been craving-what you've been so miserable without since I walked away?" The question shot out of my lips. I grunted them into her neck while I steadfastly drove us to more pleasurable heights.

"You feel magnificent. Powerful. Furious. Marvelous. Exceptional. You owned me then, and you own me now. No man can compare to what you do to me. What you evoke, no man could come close. Let me make amends. Take whatever you can, however you want it. I'm yours, nothing will ever change that."

My heart galloped, pounding against my chest as I listened to her. "Are you really mine?" I hissed out as I rhythmically thrust against her little nub.

"Yes!" she answered without thought as she pushed her arse out for more. "Yes. Yes. Fuck yes!"

With my hand still loosely holding the base of her neck, I let her back press against my chest before my other hand guided my cock into her willing entrance, powerfully pushing into its tightness with one swift movement. I heard her take a deep breath, stilling from the immediate rush it gave both of us.

As much as I wanted to immediately fuck her, I wanted to feel the pulse of her pussy, matching with the throbbing force of my own cock.

"Doesn't this feel perfect?" I breathed out, feeling out of my depth while I gently pulled away from her pussy's fitted-glove-like suction, making all my blood rush to one place as my balls tightened. My body shivered, ready to charge forward and take control of her body. It was a clear indication that, if I went any further, I might not be able to stop myself from going berserk and pounding her cunt. "Ava ... I'm apologizing ahead of time, but I-I need you. If I'm going too hard, please tell me, because I might not realize it," I confessed, feeling like I was about to lose control. "Forgive me ..." Those were the last words I said before my shaft took reign and started to pound her tight core.

She let out a shrieking sound as she came hard on my driving cock. Barely tapping the hunger that roared into my veins, I let her neck go before I pressed my hand against her back, moving her forward so I could watch the beauty of our sexes meeting. I loved seeing how my cock would expand a woman's tiny entrance to accommodate my thickness. It was a raw beauty I certainly appreciated.

Everything about her was perfection to me; she was the epitome of the word. And I wanted to show how grateful I was that she was letting me do everything I wanted to her supple body.

With one hand, I gripped her hips, while the other hovered around her arse. My eager thumb found its way towards her puckered entrance, tracing the crowned ridges of the surrounding skin before I dipped my thumb inside her pussy whilst my cock religiously fucked it. Curving it back towards the anal canal, I searched for her other g-spot, needing both holes to work together, giving her double the pleasure.

"That's it, love. Set yourself free. Let it consume you," I rasped out as I watched her go bonkers, as if she didn't know whether to scream or shake when another orgasm washed over her.

Christ, the things we could do to each other ...

The Ava I used to know had always been willing to let me do anything to her, though at that time, I had curbed my appetite, because I was scared it might push her away. However, tonight, there were no boundaries I wasn't willing to cross.

After her release, I kept going, hammering her cunt until I knew I was close to my own relief. Right then, I pulled out of her before I progressively entered the other entrance. She immediately cried out, feeling the painful sting of her sphincter being stretched open, widening to cater to my thickness. She remained still, breathing rapidly as I gradually advanced deeper into her canal.

Studying her reaction, I instantly knew she hadn't done this. The possessive beast in me utterly rejoiced at knowing this. I wasn't entirely sure why I was so ecstatic at the thought since this wasn't the first time a woman had given me their other virginity, but this was Ava. I chose to let that be explanation enough.

Only halfway into her, I took a momentary stop as I let her get used to the feeling of having me there. When her breathing started to decline to a regular pattern, I used my middle finger to reach around her and sought out her clit. Massaging it in circular motions, I waited for her body to start relaxing before I started to move my cock. Each stroke felt like it was robbing me of breath. I felt connected to her in ways I hadn't dreamed existed. The sex became ethereal. It became a gateway for us to connect and bond without words. She trusted me, giving me unlimited access to her sacredness, withstanding the pain that came with it.

It might sound shallow to some; however, when it came to us men, everything boiled down to the basics-the basic needs. Sex was vital to our nourishment. It enriched us on all levels. Especially with such amazing chemistry like I had with Ava. It became something different altogether-an emotion I didn't want to explore at the moment.

Letting myself go to experience the magic that our bodies were weaving together, I slipped my finger into her pussy entrance, hooking it right on the perfect spot before I picked up the pace, drilling her harder.

A rumbled sound started in my chest, vibrating all over me as my balls tightened, climbing the peak to completion. A harsh, cutting sound came out of my lips when I felt the first spurt of my semen unloading into her. Her entrance gripped the base of dick as if choking it, merely adding to the out of this world sensation I was already experiencing. Behind my lids, I saw stars sparkling bright as they danced, making my head spin as the sensation engulfed me. Ropes of my seed spurted furiously, and it felt like it would never end.

Once I was emptied, I sagged and leaned forward to kiss the base of her neck, feeling complete.

"Thank you ... for letting me have you," I murmured as I felt my heart constrict.

I was in danger of stepping into a landmine of emotions I had tried to stay away from. But, after tonight, I was done resisting her. I was done trying to put hatred into the void of wanting to feel her body against mine. I had fought a good fight, yet it was time to shred the old and look into the future-our child.

Whatever happened tomorrow, I was done denying myself. Time would tell what direction we were heading. However, for the mean time, I was happy to be here with Mrs. Ava Chambers.

Chapter 27

Reiss

"How's the missus?" I directed the question at Grant McCombs, who was in town for the weekend to attend the annual board meeting for the company's branch in Hong Kong.

He grinned, shaking his head before taking a sip of his chilled wine. "It's been three months since she gave birth to our precious Matilda, but she won't be persuaded to leave her side. Her parents are practically living with us because they are both just as eager to care for their first grandchild, but my wife ... she's having such a tough time separating herself from the baby." There was light in his eyes when talking about his family. I wondered if I would ever have the same when talking about my own.

The thought threw me off guard, causing me to ponder what the bloody hell was going on with my head. After last night's passionate activities, the mere thought of Ava made my cock ache. Someday soon, I had better quench some of this craving for her, or I'd end up attached to her like a bloody horny schoolboy.

Grant and a few others were here for the annual meeting lunched together to get caught up on news about the other branches and, of course, talk about their personal lives. I believed it was essential to get to know the people who were in charge of the different branches on a personal and professional scale. A man could learn a lot about what their true nature was whilst talking about their personal lives. I entrusted these men to run my company, representing my brand in a global community, and it was my responsibility as the head of the company to make sure everything ran smoothly.

These men never hesitated to call me when something had gone awry in their branches, or if they needed advice about what to do in their personal lives. A few had contemplated divorce when they got distracted from overeager younger women who were chasing after them and demanding they separate from their wives. That particular problem was wholly common around wealthy businessmen who got easily caught up with a young beauty who was ready to bend to their will as long as they supplied them with an allowance.

When I received those calls, them telling me they had left their wives and had moved out of their home, I usually tried to tell them to take it slow and let the sudden urge run its course before making such a drastic measure as divorcing their wives and abandoning their children in lieu of the new thrill they had found.

Some might think it was unethical of me to secretly intrude on their marital affairs; however, I believed men sometimes-most of the time-failed to think rationally before throwing caution to the wind. Men had a major tendency to become stupid. However, these were good, hard working men, and they simply needed a good reality check that other men could very well take their place if they carelessly and willingly threw their family away because of a young arse waltzing into their lives who was willing to please their sexual desires.

Therefore, testing their decisions, I would secretly hire an actor or two to pursue the neglected wife in a harmless fashion. Taking them out to dinner or occasionally being there to listen to their woes would do the trick. Once the strayed husband got a whiff of the news, something would instantly click, and in a matter of days, they would plead back in, wanting to reconcile and make amends for their sins.

The intrusive trick usually patched things for them, and if it did the trick, I knew it was worth it, because I truly believed good management started in a loving home. A good working man always had a good woman supporting him in the background. It allowed for me to feel secure that the company branches scattered all over the globe were safe and being run by men who could truly focus on what was at hand and what was needed to improve. Those appointed men were specifically chosen by myself, knowing they had the potential to make it work and succeed in the global field.

Claude Bonnet was looking at me expectantly, and I merely frowned at him. I hadn't caught what he was asking.

"Beg your pardon, Claude?" I kindly asked.

"I was asking if your scheduled visit to Montreal next month is still taking place."

Christ, that was next month? It had slipped my mind. "Of course. If there are any changes, we'll call ahead of time. My secretary will be in touch with yours in regard to my arrival."

The rest of the men then started to discuss the women I had dated in the past, wondering who I'd take as my companion on my travels. Little did they know that I was married, although I wasn't ready to openly admit that. It was a temporary arrangement; subsequently, I didn't see the need to broadcast it.

Zoning out of their conversation, I finished the half-filled wine glass just as something caught my attention through my peripheral vision. In the far corner of the restaurant was the cozier, "intimate" section, and there sat Ava. Sitting across from her was her newly divorced husband who was holding onto her outstretched hand on the table while both of his thumbs caressed her skin as they engaged in what appeared to be a very deep conversation.

The unforgettable feeling of my blood pressure spiking up rushed into my head and into my beating heart as if I was having a heart attack. My chest started to hurt like mad, yet I couldn't tear my gaze off the intimate ex-couple.

We were barely past day one, and my wife was out seeing her ex-husband. Great, just bloody fucking great. Though Ava appeared to be calm, engrossed in the conversation, her body language didn't seem overly eager to be near him. That was splendid; still, I wasn't simply going to sit here and let the bastard have a chance at winning her back. I was done dealing with him, and I'd best get a move on if I wanted him gone and banished from our lives.

I muttered an excuse to call someone and strode towards their table as I flexed my hand, wondering what I was going to do next. Then, when I heard her infectious laugh, I almost lost it. Right there. In the middle of a restaurant during lunch rush.

Before reaching their table, Ava caught sight of me making my way towards them, and she immediately looked like a deer caught in the headlights before drastically pulling her hand away and hiding it underneath the table.

God, why does she look so guilty? I started to worry, but upon reaching them, Ashton's dastardly attitude irked me the wrong way.

"Do you not see that you're interrupting a private conversation, Chambers?" he snapped at me, infuriated.

I had a second or two to decide what to do. I could very well make a scene to prove a point, or I could walk out of there and figure this out later on. Better yet ... yeah, the third option was much better.

Directing my gaze at Ava, I controlled the simmering jealousy that ricocheted through me. "You have three minutes to wrap this up. I'll be waiting for you outside, lovely wife of mine."

Unblinking, I didn't pay a glance to either of them before I walked out the door, straightening my tie as I took out my car keys. Thank goodness I had driven today because I needed some time alone with Ava to discuss her lunch date. Taking my phone out, I texted Grant to tell the rest that I had to dash and take care of something rather important and will see them back at the office in an hour's time.

Checking my watch, I noted the time as I kept glancing at the doors, waiting for her hasty exit. Two minutes had passed, and she wasn't coming. The back of my neck became heated while my body tensed, debating what to do next if she didn't come out as I had demanded.

Ten seconds past the three minutes, she breezily walked out the door, scouting for any sign of me. The instant she spotted me, she immediately looked away, her eyes downcast as she made her way towards me.

"Get in," I said as I opened the door for her. Once she was inside, I closed it before rounding the car to get into the driver's seat.

I didn't glance towards her as she sat quietly, withdrawn. I started the engine, and it roared angrily, as if making it known how powerful it was. Driving a powerful sports car that could cruise up to four hundred kilometers an hour had its advantages when one was in a rush and trying to avoid traffic.

I wasn't sure where I was heading, but I needed to drive swiftly until I could find the perfect spot to talk to her without being too far from the office. After all, I still had a meeting to attend to in an hour's time.

Once I had found the perfect spot behind a private building, I parked in the alleyway that led to a small garden with enough trees to give us privacy. I took a loud breath before killing the engine as I stared at the dashboard.

"I'm going to say this once. I expect you to explain what I just witnessed in that restaurant." My emotions were running amuck, and I couldn't differentiate any of it, because I was too livid and too caught up with Ashton's hands holding hers to think coherently.

When she didn't immediately respond, I bit the bottom of my lip as I loosened my tie. I felt like the bloody thing was suffocating me, making it much harder to think.

"There's really no point of being jealous, Reiss. Didn't last night prove that?"

There is every point.

"You were letting him touch you! I could only be thankful that none of my associates knew you're my wife, or else I would've been greatly humiliated by your thoughtless actions! Ashton knows that you married me, so you letting him touch you only gives him encouragement to keep trying to win you back. Is that what you want, Ava? Do you want to go back to him?"

"Are you trying to be rid of me?" A sob caught in her voice. "You use me, and the second you're done, you couldn't care less about what happens to me. Well, fine, I'm not going to stand in your way. I'll be out of the house by the time you come home tonight."

She was about to yank the door open when I pressed the lock button, far from done discussing this with her.

"Open the bloody door, Reiss!"

I wanted to throttle her and demand what the hell was going on in that pretty head of hers. I hadn't expected her to say those things, and I was too caught off guard by her words to have a clue what to say next. I expected this conversation to be about what had happened at the restaurant and for us to agree we'd openly tell each other if we were about to dine with anyone in particular. Her irrational response wasn't what I'd had in mind-far from it. She had gone off the rocket with that one.

"I swear, I am done with you! You used me. Last night, I gave you something I hadn't thought of giving anyone, and I did all of that because I love you. But this blasted love is pointless, because you're a heartless swine. All you care about is hurting me. Well, you've done a splendid job at making me weep, again." She paused before reaching out to grip my face with her hand, nails digging into my skin as she scathingly studied my face. When I tried to look away, she let out a harsh sound. "Look at me, you coward! Take a bloody look at me!"

I reluctantly did before immediately feeling inept.

"I'm hurting ... so please, open the door and let me go," she begged, her eyes furiously shedding tears.

Without blinking, I felt her pain digging itself into my soul.

"Sorry, but I can't do that. You're not going anywhere. Not today, not tomorrow, and most assuredly not until this shit is over. You cry foul when I kindly asked you to tell me what was behind your date with Ashton? Is that so wrong, Ava? Why throw what happened last night in my face? Last night's events have nothing to do with right now. I need to know what is going on between you two, or it'll drive me mad trying to figure out what went on between you two."

"He's leaving tomorrow, and he wanted to see me before going back to the states. I don't have any intention of being with another man. You just confuse me. One second, you're acting like a mad, jealous man; then, in the blink of an eye, you're aloof and distant, acting as if nothing's happened between us." She wiped a tear before continuing, "Though I don't know if it's relevant or not, Ash did ask if he could kiss and hold me one last time."

Ash. Yeah, the bastard might as well have asked her if he could shag her for the last time. "And did you-did you say yes?"

"He never gave me the chance to respond. He said to think about it and give him my response after dessert."

How convenient.

"Did you-did you want to do it?" I knew the risk of asking such a question, yet had to know even if it was somehow killing me inside to wait for her answer.

"It doesn't matter." She brushed it off as if to purposely taunt me.

It had worked like a charm.

"It doesn't matter," I muttered under my breath. "I see." She was royally fucking with my head, and I was letting her do it. "So, if I tell you that I'll go see Hilary tonight and do bloody knows what, I'm sure it wouldn't matter to you, would it? Since none of it is pertinent any longer."

"Go ahead. I don't care. Now will you open the door?"

This infuriating woman never did the things I expected her to.

"You are not leaving me, Ava!" I almost screamed in her face, wanting to project how frustrated I was inside. I couldn't fully explain or disclose what I was going through without sounding like I was desperate, though. I simply couldn't let her see how she got to me. I just couldn't. She was lethal to my health, to my life and welfare. "So answer me! Did you or did you not want to give in to your ex-husband's farewell request?" My body shook with fear of her answer and from the anger that was running through my veins.

She looked away, staring at her exposed, smooth thighs. "No, not even for a second. I promised not to betray you, but even then, I just can't keep betraying myself by letting him touch me when I keep wishing it was you. The past years have proven that."

Relief coursed through my body. I felt like a balloon that just popped, releasing all the tension from my body as I strived to level my breathing. "Would you mind-would you come here? I just want to hold you."

She seemed uncertain for a second before she gave a fragile nod.

Pushing the seat backwards to give enough room, I gently scooped up her body and situated her across my lap with her head against my shoulder. Relief still coursed through me as I closed my eyes. This conversation had almost made us both lose our minds and throw away this ... whatever this was at the moment.

"I don't want you to go, so please stop threatening me with it. If I come out harsh, it's because I'm not accustomed to expressing myself like I used to. The times when I'm aloof, it's mostly because I'm stressed out about something. If it's not work, it's you. I can't always give in to this possessed need to always want you, Ava. You must understand the strain that I'm under. I know it's not an excuse, but give me time to get used to it, and I'm sure I'll learn how to manage these problems along the way.

"After last night, especially after last night, I don't want to cause anymore hurt, so I'm sorry for inflicting more pain today. I felt like a madman, seeing only red after I saw he was touching you." Fragments of my feelings started to come out, and I wasn't sure where it was going to lead me. "You're mine-my wife-and I don't ever share what's mine, most especially you. You should know that by now."

"This is good enough-hearing you say these things is good enough to make me happy. If it's not possible to love me again, your trust and loyalty is enough." She gazed up at me, looking flushed with her reddened eyes, before taking my lips, kissing me with all of her heart. I kissed her in the same fevered fashion, but when her hand travelled below and started to rub my cock outside my trousers, I groaned in protest.

"I have a meeting that I can't cancel, so there's no time for this. Tonight, I promise, once I get you to bed, I'll pleasure you until you succumb to sleep from it all." I tried to stop her hand from aggravating my cock even more as I gave her chaste kisses, hoping she'd pay heed.

"I don't want a bed. I need you now-inside me." She moaned my name just as I felt her working through unbuttoning my trousers. I muttered her name when I heard the sound of the zipper being lowered and then felt the heat of her overeager hand stroking my length. "Please? I promise to be quick."

Like I ever stood a chance. "It's all yours, princess. Do as you wish."

She wickedly grinned before she shifted her position, straddling me with her thighs on both sides of my hips. She lifted the ends of her dress, giving me a glimpse of her white, lacey underwear. She pushed the flimsy fabric to the side then slowly lowered herself on my shaft. We groaned in unison as the head of my cock disappeared into her famished cunt.

"I can't believe you wore that to see your ex. God, I'll gladly punish you tonight, just you wait," I promised as I tried to push away the tortured thoughts of her and Ashton. "I'm going to make you suffer ..." The words almost didn't come out of my mouth because the wench was lost in her own world, riding my cock until she milked me to the very last drop.

She was bloody fantastic. Breathtakingly incredible.

This was the Ava I knew. Nothing would stop her from achieving whatever she wanted. Heavens, life was definitely much brighter with her in it.

Chapter 28

Reiss

"Mum and dad are both expecting us come Friday. We'll be staying all weekend, so pack enough clothes, and please, a swimsuit is a must, unless you'd like to go without one." I was on the phone with Ava because I somehow had managed to have overlooked something that had been planned months back.

My jovial tone went on a serious note, clearing my throat as I primed myself to tell her. "There's another thing," I started saying, pausing just to make sure she had a second or two to process what was to come next. "There's this fundraiser, and I had seriously forgotten about it until Emily reminded me of it earlier this morning. I hope that's all right with you?"

"Yeah," her small voice came through. It was making me incredibly guilty.

The past two weeks had been brilliantly fantastic, and I was hoping this tiny error on my part wouldn't change a thing between us.

"Are you going with someone; is that why you're telling me about this?" She sounded rational, as if none of this was bothering her, which only made me frown a little more.

"Emily had previously put Hilary's name in, and since all the formal invitations were sent out, it's hard to change names at the last minute. You know how these things work-"

"I do. Of course I do." She sighed before adding, "Are you coming home to change, or will you be changing at the office?"

"I'm coming home. Maybe we could share a small meal or something ..." Anything, really, as long as she wasn't royally mad at me.

"Yeah, I suppose that won't be so bad. What time should I expect you?" she asked, just as I glanced at the time.

"In an hour." I cleared my throat. "Expect me in an hour's time."

Staring at the hairpin that had a jewel that was closely similar to her eyes, my memory took me to the morning I had taken it out of her hair while she was sleeping. As always, we had ended up in bed right after we had arrived back from dinner, and in my haste, I had simply ripped her clothes off because I couldn't wait any longer. She had looked peaceful with her dark her in a perfect imperfect disarray, framing her beautiful face. I was uncertain what had prompted me to take it, but something had me wanting to have a piece of her with me while at work.

It made me feel closer to her since she spent her days doing whatever she had planned. From yoga to scouting the perfect nursery, she had managed to fill her time with all kinds of activities so she didn't have to keep waiting for me to get home. I was ecstatic that she was having a lovely time. Although, at the same time, I was worried she was on her own.

When I had requested if she would be okay if I hired another driver for her convenience, she had immediately shut it down, leaving me somehow frustrated and frightened for her safety. It wasn't just her that I was protecting now; she was carrying our little bundle, and I was this overprotective man who simply wanted them safe at all times.

"Ava ..." I trailed off, wanting to say so much, yet I wasn't sure how to even start.

"Yes, Reiss?"

I miss you ... "I'll see you in a bit, yeah?" I was a coward, and I knew it. I had this immense fear that, if I started telling her what was going on in my mind, she might change her mind and take flight. The first time had been tragic enough. If she did it to me again, I wouldn't stop until she fully knew how furious I was with her.

After ending the call with a hasty goodbye, my hand clung on to her emblem.

Hilary had called earlier, stating that, if I didn't want to take her, she totally understood because she knew my situation with Ava. I felt awful since I knew Hilary had gone through such lengths to prepare for tonight. I didn't want to hurt Ava's feelings, nor did I want to rebuff Hilary's lengthy preparations for a night out. Besides, I knew tonight was important because I hadn't been doing much else after work other than be with Ava, and deep down, I believed that, if I didn't put a little space between us, things could get utterly complicated. However, I knew I had better ask Ava for that face to face so I could see her expressions and tell if she was lying to hurt me or not.

Approximately an hour later, I arrived at the house, finding Ava sprawled in front of the television, indulging in her odd fascination with reality TV. She had cute, bite-sized egg, ham, and fresh mozzarella with tomato and basil sandwiches. She also had petite, fresh-cut chips; mini fruit tarts; fresh creme; and blueberry scones with a freshly brewed pot of tea.

"Hello ..." I greeted with a knock before I strode into the room, grinning at her engrossed face as she ate one of the sandwiches. The sauce oozed out of the sandwich, leaving her with a small peach colored smear next to her lip. "How's your afternoon going?" I bent over to give her a peck before my thumb swiped the sauce off her face. Then, placing it in between my lips, I sucked the flavor from my thumb. "Tasty," I murmured and saw her cheeks flush beautifully at me.

"Hi," she greeted me with a smile before her concentration went back to the show.

Sitting next to her, I took my time as I poured myself a cup of tea before taking my shoes off and stretching out. She eagerly sought my warmth and placed her head on my chest.

"Most of these women have fake boobs. They look rather tacky on such a small frame," she murmured much to herself before glancing at me. "Have you touched one? Does it feel rubbery like it appears to me?"

My brows rose up, a soft chuckle emanating from me. "Well, let's see ..." I pretended to recall the women I had been with as she patiently waited for me. "I do remember this one woman. She was gorgeous, but one could immediately tell that she wasn't happy with her body. It was all she spoke about the entire night, and seeing that I was more inebriated than I cared for, I hadn't minded when she kept on talking about how she wanted to enlarge this area, stretch that part. It was unfortunate, really, but yeah, her boobs weren't rubbery per say. Although, I can't fully agree they were soft, either. I suppose they were right between rubbery and soft"-I made a face-"if that makes sense at all."

"Which do you prefer?" she asked curiously.

"Need you ask?" I pulled her towards me, leaving kisses on her neck before trailing them down to the valley of her cleavage. "I prefer these. Not just any boobs, but my wife's breasts. They're mighty glorious."

She squealed as she protested, and told me I had better be on my best behavior.

When we separated, she told me, "I made blueberry scones. I remember you used to love them." She took a napkin before carefully taking one from the small pile on the blue china. Handing it to me, she urged me to take a small bite.

The sweetness softly crumbled on my tongue, melting into a powdery goodness. "Delicious. Christ, how I love these," I groaned as I took another bite before making another sound of enthusiasm. "So good ..."

For a while, my attention was focused on the show as well, wondering how in the world these women survived acting and looking like they had come out of a drag show. The piled on make-up, larger than life breasts, ostentatious jewelry, claw-like nails, and the hideous hair ... did any men find these monstrosities attractive?

Quietly, we both ate, enjoying each other's company in comfortable silence. I knew I should start getting ready soon; however, I wasn't completely inclined to leave her side just yet. I liked this-the comfortable silence, the companionship, the feeling of having Ava next to me. Was this how life was supposed to be with her-simple, uncomplicated, without much care for the rest of the world?

I actually found it truly relaxing because, with the high tension-filled environment of my everyday life, it was refreshing to come home to a home. Not just a house I stayed at to sleep, but a home where I could relax and share my time with someone who appreciated my presence without demanding anything, without having to explain how my day had gone, or whatever else women usually adored talking about-all the things Ava didn't do. She was happy with how things were going, plain and simple.

"I'm going to shower." I started to get up before placing a kiss on her forehead. "Thank you for the food. As always, it was lovely."

Once I reached my bedroom, I immediately went into the bathroom to turn on the shower jets. Leaving it to run to my preferred temperature, I went into my walk-in closet and started undressing. Right then, my phone rang with Hilary's name flashing on the screen. Taking the call, I swiftly told her I should be there in an hour or so. Ending the call, I took a deep, stressful sigh.

Preparing for this event was an exhausting process that I wished I didn't have to deal with, but this had already been pre-arranged months back, before Ava had come back into my life. Then there was the fact that, although there was no question that I liked being with Ava, a major part of me wanted space from being too close to her. I had meant to tell Ava as much, yet I somehow ended up not going through with it.

Earlier in the day, her father had actually called me, asking how Ava was doing and wondering if I had any idea when his daughter would eventually call him so they could build their relationship again. I was actually surprised that she hadn't reached out to them yet. However, I understood-when she was truly ready, she'd go see her father.

He wasn't a bad man, not really. I didn't blame him for doing what he had to me, because he had believed he was protecting his daughter. I loathed him for being so intrusive, but I had ended up learning a lot of things from him. I had learned what it was like to really work hard to achieve something great, something remarkable that affected other people's lives.

His occasional calls had initially brought out so much ferocity in me, but as time had worn on, I had realized his direct approach that usually came out harsh was actually constructive criticism. Never underestimate an opposition or a business threat, always pay heed to the small details because those were essential in intense negotiations. When millions and billions were on the line, people could get very creative with their not so honorable intentions. Those comments had been made to shape me up mentally, to keep challenging me to never get comfortable in whatever situation I was in.

In an odd, twisted fashion, I saw him as my mentor who had never given up on me. Even if I hadn't been sure whether I possessed the potential to succeed, he had. He had been confident I would one day become successful, pouring money into funding my school and extra classes that were not school related, yet essential to understanding the global business market. We had developed civility between each other through all of those dealings.

That was why, when he had showed up at my office unannounced, declaring I had better marry his daughter, I had been taken aback by his demand. Even though he had reasoned he didn't want the child to be a bastard, or for his daughter to be a single mother, deep down, I had known he had really come to see that I was a decent, hardworking man who had no ill will towards Ava before or at present.

Not only did I have a lot to thank him for, the man had ears and spies all over the globe, unfortunately. Consequently, I best tread carefully.

Chapter 29

Reiss

I left the house without a peep from Ava. When I had come downstairs, ready to leave, she had still been in the same place I had left her almost an hour ago. She had simply given me a smile and told me to be safe and have a good time. It was great and all; however, her not showing any concern made me wonder if she cared much at all. The desired effect I had hoped to gain with this space from her seemed to have backfired, and I had no one to blame except myself.

After leaving the house, I headed straight to Hilary's place in Fitzrovia. As expected, she didn't spare any expense on her appearance. Before, I had been accustomed to having this sort of woman around me most of the time-a decade of women who had little to no depth at all-but after being with Ava for over two weeks, I felt like I had been under an illusion.

Although most were kind, good women, they didn't engage in any conversations that were intriguing or comical. If not engaged in appearance, being famous and powerful, vacations, money, or any of the latest fashion trends, most of them would only nod and smile at will, yet would offer nothing in retort. I used to like being around that sort, but after being with Ava, I simply abhorred it. I supposed, sooner or later, men did have to grow up and, in a sense, grow some balls.

Half an hour after into the fundraiser benefitting cancer, I was managing to uphold fake smiles and interest in superficial conversations. All was going as per usual, until I found Charlotte Watson's icy glare giving me the chill along with the ultimate blast from the past.

Without ado, I excused myself from the investment bankers and Hilary, who seemed to have bonded with one of the wives who had one of the top of the art facials that could make any woman shed ten years off without surgery. She was a pure example of the kind of superficiality this world had come to. Pathetic.

Striding towards the Ice Queen of Hell, I ground my jaws together as I composed myself, ready to see where this meet and greet could lead us. The second I reached her, my hand pressed against my chest as I gave her a small nod, as if she was of importance.

"Good evening, Charlotte. You look well, and truly lovely, as expected." Lying through my teeth was an expertise I had acquired through years of practice. One had to learn the art of deception when they had to mingle amongst the high ranking, rotten lot; it was mandatory. Thou shall not offend thee ill-gotten society, or thou wouldst risk being shunned.

Charlotte gave me a scathing glance with a raised brow while she seemed to be appraising me from head to foot. "Well, once being a lowly gardener, you certainly know how to dress deceivingly. I don't like you, and I doubt I will ever accept you as my daughter's husband since you're far off the mark when compared to a lovely man such as Ashton Westwood. But, being as my opinion isn't highly valued by my daughter, it seems, I have no choice other than to stand behind my husband's decision since she's carrying your child."

Her opinions mattered little to me.

When she cast her eyes towards Hilary's direction, I knew there was more to come from her toxic tirade.

"Is this how you disrespect my child, by parading your mistress at social functions while you hide her away from the world? Charles begged of me to give you a second chance, but given the present situation, I doubt I will ever see you in a different light. I don't tolerate dalliances when it's my daughter's life in question. Does she know about this woman; is that why she's here out in the society while you two parade around like lovers while you keep my daughter in hiding until she gives birth to your heir?"

How could she even understand what the depth of my situation with Ava was, given that she had already made a very low opinion of me?

"Ava is in good hands. I will provide of her for as long as I am capable of doing so. She will want for nothing. And, if you're so curious about what our relationship is built on, why don't you go ahead and ask your daughter instead?" My quip wasn't the sharpest, but she was bombarding me with all these things at the wrong time-at a very high-profiled fundraiser!

She reddened, looking like a volcano about to erupt as she tried to control herself. "I never thought the day would come when I wished you were the same boy who was in love with my daughter. I'd rather have you poor and in love with her than have you as a wealthy tycoon who cares little for my daughter's heart.

"Pay heed, the moment she gives birth to my grandchild, I'll do everything in my power to take you down. You don't deserve her, nor do you deserve the child she's going to bear you." She immediately strutted into the crowd, feeling high and mighty with her belittling treatment of me.

I could've argued. I could've said a lot of things that would paint me in a much brighter light. However, she had a point. Having her point out that she'd rather have me poor while still in love with her daughter had given me a glimpse of her thawing ice queen personality. I wasn't sure why, but I had a feeling she was looking forward to meeting her grandchild. As was I.

Joining the bankers and Hilary's company once more, I tried to draw some interest in their conversation, but I somehow ended up wanting to scream like mad. Charlotte Watson's voice kept hounding my mind. It was as if she had planted a seed that wouldn't eject itself from my conscience. I felt like she had successfully triggered something I'd squashed ages ago. I was about to go mental.

I couldn't take it any longer. I needed to breathe, to run and get the bloody hell out of here. I had to pull Hilary to the side and told her there was an emergency of sorts that I immediately had to handle. Then, I apologized for leaving her before the dinner had even been announced.

Dashing towards the nearest pub available, I hastily went inside and sat my troubled arse down on one of the red leather seats before asking for a double shot of the best brandy they had.

Five double shots down, I shut my eyes as I pressed the bridge of my nose while my mind recalled the night that had changed my life.

It had started very similar to this. I had been heated and about to go mental. Ava's absolute rejection of my pitiful hand in marriage had forced me to seek out my friends. I had wanted to hear them tell me walking away from the woman I loved was the brightest and soundest decision I'd ever made, since I had fallen into the deep end of madness. Love was poison. I had felt its vile, acrid taste on my tongue as I had tried to keep myself together and not shred into pieces because of the only person that mattered to me repeatedly rejecting me in one day.

My self-confidence had been abysmal by the time I sat down to drink with my friends. My ego and pride were bloody non-existent at that point. Consequently, like the jolly old, brilliant friends they were to me, they had also drunk until we couldn't coherently form a sentence.

At first, it had been rather hilarious. Tom and Benjamin would start singing a blasted song then, after a verse or two, they'd start putting their own words into it, making it all the merrier as we had kept on downing one drink after the other until the pub had closed and booted us out of there.

I wasn't sure what truly occurred thereafter. Although, from my vague recollection, I had actually offered to drive. I was told I might end up driving them all to Ava's house to take on her posh boyfriend; thus, someone else had taken the seat.

It had been in the wee hours of the morning, with the roads practically empty, so it was all good and well. However, halfway through, I felt ill from the thoughts of Ava and that posh boyfriend of hers divulging in sexual activities in one of the rooms in the manor. I had ultimately ended up wanting to chuck up everything, as if to dispel all of the bad things that had happened to me hours prior. Subsequently, the car stopped while I vomited on the side of the road, hugging my abdomen as I retched.

My friends rumbled on about the football match that we were all betting on-Manchester United and Arsenal. I had heard the car engine turn on as they all had continued to argue about the bloody idiotic match while they'd somehow overlooked that I wasn't in the car, which had been rather absurd because the door had still hung wide open while Benjamin's head had stuck out the opposing window to sing the Manchester United song.

The whole scene had been rather comical, and I had found myself laughing to my wits end until my laughing had turned to tears of horror just as I witnessed the crash of the car. They had hit the tree at such a speedy rate that the car had been immediately engulfed in flames, leaving me no choice other than to call for help.

However, before the ambulance had come to the scene, I had run towards the car despite the front being wildly engulfed by fire, which had left Tom and Rory with no hope of escape. Benjamin and Felix had been in the back with me, but when I tried to pull the car door open, it was jammed.

Feeling hopeless, I had been a wreck as I had tried to scream and kick the door with all my might to no avail. The entire time, Benjamin and Felix had remained unconscious as I had bellowed at the top of my lungs, telling them to wake up. When all hope had left me, I had actually thought Benjamin had opened his eye a crack, smiling at me as if he had been telling me it was okay, that I should stop acting hysterical and save myself before the whole thing blew up.

I remembered screaming through my tears as my hand had imprinted on the window glass, saying goodbye to Benjamin, Rory, Tom, and Felix-my best friends.

They had all died in one fatal blow because I had been too rotten and selfish to think about anyone's welfare. I had been too pathetically heartbroken to take it like a real man should.

And, just like that, I had started running as far as my legs could take me with no direction. I didn't know when I had fallen asleep, yet when I had woken up, Charles Watson had been there to greet me with a proposal that had changed my life for good.

Accepting his proposition was the coward's way out; however, I hadn't seen another option at the time. With all of the guilt from losing my best friends in the blink of an eye and the hate-filled fury I had possessed for Ava, I couldn't fathom going back to my old life. The mere thought of being surrounded by the people who reminded me I was the only one living when all of my friends had died was unconscionable. What's more, I hadn't needed a reminder of Ava. If possible, I had wanted to forget her altogether.

Therefore, I had, or so I had led myself to believe.

Not fairing any better than when I had first gotten to the pub, I kindly asked the barman to call me a cab. I was no longer the reckless teenager who thought he could take on whatever when drunk. Losing my friends had taught me my limitations-to know when I'd had enough.

The ride from the bar towards my home went by in a blur. I arrived past midnight, and just as expected, the house was still and quiet. Racing up the steps, I sought Ava's room, thinking how inconvenient it was to be staying in separate quarters when most of the time I found myself there, anyhow.

That was one of the things I wanted to address. I wanted her to move all of her things to my room so we didn't have to pretend as if we truly wanted privacy. It was high time to fix the huge misstep I had taken by pushing her away.

Standing outside her door, I stretched my neck from side to side, hoping to release some of the tension, before taking a lungful of air and willing myself to open the door.

What was on the other side was as terrifying as it was splendid. My next steps could lead me to everything I had ever wished for ...... or everything my nightmares were made of.

Chapter 30

Reiss

The room held little to no lighting. Usually, she left one curtain parted to allow some light, yet tonight, it was almost black, and I could barely make out the details of the room and its furniture. Thank the gods I knew the familiar route towards the bed.

The second I reached the side of the bed that I usually occupied; I focused my eyes on her, wanting to see a glimpse of her loveliness. For a moment, I simply admired her.

Taking one shoe off after the other, I took off my tie before shedding the rest of my clothes, only leaving my bottoms on. Sliding into the bed, I placed both hands behind my head and shut my lids to recap the horrid night I'd had. Of all the venomous people to see tonight, I had to have the unfortunate luck to be greeted by the leader of the pack.

"You're here ..." I heard Ava mumble before saying, "How did it go?" She sounded as if she was asking how my day or a meeting had gone, totally the polar opposite of the shrieking woman I had pictured in my head.

"Ava, about tonight, we can talk about it if you like."

I heard her sigh before saying, "Reiss, please, you don't have to do this. It's fine. You can go by yourself to these events. There's no need for you to explain yourself or feel bad about. You were clear in the beginning, and I have accepted that. As I said before, having you this way is better than nothing, and I stand by that decision."

"What do you mean?" I sounded exactly as I felt, frustrated as hell. "So are you telling me you're fine with me going out, wining and dining other women, just as long as you have me come home to you every night? Am I getting this right, or am I off the mark?"

She made another sigh, the sound starting to grate on me. "I don't need you to feel like it's an obligation to take me with you when you socialize since I'm carrying your baby or we're sleeping together," she grounded out, sounding more level-headed as the time ticked away. "It's fine, and I mean that, Reiss. So, please, you need not worry."

"How can you sound so calm and tell me not to worry? Everything about this is making me bloody worry. You acting rather nonchalant about other women makes me believe you would readily tolerate such behavior from me. I truly apologize if my past actions led you to believe such, but I don't want any of this. The more time I've had to think about it, the more I have come to believe that I don't want anyone else sparking your interest due to my neglect of you."

"Reiss, you haven't neglected me. I just know how these marriages work. I see this sort of relationship happen all the time, so you don't have to feel awful about it." She reached out to touch my chest, as if trying to soothe the tension that was wired into my body.

"You're not getting my point, Ava! Just for a second, please, just listen to me." Pressing my temples, I pulled myself together and sat up on the bed, somewhat slouched as I blindly stared into the ocean of comforters and sheets. "I want this to work. I don't want some complicated relationship with you that's based on an agreement and nothing more. I'm trying to tell you that I want a marriage- a real one-with you." I suddenly felt nervous when she didn't respond; however, I didn't glance back, needing courage to finish what I had to say before facing her and what she thought of it. "I want a family, maybe a couple more kids after this little bun. Marriage has always been on my mind, although I never really thought it would happen since I paid little attention to making it happen before.

"What I told you at The Savoy about me telling the woman I loved to wait because she was who I wanted to marry ... it was all a lie. I made that up to somehow build a protection around me, and at the same time, for you not to have any designs other than what we'd agreed upon. I was in the wrong to that because, you see, I had underestimated your power over me.

"I should've taken a lesson from the past-it would be an impossibility for me to ever resist you, Ava. Apart from the brilliant chemistry between us, we also have this bond that I've shared with no one else. I'm comfortable with you. I can be myself without having to always worry about my partner accusing me of being neglectful. We enjoy each other's laughter as much as we enjoy our joined silence while we simply drift into our own worlds.

"I have no doubt in my mind that you're going to be a splendid mother. I also have no reservations that you will do everything in your power to keep us both-the child and I-happy in your care and in our home. You have this calming energy about you that lulls my troubles away. Maybe it's simply how much you represent one of the happiest times of my life. But none of it matters if you don't see a future for us, or anything past having the baby.

"Tonight ... tonight, I realized how much I wanted you to be there, standing next to me. I actually pictured you whispering silly things or rather fun facts about the people we'd encountered. Your sense of humor is off beat, but I think it's cute, and I want all of that. I want all of you.

"These past weeks have been nothing short of amazing, and I want this-us-to continue. I want us to be weathering all the good and the bad, hand in hand, as we tackle them together.

"Being with you made me realize how much I need you with me. You make me feel as if I'm truly living. For years, I have been living a lie, believing that everything was perfect and nothing would ever crumble the world I had made for myself, but you came along and proved me wrong. You appeared out of nowhere, just as you had that first time, and effortlessly took my breath away.

"I'm not perfect, nor do I want to be. I have the oddest tendency of being a bastard and unapologetically irrational when jealous. Also, I have the hardest time trying to put my emotions into words, which must tell you how difficult of a journey it was for me to get to the point where I can openly tell you I want this to work, forever if you're willing.

"I'm sure you already know that you didn't marry a saint, but I can give you my word that I'm loyal, and I'll be your greatest advocate, to cheer you on when you're feeling blue or when your mother decides to grace us with her superiority. I'm going to be here, next to you, holding you because you and I are a unit.

"I also can't promise that, along the way, I won't let you down a time or two, and I hope, when that time comes, you won't give up on me, because even though I know I can be a stubborn fool, I won't ever leave you. So, to save us both the argument and screams, I'm giving you an advanced warning where that's concerned."

I took a moment, recalling everything. "The past made us who we are today, and even though it was a turning point in my life, I didn't ever regret loving you. True, I hated you on sight, but that all stemmed from rejection, amongst other things. But I have moved past that, setting it aside, and all the emotional baggage I have harbored is gone. I won't ever forget what it did to me, but it's time to bury the hatchet and move forward."

Letting myself look at her, I shifted to fully face her before gathering both of her hands with mine, holding on to them to show her how much I meant all of this. "I care about your happiness, and if you think or doubt for a moment that I'm not the man to give you the kind of joy you're seeking from a partner, then I'll gladly step away and let you go, though reluctantly, of course." Seeking her eyes, I held my breath as I read her eyes, hoping they could clue me in on how she would respond.

"Reiss, I appreciate you telling me this. In fact, you spilling all of those pent up emotions enlightened me as to what you have been going through. But, for the past weeks, haven't you listened to a word I've told you?" She frowned as she made a small shake of her head, as if she couldn't believe how clueless I was. "Men!" she ferociously exclaimed before giving me the evil eye.

"When I said I loved you, it meant that I'm here for as long as you want me, for as long as you need me. It might sound tragic to some, but I don't have any pride or ego left, because for ten years, I've used it all up. And, now that I have you in the most unconventional ways, I'm willing to make this opportunity work, one way or the other. So, when I say I love you, you shouldn't think that I will walk away because you're acting like a bloody fool or the complete insufferable prick that you can truly be at most times ... because that's the thing, I love you even when you're being such a dastardly bastard.

"I love you in all of your moods and colors. I've come to love you, Reiss, not all these grand trappings you can provide, though I admit it's rather impressive. It's you that I want, not what you represent." A tiny smile played on her lips, her eyes glowing with love. "I love you as Reiss, and I love you as Craig, although I love you even more being Craig Reiss Chambers because this man came into my life, turning it upside down, blazing into it with little care for consequences. Though he was resistant in the beginning, our connection was too deep to be ignored. I knew...I just had to wait for the right time that he'll realize that this time...I'm here to stay." She smiled. "I had to do a little extra digging to find out what was the connection between the names...money could really be useful sometimes when trying to unlock someone's past."

Well, knowing how she worked, I wasn't even surprised that she went above and beyond to figure this one out without asking me. Typical Ava.

"I-" I cleared my throat, partially grinning. "So, does that mean you're staying to be my wife? I'm not sure if you heard, but I stated that I wanted to be married forever, and that's a rather long time. If you change your mind twenty years down the road, you'd have a better success rate at plotting my demise than getting a divorce from me, so you should think long and hard, princess."

Rolling her eyes, she snorted before taking me down so I was atop her pliant body. "If you're trying to scare me away, you better do a better job since this rather laughable attempt is too poor of one to be taken seriously."

I barked a laugh at her comment, grinning from ear to ear before I nuzzled her neck, breathing her in. I felt my body sag against her, already intoxicated by her nearness. This feeling of contentment, this simple sort of happiness, made everything worthwhile. My doubts were cast aside. My mental state was clearer than ever. My heart was creaking its door open slowly. And, as for the rest, I knew what Charlotte had said was true-I wasn't worthy of her daughter, although I would try forever.

While I was lost in the fluffy haze of my imagination, Ava shifted a bit so her lips were close to my ear. "I have something on my mind that may indirectly affect you," she informed me in a hushed tone, making me alert and suspicious in a second's time.

Hating to be parted from my comfortable nook, I frowned at her. "Go on?"

"I was told by numerous women in one of my yoga classes that my breasts would eventually lose a little gravity after childbirth. What happens then? I'm sure you would not be fond of that, and would rather have the rubbery, borderline on softness tits." She did appear like this was troubling her, which only made her all the more adorable in my eyes.

Using a serious tone, I looked her straight in the eye. "Bloody hell, Ava, do you honestly think I'm that shallow of a man? You're pregnant with my child, and it's one of the grandest things any woman could give to a man. I don't bloody give a damn about tits losing gravity or trails of stretch marks because your skin had to stretch far and wide to cater to my daughter or son. Hell, I'd take on an extra twenty pounds, or fifty, or a hundred, for that matter, if that's what you're trying to get at." I meant every single word, too. I wasn't toying around with her.

She instantly appeared perplexed, aghast at my suggestion. "Fifty? A hundred? Are you implying that you want me to look like a buffalo?"

Hell. I wouldn't have minded, one way or the other. Was that so difficult to comprehend? "Buffalo or whatever, you'd be beautiful in all shapes and sizes."

That seemed to have mellowed her a little. I began to pay homage to her delectable breasts that were soon to lose their gravity-or so she claimed-kissing my way across them. She easily succumbed to my persistent kisses, and opened herself up to me. My cock sprang to life as I started to rub it against her, prolonging the sweet torture. Her kisses went from sweet to feverish, igniting the fire in my blood that only she set ablaze.

"Marry me again, Ava ..." I said in between kisses, wanting a second chance at this. Our marriage.

"What?" She paused, eyeing me with scrutiny. "But we just got married!"

I shrugged. "I know, but I want a real one, with you wearing a beautiful gown, walking towards me to celebrate our future together." It was a thought that had made me crazy mad back in our youth, and it was something I intended to happen. "I always dreamt of you in a wedding gown. It was just unfortunate that I saw you marrying someone else."

"Oh, Reiss ..." She reached out to me, holding me close to her chest. "If this is want you want, then I'd be more than willing to splurge your riches to have a wedding that's too costly when it's over and done with in a day."

"If that's the price I have to pay to see you in a wedding dress, then have a go at it, princess. My bank account is open for business."

She tapped my shoulder with that cute, little pout of hers. "Now you're just being cheeky."

Well, since we are on that particular subject, let me emphasize, "I'm rather fond of cheeks. When your back is arched and your bottom's thrusting upwards, legs parted just enough for me to see the glorious channels I could pleasure myself with ... north and south, I worship thee and thy holy passages."

Chapter 31

Reiss

"I'm sorry, but I can't make it to you in time." Ava was scheduled for a check-up, and as much as it pained me to cancel on her at the last minute, I simply couldn't walk away when something critical had just come to my attention regarding one of the main accountants in the finance department. They had pointed out that someone was redirecting money, discreetly siphoning funds to an offshore bank account in Southeast Asia. It was something I couldn't ignore.

"Are you sure you can't handle it later on? This won't take long; I promise it'll be worth it. I really thought you'd love to see the baby for the first time since finding out about it." Disappointment laced her voice, making me feel like a downright awful husband, one who couldn't care less about our baby, though that was entirely untrue. They both mattered greatly to me.

I vowed to make amends, yet I knew cancelling on her at the last minute would most likely make her extra frustrated because she wanted me to go through the awe-like experience of seeing the baby on screen for the first time.

"Next time, I promise, or you can have my head chopped off by a butcher." My light, jovial attitude merely evoked a regrettable sigh from her.

"You leave me no choice but to accept this, I guess. You really have to promise me that you'll be there for the next appointment. I don't like feeling this way, as if I can't rely on you, Reiss."

Her comment weighed heavily on me, making me think twice about my actions, just as Emily came through the door bearing folders that needed to be thoroughly examined. They contained documents and records that were hidden in a sub-file so they would be difficult to see by the financial department.

"Ava, I'll explain everything when I see you tonight. I'm truly sorry that I can't be there with you. You must know that I wouldn't trade that for something less important, but this problem will most likely put my company in jeopardy if I don't take care of it immediately," I said, feeling helpless when I heard her sigh once more. "Text me updates? A photo or a video, perhaps? Also, please don't forget to let me know that you're back home. If I don't pick up your call, I'd love for you to leave a message."

"All right. I'll see you tonight, then."

I could easily see her pouting, which made me smile for no apparent reason.

"I'll be seeing you, princess," I murmured, hoping she was going to be okay without me.

After making a hasty goodbye, a team of four people came through the door, ready to discuss where to start with the investigation. They were talking about estimated figures stolen. Usually, when they said estimated, the real numbers tended to be triple digits, sometimes more. How could the department have managed to overlook this? Each year, they were given bonuses and gifts on top of their vacations, promotions if qualified, and whatever else they achieved. If the profits doubled, I made sure they got something out of that. I was a fair employer, and I believed people that worked hard deserved to be rewarded; subsequently, for someone to do this to me made it truly personal.

At around four-fifteen in the afternoon, a few phones started beeping. The team that was supposed to be focused on research and trying to get to the bottom of this problem while the company hackers tried to crack the security coded sub-files instantly started to murmur, looking mighty suspicious from where I was sitting.

"Does there seem to be a problem? Mind sharing your thoughts instead of whispering them to each other like a bunch of people trying to plot something?"

The younger man blushed before looking at me gravely. "There's been an explosion somewhere in St. Regent's Park, and another in Baker's Street tube station. There is speculation that it's a terrorist attack, but nothing's been confirmed, sir."

My body ran hot and then cold. Surely this couldn't be another 7/7 attacks that left the city in a chaotic state. People had been in a shambles, mourning for all the lost lives and the city that they all loved. Then, another thought came, causing my heart to drop to my stomach.

"Do any of you happen to know how far Harley Street is from these locations?" I asked as fear settled in like a devil's claw around my heart, squeezing it until I was out of breath. The exchanged looks didn't settle the panic that was spreading like a virus inside of me.

The only woman amongst them took the liberty of using the internet to research the distance. Normally, I'd know the answer to this, but my mind couldn't seem to function.

"It says it's about three minutes walking distance, give or take. Given the situation and the massive traffic the area might be in at the moment, I'd say it'd take hours to even get through right now, if at all."

Bloody fuck, I thought as I reached for my phone. When I saw it shake, I had to stop and take a moment to squeeze my hand shut while, at the same time, I was silently convincing myself that everything was going to be okay.

Christ, if something happened to Ava... No! Make the bloody call, my mind pressured me, willing myself to do something other than succumb to the fear that was influencing my entirety at the moment.

Anxiety attached like a leech, sucking the life out of me as I made the call. After the first ring, it immediately went to voicemail. Hearing her cheery voice made me want to hurl the phone and weep with frustration. It didn't help that I hadn't received any messages or voicemails from her to tell me she was on her way home. It had been two hours since I had spoken to her. Surely the appointment was over and done with before this had happened, right?

Past caring about the odd glances the young team was giving me, I kept on trying to call her to no avail. Each time, I left a message, begging her to call me back.

I even made a call to the house, asking Alistair, the butler, if she was already home from the doctor's. His response was negative, making my stomach even more like a pit of venomous snakes were swimming in it.

Ten minutes passed, and I dismissed the team because I simply couldn't function with them giving me curious glances. The second they departed, I called Emily to the room.

"I'm sure you've heard about the news," she immediately said before closing the door behind her.

"Yes. I have, and I need your assistance to locate someone." Where did I even start with this? I was thinking all sorts of things at such a speedy rate I could barely concentrate with the headache that was splitting my head in to two. "I need you to call Scotland Yard and do what you must to find her. Heck, if they're all busy, given the alleged attacks today, hire an investigator or someone who can help me find her in the least amount of time. Is that understood?"

"Crystal." She nodded before cocking her head to the side. "And who is she, to be precise? I doubt anyone would take on the job with the description of her alone, sir."

"My wife!" I almost barked at her. What the hell was her problem? She needed to scram and call someone to help me find her.

"You're married?" She looked perplexed. "I still need a name, though..." she continued when I didn't respond to her, merely giving her a death stare.

"Ava Chambers ... was Ava Westwood."

My deadpanned tone made something click behind her mind before she frowned and gave me a curt nod. "I'll get back to you after I have news."

However, even Emily's expert negotiating skills didn't bring any news to fruition. Panic seized me more and more firmly the longer Ava's phone remained unavailable.

Of all the things I had experienced in life, this was something I wasn't accustomed to feeling. It left me a man of nerves, like my world was about to fall apart any moment, and I had no power to stop it. The saying "in God's hands" made so much sense to me in that instant.

Left with no choice, I had to call the only other person who would know what to do-her father. I made the call and departed for the day, unable to concentrate on anything except Ava.

Driving home when the entire city was gripped by fear and panic wasn't the best way to dampen the crippling terror that was growing inside me; therefore, it was a fortunate thing that the helicopter pilot was still in the building and was immediately ready to take me back to my home. I loved driving and rarely used this kind of transportation, but today, I felt helpless, as if my fate was in someone else's hands-someone who had a sick humor and took great pleasure in smashing my world into smithereens.

The travel from the office to my home didn't give me any inclination to peek at how grave it was down there. Because, if I did, I might not survive. Ava had declined offers of having her own car and driver because she was fond of taking cabs and walking about the city. And this was the downside of giving in to my wife's wishes-leaving her in harm's way. There was nothing I could do about it, either, other than wait until something came up.

Maybe the jammed traffic and people scattered about in a frantic state were all using their phones, trying to reach family and loved ones, which made it impossible to get ahold of her. She was probably somewhere safe, chatting up the cabbie as she worried about what was going on. Yes, she was safe ...

God, she had better be safe, or I won't ever forgive myself.

An hour later, I was back at the house, drinking scotch in the living room while awaiting Charles Watson's arrival. It didn't take long until Alistair announced his arrival, and what caught me by surprise was that he wasn't alone. He had brought his wife with him.

"Charles," I greeted him with a firm handshake before directing my gaze towards his other half. "Charlotte."

The patronizing woman I had encountered two nights prior at the fundraiser had completely vanished. The Charlotte before me was an entire wreck, hysterically weeping as she mumbled what a horrible mother she'd been to her only child. Charles didn't seem like he was faring well, either. He was attempting to comfort his wife, whispering assurances that all would be well, although his eyes mirrored my own, feeling gravelly glum as to where Ava might have been.

With our phones close to us, we vigilantly waited for Ava's call in the living room, barely touching the snacks and hot tea that had been replaced several times since the first ones had been set before us, untouched.

Time trickled slowly, and as the night wore on, we were all in a state of numbness, evidently inconsolable as we tried to contact and reach the most powerful people we knew to help with our problem. Just as Emily had feared, however, the entire city was swamped and overwhelmed with locating bodies and investigating the terrorist attack. With everyone in a state of alarm, there was little to nothing to be done except wait.

Regardless, there was a gigantic problem when it came to waiting. I was capable of exercising patience, yet when it came to Ava, I had zero tolerance for delays. It left me at my wit's end, unable to do much of anything. Even Charles, barking orders on his phone, did little to no good. Charlotte remained in hysterics and simply out of commission when it came to functioning. Though she wasn't weeping like she had been earlier, her silences and staring off into space were giving me worry.

Yes, I was starting to worry about Charlotte Watson. The world definitely had gone mad. Even though the woman wasn't throwing vile words in my direction, it didn't mean she didn't think of it, despite being in my home. I chose to look past that to the grief-stricken mother, and what I saw made me feel unexpectedly warmer toward her.

"Charlotte, is there something I can get for you to eat? You might need it if you plan to stay up late." I sat across from her, plucking a piece of china from the nearby settee then placed small sandwiches on it that she might like. Setting the plate in front of her, I went on to pour her a cup of tea before glancing towards Charles. "Does she take milk and sugar?"

He shook his head, pausing from his constant state of pacing around the room. "No milk, no sugar, but do use honey," he stated as if he was a robot before resuming his walkabout.

Pouring a teaspoon of honey, I stirred it slowly into the hot tea and then placed it next to the plate. "Please, we all need our energy if we must wait for news," I pleaded with my voice, and with my eyes, because when I had said the word news, I couldn't help shivering at what that entailed. It could be news about Ava's whereabouts. News about Ava in the hospital and injured. Lastly ...

No, there is nothing after that, I persisted as I tried to vanish the thought of death. The very word was chilling enough to consider; however, when it was used next to Ava, the very idea itself was distasteful. I wouldn't have any of it. Life wasn't that cruel to take her away in such a tragic method. Bad things didn't happen to women like her. I had to reassure myself of that, or I might end up in a heap of hysterics like Charlotte.

Staring at the tea and plate I had set for her, she didn't touch it until about ten minutes later as she whispered an almost inaudible "thank you." I merely nodded, noting that she and I were shifting to a different level of understanding. We were here because of her daughter, and in that, she somehow had mellowed out, treating me as if I was a human being for the first time.

Another hour passed, and I was about to walk out the door and search the streets myself when I heard a loud thud coming from the main foyer.

"Alistair?" I called out, knowing the butler and the cook were both just as frantic as we were. Ava had only lived here for less than a month, yet she somehow had managed to bond with them, and in turn, they were deeply fond of having her around the house.

I waited a beat or two for Alistair to respond, and when nothing came, I furiously walked towards the foyer, ready to demand what the bloody fuck was going on, only to find Ava-or the likeness of her-dirtied up with soiled clothes, face ashen, with eyes that were bleak, and a terrified look on her face.

"I c-couldn't get a c-cab ... so I had to w-walk," she stuttered as I stared at her, wondering if I was hallucinating. "My purse f-fell somewhere when every one was scre-e-eaming and running the other d-direction, and I fell hard onto the pavement"-she pauses-"and by then, my purse was n-nowhere in sight." Tears welled in her eyes before her lips quivered. "I'm s-sorry if you've been waiting for me ... but you must kn-know, I tried to get back as fast as I could."

There were no words to describe how relieved I was to see her. Without preamble, I rushed towards her side, holding her close, as if I had already lost her, and she had risen from the dead.

"I've been thinking the worst. You don't know how relieved I am that you're safe and alive." Tears burned behind my eye sockets, while the back of my throat felt like there was a massive lump stuck in it. I held onto her as if my life depended on it. Well, it did, really. She was my life now, and I had been this close to losing her.

I sent out a small prayer of gratitude to whoever had been watching her tonight-angels, gods, hell, add the fairies into the equation. I was forever in their debt, simply thankful my wife was back in my arms. Even in a bashed, ashen state, I was grateful she was alive.

She slightly trembled in my arms before I cupped her cheeks, searching her eyes. "I love you." The words left my lips before I even realized that they were being said aloud. She didn't say a thing, merely looked like she was about to start crying.

"Reiss?" Charles called out after me. "Is something the-my God! Ava!" he bellowed, shocked as I had been before he directed his wife. "She's alive, Charlotte. Our daughter is alive." There was immense relief in his voice, but most of all, there was a vulnerability that I had never known existed within him.

Charles, Charlotte, and I all bundled together, hugging Ava, who seemed confused and at a loss for words.

"You c-called Mum and Dad?" She gave me an accusing look before frowning at me. "You were that worried something might've h-happened to me?"

I wasn't sure if she was amazed that I could put our differences aside, or that I was capable of tolerating her mother's presence at all. She knew the depths of how much I royally despised her mother. There were times when breathing the same air as her would have been too much to bear. Subsequently, witnessing that I wouldn't hold back to extract help from her parents when need be must have been alarming.

Without saying the words, it was as if my eyes confirmed everything she was thinking-that, yes, I was willing to do anything and everything for her. Even giving someone a second chance, despite the fact that I had vowed to never reconsider.

Charles and Charlotte guided Ava towards the bedroom. Charlotte had taken charge, stating her daughter was in the state of shock and needed a warm bath to clean up, and soothe her aches and pains while the staff busied themselves to prepare something that might entice her to eat.

While everyone did their appointed tasks, I was calling the doctor, needing him to give Ava a thorough check-up. After she had described the scene, like it was a stampede of chaotic mess, she had told me she wasn't sure if someone had stepped onto her tiny, protruding stomach, causing alarm bells to start ringing in my ears.

It was as if we were all frantic to cater to Ava, and I was almost positive that, though she had hated her parents at one point, seeing how distressed they were had proven how devoted and how deeply they cared for her. Sometimes, people had a peculiar way of expressing their feelings when they weren't accustomed to showing them, much as had done in the very beginning. However, we all had learned from our mistakes.

Charlotte's personality had temporarily thawed from an ice queen to a caring mother, and I couldn't help wishing it would be a lasting effect. This had been a lesson for all of us that life was too short to take for granted, that if you love someone, you told them without hesitation because who knew when they would be taken away from you. Right after her bath, the doctor came, giving Ava a thorough examination. I didn't sigh my relief until he assured us all that she was fine and healthy, as was the baby. Once the doctor left, she was covered in layers of sheets, and even though she had just had a warm bath, she still looked far too pale and grave, as if she had witnessed something terrifying out there. I had no doubt that she did. Had I been with her, things would've been different. I would've been there to protect her, at least. However, regrets wouldn't do me any good. Instead, the only thing that I could do to make a difference from here on out was to love Ava with all of my being. And I intended to do just that.

The fretting parents insisted that they care for her; as a result, I was left no choice except to sit on the tip of the bed and watch her being fed by Charlotte while Charles held her hand the entire time. It was rather odd in a comical way, I supposed. It was a sight to see-that even the toughest shell out there could melt away due to fear.

When nighttime came and her mother insisted she stay by her side, even though I was dying to be next to my wife, I obliged her request. I was a selfish man, but Ava had gone through life resenting the woman who had given her life, and I couldn't deprive her of this opportunity, because she might never get another one. My needs could very well wait until she and I were alone.

Sending her a brave smile, I kissed her forehead before kissing her lips, holding on to her for as long as I could. "I love you, Ava."

"I know," she whispered in a small voice. "I've known all along ... but you didn't, so I had to be patient and wait for the right time for you to acknowledge it, as you did before.

"Our kind of love doesn't just disappear because of hate, or because you wished it away. Once we're linked, there's no way to unlink the chain of our fates. That's why I kept telling you I loved you even if your chosen rebuttal was to fight back and spew more lies. I knew, deep down, the journey would be worth it. You're worth the wait, Reiss."

She had known this whole time, while I was stuck in my own ball of misery and confusion? Bloody hell. It was rather sad and revealing all at the same time that she knew me better than I did myself.

"Woman, you and I need to have a very lengthy talk soon. And, yes, again and again-forever and a day, until death you and I part, until my last gasping breath-I'll never stop loving you."

Epilogue

Reiss

"Love is patient and kind. Love is not jealous, it does not brag, and it is not proud. Love is not rude, is not selfish, and does not get upset with others. Love does not count up wrongs that have been done. Love takes no pleasure in evil but rejoices over the truth. Love patiently accepts all things. It always trusts, always hopes, and always endures." - 1 Corinthians 13:4-7

Who would've thought that a girl and a boy could find lasting love at the age of sixteen and seventeen? Yet, it had happened to Ava and I.

When young, we were molded into thinking that life was what you made of it, that our younger years were merely a stepping stone to a bigger and brighter future ahead of us. Consequently, when we stumbled upon each other and ignited this consuming love, given our gullible age and our naivete, it was inevitable that we would make a disaster of it.

Young though we were, it didn't make our feelings any less intense, any less powerful, than people falling in love in their mid-twenties or more. Who was society to judge what real love was and what it wasn't? Some were lucky enough to experience love twice or three times in their lives. Some only had that chance once in their lifetime, and would thoroughly live that experience through a glorified way of remembering the love once found. However, for the folks that didn't toy with fire, most didn't ever find love at all.

I proudly boasted that, not only did I find my one true love at a very young age, I also was given a second chance to correct what had gone wrong. This kind of luck normally didn't happen. One would have a better luck in playing the lottery than trying to win this kind gamble.

Love.

One word, consisting of four letters. It looked simple and uncomplicated. It was rather plain English that didn't make anyone sound scholarly compared to saying the word meretricious or succedaneum. Although, that was where the simplicity ended.

It was a frightening process to put your faith and trust into one person, risking everything in them. It was a sacrifice that everyone needed to make before achieving the all-consuming dream that was worth more than life itself.

I was a lucky man indeed to have such a woman who had never given up on believing in me.

A week after that horrendous nightmare, Ava and I left to visit my parents. The culprit who stole millions just happened to be the CFO of the company, a man who I met during studying economics in my university days. He was a man I trusted but his profound greed made him betray one of the people who had helped him achieve the wealth he had acquired...but with his arrest and the courts on his bloody traitorous arse hounding every account they could trace, he was done for. I was negotiating so the company could take back all the money that was lost, or what was left of it, without him going to prison for a decade. I believed a year or two would suffice. He used to be a good man at one point. Maybe spending time behind bars would enlighten him a little. With all this chaos involving work, I took a short hiatus right after, needing to cater to my wife and simply enjoy her company since I still owed her a honeymoon. Much more so, a real wedding, consisting of our closest friends and family. I wanted an intimate ceremony, a different kind than the one she'd had with Ashton.

Therefore, on the third day of our trip, I took her somewhere special. We drove for about forty minutes before parking the car underneath a tree. We got out of and I blindfolded her. Then, we strolled for another ten minutes or so before reaching the intended destination where I took the cover from her eyes.

"Oh, my God, Reiss!" she shrieked as her eyes grew huge, delighted by my surprise. "I haven't been back here since you left. Though I thought about this place quite often, I never did have the courage to return."

The lake-our lake-where everything had begun between us. Where I had first set my eyes upon her and it had changed my life forever.

The place was surrounded by torches, aglow with fire, while rose-scented floating candles lit the lake that was trimmed with blue LED strip lighting.

This wouldn't have been possible had Charlotte not offered to help me. She had since mellowed down, and was trying to make amends by building a relationship with me. It wouldn't have been possible unless both parties were willing to move forward and, fortunately, such was the case.

Basking in Ava's glowing happiness, I knew there wasn't anywhere else on earth I'd rather be than right here, content as I watched her take in everything with her eyes.

Clearing my throat, my thumb caressed her hand before I got on one knee and gazed at my soul reflecting back at me in her eyes, showing me what the future held.

"Ava Watson Chambers, you and I had a very passionate start. Short as it may have been, it ended on a tragic note that painted our lives differently. After years of separation, you and I found each other once more, and I can't apologize enough for my horrific treatment of you in the beginning, but I will make up for it by making a solid foundation for our marriage, compromising when need be, and continuing to love you even if you're being a lovely pain in my arse. Lovely perhaps, though a pain, all the same." I beamed as she grinned, blushing profusely. "Marry me again, with our family and friends to witness our undying love and devotion, and I swear to you, on my honor, our honeymoon will be better than our living room floor."

"But I love that living room floor, and I wouldn't dare change a thing about it. But with that aside, I am privileged to marry you again. As long as I'm with you, the rest is simply non-essential."

She looked into my eyes as I slipped the ring atop the other one I had given her. It was the same setting, yet a different stone. A diamond. Charlotte had given me the advice that diamonds were essential to a woman's wardrobe. Therefore, with the expertise of a jeweler, I had found the perfect one for Ava.

Grinning from ear to ear, I sealed our bond with a kiss, believing everything she had just said. As long as we were together, the rest was non-essential.

Second chance at love. Second chance at marriage. Life certainly came with surprises.

