Chapter One

Climbing out of my cherry-red 1967 Shelby Cobra GT500, I locked the doors and ran my hand down the hood as I headed toward another day of work. She was beautiful: all soft black leather interior, a deep rumble under the hood when you'd start her up, and a purr when she idled: pure panty-melting power all wrapped up in one muscle car. In case it wasn't obvious, I was in love with my baby.

Throwing one last look over my shoulder, I stepped in through the back door of my store and relief settled through me. It was good to be here. It was my haven. My happy place. It was home. I owned a small tattoo parlor right in the middle of town. I'd received a small inheritance after my dad died just a year before I opened Needle's Kiss.

After tying up all the loose ends and paying funeral costs, I was left with enough in the bank that I only needed a small loan to set up the shop just the way I dreamed. I always wanted to do something with my hands; great things could be created with just a set of hands. That was my life's plan, to create masterpieces, maybe not the conventional type, but I most definitely did what I loved.

The smell of antiseptic wafted through the air as I walked through the shop flicking on the lights. Home. A large open space at the front of my shop acted as a waiting room, complete with two large black leather sofas separated with a chunky distressed wooden chest that acted as a coffee table. The walls were covered with an array of colorful posters, flip albums and photographs of previous work. Behind the front counter, there were four smaller three-wall cubby-type rooms, all stark white and clinically clean, but each slightly personalized for laying down ink and piercing. Every square inch was decked out with top of the line equipment. I was a firm believer in the old saying a man is only as good as the tools he works with, and we had the best of the best. There were also two more closed off rooms at the rear, one an office and the other a break room/chill out spot. All were evenly spaced, leaving a large walkway down the middle of the shop out the back door to our personal parking lot.

Now, Needle's Kiss wasn't even close to world famous, but it was mine. I worked hard to make it what it was. It gave me all those warm squishy feelings just looking around and knowing I belonged somewhere in the world.

The store was my life, my bread and butter, my father's legacy in a way. He too had a passion for body art and encouraged me every day to "step outside the box" and "do what makes you want to get out of bed every day. There's no sense in doing something that makes your life mundane". I knew he'd be proud of me.

The few years Needle's Kiss had been open resulted in a long list of regular, loyal clients that raved about our friendly atmosphere and attention to detail. Not to toot my own horn, but toot motherf**king toot, I'd even won a few awards for my work and boasted the title of the only female artist in town.

I also had two fantastic artists, Remy and Trip; both were great at what they did and we'd become close friends working together the last few years. Those guys were like the brothers I never had. I never had been one of those girly-girls, always preferring to hang out with the guys. I had only one female friend. I'd rather spend time working on my car, watching a game or downing a cold beer. I swore like a sailor and didn't give a shred of a shit if people didn't like it. It's who I am. I wasn't without my girl-like vices, but they were minimal.

What made all this even sweeter was the fact I was just twenty-six. There weren't a lot of women who could claim to be successful business owners at that age. And that right there was half of my dream. Three years ago, when I was equally excited and nervous as bat shit opening Needle's Kiss, I spent countless hours making sure everything was perfect and perfectly me. By the time I opened those doors to my first paying customers, the nerves had died down, and I was just downright proud of myself, and of the blood, sweat and ink that had gone into it.

Oh, there was plenty of all three before opening day. But with the help of my best friend and a few paintbrushes, we did most of the work ourselves.

I worked hard to get my loan paid off in record time, and knowing I owned my very own piece of paradise made my heart swell with pride and accomplishment.

The other half of my dream, the part that would have made it all complete, given me that awe inspiring sense of contentment; well, that was the part I'd given up on, or at least put off indefinitely.

Finding 'The One'.

It was simple really. I just wanted a man who looked at me like I was his world. But now, I was happy to find a guy who didn't think the sun shined outta his ass, wasn't cheating, an a**hole or a weird freak who walked around in my underwear and heels while I was out because it made him feel sexy.

Yes, it happened, and it really wasn't that funny at the time. That prick stole my favorite Jimmy Choo's.

Apparently, I had a stamp on my forehead that said 'fuck with me, screw me over, or flog my shit'.

I had my own style that didn't appeal to everybody, and I knew I hadn't fallen from the ugly tree-my best friend since the young age of five, Teeny, told me all the time that I was a knock out, but she had to talk me up, it was in the BFF rule book. It could be found right between "I shall not screw your man" and "during a bitch smack down, one must take each other's back, or distract the police long enough not to get caught."

I'd even had my share of male attention, so I knew I wasn't unpleasant to look at. I had just enough self-confidence not to make me conceited. I also knew how to make myself feel good. I have this unhealthy obsession with ludicrously expensive underwear, and equally expensive, but no less necessary, hot-as-all-hell shoes. A little saying I liked to live by: Keep your head, heels and standards high.

Not a thing in the world can make you feel as good as you do wearing fetish-inducing heels and lacy, silky flirtatious underwear-bank balance damaging, but worth every penny. Even if you were having a prick of a day, you'd still be walking around feeling sexy and confident. And those are essential!

I could, however, be a raging bitch. I told it like it was, and if people didn't like how I told it, they could shut their pie hole and ride it out, or get the f**k gone.

I turned the computer on to check on my appointments for the day appreciating the fact it was going to be a fairly slow morning, which meant I had time to work on my sketching. I was drawing up a piece for my ribs: a curling dragon breathing fire downward to the front of my lower abdominal muscles, stopping just at my panty line. It would be intricate and sexy when it was done, making an exciting addition to my other ink.

I heard the sound of heavy boots coming from the back door of the shop just as Trip rounded the corner wearing his signature look of black jeans with a chain running from his belt loops to his back pocket. A chunky black belt with a large silver buckle teamed with a white wife beater tank under an open black short-sleeved button down shirt that showed off his art and ripped body completed his look.

"Hey Scar, how's it lookin', babe?"

"Hey, Trip, slow goes it this morning. You've got Teeny comin' in to get her nipple done at ten, and then you're free till noon."

"Why's Teeny comin' to me? She's your girl. Shouldn't you be takin' care of her?" he asked, looking slightly annoyed.

I couldn't help the urge to tease him first thing. "Says you've got magic hands, honey. It's either that, or she just wants a hot hunk of a man playin' with her titties."

Trip choked on the coffee he'd been about to swallow and glared at me. "Told ya once, tellin' ya again, don't piss where ya sleep, babe."

I stifled a laugh, loving the fact I could get a rise out of him. I replied softly "Sweetheart, she's just checkin' you out; she's not going to throw herself on you while you're shoving a needle in her boob." I ruffled his feathers. "Besides, I've seen you checkin' her ass out more than once, so don't be sittin' there acting the choirboy you ain't ever been."

That was met with a smirk and him walking off with a cocky strut to set up his station for the day's clients.

No one could ever accuse Trip of being unsure of himself.

He was a ladies' man through and through. The same age as me, he was still sowing his wild oats with anything that had tits and a heartbeat. Women flocked to his flirty, bad boy ways and his good looks. His black hair was cut into a Mohawk which only made him look hotter. That and his eyebrow, lip and tongue piercings-these just the ones you could clearly see-plus his bright-blue eyes and slightly tanned olive skin, an array of colorful tattoos from waist to neck and down both arms, forming beautiful full sleeves made him a sexy specimen of a canvas. The women who crushed on him didn't care if they had him for an hour or a night, as long as they got a piece of his own personal brand of dirty.

It was known across the wider population of the female species that he was well equipped and never left his lovers with any complaints. Some would go so far as to say he'd reached legend status, but I'm not quite sure if he spread that rumor or not! He'd also never been seen with the same girl twice, but behind his man-whore ways, he was still a sweet funny guy, loyal to a fault and had a fierce love for his family and friends. Cross the man though, and you had more than a problem on your hands.

"She bringing donuts at least?" he asked with a grumble.

"When doesn't she?"

Trip always made a point of being clear not to sleep with someone close to him or his friends; however, I knew Teen had crushed on him for years. I just hoped he'd stay strong and steer clear. Those two together would only end with heartbreak, tantrums and tears, from which party I wasn't even sure.

"That two o'clock appointment won't show," he yelled out from somewhere behind me.

"When does he ever? I'm not taking bookings for him anymore. He's a damn tire kicker."

I hated liars and bullshit artists. You say you're gonna do something, just do it; that was one of my few pet hates, right up there with people who thought they were better than everyone else. Worse again were people who judged a book by its cover. Cliche, yes, but so f**king true!

Unfortunately, not many people could see me through my jet-black hair, which every other week (only a slight exaggeration) had different colored streaks through it, bright green eyes and five foot six stature, with a decent serving of ink and piercings, and not pass judgment. Besides the fact that I was mostly tits and ass, and I dressed to play up my assets sometimes to the extreme. Hey, you got it, flaunt it, baby.

My personal favorite judgments came from the woman who had called herself my mother.

They went a little like this: "You could have been such a pretty girl if only you hadn't put all that stuff on yourself." Oh and, "I would have grandchildren by now if you hadn't ruined yourself. Nobody wants' a mother or wife looking so lower class, darling."

Yeah, a stellar mother I had, and I used that name very loosely. We didn't see eye-to-eye, and frankly, I never understood how my father had been married to her for ten years. They'd split up when I was thirteen, mostly because she had been cheating on him for years.

My dad had kept me, and my lying, cheating mother moved right on in with said "on the side boyfriend" who was some kind of CEO and had been well equipped to keep her in diamonds and designer gowns, a lifestyle she'd preferred over being a wife and mother.

I looked up at the sound of the bell jingling above the door.

"How's my best ho?" This was Teeny's usual greeting; there was never a lack of smartass love.

"Hey, Hooker, I missed your face. Trip's in the back waitin' on his donuts, babe. Just go on through and he'll get you all prepped up."

Teeny walked over to give me a one-armed hug and a big fat ol' kiss and hurried on back to Trip's station. "Can't keep a sexy beast like that waiting." She threw over her shoulder as she went. As usual, she was decked out looking like a million bucks, mostly for Trip's benefit no doubt. She looked good-she always looked fantastic with her pretty blonde hair that's as straight as a board, blue-grey eyes, and smoky make-up that gave her a sultry look. She might appear meek and quiet with her five-foot-three frame, but that girl was a firecracker. You would never guess from the way we talk to each other just what she meant to me. Teeny had always been there-at my worst, at my best. She was always in the wings, silently watching my back. She knew I could take care of myself.

One of the many things I'd learned about Teeny growing up was she loved her sleep. Since the age of seven, when we had our first sleep over, it was obvious then. She was grumpy as all get out in the morning. This had only slightly improved over the years, significantly since she could drink a shit-ton of coffee. Another fact about Teeny that I discovered at age twelve, was you didn't mess with Teeny, her family or her friends. If you did, you'd get one hell of a serving; that girl had a temper worse than a rabid pit bull. At age seventeen, a house full of high school party goers and I watched her throw one hell of a right hook that knocked her cheating piece-of-crap boyfriend right on his ass. He was nak*d and caught red-handed, leaving him with a broken nose and two black eyes. Adding to his humiliation, he had to explain the rest of the school year how he was bested by tiny, little chick fists.

Not twenty minutes later, Teeny came wandering out to the front desk blushing, closely followed by Trip wearing a smirk, mumbling about aftercare instruction sheets.

"You need me to explain how to take care of it, Teen?" I questioned as I handed her the detailed instructions on cleaning and caring for a piercing.

"No, I...I think I got it... I mean Trip covered it, ah I mean explained it... I'm good, fine, perfect. I'll catch you for coffee tomorrow morning. Bye, see ya, later," she babbled with her head down, trying to hide bright, pink flushed cheeks. She slid some cash into my hand for her piercing and dashed out the door so fast, you would have thought the building was on fire. Strange, it was hard to embarrass Teen.

I spun around and nailed Trip with a glare, asking "What the f**k did you do?"

He smirked and sauntered away, totally ignoring me. I jumped up to follow him, intending to give him an earful, and get some answers, then making a mental note to call Teeny later and kick a round of twenty questions off. Just then the front doorbell sounded, letting us know a customer had arrived, halting my progress. I knew we didn't have any appointments for a while, so it'd have to be a walk-in, no doubt someone coming to get some unimaginative flash piece from the wall charts.

I'd spun around. As I did, my mouth dropped open, closely followed by what I'm sure was drool and possibly my tongue hanging out. My heart rate kicked up a notch and my skin flushed.

Holy hot damn!

Standing in front of me was an older playgirl worthy, hotness-personified version of Trip. He was just slightly taller at what a guess would be around six foot three, meaning even on my four-inch heels, I was craning my neck to look up at him. His broad, muscular frame, that looked as solid and toned as a brick wall, filled the room. Beautiful aqua-blue eyes, in stark contrast to his slightly olive skin, gave a hint at what had to be a Hispanic background. My hands twitched at the thought of rubbing my hands over his jet-black hair that was neatly buzzed close to his head. Dear Lord and the angels above, he looked around about two-hundred-and-twenty pounds of panty wetting, drool-worthy, drop-to-your-knees and thank all that is holy muscled man. I blinked and gave my head a quick shake to pick my thoughts up out of the gutter, cleared my throat, and watched as he dropped a tan-colored duffle bag to the floor by his feet.

I took a calming breath before I spoke. "Hi, welcome to Needle's Kiss. Can I help you with anything?"

A deep rumbling voice that shot straight to my n**ples and spread goose bumps along my entire body answered "Lookin' for Trip."

With hottie's eyes glued to me, I quickly told him to take a seat while I went and got Trip. He ignored my invitation and continued studiously eyeing me in a way that made me want to jump on him and lick him head to toe.

"Trip!" I called as I walked into the break room on wobbly legs. Wow, I really needed to get laid if I was this affected by one guy, strike that one sexy as f**k guy. "There is one hell of a hot dude that looks kinda like you in the front waiting room."

Trip's eyebrows shot up, and he threw the titty magazine he had been reading onto the folding card table that sat in the middle of the room. He moved swiftly to the front of the shop, his boots thumping on the linoleum with each step.

"WHAT THE FUCK!" I heard Trip yell excitedly, before I caught sight of the two god-like guys moving in for a manly handshake and shoulder-slap type hug. A smile with both dimples played out on Trip's face.

"Just got in, first stop, little brother, and ink." Sex God greeted him.

"It's damn good to see you back." Trip's head came up, and he pointed to me. "Scar here is the best artist in the state, for the last three years. She'll do a fuck-of-a-job, what ya want?"

"Back of the shoulder," Sex God all but grunted, producing a piece of sketch paper that Trip studied for a moment. He then looked back to his older brother with a pained expression on his face, to which he received a slight head nod and another grunt. Trip walked over to where I was leaning on the front counter, made from a cool piece of black granite and stainless steel edging, handed me the paper and introduced us. "Scarlett, this is my big brother, Mace. My appointment just walked in. You think you can fit him in?"

That's why he looked familiar; I'd seen photos of him, but they didn't do him not one bit of damn justice.

"Sure, come on back to my station. I'll get this one drawn up and be right with you." I led him back to my room, turning to my workstation as he took a seat on the bright-red padded state-of-the-art electric tattoo chair in the middle of the room. Pinned to two of the surrounding walls were sketches and ideas, all looking for the right canvas.

As I was redrawing the image onto special transfer paper, I noted it was a pretty self-explanatory piece. A rifle standing vertically, an army helmet hanging on the top of a pair of boots in front at the base, with the script below reading-'All gave some, some gave all'. I cleared the somber thoughts of what his new ink represented, turned and walked back to my station to get started, conscious all the while of his large body taking up every inch of space in the chair, seeming to suck all the air from the room.

"Right or left shoulder?"

"Left, right's taken," he advised.

"Okay, shirt off. I'll get this stencil on, and you can have a look, yeah?"

Mace lifted one arm up and pulled his grey cotton shirt over his head, exposing strong, thick arms, and a ripped-to-hell chest. My eyes scanned down, damn! He didn't just have a six pack, he had an eight pack, and those delicious V muscles that you just wanted to lick. I briefly noticed, before he'd turned his large, solid and nicely muscled back to me facing the large mirror on the only wall without sketches in front of him, that he had more tattoos scattered all over his upper body, along with a nipple ring Thoughts of running my tongue along the outlines of those tattoos invaded my head, making the temperature in the little room jump a few notches and my breathing pick up.

Come on, Scarlett, get a grip and stop drooling; he's just a man for crying out loud. A hot man admittedly, but just a man, my brain whisper hissed at me.

I plonked myself down onto my rolling stool, pulled on a pair of black latex gloves, and wiped Mace's left shoulder with alcohol to clean it. Placing the stencil right where I wanted it, I tried not to let my hand linger longer than was professional. I held up the hand mirror slightly to the side, so he could see in the larger one and asked, "That where you want it?"

Mace's breath caught as I spoke near his ear. He nodded his head and grunted, giving me the go ahead. I briefly noted his eyes trained on my cl**vage in the mirror.

Wait, was he checking me out? Only one way to find out.

I leaned forward a little letting the girls pop out a bit, his eyes instantly honed in confirming my suspicions.

I can work with that.

Clicking on the gun and taking the needle to the ink pot, and then to the sinewy muscle of his skin, I took a deep, calming breath, concentrated and put myself in the zone.

My God, Mace was all man, the kind of man every warm-blooded woman would love to take home for the night, tie to her bed and let loose on. Sitting this close to him, my mind conjured up a long list of things I could do, just with my mouth. I was single and had been for a fair while. If the mere presence of him could have me this turned on, I would praise the Lord above for a ticket to that ride.

"You're in the Army then?" I'd asked quietly. If I was to say I was trying to make conversation for any other reason than to hear his voice, I'd be full of shit.

"Just got out." I was rewarded with his deep rumbling voice that had my panties instantly damp.

"Are you planning on hanging around town for a while now?"

"Mmm," he grunted out.

Hmm, not really a definitive answer there. Clearly, Mace wasn't a big talker.

I knew Mace had two younger sisters, Milla who was twenty-four and Haven, the baby of the family, was twenty-two, both beautiful girls-good genes ran in the family obviously. Although currently both were a handful, definitely living life to the fullest.

Their dad had died about ten years earlier from cancer leaving their mother, Marcy, working two jobs to take care of four kids. Hector was the definition of her other half, her soul mate. They had what most people spent a lifetime trying to find. She'd never remarried, hadn't even gone on so much as one date, was happy to just raise her kids the best she could, but there was an air of sadness at times; you would see her eyes go vacant, and a soft look would fall upon her face. She missed him often.

She'd be pleased Mace was home, no matter the length of time.

He made a sound in the back of his throat that put my body on instant alert, and my mind dropped straight back to the gutter. I wanted-no, needed a night of unadulterated fun, and who better to have fun with than a sexy beast like Mace? It'd been far too long since anybody had affected me the way he did. Besides, who in their right mind wouldn't make a play for a guy like that? The room basically crackled with the power in his body and the sexual tension in the room. I really didn't care if I got to keep him for a night, a week or a month; the wetness in my panties attested to the fact. I was down for any kind of fun he wanted to have.

Finishing off his ink, I put my tattoo gun down on the small metal table and wiped the excess ink away with paper towel. I held the mirror in place and softly spoke by his ear. "All done, how's that look?"

Mace's head snapped up. His eyes, hooded and slightly darker, met mine in the black iron-gilded mirror, making my insides heat as my breathing picked up to match his. Nothing was said for a few beats before his eyes lowered to take in the new artwork that had looked slightly red around the edges, fresh, angry and downright beautiful.

He'd nodded once with a grunt, and moved to stand as I rolled backward on my chair. I stood, trying to ignore the tingling feeling running over my body and the butterflies going crazy in my belly. While he grabbed his shirt, standing only in a pair of perfectly fitting faded jeans, heavy army boots, and a thick black belt with chunky silver buckle, I found it impossible to pull my gaze away.

I reached up to smear on some tattoo cream and put a clean dressing over the newly marked skin of his broad back, with slightly shaking fingers. As I did, he sucked in a sharp breath.

"Sorry, did I hurt you?" I all but whispered.

A slight shake of his head in the negative was the only reaction I received as he pulled his shirt back on. Which in my opinion was a shame, even though his well-worn grey shirt accentuated his large chest and made for a spectacular view.

"You done?" Trip asked from someplace behind my station, scaring the shit out of me.

"Mmm-hmm, yeah. You okay to do aftercare?" I asked looking to Trip. I needed some space before I embarrassed myself by doing something as stupid as reaching up and biting the tribal scorpion on his neck.

"Sure, I'm gonna grab a bite with Mace, you want anything?"

Shaking myself out of a lust induced stupor, I answered, "Yeah, whatever you grab me will be fine, thanks. Take your time. Remy'll be in soon; I can handle anything that comes in before then." I started cleaning my station down, studiously ignoring the two buff men staring down at my no doubt very flushed face.

"Later, babe." I could hear the amusement in Trip's voice.

"Later," I murmured

"Thanks, Scarlett," Mace said, his voice making my n**ples peak and my body give a slight shiver. My mind instantly wondered what he'd sound like that just before he came.

"Sure," I almost whimpered, before clearing my throat to continue, "Erm, no worries. Make sure Trip grabs you some cream on your way out. Was nice to meet you, Mace."

I finished wiping down my table, re-wrapping everything with plastic and went into the kitchenette at the far back of the shop, grabbing a bottle of water. I threw myself on the black leather sofa against the far wall, trying to shake off the effect from my first encounter with Mace Torres, and hoping-against my better judgment-that it wouldn't be the last.

Chapter Two

I made it across the road and inside the coffee shop before Trip started with the questions. He might have been the fun joker of the family, but he had the uncanny ability to read between the lines, and pay far too much attention to what was going on around him.

"So how long you back for? What's the plan?"

"For good now. I got out. Gonna find a place round here, settle it down."

"You're out? Like done? Finished? Does Ma know?" Trip rambled.

"Nah, haven't spoken to her yet. First stop, little brother, told you this," I laughed, his excited ramblings were something I always gave him shit about.

"Right, well, I've got an extra room you want it? It's all set up. I just gotta make up the bed and shit."

I figured this would be a good solution. I really didn't want to be staying at Ma's while I was searching for a place, and I wasn't used to living in the quiet seeing as I'd just spent a good chunk of time with a bunch of rowdy men, so having my baby brother as a house mate would be damn near perfect. "That'd be good. I gotta go buy a new truck and sort a few things out first."

"Take my bike, the car dealerships just down the road. Leave it there and I'll pick it up when I'm done with work."

I nodded my head in thanks and asked, "You still ridin' that hunk of metal?

"Watch it! That hunk of metal's my girl. Only chick I'll ride twice, so be nice to her." He gave me a cocky smile. Clearly, he still hadn't settled down any. Trip never was a commitment kind of guy. He was looking for conquests not contentment.

Halfway through lunch, Trip asked quietly, "What's that shit with Scar just now? Saw the way you were looking at her, man, and I gotta tell you, she's not the one-night-stand kinda girl."

My eyes snapped up to meet Trip's. I cleared my throat wishing he wasn't so damn clever. "Nothin', she's hot. Haven't laid eyes on a woman lookin' like that in over two very long years, brother." I attempted to keep my face neutral, and ignored my increased heartbeat at the thought of a night with Scar.

"Just keep what I said in mind. Unless you're ready to move on and make something of it, stay outta her pretty little panties, yeah?" Trip warned. I felt my eyebrows come down into a furrow. How the f**k did he know her panties were pretty? Either my face gave me away or he read my mind. "Settle down. I've never been there; she's just a good friend." I relaxed knowing that he'd stayed clear.

"Might just be ready to do that, Trip. It's been near on three years. I gotta sort my shit sooner or later, and she might be a girl worth sorting shit out for."

"She is," Trip mumbled, nodding his head in thought. "Well, I gotta get back."

My hand came up instantly, and caught the keys Trip threw my way. "Later," Trip threw over his shoulder as he made his way out the cafe door with a nod.

"Later," I mumbled, already thinking back to the moment I stepped in Needle's Kiss's front doors. I knew my little brother worked for a woman; we'd kept in contact through regular letters over the last two years, but I had no idea the woman in question would be such a knock out.

I had taken a quick glance around my surroundings as I entered the shop, my gaze halting right on the stunning, hotter-than-Hades vixen standing by the counter. I did a good sweep of her top to gorgeous toe; all thought had left my head, along with half the blood, and travelled directly south. I noticed first the bright-red "fuck me" heels that encased her tiny feet. My gaze travelled up the purposely torn and well-worn jeans. All I could imagine were those glorious legs wrapped around my waist, and the spikes on those heels digging into my ass, making my comfortable jeans become slightly less comfortable. I dragged my eyes up and was met with the image of her well-endowed chest, pressed tight and slightly pushed up and out in the blood-red corset, with black glittered skulls, setting off her clear green eyes and black hair with red streaks through it.

When she'd spoken in what could only be described as a husky-bedroom voice, all I could think to do was grunt a few words about my shit of a little brother. I'd gotten myself together, only to have had to endure watching her bent over at the workstation drawing up my ink, treating me to a view of her perfectly rounded ass that was guaranteed to bring even the strongest of men to their knees. That, followed by about an hour of her delicate hands on my body, caused lust-fuelled thoughts that had strung me so tight, I had been sure I'd stepped back to being a hormonal sixteen-year-old boy again, rather than the twenty-eight-year-old man I was. Damn, I wanted a piece of that.

I knew the moment her eyes met mine in the mirror, I wasn't alone in my dirty thoughts when her voice had turned breathless. I couldn't help but think if this was how she would sound when she was about to come.

When her bare fingers ran softly across my taut shoulder, I would have liked nothing more than to have her pinned beneath me, her nails scrapping down my back. The last few years had been a series of hard lessons learned; I was nearing thirty years old. Just three years earlier, I'd had darn near everything a man could have wanted. Unfortunately, I had soon realized, good and well, that nothing was ever guaranteed, everything you held close could be taken in one soul-crushing swoop, leaving you destroyed and feeling hopeless.

I had never thought I would run smack dab into exactly the thing that had the potential to sooth my sorrow-filled heart, all wrapped up in a sexy, tattooed killer body.

After leaving Trip, I made a few stops to let friends and Ma know I was home before heading over and picking out a new truck.

Ma made a few calls to my sisters, and organized a family welcome-home dinner at Trip's place that night. Even with all that was going on, there was one thing at the forefront of my mind. I needed to figure out exactly how to get one fine-ass woman, named Scarlett, into my bed, pronto. It shouldn't be too hard right?

Later that afternoon, I pulled up to Trip's house in my new, sleek gun-metal grey Chevy pickup. Jumping down, I noticed a stunning pair of legs under the hood of a sweet ride across the road; I recognized the car. I'd seen it in the parking lot of the shop when I picked up my brother's Harley. I watched as those sexy long legs slipped out, joined by the rest of a seriously stacked female body which belonged to none other than the potential star of all my future dirty dreams. Fuck me. By the looks of it, I'd be living directly across the road from her; I shot a silent prayer of thanks to the big man upstairs.

As I approached, Scarlett pulled herself out from under the Cobra, clad in a pair of army boots that made her look adorable, tiny denim cut off shorts-that barely covered her perfect ass-her fantastic tits were strained against the thin cotton material of a well-worn grey tank-fuck me she wasn't wearing a bra. Her hair was piled in a messy bun on her head; the red from her hair was now gone, replaced with bright blue streaks. Her pretty face was completely void of makeup.

Shit, I was hard just looking at her.

She'd spotted me, a gorgeous smile forming on her face, causing my groin to throb even more; fuck, she was beautiful. I walked up her drive and noticed Daughtry was playing from somewhere in her open garage. My respect for her just jumped another notch.

Scarlett tilted her head up to look at me while she wiped her greasy hands on a rag. Leaning her backside against the hood of the car, she reached back, picked up her bottle of beer, and took a long pull as a droplet of sweat ran down her cl**vage. My gaze immediately dropped to her neck as I watched the movement of her throat while she swallowed; the cool amber liquid sending my thoughts careening towards what else I would love to see her swallowing with that perfect mouth.

I snapped myself back to reality, and leaned in close to her as she shut her eyes, her breathing instantly picking up. She squirmed as I reached a hand out and wiped her cheek. She looked up at me confused. My eyes crinkled as I felt my lips form into a small grin. "You got grease on your pretty face."

Scarlett took a small step back on wobbly legs. I nodded toward her boots and observed, "Got a pair just like those. Never seen 'em lookin' like that though."

"Like what?"

Sauntering away from her, I smirked. "Sexy as fuck."

Chapter Three

What a jackass! I thought to myself as I watched Mace walk himself across the road to Trip's. I was left standing on shaky legs, my n**ples strained against the thin cotton of my tank while I stared after him like some lust-sick fool. How dare he touch me and make a comment like that only to walk away like it didn't affect his ass in the least! Annoyed at his cocky attitude, I decided two could play at the game he started. If he wanted me quivering at his feet, then he'd be in for one hell of a wakeup call.

Scarlett Garcia fell at the feet of no gloriously delicious man!

I turned and stomped toward my house in my "sexy as fuck" boots. I needed a nice hot shower. While I was in there, my mind was forming a plan to make him wish he'd never crossed me. Payback was going to be so sweet and it would be served with an extra side of sexy. One last eye sweep of the floor length mirror, and I'd declared myself ready to turn heads, one head in particular.

Figuring I needed something sexy as sin to get his attention but not trashy, I'd worn my favorite blood-red Mary Jane peep toe pumps so my black toenails with tiny cherries could be seen. a simple skintight sleek, black pencil skirt that accentuated my h*ps and ass, ending just above my knees, teamed with a silk red blouse which draped in front, giving a tiny hint of cl**vage, tied with a string across my shoulder blades and another across my lower back. It barely covered my sides, leaving the rest of my back completely bare showcasing my favorite tattoo.

Happy with my image, I slowly slipped on a pair of red see-through, barely-there panties. My finishing touch that always helped to make me feel as sexy as hell. With a smile on my face, I strutted out the front door, confident with the knowledge Mace had no idea Trip had invited me to his welcome home party.

I had known Mace's family, with the exception of Mace himself, for almost three years. I'd become fast friends with Trip after a blind date gone wrong. His mother, Marcy, was so sweet and caring; I adored her. Marcy was the mother I wished I'd had growing up rather than the stone-cold selfish woman I was given. She was everything I imagined a real mother would be, open and kind, always with a loving word to say; chastised her children when they needed it, even though they were grown, but always did it with humor and a warmth that left no doubt she loved them regardless. She was a short-framed round woman with greying hair and a soft smile. Since I'd know the family, I had been taken in as a sort of surrogate child, so when I stepped out of line, Marcy had no qualms telling me off like I was one of her own. She even insisted I call her Mom. I had been told every friend of the kids growing up had been coerced to do the same.

Trip answered the door. He looked me up and down with a knowing smirk and a head shake. Leaning forward for a one-armed hug, he quietly asked, "Scar, are you trying to kill him from loss of blood to the brain?"

"Now why would you think that?" I smiled and batted my eyelashes. Trip never missed a beat; he knew exactly what I was up to.

"God help the f**king lot of us," he mumbled, chuckling as he walked off.

I made my way through the house and was met with the usual boisterous noise that came from the Torres family being in one house together; I stopped to kiss Milla on the cheek quickly, before being engulfed in a big soft hug from Marcy. Pulling back, I heard the rumble of a voice from somewhere behind me. "Scarlett? I didn't expect you to be here."

His voice instantly sent a shiver running through me. I briefly wondered how a man's voice could be so sinfully sexy, and sound so damn erotic.

I turned, looked up and was met with Mace's beautiful blue eyes flashing with mild surprise, followed by desire as he did a slow, blatant body scan. He was dressed much like he had been earlier in the day, except the jeans he wore now were well-worn and fitted to his h*ps and legs like they were custom made. His t-shirt had been swapped for a black long-sleeved button-down, rolled up to the middle of his thick, sinewy forearms.

I smirked, "Mace, how's your tattoo feeling?"

To my surprise, he graced me with a thousand-watt, panty-dropping smile, the first I had seen from him, making me swoon slightly before I corrected myself.

Traitorous body!

Needing a few moments, I turned back and asked, "What do you want me to do in the kitchen, Mom?"

Marcy looked from Mace and back to me again, eyes twinkling slightly with a mischievous look before she spoke. "Dip, sweetheart. You make it better than anyone else." She patted me on the backside as I walked past, calling out to Mace who was still watching me. "Mace, get some drinks will you, honey?"

On the way to the kitchen, I had to squeeze past Mace's bulky frame which was partially blocking the doorway. As I did, my ass gently brushed his jean-covered crotch, sending a tingle down my spine and butterflies fluttering in my belly. I'd briefly noted his intake of breath as I approached the long marble countertop which was covered in an array of dishes.

A little too pleased with myself, I was wiping down the counter top when Haven arrived. I could hear her loudly greeting the family, laughing.

Conversation was loud as I helped with the food and drinks. Seeing the perfect opportunity to mess with him, I leaned over Mace to put a big dish of potatoes on the large dining-room table when he knocked his water glass. With unbelievably quick reflexes, he righted it before it spilled. I put a hand to his enormous shoulder, leaned in close and whispered, "Careful, Mace, you don't wanna be getting me all wet now do you?" The brazen vixen in me whooped at the opportunity to talk dirty. Score 1 to me!

A strained groan came from his throat as he picked up his beer and downed the rest of it in one long gulp. "Playin' with fire there, babe," he ground out under his breath.

"Oh, but I like when it's hot, Mace," I virtually purred, biting down on my lip to stop from laughing at his reaction.

Somehow, I found myself seated next to Mace when it was time to eat, which worked perfectly considering I still had work to do. Everybody loaded up their plates with the ridiculous amount of food that could've fed an army, and dug in. The table was filled with Trip's family all eating and chatting animatedly.

I noticed the appreciative spark in Mace's eyes when I leaned forward to pick up my drink, revealing the slight swell of my breast from the side of my blouse. He paused and leaned in slightly closer, whispering in a strained voice, "Not sure what's better, that shirt or those boots you had on earlier."

I looked at him through my peripheral vision and took a slow drink, licking my lips with exaggeration. His eyes grew darker and hooded with desire. I decided it was time to up the ante. Just as he took in a mouthful of his own drink, I reached under the table and ran my manicured red-tipped fingers up the inside of his leg. A whisper soft touch starting from above his knee, up further and further, only stopping millimeters from his jean-clad cock. He went rigid with surprise. A little too surprised. He choked on his beer, coughing and sputtering, causing all four heads to pop up and stare at the intentional scene I'd caused.

Trying to hide my victory grin, Trip looked over at me with a knowing smile, tipping the corners of his lips briefly, only to look down at his food quickly.

Milla immediately asked, "You okay, Mace?"

I gave him a small pat on the back telling him as sincerely as I could muster, "You should probably be more careful there." It earned me a delicious scowl that made his face look sexy, regardless of the incredulous expression he shot my way. I quickly changed the subject and struck up a conversation with Haven, though I didn't miss the smile he tried hiding behind his fork full of food.

After dinner was over, I was standing in the kitchen, bent over, stacking the dishwasher when I felt a hard heat at my back. Straightening slightly, a large hand wrapped around my hip causing my heart rate to increase and my n**ples to instantly pebble. Mace's head tipped to the side, lips hovering over my neck. My breathing hitched, praying for his sensual lips to touch my neck

"What are you doing?" I asked in a choked voice, unable to believe the instant effect he had on my body.

"Babe, if you don't quit it, you're going to find yourself bent over this counter with that sexy-ass skirt around your waist, and I won't give a shit who f**king walks in." His breath blew on my sensitive skin sending a pool of wetness into my pretty panties.

I turned my face a fraction toward his and lied breathlessly, "Don't know what you're talking about."

He moved into me. His front plastered to my back. Placing his hand on the counter beside me and tightening his grip on my hip-effectively pinning me to the spot, he ground his impressive hard-on against my rear. "Oh, I think you know exactly what you're doing. You win this round, Princess. Feel what you've done to me."

Breathing heavily, I sunk into him. Just as I was about to grind my ass into him some more, he turned and walked back toward the rest of the party.

Well, shit!

I was pretty pleased knowing he was struggling with his self-control, mostly because he sure as hell wasn't the only one on the edge.

A soft whimper escaped my lips as I gripped the cool edge of the marble counter and considered how damn good he was at this game. In three seconds flat, he'd made me want to throw him to the ground and do all sorts of nasty wicked things to his body, starting at that luscious but dirty f**king mouth of his.

I righted myself, sucked in a few deep breaths, steadied my jelly-like legs and made my way back into the living room to say goodnight.

I made it to my front door when I heard something behind me. Turning at the noise, I saw Mace step up in front of me. A million erotic thoughts passed through my equally dirty brain. I bit my lower lip slightly at the mental image of pushing him into my living room, dropping to my knees and spending a considerable amount of time and effort in finding out if he was as well-endowed as he felt to be. The idea of his thick-

Damn, girl. Get a hold of yourself!

I needed to shake those thoughts off and get my shit together; I'd only planned on messing with him a little, maybe just one night of fun; it had been far too long since I'd had a little fun. The butterflies, goose bumps and other nonsense were what concerned me. Men like Mace would only leave you heartbroken. This I knew from experience.

"Mace, what can I do for you?" I asked as I had looked up at his unusual blue eyes. I held my breath waiting for his answer.

Chapter Four

Scarlett stood there trying to play it cool, but I knew better. I could see how affected she was. Besides the fact, her n**ples were making it pretty damn clear she was aroused; her eyes were reflecting exactly how I felt, which pleased me to no end.

She'd tortured me for two long Goddamn hours, from the second she walked in the door looking so sexy the devil himself would beg on his knees just for a taste of her. Her red silk shirt that only covered her front and sent glimpses of her perfect creamy breast every time she shifted a certain way, f**k me, it was a torture device. The constant crossing and uncrossing of those smooth killer legs were killing me-that was all before the vixen reached under the table, bringing back the hard-on from hell I had worked hard all night to tame.

When Scarlett unlocked and opened her front door, I put a hand to her bare back just at the bottom of her stunning tattoo. It was the first thing I'd noticed when I walked in the room after hearing her voice, black and grey ruffled wings, with guns crossed through the middle that spanned the entire length from her shoulders down to the dimples just above her sweet ass. I guided her forward and stepped inside. In one quick motion, I had her hot little body pinned against the back of the door with my hips, my hands holding her slightly off the ground by her sweet, soft ass. I pulled her body up as close as I could get to her.

"What the hell?" Her voice was filled shock. I'd completely taken her off guard.

Shit yeah, score me!

"You didn't think you could get away from me that easily, did you?" I spoke close to her ear, feeling her body involuntarily shudder. I felt her pert n**ples brush through the fabric of both our shirts, causing my h*ps to buck against her groin at their own command.

She moaned as my c*ck ground against her. "What are you doing?" Her words were forced, her voice shaky. I relished the sound of her breathy voice.

"What does it look like, Scarlett? Feel like?"

I had never been so turned on in my life. I could barely keep myself from ripping her clothes off and burying myself as deep as possible inside of her. I ducked my head, the smell of cherry adding to the sensory overload. My lips connected and tasted her smooth neck, something I had been dying to do since I saw her that afternoon. She shuddered, and a small moan tore from her throat, making my already hard c*ck throb. Her breathing was already choppy, her hands gripping my shoulders, nails digging in.

"Nice play at dinner, Scarlett. You like teasing me, don't you?" I spoke in her ear and ground my hard-on against her sweet spot again; she was so turned on I could feel the heat through my jeans. I kept talking, my voice getting huskier the more aroused I became "Getting my c*ck hard as steel when I can't do a Goddamn thing about it." I nipped her ear lightly, and she moaned again, as my one hand palmed her ass supporting her weight, and the other hand went to the side of her shirt.

A sob rose up from her as I ran my index finger along the side of her amazing tit where she had a trail of tiny black tribal butterflies inked; goose bumps broke across her flushed skin. Not being able to resist, I ground against her again, both of us panting. I pulled the side of her shirt across revealing one hard rosy nipple. "Like that, don't you, baby?" I leaned down, tracing the line of ink, moving slowly until I pulled her nipple into my mouth. She arched her body further into mine, causing me to groan at the taste of her sweet soft skin.

Her hand dropped down and gripped my bicep. Her nails almost broke the skin where she held on tight, causing my muscles to contract. Fuck! That felt good. I could imagine how her nails would feel, clutching my ass, leaving half-moons in my skin.

"You need to know I always get what I want, Scarlett." I pulled my head up, staring into her eyes and whispered, "And I want my c*ck wrapped in your sweet p**sy. I want to pound you hard until you can't move a muscle. I want to taste you on my tongue."

"Yes," she whimpered on a hitched breath. "Please, God, please, Mace."

As much as I wanted to give her exactly what we both wanted, I had known Scarlett a total of twelve hours, and something deep in my gut told me not to f**k this up by one night standing her. God knew one night with Scarlett would never be enough.

I slowly slid her down my body, moved her to the wall beside the door, opened it and threw over my shoulder as I sauntered off, "Dinner, tomorrow night, pick you up at six, babe." I walked back across the road, quickly trying to adjust my aching dick. I hoped I could hold onto my resolve and not turn around, storm back into her house, and take her against the wall.

Shit, I needed a cold shower pronto.

Chapter Five

"Fuck me," I whispered as I slid down the wall in a heap.

My heart was racing, and I was so damn horny that I thought I may just spontaneously combust. I clutched at my heaving chest and flushed a deep pink, thinking about Mace and his searing kiss.

Well, that didn't quite go as I had hoped. I smiled and realized it had gone a hundred times better than expected. I might be the one sitting on the floor mentally calculating the number of steps to my bedside table where my rabbit vibrator lived, but I could almost guarantee that Mace wasn't going to sleep as soon as he got home.

My efforts weren't wasted. I got to him. I'd gotten to him more than enough. At least enough that he'd ordered me on date. It was clear this wasn't a request. He did not ask-he ordered. And it was hot as hell. I leaned my head against the wall and took a deep breath.

How was I ever going to be around him without burning up?

I was going to have to wing it on the date. Give as hard as I got. And I was looking forward to it.

Oh, this was going to be a freaking blast.

Some might find it strange being told they were going out rather than being asked. But it turned me on so much that my panties were soaked! There was something about a man who was confident enough in himself to assume the only answer would be yes. It really was more of a demand. Biting my lip through my smile, I sighed. Not that he'd given me the option, but if he'd asked properly, the answer would've been a big 'hell, yes'.

I stood, breathed deeply and steadied myself enough to climb the steps. My sensitive n**ples peaked and brushed against my blouse with every movement I made.

Oh, yeah. I was definitely going to need that rabbit tonight.

I rolled over in bed and blindly reached for my cell that was vibrating on the nightstand. It was a text from Teen.

You missed lunch, still alive?

I squinted through heavy eyes to peek a look at the time glowing bright red on the alarm clock and realized I'd slept in late. I'd missed our weekly date. Shit. I quickly tapped at the screen replying to her.

Alive, slept in. call you later xoxo.

I never freaking slept in! Even on weekends.

I instantly froze when I realized the situation I was in. It was the morning after date night and it seemed I was spooning, yes, spooning someone. A hard warm body against my back. A very hard warm Mace. A strong, muscled arm wrapped possessively around my hip, pinning me back into a straining erection. Warmth spread through my belly. Immediately, my body involuntarily reacted to having this Adonis at my back. My ass pressed back and ground into his hard on, tearing a small moan out of my throat. Briefly wondering how I had gotten home, the events of the evening played out in my mind in full color flashback.

Promptly at 6pm the knock at the door came. I slowly made my way down the stairs on four-inch ice-blue siren pumps, adorned with tiny rich red roses while straightening my matching off the shoulder shirt with little silver embellishments along the bottom around my hips. The half dozen silver bracelets that adorned my wrist jingled with every step I took. Throwing a sexy smirk towards the door, I took a moment to steady myself.

Swinging the door open, I lifted my eyes and had to grab onto the door and take a moment. This was becoming a bad joke. I couldn't even be in the same room as the man without making a fool of myself. He stood, all six-foot-three of smirking honest-to-God sexiness. Clearly finding my teenage antics amusing, he did a very slow and heated sweep of me, pausing briefly with raised brows at my killer heels then moving slowly over the hip-hugging skinny leg distressed jeans. Passing over my midsection with parted lips, he stopped on my red painted lips.

He snapped his eyes to mine and with a gravelly voice declared, "Hot shoes babe. Ready?"

I snatched my purse up off the glass coffee table by the door, did a quick check to make sure I had everything and followed him out. Taking his outstretched hand in mine, the second we made contact tingles shot through me. His large hands made me feel small and petite. I looked up and noticed he'd parked his truck in Trip's drive. "You didn't need to park over there you know."

Without even looking back at me, he mumbled, "Living there now, babe."

We reached the passenger side, and as he gave me a hand up,-which happened to include both his hands on my ass-a round of butterflies swirled in my belly.

Once I was seated, I looked down into his face. He grinned, "Wouldn't pass up the opportunity to see your pretty face every day."

"Oh," I whispered on a stuttered breath, thinking of all the ways I'd like to see him around. I was suddenly flushed. I'd really like to see a hell of a lot of him around. Shirtless and sweaty, mowing the yard...Now that would be nice.

I had to admit, the idea of him staying a mere hop skip and jump away left me a little worried though. I'd only know him for a day. I mean I'd known of him and I'd seen photos of him as he was growing up, but I didn't actually know him-know him. As in, I really didn't know anything about him. At all. I'd have to rectify that quick smart, and our date would be the perfect time to do that.

"What kind of work will you be doing now?" I asked curious. He looked sideways while shifting gears. Dammit, he even made that look sexy.

"I've been asked to do bit of P.I work for a buddy of mine. I don't really need to work, but I prefer to keep busy. I might start in a few weeks."

"At least you'll have something to do," I replied lamely. The way his mouth moved as he spoke was making me wonder what it would feel like to have his lips wrapped around my nipple again.

Squirming in my seat, I only just heard his murmured retort. "I could think of something I wanna do." Clearly an insinuation and one I was more than down for.

Mace pulled up to the front of our local bar, Bob's Bar and Grill, a place I absolutely loved.

What I loved about Bob's was the friendly, relaxed atmosphere. Delicious and simple meals, cold beer on tap and great music. I wasn't one of those girls who sipped fluffy frou frou drinks from pretty glasses with her pinkie in the air. Fuck no. Give me ice cold beer, shots of anything strong, and the occasional rum and coke.

"Table free over there," Mace said with a nod of his head in the direction of a vacant table toward the back beside the pool tables. "I'll get us some drinks. Be right there, babe"

He walked off toward the bar, not even asking me what I wanted. My irritation flared.

What an ass!

Did he think I couldn't order for myself, his macho man routine was really beginning to piss me off. I mean, really did I have "useless bitch" hung on a tag around my neck?

"Freaking, assface, douche canoe, thinks he can boss me around like some kind of piece-of-bimbo ass," I muttered to nobody in particular as I stomped off to our table ready to give him a serving when he got back, no doubt with something I'd hate. "He brings me back anything in a bitch glass, and I'll make him drink it," I continued ranting aloud.

I'd no sooner slid into my chair and put my clutch down when a cold beer was slid in front of me. I looked to the beer-all the pissy mood flew out of me replaced by a squishy feeling in my gut. Eyes snapping up to Mace to say thank you, I realized he was smirking like the cocky ass he was. "Thanks, but what's so funny?" I part snapped at him.

"You, babe, stompin' about the place like you're gonna deck someone," he said, trying and failing to hold back a chuckle

"I wasn't going to hit anyone, just give you a piece of my mind." I looked at him a little annoyed, because even when I thought he wasn't paying attention, he was aware of my little tantrum. "How did you know what I drink?"

"Paid attention at dinner last night. You only drink one kind of beer," he said nodding his head in the direction of my drink.

There he went again pissing me off with his noticing shit most men wouldn't. I corrected my earlier observation.

Stupid, thoughtful, attention paying ass!

Fortunately, our conversation took a more pleasant turn when he let me order my own dinner and the next round of drinks. Though he put his foot down at me paying for anything.

"I'm more than capable of paying for a round of drinks," I told him, eyebrows raised, my hands on my hips. To anyone else I probably seemed like a bitch, but he only found it amusing.

"A man doesn't let his woman pay, plain and simple, babe," he told me, his tone one not to be messed with.

Hold on, when the hell had I become 'his woman'? It was our first date for crying out loud!

After our relaxing meal, we had a few more drinks, made all that much better with the light easy conversation. Where the back and forth dropped off, there was a comfortable silence that simply didn't need to be filled.

"How long were you with special ops then?" I figured I had to take this slow, and then maybe he'd give me something to work with.

"Six years roughly. How long have you been a tattooist?" His answer was brief, steering the conversation back again.

"I got my first tattoo here at eighteen." I pointed to the ink on my bicep. "After that, I was hooked. I started my apprenticeship almost straightaway. Haven't looked back." He grabbed my arm and looked a little closer, the contact of his rough calloused fingers bringing the flush back to my cheeks.

"An engine?" he asked with raised brows.

"My dad and I we built cars from scratch; it was our thing. We always had an old engine we'd be fixing up."

"The Cobra? You did that?" I'd seen him eyeing my car appreciatively.

"Yep, took us about six months, but she was well worth every second."

"And the shoe?" he questioned, tipping his head to the side slightly. Looking back to my tattoo, I smiled. It was cute, an old car engine with a high heel sitting on top; this particular piece was all me.

"I have a slight obsession for heels. Well, any cute shoe really," I mumbled, looking down at the table. I looked up when I heard him chuckle.

"I like your shoes; they make your legs go on forever".

Trying to steer the conversation back, I asked more about his job. He let on a little bit, but no matter how I approached, I learned very little about Mace, other than he'd been doing tours all round; the last taking him away for over two years. There was something soothing about the way he spoke about it, an almost pained vibe though. It got to a point where he told me in a very indirect way that the topic was over. I could tell that he clearly didn't like talking about himself. Constantly steering the conversation back to me and answering questions with questions was starting to irritate the shit out of me. Fortunately, Mace suggested a game of pool just before I was about to go all "I am woman hear me roar" on his ass.

"Come on, babe. I'll show you how to play," he told me while heading toward the vacant table.

I hate how he does that!

I should have been miffed that he assumed I couldn't play, but instead, I figured I'd go along with it. Little did Mace know that I had played with my father as a kid and more recently, I beat his younger brother at least once every week. Trip, Remy, Teeny and I had a ritual after closing time each Friday. We'd stop at Bob's to shoot pool, have a few drinks and embrace the weekend. Trip hated losing to me, yet he managed to take it like a man almost every time.

Deciding I could have a lot of fun with this, I walked up real close, leaning past him to grab a cue, and whispered-with practiced innocence and a bat of my eyelashes-"I need a stick-thingy. Wait. We should make a bet, right? That's what they do on the TV shows."

He smirked. "Babe, I'm not taking your money. It would be damn cruel to kick a pup while she's down." With a small smile, he turned and started racking the balls up. I bit my lip to keep from laughing and concentrated damn hard-on keeping a straight face.

I whined, "But I really wanna bet. Just fifty dollars. C'mon, it'll be fun, and if I lose, you can buy me drinks with it anyway. C'mon, Mace. Please?"

He looked about to roll his eyes when he muttered, "Alright. But only one game of betting, babe. I'd hate for you to be upset all night."

Cocky a**hole!

It was kinda cute how he thought he could beat me. Call me smug, but I knew I was good. Damn good, actually. I just hoped he wasn't better.

"How do I know which balls are mine though?" I asked, sounding clueless.

"Whoever sinks the first ball gets that set" He pulled me close to where he stood at the table and picked up two balls. "See, this one is smalls, this one is bigs." Pointing out what I already knew.

Biting my lip with what I hoped came across as a clueless look, I asked, "What does that mean?"

"Stripes and solid, see? There's a set of each." He smiled, a cocky look taking over his face.

"Oh I get it! Wait. Who gets to hit the balls first?" I was laying it on thick.

"The pretty lady does."

"Flattery might just get you to second base. Tell me how to hit them. Do I just poke 'em with the stick-thing?" I asked, turning my back a little so he wouldn't see the laugh I was trying to hold down.

He smiled at me and shook his head "No you need to come down here near the white ball and-just come here, I'll show you".

I could barely keep the glee off my face as I walked to his end of the pool table. Mace came up behind, molding his hard body to mine. He brushed my hair back and lightly kissed my neck. He muttered, "Here, babe. Hold the cue like this." He positioned my hand on the pool cue, his large hand encasing my much smaller one. "Rest your hand right here on the table." His voice got a little quieter.

I pretended to be concentrating on what was happening with the game, but my brain was fully focused on this hard length brushing up against my ass. "And pull the back." I moved the stick minimally along the side of our bodies, my breath coming out in short bursts as I became more and more turned on. "Yeah, just like that." Bending over me with slightly parted legs, his hands on the stick with mine, his breath tickling the side of my neck, the smell of his soap and the erection pressed tight to my backside made my panties become moist. My girl bits spasmed at the thought of him bending me over sans clothing and having an audience. I purposely missed the shot by a mile; although, it may have had something to do with his lips as he kissed directly under my ear, and whispered hoarsely, "Gotta say, I like you bent over in front of me like this."

I briefly forgot we were in public. Closing my eyes, I melted against him. "You smell good."

And he did. Like musk, something woodsy and all man.

Cool air brushed over me as he moved away to take his shot, leaving me feeling a small sense of loss.

I played the clueless card for the first half of the game, purposely missing shots, and asking stupid questions I already knew the answers to.

And it was so much fun that it was hard not to burst into laughter at times.

Mace helped me out by telling me where to position the cue, and how to line up the balls. "Don't worry babe, some people just aren't pool players." He must have mistaken me biting my lip trying to hold back the laughter as worry.

"You're a really good teacher though." I batted my eyelashes and laid on a sickly sweet smile.

"A few more dates and a heap more practice, you'll be playing like a pro in no time."

He was getting cocky again

It was time to step up and start playing to win. I wanted to get the hell outta here, preferably somewhere I could get that sexy grey Henley off him and pop the buttons on his black jeans. As he came down to take his shot, I leaned onto the table slightly, exposing my cl**vage in a barely fit-for-public showing.

His eyes snapped up, lids becoming heavy. His eyes darkening with desire.

Oh, he saw. He liked it too. Leaning forward a little more, I asked innocently, "You gonna take that shot or stand there all day, honey?"

He grunted and took the shot, missing the ball completely. I figured it was time to make my play. I stepped up to the table and promptly sunk every last one of my balls, smirking as the eight ball went down.

Using the cue to steady himself, he dipped his head. I could see his body shake with silent laughter. I couldn't help but join in. Lifting his head, I smiled angelically when he met my eyes. I really liked the way his smile changed his whole face. He chuckled, "I just got hustled, huh?"

Chapter Six

Laying in my bed with a warm man pressed up against me, I was amazingly content. A broad smile appeared on my face as I recalled the rest of the night's events leading up to now.

After beating Mace at four games of pool, we spent my fifty dollar winnings on drinks. By the time we'd arrived home, I'd fallen asleep pressed tightly against him in the front cab of his truck. I vaguely remembered him carrying me up stairs to my bed, taking off my shoes and jeans with a muttered, "hot as fuck," and then the sweet kiss he'd placed on my forehead as he tucked me in. He'd been so warm and comfortable I had asked him not to go, in my slightly inebriated and very sleepy state. At the time, it probably wasn't a genius thing to do, inviting someone on a first date to stay the night, but right in that moment, I couldn't bring myself to care.

Mace gripped my hip tight as I moved my ass into him. His raspy voice, heavy with sleep came close to my ear, "Morning pretty girl."

A round of goose bumps spread over my neck. Pushing back again with a slight grind of my hips, I whispered, "You stayed the night?"

"Mmm-hmm, you wouldn't let me go. Figured it was a nice place to be, you tucked up beside me." He brushed his lips across my right shoulder. I turned my body slightly towards his. His hand shifted down to the back of my leg, hooked behind my knee, only to run it back up the inside of my leg, to the bottom edge of my lace boy short panties. Moving his finger slowly, lazily back and forth just inside the seam, his teasing touch heated my body as the anticipation took over. He lowered his head. Using his teeth, he pulled my tank down to reveal one puckered nipple. He took it in his mouth, swirling and flicking his tongue, and softly nibbled against the hard peak. Morning stubble scratched against the soft flesh of my breast causing a ripple of heat to spread through my body. A growl tore up from his throat as his finger found its mark between my dripping folds. His head snapped up, eyes met mine, "Is that a-FUCK! You're pierced!"

"Yeah, it kinda heightens everything, but, honey, if you flick it hard like that again, I'll be coming in ten seconds flat," I answered on a hitched breath as arousal shot through me and another rush of juices made me wetter.

With a naughty smile, he leaned down, nibbled my lower lip and flicked the ring hard. "Oh God," I cried out against his mouth, my body arching to his hand.

Mace moved quickly, kneeling between my legs. He ripped my panties off in one clean sweep, and looked down at me with heavily-lidded eyes. His chest heaving with breath, he muttered, "Fucking beautiful, so God damn wet, baby. Need to taste you." With that, his hands went behind my knees. He leaned down and pulled my throbbing, swollen p**sy up to his mouth diving his tongue into my slick, wet mound, lapping with a groan that vibrated right through me.

A shudder rolled through me as his tongue moved up to flick over my clit, teeth tugging at the piercing. He drove a long finger deep into my hot core. "Oh fuck," I hoarsely moaned as the feeling of what was to be one hell of an orgasm built, then nothing.

I propped myself up on crooked elbows. Dropping my shaking legs to either side of his ripped body, I heard the unmistakable sound of a foil wrapper. Thank God, I thought. My eyes took in the sight before me; his hard, defined pecs, a silver ring in his left nipple, the ink that scattered across his impressive body. Looking up at his incredible size and watching him put on the rubber was incredibly hot.

He pumped his hard length once, twice before looking up with parted lips. In his gravelly voice that I now knew meant he was turned on, he virtually growled, "Sweetest cunt I've ever seen, babe. Gotta get inside it now." He covered me with half his body, one hand gripped on my hip tight and his left forearm resting on the bed beside my head. He drove his impressive, thick length to the hilt on a long, drawn out groan. A whimper of pure bliss at the full feeling of his hard c*ck deep inside me, I shifted my h*ps urging him to move. "Stay still, babe. You're so tight. You move, it'll be over."

Hearing him say this turned me on incredibly further. My hands moved of their own volition, scoring his back. "I need you to move, honey. I f**king need it," I whimpered. Immediately, he pulled almost all the way out and rammed back in. My back arching up from the overwhelming lust, he found his rhythm and pounded in hard and fast, breathing heavy, lips and tongues everywhere. He reached his hand between us and tugged gently on my cl*t piercing, causing fireworks to go off, my body to spasm and white bursts to erupt behind my eyelids. "Oh God. Oh God, Mace," I moaned loudly as I came.

"Fuck babe," he ground out before he seated himself all the way inside. His c*ck jerked and his eyes rolled back slightly while he held tightly onto my ass and came.

Shuddering as the waves of my orgasm decreased in intensity, we were both nak*d and breathing like we had ran a marathon. Mace leaned down and kissed me long, wet and slow. Tasting myself on him, my body reacted and I was instantly turned on again. The corners of his mouth tipped up as he mumbled against my mouth, "You're going to break me." I laughed, a full all-out laugh which in turn made his eyes sparkle and his face go soft.

He leaned over the side of the bed and disposed of the used condom in the waste basket. As he flopped back down next to me, my stomach rumbled. "You want breakfast?"

"Mmm, shower first," he answered. Jumping up, he threw me over his shoulder and made for the bathroom, me giggling along the way. He sat me on the sink, turned on the shower and came back to stand between my legs. Wrapping them around his waist, he kissed me slowly and lifted me without breaking lip contact, walking into the steaming shower.

Mace had a mouth that could drive any woman crazy. He pulled back, kissing and nibbling my neck, slowly letting my feet touch the floor tiles. He got down on his knees, showering my body with attention as he went, finally making it to my drenched p**sy. I stood my back against the tiles squirming, waiting for the sweet contact of his talented tongue. He lifted one leg and draped it over his shoulder, allowing him access to slowly nibble a path along my inner thigh from knee to p**sy.

My head fell back against the tiled wall gasping for breath. My chest rising and falling fast, I was growing impatient. Just as his warm breath blew across my clit, he dropped my leg down and moved back slightly. "What the fuck! Noooo! Where are you going? I need that back, come back here." I couldn't even move forward to pull his head back to me. All the time, the ass was shaking with silent laughter. "Mace!" I stomped my foot. Yes, I stomped my foot but he was really good at that tongue-thing.

"Hold on, babe. I'll get back there." He stood with a soapy loofah in his hand and a wicked glint in his eye as he pinned me to the wall with his hips, his c*ck jerking against my stomach. The loofah made contact with one sensitive nipple as he made slow circles with it against my skin.

"Oh," I sucked in a breath, "carry on then." Mace chuckled and dropped his other hand down between us, flicking my cl*t ring as his mouth dropped to my other breast biting down, gently ripping a gasp from my lips. Damn, what was I protesting about again? I moved my hands from his shoulders up to his head, pulling him up and kissing him long and hard.

He dropped the loofah and braced his hands against the wall. "Want your mouth on me, babe." His dirty mouth and the feel of his hard thick c*ck pressing against me, caused me to moan. "On your knees, baby." Mace stepped back as I moved my feet, when all of a sudden, I slipped on the soapy floor, falling forward, hands coming down to brace myself. Right when my hands should have made contact with the floor, I was poked in the eye by a long hard dick. "Shit!" Mace swore. "You okay?"

I couldn't answer him. I was rolling around on the floor of the shower, one hand to my assaulted eye and laughing so hard I couldn't breathe. I looked up to see Mace looking shocked before he burst out laughing, sliding down the wall to a sitting position. After a few moments, we calmed ourselves and he reached over cupping my face. "Any permanent damage?"

I smiled up at him. "I think I'll survive." I leaned down not wanting to waste such an impressive hard-on. I wrapped my lips around him and sucked hard and deep, hitting the back of my throat. Making him groan, he gripped my hair in his hands as his head fell back against the tiles. As I pulled back to do it again, my phone sounded from the bedroom; the loud ringtone playing out, "I just can't wait to be king" from my favorite kid's movie The Lion King. "Fuck me," I murmured, Mace's body shaking with laughter once again. I wasn't sure if I should laugh or cry.

Worst shower sex ever!

By the time we were done with our shower, which ended up cold by the time we'd finished washing each other and screwing in the bathroom, we got dressed and had breakfast; it was close to one in the afternoon.

Standing in the kitchen sipping coffee, it was time to do the awkward, "that was fun but-" moment. I reached past Mace, who was leaning on the counter, to grab my keys,

"I gotta get to the shop. You still comin' in to have more work done tomorrow?"

He pulled me over to him so I was standing chest-to-chest, and before I could say anything further, he nabbed my keys and started walking out the front door.

I looked down to the hand my keys had been in and followed out after him, determined to let him know we'd had fun but that was all it was. I wasn't out for a relationship; the last one I'd had ended badly. Hell, the whole relationship was a disaster, one I intended not to repeat.

Once at my car, he put the keys in the ignition and started my baby up. I opened my mouth to tell him I was perfectly capable of starting my own damn car when he held his hand up silently, telling me to shut it. That pissed me way the hell off. "What the fuck, Mace. I can start my own God damn car. You don't get to-"

Mace grabbed me by the waist, hauled me against his body and pressed his mouth hard against mine. His tongue slipped in which effectively stopped my rant. I wanted to keep being pissy. I really did, but the man had a magic mouth. To this, my six out-of-this-world orgasms and I could testify.

He pulled back slightly, pecked me one more time while I breathlessly tried to get my wits about me, and whispered, "Was listenin' to the engine, babe. Fuel and air mixture on the carbie needs adjusting. Heard it yesterday."

"I knew that," I whispered, a little dumbfounded that he'd picked it up. All other thoughts fleeting my head in that moment

"Lunch at Ma's on Sunday? I'll be firing up the grill; pick you at eleven, yeah?" he told me in a rough voice. "Later, babe. Got shit to do." He kissed me one last time. Before I could get a word out, he walked off, jumped in his truck and was gone. Leaving me flustered, I stared after him like a moron.

I was dumbfounded. It didn't go at all like I planned. I looked around, still slightly confused, before snapping back to reality and dropping into the driver's seat.

Cocky a**hole!

I'd been doubting myself since I arrived at the shop that morning. It pissed me off that he'd made me doubt myself. I was confident and didn't take shit from anyone. Never in my life did I act like some dreamy-eyed moron over a guy. I was not that woman. I did like Mace, but I wasn't sure what he was expecting. I had assumed, like me, he was up for a onetime thing; however, that morning, he'd told me he was taking me out again to his mother's. That right there wasn't a one night stand; it was something else entirely. I had no idea if I was even alright with that happening.

He was hot, fan-f**king-tastic in bed and out of it. Plus, he was kinda sweet, but cocky and bossy, as well as a little annoying. There was something a little sad and pained beneath it all; he clearly tried to hide it, but it was there in his eyes. He'd been hurt, but how I did not know. I wasn't sure if I even wanted to know.

Did I want to be involved with somebody who may be damaged? Did I want to be involved with anyone at all?

Shut the hell up, Scar. You're brain babbling.

I liked my life how it was; easy, steady and simple. I needed my girl, my best friend; she always either had advice, or would help me work out the million questions running through my head.

I sent her a text message. Seconds later my cell buzzed.

911 my place 10pm. Bring ice-cream ~ S

On it, babe. Chocolate? ~ T

Double-choc fudge! ~ S

Mace? ~ T

YES! ~ S

I put my phone away feeling a little calmer that Teen would come to the rescue and help me sort this cluster-fuck out. I went back to work engrossing myself in ink and skin until closing time.

When I arrived home, I had a nice hot shower and a few beers. I was dressed in stretchy yoga pants and a tiny tank when Teeny breezed through the front door. She took one look at me, turned her nose up slightly, and said, "Get up, skank. Get dressed; we're hitting the bar."

I looked up at her with a confused face. She was wearing designer jeans, a purple sparkly tank and matching wedges. There was no double-choc fudge in sight.

"What? I want ice-cream. Where the fuck's the ice-cream?"

"No. No, ice cream. It's not happening. Get the f**k up and get dressed. You don't moon about over a guy, even if that guy is a fuckuva stud. What you do is get up, get your shit together and go the f**k out!"

Right. So we were going out. I could do that; drinks would help me sort out what I was doing with Mace. I kissed Teen on the cheek as I walked past to get ready. Half an hour later, we were in a cab on the way to Bob's bar, already half-tanked.

Chapter Seven

My cell rang just after 1am. I picked it up from the coffee table in front of me. Scarlett's name lit up on the display. "Babe?" I answered, wondering what the hell was wrong; I had seen her and her friend, who Trip had told me was Teeny, leave in a cab around 10:30 all dressed up.

"You're a sexy face," she slurred, a loud noise in the background.

"Are you drunk?" I asked slightly amused that she was drunk dialing me.

"Yeppers," she giggled.

"How drunk are you?" I asked as I looked over at Trip, where he was slouched on the sofa silently laughing. I covered the mouthpiece on the phone and whispered, "Gonna go pick the girls up. Be ready when I get back. Thinking I'll need some help." He nodded, holding his stomach still laughing.

My attention was drawn back to the phone when Scarlett yelled, "Teeny! How drink are we?"

Chuckling, I ran a hand down my face. "Ah shit, where are you, babe?"

Scarlett yelled again, "Bob! Where are me?" Bingo! She had to be at Bob's Bar. In a concerned whisper, she told me "Um, we went to drunk, Mace."

I bit down on the inside of my mouth to curb the laughter bubbling up my throat. But it proved pointless after she said loudly, "You're so pretty."

Walking out to my truck, I could hear who I could only assume was Teeny, singing very badly in the background, "I'm a gonna go to studs-r-us, and buys myself a Mace. Noooo, not a Mace a Trip. Oh, where do all the hot guys live? At studs-r-us, yeah! OH HEY, studs-r-us..."

Scarlett's voice cut into her song telling me, "I wanna lick your face, Mace-Ha! I made a funny, face-Mace, face-Mace. I rhymb-rhyms-I rhymed."

Pulling my keys out, I started the engine and took off towards Bob's. "You want to lick my face?" I asked her with amusement.

"No! Why would I do that?"

I coughed to hide my laughter and asked, "Babe, I'm almost there to get you. Can you and Teeny stay inside for me?"

This was initially met with a moment's silence, then Scarlett yelling, "You make my vag**a all melty-wait no!-You make my belly all melty. My vag**a's hot!"

I chuckled through my words, "It sure is, babe, but I'm not sure I want the entire bar knowing that."

This girl is a f**king riot!

Scarlett sobered, and ever so seriously told me, "Oh, but they can't see it. Do you wanna see my vag**a?"

Hearing her talk about her sweet p**sy made me groan. "Babe, I'm pulling in to the bar's parking lot now. Where are you?" I asked, jumping down from my truck and locking it.

"Teeny needed to pee," she whisper-yelled down the phone.

"I'm hanging up the phone, babe. See you in a second."

"Mm-kay," she hiccupped down the phone.

Hanging up and slipping my cell into my back pocket, I pushed my way through the crowded bar. I headed toward the restrooms, when all of a sudden, I was knocked back a step by Scarlett jumping on my front and wrapping her jean-clad legs around my waist. My hands automatically went to her ass to hold her up. Scarlett was beyond drunk, but I couldn't help be relieved that she was in my arms, plus she was a f**king hilarious happy drunk, not a crier or drama queen. She started sucking on my neck and grinding herself against my crotch.

"Ahh, Scar, babe, you need to not do that right now." Shit, she was whimpering and squirming and her breathing had picked up. My dick wasn't obeying my brain. Scar was way too drunk for this. I slid her down my body, holding her arms to steady her.

"Ready to go home, babe?"

"Yes prease, pwease, please," she answered, apparently confused by the slur in her voice. "Oh, Teen's staying at my place," she hiccupped, her voice filled with drunken excitement.

I looked up as the restroom door swung open, and the second drunk in question stumbled out of the bathroom shoving her panties into her monstrous bag. Shaking my head, I dragged both girls out to my truck while they stumbled on their feet and dodged what they swore were talking trees.

"You're so cute and sexy and big, and you give great head." Scarlett looked up at me as I buckled her into the back cab beside Teeny. I chuckled lightly and planted a kiss on her forehead. I closed the door and took a second to shoot out a quick text message letting Trip know we were on the way home. I jumped in and started the engine. I was then treated to the funniest drunk conversation I'd ever heard.

"Mace gives great head, Teen. He does this thing with his tongue." Scarlett swung around trying to point to her tongue, but her finger landed on her nose instead. "My nose! It's gone! I can't feel my nose, Teeny! I can't feel my nose. Where is it?" she repeated, getting hysterical.

Shaking my head, I smirked.

"Maybe it's in my purse? Here hold this," Teeny excitedly replied.

"Teen," she whispered, suddenly distracted from her numb nose, "how come your panties are in your bag?"

"I couldn't get them back on after I peed," she sighed.

"Oh! I left my panties at home; they were in the way," Scarlett excitedly told Teeny.

Teeny reached over turning up the radio, and they both started singing along-screwing up the words as they went. "I can't forget the sem*n on your face as you were leavin'"

Trying not to laugh at the serious look on their faces, I leaned forward and switched the station. Mariah Carey cut off abruptly, replaced by R.E.M and Scarlett went for it again, belting it out at the top of her lungs, "Let's pee in the corner. Let's pee in the spotlight, losing my direction!"

Unable to hold my laughter in any longer, I switched the radio off just before turning onto our street. We pulled up to Trip standing in Scarlett's drive. He opened the passenger door, helped Scarlett down, and without saying a word, grabbed Teeny out, threw her over his shoulder in a fireman's hold, and stomped back to our place.

Teeny was cussing, yelling and slapping at his back to put her down. Trip just waved at me over his shoulder. I figured he'd sort Teeny.

I had managed to get Scarlett's keys from her, unlocked the door and maneuvered her inside when she pushed me. Taken by surprise, I stumbled back into a sitting position on the red leather sofa. She dropped to her knees and started trying to undo my belt buckle while looking up at me giggling. "I wanna lick you all up."

The sight gave me an instant boner, but I couldn't take advantage, even though the temptation of her mouth on my c*ck was ranking pretty high. Gently as I could, I pushed her hands away and suggested, "How about we get you up to bed, yeah?"

"Can I lick you up there?" she persisted with a pout.

Just as I was about to answer, she leaned forward, turned a miraculous shade of green and puked right in my lap.

Rum-Fucking superb.

I carried her upstairs and headed to her bedroom. After placing her on her bed, I went and grabbed a wash cloth and gently wiped her face with warm water. Somehow, I managed to find it in me to chuckle as I wiped the sick from her chin. I knew tomorrow would be fun when I retold this story to her.

I managed to get her sitting up on the edge of the bed, giving me enough time to quickly remove my vomit-laced jeans and throw them to the floor. I grabbed a tank for her to sleep in, then removed her hip-hugging jeans and halter top. Once I laid her down in bed, she reached up, stroked my face and babbled, "You were just supposed to be a one night stand but you poked my eye, and kissed me sweet and listened to my car. Now, I kinda wanna keep you."

Then she promptly passed out.

Chapter Eight

I was sitting outside on my small deck with a cup of coffee contemplating just what the hell to do. Not only about the Mace situation, but my display of pure dumbassery the previous night.

Way to go dipshit. Nothing better than drunken girl vomit.

When there was a knock on the door, I answered, knowing it would be Mace to pick me up for his Mother's Sunday lunch. It had taken the better part of the morning to get my stomach to stop rolling and my head to stop pounding as if a marching band had taken up residence. I wasn't sure whether Mace would even show up, let alone if I would go with him. If somebody had drunk dialed me, I would have been super peed off, but even worse, had said person puked on me, I would have run away so fast there'd be flames behind me and smoke coming from my thighs.

I was contemplating what to do-of course I would apologize. It was when I'd gotten a text from Mace telling me to bring a bathing suit, and that Trip had taken Teeny home to get changed and would be bringing her along. It was at that point, I'd decided that I needed to make my intentions with him perfectly clear. I also knew I was who I was. I was just me. I did stupid shit, and I did it often. If Mace didn't like it, well too damn bad, and besides, it wasn't like it mattered. This thing-us-it was just a bit of fun. Naked fun at that, so that meant the dating shit had to stop and pronto. There was no need for feelings to be involved. I knew from personal experience how badly it could go when you started doing stupid things like falling for somebody.

I opened the door to Mace. A smile played on his lips. Wearing black and white printed board shorts and a white T-shirt pulled tight over his chest and arms, the sight of him standing, looking so irresistible, made my mouth water.

"Come in. I'll just grab my things and we can leave," I managed to say without checking my chin for drool. I turned away avoiding his gaze. Okay, so I was a little tiny bit embarrassed.

"Scarlett, look at me," he said, amusement lacing his voice.

"About last night, I-"

Mace cut me off mid apology. "Babe, don't worry about it. You were drunk and kinda cute."

"I puked on you, Mace. That's really gross and I'd be super pissed if it was me, so, I'm sorry."

"Scar, come here," he said on a laugh.

I hadn't moved; the sight of him laughing had me glued to the spot. His face completely transformed with the laughter; it was a look so completely different from the way he usually held himself, like for a moment, he'd let go of whatever it was that hurt within.

There I stood, just staring at his amazing blue eyes, the sound of his amusement stirring something inside of me, warming my stomach. Mace had a fantastic laugh, all deep and rumbly.

"Here, babe" The slightly commanding tone in his voice had me moving that time. It would have made me want to do anything he asked of me. That in turn annoyed me.

What the hell is wrong with me?

I wasn't a little play thing, a puppy he could command just because it turned me on. Shit-I was turning into one of those chicks-I hated those chicks. The type who chased after their guy. The thought pulled me up short. He wasn't my guy, not even close; I had to make that crystal clear immediately.

During my internal pep talk, I moved to stand before him. I looked up and stated in a firm voice, not betraying my inner thoughts, "We need to be clear here, Mace. I'm not looking for a Prince Charming to swoop me off my feet, and I don't need anything more than a little fun."

He smirked down at me with a cocky look crossing his face. "Right," he replied, amusement evident in his voice. He grabbed my bag off the kitchen counter and started for the door.

"Wait! Rules. We need some rules," I rushed out a little loudly.

Mace stopped dead and spun back to me one eyebrow raised. "Rules?"

"Yeah, you know, rules. What we can do, can't do. Rules," I explained. "No feelings, no drama, just nak*d fun, no more dates either. Oh, and I don't share my toys."

He crossed his massive arms over his chest. Smirking, he asked, "Toys?"

I was getting pretty mad at his one word comments. My inner snarky bitch decided to rear her ugly head. "Yes, Mace, TOYS!" My voice started getting louder. I wondered why the hell he kept smiling at me. "This is serious," I snapped. "I need to know where you see this thing going, Mace."

With that comment, he dropped my bag, took a large stride forward, grabbed me roughly and planted a hard, scorching kiss on me. Grabbing under my ass, making me automatically wrap my legs around his waist, I grinded against him. Sparks shot through me at his hard length pressed tight to my now hot, wet core.

He pushed me against the wall, pulled his head back slightly and all but growled against my lips, "Right now, babe, the only place this is going is as deep in your tight little p**sy as I can get." Accentuating his words with another hip grind made me whimper as his mouth crushed down on mine again. My body ignited; my movements became frantic.

I needed him, all of him.

I ripped open the Velcro of his shorts exposing the swollen tip of his raging hard-on. I pushed past his boxer briefs, and wrapped my hand tightly around his silky smooth length. He was so damn big it didn't matter how many times I touched him, it still took me by surprise. I could barely wrap my hand around him. My thumb swept over the drops of pr**um and our moans cut off as our mouths moved against each other. Knowing I could turn him on so much that he was heavily panting, urged me on. With a tortured groan, he pushed me harder against the wall, his h*ps pressed tight to mine and one hand braced beside my head. The other held a tight grip on my ass, I pumped him harder, up and down, up and down with a slight twist of my wrist. His legs were locked tight from a mixture of pleasure and the need to hold me where he had me.

He tugged my sundress up around my hips, and pulled my little string bikini bottoms over so he had access; his long fingers flicked over my cl*t ring a few times before he plunged two long, thick fingers deep into my heat causing me to moan low and deep from my fast moving chest. I watched his eyes become heavy with desire as he pumped his fingers faster. Holding on tight to one of his shoulders, my head thrown back against the wall, my hand continued to grasp and pump his angry looking cock.

"More," I panted, "I need...Mace, I need more."

He groaned as he pulled his fingers out, put them in his mouth and sucked. "You taste so f**king good, baby"

He reached behind him into his back pocket, producing a small foil packet which he ripped open with his teeth.

My lips parted in a groan, and I moved my hands pushing his shorts and boxer briefs down off his h*ps while he rolled the condom on. My head fell to his shoulder, only to shoot back up as he entered me swiftly, balls deep. "Mace, oh God!"

"So God damn tight and wet," Mace ground out. "Fuck! This is gonna be quick, babe."

He'd started pumping his h*ps hard, quickly finding a perfect rhythm. His pelvis ground against my cl*t every time he pushed up and in. I felt my orgasm building seconds before it hit me. "Oh God! Fuck, Mace," I yelled as colorful sparks burst behind my eyelids. The world exploded as my walls gripped him tight, setting off his own release with a roar. "Fuck! Baby!"

His c*ck was still hard and twitching when he slid me off him and down the wall. He looked down at me and said in a still effected voice, "Let's get a few things straight. I'm not a toy. You being pissy at me only turns me on, and this 'thing' has no Goddamn rules, except you are mine, Scar." He helped me fix my dress, quickly disposing of the used condom before retrieving my discarded bag and said, "We're late. Let's go."

Apparently, my voice and reason had left me during the afterglow of great f**king sex. Through his speech, I simply looked on, wide eyed, bruised lipped and breathless. It was definitely not as I'd planned it to go-stupid freaking hormones! God! Apparently, I had turned into some kind of hussy. All he had to do was caveman speak at me and I wanted to jump him. No rules my ass. I wasn't giving into him; he could think what he damn well wanted; it was fine by me.

Then I went and followed him out to the car like some kind of... Some kind of girl! I was starting to dislike myself.

Something needed to change. Soon.

Chapter Nine

We pulled up to Ma's after a fairly quiet ride, since Scar was mad at me or some shit. She had this stupid idea about rules. The only one I agreed with was that I wouldn't share her. Not with anyone. The thought of anyone touching her sweet little body made my blood boil. I wasn't sure if she even realized the flaw in her cute little display of said rules. Even after she laid down the law, she still came on the date with me.

Scarlett was going to learn a few important things about me; if I wanted something, I'd do almost anything to make it happen. It had been part of my job in the special ops for around ten years. It was drilled deep in my head: work any angle you could find to your advantage, the end result should never be any less than victory. Scarlett triggered something in me that I hadn't felt for a long time. She seemed to calm the storm in my mind; my anxiety and hurt dimmed when she was around. It didn't matter her mood, so long as she was near me, shit was just easier. The only nights I managed to sleep without the nightmares was when she was beside me. I hadn't known her long, but I had a way of reading people. Scarlett had been hurt by someone she trusted, someone close to her. She had trust issues, that much was plain as day. I was determined to break down her carefully built walls.

I wasn't without my secrets, ones that haunted me night and day-secrets she would find out about eventually. It was an a**hole move, but I hoped I could get far enough under her skin before she knew about my past. I wasn't a good person. I was responsible for the loss of more than one life; I wasn't good enough for a woman like Scarlett, but she made me want to be the person she deserved.

The hardest part of it was that I was keeping the darkest part of my life a secret which was attached to the most precious thing a person could have. Love. Losing her had broken me, shattered a piece of my heart that would never heal. One mistake that had cost me my world.

"Mace?" Scarlett's voice snapped me out of my thoughts. I turned toward her concerned face. Shit, I was zoning out. "Wait there and I'll help you down."

By the time I made it to the passenger side of my truck, she was stomping toward the house. I smirked to myself; she was trying to prove a point; however, all she'd served to do was turn me on again. Scarlett in a pissy mood was hot as fuck. With a sigh, I followed behind her watching that perfect curvy ass sway seductively with each step. I wanted to bend her over and take her from behind.

Once at the door, I reached over and pushed it open, grabbed her hand and pulled her behind me. "Fuck, you're cute when you're pissy, babe"

"I'm annoyed. Annoyed isn't cute. It's just annoyed. I don't do cute," she hissed, making me chuckle.

Yep, cute as fuck.

An hour later, watching from my spot at the grill with Trip, I was irritated and ready to lose my shit. My mood must have been rolling off me in waves because Trip was riding my ass. "Reel it in, brother; he's harmless and Scar can take care of herself. I've seen what she can do. You make a girl like that mad and you're gonna pay for it."

"That little prick puts his hand near her again, I'm gonna break it for him," I growled which made Trip burst out laughing. "Not funny, a**hole." Without taking my eyes off the scene in front of me, I reached over and punched his arm.

"Not really my place to say, but be f**king careful there. I love that girl's attitude, but beneath it, she's a little damaged."

Why hadn't I thought to ask Trip?

Trip clearly cared for Scarlett, so he probably wouldn't say much, but it was worth a try. I just had to be careful with how I approached.

"What kind of damaged?"

"Scar's had some shit luck with douchebags takin' her for a ride. Especially that last one Mick...Rick...Nick, whatever the hell his name was." Trip sobered. "He screwed her around, screwed around on her, and generally was bad f**king news. You're my blood and all, but you know, you hurt her and I'm gonna have to knock you around a bit, right?"

"You know you haven't been able to get a hit in since you were six, and then it was only because Ma would've kicked my ass if you didn't win a few." I would have laughed at the idea of my little brother knocking me around if the situation was any different, yet the guy in Scar's face was bugging the shit outta me. My temper was flaring and I had the strong urge to break the dude's face.

I watched her from across the yard.

There he was. Again. I scowled.

Fucker better watch himself.

Rage coiled in my gut as I watched the douchebag reach past Scar for a fresh drink. It looked accidental when he brushed past her tits, but I knew better. That was a move I would've used in my youth to let a girl know what's up.

When he moved back from her, he tipped his cup ever so slightly causing the contents to pour out onto Scar's chest. She squeaked from the sudden cold no doubt. The front of her dress was saturated, and my stomach dipped when I realized I could see through it. If I could see through it from here, the f**king douche was getting a front row view of my girl's tits.

Not f**king happening

The demon awoke in me, and before I could think, I was making my way over there in long strides.

Halfway there, I saw the guy smirk and wipe the front of Scar's transparent shirt. Scar's shoulders tensed and her face became devoid of any expression. The f**ker was making her uncomfortable.

Fuck no. I don't like it.

He leaned forward and whispered something into her ear. Her shoulders stiffened even more.

The pressure in my skull built till the blood roared in my ears. My jaw ticked.

Go time.

As soon as I reached them, I cocked my arm back and stopped mid punch.

Holy shit.

Scarlett had knocked him on his ass; blood was pissing down his face. My eyes didn't leave Scarlett's. I could hear him cursing. Teeny, who had been standing beside them, gave him an earful and punched into him while Trip was pulling her off, trying to calm her down. All that going on, and my rage was instantly taken over by lust. The blood that was raging in my head went south. I watched Scarlett shake her hand out; that was a hell of a punch. I blinked once, twice, grabbed her by the waist, and threw her over my shoulder in a fireman's hold.

I need her now, right f**king now.

"Mace! What the fuck?" Scarlett asked. I walked inside, right through the kitchen and took the stairs two at a time. Turning into the bathroom, I closed and locked the door. I deposited Scarlett on the bathroom counter, one hand sliding up her dress and along her thigh while the other went behind her neck bringing her mouth to mine.

"That was f**king hot, babe," I growled, my lips moving over her neck. Scarlett stilled for a moment before she attacked me with her hands, mouth and teeth.

Nipping, licking and teasing, her lips traveled down over me with a need that rivalled mine. I ripped her soaked dress up and over her head, leaving her sitting in nothing but a pair of tiny bikini bottoms tied at the sides with string, her perfect tits moving with her deep uneven breaths, and hard n**ples begging to be sucked. Leaning down, I nipped at her left nipple; she arched back, pushing her chest into my mouth with a whimper. My c*ck twitched when her fingers dug into my hair, holding my head against her heaving chest.

Next thing I knew, she'd slid off the counter, and right to the floor on her knees in front of me. She pulled my shorts down around my feet, licked her full lips and wrapped her delicate soft hands around my cock. She smiled up at me, and I damn near lost it right there. "Fuck me," I groaned when her warm tongue flicked at the head of my rock-hard dick. I balled my hands into fists; the sight of my throbbing c*ck sliding in and out of her mouth had my balls drawing painfully tight as the base of my spine started to tingle. The soft vibration as she moaned went right through me. Watching her enjoy sucking me off, I saw as she slipped her hand down to pleasure herself. I could just make out her flicking her finger over the tiny gold ring at her clit, the sight almost made me cum in her mouth. I gripped under her shoulders and hefted her up onto the sink, ripped those bikini pants off and plunged in deep and fast, tearing a loud groan from both of us. "Fuck, so tight."

Shit, she felt good. It must have been the heat of the moment, but I felt every inch of her velvet soft heat like I hadn't before. I gripped her h*ps tight and kept up a steady rhythm. Scarlett threw her head back, scraped her nails down my back and demanded, "More. Harder, Mace. Oh, God, yes. Oh!"

Her p**sy clamped onto my strained c*ck when she screamed out, her mouth slightly parted, "I'm gonna come".

"Fuck, yes, babe. Give it to me." I drove into her, my c*ck jerking as I came deep.

When the shockwaves died down and my breathing returned to something close to normal, I started to pull out and stilled, my body locked up tight, panic ripping through me.

Fuck, shit, fuck.

"Babe, tell me you're on the pill or something." I looked up to Scarlett's slightly dazed face. "Babe?" I prompted. "We didn't use a rubber."

Chapter Ten

We didn't use a rubber? What?

It took a moment for Mace's words to register.

I swallowed hard and answered softly, "We're good. I'm on the pill." The second those words left my mouth, he physically relaxed. The last thing either of us needed was a scare like that.

Fuck.

I couldn't believe I'd let go so much that I hadn't used protection. What the f**k was I thinking? Yes, I was on the pill, but that didn't stop any of the other shit from possibly happening. I took a deep breath, and tried to think rationally. Did I really think there was a chance of me getting some f**ked up disease from Mace? No. He'd only just returned from a celibate life in the military. I wouldn't have let his dick anywhere near my vajayjay if I'd have thought he was rancid.

He must have read my face, because before I even opened my mouth to ask, he smirked at me. "I'm clean. You're on the pill, and if you weren't clean, I assume you would have said something before now?"

Fuck me. Apparently, not only was I an easy lay when it came to all things Mace, but I was pretty darn easy to read too. I really needed to work on my poker face.

He paused a moment before capturing my face. Cupping both cheeks, he leaned in close, "I've had you bare now, babe. Not goin' back."

I wanted to argue simply because he assumed I was okay with that, but I was okay with that, more than okay with that. Shit, he was getting to me. I liked Mace more than I should; he was getting under my skin. No feelings, Scarlett, I reminded myself.

God damn it!

I looked at my surroundings and realized we were in his mother's bathroom.

Oh dear God!

He'd carried me up here. I doubted anyone hadn't known why we had been gone so long. I jumped down off the counter and started getting dressed.

I whisper-hissed, "Mace, we're in your mother's bathroom. We just had sex in your mother's bathroom. With your family downstairs." I felt like gagging. I couldn't decide if I was simply angry or panicking, maybe a little of both.

"They were occupied with that a**hole. Think you broke his nose." He picked up my hand that was throbbing and looked a little red. "Your hand okay? You'll need some ice on that."

The anger and panic slid away the moment the concerned expression hit his face. "It's fine just a little tender."

"Where'd you learn to hit like that?" Mace asked, running his thumb softly across my knuckles.

His sweetness was messing with my head. I needed some space and pronto. Pulling my hand away, I started for the door "My dad, he always said a girl should know how to defend herself. Guess now I know why."

Mace was dangerous to me. Not just because he threatened to tear away at all the protective measures I'd taken to ensure nobody ever took me for a fool again, but because I wanted him, like I hadn't wanted anyone before him, and it was scaring the crap out of me.

I excused myself and went back downstairs. Teeny was lounging by the pool, all signs of drama gone. "Teen, I'm having a God damn crisis," I muttered heatedly under my breath.

Plonking down into the empty lounger beside her, she looked over the top of her sunglasses at me and smiled big. "Dunno what kinda crisis that is, but if the flush in your cheeks and your just-fucked hair is anything to go by, I'll take a few crises for myself thanks".

"You're supposed to be helping me here. What the f**k am I doing? It was supposed to be sex-plain and simple. Casual sex. That was all it was meant to be!" I whined.

Stop acting like a damn girl!

A look of annoyance crossed Teeny's face before she scowled at me "What the f**k you're doing is pulling your head outta your ass and getting with the motherf**king program, babe."

"What the fuck?"

She calmed herself, turned back to me and said, "Scar, inside right now is a sexy-as-hell guy, who's so into you, it's kinda scary. He's a decent guy from what I can see, and you are standing in your own way. What if he's it, babe? What if he's not just another a**hole wrapped in tin foil? What if he's your knight in shining armor? Are you going to throw that chance away because you're a little scared?"

Well she kind of made sense. What could it hurt? It was only my heart, right?

Just as I had been about to tell her what I was feeling for Mace and just how scared I was, I felt his presence behind me, followed by his deep voice by my ear, "Keep this on it for a bit, babe. You won't be inking anyone for a few days, but this'll keep the swelling to a minimum." Mace reached over and gently placed a towel full of ice on my hand, kissed the side of my neck and walked off toward the drinks cooler. Teeny and I both watched after him as he grabbed three beers and headed back our way.

"What if he breaks my heart?"

"What if he doesn't?" Teeny answered, looking past me.

I hated when she was right.

I jumped up. As I walked past Mace, he handed me my beer and wrapped a large strong arm around my waist halting my progress. "Starting to get it now, aren't you? I'm gonna get what I want here, Scar. Forget casual sex, babe; this isn't just a bit of fun," he said, snuggling his face into my neck.

My heart skipped a beat. Avoiding his question all together, I muttered, "Goin' to change."

I turned and went to get ready for the pool, thinking that Mace might just be that dream guy I was chasing. If it wasn't for the niggling feeling he was hiding something...

The rest of the day was a blast; the sun was shining, the drinks were cold, there was great food and even better friends. Teeny, Haven, Milla, a few of the other girls and I decided to play an impromptu game of water volleyball, leaving everyone in a fit of giggles. Mostly caused by Teeny and I dunking each other; we were both competitive even when on the same team.

Mace had been hands on since our little chat earlier, always finding a reason to have his hand on me, kiss me or just be near me. I realized quickly he was a very attentive guy, which didn't bother me in the slightest. If I was honest with myself, I loved the feel of his strong, hard body pressed up against my back, his thick arm wrapped around my waist, hand on my hip in a slightly possessive but still sweet gesture. He made me feel all that warm, squishy shit deep in my stomach.

I was still at a standstill with myself, but figured what was the harm in lapping up the affection for a while, having a little fun while it lasted. I wasn't leading him on; he knew where I stood.

Thick arms wrapped around my waist. Mace's warm body pressed against my back as he kissed my neck and whispered against the shell of my ear, "Ready to go, babe?"

"Mmm-hmm, sure. Can you take me to the shop first?" Earlier in the day, I'd had an idea, and seeing as the swelling had gone down in my hand, allowing me to move it freely, I figured now was as good a time as any.

"What're we doing here?" Mace asked as I turned on the lights in the back of the parlor and made my way to my station.

"You said you wanted more ink. You're getting an afterhours appointment"

Surprised, he asked, "You're gonna do it now? Are you sure? What about your hand?

"My hand's fine now, see." I flexed my hand a few times to show him it was okay. "I've got the sketch you drew up ready to go; all I need is my canvas." I pulled all my equipment out and checked everything was wrapped and set in the right places. I sat on my rolling stool in front of Mace which put me directly at crotch level, really not the best place for my concentration at that point. Clearing my throat, I spoke softly "You need to lose the-Oh..."

Mace stood before me shirtless; his bare chest and washboard abs on display made my mouth water. My gaze followed his stomach down along the light trail of hair leading into the top of his pants, those perfect V shaped lower abdominal muscles were enough to make any woman want to lean forward and lick them. My panties became wet as my thoughts careened directly to the gutter. "Hop up on the table, and lie down on your left side for me, please."

I cleaned and prepped Mace's arms. The whole while I felt his eyes on me, heating my skin from the inside out. Placing the stencil was a little distracting to say the least, the tips of my fingers running over his smooth skin, the feel of his accelerated heartbeat, the warmth of his body. His intoxicating smell so close to me had me breathing heavier than normal. Looking over to see he had been watching intently, sent goose bumps across my skin.

"You're so damn pretty, Scarlett," he told me quietly. His eyes held the conviction his voice showed.

Rather than betray my haywire feelings by replying, I instead asked, "This sitting where you want?" I nodded to his ribs; even I could hear the breathless way my words came out.

The hand holding my tattoo gun came down gently to his skin, the vibrations added to the familiar feelings that always came with inking someone coursed through my body. Something about the buzz of my machine, the lines, the patterns, the curves in every piece of work I permanently made on skin, the power in my hands to make or break a tattoo in one single movement of my wrist, oddly left me with a sense of controlled calm. I would slip into a zone where I concentrated on nothing but the ink and my canvas. The moment a customer sat down before me, they became another of my masterpieces. Whether it was a small piece, a half of their arm or their entire back, it mattered no less to me. Skin and ink, ink on skin: it was my life, my love, my passion. Every little bit of my art deserved my undivided attention and the utmost care.

Mace's skin was a shocking contrast under my hands; rock hard muscles which I was positive he worked hard to maintain, covered with perfectly smooth soft skin, teamed with a scar or two; the only things marring his complexion. His body was stunning, a work of art on its own, with masculinity that could take your breath away. A body like his was worth waiting to work on, images that would come together perfectly flashed through my mind; there were so many things I'd like to do to his body and not all of them were done with ink.

Mace had chosen a memorial tattoo to honor his late father; he explained a few things he wanted, leaving me to draw it up for him. It was gorgeous, complex and very fitting. Hector, Mace's father, had grown roses most of his life; it was one of his many passions. A large black and grey scale cross that started under his arm and ran almost the entire length of his ribs was intricately wrapped in a rose bush featuring three vibrant red roses, all in different states of bloom, representing different things. The first in full bloom for the full life he had lived, the second wilted, though still bright with petals falling from it for the loss of his life cut so short, and the third a closed rosebud signifying the life events he would miss not being here, his children growing, falling in love, starting families of their own. Underneath this, a tiny little child's hand held gently by a protective masculine one. This part I didn't quite understand. I did gather it was of strong importance and Mace hadn't seemed eager to explain, so I left it alone.

Four long hours later, I took one last swipe of his ribcage with paper towel to remove the excess ink; the result was jaw dropping. Your own work is always the hardest to critique; however, this piece was breathtaking and made me a little bit proud. I reached over him, grabbed my camera from the shelf against the wall and asked, "You mind if I take a few photos?"

"Knock yourself out, babe" His voice sent chills down my spine, the man had a f**king awesome voice, all dark and rumbling. It was like sex, covered in chocolate, decadent and so very bad for you, but so good you couldn't deny yourself any of it, just like the rest of him.

"I'm just going to put some tattoo cream on it and wrap you up. You know the drill, yeah? Take the covering off in an hour, wash it with warm antibacterial soap and pat it dry with a soft towel." He just stared up at me with hooded eyes making my breath hitch. I started smearing the cream across his ribcage as I was talking, concentrating hard so as not to look at his face. Usually, I was all business when inking somebody, but having my hands on Mace affected me like nothing else. Feeling his steady heartbeat under my fingertips, the pure power that radiated off him, couldn't be missed. There was something so erotic about my hands marking his skin. I was so turned on by then I could barely stop myself from licking him head to toe. "Make sure you keep applying the cream, morning and night until it's completely healed. Don't scratch or rub at it and try not to stretch the skin."

My fingers tingled every time they swept over the taut skin of his side, my n**ples already hard peaks brushing against the cotton of my dress with even the slightest movement, my core muscles clenching with want, panties drenched. Mace had such an effect on me, his mere presence and the feeling of his watching my every move made me crazy with lust.

Trying to be some kind of professional and not wanting to rip his clothes off and pounce on him in the middle of my very sterile shop, I turned away mentally shaking my head to clear the dirty thoughts running through it. I bent to retrieve the roll of plastic wrap from the bottom drawer in my rolling table. As I stood, Mace's large hands gripped my h*ps and pulled me back into his body. He'd sat up on the table; I could feel his choppy breathing brushing across my neck and back, making my control slip just a little further. My back to his front, I could feel his racing heartbeat as his fingers gripped harder into my hips.

"If I don't taste you soon, Scar, I think I might go out of my mind." His gravelly voice came close to my ear, sending an involuntary shiver through me. Mace's lips came down gently just behind my ear. I felt rather than heard his deep inhale. "You always smell sweet, like cherries."

My pulse picking up speed at his hushed words, I murmured, "It's my body wash." Was I mentally challenged? That was the only thing that came to mind. He'd once again scrambled my brain with a touch and a few words.

God damn him!

"Mace, I need to wrap your side." Mace of course ignored me, his hands roaming up my thighs painfully slow. When one hand reached the apex of my thighs, brushing across my soaked panties, a whimper escaped my parted lips.

Mace groaned deeply from his chest. "So damn wet for me, baby. I need to taste you right now."

"We shouldn't do this here," I spoke, not sure who I was trying to convince.

His fingers moved my panties across, and one of his long thick digits parted my folds, swirling the evidence of my arousal around my cl*t in a torturously slow circle. "Mace," I whispered, not sure if I wanted him to stop or give me more. The moment his hand left my aching sex, his finger went to his mouth tasting my wetness. My body vetoed my brain and went with "hell f**king yes, more baby more".

"I'm gonna take you right here on this table, Scar, so every time you're sitting here working, all you'll be able to think about is coming apart on my mouth. Me f**king you hard, you screaming for me." His words tore a moan from my throat. "You want that don't you, Scar? You want me to drive my c*ck into you right here on this table."

"Please, Mace, please, I need it, now," I begged, panting, squirming to relieve some of the aching between my legs.

Mace abruptly stood, coming around behind me and spinning me so I was facing the table with him behind me. "Bend over the table." The commanding voice he used sent an electric jolt straight to my p**sy as he put his hand on my back, one at my waist, and bent me over, chest down to the red leather-covered tattoo table. He lifted my sundress and ripped my panties clean off, causing a flood of arousal from me. I was so turned on I couldn't think straight. I just needed him. I needed to come. Somewhere in the back of my lust-dazed mind, I realized we were about to have sex in my shop, not the most hygienic activity, but I just couldn't bring myself to give a damn.

Mace's fingers invaded my aching p**sy fast and hard, his other hand running slowly up and down my ass cheek. I became frustrated; he had two of his glorious fingers inside me perfectly still, not moving, I needed him to move like I needed to breathe.

Taking matters into my own hands, I started rocking my h*ps gently back and forward, even the slightest movement causing heat to bloom all across my body. Moaning and rocking, I started to move a little faster, Mace still running his hand across my backside. "That's it, baby, ride my fingers." His voice was heavy with desire.

Mace reached up under the front of my dress and pinched one pebbled nipple between his thumb and forefinger; at the same time, he made a come hither motion with the two fingers he had inside of me. "Oh, fuck, Mace, I'm-I...Oh..." I lost the ability to speak, my body afire, what threatened to be an all-consuming orgasm barreling toward me.

Mace moaned deep, his hand coming back to my ass as my walls started to contract. Rocking back and forth faster and harder, a quick sting came across my backside.

He'd spanked me. I'd never been spanked before. Holy shit, that was good; it was enough to send me free falling over the cliff into an orgasm like never before. Shouting out my release and stilling, Mace suddenly filled me with his thick cock, slamming in, prolonging the shudders wracking my body.

Sweet heaven above, I think I might black out.

Mace pumped hard and fast gripping my h*ps as I used the edge of the table as leverage, pushing myself back into his groin, meeting him thrust for thrust. Another orgasm tore through me as Mace thrust deep one more time and stilled, his c*ck jerking inside me as he came. Collapsing over me, one shaking forearm holding him up so as not to squash me, he groaned.

As my pulse slowed and my breathing returned to normal, thoughts rushed at me. I'd been spanked, never in my life had I been handled with such raw need and power during sex, and I f**king loved it. Mace knew what he was doing. He knew what he liked, and even more so, he seemed to be in tune with what I needed even if I didn't. He reached over, grabbed some tissues cleaning us up before pulling us both up onto the table. Tucking me into the side of him, with my head on his chest, his large muscled arm wrapped around my body and minding his new tattoo, I asked, "Did you hurt it?"

"Nah, it's good."

Lying in the aftermath of explosive sex with Mace somehow felt very right. My defenses crumbled even more as he held me in his arms running his hand slowly up and down my arm. If I was being honest, I really liked it-maybe too much.

Ah, shit.

My fingers running lightly over the intricate tribal ink of his chest, I'd not had time to study his previous artwork in the heat of the moment.

My hand stilled, running back over the black ink along his chest; something looked vaguely familiar about the lines and curves of his tattoo

Wait...was that? My fingers moved again, my eyes following their movements.

Spelling out the letters, he stilled, his body turning to stone when he realized I'd seen it.

A name, directly over his heart, how could I not have seen that? It was so intricately woven within the borders of the tattoo, you'd have to study it closely to see it.

Belle.

Who the hell is Belle?

Chapter Eleven

She saw it. I had hoped she wouldn't, but I should have known better. Scarlett was a tattoo artist for shits sake; it was her job to see what others didn't. I didn't know how to explain this to her. I didn't know how to tell her about Belle. How did you tell the person you're falling for about the only girl who's even been in your heart?

I'd just broken through; she just started opening up a little, and then I couldn't resist my sudden and strange urge to f**king hold her. I wanted her to know about my life, about my commitments. I wanted her to know me. That couldn't happen unless I was honest with her. Though that right there was the catch. If Scarlett knew about Belle, she'd run a mile. I was sure of it. I wouldn't expect nor ask her to stay once she knew the truth. One thing I had never been and never would be was a liar. I decided that if she asked, then I would tell. Just thinking about Scar walking away from me struck a pain in my chest and made my stomach knot up. I was into this girl more than I thought.

FUCK.

Scarlett sat up abruptly, throwing her dress back on sans panties that lay torn on the floor, and muttered quickly, "I should probably get this stuff cleaned up and I'll need to reapply your cream and wrap it."

Fuck it! Fucking hell! I could see she'd closed herself off again. She wouldn't make eye contact and was clearly in a hurry to get me to leave her alone. I had to do damage control; I wasn't ashamed of Belle's name on my skin, her permanent mark over my heart, but I was quickly realizing Scarlett meant something more to me than I'd originally thought. Thoughts crowded my head, memories and snippets of My Belle. Anger started to take root deep in my stomach; Scarlett wanted to jump to conclusions, didn't care to know who Belle was or what she was to me. Belle would forever be in my life, in my heart. It might not be an easy situation to understand, but it was a part of me. Reining in the overwhelming feelings, I sat still, staring down at Scarlett working on my side. I didn't care if she wanted to know or not, she was going to.

"Scar-"

Shaking her head, she cut me off. "It's not my business, Mace. It was fun, but I told you, I don't share. So, great, let's just move on, yeah?"

What the fuck?

She not only jumped to conclusions, but she'd decided I was a cheater. I didn't f**king think so. That tightly reined-in anger flared back to life. My jaw was ticking as I ground my teeth together, stopping myself from saying something shitty I wouldn't be able to take back. Instead, I ripped my wallet from my back pocket and pulled out a worn photo; its edges were frayed and the image was slightly faded from being pulled out and looked at so often. I put the photo down on the table in front of Scarlett who was packing things away. Her eyes lifted from the ink pots. She dropped the roll of paper towels she'd been holding, and picked up the photo looking back and forward between the image in her hand and me.

"Is she-?" The softly spoken question was left unfinished as she looked back up to me.

I nodded. "She's mine. That's Belle." Now came the hard part. I swallowed hard against the lump in my throat. "She died, almost three years ago. She was only two years old."

Scarlett's eyes dropped to my tattoo then to the photo of Belle still in her hand. "She's beautiful, Mace. She looks just like you."

I was immediately thankful she didn't offer her apologies. Sorry is such a shitty word, used too often for the wrong reasons. I didn't deserve or want her sympathy. Belle's death was all on me.

Taking the photo from Scarlett's outstretched hand, I noticed it was trembling slightly. I looked up to her face, a single tear falling down her pretty cheek. "Don't cry, baby; it hurts when you cry, especially for me" I reached up and wiped her tear away with my thumb.

"I hate that you've lost like that. I hate that it happened to you, to her." Right there I could see the pain in her eyes. Scarlett didn't pity me; she felt some of my heartache. Just like that, I fell a little more, for all that was Scar.

I could see the questions running through her mind. Scarlett might play the tough, "nothing can take me down" chick, but everything she felt played across her face. I'd opened the can of worms and it was time to tell her all of it. The truth. I had dreaded the moment she would see me for what I really was, the reason my daughter was no longer alive. I reached forward, took her beautiful tear streaked face in my hands and gave her what I was sure was one last kiss. My hands framing her head, fingers splayed through the back of her soft hair, my lips touched hers whisper-soft. Pulling back slightly and leaning my forehead to hers, my decision was made. "Come and sit, there's a few things you need to know."

Chapter Twelve

Mace sat before me on the leather sofa of the break room wearing a look that could be described as nothing but loss. My heart hurt for him, for the little girl who was all him, just petite; her tiny little hands wrapped around his neck, faces pressed together smiling at the camera, so happy.

I hadn't wanted to ask what happened to Belle; it didn't seem right. Mace would tell me in his own time. That time had just come a lot sooner than I thought, and I wasn't sure I could handle any more of the pain that laced his voice.

"I met Belle's mother, Janelle when I was twenty one. We'd been introduced through some mutual friends and ended up dating for a while. She was sweet and thoughtful; she was the kind of girl I wanted to take home to meet Ma. We'd been dating for about eight months when she moved in with me; I thought maybe it was my imagination at first, but she seemed to change almost overnight; she started bitching. She would be rude to Ma and the girls when they stopped by the apartment. Snarky all the time and demanding. A few months of this, I'd had enough and I told her we were done. She'd had plenty of warning, but when I bit the bullet and decided I couldn't take any more and I was leaving, she announced she was pregnant.

"I stayed. At first, I wasn't sure if the baby was mine; we'd been really careful. I never slept with her without a condom. Even though we were in a fairly steady relationship, I never felt comfortable enough. I was young I didn't want to risk it. Janelle had shown me she was the kind of person to do anything, even play dirty to get what she wanted."

He paused and took a deep breath. I could see how hard reliving this was for him. His body was locked up tight.

"What do you mean 'play dirty'?" I prompted quietly. I already disliked this woman, to take advantage of such a kind loving family and treat them like crap.

"She had gone off her birth control, and I later found out was poking holes in the condoms in an effort to get pregnant, she knew I was ready to end things. Told me later it was her way of making me stay."

Mace's hands were holding his coffee mug so hard I thought it might shatter, his jaw ticking with anger. My own level of pissed off was very quickly heightening. How somebody could do that I would never understand-trick someone into staying-to have a child out of selfishness rather than love. "You stayed then?" I asked quietly.

Mace looked up at me searching my face for what I wasn't sure. "I did, for a while. Belle was about one when I left. I had visitation, and I couldn't have her fulltime because I was away for work weeks at a time, training exercises and shit. If I had stayed home, stayed with her-"

Mace's eyes where shining with unshed tears, my heart broke for him.

"While Janelle had her, she'd been drinking, more and more. I didn't know the extent of it. A few times when I would pick Belle up, I smelled booze on her breath; I mentioned it a few times, but it never ended well and I didn't want Belle to hear us fighting. I spoke with her when Belle was with my mother. She played it off, made me believe it was just a drink or a sip. I should have known better. I should have taken Belle from her then."

The pain is his voice was destroying me. I'd sworn not to fall for the man, for any man ever again. I realized I felt more for him than I should. That meant I was in big trouble.

"I was on my way home from a local mission. I raced straight over to Janelle's place to pick up Belle; it was my weekend to have her. I pulled up to Janelle's place and walked through the front door. Belle wasn't there so I went out back thinking she was playing in the sandpit. She wasn't." Mace took a deep breath and seemed to lose himself in the memory telling me his story like his own personal nightmare was playing out right in front of him. A broken look froze his face and his eyes glazed over.

"I looked around the yard, everywhere. When my eyes skimmed past the swimming pool, I spotted her. She was floating in the pool, face down, her hair spread out all around her. She wasn't moving. I rushed over to the pool and dragged her out, laying her down on the grass. She wasn't breathing. I needed to make her breathe.

My hands were pressing down over and over again on her tiny chest, trying so hard to make her take a breath. The feeling of her limp lifeless body under my hands, I kept going and going.

The fear of her not moving, not responding, it was tearing my heart apart.

The sounds she made every time I blew air into her mouth, it's a sound you'll never forget-it haunts you. Even as I willed her to take a breath, I knew...somewhere in my head I knew she was gone.

The ambulance arrived and took over for me... all I could do was stand there and watch as they tried to bring my little girl back

I was useless; there was nothing I could do to make her wake up.

The paramedics were everywhere. They injected her with God only knows what, shocked her. They tried so damn hard to bring her back, and all I could do was watch as she slipped away.

Her skin looked normal, her face like she was asleep

I just wanted to shake her. I kept repeating, "Please, baby, just wake up...I'm here, Daddy's here, baby".

They picked her up and moved her to a gurney in the back of the ambulance while I followed behind.

The entire ride to the hospital, I could see in the back window of the ambulance them trying-pushing on her chest, over and over.

When we finally made it there, they took her to a room. I was held back by the police who escorted me into a room.

I couldn't get to her.

She was all alone with strangers. All I could think about was, what if she woke up and didn't know where she was?

With nobody she knew.

She'd be scared.

Just as I jumped up to go to her, the door opened and the doctor came into the room.

The moment he stepped in, I fell to my knees. His face told me everything I already knew.

"I'm sorry. There was nothing more we could do," the doctor said, shaking his head slowly. "It's been two hours now. We're still performing CPR; however, there is no chance..." He took a breath and asked me the worst question I'd heard in my life.

"We-we need you to tell us if you'd like us to keep going?"

Doubts rushed through my head, did I tell them to give up on her?

Did I give up on her, or did I let them keep hurting her tiny body and let her go?

I took a deep breath looking the doctor in the eyes, pushing the final knife into my already destroyed chest. "Stop." I said. "Let her go. Just-just let her go."

The moment the words left my mouth, my world came crashing down on top of me.

I let my baby go.

I was escorted into the room where they'd worked on Belle. My hands shaking, feeling like I might vomit, there she was.

I looked across the room. She lay on a sheeted bed, her tiny face the only thing visible under the stark white sheet. Her pretty blond hair, now dry, fanned out around her angelic face. She looked like she was sleeping.

This had to be a bad dream; there she was...just sleeping. Even as I thought this, my feet refused to move. Ten long minutes of standing across the room, I managed to go to her.

I picked up her tiny little hand. The moment I made contact with her skin, the tears I'd been holding at bay fell down my face. She was cold. She needed another blanket. I looked around the room and spotted a thick blanket folded neatly in the corner and pulled it up over her body. I leaned down and kissed her forehead.

"I'm so sorry, baby. I'm so sorry. I wasn't there. I-I...oh, Belle baby, Daddy's so sorry."

I crawled up on the bed beside her, pulling her limp body into my arms, rocking her one last time. Singing her our lullaby, I kissed her tiny face and broke down."

He cleared his throat and squeezed my hand. Coming back to the present, he continued telling me about what had happened.

"I later found out Janelle wasn't just drunk, she was also high. Nobody was watching Belle. While my baby drowned, I was nowhere to be found and her mother was messed up."

I looked up at Mace's face, tears streaming down mine and his. The anger I felt toward Belle's mother didn't just move up a notch, it skyrocketed. If I ever laid eyes on the woman, I was liable to harm her, beat the living crap out of her. She didn't deserve the breath in her lungs.

Mace took a shaky breath and kept going; my throat clogged with emotion. I wasn't sure I could hear anymore, but for him, I had to.

"She was only a baby, Scar. My baby. I'll never forget the day we buried her. The tiny, little pink coffin holding her fragile broken body. You could see-you could see my Belle wasn't in there; her laughter, her inner light, it was gone. She was gone. The look on her face will haunt me for the rest of my life. Her little body so still and cold. Belle was such a happy girl. From the moment she opened up her eyes, until the very last time she closed them, she was wide awake loving the world.

"I'll never get to hold her again. See that beautiful smile, those bright blue eyes shining with laughter, her little giggles; she sounded just like a pixie when she laughed, a real life Tinkerbelle. She would light up a room just with a smile." At the memory, he gave me a pained smile.

"So many things she'll never have, never got to do. Her first day of school, a wobbly tooth, graduating, walking toward the man she would have spent her life with, having her own babies. I'm the reason she'll never get that. I'm the reason she was robbed of that. If I hadn't reenlisted, taken her from her mother, or manned up and married Janelle, taken care of them. Stayed. Just gotten home a little bit earlier...she would still be here. I'd still have my baby Belle."

"You can't do that, Mace. You can't blame yourself." It was final; my heart was broken, for Mace, for Belle. That was without a doubt the hardest thing I had ever listened to, and to make it worse Mace blamed himself to the fullest extent. It was shining clear across his face. It was in the tears he was shedding.

"I can and I will until I'm taken out of this world. It should have been me, Scar. I would give my own breath, my own life to have her back, but regardless, I can't bring her back. I didn't even get to kiss her goodbye. The day I lost Belle, I lost a part of myself, a part I'll never get back. I'll never be whole again. It was the end of everything I knew."

I couldn't hold back any longer. I pushed myself across the small distance and grabbed a hold of Mace. My heart tore wide open, and I needed to hold him to soothe some of his sorrow, to soak up some of his pain and take the burden from him, if only for a little while. He was a good man in an unimaginable, devastating situation. Losing a child was something no parent should ever live long enough to see.

Chapter Thirteen

I held onto Scarlett like she was the air I needed to breathe. For years my family had been telling me Belle's death was out of my control, but a few whispered words from Scar had taken a little bit of the pressure off my chest. Regardless of the things Scarlett could make me feel, I knew I wasn't good enough for her. I wanted her. God, I wanted her, but I wasn't good for her. She was sweet and caring, had a good heart that shone brightly. She wasn't a needy bitchy woman; she was straight to the point, sexy as all hell and funny. She shouldn't be tainted by the likes of me and my past, the blood on my hands. She didn't know the half of it. Even as I held her in my arms after talking about Belle, I knew eventually she would have to know about the rest.

Belle was the tip of the iceberg; the only part of my broken heart that had good memories attached. Scarlett would soon learn about the reason I stepped away from my career; the mistake that I made that left good men dead and families devastated. The fact I was still in Belle's mother's life. Any one of these things might be what drove her away from me, and protecting Scarlett was the only thing on my mind, even if it meant protecting her from me.

Somewhere during the last week, she had dropped some of those walls down and I wasn't about to ruin the progress in one fell swoop. I didn't want to destroy this by laying all my shit bare. I needed her for as long as I could have her.

Scarlett cleaned up the shop and shut down the lights, locking the doors behind us as we left for her place. I wanted this woman in my life. I just wasn't sure if it was fair to her. I was torn about how to deal with my feelings for Scar.

A few minutes later, I pulled my truck into Scarlett's drive, cut the engine and followed her inside. The house wasn't extravagant, just a simple, inviting place you could relax. The large open plan living areas were filled with sleek furniture that was comfortable looking. Markers, pencils and sketch books lay on the coffee table, framed photos littered the room: Scarlett at different ages and poses, some her and Teeny, some just her and a few with an older man who I assumed was her father. I noticed none of her mother; in fact, she had never spoken of her before, a topic for another day.

The sun had set hours beforehand, and with the earlier mood of the evening, we'd both opted for a movie. Scarlett came into the living room with a bowl of popcorn and two cans of soda as I was putting a disk in.

"What'd you pick?" she asked putting the popcorn and sodas down.

I pulled her by her hands, flopped down on my back, setting into the deep folds of the couch, my head on the cushions, and grabbed her waist, pulling her on top of me hip to hip. My one hand palmed her ass, while the other gently pulled her cute, confused face toward mine. "Don't know. Didn't plan on watching it, babe." My hand slid up the back of her thigh under her tiny sundress and flicked her cl*t ring driving the point home. Her eyes became hooded, her breathing hitched, and she whimpered before I kissed her hard and deep. We spent the next hour making out like kids while some action movie played in the background.

When the movie finished, Scar took my hand and dragged me toward the bathroom. Stripping us both, she turned on the water, stepping into the chocolate and cream tiled double shower stall. By the time we were done with soapy sex and washing each other, the water had cooled. We toweled off and slipped into the large king bed. One thing I had learned early on about Scarlett was she slept nak*d, which suited me perfectly. Not much could feel better than her perfect, soft inked flesh pressed tight against mine, spooned behind her, my hand splayed across her taut stomach. As I drifted toward sleep, I swear I heard her whisper a barely audible, "Don't break my heart; I don't think I could take it".

I said nothing laying there in the dark, holding the very thing I had been unconsciously looking for. Feeling all kinds of conflicted, I realized I was pretty f**king certain I was falling in love with her, yet deep in the pit of my stomach, I knew I didn't deserve her or her heart.

Chapter Fourteen

It had been ten weeks of sleeping beside each other at least a few times a week, getting to know one another better, sweet kisses and scorching hot sex. We hadn't been without disagreement. Scarlett was stubborn and hot headed. She wasn't used to being taken care of; it was something she was slowly getting used to. She might have come across as a hard ass, but she could be sweet, and she was damn cute when she got mad about shit. We'd learned a lot about each other. She hated pickles, this was after her and Teeny had overdosed on them as kids. She was terrified of spiders-something I had found hilarious after finding her screaming and standing on a chair, her shoe in her hand pointed like a sword at a tiny black spider a foot away from her on the floor. I'd gradually added bits and pieces of my crap around her house as the weeks went by, a toothbrush here, a shirt there, my favorite coffee mug in the kitchen.

We spent most of our free time together, dinners out, movies, long Sunday afternoon drives in the Cobra. I'd even taken her to the cemetery to visit with Belle. We were damn near perfect together. For every funny moment, there was a serious one. For every argument we had, there was hot-as-shit make-up sex. We balanced each other out. Although on occasion, I had to find inventive ways to shut her rambling moody mouth up. Not that I'd ever complain about it.

A small murmured, "Morning" was the only clue to Scar being awake. I kissed the trail of tiny butterflies that started behind her ear and ran down her neck and over one shoulder, one hand palming her breast, the other roaming her warm body. With the tips of my fingers and my tongue, I traced her tattoos starting with the wings running the full length of her back. The morning light shining around her made her look like an angel. Goosebumps broke out over her skin from the barely there contact against her nak*d flesh. I made it to the very lowest part of her back before I introduced my teeth, nipping at the perfect creamy orbs of her backside, drawing a gasp from her; moving lower, I ran my tongue through her slick folds with a groan as her sweet juices coated my tongue and lips.

Ignoring the disgruntled noise she made when I moved away, I rained kisses along the backs of her thighs then turned her to her side licking, kissing and nibbling her hip and ribs on my way back up. I paused momentarily at the tattoo on her ribcage, a flowing red ribbon encasing words that rang so true it caused a sharp pang in my chest, 'Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future'. I continued up her body, and over her shoulder. Tiny nips driving her crazy, she rubbed her soaking wet p**sy on the thick muscle of my leg trying to find friction to give her any kind of release. My c*ck throbbing, I leaned my head to her breast and sucked the pert rosy nipple into my mouth, biting down gently and soothing it with a swirl of my tongue. Her back arched off the bed as her hands came to the back of my head holding me there on a long moan, her chest rising and falling quickly with short choppy breaths. The sexy little noises she was making in the back of her throat had me walking a tightrope; my dick was so hard, it was almost painful. I lifted my head, looked up at her face, her eyes hooded, biting her lip and asked, "What do you want, baby? Tell me what you want."

She planted her heels in the bed and moved quickly taking me by surprise. Next thing I knew, I was on my back being straddled by a very nak*d and aroused Scarlett, smiling smugly down at me, her hair forming a curtain around us. "You, just you, Mace."

Fuck, she was sexy.

Clearly, she thought she had the upper hand. I was willing to play her game but not before showing her who was really in charge. My hands started at her knees running slowly up her legs to her waxed folds, tugging on her magic little ring, setting off her orgasm as she screamed out and ground down on me causing a deep growl to tear from my throat. I gripped her h*ps and lifted her slightly. Grabbing my c*ck in my hand, I rubbed the tip between her folds. Knowing just how wet she was, I pulled her down hard and fast, impaling her and almost coming the second her walls clamped tight. My dick pulsing, I held her still. "Don't move, babe. You feel too damn good." The second I had it under control, I lifted her to the tip and drove her down hard again. She gasped, head thrown back, then righted herself, hands in her hair and found her rhythm which was enough to drive me outta my mind.

Slamming down onto me, grinding and rolling her hips, the room filled with our moans, groans and gasps. A slight sheen of sweat spread across my skin as my balls drew up tight ready to shoot off like a rocket, when I felt the beginnings of her second orgasm. "Mace, oh God, fuck, harder! Fuck me harder!" she yelled out.

I flipped her to her back and drove in hard and fast. "Fucking love your hot little cunt, babe. Gonna come in you."

"Mace!" she screamed my name as her tight body clamped down on me. Her orgasm ripping through her body, back arched up, she was f**king perfect.

"Urrgh, Fuckkk!" I bellowed as I emptied myself into her still contracting core.

I collapsed down onto her, holding myself up slightly, my face buried in the crook of her neck. Breathing heavily, I gradually came down from the most explosive sex of my life. I realized it was different this time; the sex was out of this world, but there was more of a connection there. Something in me clicked into place, and I was no longer just pretty f**king certain, I was without a doubt, completely f**king sure, I was in love with Scarlett.

Chapter Fifteen

The last of my walls came crashing down around us. There was no point fighting it anymore; it was useless. Regardless of my efforts in keeping feelings out of it, I had to go and be stupid enough to fall in love. Love only leads to heartbreak; I'd seen it on more than one occasion and felt it myself. I just had to hope to hell that Mace was careful with my scarred heart.

Still hovering over me, he lifted his head, rising up slightly on his arms. He peered down at me, a look in his eyes that told me his emotional state wasn't so far off mine. My eyes travelled down his sexy ripped body. Mace's skill was outta this world, insane good. I'd never had a partner who knew exactly how to touch me. Every single time was crazy-extreme, hot-as-hell sex. Even when it was slow and sweet, it was still intense. He'd taken everything I thought I knew about men and shifted it on its axis. The way he could drive me from mad as hell to sweet and soft, then straight into animalistic need, blew me away.

Lying there with Mace encasing me, felt good. Mix that with thinking about said skill and the fact he was still half hard inside me, my body kicked into gear again. I was more than content to stay in bed with him all day, but I had appointments. Looking over at the clock, I realized there were still a few hours to get to the shop. I lifted my head and licked at his nipple; the shining metal barbell provided too much temptation, and I knew the effect it had on most people. I wasn't disappointed when I flicked it a few more times and pulled gently with my teeth. Mace groaned, the vibrations sending a wave of arousal through me. One more little tug and he was as hard as nails again. I proceeded to make good use of his generous reaction until it was time to get out of bed and get to work.

I was getting pissy at myself. All day, my thoughts were constantly drifting to Mace. I was being a girl. I hated being girly-all those weird things they do, like mooning over dudes, yeah, that really wasn't me. I kinda hated how much I loved him; it was a bit sickening. But I was really looking forward to tonight, drinks, shooting some pool at Bob's. I was still limiting myself though; I didn't ever plan on puking all over Mace again, or anyone else for that matter.

Closing time couldn't come quick enough, especially for the fact my day consisted of one tattoo and four piercings, one of which was on a smelly guy's junk, not at all pleasant, and a chick who literally came when her n**ples were done. Twice. One orgasm for each nipple; it was awkward to say the least.

Once the store was locked up, I made my way to the bar. My baby rumbling under my ass, the engine purring as I pulled up out the front, I saw Mace waiting for me by the front doors. I needed to put time aside to bathe her and give her some attention, before she started feeling neglected. I f**king loved my car. Before I even had my hand on the door, Mace appeared. He reached in and pulled me out. Taking me by surprise, he pushed me back against the door, hands on my ass and laid a scorching-hot wet kiss on me. Before I even realized it, we were full on making out against my car. Mace lifted his head and rather than saying hello he said in that low deep raspy voice, "Gonna f**k you hard over the hood of that car, babe."

That idea sounded more than good, and I was so damn turned on I was about ready to make it happen right there in the public parking lot. God, Mace had me hooked. I couldn't get enough of him.

He helped right my clothes, taking a moment to get ourselves under control. Then we made for the front doors of Bob's. Taking in the fairly packed bar, I spotted Teeny, Trip, Remy and Mace's best friend Jude gathered around by the pool tables. As we made it closer, the tension was palpable from Teen and Trip mostly. It occurred to me, I'd been so wrapped up in Mace, literally and figuratively, that Teen and I hadn't spent a lot of time together. I had been a shitty-ass best friend.

I did know something was going on with the two of them. She'd let it slip over drinks a few weeks back. Time to find out exactly what the hell was going on there. Not one for beating around the bush, I came straight out with it. "What the fuck's goin' on between you two?" A look of guilt crossed Teeny's face. Trip looked down at his overly-interesting boots and Mace choked down a laugh behind me. "Out with it then, don't f**k with me."

Trip looked up and I pinned him with a look that said I was far from screwing around. "Nothin', we're good. S'all good, right, Teen?" Trip mumbled without looking her way.

"Oh, we're mother-fuckin peachy, honey," she replied in a fake peppy voice, glaring daggers at the back of his head before stomping off toward the restrooms, shoulder barging him on the way past.

Oh shit. I squeezed Mace's hand that was wrapped around my hip and took off after her. Teeny wasn't one for drama, so this had to be something serious.

"Teen, babe, what's up?" I asked when I found her standing by the sink washing her face.

"I'm fine, Scar. Really, I'm okay."

"What? You are so full of shit, but fine. You don't wanna talk about it now? We won't, but you will. Soon. Tomorrow night, girls' night at your place, right?" She looked up at me put on a forced smile and nodded. "Let's go get you a strong drink then." I grabbed her and drew her in for a hug

"I'll pass on the drink. I'm not feeling great." Thinking nothing of it, we left the restrooms and made our way back to the guys.

An hour later, I was slightly buzzed sitting in the booth beside Mace. Jude had left a while ago having to get home to his eight-year-old twin boys, Jordan and Jaxson; their mother had ditched them and ran off with Jude's boss when they were just four. I had a world of respect for Jude being a single father; he clearly loved his boys and would do anything for them. The chatter from the table was mostly between Mace, Remy and Trip. Teeny was unusually quiet and I was too busy jumping between watching her and trying to ignore Mace's wandering hand.

His large hand sitting at the edge of my skirt started its path again, slowly creeping up my inner thigh to the edge of my drenched panties; a small rub then it was gone again. His calloused fingers against the smooth skin of my legs were driving me mad. I knew what he was up to though, this was payback for the theatrics I'd pulled at his welcome home dinner. It was his turn getting me back. But I had other plans; I wasn't about to let him win. The next time his hand crept up, I reached down and showed him just what he was doing to me. I slid his index finger through my wet slit and had to bite my lip so as not to laugh or groan at the tortured sound that came from his throat. Smirking to myself, I let go. I had expected he'd move his hand and leave it be.

I was wrong.

Oh, f**king hell!

Mace's long thick finger entered me in one quick slide, before he pulled out and did it again, sending the throb in my core into over drive. Why the hell did I never come out on top? He always one upped me. His finger continued slipping in and out as he added a thumb to the mix, rolling it over my cl*t in slow torturous circles, flicking every few rotations at my piercing. God, help me! I was going to come at the table across from my friends in a jam packed bar. I should have been mortified, but all I felt was turned on and a little naughty.

I was trying hard to control my reaction, but the fact Mace was fingering me while having a normal conversation sent red hot need flowing through me. It was all I could do not to moan. The moment my h*ps started involuntarily shifting, Mace stopped moving, his fingers still planted deep inside me, the heel of his large palm against my mound. He tilted his head down to mine and through gritted teeth whispered, "You want me to make you come right here in front of everyone, or you want me to take you over the restroom sink and f**k you dirty, babe?"

My breath caught. I loved when he spoke like that. The way his voice had dropped to almost a growl, told me if I reached over, I'd find him hard, throbbing and waiting. "Bathroom. Right f**king now," I whimpered, biting his ear lobe.

He pulled his hand from under my tiny skirt, all but picked me up and made for the rest rooms, which we found to be all in use with long lines. I was about ready to pull a few bitches out of the way by their crappy hair extensions. "This way," Mace started walking swiftly toward the back of the bar; clearly, he was in just as much of a hurry as I was.

He pushed through the back door and into the dimly lit alley. Looking around, there was nobody in sight. Quickly, he pinned me to the brick wall, lifted me up, his arms under my legs, hands holding my ass, spreading me open. The warm night air gave no relief to the heat coming from my flushed skin. At the perfect height, I reached down to his jean-clad erection, running my hand over him. A deep moan vibrated against my skin where he was nipping and kissing my neck. I released his angry, rock-solid hard-on from his jeans, lining him up at my entrance. Before I could do anything more than marvel at the feel of him heavy in my hand, he thrust his h*ps forward violently, driving into my slick p**sy.

Fuck me!

Mace pounded into me, hitting all the right spots, my back rubbing on the abrasive brick wall, his hands kneading my ass. All the touching and torture at the table meant that I was so close to losing it. A moan ripped up from my throat as he grabbed the back of my head. His hand fisting in my hair, he pulled, exposing my neck. The slight stinging at the roots of my hair sent a throb directly to my cl*t making me gasp.

"Fuck, babe, you feel so f**king good, all the damn time. Watchin' you tryin' not to come on my hand, knowin' what I was doin' to you while everyone was around. God! Fuck! I need you!" At his raw words, my orgasm tore through me, my back arching. "Oh, shit, Mace, I-holy fuck!" I yelled out, seconds before he pumped hard into me one final time. On a roar, he stilled and spilt himself deep in my still contracting muscles.

Panting and shaking, I rested my head on his shoulder as he pulled out and zipped up. His come ran down my thighs as I righted my skirt. I could only imagine what my hair looked like; that and the flush of my skin would make it clear what we had been up to.

Mace stopped us at the door before going back inside. He leaned down and gave me a slow but no less scorching kiss, leaving me as per usual breathless. Pulling back, he slapped me on the ass as I headed toward our table while he went to grab everyone another round from the bar. Trip looked from me to Mace then back to me again, a smirk on his face as he asked, "What were you doin' out the back?"

Getting nailed against the wall by your brother.

Figuring he wouldn't let me hear the end of it if I confirmed, I simply mumbled, "Forgot to lock the car." Trip looked at me, pointed and burst out laughing. "Shut up, you fool!" I chastised light heartedly, just as Mace got to the table; he leaned around Remy and punched Trip, corking his arm

"Keep laughin', you give her shit, and I'll break it next time," he joked.

My joking mood was abruptly cut short when I looked up to see tears in Teeny's eyes. She quickly pushed her way out of the booth, mumbled a few goodbyes and took off out the front doors. Trip's head snapped up and he took off after her.

"What the hell is that all about?" I asked Mace and Remy. Mace just shook his head. Remy looked back to me "They've got something going on. Teen was shooting daggers through him most of the night. The boy's got problems there if you ask me."

Curiosity was getting the better of me, along with the fact Teen never hid anything from me. I wanted to know what the hell had gotten her so upset. Obviously, it was about Trip, or he at least knew what was happening. Tomorrow night couldn't come quick enough.

Chapter Sixteen

"Teeny fill you in on what's goin' down?" Lying in bed wrapped around Mace a few days later, warm, nak*d and sated after a morning of mind-blowing sex, my body was still limp as his hand ran lightly up and down my back. "No, not really. She's over the top emotional, but keeping the details locked down. It's buggin' me though. Teen isn't like that. She always tells me what's goin' on. I'm really worried," I told his chest where my head was lying.

With a kiss to the top of my head, he quietly suggested, "She'll be fine, babe. Whatever it is, she'll tell you when she's ready. Just give her time, yeah?"

I rolled off him onto my back staring at the ceiling. A smirk crossed my face. "I hate it when you're right, you know!" There was a small tension in the air, but I'd put it down to my concerns for Teeny; that was until Mace spoke again.

"Scar, I-I need to talk to you about something, without you getting the wrong idea." That whole sentence put me on edge. What the hell could be so damn important he needed to start off like that?

My stomach knotted up. I turned my face to his. "Okay, so talk." Best to get it out there now, right? He looked nervous, like he wasn't sure how to tell me whatever this thing was, and that was in turn making me nervous.

Shit.

He held my hand in his, resting them on his chest where I could feel his heart beating out of control. "I have to go away for a few days and I can't say where, but I won't be gone long." Relief washed over me. That was it? That was his big confession? I burst out laughing. Mace looked at me like I'd lost my mind.

"Mace, you should know by now I'm not some needy bitch. You gotta go for a few days, fine. I'll see you when you get back. You have a phone. I have a phone. There's this thing people do called texting. It's where you-" Cut off mid-sentence by hard warm lips, my libido kicked in; the whole mood shifted from joking to serious.

Mace shifted so he was above me. He looked down at me like I was the most precious thing in the world. His hands framing my face, he leaned down and softly kissed my lips. Pulling back slightly searching my face, he whispered, "I love you, Scar."

My breath caught at the intensity shining in his eyes. The way he was holding me, imploring me to understand just how much he felt, left me almost speechless. "I-I think that maybe I've loved you for a while now." His face moved to my neck, raining small kisses across my skin. From there, he proceeded to make love to me, slow and sweet. It was like nothing I had ever felt before. My heart was at bursting point. Afterward, he laid beside me, holding me, kissing me like he was about to lose me. I was so overwhelmed, I might have thought to be concerned. Looking back, I probably should have been.

Mace had been gone two days. Two damn days and I hadn't heard from him, not one measly text message. I hadn't realized how lonely I was before he came along. I'd officially turned into some kind of pining cock-whipped bimbo. I missed him and not just the great nak*d sexy time, but waking up with him, spending a lazy Sunday cooking, and making out on every possible surface-some that weren't so possible.

I'd kept myself as busy as possible in the shop and spent some quality time with Teen; she still hadn't told me much, although she assured me she was perfectly fine. She looked better and seemed a little perkier, though not quite her normal self. But I knew Teen like I knew myself; she would tell me when she was ready and there would be no dragging it from her until then. I'd just finished up with a client and had the rest of the afternoon free when my cell vibrated with a message from Teen.

Goin' to Comida's, wanna come?

Comida Del Cielo was a little Spanish cafe about an hour's drive away. It was a once in a while place because it was such a long way to go for their out-of-this-world strawberry rhubarb empanadas, filled pastry turnover, deep fried and served with the yummiest chocolate sauce; it was worth the effort to go there. I figured why not and told her to pick me up at the shop.

"Remy, I'm heading out with Teeny. You good here without me?" I yelled toward the front of the shop.

"Sure, Trip's in real soon anyways. Take your sulking ass out and stop buggin' me," he smiled. Poor bastard. He'd had to put up with me and my sulky mood that was only made worse when Mace hadn't contacted me since he'd left. Standing in the doorway waiting, I was about to throw a smart-ass retort back when Teeny pulled up and beeped her car horn, yelling out the window, "Let's go, bitch."

What felt like hours later, we were walking into the Cafe laughing and joking. When I looked up, my stomach dropped. The laugh on my lips instantly died and I gripped Teeny's arm.

Sitting at a secluded table in the back corner was Mace, with a stunning blonde. What the hell? He was supposed to be away for a few days, hadn't contacted me and I found him an hour away with some broad draped all over him. She was leaning down with a barely-there shirt gaping open at the front exposing way too much boob, whispering close to his ear as she ran her hand down his arm seductively. They were sitting far too close for it to be an acquaintance, and I knew full well the skank wasn't family.

I don't f**king think so.

"Scar. Hey, what's wrong?" Teeny asked. Adrenaline was pumping through my veins, anger started to bubble up within me realizing Mace had lied to me and I'd just caught him red handed. Teeny followed my gaze to where they sat and gasped. "Wait, sweetie, it could be anything. Maybe an old friend, family, anything. Don't go in there guns blazing, calm down."

Teeny was right I needed to take a breath before I went over there and kicked his ass; she wasn't even convincing herself. "Teen, I'm going over there," I warned. She picked up my hand, gave it a squeeze, and in true best-friend style, took up the rear, following me to the offending table and most likely my doom. I might have been a little dramatic.

As I approached with dread and an equal amount of fury swirling within me, Mace looked up. The color drained from his face and he opened his mouth to speak. Before he could get a word out, I asked, "How was your little trip? I see you made it back fine." Guilt flashed across his face.

Blondie took that moment to pipe up. "Excuse me can't you see you're invading on our private conversation?"

Teeny clearly couldn't hold her tongue and said just what I was thinking. "Who the hell do you think you are? You have no idea who you're talking to, this is his girlfriend," she spat, pointing to me.

"Oh, I know exactly who she is. Macey filled me in on the garbage he hangs around when he isn't with me," Bimbo snarled.

Teeny instantly bristled. "Listen here, you bleach blonde bimbo, take you dodgy-ass hair extensions and your slutty anorexic face the f**k away from me."

The entire time Mace sat there like a stunned idiot spluttering, not getting a word out, clearly shocked at being caught out.

Bimbo turned and smiled sweetly. "Mace, you clearly haven't told her about me? That's really no surprise now is it. You always were ashamed of our relationship."

Oh, hell f**king no. Just-No!

I wasn't about to do this, not here, not now. My chest was tight. I felt sick to my stomach; bimbo clearly knew about me. I told him I didn't share, and the bastard was-well I didn't know what the hell he thought he was doing, but whatever it was, it ended right f**king now.

"Right, well then, Mace, I have to be going. Don't bother coming near me again. I'm not down with that shit." I turned and made my way back to the car, Teeny right on my heels, and Mace yelling after me as I went. I turned and flipped him the bird as Teeny reversed the car. My heart breaking just as quickly as we raced off down the street.

Chapter Seventeen

"Shut the f**k up, Janelle," I snapped at her stupid whining voice. Right at that moment, I loathed her. I shouldn't have lied to Scar. I knew that. I just wanted to sort out Janelle and her stupid-assed bullshit, and all I'd succeeded in doing was f**king everything right the hell up.

FUCK!

I sat there like some moron while Scarlett got the wrong idea, and while Janelle ran her mouth. I was too shocked to do anything, and now I had lost the only Goddamn thing good in my life. What a f**king idiot!

"I don't know what you see in her. She's covered in ugly-looking tattoos. Her hair is disgusting and look at how she was dressed. Yuck! You have so much better taste than that," Janelle snarled like the catty bitch she was.

"Janelle, I warned you I told you to shut it. You of all people have no right to tell me anything about my life or my choices."

She gasped and threw her hand to her chest in poorly-faked offence. Just as quickly, she changed gears pasting a sugar-sweet fake-as-hell smile on her face and cooed, "Fine, when you come to your senses, you know I'll be right here for you, Macey." I hated when she called me that.

Standing there looking down at the woman who had made my life hell for more years than was necessary, it suddenly occurred to me Scarlett was right. I was holding onto blame for something I would never have been able to control. I was allowing Janelle to keep me feeling guilty and I'd had enough.

I needed to go after Scarlett. I needed to fix this cluster-fuck situation, and I needed to once and for all sort this shit out with Janelle. Only, I had a time limit with Scarlett. I knew I had to find her quickly and explain. Explain everything.

I raced out to my truck ignoring the incessant nagging from Janelle as she followed me carrying on like a banshee, screaming cursing, throwing accusations that made no sense. Shit, how did I put up with that whining voice for so damn long? I jumped in the cab, started the engine and took off like a bat outta hell to get my girl back. Praying every second of the way I wasn't too late, and Scar would give me time to explain. In my rear view mirror, I could see Janelle standing on the sidewalk, her arms flailing about, obviously still making a scene. Crazy bitch.

Two hours later, I had driven across town twice, checked her parlor, the pub, Teeny's place, her place and everywhere else I could think of. Nothing. I'd called her at least two dozen times, texted her even more than that and had no replies. The messages I'd left her had now filled her voicemail box full. After exhausting all avenues, I sat on her back porch waiting for her to come home or call, text me back any damn thing. Knots filled my stomach as my head filled with thoughts. What if I've lost her? What if she's had an accident? What if she never comes back? Just as I was about to take off and drive around looking again, I heard a car pull into the drive. I jumped out of my seat and raced to the front of the house as Teeny pulled out and took off.

Scarlett tried to shut the door in my face, but I jammed my booted foot in the way and pushed past the door as she took off up the stairs, me hot on her heels. The fury on her face spurred me on. She was mad as hell. Mad was good. I could work with mad. Tears from her I couldn't do. The only time I'd seen her cry ripped me apart.

"Scar, wait let me-"

"No! You don't get to explain shit." She cut me off yelling.

The anger made me take a step back before carrying on. "Scar, come on, stop. It wasn't what you thought." Oh fuck. Wrong choice of words; her face was getting redder.

"Fuck off, like I haven't heard that line of bullshit before!"

I took a deep breath. "Babe-"

"Don't you dare call me that! You have no f**king right to call me that. In fact, you have no right to be here, so get the f**k out!" Her hands shook with rage as she opened and closed drawers pulling clothes out.

"No, I'm not leaving until you listen to me, dammit!" I started to get angry. She needed to stop and listen to me. I wasn't going to let her give up on us over a stupid mistake.

"Fine, a**hole. I'll leave." She grabbed her bag and stormed out, heading to the carport. I snatched the bag out of her hand and threw it to the side; she kept going, making it to the car with a few quick strides.

"Listen to me," I roared. "I won't lose you over Janelle and her bullshit."

"Janelle? That was-" Her anger faded slightly.

"That was Belle's mother, babe. There are things I wasn't honest about. Things I should have told you, but I didn't want to blow my chances of having this." I motioned between us with my hand. My confession seemed to ramp up her mood again.

"Well, clearly, you forgot to mention you were still screwing you ex!" she yelled.

In a deathly-calm voice, I looked right in her eyes. "Stop right f**king there, Scarlett. I'm not f**king her or anyone else for f**ks sake!" I took a deep breath, blowing it out on a sigh and continued. "She wanted money."

Scarlett blinked, trying to understand my words. "Money? Why the hell would-"

I cut her off and rushed out, "Because I've been supporting her since Belle died, before Belle died."

Clearly confused, she asked, "Why would you be doing that? I understand before, but why now? And why didn't you just tell me that's what you were doing? Why the big f**king secret? You couldn't be honest with me?

Then I got pissed again. How dare she! "Why couldn't I be honest? Don't stand there and make out like you've been completely forthcoming with me!" I snapped. "Not once have you told me shit about your past, not even when I ask you. You just up and change the f**king subject."

She stilled "I-My past isn't important. Nothing important happened to me."

"Oh, the hell it isn't. Tell me, Scar. Why do you automatically think I'm cheating? Why are you always so closed off? And why the f**k were those walls so damn hard to break through?"

"Don't you dare talk to me about being closed off! You haven't been in a hurry to share anything except Belle, and that was only after I saw her name on you. You're such a f**king hypocrite."

My eyes snapped to hers, "You wanna know, Scar? You want it all? Here it f**king is!" I leaned in closer. "Me. All of me, laying myself bare".

"That's not what I'm asking for, Mace." She leaned into my chest. I got the impression just offering had melted her slightly, though she was still pissy. That and the way her tits moved with each heavy breath was making me hard as hell. Probably not the best time for it. I shifted so my body lined up with hers. My lips against her neck, arms around her, I asked, "Still mad at me, babe?"

"Yes, I'm still mad," she said, sounding like she was trying to be but failing. "You lied to me."

"I did and I'm sorry. I was trying to sort it out without involving you. I won't lie to you again." Pressing kisses to her throat, my jeans got considerably tighter.

"Just so you know, now I know what she looks like, the next time I see her, I'm gonna kick her ass," she whispered on a small moan.

My head snapped up. "Why would you want to do that?"

"Mace, you need to understand. She hurt you, and she's laid all this blame on you. Blame that isn't yours to carry. That pisses me off, and she's obviously still doing it for you to keep supporting her. I won't pretend to understand the bond you two have, so if you ask me not to knock her on her ass, I might listen. But get this, I love you. She hurt you, is still hurting you. Belle's death was never your fault, Mace."

She was pissed at Janelle; she was pissed for me. She still f**king loved me. My dick twitched. This woman would be the death of me. Just when I thought I'd figured her out, she surprised the shit outta me. I turned us so her back was to the hood of her hot car. Putting my hands under her ass, I lifted her to sit on the front, me standing between her legs. A startled gasp came from her as she gripped my shoulders and asked, "What are you doing? I'm still mad at you."

"I'm gonna f**k you right here. You being pissy but still caring about me turns me on so much, I can't even f**king see straight." My hands made quick work of her tiny cut off shorts and holey tights. I ripped them down her legs taking her bright purple heels with them. Tossing them all in a heap over my shoulder, the off-the-shoulder shirt came next, leaving Scar sitting on the hood, legs bent at the knees and spread in two tiny scraps of barely-there black lace. She was panting heavily and turned way the f**k on. The sight of her like that had me ripping my shirt over my head and moving in fast.

I need her. Now.

"Hope to hell you're ready to go, baby," I mumbled as I dropped to my knees, grabbed behind her legs and pulled her to my face. Pulling the side of her panties across with my teeth, I ran my nose along her glistening slit. The smell of her arousal had me eager to taste her. I licked down and stiffened my tongue, pushing it into her heat. Fuck, she tasted good. I looked up to see her head thrown back, lips parted, breathing heavy. Her hands behind her, she braced herself as her h*ps ground down riding my face. She was so damn sexy; my c*ck was throbbing. I was torn between pounding into her sweet cunt and the sight of her f**king my face.

I moved my hand down and flicked at her cl*t ring causing her to gasp and grind harder. Little mewing sounds came from her as she got closer to release. If she kept it up, I was going to embarrass myself. Her hand came up and she pinched her nipple, ripping a groan from me. I moved to her cl*t and suckled hard. At the same time, I shoved two fingers deep into her swollen p**sy. She went still for a second, then exploded, her juices flowing down my hand, her head thrown back screaming my name. Scarlett laid back on her car, coming all over my hand, was the sexiest thing I had ever seen.

I stood licking my fingers clean, popped the button of my jeans and released my painful erection. "Turn around, babe," I demanded in a rough voice. "Gonna f**k you hard now, baby."

With a whimper, she moved on wobbly legs and turned until she was on all fours, ass in the air. Palming my rock-solid dick, I moved forward and pulled her down until her feet were on the ground. Her arms were out, bent clear over the front of the car, and my hand came down on her ass cheek, a soft slap that left one perfect red mark. She whimpered and thrust back looking for contact. I rubbed the head of my c*ck through her soaking folds and slapped again. Her knees going weak, she let out a long drawn out moan.

"Mace!" she called, she needed me inside her, needed me to f**k her just as much as I needed it. I knew I would lose it as soon as I hit that warmth, so I had to ready myself. "Gonna cum on you, baby. Gonna make you mine, Scar, and then I'm gonna f**k you." She turned quickly, causing me to take a step back as she dropped to her knees in front of me. She latched on, suckling hard at my throbbing cock. One of her hands snaked down to her cl*t where she worked herself into another frenzy.

"Fuck, baby, fuck, suck it!" Red hot need flowed through me at the sight of her f**king herself and sucking me off. Both of my hands came up and grabbed her head, my fingers lacing through her hair as I f**ked her sexy mouth into oblivion. Scarlett moaned around my shaft coming once again as I pulled out and blew my load all over her pretty tits.

Watching as she looked up at me, she ran her fingers through my cum then bought them up to her mouth, moaning in pleasure at the taste. She stood, tugged gently on my nipple ring and bent over the hood of the car again. "I need you, Mace." She pushed her fingers through her wet folds and groaned.

"You want it, babe? You got it," I said as I grabbed her h*ps and slammed home. Fuck, she was so wet, primed from the previous two orgasms. I pulled back and pounded in and out of her tight heat. Reaching forward and tweaking her n**ples, I leaned down further and gently bit her shoulder. As she screamed my name, her p**sy clenched my c*ck making me roar as I came hard and long, in one of the most mind-blowing orgasms of my life.

Chapter Eighteen

After shucking off his jeans and boots, Mace picked me up, one arm under my knees, one behind my back, and carried me upstairs to bed. After the crazy sex downstairs, I couldn't make myself be angry if I tried, and I couldn't try because my body was as limp as a noodle. Angry make-up sex f**king rocked. He collapsed onto the bed with me still cradled against his chest and leaned down to kiss me gently. "Scar, I wasn't trying to hurt you by keeping things from you. I just didn't want to scare you off. I love you. I want you in my life, but my life is a shitty place to be, babe, and I don't want my shit to flow onto you. You are the only good thing in it."

His warm body pressed against me, and his whispered words made me melt. How could I go from mad as a cat with turps on its ass, to all soft and melty? I couldn't understand the logic; there wasn't any; it was simply the way Mace affected me; some things couldn't be explained. "I don't really care, Mace. Your shit's, my shit, right?"

That made him smirk and answer, "You have a dirty mouth, babe. Need me to fill it again?"

I laughed and slapped his arm while his own body shook with silent laughter. "You love my dirty mouth, especially when it's wrapped around you."

He stopped laughing and teased, "Now I'm hard again thinkin' about your mouth. See what you did?" Mace asked as he grabbed my hand and wrapped it around his impressive length that was indeed hard.

Warmth flooded me as I looked down to his hand covering my small one moving slowly up and down his shaft. Our gentle fondling turned into another heated round of sweet lovemaking, followed by a long shower. I couldn't help but touch him when he was nak*d before me; his body was a work of art. All hard lines and smooth skin. If his reactions were anything to go by, Mace was of the same mindset. Every inch of my skin had been traced by his tongue, and I mean every inch, repeatedly.

Wrapping the big fluffy towel around me, my stomach rumbled letting me know I'd missed lunch. Mace must have heard it. His eyebrow cocked. I simply said, "Food," and walked out of the bathroom toward the kitchen.

Later that night, curled up around each other on the sofa still nak*d after lunch was interrupted by Mace taking me across the kitchen table, then again on the floor in the living room while trying to put a movie on, needless to say I'd given up on clothing. I was comfortable tucked up tight against Mace under a soft throw blanket, tracing patterns on his taut stomach, realizing this was exactly where I belonged.

"I hate cheaters," I blurted, taking his attention away from the game on TV. "My mother cheated on my father for years. She hurt him." Mace looked down at me with softness in his eyes, waiting on me to finish. "My last relationship, well, he cheated on me too. And not just once, but repeatedly. The whole time we lived together, he had been sleeping with I don't know how many people from the time we got together. For two years it happened and I was oblivious to it." Still avoiding his face, I kept my gaze on my hand resting on his chest. It still made me feel stupid to have not known. "I never thought it would happen. I never thought I wouldn't know I felt-still feel stupid for not seeing it for two whole years. I swore I wouldn't let anyone in again. Then you walk yourself into my shop and my world tilted on it axis. Even then, Mace, I didn't want to let you in." I ended on a whisper.

Mace lifted my face with one finger under my chin. Looking into my eyes, he leaned down and gave me a chaste kiss. "I'd never cheat on you, Scar. He was a moron to throw what he had with you away. Kinda glad he was a dick though. Means I got you, and babe, I ain't gonna let go."

Well, if I didn't already love him so damn much, I think I would have fallen right there and then.

After a few moments of silence, Mace must have figured it was time to share as well. He put his arms around me, almost like he was holding me in place in case I ran away.

"Janelle calls every month for money. At first, I didn't question it; I just gave her whatever she asked for. I felt like I owed her. Her loss was the same as mine. If I had been there, she wouldn't have been drinking or drugged up maybe. Anyway, she needed it, so I gave it to her. It took about six months until I realized she was just using it for her next fix or booze. Once she admitted it, I cut the cash flow off and just started to pay her bills, rent, electricity, gas, anything that came up. She called again early this month and told me she needed to meet with me." I stayed quiet this time. I had plenty to say, but I wasn't sure I could say any of it without showing my anger, and I didn't need to do that, especially when Mace was opening up.

"I met with her and she told me that she owed some serious drug dealers a heap of money and had nobody else to ask, besides I owed it to her." I bit down hard on my tongue so as not to lose my boiling temper. "I went to sort out her latest mess and found out she owed more than even I had, $10,000. I can't help her even if I wanted to."

"It's not up to you any more, Mace. What happened to Belle wasn't your fault; I'll say it until I'm blue in the face if I have to. IT. WASN'T. YOUR. FAULT." I sat up running a hand through my long hair, aggravated.

"I know that now," Mace whispered, looking down, his hand on the back of his neck, elbows resting on his knees.

My face must have shown my shock at his words because he rushed on. "I know that now because you've made me realize I couldn't have changed what happened. I wasn't there. I couldn't be there when it happened, and I sure as hell never thought it would happen. I have you to thank for lifting that suffocating guilt."

I jumped onto his lap and kissed him hard and deep, holding him to me "Baby, it wasn't your fault. None of it was."

"There's more, Scar, more I have to tell you and I want it all out. No more secrets between us. I don't want anything else in our way."

I nodded my head once, how much worse could it get, right?

Chapter Nineteen

Here goes f**king nothing. Shit!

"You know I was in the Special Forces, and you know I'm not anymore. It was my choice to get out. The last mission I was on...It went bad. Real bad. The tour was almost over when it happened." Scar looked at me cautiously but didn't say a thing. "We pulled over to dismantle a roadside bomb. I was leading twelve men that day and only six came back without any physical scars. I was driving the first truck with Jude and four of my guys. Ace was driving the second rig. He pulled in behind me and took his guys to dismantle the bomb. I should have checked it. Ace missed the second trigger. Exactly twenty seconds after he finished with the wires, the bomb detonated."

My mind took me back to the day it happened. As I explained the scene, I found myself slipping into my own memories. It played out before me like a vivid picture show. It took me back there. I still felt the heat. I still heard the sounds. My head throbbed and my chest ached.

"My stomach pitched as everyone hit the ground. A loud boom then screaming was all that could be heard." I felt Scar's gaze on me so I went on. "Half the unit was in the direct path of the explosion. I hadn't checked Ace's work that time. What was f**ked was that I did on occasion, and I'd done it so many times before that I trusted him. I should have checked. All it takes is a noise or sight of something to get distracted."

The memories consumed me. "I started barking out orders and leapt into action, bile rising in my throat as I took in the horrifying scene before me. Half of my twelve-man team was down. I swallowed down the vomit that threatened to come up as the adrenaline coursed through me. He had missed the fact the bomb had a secondary timer designed to kick in after the bomb was disarmed."

I snapped out of my daydream and shook my head to clear it. My body ached as if I was back there. "If I was more alert, doing my job properly, I would have saved six men that day. I could have spared the families who now live in a world of torment without their loved ones."

Scar's face had softened as she said quietly, "Mace, baby, you need to stop taking shit. It wasn't your fault. Some things just aren't within your control."

Rather than arguing about it, I figured I'd just keep quiet and snuggle down on the couch with my girl while watching the game, thinking I was damn sure this was as close to bliss as I was ever gonna get, and it was a hell of a lot more than I deserved.

Just over a week later, I washed quickly in the shower, knowing that Scarlett would be on my case if I didn't hurry up. We weren't officially living together but we may as well have been. I was always at her place. The one time I wasn't there when she got home from work, she'd stomped over to Trip's place and gave me an earful that ended with her being bent over the couch and being shown just how much I loved when she was pissed at me.

It was her fault in the first place that I was needing a shower. Her hot body sashaying through the front door when she got home from work was enough to make any man drop to his knees in awe and worship. And I was just the man to take on that challenge. I worked her p**sy fast and hard only moments after she'd dumped her bag on the kitchen counter. I had a new found fondness for the black granite kitchen countertops after our hot-as-hell quickie. Her sexy bright green high heels wrapped firmly around my ass as I pushed myself hard in and out of her tight little body was incredible. Beyond incredible. Her perfect ass sitting at the end of the counter. Definitely, a place we'd have to revisit.

I walked into the bedroom after my shower and stopped dead in the doorway. The towel around my waist did nothing to curb the effect of Scarlett bent over, sliding her tiny feet into a pair of sexy heels, ass in the air with only a tiny scrap of black lace hiding what I knew was the tightest, hottest piece of tail I'd had in my life.

She turned and stood facing the mirror, putting her hair into some kind of twist. Her back was to me. She was wearing a vibrant purple and black corset, those barely-there panties, and now four-inch black satin pumps which had my already rock-hard c*ck throbbing. I just couldn't get my fill.

"Mace, honey, if you don't hurry, we're going to be late," she said softly, looking back at me through the mirror.

I took three long strides towards her, palmed her sweet luscious ass and I pulled her back into my raging hard-on. Although I knew she knew what I was about to tell her, I felt the need to let her know where we were on the timeframe. "We're gonna be late, babe," I growled. My voice filled with vicious need. I just had to have her immediately.

The crook of her neck called to me, and the smell of her cherry body wash gently assaulted me. Resting my face firmly on her neck, I flicked my tongue and tasted her sweet flesh which in turn caused her knees to weaken slightly; her hand reached out to the dresser to steady herself. A moan escaped her plump lips as her eyes fluttered closed. One hand still palming her ass, the other coming around the front, I ran my hand softly across the swell of her br**sts that were spilling from the elaborate corset. She pushed back and ground her h*ps against me.

This woman was going to be the death of me. It wasn't natural to want somebody as much as I wanted Scarlett.

"Trip's gonna kill us," she huffed as I opened the passenger-side door to her car. I don't think she realized it, but as soon as Trip or any red-blooded male got a look at her in that outfit, they'd understand just why we were half an hour late to the damn party, but I wasn't about to point it out to her. She'd just get in a snit and make me wanna screw her seven ways from Sunday again. I reached into the back seat and removed Trip's elaborately wrapped gift shaking my head, a new Tattoo gun wrapped in blue metallic paper tied with black skull print ribbon. Where the hell do you even find ribbon with skulls on it? And what guy needs a bow on his shit?

I reached around her and pushed the door to the restaurant open, holding it until she was through before following after her. We hadn't even gotten ten steps into the balloon filled function room before the family descended. "Balloons. Well, f**k me, aren't you a big boy now. Did you get a new sipper cup and pacifier with your pretty little party?" I laughed, giving Trip a one armed hug.

"Fuck off, a**hole." He smiled and took his gift from my hand before moving in on Scar throwing a wink at me and telling her, "When you're done slumming it with that douche, you come see me, babe."

Teeny walked over, grabbed Scar's hand and dragged her away without acknowledging Trip at all. His eyes on her the whole time, I nudged him and asked, "What the f**ks that all about?"

He snapped his attention back to me and rubbed the back of his neck. "Dunno what you're talkin' about."

"You ain't fooling anyone, little brother."

"She's just bitchin me out. I don't even know what the f**k I did to piss her off." Trip looked so confused it was almost funny.

"Ma really outdid herself with the party crap, huh?" I wasn't in the mood to wade in on his shit, so instead of listing the hundred things he probably did wrong, I changed the subject. Looking around at balloon-tree things placed all over the room, streamers hanging from the ceiling and confetti strewn across every surface, I shook my head in silent laughter. There was even a giant Harley Davidson shaped cake on a table in the middle of the room. Ma was renowned for forgetting we were grown men not little boys anymore.

"She gave me a party hat when I walked in; you know those ones she had when we were five?" I nodded laughing outright at the image of Trip wearing a pointy birthday hat with elastic under his chin.

Scarlett walked up at that point and handed me a cold beer. "Nice party, Trip." She smiled as she leaned in close as my arm wrapped around her. I dropped a kiss on the top of her head. In true Trip style, he poked his pierced tongue out, turned and stomped off. Scarlett turned fully into me, raised up on her toes and kissed the side of my neck still laughing at Trip's child-like display.

My body jarred, startling us back to reality with the force of two small bodies colliding into my legs. "Uncle Mace, you're here!" Jordan my godson and one of Jude's twin boys yelled.

"Hey buddy, where's dad?" I asked, letting go of Scarlett and bending a little to talk with the boys. Jaxson I noticed was eyeing Scarlett up.

"Right here. I can't keep up with these two. Hey, Scarlett. You gotten smart yet and left this a**hole?" Jude said as he walked up looking flustered, no doubt from running around after two full-of-energy eight-year-old boys. Jude was a single father after the twins' mother had taken off when they were just two years old. He'd been my best friend since grade school when we had a fight over a girl-that was our first and last argument. He was genuinely a great dude, and I hated that he and the boys were alone. He did the best he could, but he had to be lonely.

"Very funny, laugh it up," I replied.

Jaxson the quieter of the two boys leaned in close still watching Scarlett, who was now embracing Jude in a hug, and whispered, "She's pretty, Uncle Mace. I like her."

This made me smile. Jaxson was usually reserved when it came to new people, unlike Jordan who right then didn't bother whispering, just walked right up to Scarlett, pulled on her hand, looked her up and down smiling big and loudly said, "You're hot, and you have big ones. My Uncle Mace likes big boobs. Don't you, Uncle Mace?"

Scarlett and I both burst out laughing while Jude went a whole new shade of embarrassed red and chastised Jordan. "You can't say that shit, kiddo"

"Why not? You said she was hot I heard you. You told Uncle Trip she was hot, and Uncle Mace was a lucky B word," he asked, genuinely confused.

"Shit, sorry Scar. They hear every word you utter when you don't want them to, but ask them to take out the trash, they suddenly become deaf." He clamped his hand over Jordan's mouth and apologized looking at Scarlett.

"Don't worry about it, Jude, really. You have two of the most handsome little guys."

Jordan looked up, pulled his father's hand and smiled, making his dimples pop out. "Hear that, Dad? She wants me." This started another round of laughter and Jude shooing Jordan off towards the party food. Jaxson followed quietly behind him still watching Scarlett with a look of wonder on his face.

"Think someone has a crush on you, babe." I laughed, watching Jude try to wrangle the boys without any injuries or more embarrassment.

"They're cute kids. Jordan's clearly not shy. Jaxson has beautiful eyes though." He did, big bright green eyes that took in the world. He paid attention to everything from the moment he was born.

"You wanna help me watch them next week? I promised Jude I'd take 'em for a night."

"Sure, how much trouble can two little boys be?"

"Famous last words, babe," I chuckled. She had no idea just what she was in for. Jaxson might be quiet at first, but that quickly changed once he let you in.

We had spent the better part of the night attached to each other. It didn't matter where we were or what was happening; I felt calmer when she was in my grasp. Hearing her laughing and joking was just a bonus. Scarlett grounded me, took away all my worries with just the touch of her skin to mine.

We said our goodbyes and headed for the parking lot. Scarlett snuck her hand into my pocket and retrieved her car keys. As we approached, she stopped dead in her tracks.

"What the fuck!" she yelled and stormed over to where I had parked the car. My great mood vanished the instant I took in the sight before me.

Fuck!

Chapter Twenty

My car!

It had been vandalized. All four of the tires had been slashed, my windows smashed out and scratch marks all down the sides, deep enough that you could see the silver underneath. My stomach dropped the second I saw it; the tears that threatened to fall, now slid down my face. My baby! Who the hell would do this? I didn't have any enemies.

Mace's strong warm arms wrapped around me as he stepped up behind me and took the keys from my shaking hands. He kissed the top of my head and passed me off to Trip. Apparently, my yell had drawn a crowd from the party. I watched as Mace took out his cell and called somebody; he moved a distance from me so I couldn't make out his words, but it was clear that they weren't nice; the scowl on his face told me he wasn't happy with whoever he was speaking to. After a few more moments, he hung up the phone, came back over to us and Teeny took over holding me up while Trip and Mace inspected the car.

"It'll be okay, Scar. We can fix this," Teeny told me, handing me a tissue from her oversized bag. "You do need to call the police though and a tow truck."

"Tow truck is on its way, so are the police" Mace took me back into his arms and held me tight to his chest.

A little while later, the police arrived and took statements. Luckily, the restaurant had surveillance. The police would look over it to see if they caught the a**hole that vandalized my poor car. The entire time through the questioning, Mace had been quietly standing with me. Once finished, he walked off with an officer. They had a quick conversation; immediately, I felt like something was off. He was mad as hell but there was something else.

He made his way back to me and asked, "You need anything outta the car before they tow it, babe?" I shook my head in the negative before he turned and handed the driver the keys to my car with specific instructions to deliver it to a body shop I'd never heard of.

Teeny waited around while everything was taken care of waiting to drive us home. I hadn't gotten close enough to get a really good look at all the damage, but my baby would be off the road for a while-at least a few weeks. Fuck it! I couldn't believe somebody would do something so low. I had stopped crying and shaking, but then I was just mad and a little sad. The car could be fixed, yes, but all that ran through my head was the hours of hard work I had put in with my father.

Leaning against Teeny's car waiting for Mace to finish up with the tow truck, she asked, "You okay, sweetie?"

"No, they went after the one thing that means the most to me, Teen. My car was the last thing I had left of my dad. It was ours," I told her. Turning to get in the car as I slid into the back seat, I noticed Mace had been standing behind me, a hardened look on his face.

Outside my house, I waved Teeny off as Mace opened the front door and dumped my handbag on the front table. I walked inside, spun around and asked, "Why have you been so quiet? Talk to me."

He shook his head. "I'm damn sure it was Janelle who f**ked your car up, babe."

"Why would she even do that? What did I do to her?"

"It's the kind of bitch she is, babe. This is about me, not you; I told you I wouldn't let my shit affect you. This is my shit, not yours." His voice was so low I almost missed it.

"Don't let her do that to you. It's just a car, Mace. It can be fixed" I felt the need to make light of the destruction, even though it broke my heart and cut me deeply. I searched his face. Dread filled me. Something was wrong. Really wrong.

He grabbed me and kissed me gently, holding me close in his arms. There was a sadness in his eyes I didn't quite understand, almost as if-no, he wouldn't. I opened my mouth to speak when he cut me off.

"I'm a walking tragedy. Everything I touch turns to shit. I don't want that for you, Scar." He swallowed hard, turned and walked out the front door, leaving me speechless, watching after him and hoping this was some bad joke.

Mace just left me.

I felt the tears trickle down my face. The lump in my throat making it hard to swallow, I crumpled to my knees.

Chapter Twenty-One

"Get your stupid good for nothing ass off that fuckin couch right now, a**hole!" My head snapped up from the cell in my hand.

"Fuck you! What the hell's your problem?" Trip stormed in the house and slammed the front door, the only warning I got before he started yelling. Trip moved in close and put his face in mine. "You did this to yourself. You had a good thing with her, but you f**ked it all up the ass. Now, you've either gotta live with it or fix it."

One of the hardest things I'd done was walk away from Scarlett. Leaving her was like sticking a knife in my own heart. Trying to stick to my decision was almost as hard it was tearing me apart. The days she was angry were easier. Seeing her stomping around slamming doors, blasting angry music, I could deal with that. The days she came and went looking as broken as I felt, were hard to watch.

"I can't fix it; she's better off without me and my shit."

"So find Janelle and get it sorted out. She's made your life hell for too many years. She's the reason you're messed up, blaming yourself for Belle, taking your money, which by the way, is total f**king bullshit. Now, you're just going to let her take from you again?"

"It is my f**king fault Janelle went after Scar!" My temper flared. I was gripping the beer in my hand tight enough that it might explode at any moment.

"Your fault? How the hell is any of this your damn fault, you moron?" he hissed, his finger pointing into my face.

"It f**king is! It's my fault because I cut Janelle off. I stopped the cash flow and told her I was done. I wasn't supporting her anymore. I wanted her out of my life for good. She threatened to make my life hell and she has. I can't find her to put a stop to it, and she isn't answering her cell. The safest thing to do is stay away from Scarlett, for her own good." I knew Janelle would retaliate; it was the kind of bitch she was, but I never thought she'd take it out on Scarlett. All I wanted was to start a life with Scar, make her happy. I wanted that happily ever after. With her.

"You can't control everything, Mace. You need to accept that, and Scarlett wanted you regardless. She loves you. That's hard to find, brother. Don't give up on it".

"I do know. I just don't want to be the reason she gets hurt," I told him quietly.

"Well it's too fuckin' late for that." Wait! What? I had no idea what he was on about. The thought something had happened to Scarlett crossed my mind. I instantly jumped up grabbing him by the shirt.

"What do you mean too late? Fuck. Is Scarlett hurt? Why didn't you say something?" I yelled in his face, pushing him out of my way and making for the front door. Blood rushing in my ears, a sharp pain in my chest at the thought of Scarlett hurt.

"Stop, you idiot! She's not hurt like you think." Stopping dead in my tracks, I spun around, adrenaline still rushing through me.

"Spit it the f**k out before I beat it outta you." My conflicting feelings were turning me into an ass and I knew it, but that didn't mean I could do a whole lot about it.

Trip let out a sigh, running his hand through his Mohawk. "She's had shit happening. The other day, I saw her entire front garden was ripped out. I know she didn't do it. She broke down at work. Scar doesn't cry, Mace. I held onto her while she lost it. She's really hurting."

"I'm doing it for her own good; do you think I want to hurt her?" Flopping down on the couch I held my head in my hands. I couldn't keep doing this to either of us, something had to give.

"That's not all. I just went over there when she didn't show for work this morning and she sounded like shit on the phone. I found her hung over an empty bottle which was smashed up on her back deck. There's graffiti all over the place. I'm not talking a little bit, Mace. The entire back deck wall was covered. Even the word 'slut' in huge ass letters. It's a mess, dude. She's a mess".

"Come again?"

"I think there's more going on with Scar than she's telling me. She didn't want anyone to know what's happened. Look, she's a grown woman, but she's still Scar, She's like a little sister to me and you know that. I'm really worried she's in trouble. She won't let anyone help. Shit, I had to sneak up on her to find out what little I did."

My anger flared, blood roaring in my ears "I-I didn't know. Why isn't she telling anyone anything? I balled my fists holding the rage in "Why the f**k hasn't anyone noticed anything?" I had to stop myself from tearing the hell out of the house and breaking everything in sight. I felt the heat in my face, the veins popping in my neck as I barely held it together. "Calm the f**k down, dude. She won't. One, she thinks she can handle everything on her own; it's all she's ever done. Two, you-you screwed her over." Trip sighed. "Look, she sort of let on that because you two spilt, she's not inclined to share with me. I gotta say that pisses me the hell off. I love that girl. She's just as much family as you and the girls, and you've f**ked that up."

Sighing with frustration, I looked earnestly at Trip. "Something just doesn't feel right, man. I think I made the wrong decision; it wouldn't matter what I did, Janelle was gonna f**k this up"

Fuck me! I knew I should've heard from Janelle by now. I gripped the back of my neck feeling the muscles there tight with worry and stress; she hadn't contacted me for money. She should have by now, even though I'd cut her off. I knew she wouldn't give up until she got what she wanted.

Fuck this shit.

"I'll need your help then," I told Trip, my decision made.

"With?" he asked, eyebrows raised at my sudden determination.

"I need to get my girl back, don't I!"

"'Bout fuckin time, dickhead," he said, a giant smile spreading across his face. "What you got in mind?"

Chapter Twenty-Two

It had been a few days since I had my falling out with Trip. He seemed to be keeping something from me. I supposed he was trying to hide the fact he'd told Mace about my meltdown.

I was standing in the kitchen, the sun streaming through the windows, sipping my coffee and glaring at his favorite mug on the dish rack. I was tired and angry. How dare Mace be so gutless and just leave like that! Frankly, I didn't give a shit if he thought he was doing the right thing or not. It was a spineless a**hole move.

He went and made me fall in love with him. He broke down all my freaking walls, which I'd erected high enough to feel safe again. And left. Just like that. Walked right out my front door.

The sleepless nights were getting to me. My mood swings were making me hell to be around, and I was sick to death of crying and being emotional.

Well f**k him! If he didn't want me, that was just fine and mother f**king dandy!

I stomped over to the dish rack, picked up his mug and threw it hard at the wall. The sound of the porcelain breaking was shrill, making my ears throb. Staring down at the broken fragments somehow made me emotional again. Those shards almost representing my broken relationship with the selfish man I loved. My eyes blurred as I leaned my hip on the counter with a shaky sigh.

I didn't need him or his stupid shit.

Dumping my own coffee into the sink, I made for the carport turning up Pantera on the stereo as I went. Pulling on my boxing gloves, I took my frustration and anger out on the floor to ceiling boxing bag, picturing Mace's face as I went. I pounded the bag harder with gritted teeth.

Take that, f**k face!

After an hour of punching the hell out of my bag, even with raw knuckles, I found no relief from the messed up thoughts in my head. I showered and dressed for the day, but before I did anything else, I needed to remove him from my daily life. I was a big fat bag of mixed emotions, and I'd had enough of being such a p**sy. I don't cry. I never did this squishy emotion bullshit. Stomping through my house with a box in my hand, I threw everything Mace had left behind into it. I sure as shit didn't need his crap lying all over the place making it harder for me. Sealing up the box, I took it to the spare bedroom and shoved it in the far corner of the closet.

Mulling over my situation, I busied myself downstairs tidying up, playing music and generally occupying myself. Everyday had been a struggle, working with Trip and not asking how Mace was; if he was suffering like I was, it was doing my head in. Living across the road from him and not storming over there to kick his ass for hurting me was killing me to the point I had been staying at Teeny's place some nights. That was changing. I wasn't going to be that girl, the girl who cried and sulked over an a**hole.

Unfortunately, the surveillance cameras hadn't gotten a good shot of whoever screwed with my car, which still wasn't fixed. The damage wasn't as bad as we first thought, but it was expensive. Thank God, I had good insurance. That wasn't the last of the vandalism though, a bunch of strange things had been happening. They were increasingly getting worse and I was beginning to get a little worried.

"Scar, where are you?"

"Kitchen!" I called out. Teeny had come round to stay the night with me. Along with the weird shit that had been happening, I had an increasing feeling like I was being watched. It was creeping me the hell out. I hadn't told anyone about the notes. I just thought it was Janelle stirring shit, but after the one I got just before Teeny showed up, I decided it wasn't just somebody screwing round; it was serious now.

"What's going on, hun?" she asked, plopping down on the bar stool at the kitchen counter and dumping her overnight bag on the floor.

I pushed the tray of nachos back into the oven and turned around. "I've been getting a heap of these weird letters. They're address to me. I get home from work and there's usually one under the door. Anyway, I wasn't worried about them until this one today. Now, I'm completely creeped out." I slid the letter over to her and watched as she read it. The color drained from her face as she put it back down.

"First of all, why the f**k haven't you told me about this sooner?" Teeny sat perfectly still; she may have raised her voice, but I knew full well the storm was about to hit.

"Well, you've got your own stuff going on and it wasn't a big deal. I mean, I know who's doing it and I can take care of myself." I turned, avoiding the evil stink eye she was giving me. Teeny had a special talent when it came to the stink eye.

"Since when do you keep secrets from me? When did it become okay to not tell your best f**king friend what's going on?" she screamed, slamming her hand down on the countertop.

"For f**ks sake, calm the hell down!" I snapped.

She was being a big f**king hypocrite right now and I was gonna call her on it. I leaned across the kitchen counter, my face right in hers. In a deathly-calm quiet voice, I told her, "You don't get to yell at me for keeping this from you. You, Teeny Louise, have been keeping a secret from me for weeks now. Care to share, or are you just going to continue spouting shit?"

Teeny's face visibly paled and she stammered, "I-I-it's just, I can't. You can't-I-"

"You know, I'll find out sooner or later, and you just ripped me a new a**hole for lying to you!"

A pained expression crossed her face before she blurted, "I'm pregnant. I'm pregnant, alright! That's my big secret."

I went completely silent. Unsure if I'd even heard her right. Teeny was pregnant. No, that couldn't be right. "You're pregnant," I muttered a little hurt that she hadn't told me before now. "You're pregnant and you didn't tell me." This time a little louder.

"I-well, I just didn't know how-what to do with it. I can't have a kid. At first, I wasn't even sure, but then-and well, you've been busy with Mace, and then you two broke up and...Yeah, I am." She babbled, looking nervous and scared all at once, definitely not happy about it.

"You're not excited? Does-wait, you haven't been dating anyone." Now I was just plain confused again. Teeny was far from being a slut. "Who?"

"Trip," she whispered, looking down at the bench. That one word rocked my world. A gasp escaped my lips as I bought my hand up to my mouth.

Oh shit.

"You can't say anything to anyone. Nobody else knows. I mean nobody. I haven't told Trip. I don't even know what I'm going to do about it." She rushed out, looking conflicted and unsure. So unlike my Teeny, it wasn't funny.

I rounded the counter and gripped her tightly against me. "Oh, babes, it'll be okay, I promise. We'll figure something out. Why didn't you tell me sooner?"

"I figured if I didn't say it out loud, it isn't happening and I'd have time to get my head together."

An hour later, still standing in the kitchen, we pulled ourselves together. I'd held Teeny while she had a meltdown, and she'd made me tell her everything that had been going on with me, about all the letters, the garden, the back deck, all of it.

"You called the cops yet?" she asked.

"No, like I said, I wasn't worried until now. There's only been a few stupid things happening since my car, but now, I don't know, I kind of feel like someone's watching me." A shiver ran up my spine at the thought.

"Right then, well, now we call them. This is serious, Scar. You shouldn't have waited this long. Where are the rest of them?" she asked as she picked up her cell.

"Upstairs. I'll get them." I raced up to my room to get the other letters I'd left on my dresser. As I walked into my room, I paused. Something felt out of place. Like it had been moved. It was strange. I was sure I hadn't left my window open that morning. Shrugging it off, I picked up the letters and moved to leave the room when something caught my eye from the open door of the bathroom. Terror filled my veins as I dropped the letters and let out a blood curdling scream.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Two f**king weeks. Two of the longest weeks in my life I'd been away from Scarlet. I was literally ripping my own heart out and stomping all over it with shit-covered boots. Even with Trip's help, I'd come up with sweet f**k all in the "get my girl back" playbook. I knew a simple apology wasn't gonna cut it, not for a hard ass like Scarlett. I was beginning to slump, my initial determination waning.

Trip walked in through the door and made a beeline for the fridge, leaving the front door open. He handed me a cold beer and flopped down beside me on the ratty old green sofa. "Did you do anything today except watch Scar's place?'

"No," I grumbled from my spot on the couch

"Holy shit, you showered! 'Bout fuckin time-you were starting to resemble a drunken bum," he mocked, sounding as shocked as if he'd walked in to find a stranger in my place.

I just shrugged my shoulders. Honestly, I didn't give a damn. I mostly stayed up in my room. I'd come down stairs every now and again to flick through the TV channels. Spending all my time watching Scarlett's house for any sign of trouble and thinking up ways to get her back. I had an opportunity to work for a buddy doing security detail, but I'd put it off indefinitely. I was lucky I had a good chunk of savings to fall back on so I could concentrate on Scar and sorting out my f**k ups before I went back to working. "Get your shit together, will you?" Trip snapped.

Even my little brother telling me off didn't stir much of a reaction. "Fuck off!" I answered

Trip opened his mouth to talk when a loud scream came from Scarlett's place. Without a second thought, I jumped up, ditching my beer and flew out the still open front door.

Blood rushed in my ears as I raced across the road straight into her house. Busting in the front door with one quick kick, I ignored the pain that shot through my bare foot following the sound of her screams. I needed to get to her. The sound of terror in her high pitched screams sliced straight through me. Instincts from years of running into dangerous situations kicked in. I scanned the house as I went; knowing I didn't have a weapon on me didn't halt my progress. I needed to find Scarlett, fast.

I took the stairs two at a time, Trip hot on my heels, and my stomach in knots wondering what we'd find, my body on full alert for any situation. Teeny's car was parked out front, so I knew she wasn't alone, but that could mean that both girls were in danger. I cleared the top step and quickly made my way into Scarlett's bedroom, my eyes scanning every inch. I found the girls both standing in the doorway to the en-suite bathroom, both visibly shaking and scared. I grabbed the girls by the arms and spun them into Trip, while briefly running my eyes over Scarlett to check for any injuries. Thank God, she appeared uninjured. That sick feeling in my stomach eased a little knowing she wasn't hurt.

My focus went back to the open bathroom door and what I saw shocked even me. Red blood like spray was covering every surface. The mirror above the vanity was smashed; a dummy, laid stomach down on the floor in a pool of red liquid, had knives sticking out of its back. Red writing spelled out on the white wall,

WATCH YOUR BACK, BITCH.

Janelle. I was about ready to lose my shit; I just had to get my hands on her first. Turning, I walked straight up to Scarlett pulling her from Trip's arms into mine. She didn't protest as I held her close. My body finally relaxed as I held her close. "Call it in," I told Trip who was already picking up his cell to call the police.

Not wanting to lose the contact I craved since I walked out the door, I ran my hands up her still shaking arms until I made it to her neck. Holding her face in my hands, I looked her in the eyes. "Take a deep breath, baby. It's a dummy, everything's okay." I ran my hands through her silky soft hair, feeling a calm I hadn't had in weeks. Just holding her in my arms made the overwhelming anger I felt subside. I pulled her close against my chest, again kissing her head. "Everything's going to be just fine, baby." I wasn't sure who I was trying to convince, but I wanted to hold her for just a moment longer. A moment was all I got before she ripped herself from my arms scowling up at me.

"What the hell are you doing here? You left. You left me and now you're here." She reared her hand back and swung wide, connecting with my mouth. I took it; it was the least I deserved from her.

"You mother-f**king p**sy! You f**king left!" She was pissed and hurt. I could see the tears glistening in her eyes as she started slapping at my chest. Seeing her like this was breaking my heart all over again.

"I told you not to hurt me! I told you not to break my heart, you f**king a**hole" Trip had taken Teeny out of the room after the first swing, both of them realizing we needed a minute and getting the f**k outta Dodge. The shit was well and truly gonna hit the fan.

I grabbed both her hands and dropped to my knees. Tears streamed down both our faces. "I left to protect you from my crap, Scar. I didn't want you in the middle of it all."

"Protect me? You wanted to protect me? I'm a big f**king girl, Mace. I can damn well protect myself!" she yelled at me, shoving at my chest

"It was my job to protect you, Scar, my damn job. And look..." I pointed toward the bathroom, "I couldn't do it even when I tried. I didn't want you to hate me."

"I want to hate you," she huffed angrily. All her anger melted into plain hurt as she sunk to the carpet on her ass. She whispered shakily, "This would be a whole lot easier if I could hate you."

I was a fool to think I could keep her. I had nothing to offer, apart from my heart, but living without her was without a doubt sending me crazy. I was a walking zombie, unable to sleep without her warmth pressed tight against me. The smell of her soap on my pillow, the bone deep cold of not having her in my arms. It was more than I could handle. It hit me all at once. I was done. I might never get this chance again. With Scarlett by my side, we could deal with anything Janelle threw our way, and it was crystal f**king clear, she was going to make life hell whether Scarlett and I were together or not.

"I'm sorry, Scar. I'm so damn sorry. I was wrong and I need you. I don't wanna be without you." I was manning up. "Let me be the man you needed ten f**king minutes ago, baby."

She looked up at me through tear filled eyes, "I don't think I can trust you anymore, Mace."

"Let me prove it to you. You'll never know until you give me a chance." Indecisiveness shone deep in her eyes. I reached out and cupped her perfect face in my hands and whispered, "Let me protect you, baby. That's what a man does for his girl. He protects what's his."

"I-I don't know that I can, Mace. I can't risk you hurting me anymore than you have." I would have been completely deflated if it weren't for the way she was looking at me. Scar hadn't completely given up on me. I wasn't letting her go again. This time, I'd do whatever I had to get my girl back, and when I did, I sure as shit wasn't letting her go ever again.

I took a deep breath and laid it all out for her. "I'm f**king miserable. I don't eat. I can't sleep. I need you, Scar. I thought I was doing the right thing by leaving, but I was wrong. I was so damn wrong, baby." She needed to understand just how serious I was, "I'm gonna prove it to you, one way or another. You still love me, and I won't stay away. I won't be without you anymore. Not ever again."

Just as she opened her mouth to say something, two uniformed officers walked in the room cutting our conversation short.

Chapter Twenty-Four

By the time the dozen or so officers and their hundred questions left, I was exhausted. Mace called in the troops within ten minutes of making a phone call. His mother and sisters walked through the door. Marcy set about making dinner, while the girls cleaned my bathroom within an inch of its life. I was convinced it had never looked so clean; it almost sparkled. Having Mace so close to me all day wasn't helping my resolve a whole lot. Neither was the fact he was acting as if nothing was wrong, being all attentive and sweet, touching me as he walked by, and dropping chaste kisses against my shoulder and head.

I came to a stop in the kitchen to find Marcy doing the dinner dishes, everyone else had left for the night. "You don't need to be doing that. You cooked," I told her.

"Oh, shush now, sweetie." Marcy cleared her throat "I actually wanted to talk to you a minute." Wiping her hands on the dish towel, she took a seat beside me at the table. I was momentarily taken back to the crazy-hot monkey sex Mace and I had on that very table, his calloused hands brushing across my n**ples, nibbling his way down my stomach. Marcy's voice drew me out of my thoughts. I mentally shook my head, a flush creeping up my neck.

"He really screwed up didn't he?" She didn't wait for me to answer, just kept going. "Men are idiots; I can attest to that. I lived with the biggest one for years." Smiling sadly to herself, she reached out and took my hand. "But don't give up on him, sweetheart. He knows he messed up. He's going to try his hardest to fix it, and he's like his father, so it's going to annoy the hell out of you. He won't give up."

"He did give up though. He gave up when he walked out."

Smiling, she squeezed my hand. "Oh Scarlett, don't you see? He was scared."

'Scared? What the hell did he have to be scared about? He had me. He had all of me," I quietly objected.

"Oh, baby, he's scared of you." Marcy reached up, cupping my face in her soft warm hand, smiling sympathetically. My skepticism must have shown clearly across my face. "He loves you. Whenever Mace has loved, it's been taken away from him. He's going to try to protect that love, baby. He'll just sometimes do it in a stupid way." I heard the front door open just as Marcy stood and quietly whispered, "You're his rainbow at the end of the storm."

I sat there dumbfounded for a moment. Mace's deep voice had my head coming up. Why the hell was he back here?

"Thanks for waiting, Ma. I'll see you tomorrow," he said before bending down to kiss her cheek. I moved toward the front door where Mace watched his mother get in her car and drive away. Looking down, I noticed a bag in his hand.

"What are you doing ?" I asked, hoping it wasn't what it looked like.

"Staying the night, babe," he answered, completely matter of fact.

Hell to the no!

"Like f**kery you are! I don't need nor want you to stay. I'm a big girl and I'm perfectly capable of being alone."

His eyes shone with amusement that I was really not feeling. "Suck it up, princess. I'm not leaving." He made his way round to the sofa, dropped his bag and shucked his shirt .

Crappity crap crap crap !

It was hard enough talking-or arguing rather-with Mace when he was fully clothed, let alone half nak*d. He walked past me to the hall closet where I kept spare pillows and blankets. Pulling out what he needed, he made up the sofa, clearly not listening to me.

I stood there staring like a twit, simply because I was. The sight of Mace sans shirt left me a drooling mute, even when he was pissing me off. Pulling myself together, I turned away clenching and unclenching my fists in an effort to calm myself down.

"I expect you to be gone when I get out of the shower," I threw over my shoulder, stomping off toward the downstair's bathroom. Not a chance was I stepping foot in the other knowing some creep had been in there.

Just before closing the door, I swear I heard him chuckle, "Game on baby." Something told me Marcy might be right; Mace was going to be an annoying jackass until he got his way. Question was, how long could I hold out before I forgave him?

I stepped out of the shower and reached for the lone towel I kept in the rarely used bathroom. Wrapping it around myself, I realized I didn't have any clothes down here. That meant I'd have to make a run for it.

Knowing my luck, I'd fall face first on the stairs.

Opening the bathroom door, I didn't bother to look around; I just made a mad dash for the stairs. Halfway up, I heard a laughing Mace yell, "I've seen it before, baby. I've licked and tasted every inch of your perfect ass. Run all you like, I'll catch you again."

I had no doubt he'd try his damndest to do just that too. .

Stomping my way back down stairs after I dressed in my ugliest pajamas, hopefully turning Mace off, I heard the shower running. Mace was in the shower and I'd used the only towel in the bathroom. Shit.

I ran upstairs as fast as I could to grab one. Apparently, I wasn't fast enough, because as I rounded the corner, he was walking toward the kitchen wearing nothing but a smirk. The pile of towels I had been holding dropped to the floor. My jaw slack, my eyes followed his very nak*d, very firm ass as he casually strolled to the fridge, opened it and pulled out a beer. Turning as he popped the cap, he cocked an eyebrow and asked, "You want one, babe?"

Void of any coherent thought, I just stood there gaping like a fish out of water.

"Take that as a no then." He scratched his chest and strolled by, dropping a kiss on my forehead as he passed. "Love them PJs. Love to take 'em off too, but I've gotta get some shut eye. Night, babe." Mace flopped down on the couch and got himself comfortable.

Forgetting about the discarded towel, I took my scattered brain and my PJs directly up to bed without a word. What the hell were you supposed to say to that?

I made sure the bathroom connected to my bedroom had its door firmly closed. Laying there tossing and turning for what felt like forever, I finally drifted off into a restless sleep.

Chapter Twenty-Five

I woke at the ass crack of dawn stretched out on Scarlett's sofa after a rough night's sleep. Waking at every sound had done nothing to cure the raging hard-on I was sporting. When I did sleep, I dreamt of Scarlett in every stage of undress. I dreamt of her in every position my mind could conjure up.

Reaching down, I took my rock-hard c*ck in my hand and began stroking, slow and steady with a solid grip. Picturing Scarlett on her knees in nothing but a strappy pair of gold heels, her mouth forming a perfect pouty O as she slid my length in and out of her mouth. My breathing and the rhythm of my hand increased as the scene played out in my head. Scarlett moving to a squat, her legs parted giving me a perfect view of her hand snaking down her flat taut stomach over the top of her bare p**sy, the gold hoop in her swollen cl*t clearly visible as she parted her lips and plunged two fingers deep into her sweet cunt, her moans sending shockwaves to my heavy full balls.

My hand picking up, twisting my wrist slightly alternating pressure as I fisted my dick, I felt the exact moment Scarlett walked in the room and saw me. The thought of her watching me pleasure myself was more than I could take. I opened my eyes staring straight at her and what I saw did me in. I could see her n**ples peaked through her tiny tank, her mouth slightly open and her chest heaving up and down; desire shone bright in her eyes. I hadn't imagined the sound of her moan.

Just as I was about to come, I opened my mouth and told her, "It's all for you, baby. Watching me makes you wet, doesn't it?"

The tip of her tongue peeked out and made a swipe across her top lip as my dick jerked in my fist as I came. "Fuck!" I swallowed back the need to go to her as my cum shot hot and wet across my stomach, seeping back around my hand and fingers. I took a moment to recover, watching Scarlett gripping the back of the sofa, still clearly turned on. I slowly stood, and on my way to the bathroom, stopped beside her, lifted my hand and rubbed one still-wet thumb across her bottom lip whispering in her ear, "You're welcome to join me next time. All you have to do is say the word, baby, and I'll blow down your throat instead." Her hitched breath and the sight of her sweeping up the taste of my arousal from her red bottom lip told me I was hitting my mark dead on.

My big plan to get Scarlett back was to plant myself in her life in every possible way until she had no choice but to give in. I knew she wanted what we had; it was just the idea of me hurting her again that was holding her back.

It was time to pull out the big guns and show her I wasn't ever going to hurt her again. She was mine, plain and simple and I didn't give two shits if she wanted to fight it. I'd fight harder to win her back.

"Stop laughing, get over here and help, or get lost!" I grumbled at Trip who was rolling around on the grass laughing. I'd spent hours sweating my ass off and listening to him giving me shit, but if this worked, it would be worth it.

"Sorry, dude, you're on your own," he said through his burst of laughter.

"Sorry-assed spoiled little shit. One day, I swear to God, one day you're gonna have to do something like this after you piss your woman off," I muttered, stopping to take a long pull of my cold beer.

"Not likely, bud. Don't need a woman and don't wanna keep one if this is any indication of what you gotta go through for a piece of tail," he said, nodding toward the large area I was working on.

"Shut up and pass me that box, moron. Besides, you know she's worth it, and wasn't it you who told me to pull my head outta my ass and fix my shit?"

Dropping the box at my feet, he smirked. "I said fix your shit, not hand in your man card!"

"My man card's still in my pants, now help me out before I beat your ass," I answered, throwing a pair of gloves at his chest.

"In your pants is the only place it'll be staying until she forgives your stupid ass too," he chuckled.

"So what's the big plan? I can't see Scar taking you back this quickly."

"Cheese," I said smiling at the plan I'd come up with after Scarlett left for work this morning.

"Cheese? Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think a dairy product is gonna help you." He looked confused.

"Tacky cheesy displays. I'm gonna annoy her into taking me back." A triumphant smile broke across my face thinking of all the ways to annoy Scar back into my arms.

"This could go bad, real bad. I'll help, but I'm staying clear outta Scar's way. I don't feel the need to get punched in the junk." He had a point there.

"You help me out, and I'll do all I can to save your sad excuse for equipment, dude," I said, smirking at him.

With the two of us hard at work, we managed to get my first plan done in no time. Standing back admiring our handiwork, Trip clapped me on the back and smiled. "Looks like it's go time. I'm out." I looked up to see Scarlett pulling into the drive.

Damn, I hope this works.

Standing back, I waited until Scarlett walked over to the edge of my masterpiece. Leaning in, I kissed her forehead as she looked around in what I could only guess was shock.

"What the hell is that?" she asked. I wasn't quite sure how to gauge her reaction.

"Flowers," I simply answered, my eyes flicking from the front yard to her face and back again.

"I see that, but why did you rip up half my front lawn to plant hundreds of flowers in the shape of a heart?" She was trying hard to look annoyed, but I could see the edges of her mouth tipping up.

"Well, because I wanted to get you flowers. This way everyone can see how much I love you," I answered matter-of-factly.

"You went out and spent a fortune on God knows how many pots of flowers, dug up half my front lawn, and planted them in a heart shape bigger than me? Because you love me and you want everyone to know?" she summarized, looking slightly annoyed. Damn, she was cute when she pulled the cranky face.

"Yep, I gotta get cleaned up. I'll be over a bit later, babe." Kissing her on the cheek, I took off toward mine and Trip's, leaving Scarlett staring after me.

Just before I made it to the other side of the road, she yelled out, "You won't be coming over, Mace, the door will be locked!"

I waved over my shoulder smiling at Trip sitting in the front window watching us with a huge smile on his own face, and yelled back, "Sure I will. We've got a movie to watch!"

Chapter Twenty-Six

"Honey, I'm home!" Uh, excuse me? Mace walked further into the house, threw a few DVDs on to the coffee table and made for the kitchen with a stack of pizzas in his hand and a grocery bag dangling from his fingers.

"You're not home. You don't live here, and how did you even get in?"

"I have a key," he smirked, dropping the pizzas down and dumping the contents of the bag he was holding onto the kitchen bench.

"Excuse me?" That's it. That was all I had. Where the hell did he get off? How did he even have a key, and wait, why all the food? "Why do you have so much food? There's enough junk here to feed an army." The bench was covered with more sugary crap and junk than anyone in their right mind could eat.

Leaning closer, he pecked a kiss on my shoulder and went about putting popcorn into the microwave. "I promised Jude I'd watch the twins, so the twins are coming over. They'll be here any minute."

"Excuse me?" What the fuck's wrong with me! My brain apparently went on a tropical getaway the moment Mace strolled through the door like he lived here. "What do you mean 'here'?"

"Here, babe. Like coming over for the night, here. You're alright with that, aren't you? I can call and tell the boys no. They were just so damn excited to see you."

Asshole!

He was purposely using the boys against me. He knew full well I wouldn't say no. I had a feeling he was up to something else too. Narrowing my eyes at him, I opened my mouth to tell him just that when the front door burst open with a flurry of activity. Jude stumbled in after the boys looking flustered and tired.

"Thanks for doing this, guys," Jude puffed out as the boys both ran full force into Mace's legs, knocking him back a step.

"No problem, Jude, have fun tonight. Boys, take your bags upstairs to the last room on the right and then we'll have some pizza." Mace had apparently told them they were sleeping here too. I wasn't about to be a raincloud, no matter how much Mace was annoying me with his take-charge attitude.

"Have a nice night, Jude; the boys will be fine, I promise," I assured him

"Not the boys I'm worried about, especially if that sugary crap is for them," he chuckled, nodding to the pile of snacks on the counter. "Anyway, good luck, and I'm outta here before you guys change your minds."

Jude said goodbye to the boys and took off so fast it was almost comical. While Mace sorted the boys out with pizza and a movie, I brought drinks and popcorn into the living room. Turning, I quickly realized I'd been set up. The twins sat quietly staring at the opening credits of Transformers, while Mace lounged on the other sofa, the only spot beside him. Time to put my big girl panties on and suck it up I supposed. Grabbing a slice of pizza, I went to flop down beside him, only to land right in his lap. He'd purposely done it, the smirk on his face said so.

"Mace," I hissed, "either move over, or let me up. I'm not doing this with you."

"You don't wanna cause a scene in front of kids, do you now, babe?" His eyes twinkled with humor. Oh, he was going to push my buttons all night. He knew I wouldn't start trouble with kids around; clearly, this had been his plan all along.

"Bite me," I snarled under my breath.

He obviously heard me because he pulled me back into his hard warm chest, nipped my ears and whispered in that seductive voice, "Just tell me where, I'd be happy to." Goosebumps broke out across my neck and arms at the thought of him biting me the last time we'd been on this couch together, all sweat slicked and moaning.

Crap. Pull it together, Scarlett!

Clearing my throat, I tried to move from his lap, only to be pinned by strong hands at my hips. "Don't move, babe," he said quietly through clenched teeth. Gripping my hips, he ground me down on his lap. The hard-on he was sporting making it clear why I needed to stay put. Well this was awkward. I either had to stay on his lap hiding his problem, or get away and calm my quickly climbing hormones. This would mean risking the boys seeing him like that. Apparently, I wasn't getting a choice though as Mace's hands gripped my h*ps tighter, holding me in place.

Twenty of the longest minutes later, I was finally able to slip off his lap and make a break for it. Those calloused hands I love so much, wrapped around me as I stood in the kitchen putting the snacks into bowls. I reared my elbow back into his stomach. All it accomplished was Mace chuckling and a sore elbow, "Get off me, you ass. Don't think I don't know exactly what you're up to."

His body plastered to my back, shook with his silent laughter. "I was counting on it, babe."

"Stop laughing. It's not funny. It won't work, Mace." I was hoping to hell I sounded convincing because it was working a tiny little bit.

"Looks like it's time to step it up a notch then. I told you already, sweetheart. I'm. Not .Going. Anywhere." Kissing the side of my neck between each word, he stepped back palming my ass as he moved away and went back to the living room.

Confused. That was the only way to sum up my feelings. I was confused. How could he possibly step it up a notch? He was being over-the-top sweet and touchy feely, grabbing at me, kissing me, always near me even though I'd told him God knows how many times to piss off. I had my answer almost right away.

"You coming, hunny bunches?"

Mace planned on being sickeningly cute. With a huff, I grabbed the bowl of snacks and stomped back to the living room. This time, I squished myself between the twins in hopes I'd be safe. Turns out, I wasn't that lucky.

"Are you gonna marry my Uncle Mace?" Jordan asked the second I put my drink to my lips, causing me to inhale, bubbles burning my nose.

Squeezing my eyes together, I tried to recover to answer him, but before I could form a word Mace answered, "I hope she does, bud."

"I sure hope you do too. You'd make a pretty wife, and then Uncle Mace can kiss you whenever he wants and take you to get burgers and shakes."

"I-I-umm, well, you see-" I stuttered, not sure how to approach an eight-year-old boy about the fact I wasn't going to marry his uncle mainly because he was a chicken shit. All the time Jaxson's eyes bored into the side of my head.

"Do you love my Uncle Mace?" My head swung around to find Jaxson watching me with intense curiosity.

Looking him right in the eyes, I couldn't make myself lie to him, even if it was for my own good. "Yes, I think I'll always love him."

Jaxson smiled big up at me and nodded, looking at Mace. "Okay, you can marry her and have lots of babies then." Great, they were planning my future, never mind me having a say in it.

"I think that sounds like the perfect plan, Jax. How many babies do you think we should have?" Mace asked the boys, grinning like a damn fool while I glared daggers at him.

"Lots!" yelled Jordan, bouncing up and down excited. "Enough that we can all play soccer and football."

"But no girls! Girls have cooties," Jaxson chimed in equally excited, and then he turned to me and added, "Not you though, Aunty Scarlett. You don't have cooties." My breath caught the second he said Aunty. I'd never been an Aunty. I'd never thought I would have the chance to be an Aunty. To anyone. Ever.

Mace quickly jumped in, "Alright, shower time, guys. Grab your PJs and hit the showers, one upstairs, one down. Brush your teeth too. Properly. I'll be up to tuck you in soon." Both boys jumped up and scampered off.

Mace came over to where I sat, leaned down and kissed my forehead "I'm not giving up; you may as well just give in and take me back." A cocky smirk crossed his face before he stood, collected all the empty pizza boxes and bowls, and made for the kitchen.

"Hrmmpf! Not likely, buddy!" I yelled out after him. "You can't cute me to death. It won't work."

"Wanna bet, fluff bunny?" he tossed back.

Fluff bunny? Gag!

A goodnight story, plenty of touchy feely hugs and cutesy names later, I was showered and ready for bed, exhausted by the day's many theatrics It was honestly tiring, trying to avoid Mace's new routine. Yet, regardless of the fact I wasn't taking him back, I still crawled into bed a lot less stressed than I had been. Realizing all the creepy stalker crap had pretty well stopped was helping, and sure Mace was bugging me, but he was doing it in the sweetest ways possible. I fell asleep with a smile on my face wondering what crazy cheesy trick he'd try next.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

I was getting super freaking pissed. If Trip took off laughing on his cell one more time today, I was going to ink his eyeball. I knew who it was on the other end because that same person had been sending me sickly-sweet text messages all day. All freaking day!

Trip looked over at me and burst out laughing. "Yeah, she's pissy alright, glaring at me like she might take my manhood away," he told his constant caller.

"I'm seriously contemplating it." I grumbled under my breath.

Freaking a**holes!

Mace had recruited Trip and Remy into helping with his stupid plan. They were all ganging up on me. The only person I had left on my side was Teeny.

Trip strutted his ass back over to his station smiling at me like he knew a big secret. Maybe I should wipe the smile off his face. Great, I was turning into a violent bitch.

Not ten minutes later, in walked Mace. He made his way behind the counter like he owned the place. That ever present cocky smirk on his face, even with my mood hitting the red zone of irritated, he was still a sight. Dark worn jeans slung low on his hips, white fitted cotton shirt pulled taut over his solid chest and arms, a slight shadow of stubble along his jaw. Damn him for making my blood pressure soar and my lady bits clench. Why couldn't my hormones stay in line with my temper?

"Hey, kitten, looking beautiful today."

Yuck, he just wouldn't quit with the sappy shit. Maybe I should tattoo his eyeball instead? "I'm not a kitten. Why are you here?" I asked bluntly and straight to the point. I didn't want to be rude, but he was grating on my last nerve.

"Don't be like that, cupcake. I brought you lunch." He smiled, putting a brown paper lunch bag on my work table. "Enjoy your lunch and make sure you eat it all up. You need to keep your strength up, pumpkin."

I could hear Trip and Remy snickering behind me somewhere, whether it was at me or the ridiculous tone of voice Mace was talking to me in, I didn't know. Mace kissed the tip of my nose, waved goodbye to the guys, and took off out the front door.

"Eat up, pumpkin," Trip mocked, flopping down into his chair all eyes on me. Curiosity got the best of me and I opened the paper bag, pulling out its contents. An apple, a juice box, a Twinkie, a packet of heart-shaped candy and something wrapped in wax paper. By this point, both boys were in hysterics. Ignoring them, I read the note left on top of the wrapped item.

Love you, baby. Here's a little something to show you what you mean to me.

You are my sunshine,

My only sunshine

You make me happy when skies are grey,

You'll never no dear how much I love you.

Please don't take my sunshine away.

All my love. Mace.

What the hell is wrong with that man?

I felt my eyebrows draw together as I unwrapped the paper. He'd lost his shit. It was official. Mace was crazy. Trip was now rolling around on the ground holding his stomach. Remy had tears rolling down his face, and there I sat, holding a peanut butter and jelly sandwich cut into the shape of a love heart. Against my will, my heart swelled; he really was making an effort, a ridiculous effort, but it was kinda sweet regardless.

No! What am I thinking? He's an obnoxious ass.

"Will you two shut the hell up? It's not funny! He's clearly a sick man. Trip, as his brother, I think it's your responsibility to have him committed. He's clearly not right in the head."

"You should see your face; it's perfect. Wait. Say cheese." Before I could figure out what was going on, Trip was standing in front of me snapping pictures with his cellphone.

"You little shit, you delete them right now, or I swear you'll be walking around with no balls," I threatened.

"You'll survive, and besides, this is too funny not to share. Teens might wanna see this. I'll just send it to her," he said with a smile while punching buttons on his phone.

Not even five minutes later Teeny walked in the door. "That was freaking awesome. Did he bring you a kiddie lunch?"

"Don't you start! He's annoying the crap outta me. Today was supposed to be my day off, but I came in here to get away from him. My bathroom has been invaded with girly fluffy slippers and a matching bathrobe. Don't even get me started on the 'his and hers' towels. The kitchen was full of baked goods, roses and four different pairs of heels he apparently thought I'd look sexy in, and to top it off, Mace was in the backyard shirtless cutting my hedges into hearts and shit." Teeny couldn't take anymore, she burst into laughter.

"I'm bored. There's nothing to do here, and I'm avoiding Mace. So stop laughing at my misfortune and help me find something to do." I picked up my bag, and flipped the still chuckling Remy and Trip the bird as Teeny and I went out the front door. I came to a quick stop when I registered what was in front of me.

"My Car! Wait. How did you get my car?" There was my baby, all shiny and fixed, with a sexy-as-sin Mace casually leaning against the hood, twirling my keys around his finger. If I wasn't so mad at him, the fact he'd picked up my precious car and was standing there looking like sex incarnate, would have cause me to walk right up to him and dry hump his leg.

"It's my buddy who owns the repair shop. I called in a favor; had it hurried and he called me this morning to let me know it was ready." Tossing the keys to me, he took that moment to move in quickly and plant a big fat kiss on my lips, crushing me to his chest and palming my ass in the process. Mace moved back just as quickly, leaving me stunned and breathless. "Go on, I know you missed her. Go for a spin." He told me with a glint in his eye.

"Thank you," I whispered. As mad as I was with Mace, I couldn't be that rude. He knew what my car meant to me, which I figured was why he called in a favor to have it rushed. I jumped into the driver's seat as Teeny opened the passenger door and burst out laughing. At the look on my face, or the reason I had a foul expression going on, I wasn't sure. "What is wrong with him?" He knew I hated the color pink, yet he'd put in fluffy pink seat covers with a matching steering wheel cover and pink fluffy dice hanging from the rearview mirror.

Shaking my head, I put the keys in the ignition and turned. That rumble, God, I missed the purr of her engine. Teeny sat holding her stomach still laughing when music started to blare from the speakers. "No, no, no, no, no! JUST NO!" Pressing the skip button on the stereo, song after song turned my stomach. "He's trying to send me crazy!" I growled, pressing the button to eject the CD he'd put in. Written on the top, in thick black marker, it read 'Love for my love!'

"I think I just threw up in my mouth a little. None of this is funny. Why is everybody laughing? I hate love songs. I hate pink and he put both in my car!" Throwing the disk full of gross love songs on the back seat. I put the car in reverse. Mace, Trip and Remy were all standing at the front door of the shop in various states of laughter.

Pulling back up to Needle's Kiss after Teeny and I cruised around in my baby for a while, just enjoying the purr of her engine and the girl talk, I could see Mace standing by the counter through the front glass windows.

I missed him.

I missed him something fierce.

All his annoying attempts to woo me back were crumbling my resolve.

"You gotta give the man props, Scar. He's gone all out. I mean, I've never seen so much cheese; he's making a fool of himself to get you back. If you don't, it's only gonna get worse. Imagine what he'll do next! Just take him back already. We both know you still love him. Give him another chance already!" Teeny made sense. I hated when she did that. I wanted to forgive him, and he was proving he wasn't going anywhere. Damn, he was proving he was going to annoy me until I gave in.

"Not you too? Everybody's ganging up on me. Am I meant to just walk up and say, 'Oh, gee Mace, I forgive you for ripping my heart out and stomping on it while you walked out the door?"

"Yes. I don't even think you'd have to say anything at all. That big hunk of a man is head over heels in love with you. He'd take you anyway he could have you."

I pulled into my driveway to a very dark house and an empty feeling in the pit of my stomach. It was my birthday. Nobody had mentioned it all day. I waited for just one person to say, "Hey, Scar, happy birthday!" But nothing, not a damn thing. Trip and Remy both went about their day talking about mundane crap and joking around. I mean the shop had been really busy, but even Teeny hadn't called or stopped by. I hadn't heard from Mace since he offered to return my rental car while I followed him in my now un-fluffy car the day before. Everybody had forgotten.

Feeling disheartened and a little unloved, I trudged up to the front door and unlocked it. Pushing forward, I searched out the light switch on the dark wall, flicked it on and nearly died of shock, my hand coming up quickly to cover my mouth.

"Happy birthday!" was yelled in unison.

Balloons hung down from the ceiling, streamers were thrown around everywhere, and everyone was wearing a party hat. Mace stepped forward. Grabbing onto my hands, he pulled me further into the room, and dropped my bag down onto the entryway table.

"Happy birthday, baby," he whispered.

"Mace, you did this? All this for me?"

His hand came up to frame my face. Looking down at me with nothing but love in his eyes, he whispered, "The day you were born is worth celebrating, baby. Teen and the guys sorta helped me put it together though."

His words made my heart melt. Just when I was feeling alone and forgotten, Mace made me feel special and cherished. He surrounded me with family and friends; that's who these people were to me; that's what Mace had become to me. My family.

It occurred to me I was holding up my own happiness. Keeping Mace at arm's distance, I was only hurting myself and him. He may have left me, but I needed him. I needed us. I was ready to move on from it and put us both out of our own misery. Just as I was about to open my mouth to tell him what I'd decided, we were crowded by family wishing happy birthdays. The twins Jaxson and Jordan, jumped on Mace calling him away for a soda refill.

"I'll be right back," he told me, wandering off looking like a human jungle gym.

"You surprised?" Teeny asked, wrapping her arm around me and leaning her head on my shoulder.

"You were in on this? That's why you didn't call me today?"

"Well, I wanted to help. Mace came up with it. I just helped a little. You should forgive him already, Scar. He'd move heaven and earth to make you happy. You're it for him; there won't be anyone else. The way he talks about you when you're not around, and the look he gets on his face, he just lo-"

Putting my hand over her mouth, I cut off her "Mace is the shit" speech. "I want him back. He's been worming himself back into my good graces with all his tacky cheese, but this," doing a sweep of the room with my hand, "this sealed the deal. He had me at 'Happy Birthday'"

Teeny jumped up and down with a squeal, showing just how happy she was.

About an hour later, I was still trying to get a moment alone with Mace. Every time I thought I had him to myself, somebody would interrupt, or he'd have to run away and sort something out.

I'd had enough of waiting for the perfect moment. I just wanted him to know I'd forgiven him, loved him and wanted to spend the night in his arms. Pushing past everybody, I stepped up in front of him, my back facing the large bay window, moonlight shining in through the open curtains. "I need to speak with you a minute."

Mace picked up my hand smiling down at me, his eyes shining with adoration. His eyes flicked up over my shoulder, a look of recognition played across his face a millisecond before it turned to a look of pure horror, his features crumpling. A look of pure panic registered on his face.

All of a sudden, a loud bang and the sound of glass breaking, split through the room. A jarring pain hit my side as I was thrown to the floor, my body throbbing from the sheer force of hitting the ground. Screams of panic. Fear or pain followed-I was unsure which, and that thought alone terrified me. My ears were ringing from the sounds around me. As I lifted my hand, I saw it covered in blood. I was confused and disorientated. My blood ran cold through my body as reality set in and the scene around me became a little clearer.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Scarlett's face drained of color as she stared at her hands and looked back at me. "You're bleeding! Why are you bleeding? Where? Mace!" Scarlett was frantic, worry etched on her face.

"I'm okay, babe. I'm fine. Just my shoulder. It was a gunshot, but don't panic. You okay?" I asked through clenched teeth, trying to bite back the burn in my arm and back. My training kicked in; I needed everyone out of the way into safety.

"You saved me, wait who? Where? Somebody shot at us?" she rambled, clearly still confused. I ran my good hand and eyes quickly over her to be sure she wasn't hurt.

My heart was pounding, adrenaline coursing through my body as I moved to stand. Darting my eyes around everywhere to make sure nobody else was hurt, I saw Trip's back was to me; he had Teeny pinned behind him, protecting her.

"Everyone in the back of the house now! Move, move!" I needed everyone out of the way of danger. Janelle was still standing, gun pointed at the spot Scarlett had been. She'd been aiming at Scar, but the moment I saw her standing outside the window, gun aimed, instinct took over and I shoved Scar to the ground seconds before she would have been shot.

"Trip! Get everyone out now. Take the girls!" I ordered as calmly as I could. Scarlet looked like she was moving towards Teeny and Trip so I slowly moved toward the front of the house. Another blast of shocking pain ripped through me as Janelle dropped to the ground on her knees screaming nonsense

"What have I done? Oh no! Mace, it wasn't supposed to get you! I-I-" Janelle screamed.

I needed to get out there and disarm her before she killed somebody. Moving toward the window, I quietly stepped over the windowsill nodding to Trip as he swiftly made his way out the front door to get behind Janelle. Broken glass was sprayed everywhere from the impact of the bullet. She'd blown the entire window out.

Before I could make it to Janelle, a rush of color shot past me, and Janelle was on the ground with Scarlett on top of her.

"Scarlett, she's still got the gun. Get down!" I yelled. My heart felt like it was in my throat. I'd never be able to deal if she was hurt. The burn in my shoulder had slowed to a deep throb. I moved forward to get the gun off Janelle, while Scarlett was beating into her, punching, ripping hair and screaming.

"You stupid, f**king cunt! You shot my man! You shot at me and Mace got hit! You wacked out junkie motherfucker!" Scar screamed with a punch to Janelle's face. The gun waved around as Janelle fought back.

"He was mine! He was mine from the start, and you had to come round with your slutty tattoos and take him from me!" Janelle screeched through the punches that Scarlett rained down on her.

Scarlett reared her fist back and punched Janelle hard in the nose. Janelle released a high-pitched scream as blood sprayed from her face and she lost her grip on the gun. "He wasn't yours. He'll never be yours! You never f**king had him, you stupid brainless fuckwit!"

Reacting fast, I rushed in and pulled a cussing and thrashing Scarlett off Janelle who was still lying on the ground clutching her face, while Trip moved in and kicked the gun out of the way.

"You dumb twat! Who the hell do you think you are?" The voice belonged to a pissed Teeny who had ran outside and was advancing on Janelle. Before Trip could grab her, she'd kicked Janelle in the ribs. "You shot at my best f**king friend!" she yelled as Trip secured his arms around her torso and pulled her back, kicking and screaming.

I saw Scar shaking out her hand; she must have been in a bit of pain after going at Janelle so hard. She started inspecting her nails; an even angrier look appeared on her face.

"Bitch broke my motherf**king nail. Oh, screw that," Scarlett murmured mostly to herself. All of a sudden, she stomped her foot down hard on mine and wriggled free of my arms. Red hot pain radiated through my shoulder as she tore off and started ripping at Janelle's hair and throwing punches again.

Great! Now we had two crazy women re-enacting a scene from UFC-style wrestling, I thought as I sighed and made my way to pluck Scarlett off Janelle for the second time.

Just as I pulled her up, Scar was still screaming at Janelle and trying to get away as four police cruisers stopped on the street guns pulled, assessing the scene. I needed to settle Scar down before she got her ass tasered, and there was only one way to distract her. I spun her around in my arms, and slammed my mouth down on hers, taking her by surprise and kissing the ever loving shit out of her until her body went lax and she clung to my good shoulder. A growl tore up my throat as I kissed her hard and deep. I'd missed the taste of her, the feel of her body tight against mine. That sexy little mewl she made in the back of her throat. I really missed being inside her, and seeing her go into smack-down mode didn't help my libido any. Scarlett only had to breathe for me to be turned on. Pulling back panting, I asked, "You calm now? She's gone. They've cuffed her and put her in the car."

"Mmm-hmm. You're hurt. We need to get you looked at," she shakily said, licking her red puffy lips, looking a little stunned. Scar turned in my arms to see the officers putting Janelle into the back seat of the cruiser. Turning her back to face me, I searched her face to assure myself she was okay. I saw the same concern shining through her eyes.

"I'm fine, babe. Just stings a little," I told her, lying my ass off. I didn't want her panicked. Apparently, I was worried for nothing because she held my face in her hands, stood on her tip toes and looked into my eyes.

"Mace if you don't get in the back of that ambulance right now, I'm gonna have to punch you in the junk. And I really don't wanna do that, baby; I'm kinda in love with your junk."

With a snort, I asked, "Just my junk?"

Scarlet kissed me slowly before resting her forehead on mine, closing her eyes and letting out a deep breath. "I kinda might be in love with the rest of you too. Now, get the hell over it, and get in the ambulance before I hurt you."

"Might be a good idea, dude. I saw the damage she did to crazy gun chick and it ain't pretty," a paramedic said in all seriousness behind me.

I nodded my head to him and turned back to Scar. "You done fighting it yet? I need you back, babe. I can keep going with the cheesy shit, 'cause I know how much you like it, but I need you back."

"You throw any more of your cheesy crap at me, and regardless of my affection for your junk, you'll lose it." She told me, a small smile playing on her lips, her arms wrapped tightly around my waist. "Yeah, I give. You want all this crazy back, you can have it. Just no more sappy music or fluffy shit, and you ever put pink anything in my car again, you'll be swimmin' with the fishes."

A huge smile took over my face as she pushed at my chest gently. "In the ambulance. Now Romeo." She ushered me into the back of the waiting ambulance, stopping only to hug and kiss my family goodbye as they left. "I'll meet you there. I need to check on Teeny before I leave," she told me, bending down to meet my lips where I lay on the stretcher.

"Love you, Scar," I whispered against her lips.

"Love you right back, Mace." Her words lifted a heavy weight off my chest. Everything was going to be just fine, more than fine. I had Scarlett's love. We might not be perfect, but it was the very thing I didn't know I'd been searching for, the thing I needed to breathe again.

"Hold still a second, bud, just gonna give you something to take the edge off," the paramedic told me as he hopped up in the back of the truck.

"Thank fuck! This shit hurts like a bitch," I groaned once I saw Scar was out of earshot.

"My shoulder itches and I can't reach it," I grumbled, unsure if Scarlett even heard me from the kitchen.

"Stop sulking, pull up your big girl panties and suck it up. You can't scratch at it anyways!" she yelled out.

"I'm not sulking," I mumbled, tossing the TV remote onto the sofa I was sitting on. It'd been almost a week since I was released from hospital with a few stitches and a sling. Both of which were driving me crazy. The only good thing about it was having Scarlett take care of me. When she'd met me at the hospital, I'd been informed I was staying with her so she could look after my cute ass-her words not mine. Things had gone from good to great. Having Scarlett back was the best damn thing that came from that cluster-fuck of a situation.

She'd yet to let me touch her though. She claimed I'd hurt myself and pop my stitches. The only thing I was gonna pop was a ball; I was so wound up it was cruel. Watching her prance around the house in her tiny shorts or her lacy panties was a different kind of torture, a kind of torture I was almost certain she was pulling out on purpose. My dick was constantly hard, and I was pretty damn certain my balls were so blue they might fall off the next time she bent over in front of me. I'd promised her I'd behave myself but my self-control was wearing paper thin.

"Here you go, sweetums, eat up. I need you big, strong and healthy," she said sweetly from behind me as a tiny pink plate was passed over my shoulder, with a small heart shaped sandwich in the middle surrounded by apples cut into flower shapes. This was the other form of torture; Scarlett was dishing back all the tacky-cheesy shit I'd laid on her while we were apart, and she was taking it to the extreme. I had my very own fluffy bathrobe and old man slippers with my name and little hearts sewn into them. It made me laugh though. Regardless of the fact she hated all the mushy crap, she was damn good at it.

"I have a busted shoulder, babe. I'm still big-whoa!" My rant died on my lips as she walked around the sofa.

"What, where, uhhh, I-is that? Are you?" All the blood rushed from my head directly to my crotch as I took in the sight of Scarlett sitting square in front of me on the edge of the coffee table wearing a very tight, very tiny, very revealing naughty nurse costume. The white material left very little to the imagination, her perfect boobs spilling out the top begging to be freed, licked, and tasted.

Sweet baby Jesus.

As my eyes roamed down her sexy body, I cleared my throat trying to get my voice to work. The only thing running though my head was how quickly I could rip that tiny red scrap of lace from between her legs. I needed to be inside her. Now.

Scarlett licked her full red lips and leaned down, running her hands slowly up the inside of her thighs, from her tiny feet, clad in bright red f**k me heels, up further until she reached the matching garter on her right leg. Flicking it as she ran her hand up higher, opening her thighs a little more, her fingers trailed up over her panties, the ring in her cl*t slightly visible through the lace. Jesus Mary and Joseph, please don't let her be torturing me again. I don't think I can handle it, I silently prayed.

"Scarlett, baby, you need to quit that; I can't take it anymore. I need to be inside you," I growled. My dick was so hard I could've hammered nails with it. Reaching out to pull her forward, she slapped my hand away. "Nuh-uh, hands to yourself."

"Stop teasing me then," I grumbled, almost panting when Scar popped another button at the top of her dress, more of her gorgeous tits pushing over the edge.

She swiftly dropped to her knees in front of me, the muscles in my stomach tensing up and my dick jumping as she undid my belt and lowered my jeans and boxer briefs just enough to expose me. Sucking in a breath as she licked her lips staring at my rock hard erection, I was gonna embarrass myself the moment she put those lips around me. I was sure of it. Scarlett's tongue snaked out and flicked against my head, and then teasingly, slowly, she ran her tongue the full length of me. I groaned deeply at the contact. The moment she took me fully into her mouth, I threw my head back, eyes clenched shut at the sheer heat and feeling of having her perfect lips wrapped around me, her hand working me slowly up and down.

Pulling back and making a loud popping sound when she freed me from her mouth, she breathlessly rasped, "Watch me suck your cock, baby."

"Uhnggg-" My whole body was on fire with those dirty words coming from her, that sweet little mouth rocking my world as she continued her assault. "Fuck, Scar! You gotta stop or I'm gonna come. I need to come in you not your mouth," I growled, my jaw working hard, biting down the pleasure shooting up my spine, making my head spin. I fisted her hair driving my c*ck as far down her throat as I could one more time, before I eased her back and up to stand.

Scarlett bit down on her puffy bottom lip, lifted her leg and pulled her panties aside. With one finger, she slowly dipped inside her p**sy, bought her finger up to my mouth and slipped it past my lips as I sucked.

Her eyes heavy and hooded, she crawled up onto my lap, straddling me. With my one useable arm, I pulled her up further until she stood on the sofa, one leg on either side of me. I wrapped a hand around her waist and lowered her enough that her cunt was right in my face. Licking and suckling, I held her tight to my face until she was writhing and screaming my name.

"Gotta have you now, baby. Gotta be inside you," I whispered in a gravelly voice as I lowered her slowly down.

Scarlett took over, planting herself firmly on my throbbing dick.

"Fuck!"

The feeling of her tight body wrapped around me was too much to take. Gripping her firmly around the waist with my one good arm, my forehead fell to her shoulder. "I need you to stay still for a second, just-"

"Can't!" was the only answer I received as she started moving. Up slow, down fast, ending each thrust with a grind of her hips. Her fantastic tits bouncing in my face, I moved my hand up and popped the remaining buttons of her dress, leaning down a little to suckle her hard pink nipple.

"Mace, baby, I need to go harder, faster. I need you," she moaned.

Scarlett rode me harder, faster, reflecting back just as much need as I was feeling.

"Mine!" I ground out. "You're mine, babe. Tell me."

My head came up. Hand down I reached between us and flicked her cl*t ring, tearing a gasp from her throat. The same second, a groan ripped from my chest as her muscles tightened around me. "Yours. I'm yours, Mace," she whimpered.

"Come for me, baby. Come on me," I growled against her lips before I took her mouth. Grinding against me, she came undone, taking me right along with her.

"Mace, oh God, Mace! Ohhhh!"

"Fuck, Scarlett!" I roared.

Her head against my chest, my face leaning on the top of her head, our breaths slowly returned to normal. At that moment, something occurred to me. I wasn't waiting anymore. I wasn't letting another day go by without knowing she was mine for life. Not another second was I going to be without her.

"I want you to be mine," I whispered against her hair.

"Told you I'm yours." I felt her lips smiling against my skin.

"No. I want you to be mine for the rest of my life. I want you to be my wife," I clarified. I felt Scar tense and go still in my arms. A moment of doubt formed in my mind. What if she said no? I was still hard inside her heat, now probably wasn't the best time to ask such an important question. Or maybe it was? I couldn't get any closer to her if I tried. Right now, we were two parts of a whole.

"Babe?" I prompted, getting a little worried she hadn't answered me.

"Did you just ask me to marry you? While you're inside me?"

"Yeah, you gonna put me outta my misery and answer me?" I whispered, scared shitless she'd tell me to go f**k myself.

"Yes," she whispered, burying her face further into my chest.

Panic set in. "'Yes', you'll marry me or 'yes' you'll put me outta my misery?" I rambled.

"Yes, I'll marry you," she said, her voice but a whisper.

"Think you can look at me and tell me, baby?" I asked, relief washing through me. But wariness and concern travelled through me. I just needed her to look at me. Why was she hiding?

"No, I don't wanna do the girl thing and cry. You're makin me feel all squishy and shit," she mumbled against my skin. That was it for me. I burst out laughing. Her head snapped up and she slapped my chest lightly.

"Don't laugh at me! It's not funny. I don't do squishy," she pouted.

"I'm not, I swear," I chuckled. "You are the only woman I know that would be worried about crying in front of her soon to be husband"

"Shut up and kiss me, you fool," she smiled.

"My pleasure, baby." I took her mouth as her h*ps started to move slowly. Me making love to her mouth, while she made love to me. What felt like hours later, we collapsed on the sofa sweaty and satisfied. An overwhelming contentment filled my chest.

"You really gonna marry me?"

"Yep, I may be a shitty wife though," she said with a smirk.

"I may be a shitty husband, but we'll pull each other up and I'll love you just the same."

"You might regret this," she whispered.

Bringing my lips down on hers, kissing her whisper soft, I said, "One thing I will never regret in my life is you, Scarlett."

"Best day of my life when you walked into my shop," she mumbled against my lips.

Being with Scar had healed me. She took what I was and made it better. What we had in this moment, it was more. This was my love, her love-torn, damaged, broken, ripped apart and put back together. This was our tattered love.

Epilogue

"Scotch on the rocks," I told the bartender before turning back to the party. Doing a quick sweep of the room, I took in all the crap hanging from the ceiling; streamers, paper bells and bird-shaped shit, the confetti and champagne glasses strewn across every surface. It looked like cupid had walked in and puked on the place. The lovey dovey shit was for the birds.

My eyes fell on Mace and Scarlett holding each other on the dance floor. Scarlett looking up at Mace like he hung the stars and moon, Mace looking down at her like she was God's gift, made just for him. The way they were with each other made me wanna poke my eyeballs out with a fork. Don't get me wrong, I was happy for them. There weren't two people I knew who deserved to be as happy as those two were, but the thought of being with one person for the rest of my life made me nauseous and claustrophobic.

Turning back to the bar, I picked up my glass and downed it in one hit. I'd need a good bit of booze to get me through the night, to deal with all the sweet-cutesy crap.

I scanned the room, again my gaze landing on Teeny sitting quietly on her own in a corner, smiling sadly at the happily-engaged couple. As somber as she looked, she was still a knock out, and she still wasn't speaking to me. Not nicely anyway. One night of stupid drunken decisions, and I'd royally screwed up years of carefully constructed friendship.

I was an a**hole, but I'd warned her I was. In all fairness, I'd been upfront about my one night rule before I took advantage of a liquor fuelled situation. Still, I felt like I'd screwed shit up, Teen looked at me like she wanted to do bodily harm, gone was her usual happy-go-lucky sweet smile.

Mace and Scar broke away from their lip lock as Teeny stood up and made her way in my direction toward the bar. My eyes instantly dropping to her swelling cl**vage and rounded hips. I'd never wanted to bang a chick more than once in my life; it was confusing. On one hand, I figured it was because she was in my life so much. I mean, of course I would want more, she was without a doubt the best lay I'd had, not to mention she was a great girl. On the other hand, perhaps I was just turning into a p**sy.

Mace's voice behind me drew me out of my thoughts "You gonna stare all night or do something about it?" he asked as he clapped me on the shoulder, leaned over the bar and ordered a beer.

My eyes still trained to Teeny's short green dress. The shoes she was wearing made her legs look unbelievably long. Shrugging my shoulders was the only answer I had for Mace. I couldn't decide what I wanted to do about the whole cockeyed situation.

"You look really happy. You're one damn lucky bastard that woman said yes to your stupid ass," I told him with a smile. "Though I still don't understand why you'd wanna be all wifed up"

"Happy doesn't even scratch the surface; Scar's everything I'll ever need. You'll get it one day, little brother". His face went from the soft expression he held when talking about Scar to a small smile. "Probably the day you can put your dick away for five minutes and look at what's in front of you," he answered, nodding his head toward an approaching Teeny.

"Don't you fuckin start too, you sound like Ma. Teeny can't stand me. Besides, I like my dick outta my pants; it finds all kinds of fun shit to do." Mace adjusted his arm in his sling and took a step off to the side leaning against the bar facing the party. No doubt looking for Scar; those two were practically attached at the hip.

I ordered another scotch and a vodka tonic, pushing it in front of Teen as she stepped up to the bar. She looked down at it and sniffed. A look of disgust crossed her pretty face as she pushed the glass aside. "Can I have a ginger ale please?" she asked the bartender.

Sick of her testy attitude, I called her on it. "What the f**k did I do to you?"

She turned toward me, her face hardening and sneered, "You've done enough!"

"Oh, princess, I haven't even started on what I want to do to you," I told her, the honest answer leaving my mouth before my brain could filter it. Her face crumpled and she turned and raced toward the restrooms.

Fuck this shit.

I was gonna find out what her problem was with me if it killed me. I downed the last of my drink and pushed off from the bar. "Hold up, bud, I'll walk with you. Scar's takin too long."

With a nod, we both made our way across the busy room, avoiding grabby aunties as we went.

The moment I stepped around the corner into the long walkway, I came to an abrupt halt. A mixture of emotions hit me all at once; jealousy, anger, protectiveness and something that made my chest tight.

Scar's voice drifted to my ears, "The stress isn't good for the baby, sweetie, you need to tell him."

Teeny stood there, her back to us, Scarlett holding the tops of her arms. The second Scar lifted her gaze, her eyes flicked around and a whispered, "Oh shit!" escaped her lips.

Teeny spun around, tears marking her face with an audible gasp, her hand went to her stomach along with my gaze.

WHAT THE FUCK!

I hesitated to move closer, annoyed she hadn't felt like she could tell me. I mean she wasn't seeing anyone but the dude who knocked her up, he better step up and help her or I'd beat the crap outta him. A shadow of anger at the thought of her being in somebody else's bed, having somebody else's hands on her body, those lips around somebody else's-I shook my head to clear my shitty and confusing train of thought.

I took a few big strides putting myself in front of her small frame and asked, "Whose is it?"

Teeny's body went stiff, her face void of all emotion. Her hand pressed tighter to her stomach. She turned to walk away, but I reached out and gripped her free hand stopping her escape.

"Whose kid is it?" Mace's hand connected with the back of my head. "What the hell, dude?"

"Dumbass!" he muttered, taking a step toward Scar and Teen. His insult rolled off my back; I didn't care if I was being an ass. I wanted to make sure Teeny's guy was gonna take care of her.

"Fuck you!" she whispered, not looking at me.

"I never pegged you for stupid, Trip." This from Scar.

"Me stupid? Why? Wait-" My head was spinning, like I'd drunk an entire bottle of tequila. The air I was gulping wasn't getting to my lungs. "Do you mean...?"

