Emily

My dad doesn't want me to go back to New York. He's wholeheartedly opposed to it. But New York is where my heart is. It's where Logan is. And we're in a plane on our way there right now.

I met Logan in the fall. He took care of me when I needed a place to stay, and I took care of him when his brother got sick with cancer. Matt needed an expensive medical treatment, and the only way to get the money was for me to suck it up and take one for the team. So, I did. I went back to California, leaving the only man I've ever loved in New York, and returned to my estranged family-the one I'd run away from. Matt went into treatment, paid for by my father, and Logan went on with his life.

I have wanted to contact him so many times. But talking is difficult between us. Logan is deaf, and he communicates by writing. I have dyslexia, and reading is hard for me. So letters and phone calls are not possible for us. The Reed family is poor, and they don't even have a computer. I considered buying them one and shipping it to them, so Logan and I could talk using sign language on Skype, but they are both poor and proud, which is a killer combination.

It's been almost three months since I last saw Logan. It has been just as long since I've talked to him. I want to look into his eyes. I need to see him. Soon.

The pilot announces that we'll be arriving in New York in twenty minutes over the intercom. Mom and Dad look over at me. Mom is smiling; Dad is not. Dad's bodyguard sets his newspaper to the side and buckles his seat belt. My dad has money. Lots and lots of money. My mom spends money. Lots and lots of money. I am so glad my mom married my dad because no other man on the face of the earth could ever afford her.

Dad owns Madison Avenue. Not the street-the upscale clothing and accessory line. It's a popular line of really expensive items that started in California and has now spread nationwide. My parents have more money than God.

"Are you excited, Emily?" my mother asks as the wheels touch down. I take a deep breath. I can already breathe easier just knowing I'm in the same city as him.

I look directly into her eyes since she knows how much I love Logan, and she's actually in favor of us being together. "More than you know."

"I don't know why you feel the need to go to college, Emily," my father barks. "You could have just gotten married and lived a life of ease and privilege."

Last year, my dad tried to marry me off to the son of one of his business partners. That's why I left California with nothing and took a bus all the way to New York. I didn't take a dime of my father's money, and I supported myself by busking in the subways with my guitar for change. My dad doesn't know everything about my life away from him. Like how I lived in shelters when money was tight. And how I went for days without food sometimes. He chooses to think I lived an upscale life while I was away. But I didn't. It was hard. I wouldn't trade the experience for anything, though. Because it's what brought me to Logan.

God, I want to see him so badly. I want my parents to go away, too, but they want to see me settled into my new apartment. It's around the corner from the college I'll be attending, Julliard. I've always wanted to study music, and now I can. That was my mother's doing.

My mother smacks my father on the arm. It's a breezy wave, but it gets his attention. "We've already discussed this, darling. She doesn't want to get married. Least of all to the young Mr. Fields."

I snort. I wouldn't marry that ass if he were the last man on earth.

"Fields is a fine young man," my father says. What's really bad is that he believes it even though Trip is really just an opportunistic a**hole who wants to climb the financial ladder, and he wants to use me as the top rung. He'll never get over this rung, I can say that much.

"Mmm hmm," I hum noncommittally.

"Fields is an ass, darling," my mother says. She gets her purse, and we disembark the plane. The limo is waiting for us outside, and we all slide in while someone I will never see unloads the luggage.

"He blows his nose constantly, Dad," I say. "And he doesn't shower after he plays basketball." And he called me stupid in front of all his friends. But we don't talk about that part.

My dad's lips twitch. "That boy has a lot of potential. Great vision. He would make a fine husband."

What he means is that we could combine the two families like a business deal, increasing the net worth of both. I have no interest in being richer. In fact, the happiest time in my life was when I lived with Logan and his brothers. He has four of them-two older and two younger. They live alone since their mom died and their dad left. They don't have much, but they love one another like crazy.

My parents love me, but it's not the same thing. Not by a long shot.

"You should partner with him, Dad. Because I never will," I grouse. I can't count the number of times in the past few months I have had this conversation.

My dad heaves a sigh. He is a master at business, but he knows very little about relationships.

"Do you plan to see that boy while you're here, Emily?" my dad asks.

Only every chance I get, if he'll have me. "I doubt he'll want to see me. I left him without a single word and haven't talked to him since." He's probably angry at me. So angry that he has moved on. My heart lurches at the very thought of it.

I knew that I was giving Logan up when my dad paid for his brother's treatment, but I didn't think it would be permanent. I look down at the tattoo on my inner forearm. My father hates it; I love it. It's a key with Logan's name printed down the shaft. Logan unlocked my world. He accepted and loved me exactly as I am, or at least how he thought I was. I just hope he still does.

It's taking forever to get to my apartment. I have to listen to my dad talk about how fit Trip would be as a husband the whole ride. My mom makes a face at me. She makes me laugh. We have a new understanding since I spilled my guts to her after coming home. I think she gets it, and she's on my side. But that doesn't make things any better with my father.

"If that boy is smart, he'll stay far, far away from you," my father nearly snarls. He's adamantly opposed to me being with someone so poor.

Logan is rich in all the ways I wish I were. He's rich in family, steeped in love and compassion, and he loves what he does for a living. Logan's an amazing artist, and he works at his family's tattoo parlor, putting his fabulous art on people's skin. The last time I talked to him, he wanted to go back to college. He got a scholarship, but he had to get a deferment when Matt got sick. They took out a lot of loans to pay for Matt's first treatment, and when Matt couldn't work anymore, Logan quit school and took over for him.

"If that boy has any sense at all," Mom says, "he's just waiting for you to come back to New York."

I hope that's the case. But so much can happen in three months. Women throw themselves at Logan every day. It's asking an awful lot for him to wait for me for three full months while I find my way back to him.

Mom pats Dad on the knee. "How is his brother doing, darling? I know you get reports."

I scoot to the edge of the seat. Please tell me he's okay. Please. I have asked him this more times that I can count, and he refuses to answer me, reminding me of the bargain we made.

"Fine."

That's all he says. Just that one word. I flop against the seat back.

"Elaborate, please," my mom says, smiling at my dad.

"The treatment is working, but he's not out of the woods. He has to have scans every month, and then they'll start spreading them out as time goes on."

My heart clenches in my chest. Matt is better. My sacrifice wasn't for nothing. Tears start to burn my eyes, and Mom reaches over to squeeze my knee. "That's good, darling," she says to Dad. "I'm so glad you were able to help him."

"I did it so she would come back home," he says. He glares at me. "Our deal was that she would come home, not go to Julliard."

Mom pats his knee again. "She did come home, darling. And now she's going to Julliard."

"I just hope he stays away from her," Dad grumbles, more to himself than to either me or Mom. We all know who he is. And he had better not stay away from me. Not for a day. Not for an hour. Not for a minute.

We arrive at my apartment, and my dad scowls. "This is the best you could find?" He glowers at my mother.

"It's perfect," I say. It's pretty, with a small garden out front. I'm on the tenth floor, and that's all right with me. There's a doorman, an older gentleman, and he smiles at me, bowing to all of us as we walk into the building.

"Ah, Mr. Madison," he says. He knows who my dad is. He doesn't hold out a hand, though he does take mine when I extend it. I am not better than this man, and I want him to know it. "Miss Madison," he says, grinning at me. "Henry is my name."

"Mr. Henry," I say, squeezing his hand in my grip.

"Just Henry will do." He looks over at my father's scornful face.

"Don't make friends with the help, Emily," my dad warns.

Henry's face falls.

I wink at him. "I wouldn't dare try to make friends with Henry," I say. "He's way too good for the likes of us."

Dad's eyebrows draw together. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"Kindness trumps money, Dad," I say. I learned that the hard way. And even though I can't read well, I feel so much smarter than my dad right now. I bump knuckles with Henry, and he smiles at me.

He holds up a finger and goes to a locked box beside his desk. He retrieves a key. "I'll be sure your luggage is delivered, Miss Madison."

"Thank you, Henry." I wink at him again as my family walks to the elevator. He smiles back at me with genuine kindness.

My parents are quiet on the ride up. My dad taps his thumb on the railing, and Mom just stands quietly.

"I don't know why you felt the need to come here. I can settle myself in."

"I'm not sending you off to a strange city all by yourself." He glares. He knows I was all alone in this city last year. "That was your choice," he says quietly. "Not mine."

I step up on my tippy toes and kiss his cheek. He looks down his nose at me, which makes me grin. "I'm glad you're here." I just hope they don't stay long. I want to go see Logan. It's Friday night, and he's probably at the club working. He's a bouncer there.

My dad walks around my new apartment, appraising it with a critical eye. It was rented furnished, and it's actually really cute. It has two bedrooms, and an alarm system that Homeland Security couldn't beat.

I wanted to be in the dorm, but Dad felt like it was a bad idea. At least I'm close to the school.

My mom winks at me and then turns to Dad. "Darling, I think we should get to the hotel, soon."

He lifts an eyebrow. "Already?"

"Yes." She doesn't say more than that. Just yes.

Dad heaves a sigh. Then he kisses my forehead, wrapping my head up in the crook of his hefty forearm. "We'll see you first thing tomorrow."

I nod. "I'll be here."

"Are you sure you don't need anything?" He worries. Excessively.

I need Logan. That's all I need. I shake my head.

My mom whispers in my ear, "Use protection, dear."

A grin tugs at my lips. "Yes, Mom."

The door closes behind them. I need a shower, and I need to find Logan. I need him like I need air.

Logan

A hand lands on my back, its fingers light and teasing as someone draws a figure eight. I look back over my shoulder and flinch inwardly when I see Trish. I take her hand in mine and pluck it from my back, then set it to the side as gently as I can.

"Oh, Logan," she says, her lips tipped upward with laughter. I'm really glad I can't hear because if her laugh is anything like her, it'd be as grating as that fake smile. It's one of those smiles without any real happiness behind it. She puts her hand on my chest, her fingers pressing insistently against me. "How long are you going to pine for that girl? There are so many other fish in the sea."

I can talk, but sometimes I choose not to, and people accept it from me because I'm deaf. I lost my hearing when I was almost a teenager. I tap the face of my watch and look at her, arching my brow. She's due back on stage in two minutes.

She heaves a sigh and tromps off in that direction.

If I had been forced to answer her question, I would have said "forever and always." Emily is supposed to be back in New York any day now, as spring courses are starting at Julliard. I just began my own classes at NYU, and she shouldn't be far behind. That is, if she's coming. I haven't talked to her since the day she left and that was months ago.

I have, however, seen her in the tabloids. She's been to lunches, clubs, and social events with her ex-boyfriend, Trip Fields. The media outlets never cease talking about the way they fell apart and then came back together. But when I see them in the papers, she doesn't look happy, not like she was when she lived with my brothers and me. I like to think it's all a ruse. I hope to hell it's all a ruse. My gut aches at the thought that it's not.

Emily sold herself back to her father in exchange for Matt's life. He's my brother, and he means the world to me. Matt's alive because of her sacrifice. I'm glad she did it, but since she's been gone, it's like the oxygen is missing from the air I breathe. I miss her like crazy.

I haven't looked at another girl since she left. Not one. She's all I think about. When girls like Trish touch me and say let's go with their eyes, I can't imagine anything that might make me want to go. Or remember what made me want to go in the past. All I can think about is Emily.

I look toward the door where Ford, one of the other bouncers, is barring the entrance. Bone, our resident thug, is in the doorway and Ford knows that if he comes within five feet of me, I'll try to kill him with my bare hands. My younger brother, Pete, is going to get himself into trouble hanging out with Bone. I caught them together talking in the street a few days ago, and I don't like it. Bone is trouble, and I told him last week to stay the f**k away from my family. Pete doesn't seem to understand what kind of problems Bone attracts.

I take a step toward the doorway, but Matt is suddenly in front of me, getting between Bone and me. It's not worth it, he signs.

Would be to me, I reply. I've been trying to catch that bastard alone ever since the last time I saw him with Pete. Our little brother suddenly has a phone, and he suddenly has money in his pocket. The boy has a job, but he's not making enough money to pay for the things he now has. And he puts every dime he legitimately earns into the family kitty to pay the bills.

He's scum. My hands fly wildly as I talk, drawing the attention of several people around us.

I know, Matt replies. We'll take care of it, but we don't need to do it here. He looks me in the eye. You know he's packing.

One more reason to keep him out of here.

Matt shakes his head. Not tonight.

Dammit. Ford moves to the side and admits Bone when the owner of the club walks over to force the issue. He glares at Ford.

Ford's a good friend, and he knows how I feel about Bone. All things considered, I don't want to put Ford into Bone's line of fire, either, so I'm glad he let him through just for that reason.

Bone smiles at me, looking directly into my eyes as my gaze follows him across the room. Then he slides into a booth and breaks eye contact.

A fight begins at the front of the bar. I clap my hands together to get Matt's attention. He's not working tonight. He's not strong enough for bouncing yet, but he's here as a wingman of sorts.

I see it, he signs. The big one is drunk.

The big ones always fall the hardest.

And they're a bitch to pick up off the floor.

Matt laughs. I'm so f**king glad he's getting back to normal.

I'll take the little one if you'll take the big one. He cracks his knuckles and grins at me.

You're such a p**sy, I sign. And you can't even claim chemo did it to you because you were a p**sy before you got sick. I grin at him.

He shrugs his shoulders and smiles unabashedly back at me. It makes me so happy to see him like this. I watched him deteriorate last fall to the point where we thought he wouldn't pull through. He still might not, but we have hope.

At least I can get some p**sy if I try. He looks down at the crotch of my jeans. Your dick, however, is going to rot off from lack of use.

I can't help it if I'm a one-woman man.

He claps a hand on my shoulder and squeezes. When do you think she'll be back? I need to thank her.

She wouldn't want any thanks. I shrug my shoulders. I wish I knew.

Matt points toward the fight, which is about to escalate into a full-out brawl. The little guy is dumb enough to shove the big guy. He falls into a woman behind him, and then her boyfriend starts swinging.

Now, Matt says.

Now. I f**king love this part of the job. It takes four of us. Matt, Ford, another bouncer, and I all jump into the fray and quickly have it under control. But the big man is on the floor with his eyes closed. He has a smile on his face. He's murmuring something, but I can't read his lips.

I think he's singing? Matt says, his eyebrows arching in question. Girl you make my speakers go boom boom?

I laugh. People look over as noise bursts from my throat, but I don't care. Laughter feels good. Emily taught me that. Help me get him up.

Matt takes one arm while I take the other, and we hoist him onto his wobbly legs. His girlfriend, who is pretty unsteady herself, says, "We need a cab."

Matt and I haul him out to the cabstand and throw him into a taxi. The girlfriend gets in behind him. I feel bad for the cab driver who will have to throw his big ass out on the sidewalk.

I dust my hands off. At least it's done.

Snow is falling on us, and I brush my hand across my hair. Suddenly, Matt tenses beside me. What? I ask.

He smiles, claps me on the shoulder and says, Take the rest of the night off. Then he points behind me.

I turn around and freeze. My lungs refuse to do their job, and I stand there, not breathing, not moving, trying not to feel anything. But there she is. Emily is standing on the sidewalk looking at me.

She shifts from foot to foot, looking nervous as hell. Snow is falling on her hair, and she's not wearing a coat. Surely she can afford a coat. Her family is worth billions. Her dark-blond hair, so unlike the black hair with the blue stripe she had when I met her, falls down to the middle of her back, and she has it tucked behind her ear. She's not wearing clothes from around here. She's full-on Madison Avenue right now.

But the best thing about it is... she's mine.

Matt says something to her, but she doesn't speak to him. She doesn't break eye contact with me, and I feel like there's an invisible tether between the two of us.

I look at Matt to tell him I'm going wherever she goes. He grins. I guess we won't have to worry about your dick dying from lack of use after all.

I'll see you later.

I doubt it, he says. But he's still grinning that goofy smile. I want to go and hug her, but I guess you get first dibs.

And last dibs. And all the dibs in between.

He waves to her and signs the word later.

She nods, throws him a kiss with the tips of her fingers, and then starts toward me. Her boots leave footprints in the snow, and I force myself to stay still. I tuck my hands in my jeans pockets to keep from grabbing her.

Hi, she signs.

I can't stand it any longer. I reach for her so quickly that she startles, but she's reaching for me, too. I haul her against me, needing to feel her heart beating against mine.

Her breath brushes my ear and f**king tears sting my eyes. I tuck my face into her neck and breathe in the scent that is uniquely hers. She wraps her arms around my waist, and her hands slide into my back pockets. We stand there in the snow like that until I feel dampness on my shirt. I tilt her face up to mine so I can look at her.

"I'm so glad you're home." I use my voice because I don't want to take my hands off her.

"Me, too," she says. A lone tear tracks down her cheek. I wipe it away with the pad of my thumb.

"You're back?" I ask.

She nods, turning her head to kiss my palm.

"For how long?"

"Always." She smiles. God, she can undo me with that smile.

"Promise?" My heart is pounding in my chest.

She nods and draws a cross over her chest. "I swear it."

"What about your father?"

She shakes her head. "I don't want to talk about my father right now."

"I'll never survive it if you leave me again." I swallow the lump in my throat.

"Can you come home with me?" she asks.

If I take her home right now, we won't get to talk at all because I'll be all over her. "Let's go get some pie," I say instead.

Her face falls. "You're mad at me."

"I love you like crazy, girl. How could I be mad at you?" I drink her in from the curve of her lips to the way her eyes look almost black in the darkness of the night.

She squeezes my hands. "Is Matt all right?"

I nod. "Thanks to you, yes."

She exhales, and it's like a balloon has been emptied inside her. "What do we do now?" she asks.

"Pie," we both say at the same time. I take her hand in mine and lead her to the diner where we had our first meal together. Pie is safe. Pie is good. Pie will buy me enough time to be sure she still loves me as much as I love her.

Emily

"I guess I don't have to ask you if you ate today," Logan jokes. When we first met, he felt the need to feed me all the time. Food was scarce, but I always made do.

"I've been too nervous to eat today," I admit, laying a hand on my stomach, which is suddenly growling. I'm glad he can't hear it.

"Why nervous?" he asks as he slides into a booth. Sometimes Logan forgets that he's not signing and uses the minimum number of words possible. It doesn't bother me.

I open my mouth to tell him how scared I was that he hated me when Annie, the waitress, comes to the table and asks, "Do you need a menu?"

Logan shakes his head and motions to me. He'll have what I'm having. "Two pieces of apple pie and two root beers." I say.

She nods and cracks her gum at me. "You look awfully familiar," she says, her eyes narrowing at me.

Logan takes a napkin and pulls a Sharpie from his pocket. He's never without something to write with. He very slowly writes the words my girlfriend. It's slow enough and the letters are spaced far enough apart that I can read them. Then he points to me.

Annie's eyebrows lift. She twists her mouth into a look of incredulity, but then she shrugs and walks away.

"Why didn't you talk to her?" I ask. "You do have a voice."

"I don't talk to everyone."

"Mmm hmm," I hum. "Sometimes I think you like your silent world."

"I like it just fine as long as you're in it." He takes my hand in his and swipes his thumb across my skin. He flips my arm over and looks closely at my tattoo. He looks up at me. "You already knew you were going to leave when you got this."

I knew these questions were coming. And they have to be answered. "I had already called my Dad and told him I would come home if he would take care of Matt. Yes."

He drags his finger from my wrist to my inner elbow, and the hairs on my arms stand up as he traces the letters of his name. It's not a dainty tattoo. It takes up my entire inner forearm. "You called your dad from the hospital that day when they said there was no hope for Matt."

I nod. "They said he could have a chance if he had enough money. And I had access to enough money."

His brow crinkles. "Why didn't you just tell me? You let me wake up alone, and you were gone."

"Would you have let me leave?"

He drags a hand down his face as though he's tired. "I don't know."

"I didn't want to argue with you about it. It was Matt's life or my freedom." I shrug. "I chose Matt's life."

His blue eyes bore intently into mine as he leans forward and cups my neck in his hand. He pulls me toward him. His breath touches my lips ever so gently, and then his mouth slides across mine. I don't know what I expected, but this isn't it. He licks across the seam of my lips, and I lift up to press myself closer to him, hopping up on my knees so I can lean across the table. His tongue is a velvet rasp against mine. When he pulls back, I'm breathless.

"Don't leave me again," he says.

"I won't."

He squeezes my neck, kisses me really quickly, and sits back. I want to go and sit on his side of the table so I can touch him, but he won't be able to see my lips if I do that. I tap his arm so he'll look at me. "I want to show you something."

He raises his eyebrows, and he waggles them playfully. "You had better be ready to show me everything."

I choke. I'll show him that later. "Ask me something in sign language."

When I left, I was a novice at speaking his language. I could follow some things, but not everything. I took a class while I was gone. Now I'm pretty good at it.

He narrows his eyes at me and starts to sign. I started classes at NYU on Monday, he says.

I start Julliard next Monday.

He grins.

Not bad. You practiced?

I took a class.

His mouth falls open. For me?

No, dummy. For me. He grins at that. "Dummy" is a term of endearment in his family. There are a lot more words they use, and none of them flattering, but they love one another like crazy.

My brothers want to see you, especially Matt.

I nod. I want to see them, too.

I take his hand in mine and flip his wrist over so I can see my tattoo on his skin. It's something I'd drawn when I'd felt hopeless and lost. He put it on the inside of his wrist, and then he added a keyhole so I'd have a way out. It sort of goes with the key on my arm. I drag my finger across the one he wears. It's beautiful. Just like him.

He shifts in his seat, adjusting his fly. I raise my eyebrows at him. "Something wrong?" I ask. I use my voice because I don't want to let his hand go.

"Aside from the fact that I'm horny as hell, no." He laughs as heat creeps up my face. "Let's talk about the snow or the frozen river or I'll never be able to get up from here."

Annie sets two plates of pie and two root beers between us. Logan grins at her. I tell her thanks, trying to distract myself. There's something I need to ask Logan. I don't have any right to the answer, and I shouldn't even care, but I need to know.

He tilts my chin up with a crooked finger. "What's wrong?" he asks.

"Logan," I begin. I take a deep breath. "I left you. And I'll understand if you moved on. I just want to be sure that you want me now, from this moment forward. Whatever you did or whoever you saw when I was gone is none of my business." Tears sting in my eyes. I'm forgiving him for whatever he may have done and doing a really poor job of it.

"What the fuck, Emily?" he says. He throws his napkin down on the table. "Ask me the question." His gaze is intense, and I shrink inside a little bit. "Ask me if I f**ked someone else while you were gone. That's what you want to know, isn't it?"

"No. What I'm saying is that..." Shit. I don't know what I'm saying. "If you did, I drove you to it." I heave a sigh and close my eyes. His gaze is too passionate for me.

His voice is quiet but clear, and it reaches me through my closed eyelids. "I haven't f**ked anybody since the night I made love to you." He slaps a heavy hand down on the table. "You really think I could stop loving you like that?"

"Was sex ever about love for you before, Logan?" I open my eyes, and he looks startled.

"Not until I met you," he admits. His shoulders relax a little. "The last person I was inside was you, Em," he says. "You. Only you."

My heart skips a beat. "There hasn't been anyone else for you? That whole time?"

"How could there be, you brilliant little dummy?" he asks. He softens the blow of the word "dummy" because he hurt my feelings with it once. My dyslexia makes reading hard, and people can be cruel.

"Just dummy will do," I say quietly, and a smile breaks through my waterworks.

"What about you?" he asks. His gaze is intense.

My heart is so light that I can barely follow what we were talking about. "What about me?" I ask.

"You asked me if I was faithful to you," he reminds me.

"I wasn't really asking. I was just telling you that I could understand it if you weren't. You didn't even know if I was coming back."

"I knew. But I would have done the same thing even if I hadn't known." His eyes narrow. "Are you avoiding my question?"

"What question?"

"Dammit, Emily." He slaps his hand on the table again. "Did you or did you not f**k someone else?"

People in the nearby booths look in our direction, and I place a finger over my lips. "Turn your voice down," I say.

He says it more quietly. "Did you?"

I lay a hand on my chest. "Oh, God, no," I breathe. How could he even think that?

"I've seen your picture in the tabloids with the old boyfriend. A lot." His gaze is intense again.

"My father's publicity people set that up. They want the world to think we're still happily engaged." I wasn't even aware it was happening when I attended the first event and Trip approached me. The photogs went mad taking shots of us. "I'm sorry you had to see that and wonder about it."

"You're not engaged to him, are you?" Worry furrows his brow, and I feel bad for all I've put him through.

"No. Not since before I left California the first time."

"And he's well aware of this?" Logan asks.

"Very well aware." He knows. I'm not sure he cares, but he knows. "He knows I'm in love with you."

Logan smiles innocently. "He knows about me?"

"He knows all about you." I take his hand. "I love you, Logan."

"Good. Because I plan to put a ring on this as soon as you'll let me." He draws my ring finger to his lips and kisses it gently.

My heart thuds. "A ring?"

He nods. "A ring."

"Can you tattoo one on me?" I ask impulsively. "Because I don't plan to ever take it off."

He smiles. "I'll think about it." He points to my pie. "Eat," he says. "I can hear your stomach growling and I'm deaf. Imagine how much you're offending the other people. They just want to eat their soup, and your stomach sounds like an F-350."

"How do you know what an F-350 sounds like?" I laugh. I have missed him like crazy.

"Tell me something that's loud and groaning, then?" he asks.

"You will be later."

He freezes. "Eat your f**king pie."

I lift a forkful of apple pie to my lips.

I'm home.

Logan

Emily's hand is tucked securely into mine, and that's a good thing because I don't want to ever let her go.

"Can you come home with me?" she asks for the second time. The snow is falling heavily now, and her hair is covered in white flakes as soon as we step out the diner door. I take my hoodie off and put it on her, pulling the fabric over her hair. I wrap a lock of it around my finger, letting the silk slide against my fingertip. I'm wearing a long-sleeve thermal shirt and jeans, but nothing else. I hunch my back against the wind.

Emily lifts my hoodie up to her nose so she can smell it. "You might not get this back," she warns.

"I don't care." I'm just so happy she's here.

"So, do you want to come home with me?" she asks. Her head is tilted to the side like an inquisitive puppy. There's a question in her gaze, one that's full of misunderstanding.

"Where's home?" I ask.

"I have an apartment a few miles from here."

"Why so far away?" I ask.

She shrugs. "My mother chose it. It's near campus."

"Would you rather go home with me?" I ask. I know my brothers want to see her. They've missed her almost as much as I did.

She shakes her head. "I'd rather have you all to myself."

"You live alone?" I'm not sure that's safe.

She nods and tugs on my fingers. "Come with me." She holds up a hand to hail a cab. It stops, and she looks at me with a question in her gaze.

"All right," I say. I help her into the cab with a hand at the small of her back and slide in behind her. She rattles off an address, but I can't see her lips in the darkness.

Her few miles feel like twenty, and I watch the cab rate go up and up and up. I am not sure how much money I have in my wallet. Shit. This is bad.

"Next time, let's take the subway," I toss out. I scrub a hand down my face.

"Not at this time of the night," she scoffs.

"I'd keep you safe." I tip her chin up. "The Emily who left here was fearless. What happened?"

"The Emily that left here was dirt poor. I didn't have any choice but to ride the subway at all hours of the night. Now I don't have to." She looks into my eyes.

I nod my head. I forget sometimes that she comes from privilege. And I don't. We used to be equal, and now we're not.

She reaches up and flattens the space between my eyebrows with the pad of her thumb, and I realize I was scowling at her. I squeeze her hand in reassurance.

Her scent wraps around me, and I want to bury my face in her hair and drink her in. She looks so damn pretty and smells so f**king good that I can't help but pull her legs across mine so that she's almost in my lap. She lays her head on my chest and snuggles into me, her head beneath my chin. I take in the scent of her again and revel in the feel of her in my arms.

I lift the hem of her shirt and slide my hands against her skin. She squeals and grabs for my hand, clutching it still against her belly. "Your hands are freezing," she says over a laugh.

"I know," I admit. "And you're warm. So, warm me up."

Truth be told, I'm so hot right now I could explode. Her bottom is resting on my thigh, and I want so badly to be inside her that I can taste it. She lets my hand go and presses it flat against her stomach, then hitches it higher. I see the cab driver watching us in the rearview mirror and pull my hand back down. She groans. I can feel the vibration of the noise in her belly.

"Patience," I tease.

The cab finally stops, and I pull out a twenty, handing it to the driver. Sorry, no tip. My wallet is now empty since I paid for the pie and for the cab. I'm just glad I had enough.

I stop and look up through the falling snow at her apartment building. It's nothing like where I live. The walls are shiny glass, and there's a doorman who rushes from the front of the building with an umbrella. "Good evening, Miss Madison," he says, as he covers her head to protect her from the snow.

"Good evening, Henry," she replies. She smiles at him, and the old man grins even wider. "Did you have a good day?" she asks.

His smile grows even larger and he says, "It's even better now that I've seen you again."

Emily chucks his shoulder. "Are you always an incurable flirt, Henry?" she teases. His face gets all rosy.

"My wife would kick me out, Miss Madison, if I ever flirted with a single woman."

"How long have you been married, Henry?" Emily asks.

He scratches his chin. "About thirty-six years?"

"Are you asking me?" Emily banters.

He shakes his head and opens the door for her. "It was 1978. I just can't do the math in my head the way I used to."

She stops in the doorway and lays her hand upon my arm. "Henry, this is my friend, Logan Reed."

She signs while she talks, and Henry looks me up and down. But then he sticks his hand out to shake when I offer mine. I take it and appreciate the firmness of his grip.

"Henry," Emily asks, "can you see about getting a key made for Logan? And be sure he's on the list of people who can come and go freely?"

Henry frowns. "Are you certain your father would approve?" he asks.

The whole time he's talking, Emily's translating for me. I really don't need it, unless the man turns away.

"I'm certain my father would not approve," Emily says with a laugh. She wraps one of her arms through mine. "But I plan to marry this man."

His eyebrows arch. "Are congratulations in order?"

She leans toward him like she's going to tell him a secret, but I can see her lips as plain as day. "He hasn't officially asked me yet, but I'm stating my plans up front so he'll know how I feel."

Henry smiles. "I see." He leans toward me this time. "She'll have you walking the straight and narrow in no time." He motions to Emily. "Just look at her. She's gorgeous."

"She's mine," I say, wrapping my arms around her. "So, don't get any ideas." I smile at him and look down into her brown eyes. She blinks up at me. God, she's so pretty.

"If I were one day younger, I would have to fight you for her," he warns. But then he chuckles. He looks at Emily and winks. "I'll get that key made for you. And I'll add him to the list."

She asks him, "Henry, do you think it's necessary for us to tell my father about Logan's key?"

He presses his lips together for a moment and then shakes his head. "What key?"

She grins, but my heart flips over. She doesn't want her father to know I have permission to come and go in her apartment? What the fuck?

Henry eyes my tattoos with an appraising gaze. I'm not sure he approves, but I don't particularly care. I pull the sleeves of my thermal shirt up so he can see the rest. He may as well get a full picture before he decides if I'm worthy of being with Emily or not. I'm a hard-working man who loves art, and I love this girl. That's the only thing he needs to know.

"Thank you for the help," I say. I let Emily pull me toward the elevator. She waves at Henry, and he waves back, blushing at her.

I lean against the wall in the elevator and cross one foot over the other. "Why don't you want your father to know about me?"

She blushes. "I want him to know everything about you, dummy," she says, then grins. "I just don't want him to know you're sleeping with me."

"Sleeping?" I ask, wiggling my eyebrows at her. "I doubt we're going to be doing much sleeping."

The doors open and she steps out, pulling me behind her. She looks at me. "Would you be all right with meeting my parents?" she asks. "They're still in town."

I stop as she opens the door, reaching to tag the top of the doorframe as she walks into the apartment. "You want me to meet your parents?" I wasn't certain she would want that.

She drops her keys on a table by the door, locks the deadbolt behind her, and then puts a security code in the keypad by the door. Her hair hangs down to cover part of her face, and I brush it back. "Em," I say softly. "You want me to meet your parents?"

She heaves a sigh. I can feel it blow across my chin. "I want my parents to meet you. I'm just not sure if I want you to meet them." She blows out a frustrated breath. "My dad can be a little...condescending. I'm afraid of what he'll say to you." She shakes her head. "That's all." She looks directly into my eyes. "It's all about him. Not you."

"So you don't want me to meet them." I let my hands drop to my sides.

"No," she rushes to say. "I want you to meet them."

"When?" I need to know.

She shrugs and grimaces. "Tomorrow?"

A grin tugs at the corners of my lips. "Really?"

She smiles. "Really." She pats my shirt. "You're wet. You should take this off."

She doesn't have to ask me twice. I reach back behind my head and pull my shirt off the way guys do. I don't have anything on under it.

Emily freezes, staring at my chest. "Goodness, would you look at that." She licks her lips.

"If you think these are nice," I tease, gesturing to the tats that cover my chest and shoulders, "just wait until you see the one I put on my ass. It's all yours."

"You got a tat on your ass for me?" she asks.

I nod. "Want to see it?" I tease.

"Hell, yeah."

Emily

Instead of taking off his pants so I can see his ass, Logan stalks toward me, his eyes narrowing as he sucks his lower lip between his teeth and bites down. His hands land firmly on each side of my head, and he leans close to my face, so close that I can feel his breath brush across my ear. He presses his lips to my forehead tenderly and takes a deep breath, his eyes closed.

I reach for him, exploring his nak*d chest with the tips of my fingers. But he groans and lifts my hands over my head, pinning them against the wall. "You're trembling," he says, threading his fingers through mine.

A big rush of breath escapes me, and he laughs.

"Why trembling, Em?" he asks softly. He bends his head and leans down. His teeth catch the top button of my shirt and gently tug it free of its buttonhole. My shirt gapes open, exposing the lacy edge of my bra. His teeth work their way down my shirt until it's hanging open all the way down, and I suck in my stomach as he dips his tongue into my belly button. He looks up at me and grins. "Why trembling?" he asks again.

"Because you're here," I admit. I lay my head back against the wall, and my hands still pinned above my head, although he moves one hand closer to the other and takes my wrists in one his palms. He dips the forefinger of his free hand into the cup of my bra and tugs it down, my breast suddenly free and pushed high with the help of my bra cup gathered beneath it. My nipple beads in the cool air, and he licks his lips.

"Please," I breathe, arching my back toward him. But he doesn't tongue my nipple. I'm not even sure he knows how much I need for him to touch me.

With a quick tug, he unbuttons my jeans, and my zipper tracks slowly southward, the tines loud, our breathing and my heartbeat the only sounds in the room until the click, click, click begins.

Logan has always been able to play me like I play my guitar, and that hasn't changed. He keeps taking me higher and higher, until I get frustrated and take over.

"Em," he says as I position myself on top of him. He tips my chin up. "Do we need a condom?"

Oh God. He would think of that. He's just that good. "We didn't use one last time," I remind him. Or the time before that.

"You said we were okay those times," he reminds me. "Are we okay now?"

"I can't think when you do that," I tell him, trying to count the days. My period just ended a few days ago, but then I remember that I'm on the pill. My mom took me to the doctor as soon as I went home. I don't want to think about my mom right now. I tap his shoulders and bounce in his lap. "We're okay," I say.

When the words come out of my mouth, he lets me take him. "God, I love you."

My stomach clenches, in a good way, at the nak*d emotion on his face.

When we're sated, Logan collapses on top of me, spent, his breath heavy. My eyes are closed because I don't have enough strength left to open them. But I feel his gentle hands as he tilts my head to face him. "Look at me," he insists. His voice is hesitant. "I need for you tell me everything is going to be all right."

I don't know what he means. I'm back, aren't I? I shake my head. "Nothing's wrong."

He searches my face. "You promise?" His eyebrows draw together tightly. "You're certain?"

I push his shoulder so that he has to sit up a little. "Certain about what?" I ask.

He withdraws from me, and I'm left wet and well worked. My arms and legs are limp, and I can barely think. "Are you asking me if I'm going to leave again?"

He nods. "And other things."

"What other things?"

He stands up, and... Goodness, he's beautiful nak*d. He's beautiful with clothes on, too, but nak*d...my goodness. He's a work of art.

"I want you to f**king marry me, Em," he says.

My heart trips a beat. "Well, that's the worst proposal ever," I joke.

"Tell me this is real," he implores me.

I take his hand and look into his blue eyes. "It's as real as it gets," I say.

He pulls me to my feet. "Good."

"You're staying the night, aren't you?" I ask. He had better be.

He grins at me. "Why should I?"

"Because I will be hurt if you leave." I'm honest, and his face softens.

"Of course, I'm not leaving, dummy." I thrill at the term of endearment. There was a time a word like that hurt me, but not from him.

"Want to go take a shower?" I ask.

He shakes his heads, nuzzling his five-o'clock shadow into the side of my neck. "I plan on messing you up again," he warns, waggling his brows at me. "I'll get a washcloth from the bathroom so we can clean up." He tweaks my nose. "You'll sleep better that way."

He turns around, and I see the words tattooed across his hip: My name is Emily.

It's in my handwriting, as if he took the note and photocopied it over his skin. It's from when I first told him my name. I'd written it down for him as a surprise. "You put my note on your ass."

"I wanted to remember it forever," he says. He looks deep into my eyes, and tears sting the backs of my lashes.

"You did this after I left." I don't need to pose it as a question. I already know the answer.

He nods. "Loved you then. Love you now."

I take his AC/DC shirt from my closet. I'd unpacked a bit before I went to the club.

"You had my shirt all this time?" he asks.

"It's not your shirt," I grouse. "It's mine." I'd taken it with me when I left and slept in it every night since. "Possession being nine-tenths and all," I say. But he's grinning as I pull the covers back and climb between the sheets.

"What kind of sheets are these?" he asks, sliding his thumb across the threads.

The really expensive kind. "They're just sheets." I don't want to talk about thread counts or anything else. I just want him to hold me. He reaches a wet rag toward the apex of my thighs, and I intercept it. "I can do that."

He holds tightly to it for a second. "I like taking care of you," he says.

My face flushes with heat. "Give me some time to adjust to having you around, will you?" This is all new to me, this level of intimacy. I've never experienced it before.

His eyes narrow. "You had better get used to it quick." He pats his tatted chest. "Because what you see is what you get."

He's so much more than what people see. I just wish he knew it as well as I do.

Logan lies down and pulls me onto his chest. His lips touch my hair. I'm wearing his shirt and nothing else, and he's nak*d. He's tense beneath me, and his belly flinches when I lay my hand upon it. The sheet twitches. I look down at where the covers drape the lower half of his body. I can't help it. I lift it up and peek underneath. The crown of his dick arches toward me.

"You want to go to sleep?" I ask.

He shakes his head and rolls me over. He's inside me before I can blink, and I've never felt more at peace.

###

The phone rings the next morning, jolting me out of my peaceful state. Logan is sound asleep, one of his legs tossed over my nak*d bottom. His arm is wrapped around my back so tightly that I have to untangle his limbs from mine to reach for the phone.

"'Lo," I mutter.

Logan lifts his head, his eyebrows drawing together.

"Miss Madison?" a voice says.

"Yes?" I sit up on my elbows, brushing my hair back from my face.

"Miss Madison, it's Henry."

I wipe the sleep from my eyes. "Mmm hmm," I murmur. My cheek falls back toward the pillow. Logan's lips nuzzle my temple.

"Miss Madison," Henry says. "I thought you'd want to know that your parents just arrived. They're on their way up."

Logan

Emily jumps to her knees and scrambles bare-assed across the bed. God, she's pretty, even with her hair looking like she's been tumbled in a dryer and the crease of the sheets across her cheek. I shake out my arm. It's numb from where she's been lying on it. Pins and needles reach from my fingertips to my armpits.

What's wrong? I sign when I can feel my fingers again.

Parents are here, she signs back.

She slams the phone down and runs to her closet.

Shit. Her parents are here? This is not how I anticipated meeting them.

Don't just lay there. She shoves my leg. Get dressed.

She runs out into the living room and comes back with my clothes and shoes, throwing them at me. I knock my shoes to the floor like I'm brushing a bug from my face.

Emily just rolls her eyes and shoots me a glare.

I jump up and start putting my clothes on. I've been in some funny situations before, but this one is the most worrisome. This wasn't how I wanted to meet them. I wanted to be dressed nicely, shaved, and looking like someone who could be good for their daughter. I pull my thermal shirt over my head and grit my teeth.

Fuck. I guess I'll have to make the best of it.

I jump into my jeans, and Emily rushes to the bathroom to brush the snags out of her hair. I get dressed all the way down to my shoes because I want to have shoes on to meet her parents. One of my socks is missing, but I don't have time to look for it. I follow her and squirt some of her toothpaste onto my finger so I can "brush" my teeth. I run my finger over my teeth, and she grins at me over her toothbrush.

I spit and rinse my mouth out, and she does the same. She darts past me, but I wrap my arm around her waist and drag her back to me. She's only halfway protesting as she laughs against my lips.

Behave yourself, she scolds.

She puts on a pot of coffee, and I stand there with a cup under the spout instead of the pot, and I replace it with the empty pot and rush to the kitchen table as soon as it's full. I open her newspaper and turn quickly to the word search. I fill it up with words that will make it look like I've been working on it for quite some time.

My pencil is poised over the newspaper when her parents walk in the door.

Did they even knock? I sign to Emily.

She shakes her head and winces. Thank God Henry called.

Her father raises his eyebrow as soon as he sees me at the table. Then his eyes narrow, and he stares at me. His eyes take in my tats, which go all the way up my neck and down to my wrists. I never want to hide them, and in truth, his perusal makes me want to pull my sleeves back so he can see every last one. But something tells me he won't be impressed.

"Mom. Dad." Emily motions toward me. "This is Logan." She motions back toward them. She's signing while she talks, and I kind of wish she'd stop.

Her mother rushes forward. "Logan, darling," she gushes. "We've heard so much about you."

My heart leaps at the thought that Emily talked about me while she was gone. Maybe she longed for me the same way I longed for her. "It's wonderful to meet you," I say as I stick out my hand.

She bypasses it and wraps her arms around me. She squeezes me tightly and doesn't let go for a moment. Then she steps back, her hands still on my upper arms. She squeezes. "Goodness, you're a solid lump of man, aren't you?" she says, smiling. She winks at me. "I can see why Emily is so enamored."

Heat creeps up my face.

Emily's dad shoves his hands into his pockets and rocks back on his heels. He nods at me, and I think he grunts. I wouldn't know if any sound came out of his mouth, but I can tell he just made a noise. One that would dismiss me if I could hear it.

I stick my hand out toward him. "Mr. Madison," I say.

Begrudgingly, he reaches for my hand and takes it in a firm grip. I force myself not to squeeze back when he tightens his grip in warning. Instead, I take it. I let him be in control because he's her father for fuck's sake. I don't like it, but I take it.

"Logan came to have breakfast with us," Emily rushes to say. She puts her hands on top of ours and pries her father's fingers back. He lets her. I shake the pain out of my hand when he releases it.

He takes in the crease still etched on her cheek and her lack of makeup. "I'm certain he did," her father says.

Her mother drops bags of pastries, bagels, and assorted other breakfast foods on the table. Emily starts to unpack the bags, bouncing up on her toes as she does. She's padding around in socks, and I can't help but remember that one of my own socks is missing. I walk into the living room where I see it sticking out of one of the couch cushions. I pocket it quickly, shoving it in the pocket of my hoodie. Her mother follows me into the room and grins at me, then shakes her finger. "You're not leaving are you?"

Not on your life. "No, Mrs. Madison," I say. "I was just looking for something."

She narrows her eyes. "Did you find it?" She's asking me about more than just my missing sock, I think.

I cough into my closed fist to clear my throat, which suddenly has a lump in it. I don't know why. "Yes, ma'am."

She arches an eyebrow at me, prompting me to continue.

"I have everything I need now that Emily's back." I look her in the eye.

"Stay strong," she says. Then she winks at me. She startles and looks toward the door.

Emily comes from around the corner, her eyes narrowed. Her dad stands behind her smirking. Someone must have knocked on the door. She rushes to it, looks through the peephole, and steps back, muttering to herself. I can't quite read her lips.

Emily opens the door, and a man brushes past her. He's wearing a button-down shirt, a tie, and kicks that cost more than my monthly rent. He puts down his suitcase, shakes hands with Mr. Madison, and turns to Emily. He starts toward her, his arms outstretched. I step forward to get between them, but Mrs. Madison grabs my arm. "Don't," she warns. "This will work itself out."

Emily lets him pull her into an embrace, but she doesn't hug him back. She cringes instead. This warms my heart.

She looks over at me, and I see something I don't quite understand in her gaze. Is it pity? For me? Is she afraid I can't compete with this man? Who the hell is he, anyway?

I draw a circle around my lips, asking her who he is without anyone seeing me. She crooks her index finger into the sign for the letter x. That's her ex? Seriously?

Emily's past has just walked in the door. And if the look on his face is any indication, he no longer wants to be in the past. He wants more.

I look at her father, who's smirking at me with his arms folded in front of his chest. He doesn't want the asshat to be in the past either.

Fine. I'll knock his ass into the middle of next week. That's the only way he'll ever be a part of her future.

I take a step forward flexing my fingers as I go. He's as big as I am, but I'd be willing to bet his jaw is made of candy, just like his ass.

Emily

This is not good. Not good at all. Trip isn't supposed to be here. He's supposed to be in LA. But he's here.

He walks toward me as though we're old friends. As though just a few months ago he didn't call me stupid, among a few other choice words. As though I hadn't left him standing at the altar before my last trip to New York, when I met Logan. As though I would accept the embrace he tries to offer to me.

He hugs me, pulling me way too close to him. I push against his chest, harder and harder until he has to let me go. Logan's on his away across the room. I shove Trip back and slide my hand into the crook of Logan's arm. I brush my hair back from my face. "What are you doing here, Trip?" I grit out.

Logan flexes his fingertips, squeezing them into a fist over and over. He looks like he could choke the life out of Trip with his bare hands.

Logan looks at my dad, his eyes open in mock disbelief. "You didn't tell her, Mr. Madison?"

"Hadn't had a chance yet," Dad says, but he's smiling. "Guess now's as good a time as any." He motions for Trip to continue.

"Your dad is moving me out here temporarily. He didn't like the idea of you being in the city all alone." Trip looks at my dad as though he needs reassurance. Dad nods. Trip grins and acts like he's going to hug me again, but Logan places a hand on his chest. Trip looks down his nose at Logan, like he just smelled something bad. "Who the hell are you?" he asks. He takes in the way that I'm holding onto Logan's arm with all my might, and he drops his jaw for a second. He lets out a quivery breath. "This is him?" he asks the room. "This is the guy?" Then he laughs out loud.

Logan's arm flexes beneath my hand. I squeeze it tightly, digging my fingernails into his skin to get his attention. He looks at me, finally, and I stare directly into his eyes and mouth the words I love you.

He nods ever so slightly, and the tension in his body eases a bit.

"So you're moving to New York?" I ask Trip.

He looks at my father, who nods. "Isn't it great?" he gushes. "Mr. Madison wants me to head up the New York office."

I look at my dad, watching his face. "We have a New York office?"

He smiles. "We do now."

"Congratulate me, Em!" Trip cries. "Aren't you even the tiniest bit happy to see me?" He's practically giddy, and it's rather nauseating.

"Oh, Ralph," my mother breathes as she finally realizes what's happening. "You didn't." She buries her face in her hands and groans. She glances up at me. "I had no idea. I'm so sorry." She looks at Logan with an apology on her face.

I have a feeling things are about to get worse. My gut clenches in anticipation, and my pulse starts to hammer.

"Why don't we have a seat?" Dad says. He points toward the couch for my mom, and Trip falls into a chair across the room. I shove Logan in the hip until he drops into a chair, too, and I sit down on the edge of it. He wraps his arm around my bottom, his hand settling on my hip. Both my dad and Trip frown when they see it. I cover his hand with mine to hold him there.

"What's going on, Dad?" I ask. I look at Trip. He's grinning. "Why are you here, Trip?"

Trip stands up quickly and claps his hands together. "I'm your new roomie!" he cries.

Logan's hand tightens on my waist, and I look down at him, holding up one finger to ask him for patience. "I don't have a roommate," I say. "Nor do I want one."

"I can't believe you did this, Ralph," my mother says. She jumps to her feet. "I can't believe you did this without talking to me."

The room quiets, my mom's heels clicking against the floor as she paces the only sound in the room.

"I don't want you to be in the city all alone," Dad says to me. He looks much too pleased with himself. "And then we realized Trip would be coming to New York, and we thought it would help both of you out. You have two bedrooms after all. And now you won't have to be alone."

"I wasn't going to be alone," I start. But Logan squeezes my hip. I stop talking.

My dad's brow furrows. "What exactly do you mean, Emily?" he asks.

"I-" I stop, not knowing how to continue. "I-" I close my mouth again. "Never mind," I mutter.

"New York is a dangerous place, Em," Trip says. He's still smiling. Like a used car salesman. Or a shark, right before it takes a big bite out of an unsuspecting swimmer. He looks at Logan as though he's confirmation of the danger in the city. "You never know what kind of people you might run into."

I roll my eyes toward the ceiling and count to ten.

Logan is quiet. A little too quiet. He's strung tighter than my guitar strings. "You okay?" I ask. I sign while I talk.

Trip smacks himself in the forehead with his open palm. "Oh my God," he cries. "I completely forgot about your impairment!" He says the next few words, punctuating each one with a pause. "Do. You. Need. For. Us. To. Talk. Slowly?"

"I can keep up," Logan says. "But thank you for the offer."

"Just. Let. Us. Know. If. We. Need. To. Talk. Slower." Trip smiles, and I want to punch him in the face.

Logan lifts his head, a smile I know he doesn't feel tilting the corners of his lips. "Thanks."

"Dad," I begin. "Trip can't stay here."

Dad looks at Trip, and the mock confusion on each of their faces mirrors the other. "Why not?" Trip asks.

Dad points toward the open bedroom door. "You have two bedrooms. And plenty of space." He narrows his eyes at me. "You, yourself, told me that you two were still friends when you came home. Is that not the case?"

He's playing dumb. I know my father. And I know when he does and does not understand something. He understands all too well. "Trip's my ex-boyfriend, Dad. You don't think that will be a little bit awkward?"

Dad waves a breezy hand in the air. "It doesn't have to be. You two can come and go as you please. And I'll feel better about being on the other side of the country if he's here with you."

"He can't stay here." I'm putting my foot down. I won't allow this to happen. "I'll leave, Dad. I swear to God, if you try to make me do this, I'll disappear again."

Dad sits back, looking smug. "You know, I got a call from Matt's doctor the other day." Dad stares direct at Logan. "They said your brother is ready for phase two of the treatment. And they asked if I would be providing the funds."

Logan's arm falls from around my waist, and he lumbers to his feet very slowly. He looks down at me and presses a finger to my lips. His finger trembles. "Mr. Madison," he says. He nods at my dad, and then at my mom. "Mrs. Madison. It was wonderful to meet you. I will say good-bye now." He starts toward the door. "And as far as the treatment is concerned, if Emily's freedom is the price, you can take your money and shove it up your ass." He stops at the door. I'm latched onto his arm like a Velcro monkey.

"Please don't walk out," I beg. "Not like this. I can fix this."

He peels me off of his arm. "I know you can." He kisses my forehead, his lips lingering there as he breathes in deeply, his eyes closed. Then he pushes me back from him. "I need to go," he says. His voice is hoarse. "I'll talk to you later."

"I'm going to deal with this, and then I'll come find you. I promise."

He nods. Then he steps out the door and closes it softly behind him. There's a thud on the other side of the wall and I know Logan waited until he got outside to smash something.

"Good riddance," Trip says, brushing his hands together like he's wiping dust from them.

Logan

I plump a woman's breast in my hand, imagining how the tattoo she wants across the top of it will sag in twenty years. "I don't think this is the best place," I say. I'm wearing gloves, and I'm behind the curtain at the back of the shop, which is where all the private tattoos are done. I tried to talk Paul, my oldest brother, into doing this one, but he didn't have time. His daughter, Hayley, is with a sitter, and he has to go and pick her up. I volunteered to go instead, but he laughed, shook his head, and walked out.

I plump the woman's breast again. I made her put pasties over her n**ples before I would even touch her. So it's not like this is a sexual thing. For me. It is for her, apparently since she reaches for my belt buckle, and I brush her hands away, lifting my knee to block her. I don't need this. I pass her shirt to her. "Put this on, please."

Her lower lip juts out in an expression she probably thinks is sexy. I just think it's pathetic. "You used to be so much more fun," she pouts.

Yeah, back then I wasn't in love with a woman I couldn't have.

I'm still smarting over her father's plan to move Trip in with her. The a**hole hadn't even introduced himself to me. All he did was patronize me as though I'm stupid.

Are. You. An. Ass? Yes. You. Are. An. Ass.

But he is an ass who is now living with my girl.

The curtain shakes. It's how people ask me for permission to enter in the private area of the shop. I call out, "Come on back." Emily pops her head around the curtain. You busy? she asks, signing to me. I like it when she does that.

Despite what happened earlier, I'm so f**king happy to see her. She walks across the room slowly and then kisses me softly. I want to linger over her lips all day and all night. Never too busy for you. I'm glad the woman on the table has her shirt back on.

"What about me?" my so-called customer asks.

"I think you should put the tattoo on your side. Or below your breast, rather than at the top," I suggest.

She shimmies her unbound boobs at me under her shirt. "Are they too big for a tattoo?"

I've seen it a million times. After a few years and a couple of kids, her boobs will be looking down at her belly button. That's not a bad thing-all women are beautiful-it's just bad for tattoos.

"I think it would maintain better if we put it below your breast. It's for your boyfriend, right?" I look down at the tattoo. It's a man's name. She nods. Poor schmuck might have no idea she's a whore who would do me as fast as I could blink. I'm going to run it really lightly because I have a feeling she's going to be covering it up before long.

She nods, and I get out my equipment. "Can you wait for me to finish?" I ask Emily.

Emily and I have to talk. I have to find out what happened today after I left. I couldn't sit there. I just couldn't. Not while her father held Matt's treatment over her head again. Had she consulted me I probably wouldn't have let her do it the first time, and I'll be f**ked sideways before I let her do it again. She's not cattle that can be traded. She's a f**king person, and I love her to death.

"I can wait," she says. She goes out to sit with Friday, the girl who runs the front of the shop, while I work on the tattoo, and a half hour later, she's laughing at something Friday is saying as I walk out with the newly tattooed girl. Emily looks up at me, blinking her pretty brown eyes. I have missed her so much, and I'm so glad she's back. But I'm a little apprehensive.

The girl goes to pay Friday and slips her number in my pocket as she strolls by me. I toss it into the wastebasket after she's gone. Emily's eyebrows go up. "Should I be worried?" she asks, but she's grinning.

I don't feel like grinning. "Should I be?" I toss back. I motion for her to follow me to the back of the shop. She lets me help her to her feet and follows me.

"Are you done for the day?" she asks as I clean up my supplies.

I nod. "What happened after I left?"

She sobers. Her gaze skitters around. Fuck. That's not good. "Not much," she hedges, wincing.

I tip her chin up with my finger and force her to look at me. "I won't let you trade yourself for Matt's treatment again."

She waves a breezy hand in the air. "Don't worry about that. My mother told him she would pay for it herself if it came down to it. She loves you already." She grins at me. "Something about those tall, tatted white boys. Older women love them."

A laugh bursts out of my throat. Emily grins, but then she winces again.

"Tell me," I coax. "It can't be worse than what I've been imagining all day."

"Trip's going to stay at my place while he looks for an apartment of his own." She waits for me to react. I draw in a deep breath, trying not to. "Are you angry?"

I set her back from me. "Are you f**king kidding me?" I ask. I'm so angry that I can barely see straight. She takes a step back from me, and I realize she's never really seen me angry. She saw me irritated at the diner when she asked me about f**king someone else. She's seen me cry. She's seen me hurt, like when we thought Matt was going to die. But she's never really seen me angry. I work to soften my stance. "I'm angry at them. And if I ever have to see Trip again I'll probably flatten him."

"Can I watch?" she asks. But she's grinning. "See, here's the thing," she says hesitantly. "While Trip's looking for a place to stay, I was hoping maybe you would let me stay at your apartment." She holds her breath, waiting for my response.

"Are you f**king kidding me?" I ask again. But this time I wrap my arms around her while I do it and spin her around. She giggles against me, and I can feel the movement of it in her belly. She doesn't try to push me away the way she did with Trip earlier when he tried this move on her. Of course, he wasn't the happiest man in the whole f**king world when he did it. I guess that matters.

"Of course you can stay with me." I tweak her nose. "Silly woman."

I want her with me every minute of every day.

"Your brothers won't mind?" she asks.

"They'll be ecstatic," I say. I tuck a lock of hair behind her ear. "They've missed you."

"Does your apartment smell like sweat socks and stale pizza?" she asks.

I grimace. It probably does. I hold my finger and thumb an inch apart. "Maybe a little bit."

She cuddles into me, wrapping her arms around my waist. She says something against my chest, but I can't see her lips. I tip her face up. "What?" I ask.

"I love you," she says. Then she says it again and again and again, and my heart swells. I kiss her like there's no tomorrow, until we're both breathless. The lights turn off.

"I think that's our cue to leave," I say. I shove the curtain back, and Friday glares at us, her purse over her shoulder.

"Did you just have sex back there?" Friday asks, deadpan.

"Oh my God, no," I say.

I shove Friday's shoulder gently, kind of like I would one of my sisters if I had any.

"That's so unsanitary," she warns.

Emily covers her mouth, trying not to laugh.

"If you did, go spray something back there, will you? Some antiseptic or something." She scrunches up her nose.

"We didn't," I say, growling as I reach for Friday. She hates it when I give her noogies. She screams and ducks outside my reach.

"Well, when you do, don't get germs all over the place. Put down some paper or something." She's serious about this, but it still makes me laugh. Now I won't be able to get the idea of hav**g s*x with Emily out of my head when I'm at work.

"I'll be sure he sanitizes," Emily says. I wrap my arm around her, pulling her into my side. I kiss her, and if we don't get out of here soon, I'll have no choice but to take her back behind the curtain and then sanitize.

We follow Friday out the door, and she turns and locks it. "Good night," she calls to us. It's still early on a Saturday evening, so I don't offer to walk her home. She turns away but then spins toward us again. "I'm glad you're back, Emily," she says, cupping her hands around her mouth as she yells. Then she walks away.

"She's something, isn't she?" Emily asks.

She's definitely something. We just don't know what.

"Do you want to go and get something to eat?" she asks. I realize she has her black canvas bag over her shoulder. I take it from her and put it over my own.

"You came prepared, huh?" I ask.

"I had a feeling you wouldn't send me away." She grins up at me. I couldn't send her away even if I wanted to.

"Let's go home and order a pizza," I suggest. I look down at my watch. "Hayley will still be up. I'm sure she wants to see you."

"Take me home," she says. So I do.

Emily

We step through the door of the apartment Logan shares with his four brothers, and I jump back when they all yell, "Surprise!"

I look up at Logan who shakes his head and signs the word sorry. Then he pulls me to him, wrapping his arms tightly around me, but it's not for more than a moment. His brothers rush at me. Sam and Pete, the youngest brothers in the family, get to me first. The twins attack me from both sides, squishing me between them like I'm the filling of a sandwich. They squeeze me, and they press their lips against each of my cheeks.

"If you lick me," I warn. Sam already has his tongue out, but he sucks it back in really quickly and grins at me.

"Welcome home," Sam says. He steps back, and Pete's arms fall around me. He squeezes me tightly, clutching my head against his chest as his hands tumble through my hair.

"Would you cut it out?" I grouse, trying to flatten my hair back down. Pete laughs and steps to the side.

"Welcome home," Paul says before wrapping me up in his arms. He really is a big guy, even bigger than Logan, and I think he could wrap around me twice.

"Thanks," I murmur against his chest. I can barely breathe, but it's worth it.

Then there's Matt. He leans against the kitchen counter with his arms crossed in front of his chest. He doesn't smile. His eyes are wet, and he blinks really quickly.

"Come here, big guy," I say, making a come hither motion with my fingers. He pushes off the counter and starts toward me.

"I'm going to kiss your girl, Logan," he warns. Logan's eyebrows shoot up, but he doesn't complain. He smiles and shrugs his shoulders.

Matt stops in front of me and tips my face up to his. He looks directly into my eyes and holds my gaze. "Thank you," he says.

I gulp past the lump that's suddenly in my throat and try to sound flippant. "For what?" I ask with a breezy wave. He won't let me look away though. He holds my face between his palms and stares into my eyes.

"For saving my f**king life," he says. "Thank you."

He leans down and kisses me on the cheek with a loud smack.

"Oh, I didn't do anything," I start.

He looks down at me, and his gaze is so serious that my insides quiver. "Yes, you did,"

he says. "I'll never forget it." He looks over at Logan. "I'm not the only one you saved," he whispers to me. That lump in my throat grows ten times its size. "You ever need anything at all, you come to me, all right? I'd do anything for you."

"Could you kill a guy for me?" I ask. He could at least bust Trip's kneecaps.

His eyebrows scrunch together. "There's probably a story there. I hope you'll tell it to me later."

I nod. "You're better, right?" I ask. I hold my breath while I wait for the answer.

He smiles. "I'm not dead."

"Well, there's a start," Paul says, jumping in. "We should have written that on the cake." He takes the top off a small cake box and Welcome Home is written across the icing. "For the guest of honor," he says with a flourish.

"Can we eat the pizza now?" Sam whines. "Or do we have to keep doing the reunion thing?"

Paul smacks the back of his little brother's head. "She saved his f**king life, dickwad."

Pete mimics Sam's whine. "Can we eat the pizza now?"

I laugh and pick up a piece, shoving it into my mouth.

"Thank God," Paul moans as he reaches for a piece for himself. He smacks at Sam's hands as he gets in his way. "I was starving."

I'm so touched by their impromptu party that I can't stop smiling. I have this stupid perma-grin on my face, but I'm just so happy to be here. Logan pulls out a chair at the table and motions for me to sit. But I suddenly feel little fingers tugging on the legs of my jeans. I look down at Hayley, who blinks her pretty blue eyes at me. Hayley is three, and we spent some time together when I was here before.

"Welcome home," she says. I set my pizza on the counter and reach for her. "Oh my goodness," I breathe as I bend down and pick her up. She wraps herself around me and holds me close. She lets me go and whispers in my ear. "Are you staying for good?" She chews on her finger as she waits.

"I'm staying forever and ever." I am. I'm never leaving again, no matter what. Anything else we need, we can work out as a family. This ragtag bunch of boys and Hayley are as much a family to me as my parents are right now-they're home.

I set Hayley on the edge of the counter and cut a piece of cake for her. Her eyes gleam, and she smiles sheepishly at her father.

"Food first," Paul warns. I stick a fork in the cake and take a big bite, and then hold a smaller forkful out for her. Paul scrunches his brow and says, "Fine. One bite." He holds up a finger in warning.

Hayley grins, and I feed her the cake.

"This is really good," I murmur around my cake.

Pete smacks Sam on the shoulder. "See, told you she would love it," he says.

Sam blushes and says, "It's just a cake."

I point to the cake. "You did not make this."

More pink creeps up Sam's neck. "Sometimes I bake." He puts his hands on his h*ps and balks at me. "Real men bake cakes. And pies. And cookies. And other shit." He waves a hand through the air as he scolds me. I had no idea Sam could bake. It's really some of the best cake I have ever eaten.

"Real men with really small dicks," Pete says, holding his fingers about an inch apart. Sam punches his shoulder.

"Ask your girlfriend about my dick," Sam tosses back. "She seemed to like it a lot last night."

"Knock it off," Paul scolds as he takes Hayley off the counter and sets her on the floor. "There are girls in the house."

"They don't count as girls," Sam says around a mouthful of pizza.

"Well, thanks," I complain.

"You know what I mean." Sam is still talking with his mouth full.

Logan wraps his arms around my waist and places his chin on my shoulder. "Feels like a girl to me," he says. He growls and nibbles on the side of my neck.

God, I love being here with them. I missed a lot while I was away, and I want to find out everything all at once.

Can we sneak out of here and into the bedroom yet? Logan signs to me after he turns me to face him.

That would be rude. I shake my head. We just got here. Did you know they were going to do this?

He shrugs his shoulders and grins. I knew there was cake. The pizza is just dinner, I think. They didn't know when you'd come by.

You could have warned me.

Where would be the fun in that? He jerks a thumb toward the bedroom. Can we go to bed yet? He waggles his eyebrows at me.

Where would be the fun in that? I ask. My pocket vibrates, and I reach for my phone. It's my mom, I tell Logan. "Hello," I say quietly. I walk toward Logan's bedroom so I can hear my mom talk.

"Are you all right?" my mom asks.

"Of course. Why wouldn't I be?" I step into Logan's room.

"I just wanted to be sure. Trip called your father and said you weren't at your apartment."

"Mom," I start.

"I know, I know," she interjects. I can almost imagine her holding her hands out in surrender. "Are you at Logan's?" Her voice is almost singsong.

A grin tugs at my lips. "Yes, they had a party for me," I admit. "It was really nice."

"And Logan?" she asks. "How is he?"

What she really wants to know is how angry he is at my father. "He's fine."

"Your father will get used to him," she says.

"He'll have to." That sounds flippant, but it's not. It's the truth.

"Emily," she warns. She takes a deep breath. "Even you have to admit he's not what your father envisioned for you."

He's not what I envisioned for myself, either. I never even hoped to find someone as kind and generous as Logan. "I know. Isn't it great?"

My mother heaves a sigh. "There's a party tomorrow at the hotel. Your father is hosting it. We'll pick you up at three."

"Wait," I say. "Why do I have to go?"

"It's a family event," she says. "You should bring Logan. It's not black tie, but it's rather formal," she warns.

"Mom," I moan. I'm pretty sure Logan doesn't own a tie, much less a black one. "I don't want to go." I probably sound like a two-year-old, but I don't care.

"It's not optional. Your father is presenting his new ad campaign, and there will be some New York officials there."

"I wanted to spend tomorrow with Logan," I say quietly.

"I told you to bring him with you."

"He doesn't have anything to wear," I admit.

"Oh," my mother chirps. "Never fear. I'll take care of it. I'll have some things sent over for him. And for you, too. You can both take your pick of what to wear and send the rest back. Or keep it. I don't particularly care."

I can see Logan in a formal setting. He can fit in anywhere. I'm sure of it. "All right," I sigh. "Send it."

"I'll send it to your apartment." She stops talking and lets me absorb her words. "That is where you're staying, right?" she asks. I can almost feel her grin through the phone.

"Yes, Mom. My apartment." I bite back a groan.

"We'll pick you both up at three," she tells me. "Love you."

She's gone before I can respond.

Logan pokes his head into the room. Everything ok?

I nod. My mom said my presence is requested at a party tomorrow. I raise an eyebrow at him. Any chance you could go with me?

He pulls his head back, his chin pushing toward his chest as he looks down at me. What kind of party?

The really fancy kind.

His gaze shoots toward his closet, and I can already see him trying to plan.

My mom said she would send clothes for both of us. I hold my breath waiting for his response. I need clothes too.

Is it important to you?

Is it? No. It's important to my father. I have to go. And if you don't go, I'll be stuck with Trip all night.

I can see the look in his eyes when it's settled. I'm going.

You don't have to.

I'm going.

He motions for me to come back out and join his brothers. I push back my fears about tomorrow. I grab his elbow as he walks by me, pulling him around. He wraps his arms around me and I think I'm going to get a quick hug, but his hands slide down over my ass and he hoists me up. I wrap my legs around his waist as he pushes me against the wall.

"Wow," I breathe. But he can't hear me. His lips touch mine, kissing me hard, like he didn't just spend last night in my bed. He licks into me, and I slide my tongue against the soft rasp of his. He steals my wits with every kiss. With every touch, he takes my breath.

He lifts his head and brushes his nose against mine, back and forth in little sweeps.

His arms are braced on the wall beside my head, and I turn to press my lips against the tattoo on his inner forearm. It's the tattoo I drew, and it represents so much about our love for one another. I drew the guitar with the broken strings, shackles, and thorns when I was lost. And Logan added the keyhole to the center. He unlocked my world. And I'm not lost anymore.

I tip his face to mine so he can see my lips. "Let's skip the party," I suggest.

He heaves a sigh. "We can't." He presses his face into my neck and inhales deeply. Then he unhooks my legs from around his waist. "They rented a movie."

I can just imagine car chases and guns. They are boys after all. "My kind or your kind?" I ask.

"There are no gender delineations here," he teases, shaking his finger at me. He takes my hand and pulls me out of the room. Paul is in the lazy chair with Hayley in his lap, reading a book, and Sam and Pete are on one of the sofas. Matt is alone on the other, so I sit down beside him and lean into his shoulder. He reaches up to tousle my hair and smiles at me.

"I'm glad you're back, kid," he says. I lean more heavily into him, and he lifts his arm to the back of the sofa so I can nestle into his side. I breathe him in. He's so much softer than Logan. But the cancer took its toll. He's lost weight, and he has dark shadows beneath his eyes.

"You sure you're okay?" I whisper to him. He looks down at me and tweaks my nose as Logan pulls my feet into his lap.

I lay my head on Matt's thigh and he leans down to whisper to me. "Quit worrying about me and enjoy being back." His hand strokes absently down the length of my hair as someone presses "play" to start the movie. I love this gentle giant.

The movie starts, and it's not a thriller or a car chase. There's no shooting. It's a love story. My eyes well up with tears, and I scrub them on Matt's leg.

"There's no place like home," I say quietly.

***

I wake up to the feel of being hoisted in the air. I reach for Logan's neck, and he chuckles. "I got you," he says to assure me.

"Don't drop her," Matt warns.

"I let you snuggle with her all through the movie," Logan complains. But I can tell he's not angry. "But she's my girlfriend. And I'm not going to drop my girlfriend." He nods toward Matt's room. "You going to bed?" Logan asks.

Matt stretches and groans. "In a minute." He stretches his leg out in front of him and wiggles his feet. "My f**king leg's asleep."

"That's what you get for stealing my girl," Logan scolds.

Matt laughs. "It was f**king worth it." He calls to me, "Love you, kid!"

"Love you, too," I say back. Matt's voice is playful, but he means it. He does love me. I've become the honorary sister he never wanted. Or at least that's how I see myself. I hope he sees me the same way.

The lights flash, and Logan looks back over his shoulder. His brothers do that to get his attention when he's not looking. "What?" Logan asks. He hoists me higher.

Paul points toward the drawer full of condoms and arches his brow. It's a house full of men, and they have a kitchen drawer full of condoms. It works for them, but heat creeps up my face when Paul points out that Logan needs to get one.

"Be right back," Logan says.

He carries me into the bedroom and pulls back the covers. "I need to go talk to Paul," he says. He bends down with the intention of kissing me.

"To talk about condoms?" I ask.

He grins. "Among other things."

"What other things?"

He shrugs. "I don't know. But he has that look on his face like he needs to talk to me." His lips brush mine quickly. "Be right back."

He walks out the door, and I can't be angry that Paul is trying to keep Logan safe. It's what he does.

Logan

I'm pissed that Paul made Emily feel uncomfortable, but I try not to let it show as I walk into the living room to find him. He's sitting on one sofa and Matt's on the other. "I don't need a condom," I blurt out.

Paul's brow lifts. "What the fuck?" he says. He shakes his head. "Go get a condom. Don't be stupid."

"I'm not stupid," I say. I'm not. I'm really not. Am I?

Matt heaves a sigh. "You should ask why he thinks he doesn't need one," he says. He shakes his head like we're both the worst kind of stupid.

"Why do you feel the need to pry?" I ask. I'm twenty-one f**king years old. I'm not a child.

"That's what I do," Paul warns. He pats his chest. "I f**king care about you, doofus."

Matt coughs into his fist. "So, why don't you need a condom?" he asks gently. He holds up a hand to stop Paul's upcoming tirade. "I'm sure there's a good reason."

I scrub a hand down my face. She wouldn't like me discussing this with them, but they're not going to shut up about it until I explain. "She's on the pill," I hiss.

Paul laughs and points toward his bedroom. He put Hayley to bed when she fell asleep, a few minutes after the movie started. "So was Hayley's mom. And look where that got us." I open my mouth to speak, and he holds up a hand to stop me. "I love that little girl more than anything, and I don't regret one thing about the way she got here, but the pill is about ninety-four percent effective, dumbass." He throws a pillow at me.

"I'm going to marry her," I say. It's like I have diarrhea of the mouth.

"You better," Matt murmurs.

"I will!" I shove him in the shoulder. "I have to win her father over first, and then I'm going to marry her." So there.

"Does she want kids?" Matt asks. He would ask the difficult questions.

"She's afraid she won't be a good mother," I admit. "But she's wrong."

"What's she afraid of?" Paul asks.

I can't tell them about her not being able to read well. Her dyslexia makes it really difficult for her, and she has trouble even with simple sentences. "She just has some fears is all." It's not my secret to tell. Even to them.

Paul is like a dog with a bone. "You want to finish college, right?" he asks.

I want a cigarette. I quit smoking when Matt was sick with cancer, but I still want one at times like these.

I nod.

"Then go get a f**king condom." His eyebrows draw together sternly. "Fuck. You've been doing it without one."

I bite back a growl. "She's on the f**king pill. Quit being such a dick."

"If you don't use one, you have about ninety-four percent chance of finishing college. A ninety-four percent chance of getting a good job that will impress her father and keep her comfortable. A ninety-four percent chance of not getting her f**king pregnant!"

"Ninety-four percent is worst-case scenario." I am a rational adult. Right?

Paul growls and yanks at his short hair. "Listen to me," he says, leaning forward. "I know you love her, and, hell, I love her too. And Matt would throw you off a bridge if he thought he could have her." Paul chuckles and a grin he doesn't want tips his lips.

"Ew," Matt complains. "I don't like her like that." He points a finger in my face. "But I will throw you off a bridge if you hurt her."

I shove his hand out of my face. "I wouldn't hurt her for anything." I clutch my fist to my chest. "I felt like part of me was missing when she was gone." I shake my head. "I swear to God, I am not sure I could live without her."

I look toward my bedroom, and my world settles knowing she's in there waiting for me.

"You're not going to listen to me, are you?" Paul asks.

I see my door open, and Emily stalks out. She's wearing my shirt, and it comes down to her knees. She stomps into the kitchen, and I see her lips moving, but I can't catch a word. She goes to the drawer, takes a handful of condoms and carries them back to the room, mumbling to herself the whole way. When she gets to the door, she holds them out like a prize and says, "Do you think this is enough?" Then she goes into the bedroom and slams the door behind her.

"Well, I'll be damned," Paul says. He drops back heavily against the couch. "I didn't mean for her to hear me. "Why is that she always hears me when I don't want her to hear me? Fuck," he breathes.

Matt's doubled over with laughter. "That was the funniest thing I've ever seen." He points at Paul. "She's so pissed." He shoves my shoulder. "You'll be lucky if you get laid at all." He laughs like hell. I can't figure out what's so funny. They probably just ruined my night.

"You are not amusing," I say. But a grin tugs at my lips, too. Damn, she was pissed. But she just solved my problem. "Now we have condoms. A lifetime supply. Are you happy?"

Paul snaps at me, "I would be happy if you'd use them." His face softens. "I am just trying to take care of you. I would do the same thing for Sam or Pete or Matt."

Matt nods dramatically at me. "We're all subject to the condom talk. He brought one to me in bed one time when he realized he didn't see me go to the drawer."

"And thank God for that," Paul bites out. "Because if you'd gotten April pregnant, where would you be now?"

Matt sobers. "I'd be a f**king father. Which is something I'll never be." He lumbers to his feet. "I'm going to bed now," he says. I can feel the weight of his heavy sigh as it settles around the room.

"Damn, now you make me wish I'd let you get her pregnant," Paul says.

Sometimes we forget how Matt's life has changed. He may never get to have kids. He may not even get to have a life. His future's undecided. But then, none of us have a predetermined life span. His is just more precarious.

Paul grabs the tail of Matt's shirt. "I'm sorry," he says when Matt looks back.

Matt squeezes his shoulder and grins. "Why? Did you give me cancer? No. Cancer is the only one I blame." He grins at me. "Now go get Emily pregnant, Logan. Hurry the hell up." He slaps his hands together. "Chop, chop."

"You sorry f**ker," Paul says. "If I didn't love your sorry ass so much, I'd have to hate you."

Matt looks down at his watch. "Time's a wasting," he warns.

I laugh. I can't help it. The look on Paul's face is priceless.

Paul swipes a hand down his face again. "Just be careful," he says. "Be careful." He shakes his head like he has more to say but now he's talked out.

I lean over and bump fists with him. "Thank you," I say. "I love you."

"Yeah, yeah," Paul says, swiping his hand through the air as though he wants to erase our conversation. He looks defeated, and I don't want him to feel that way. Matt closes the door to his room, and I sit down across from Paul.

"I've never felt like this before," I say.

"I know," he admits. "That's what worries me."

"She's the one for me."

"I know." He's quiet, contemplative.

"I'm afraid," I blurt out.

"Of her?"

"Fuck no. Not of her." I point toward my room. "Did you see what she looks like now? Her f**king earrings cost more than our yearly rent."

"All the more reason to use a condom. Finish school so you can get a good job that will support her." He sighs heavily. "I'm preaching to the choir." He throws his hands up.

"We've had so much between us since we met," I say. I don't want to talk about it with him. I'll talk about it with her. "I can't explain it."

"I get it." He grabs my knee and squeezes it. "I understand. You finally got her back."

"She'll probably make me use one just for sheer meanness when I go back in there. Do you think she's pissed?" I look anxiously toward the door.

Paul just laughs.

"Her father doesn't like me."

"He doesn't know you yet."

"He knows I'm deaf and that I'm all tatted up." I look down at my arms. Every single tattoo means something to me. I wouldn't erase them if I could.

Paul shrugs. "And neither of those things makes you bad for his daughter." He quirks an eyebrow at me. "Getting her pregnant, on the other hand..." He lets his thoughts trail off.

"He brought her ex-boyfriend to New York to live with her. That's why she's here at our apartment."

Paul purses his lips like he's whistling. "Sorry," he says, when he remembers I can't hear whatever noise he's making. "That's shit."

"She refused to stay there."

"Good girl," he says with a smile. "I knew I liked her."

"Her father is going to be a problem."

"Win him over, dumbass," he says. "You're smart. You want to succeed. You're talented as hell. And you love his daughter. He'll get over the tats and you not being able to hear." He motions absently toward his ears. I've been deaf so long that my family doesn't see it as a handicap. Neither do I.

I push to my feet. "I'm going to bed." Paul arches his brow at me. "None of your f**king business," I grouse. But I rub his head as I walk by, and he shoves my hip to get me away from him. "Love you, dumbass," I say.

"Love you better," he replies. It makes me smile.

I still have a grin on my lips when I open my bedroom door a crack and stick my head in. I am prepared to retreat if a shoe or a lamp flies in my direction. But the only thing I see is Emily sitting on my bed with her guitar across her lap. Her fingers absently strum the strings, and she twists the tabs at the top of the guitar. I have no idea what they're called or what she's doing, but she is obviously absorbed in her task.

She looks up when I step up to the edge of the bed, and a smile hovers over her lips. "I missed my guitar," she says.

She left her guitar with me when she went back home three months ago. "It missed you too," I say.

I sit down on the edge of the bed and take her in. Her hair is shoved back behind her ears, and her legs are splayed open. I can see the strip of her pink panties between her legs, and I lick my lips. I lean forward and pull her toward me, my hand cupping the back of her neck. I kiss her quickly. "Sorry about Paul," I say.

She shrugs. "He cares about you. I think it's kind of sweet." Her face puckers. "Intrusive," she says. "But still sweet."

"I'll tell him tomorrow that you called him sweet. He was worried you'd be angry at him." There was a time before she left when she walked up behind him just as he told me I should f**k her and get it over with. And now this mistake.

I take off my jeans, lie down on the bed on my side facing her, and prop my head on my upturned hand, my elbow pointed toward the wall. "What were you playing?" I ask.

"Nothing yet," she says with a smile. "I can take requests."

I shake my head. This is one area where I can't bond with her. "I don't know anything at all about music," I say. "Sorry." I know it's important to her. Kind of like a mainstay in her life.

"You can't hear this at all?" she asks. Her fingers strum across the strings again. "That?"

I shake my head. I wish I could hear it, but I can't.

"Can you hear any music?" She's curious. I like that.

I nod. "I can hear the rock bands at the club. Or rather, I can feel the beat and the rhythm of the song when rock and roll is playing."

"Can you dance?"

I roll my eyes. "Can I dance? You have to be kidding me." I motion to my body. "I have rhythm."

Her face colors. That's not quite the rhythm I meant, but I'll take it. "Someone is thinking naughty thoughts," I tease.

I reach for her toe, but she jerks it back before I can tug on it. "I'm sorry I can't enjoy your music," I confess. "There's nothing I would like more than to hear you play. I want to experience everything that makes you happy." I shake my head. I don't usually feel left out of anything, but I do now.

She sets her guitar on the floor. "Thanks for hanging onto my guitar for me," she says, leaning toward me. She gets up on her hands and knees and crawls over.

"Why did you leave it?" I ask as she rolls herself into my arms.

"I knew I'd be back. I just didn't know when," she says. "I wanted to be sure you knew, too."

"I knew. The minute you made your big announcement on TV, I knew." When she went back home, there was a press conference and everything. She announced that she would be coming back to New York. Back to me.

I slide my hand under her shirt to rest on her waist, and I draw little circles above her panties. I lift her arm and kiss my way up her tattoo that has my name in it. "The tattoo helped."

"You can thank Paul for that," she says, giggling as I tickle her lightly across her stomach. I slide my hand into the edge of her panties, and she stills in my arms. "This okay?" I ask.

She nods, drawing her lower lip between her teeth. "You want to try out one of those cherry-flavored condoms?" she asks.

"I don't particularly care if my junk smells like pie," I say. She laughs.

I hook my fingers in the sides of her panties and pull them down her legs slowly. Her exhale brushes against my forehead as she lets out a deep breath. She kicks her feet when I get to her ankles, and her panties go flying.

I inch her shirt up her belly, placing quick kisses to all the skin I uncover. Her belly quivers when I lick the underside of her breast. With a quick jerk, she reaches down and pulls the shirt over her head. She's nak*d. Completely, delightfully, wonderfully nak*d.

"Damn, that's pretty," I say. She giggles, and her stomach ripples.

I've been with a lot of women, but I've never been with one who works so hard to communicate with me. She knows I can't hear her cries or moans or even startled gasps, but I never feel disconnected from her.

"Do you want me to use a condom?" I ask, lifting my lips from hers long enough to watch her face.

She shakes her head.

"You sure?"

Her eyes meet mine. "If you need one, I'm fine with that. But don't do it for me."

I grin. Thank God. I've never felt this way before, and I don't care to have anything between us.

Emily shoves my shoulder, rolls me onto my back, and climbs up to straddle me, her legs spread on top of me. It seems like hours later that we're both satisfied, and I don't want to withdraw from her.

I still on top of her and start to roll to the side, but her arms wrap around me and hold me close. I rest on my elbows, so f**king spent that I can barely move. I lean more heavily onto her and brush her hair back from her face. She's sweaty and beautiful and mine.

She complains when I move, trying to clutch me closer to her, but I just need to pull the covers back. Then I move her up to the head of the bed and slide in beside her. I cover us both and wrap my arms around her. She reaches over and turns off the lamp. I have a night-light on so that we can have pillow talk, and she doesn't seem to mind it. She's facing me so I can see her lips.

"Should we talk about the condom thing?" I ask.

She blinks those pretty brown eyes at me. "I'm on the pill. I think we're okay."

I kiss her shoulder. "And if we're not?"

"Then we still will be." She grins at me.

Yes, we will be.

Emily

I wake Logan by placing quick kisses across his nak*d chest. He sleeps like the dead, since he can't hear. Nothing usually wakes him, but apparently this does. The sheet tents quickly, prompted by the length of his manhood, even before his eyes blink open.

His arm wraps around my nak*d back, and his blue eyes meet mine. "Morning," he says, looking down at me. "Why are you so bright-eyed and bushy-tailed this early?" he asks. He props a hand beneath his head so he can look down at my face.

"I can assure you there's nothing bushy about my tail." I took care of that with a day at the spa before I came back to New York. I laugh when he chuckles and growls, rolling me beneath him. He tosses the covers over his head and inches down my body.

"What are you doing?" I ask. I quickly realize he can't hear me, and I tap his shoulder. He tosses the covers back and looks up. "What are you doing?" I ask again.

"I didn't get to see enough of your non-bushy tail last night." He grins and works magic with his fingertips. "Not bushy at all," he says.

His lips rest right above where the triangle of private hair would be if I hadn't just had a wax, and he kisses me softly. I squirm because what he's doing feels really good, but I'm also mortified by the intimacy of his actions. He acts like my body has been his since the beginning of time. Like there's no thought of indecency or embarrassment between us. I like it. I like it a lot. I can imagine him having this same intimacy and more with my body when we're both old and gray. When we're helping one another shower rather than hav**g s*x in the shower. When we're bedridden instead of lying in bed making one another sweat. I can already imagine it. And I love it.

Yes, it frightens me sometimes. What sane woman wouldn't be scared to death of a man who can make her feel the way Logan makes me feel? No one.

I love this man. I love every part of him. And he apparently loves every part of me if his questing fingers and his foolish grin are any indication.

I tap his shoulder. "You're going to have to let me up."

His eyebrows draw together. "Why?" He parts my lower lips and blows across the center of me, and my feet arch of their own volition.

A blush creeps up my face. It's absolutely absurd to be embarrassed when his fingers are inside me, but I really have to pee. "I need to go to the bathroom."

He grins and flips me over. I think he's helping me get up, but he's not. He climbs on top of me and straddles my thighs. He brushes my hair to the side and kisses my neck. "Let's try something new," he says. And then he does. And it's magical.

Logan says my name over and over, and I stretch out across the sheets. I can't move. I can't think. I can't talk. He falls down beside me. His breaths are harsh, and he's struggling to compose himself as much as I am.

"Do you still need to pee?" he asks with a chuckle.

"I might if I could move," I say. He tweaks my nose and laughs. It's a throaty sound, and it makes me so happy to hear it. "Where did you learn that?" I ask. I realize my mistake as soon as I make it.

He shrugs and avoids my gaze. I reach for him, making myself come out of my post-coital stupor, and I climb up on his chest, elbowing him so that he winces and I can take his mind off my mistake. I don't want him to feel guilty for his past. I can't change it. And right now, I'm damn glad he has one because I've never had an experience like that. Just think what I was missing.

"You have pointy elbows," he says, pulling my arms to my sides so I fall flat on his chest. I stick my chin into him and laugh. "And your chin, too." He tousles my hair playfully. "Death by elbow impalement," he says. He has dismissed my earlier moment of insanity with my stupid question. Good.

"Sorry I was being nosy," I say quietly.

"You can ask me anything you want," he says. He looks into my eyes. "But you can't get mad at me when I give you the answers." He arches a blond eyebrow. "Do you really want to know where I learned that?"

I push off of him. "No."

He chuckles. "Wait," he says, pulling me back on top of him. "I learned it from a men's health magazine, silly." He laughs. "I wasn't even sure it would work." His laughter rumbles around the room. It's such a welcome sound. He looks down his nose at me. "Did it work?"

"Oh, heck yeah," I breathe. It worked.

He kisses me. "Good."

Logan

I follow Emily into her apartment and stop short when I see Trip lying on her sofa in nothing more than a pair of boxers. He has one hand stuck in the waistband of his underwear and the other is behind his head. He's completely oblivious to the fact that we're there. What the fuck, I sign.

He didn't know we were coming.

I don't give a f**k if he knew we were coming or not. He doesn't live here. And he doesn't live alone. This is shit.

"Trip," Emily calls. She picks up a couch pillow and throws it at his head. "Put some clothes on."

He sits up. "Oh," he says, his smile bright. Then he sees me behind her. His smile falters. "Good morning." He nods at me and gives me a tight, fake grin. "Logan," he says.

"Trip," I say with a nod. Emily walks toward the kitchen. He calls to her retreating back. "A courier came a few hours ago with some clothes. I put them on your bed."

Her head shoots around the corner. "My room is off-limits," she says sharply. Trip grins. I want to punch his f**king face.

"It's not like I've never been in your room before," he says. He's still grinning, and this time, I start toward him.

Emily rushes across the room and stops me by putting her hands on my chest. "Let's go see what my mom sent."

I look down at her. I'll go with her as soon as I deal with Trip. "You go ahead. I'll be there in just a minute." I nudge her shoulder toward her room.

"Logan," she says. Stop it.

Stop what? I go and sit down on the couch beside Trip, cross my foot over my knee, and raise my arms to the back of the couch. "You go shower. I'll catch up with you in a minute."

Emily stomps her foot, and I smile at her. I'm not moving. Not until I tell Trip a few things he needs to know. You may as well go ahead. Trip and I need to talk.

"That thing you two do is rather rude," Trip says snidely, looking from one of us to the other.

"You mean talking?" I ask. I smile at him. To Emily, I sign, Go ahead. I won't hurt him. I promise.

You swear it?

I draw an x over the center of my chest. She rolls her eyes and goes into her bedroom.

"It's still just as rude now as it was a moment ago," he says. I imagine he grumbles it, but I really can't tell. He's looking at the TV and not at me, but I can still see his lips.

"What's rude is bringing my girlfriend home and finding her ex-boyfriend in her apartment wearing nothing but his boxers." I smile at him. I work to look relaxed, but I'm not.

"She was my girlfriend first," he says. He reminds me of Hayley when she's really tired and doesn't get her way.

"I'm pretty sure that ship has sailed." I grit my teeth.

He shrugs. "Never know. That ship might come around again."

"You're totally f**king up the Bro Code, dude," I say.

"Bro Code?" he asks. "We'd have to be Bros"-he draws quotes in the air-"for that to be a concern, wouldn't we?"

I nudge his shoulder with mine playfully...and forcefully. "Oh, we're Bro's. You just don't know it yet. I can be your best friend or I can be your worst enemy. But I can't be your best friend while you're living with my girl. Or while you're in your boxers." I look down at the offending item. "Put some f**king clothes on when you're outside your room," I growl.

Shit. I was trying to stay so calm. I fail. Game over.

He bites his lower lip as though he's laboring over something snarky to say. "See, Logan, that's just it. This is my apartment right now. So I can walk around dressed any way I like."

"Well, in that case," I start. I get up, stretching broadly. "Emily and I will just have to stay in her room for a bit. Until you can decide to put some clothes on." I pat his nak*d knee and flash a conspiratorial grin. "There wasn't a TV in her room the last time I spent the night there." His grin falters. "But I'm sure we can find something to occupy the time." I wink at him. "Bet you f**king wish you were me right now. One-so you don't have to hear me with Emily." I point to my ears, reminding him I'm deaf. "And two-so you could be alone with her in her room. Naked." I make a tsk, tsk, tsk with my mouth. "Of course, if you were dressed, we would be able to hang out here with you."

He gets up and stomps toward his room. A minute later, he comes back wearing lounge pants and a T-shirt.

"Thank you," I say.

"You're not welcome," he replies. He sits up and looks at me over the back of the couch. "You know I had her first, right?" he says.

"I know you f**ked it up by insulting her." I cross my arms in front of my chest. The idea of him calling Emily stupid makes me want to body slam him.

His shoulders shake as he laughs. "Is that what she told you?" He starts to flip channels on the TV.

He's baiting me, but I can't stop. "Only a royal dumbass would try to hurt a girl like her," I say.

He gets up and walks toward the kitchen. He pats my chest as he walks by me. "Just remember, Bro." He gets in my face, and his lips move slowly. "I popped her f**king cherry."

He must see the anger in my face because he suddenly backs up.

But he knows he has me at this point. He has insulted Emily by talking about intimate matters that never should have left the bedroom. I fight back the urge the punch him.

"Oh, that bothers you, doesn't it?" he asks. "The fact that I've been inside her. I've had her on top of me and under me and with her mouth wrapped around my-"

I shove him so hard that his head hits the wall. I can feel the vibration of it in the floor. "Shut it," I say.

"Why?" He grins. "Are. You. Having. Trouble. Following?" He says it slowly. "I f**ked your girl." He shrugs. "Or you're f**king my girl? I don't know which it is. But I know I don't have to like it. She'll get tired of you, and when she does, I'll be here with her daddy's blessing, waiting to put a ring on her finger."

"It'll never happen," I growl. I want to pound his face into the wall, but I know I can't.

"Wait and see," he says.

"Get your own place to live and stay out of her life, Shit."

He grits his teeth. "It's Trip."

"That's what I said, Shit." I place my fingertips over my mouth. "Oh no!" I cry like a girl. "Did I make a mistake? Sometimes us deaf guys, we can't enunciate properly." I can enunciate just fine, but I choose not to because I've finally pissed him off. "You understand my problem, don't you, Shit?" I grab the front of his shirt and jerk his face close to mine. "If you ever talk about Emily the way you did a minute ago to anybody, including me, I'll wrap your little dick around your throat and tie a f**king knot in it. Do you understand?"

His gaze drops from mine. I think I've finally made my point.

"I think Emily can make her own choices." He adjusts his clothes when I let him go.

"She already did."

I'm talking to his back by this point. His door slams.

I start toward Emily's room. Maybe I can help her get dressed. But just as I'm about to turn the knob, the front door opens and her parents walk in. They may have knocked. I can't be sure. It seems like Shit would have come out if he'd heard a bell or something. Or Emily. They're her parents and they pay for the place, so I guess they can do what they want.

"Logan," her mom says, walking quickly toward me. She's a pure delight, and I'm surprised I like her as much as I do. She hugs me and pats my back. "Where's Emily? Did the clothes I sent fit?" She looks down at what I'm wearing and grimaces. I see that they're dressed really nicely when Mr. Madison helps Mrs. Madison take her coat off. She's wearing pearls and diamonds, and her blue dress probably costs more than a car.

"Emily is getting dressed first," I say, nodding toward the bedroom.

She hurries in that direction and slips into her daughter's room, closing the door behind her.

I stand there starting at Mr. Madison like an idiot. I made an ass of myself the last time I saw him, walking out the way I did. I really want to have a good relationship with him. I stick out my hand, and he reaches for mine, squeezing it tightly as he looks into my eyes.

"Mr. Madison," I begin. I don't know what to say.

"Mr. Reed," he replies. He lets my hand go and stares at me like he's waiting for me to apologize. I wouldn't do that on my f**king deathbed, because I don't think you should apologize for anything unless you're sorry.

"Logan," I say, correcting him.

He just nods.

"Mr. Madison, I wanted to talk with you," I begin. I don't know the right words to say what I want to say.

"Yes, I'd hoped you would."

He sits down in a chair and motions to the couch opposite him. I sit gingerly, not sure of how to proceed. "The last time we spoke..."

"You mean when you walked out and smashed something?" he asks.

I want a cigarette. I can almost feel one between my fingers. "It was just a trash can." It could have been his face if I wasn't such a gentleman. And he wasn't Emily's father.

"That trash can never did you any harm." But he smiles as he says it, and the pressure in my chest eases some.

"Mr. Madison, I feel like I need to explain my intentions toward your daughter."

He raises an eyebrow. "Do go on."

"I love her like crazy, and I'd like to have your permission to marry her." I blink at him. I need to say more and it's on the tip of my tongue, but the words won't come.

"No."

That's all he says. Just no.

"Mr. Madison," I start. "I'd really like to have your blessing."

"My answer is still no, young man." He leans forward putting his elbows on his knees. "Before Emily was born, I dreamed of what my family would be like. I dreamed of a houseful of kids. But she was the only one. We didn't find out until she was in kindergarten that there was something wrong with her." He shakes his head. "I hope you never find out what it's like to have child with the problems Emily has. It was a disappointment to us all."

I sit back. I suddenly can't catch my breath. I would be honored to have a daughter like Emily.

He goes on, shaking his head. "She'll never be a business mogul or a scientist or a doctor. She'll never be able to fulfill any of the dreams we had for her. But she can marry well." He leans over and squeezes my knee like he's sharing a secret with me. "And you, son, do not fit the criteria."

He holds up a hand when I open my mouth, and I close it. I probably look like a fish flopping on dry land.

"You'll run your little tattoo shop and you'll have a shitty apartment and you'll buy your wife a tiny diamond. And you'll be happy with that. But I'll never be happy with that for my daughter. She deserves better."

"Yes," I agree. "She does deserve better." She deserves better than the father she ended up with. She deserves to have a father who can see the f**king beauty and intelligence that's inside her. "She deserves better," I say again.

"I've decided to let her have her fun until it plays out." He leans back and steeples his hands over his belly. "But when all is said and done, I expect her to marry well. And that won't involve you."

"But-" I can't even get out a sentence. I'm so f**king floored.

"No buts," he says. "Emily is having a last fling before she settles down with a nice young man like Trip."

"Trip thinks she's stupid," I say. I don't even realize it until his eyes meet mine. I didn't mean to say it out loud.

He nods. "The boy knows how to call them, but he's willing to overlook it. She'll make a fine wife. She'll pop out a few kids, and she'll be content." He blows through his lips. "She'll put down that damn guitar and live the only life that is befit her, as the wife of someone important."

"I'm sorry, but I disagree, sir."

He snorts. "Of course you do."

I heave a sigh. "I plan to change your mind, sir."

He shakes his head. "Nothing will change my mind. I knew Emily's future the moment I found out she would never be able to read." He shoves to his feet. "No worries. We'll hire nannies who can read to her children. Maybe they won't turn out like her."

I hope to God that every one of her children turns out exactly like her. She's f**king perfect.

"I won't stop trying." I need for him to know my intentions. "I intend to make myself worthy of your daughter. I want to be sure you're aware of my thoughts on the matter, sir."

He looks down at his watch. "Go and get dressed. I won't let you make us late."

I get to my feet. I can't bite it back any longer. "Sir, with all due respect, you're a f**king idiot if you think Emily's stupid or incapable of learning. She's brilliant. She'll have brilliant children and do brilliant things. And she'll do them married to me." His eyes cloud with anger. I have pushed too far, and I don't care. "I would be honored to have her as my wife, exactly as she is."

"That's because you have no drive," he says with a laugh. I'm glad I can't hear it, because I imagine it like nails on a chalkboard. "That's what you learn when you come from nothing. You have no expectations."

I turn and walk toward Emily's room, my heart beating so hard I'm afraid it's going to thump out of my chest. I knock on the door, and Emily opens it. My breath catches. She's wearing an ivory dress that hugs all of her curves, some clunky jewelry that is probably real and costs a f**king fortune, and she now comes up to my chin in her five-inch heels.

Her eyes narrow. "Are you all right?" she asks. She looks over my shoulder toward where her father is sitting. Trip comes out of his room, and he's dressed for the party, wearing a nice suit and black shoes. He has on a tie. Mr. Madison actually looks happy to see him. Me, on the other hand... I may as well be gum stuck to the bottom of his shoe.

"I'm fine. Your father is afraid we'll be late." I step into the room and let her mother sweep me into a dressing frenzy. I try to put Mr. Madison's comments out of my mind because I'm nauseated every time I think about Emily growing up with that man as her example. This is what she knew. It's no f**king wonder she left.

I decide then and there that I will change her life. And I will do it simply by loving her exactly as she is. It's not as though I could keep from doing that anyway.

I close the door behind me, leaving her with her father and her ex-boyfriend. Her mom glares at me from across the room, tapping her toe on the oak floor. "What did he do?" she asks.

"Who?" I ask. I know whom she's referring to, but my problem is with Mr. Madison, not Mrs. Madison.

"You know who." Her foot starts moving faster. "He makes me so angry sometimes." She picks up a shirt and holds it against my chest. "Not that one," she says absently. She replaces it with another. And another. "She is such a smart girl, and he doesn't give her any credit at all." Her eyes fill with tears, and my heart lurches. This woman knows who and what her daughter is. She knows.

"Why do you let him treat her like that?" I ask.

"Oh, he's really good to her when she's in his presence. So she has no idea how much he worries about her or how much planning he does to be sure she has what she needs."

What the fuck? That's what this woman thinks he does? He belittles their daughter to anyone who will listen, and he just told me Emily is stupid, directly to my face. "Rose-colored glasses," I mutter.

"Beg your pardon?" she says, looking up from the stack of clothing. She draws her lower lip between her teeth and worries it. It reminds me so much of Emily.

"Nothing," I say. "Is this the one?" I take the shirt from her when she nods. "How much do I owe you for all of this?" I ask. I won't be beholden to that man.

She looks like I told her I killed her cat. "Owe me?"

"For the clothes?"

"Oh, these are all Madison Avenue," she says. "They're part of a new line of clothing. Emily is wearing them, too. There will be a lot of models ambling about today. You're really doing us a huge favor by going and wearing the clothes. They're made for a younger, hipper audience than anything we've ever done before. We're not sure how it'll take off." She smiles at me and runs a hand across my cheek. She points to the bed. "Trousers, socks, shoes, and two layers of shirts." She grins. "If that's okay with you, of course."

"It's fine," I say.

"Thank you," she says, looking into my eyes.

"I haven't done anything yet." I smile at her because her eyes are filling with tears and I don't want her to cry.

"You have done more than you will ever know." She sniffs and leaves the room.

I fall back on the bed, rubbing my face with my palms. What the f**k am I going to do about Emily's father? I'm going into war with no weapons in my arsenal.

Emily

Something is wrong. I don't know what happened while I was getting dressed but something is definitely wrong. Logan looks like he's biting the inside of his cheek, and my dad looks smug and arrogant. Of course, that's how my dad usually looks, but now it's amplified. Logan closes the bedroom door behind me, and my mom is in there with him.

"Dad," I say. "Is Logan all right?"

My dad shrugs, looking down at his Blackberry. He doesn't look up. "How should I know?"

"Weren't you just talking to him?" I jerk my thumb toward the closed bedroom door. "He looked irritated when he went in my room."

Dad smirks. "I thought that was his general disposition."

"Logan's a nice guy, Dad," I rush to say. I don't know why I care but I do. I care about what he thinks. I want to please him. I just think it's impossible.

Trip motions for me to follow him into the kitchen. I don't want to spend any time with Trip. But he gets up, and I feel compelled to follow him.

When I get to the kitchen, he's leaning against the counter with his arms crossed in front of his chest. "Just how much do you know about Logan?" he asks.

"I know everything I need to know." I don't need to explain our relationship to Trip, of all people.

"He and I had a talk while you were getting ready." His eyes narrow. "Do you want to know what he had to say to me?"

"Not really." I hold up a hand when he starts to talk. "Why are you doing this, Trip?"

He reaches for my elbow and jerk out of his reach. "Em," he says.

"Don't touch me again, Trip," I warn.

Trip's voice gets soft. "We were good together, Em, once upon a time."

"No, we weren't. We were terrible."

His face falls. "Not until the end. We were fine until that night."

I remember that night like it was yesterday, and it still hurts just as much now as it did then.

"Do I get a pass for being drunk when I said it? Can't you forgive me?" He twists a strand of my hair around his finger and tugs it playfully. I brush my hair back over my shoulder.

We had our rehearsal dinner and all of our friends were there:

"Em, do you know what you want?" he asks, dropping an arm around my shoulders. He looks down at me, and I can see by his dilated pupils that he's hit something a little stronger than champagne. I hate it when he's high, but I have to tolerate him. I'm going to marry him tomorrow.

I look up at the waitress, who has her pen waiting to write down my order. "What do you recommend?" I ask. It's the safest way to get away with not reading the menu.

"Just pick something, baby," Trip urges. He flips the menu open and I try to read it, but the letters blur in front of my face. I get tongue-tied because she's waiting and he's waiting and they're all waiting.

I look to Trip's sister. "What did you get?"

"I haven't ordered yet," she says. She peruses the menu for another moment and calls out her order.

I close my menu. "I'll have the same."

Trip flips my menu back open. "Order whatever you want, sweetheart. Come on, you can do it."

I shove his arm from around my shoulders. "I just gave her my order, Trip. Why don't you give her yours?" I smile at him and pat the side of his face. His eyes are red-rimmed and not completely focused.

"Just read the f**king menu, Em. It's not rocket science." He laughs and snorts, and his buddies laugh, too. They don't know about my dyslexia, that reading is hard for me. But he knows.

His sister says, "She already ordered, Trip. Leave her alone."

He points to the menu. "But she should order what she wants. Not what everyone else wants." He looks down at me. "Don't be stupid, Em. Read the f**king menu."

Tears sting the backs of my lashes. "Let me up, Trip," I say, motioning for him to move.

"Why?"

"Because I need to get up." My voice cracks, and I hate that it does. "Move!" I shove him, and he gets up, stumbling back.

"Em, you're being ridiculous," he says. But it's finally clear to him that he's said enough.

I start to tick items off on my fingers. "First, I was stupid. Now I'm ridiculous. Do you want to keep going?" I put my hands on my h*ps and glare at him.

"Em," he says. He shakes his head. "Whatever you ordered is fine." He points to the chair. "I was just trying to help."

I'm shaking, and I can't stop. This isn't the first time this has happened. But it's the first time he's done it in front of other people. I turn to walk out.

"Where are you going?" he calls to my retreating back.

"I'm leaving."

He sits down. I can still hear him, though. "She'll be back in a minute. Sorry, folks. Must be some pre-wedding jitters."

Pre-wedding jitters my ass.

"Penny for your thoughts," he says playfully.

"I was thinking about that night in the restaurant, the night before the wedding," I admit.

"The night I f**ked it all up." He reaches for me and I sidestep.

"Don't touch me," I say.

"Fine," he bites out. "Just talk to me. We never did talk about that night. We never talked about why you left. Is this about you not being able to learn?" He tries to look like he cares, but I still don't think he cares about me at all.

"I can learn." I point a finger at my chest. "I am smart."

"I know you're smart. I'm sorry I ever said otherwise. I know how smart you are."

I turn away from him. "You called me stupid. You did it in front of your friends."

"I was drunk!" he says. He looks over his shoulder and calms himself. "Either way, don't I get a pass for choosing the wrong word?"

"Do I get a pass for being dyslexic?" I ask.

"I put up with your dyslexia for a long time, Em," he says.

"You put up with my dyslexia?" I can't believe he just said that.

"You can't even read a f**king menu, Em. It can get a little frustrating at times." He smiles at me. But it's one of those smiles that don't reach his eyes.

"How do you think it feels being me, Trip? I'm the one who can't read."

"You won't even try!" He points to his chest. "I was there that night too. You wouldn't even look at the menu. You could have at least tried. That's all I wanted you to do."

"Logan never makes me look at the menu," I shoot back. It's terrible to use Logan as an example, but he is the example for all men. He's what they all should be. He's kind and considerate and smart as hell and talented. And he loves me.

"Logan probably can't read one either."

I gasp. "How dare you?"

"He's deaf, Emily," he grinds out. "How much lower can you go?" He shakes his head. "Or is that what you were going for? Someone more on your level?"

What is that supposed to mean? "Logan is everything that you will never, ever be."

"Well, I hope I'm never deaf, all tattooed up, and poor." He blows a breath out through his nose.

"I'm done with this conversation."

He glares at me. "Apparently."

"Find a place to live, Trip. And do it soon."

He nods. "I'll try."

"Try harder."

He nods at me again.

I leave Trip standing in the kitchen. As I'm walking back out to the living room, my bedroom door opens, and Logan steps out. I have to catch my breath at the sight of him. He's wearing black trousers, a black turtleneck, and he has on a royal-blue button-down shirt with long sleeves that's open at the throat. He's not wearing a tie, and he doesn't need one. Goodness, he looks like he just stepped off the cover of a magazine. He has a jacket thrown over his shoulder, hooked by his index finger.

He lifts the edge of his pants for me. "Are these socks too much?" he asks. He has on socks with multi-colored stripes. He grins.

I shake my head. "None of it's too much." I sweep my eyes from his head to his feet and back again. God, he's handsome. "You look amazing."

"I guess I clean up okay, huh?" he asks. He looks unsure of himself.

"Logan, you look fabulous," my mom says. She claps her hands together like she's at the theater.

My dad is looking down at his phone. "Can we leave now?"

Logan helps my mom into her coat and then helps me into mine. He leans down close to my ear as he spins me away from him. "You look good enough to eat."

My heart leaps. So do you, I sign.

His brows arch. Don't talk like that. I'm wearing some silk boxers your mom picked out. He adjusts his pants.

I grin at him. We get in the elevator, and he signs to me from the back. Are you all right? You look upset?

I'm fine. Just told Trip he has to find a place to live.

He rolls his eyes. He already did.

He's working on it.

I'll believe it when I see it.

Henry rushes forward and opens the door for us when we get downstairs. "You look lovely, Miss Madison," he says to me as Trip gets into the limo. I squeeze Henry's hand. He holds the door of the limo, and I slide inside. Logan gets in next to me, and I don't feel at peace until his shoulder touches mine.

You sure you're okay? he asks. He tucks a lock of hair behind my ear, his hands lingering at my temple. I arch into him like a cat and pull his hand down so I can kiss the center of his palm.

I lean my head on his shoulder and nod. I am okay, as long as he's beside me.

Logan

I don't know what happened while I was getting dressed but something did. I can tell it by the way Emily holds herself, as though she's suddenly made of ice and she's bracing for the break of a hammer against her fragile surface. I'm on one side of Emily, and Trip is on the other. His thigh touches hers, and she moves over closer to me, inching away from him. He spreads his legs wider. I lean forward to look at him around her and look down at his leg. He shifts subtly as his chest bellows with a heavy sigh. But he's no longer pressed along her side.

Her parents sit across from us, and her dad is buried in his Blackberry. Her mom watches my subtle exchange with Trip, and she smiles at me. "Have your fall classes started yet, Logan?" she asks.

I take Emily's hand and thread her fingers through mine, our palms facing each other's. "Yes, ma'am. I started a week ago."

"Shouldn't you be at home getting your schoolwork done?" her dad asks suddenly, looking up from his phone.

"No, sir. I already did all my work."

"What's your major?" Mrs. Madison asks.

"I'm double majoring in Art and Advertising," I say.

Emily tugs on my arm as she sits forward in her seat. "You should see some of his art. It's really amazing."

"Do you do paintings, Logan?" her mom asks.

"I use different mediums," I say. "It depends on what fits the situation."

She points to the tattoo on Emily's wrist. "Like that one?"

"Oh, he didn't do this," Emily says. "His oldest brother Paul did this." She strokes her hand down the inside of her forearm. "It was a surprise for Logan."

"How did you two meet?" she asks. She tilts her head to the side. Something tells me that she already knows the story, but her husband has set aside his Blackberry and is listening now.

Emily looks up at me and blinks her pretty brown eyes. "I went into his tattoo shop to get a tattoo." She grins. "And he put the moves on me." She nudges me in the side. "Can I tell them what happened next?" I can feel her laughter against my side.

"She punched me in the face, Mrs. Madison." I reach up and absently stroke across my nose.

"He tried to put the moves on me, and I was angry." She shrugs, but she's still laughing. "I'll never forget the look on his face."

"One minute I think I'm going to get to spend some time with a pretty girl," I say. Emily squeezes my hand when I say "spend some time" because we both know I tried to lay her, just like I used do with every woman I met. "And the next, she breaks my nose."

Emily laughs. She tugs my sleeve until I look down at her. "You never tried that move on anyone else, did you? After that?"

"You cured me of that particular move," I say. I laugh because it's funny now. It wasn't nearly as funny then. It f**king hurt.

"Was it love at first sight?" her mom asks.

I look down into Emily's eyes. I was intrigued by her the moment I saw that tattoo she wanted. There was so much in that drawing that made me want to get to know her. But she wouldn't let me. "It was almost instantaneous for me," I admit.

Trip jabs a finger toward his throat like he wants to make himself throw up, but I think I'm the only one who sees it.

"It took me a little longer," she says. "He and his brothers let me stay with them for a little while."

Her father arches his eyebrows.

Emily rushes on to say, "He slept on the couch and let me have his bedroom."

Her father glares at me. I only slept on the couch for half of that first night. The rest of the time, I spent in bed with her. I didn't have sex with her, though, not until she was willing to open up to me. She had too many secrets in the beginning.

"My family would like to have you over for dinner one night before you leave town. So everyone can meet." I hadn't told Emily that yet, but Paul brought it up. It's a good idea.

"I think that sounds lovely, Logan," Mrs. Madison says.

"Sounds like an interesting night," Mr. Madison adds.

"I got my class schedule nailed down last week," Emily says, changing the subject. Her father huffs, his chest bellowing with air.

"I hope it's not going to be too difficult for you, dear," her mom says. Emily stiffens.

"I'll be fine with it."

"Anything exciting with your music, dear?" her mom asks. At least she tries to look like she cares.

"There's a big show coming up at the end of the week. I have to prepare an original piece to perform." Her brow furrows, and I can tell she's unsure about it.

"Sounds exciting," her mom says with a smile. She tugs on her husband's sleeve. "Doesn't it, darling?"

He shrugs her hand off his arm. "Sounds like a waste of time."

"Emily's a talented musician," I break in. I won't let them put down her art. "You've never even heard her play."

"And you have?" he shoots back.

"I might not be able to hear, but I can see the passion in her eyes and feel the joy in her heart when she's playing, Mr. Madison." I take a deep breath. "The crowd loves her. And she loves music. So, I love to watch her play." I lean down and kiss her forehead. "I'll be at your show, no matter what."

She smiles up at me and lays her head on my arm.

"So will we," her mother declares. I'm not going to hold my breath.

"I hope you'll get this music idea out of your system soon and get back to real life."

I stiffen, squeezing her hand.

"This is real life, Dad," she says. "This is my life. And I'm living it the way I want."

Her mother winks at her. "Let her be, darling," she says sweetly. But there's some steel behind her words, too, if her posture is any indication.

Everyone in the limo stops talking. I look from person to person, just to be sure I'm not missing anything. But no one is saying anything. Emily is looking past me, out the window. And there's a noticeable divide between her parents. Trip is cool and collected. The f**ker.

Emily

Logan is the most handsome man in the whole room. And I'm not just saying that because he's mine. There are a lot of models wearing Madison Avenue clothes, and none of them wear them as well as Logan does. He's just darn handsome.

My dad's new ad campaign is displayed on bulletin boards around the room. Logan stops in front of one and scrunches up his nose.

"You don't like it?" I ask.

He shrugs. "It's fine, I guess."

I tilt my head, trying to see what he sees in the pictures. "What's wrong with it?"

He shrugs again. "Nothing really. I just think it could be better."

Trip claps a hand on his shoulder. "I'll be sure to tell the big guy how much you like his ad campaign." He winks at me. He's such an ass. I can't believe I ever considered marrying him at all.

"Your dad will have one more reason to hate me," he says. He squeezes my hand, though.

One of the models approaches us and lays a hand on Logan's arm. "Would you like to dance with me?" she asks.

He shakes his head and politely declines. Then he adds, "I'm going to dance with my girl." He takes my hand and pulls me out onto the floor. He smiles down at me. "I can't feel the beat to this kind of music."

He looks around at the other couples. I see my dad step onto the floor with the model who approached Logan, and I roll my eyes. Logan takes me in his arms, his hand holding mine. He pulls me close to him, just a breath away, not touching, and my heart starts to flutter. Will I ever get used to being with this man who makes me feel so perfect?

He picks up the rhythm of the music by watching the other dancers. "You're pretty good at this," I say. He just smiles and shrugs. "Mom made us all take dance lessons when we were young. Paul did a year of ballet before he grew enough balls to tell her he wouldn't do it anymore." He chuckles. I'll never enjoy a sound more than that of his laughter.

When we first met, he didn't speak at all. He started talking again for me, and it took him even longer to learn to laugh. Sometimes he can't tell how loud he is, and he doesn't alter his voice well enough for the situation.

This is one of those times.

My dad shoots me a glare. I look up at Logan and just smile.

"What's bothering you?" he asks.

"Not a thing," I say. And it's not. I'd trade my right arm for his voice, if someone told me I had to choose between the two. Hearing his words, his laughter and his thoughts means the world to me.

My dad dances close to us, and suddenly, he's pulling us apart and taking Logan's place. "You don't mind if I cut in, do you?" he asks Logan, but he doesn't look at Logan when he says it.

Logan raises a curious brow at me. I mouth the word sorry to him. He smiles and shakes his head.

My dad abandoned his dancing partner on the floor, and she approaches Logan and holds out her arms. Logan looks down at her for a moment, and I see his chest bellow with a sigh before he takes her hand in his and puts one on her waist. I don't like it. Not at all.

"Stop looking like that, Emily," my dad warns. "The boy is doing fine."

"I'm not worried, Dad," I protest. Well, I kind of am. Logan isn't used to these kinds of parties. There are a lot of people here who make a lot of money.

"Mmm hmm," he hums. He spins me around in a circle, and surprisingly, it makes me laugh. My dad looks happy.... Something is up. I can feel it.

He skirts around the edges of the dance floor until I lose sight of Logan completely. "You can do better, Em," he says. "A lot better."

I grit my teeth together. "Define better, Dad," I toss back. "I highly doubt that I can do better than a man who loves me like crazy, who will care for me and be there for me for the rest of my life."

"He's not our kind, Em," my dad says.

"He's not your kind, Dad," I breathe out on a heavy sigh. "He's most definitely my kind."

"You can do better." He pinches his lips together in a straight line. "Trip is afraid that you think you can't do better than Logan because of your dyslexia."

I stop and step back. "What?" He may as well have kneed me in the gut. Trip said as much to me, but I never expected my dad to even entertain the idea. "I just want what's best for you."

"Then let me be," I say. I step back, and I walk around the edge of the dance floor looking for Logan. I am seething. The crowd parts to get out of my way. Except for Trip. Trip steps up beside me and holds out his arms for a dance.

"No, thank you," I grit out.

"What's wrong?" he asks, as though he's all concerned.

"Nothing." I don't want to talk to Trip.

"You're angry because Logan went outside with that girl?"

My eyes immediately meet his, and then his gaze skitters away. "What girl?" I ask. The girl he was dancing with? "Why would he do that?"

"I don't know, but they were looking pretty chummy." He shrugs and points toward the terrace.

Logan is coming in the door at the same time I'm going out it. He's tucking his shirt into his pants. My heart stops. He brushes the curls from his forehead and blows out a frustrated breath.

"Where have you been?" I ask.

"With Trip's decoy, I'd suspect." He takes my elbow and pulls me toward the terrace, and I can now see that it's empty. She must have gone in the adjoining door. "I can't believe he did that to me." He looks off into space and rocks his head back and forth. "Well, actually, I can. He's Trip, after all."

"Did what?" I'm so confused.

"She said she was feeling sick and needed some air. And that she was so lightheaded she couldn't walk by herself. So I brought her out here. Then her illness turned into octopus hands." He gropes at me frantically, imitating her movements. His eyes narrow at me. "Did Trip send you out here?"

He did actually. "What difference does that make?"

"That sorry f**ker tried to set me up," he growls. He smacks his hand against the wall. "I'm going to kill that little dicksmack."

I lay a hand on his chest, and he closes his eyes. "She put the moves on you?" I ask.

"If you call those moves," he says. He covers my hand with his, and I can feel the steady beat of his heart. "It was more like she wanted to drop and suck my dick. It was all I could do to get away from her."

I cover my mouth. It's not funny. It's really not. But a laugh bubbles through. He looks so discouraged. He balls his hands into a fist. "I'm sorry," I say, when his eyes narrow at me.

"You think this is funny," he says, and he steps toward me, forcing me to take a step back. My back touches the wall, and his hands land on each side of my head, boxing me in. "You find it amusing, do you?" But his voice has gentled, and he nuzzles his lips against my neck.

"Well, the look on your face was pretty priceless," I say. He finally grins.

"The look that said I needed to get the f**k out of there?" He kisses me softly and tenderly, and I realize he has a smudge of lipstick on his cheek. I wipe it away with my thumb.

"Did she kiss you?" I ask.

"It was more like I had to play 'Dodge the Kisses,'" he says. "She was determined to get lipstick on me."

I wipe at a smudge that's on his neck. This should make me angry. They'd hoped to make me angry at Logan. But I'm really just sad. It hurts me that they would try such a thing on such a good man. "I'm sorry," I say as I place my head on his chest again. He takes a deep breath, and I can feel the tension drain from him.

My mom pokes her head out onto the terrace, her gaze worried. "There you are," she says. "It's time for dinner."

"Do you want to go home?" I ask Logan. I wouldn't blame him if he did.

He arches an incredulous eyebrow. "And let them win? Fuck no. Have you lost your mind?"

He takes my hand and pulls me toward the family table. Both Dad and Trip look sheepish, and Mom looks lost.

"Nice try," I say beneath my breath.

"Em," Trip says.

"We'll discuss it another time," I say to cut him off.

Trip nods. I'm afraid I've just given him hope where there is none-and never will be any.

Logan

I can't believe they f**king did that. Of all the lowdown, dirty, underhanded tricks to play... I pull out a chair for Emily so she can sit down and scooch her closer to the table. I sit down beside her. The waiter brings us a modified menu and leaves them in front of us. The dinner has limited choices.

Trip opens his mouth and starts to read the menu out loud.

"Stop it," Emily snaps.

Trip looks up, his mouth still open, paused on a word. "I was just trying to help. I know how much you hate menus."

I want to punch him in the f**king face.

"I'll be fine," Emily says. She leans over my shoulder and looks down at my menu. "What are you having?" she asks, smiling at me. I know she's not reading the menu. She never does. She wouldn't, particularly with all these people watching. She keeps her dyslexia a closely guarded secret. And she will refuse to show weakness, even at a table full of people who already know.

"I'm trying to decide between the chicken, beef, and fish," I say, giving her an out.

"Which one of the chicken dishes appeals to you?" she asks.

She wants chicken. Okay. Let's go for clue number two. "Chicken parmesan."

Her face lights up. "Ooh, I'll have that, too," she coos.

"I think I'm going to have the filet," I say to the waiter. "Medium."

"I thought you wanted chicken," she says.

I shake my head. I just wanted to be sure she had her choice of chicken. She understands immediately, and my heart warms at the genuine happiness on her face. It's so f**king easy to make this woman happy. So easy. Anyone with a heart and half a brain could do it. But I'm lucky because she picked me.

Trip snarls at us from the other side of the table. He looks pretty unhappy. "Who was the blonde, Logan?" he asks. "You two looked pretty good together."

I take a sip of my water. "You tell me, Trip," I say.

"How should I know?" he asks. "I think she's one of the models. Definitely not someone I'd hang out with."

"Why not?" Emily asks, her smile sweet. "She doesn't make enough money?"

I bite back a laugh. Dinner arrives, and it's really difficult to read lips when people are eating, so I miss parts of the conversation. Dessert comes next, and I can catch more as the forks and the cups slow down.

"Emily," her dad says. "The congressman and his son are here. I'd like for you to go and meet them." He stands up and holds out his hand.

She takes it, looking over her shoulder. I sign the word fine at her really quickly and nod. She can go; I'll be all right.

Mrs. Madison is talking to a woman on her right, and Trip is glaring at me. So, I take out the notepad that's always in my pocket, pull the nub of a pencil from the spirals at the top, and start to sketch. Mr. Madison has a tricky problem within his ad campaign, and I can solve it, so I want to get it down on paper. He may never use it, but if he does, it may score me some points with him. I doubt it. But maybe.

I put my ideas on paper, sketching words and scenes that might be a commercial or print advertising. I'm totally engrossed in my ideas when Emily returns. She sits down beside me and says, "I'm back."

"My world is now complete," I respond.

She rolls her eyes and leans over to kiss me quickly. "That was cheesy," she says.

I shrug. I don't care. It's true.

"What are you doing?" she asks, looking down at my sketch.

"Doodling," I say, grinning at her. She snags the notepad and flips through the pages.

"These are really good," she says. She looks up at me, her brown eyes wide. "I mean, really, really good." She passes my pad back to me, and I shake my head.

"Probably not worth the effort," I say.

She heaves a sigh. "Probably not."

I lay my pad on the table and stand up. "Come and dance with me," I say. I pull her into my arms and spin her around the dance floor. She's breathless when we come back.

I look around for my sketch pad. "Hmm," I say. "It's gone."

"What's gone?" she asks, her cheeks rosy and her breaths quickened.

"My notepad."

She worries her lower lip. "Maybe one of the servers picked it up by accident?" she suggests. "Do you want me to ask?"

I shake my head. "It was just a notepad." I have a lot of them, and they end up scattered all over the house. But as a deaf man, you never know when you might need one.

She looks at me shyly and says, "Can we go and dance some more?"

I'd do just about anything for her. So, we go and dance the rest of the night away.

Emily

It's more than a little awkward when my dad's limo pulls up in front of Logan's apartment building to drop him off. He looks at me like he wants to take me with him, and I want to go. But my dad is in the car, and I know he won't like it. I nudge Logan's leg, and he reaches over, offering his had to my dad.

"Thank you for the wonderful evening, Mr. Madison," he says. He smiles at my mom. "And Mrs. Madison."

Begrudgingly, my dad takes his hand. Logan looks down at me one more time, kisses my forehead, and then the driver opens the door. He gets out of the car and I follow behind him.

"You're staying?" he asks, his face lighting with hope.

I shake my head and nod toward the car. "No. He's going to take me to my apartment."

His face clouds and he looks up at the stars, breathing in a long breath. I don't want to leave him. I want to stay here. This is home. Not my apartment and certainly not with Trip Fields.

My stomach twists with the knowledge that I won't get to sleep in his arms tonight. He won't throw one leg over my nak*d bottom and hold me close to him.

"I have a class at nine tomorrow and another at noon." I say. "So, I'll see you tomorrow night?"

He shakes his head. "My classes don't start until three on Mondays, and then I have a lab at six thirty."

"Oh."

The window of the limo lowers, and my dad barks at me.

"I know!" I shout. "I'm coming!"

Logan brackets my face with his hands and says, "I want to kiss you."

My dad starts to whistle, the window still down. I'm glad Logan can't hear it because it's annoying the crap out of me. "I want to be kissed," I say.

He groans and presses his lips to my forehead, holding them as he breathes in and out, in and out.

In a perfect world, I could go home and we could talk late into the night on the phone. But that can't happen with us. Logan can use a TTY, but it wouldn't be the same.

"Emily," my dad warns.

"I have to go," I say, and I kiss him quickly on the lips. The driver holds the door open for me, and I slide into the car. I feel like he's shutting the door to happiness when I have to leave Logan. I sigh heavily and lean back against the backrest. This sucks.

Logan

I run up the stairs as quickly as I can. Paul is standing in the kitchen and spins to face me when I run in and slam the door.

"Jesus Christ," he says. "Someone stole all your clothes and brought you home dressed like a f**king douche."

"Can I borrow your bike?" I ask, my breath rushing from my body. I need to go, and I need to go quickly.

"It's too f**king cold to ride the bike," he warns, his eyes narrowing. "Why do you want it?" Paul has a Suzuki street bike that he won in a card game. He doesn't drive it this time of the year.

"Can I borrow it?" I ask, hurrying to get my lined overalls and a stocking cap. I don't have a ton of cash for a cab and the subway will take too long.

He opens a drawer and fishes around until he finds the keys. He tosses them at me and my heart leaps. If I hurry, I might be able to get to Emily's before they do.

"Thanks," I say.

I pull on my overalls and get Paul's helmet from the closet. The bike is down in the garage under the building, but there's no guard and no delay this time of the night. I run down the steps, hoping the damn thing starts when I try it.

The bad thing about cars and things with engines is that I can't hear when they start. I can feel the vibrations, though, and I put my hand on it and turn the key. It hums for a second, and then it stops. Of course, this would happen. I'm wrapped like a pig in a blanket and the f**king bike won't start. I turn the key again, and the bike revs to life. I look behind me at the black smoke billowing from it and straddle the machine, kicking it off its stand. It's cold as a witch's tit in a brass bra, but I have a bad feeling about sending Emily home with Trip. I just do. I don't know why. But it's there, and I need to get to her.

The city keeps the streets pretty clear, and cars have been on them all day today. Except for some black ice, I'm not too worried about the roads.

It takes me about fifteen minutes to get to her house. I see the tail lights of the limo pulling away as I drive up. Henry opens the front door and looks out as I stop Paul's bike in front of the door, looking through the window for Emily. She must have already gone upstairs.

Henry motions me forward. "Bring that thing inside," he says. He points to the bike and points to the inside again, like he's not sure I understand. "If you leave it out there, someone might steal it," he reminds me.

It's a small bike, but it's going to leave wet tracks on the tile if I bring it inside. He nods at me in encouragement and jerks his head, gesturing me into the lobby.

I kill the engine and push the bike into the foyer. He points to a storage room, and I roll the bike toward it. He takes a bucket with a mop sticking out of it from the same room, and goes behind the wheels really quickly, cleaning up my mess.

"Sorry about that," I say.

"No worries." He cocks his head at me. "Why weren't you with Miss Madison?" he asks, his brows drawing together.

"Technical glitch," I say, pulling my knit cap from my hair. I blow into my hands. They're f**king freezing, even though I had on thick gloves.

He motions for me to come close to the heater blow his desk. "Warm up a bit. Then you can go upstairs."

I look at him out of the corner of my eye, as if I don't care about the answer to my next question. "Are Emily's parents upstairs?"

He shakes his head. "Just that man. The little f**ker." Henry is a New Yorker through and through. I never can tell, since I can't hear accents, but I can tell when men start dropping the f-bomb where they're from. A laugh bursts from my throat.

"Oh, you have no idea," I say.

"I do know. He threw a fit yesterday when I wouldn't give him a key." He shakes his finger in the air like he's just remembered something. "Speaking of which, I have your key." He reaches into a drawer, takes out a small brown envelope, and places it in my hand with a flourish. I could kiss him, I'm that happy. I shake the key into my hand and thread it onto my key ring.

"Thank you," I say.

He nods his head toward the elevator. "You better go up. She didn't look very happy when they came home."

"What makes you say that?"

"He had icicles hanging from his nuts, if I'm not mistaken," he says with a grin. "That girl isn't giving him a second glance, much less any action."

I really will have to kiss Henry for that. I reach for him, and he jumps back. He's spry for someone as old as he is. "Save that for Miss Madison," he says with a laugh.

I unhook my thermal overalls and step out of them. "Can I put these with the bike?" I ask. He opens the storage-room door back up, and I drape them over the Suzuki. I look at Henry. He looks tired.

"Do you ever go home, Henry?" I ask. It seems like he's here every time I show up.

He smiles softly, but it doesn't quite reach his eyes. "My wife had a stroke recently, so I work to pay for her medical care right now." He shrugs. "They offer me the extra hours, so I take them."

"I'm sorry to hear about your wife," I say. "Will she be all right?"

His eyes skitter away from mine. "I certainly hope so." His chest fills with air as he sighs. "She's at a nursing home temporarily." He smiles. "I saw her at lunch, and I'll go there to sleep tonight."

I squeeze his shoulder. If there were ever a man who needed a hug, it's Henry. In Bro Code, a shoulder squeeze is the same as a hug. "You should go home. You might rest better there."

He smiles and says, "I can't sleep without her, so I might as well sleep at the nursing home. I'd rather sleep in a recliner holding her hand than sleep in the biggest, softest bed in the world." He shakes his head. "Someday you'll know what it's like to wake up with one woman every day for almost forty years." He points toward the elevator. "You'll have the pitter-patter of little feet in the early years."

I point to my ears and laugh. "I can't hear a pitter-patter, Henry." He looks slightly chagrined. "But I get the idea."

"Miss Madison, she's the one for you, isn't she?" he asks.

My heart swells. "The only one."

He claps my shoulder this time. "Then go get her." He shoves my shoulder, pushing me toward the elevator. "Go on now. You don't have to keep an old man company."

I smile and wave at him, going toward the elevator. I turn back at the last minute. "If I can help with your wife, Henry, please let me know. I have a lot of brothers, and they're really good for moving furniture and stuff. When she's ready to come home."

He grins. "I'll take you up on that."

"They're not good for much else," I shout as the elevator doors close. Except for supporting me in everything that I do. Except for loving me unconditionally. Except for when they kick my ass for being stupid. They're useless, all right.

I smile all the way up the elevator. I don't knock when I get to Emily's door. Instead, I use my key.

Emily

Trip gets in the elevator behind me and has the nerve to try to back me into a corner. His arms go to each side of my head, trapping me. I turn my face, because he's had too much to drink. His breath smells like straight-up Jack Daniels.

He was really quiet in the limo coming home, but I have known him long enough to see all the signs. I put my hand on his chest and shove. "Move back, Trip," I say.

He leans down, breathing into my face. I turn my head and close my eyes. Fighting with Trip when he's drunk is like kicking a puppy. A rabid puppy who won't stop foaming at the mouth and trying to bite you. It's the only kind of puppy I wouldn't mind kicking in the teeth.

"I don't want to move back," he says, slurring as he talks to me. "You used to like it when we were close like this. You said I didn't show you enough affection."

He runs his meaty hand down the side of my face. "Back up, Trip," I warn him again. All it would take is one big push, and he'd be flat on his tail. I'm sure of that.

The elevator dings, and I duck beneath his arm. He groans and follows me to the door. "Hurry up," he grouses. "I have to piss."

I shake my head, let him in, and he runs by me, heading straight for the bathroom. He doesn't close the bathroom door, and I can hear him. There's no need to even try to talk to him about respect and his lack of it. He's too drunk.

I look longingly at the front door. Now that he's inside the apartment, I can catch a cab and go to Logan's. My heart warms at the idea of it. I turn toward the door. There's nothing I need here. My bag is still at Logan's apartment. And so is my heart.

Trip grabs my elbow and says, "Where do you think you're going?" just as I reach for the door.

"I'm going to Logan's," I say. There's no need to lie to him. "Get out of my way."

He stands between me and the door with his arms folded, his feet spread wide. Shoot. I should just go to my room and wait for him to pass out. I turn to walk in that direction, but he grabs for me again. I jerk my arm from his grip. That hurts.

"Stop it, Trip," I say. "Just go to bed."

He grabs my h*ps and pulls me to him, grinding himself against me. "I will if you'll go with me."

I wouldn't go to the store with him, much less to bed. "You're drunk, Trip. Go sleep it off."

"I'm not so drunk that I can't get it up," he says.

Yes, I can feel that much against my stomach where he's pressed against me. I take a deep breath and take his face in my hands, looking into his eyes. "Go to bed," I say softly. "We'll talk tomorrow."

He bends his head and presses a kiss to my neck. Then he bites down, sucking hard on my skin. I shove him back, covering my neck with my hand. "What was that, Trip?" I shout. "God, what's wrong with you?"

"It's just a little love bite," he says, grinning. "You used to love for me to nibble on your neck."

"That wasn't a nibble," I say. "It's like you were trying to suck my blood or something."

"I'll suck on something," he says, as his hand comes up to cup my breast.

I can't help it. I slap him. I slap him directly across the face. I hit him so hard that I have to shake the sting from my hand.

It's in that second that I realize my front door is open, and then Logan charges across the room like a bull and hits Trip in the side, tumbling with him to the floor.

"Logan!" I cry, tugging on his shoulder. He has his hands around Trip's throat and noises are coming from his mouth that I don't understand. I've never seen him this angry, but apparently intense emotion affects his speech.

Trip grunts from beneath him, and I see what's going to happen before it ever does. Trip reaches for an urn that's on the floor by the couch, and he picks it up to hit Logan over the head with it. It bounces off his back, though, and just tumbles to the floor. It's plastic, so I don't know what Trip thought he was going to do with it.

"Let him up, Logan," I say, getting my face down near his. "Let him up. He's drunk."

He doesn't let him up, though. He keeps his knee on Trip's chest. He's not hurting him, but he's holding him there. "What the f**k was he doing to you that made you slap him?" he asks.

"He's drunk. Let him up so he can go to bed."

Logan takes his thumbs off Trip's windpipe, and Trip draws in a huge gulp of air. "Call the cops, Emily," Trip starts screaming. Logan tightens his grip again.

"He has to shut the f**k up if he wants me to let him up." He looks down at Trip. "I hate a f**king drunk," he says. "I'm going to let you up, and you're going to go to your room. Do you understand?"

Trip nods. Logan steps back, and Trip scrambles to his feet, nearly falling over in the process. "I should call the cops."

"So I can tell them how you were assaulting me?" I ask.

He looks confused. "I just wanted to kiss you," he whines. He's not pretty when he drinks. Not at all.

I shake my head. "But I didn't want to be kissed." I blow out a huge breath. I feel as though someone pulled the stopper on a big balloon inside me. "Go to bed, Trip. We'll talk tomorrow."

Trip nods, unsteady on his feet. He goes into his room and closes the door.

I draw in a deep breath, and Logan pulls me into him. I let him hold me because I think he needs it even more than I do. I step back and shake out my hand. I really hit Trip pretty hard, and my palm is still stinging.

"What did he do?" Logan bites out.

I shake my head. He's not going to stop asking until I tell him. "He tried to kiss me. That's all." He lays his thumb on my lips.

"He kissed you?" he asks, his voice soft and reverent. His eyes search mine and I know he's watching all my nonverbal cues.

"No," I clarify, shaking my head. "He tried to kiss me. That's a very different thing." I unclip the barrette from my hair and brush it out with my fingers as I kick off my shoes. "What are you doing here?" I finally ask.

"I was worried about you," he admits. His face is stony. "With good reason, apparently."

I wrap my arms around his waist and hug him tightly. "I'm so glad you're here." He helps me shrug out of my coat, and his hands on my arms are freezing. "Why are you so cold?" I ask.

"I rode the bike over here," he admits.

"A bike?"

"A motorcycle, really," he goes on to explain.

"You have a motorcycle?" I had no idea he owned a motorcycle.

"It's Paul's. He let me borrow it." He tips my head to the side to look at my neck. "What the f**k is that?" he barks.

I shake my head. "Nothing."

"It's not nothing, Emily." He growls, and I expect to see him pound on his chest like an ape any second. That would be kind of hot, actually.

I don't want to talk about it anymore. "I'm glad you're here," I say. "Can you help me get out of this dress?" I ask because I want to take his mind off my neck and the mark Trip left there.

He points me toward my room and pops me on my butt. "In the bedroom," he says. He glares at Trip's door.

"He's out for the night. He won't bother us." I have seen Trip drunk enough times that I'm certain of it. "Can you stay the night?"

He follows me into the bedroom and closes and locks the door behind us. With a pensive look, he pulls my lower lip from between my teeth with the pad of his thumb. I hadn't even realized I was biting it.

"You have no idea how much I wanted to kill him when I saw his hands on you," he says.

"Not nearly as much as I wanted to." I turn my back to Logan, and he slides the zipper down slowly. He pushes my hair over my shoulder and presses his lips to my shoulder, making me go all quivery on the inside. "What made you come here?" I ask.

He shrugs. "I didn't want to sleep without you." He tweaks my nose as he starts to unbutton his shirt. He hangs it over the back of a chair, shaking the wrinkles out of it. The racks holding the clothes my mom sent over are still in the corner. "You know," he says. "I was talking with Henry downstairs. Did you know his wife is so ill she's in a nursing home?"

I gasp. I had no idea. "Is she all right?" I ask.

"He goes there every night to sleep because he says he can't sleep without her." He smiles and tips my chin up. "I want us to be like them when we grow up." He grins.

"I think we already are them," I say. It's true. We are. I am not sure I could live without Logan at this point.

He undresses completely and slips between my sheets. I get ready to pull a T-shirt over my head, my back to him when he complains.

"No, leave that off," he says, his voice gruff. I shrug, turn the lights down but not off, and climb into bed with him. And then he shows me all the reasons why I never want to sleep in a bed away from him ever again. And then he shows me even more reasons when he pulls me into his arms and holds me close all night long.

Logan

I like having her legs spread around me. I like it more than I should. Her arms are wrapped around my waist, and her face rests against my back. I made her wear the helmet, but we're only going around the corner so I can drop her off at Julliard, so I'm not too worried about getting caught without one. I pull up in front of the building where her first class is located and kill the engine.

"Do you want me to walk with you to class?" I ask as she gets off the bike and unclips the helmet. She holds it out to me and smiles, shaking her head.

"I can find it." She leans forward and presses her lips to mine. I pull her closer, not ready to give her up yet. She's looking all fresh faced and excited with her hair up in a ponytail and her backpack slung over her shoulders. She says something against my lips, and I sit back so I can see her face.

Thanks for the ride, she signs.

You're very welcome. God, she's so pretty.

She grins and blushes. Thanks for the one last night, too.

I go hard immediately. Be careful, I warn.

Or what? she teases.

I jerk her to me with a quick tug to her scarf, and she laughs. I can feel the quake of her stomach against my hip. I f**king love you so much, I say. I can't seem to stop telling her.

She rolls her eyes, kisses me quickly and says, I just love it when you get all romantic. I love you, too.

I spin her toward her building and tap her on the ass. I have something I need to take care of this morning. Something really important. She waves at me as she walks away, her fingers barely moving. Then she holds up the I love you sign, and I know my name is written right below it.

I stop at home so that I can shower and change. I want to look nice when I go to her father. I need to explain to him, man-to-man, why Emily isn't going to be staying at her apartment, or at least not until Trip's gone. That mark on her neck is inexcusable. It's like he was trying to brand her, even though she's mine. And I simply can't tolerate that. What would have happened if I hadn't shown up when I did?

Paul is just getting up when I come out of the bathroom. "Glad to see you're back to normal," he says, smiling at me over a cup of coffee.

I tell Paul about what happened at the party with the model, about Emily's father, and about what Trip did just before I got to Emily's apartment last night.

He shakes his head. "That's f**ked up," he says. "What are you going to do?"

I heave a sigh. "I think I have to go and talk to her father. Today."

He nods. It's slow but still a nod. He's hesitant, and I don't understand why.

"What?" I ask.

"He's not going to approve no matter what you do. He wants a certain life for her."

"Emily can't read," I blurt out.

Paul spits into his coffee. "What?" he sputters.

"She can read," I correct. "She knows what letters are and how to spell words, but she has dyslexia. Reading is really, really hard for her. That's why her father wants her to marry. That's why he doesn't want her to have an education and thinks she should just marry some rich douchebag. He doesn't think she's worth any more than that."

"Ouch," he says. That's what Paul says when he wants to mull over a tender topic.

"You won't tell her I told you about not being able to read, will you? She hides it really well."

He inhales deeply. "I already knew. I've seen her read to Hayley." He looks into my face. "Is that why you spoke to her?" I went eight years without saying a word. And she made me want to talk again.

I nod. "She couldn't read what I wrote down."

"You talked to her all along didn't you?" He smiles, but it's only a half-smile.

"Pretty much from the day that I met her," I admit. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you." I feel bad now. I went years without speaking. "You guys all made it really easy for me to retreat and not speak since you all learned to sign."

"You're f**king deaf, dumbass. What else were we going to do?"

A lot of deaf families never learn sign language. "I'm sorry," I repeat. "It was easier being quiet."

"She doesn't make anything easy for you, does she?"

"What? She makes everything easy for me. I didn't even choose to talk. It just happened." I smile. She turns me inside out. "I love her so f**king much."

"I know you want to be a man about this, but her father's going to fight you the whole way."

"I know." I wish that wasn't the case. "But I feel like I need to be open with him."

"You're going to get a fat f**king headache from banging your head against that wall."

"She had to wear a scarf to school today to cover up her neck."

"Fucker," Paul swears.

Sam walks into the kitchen in boxer shorts and a T-shirt, scratching his belly. "Morning," he says as he goes to the coffeepot.

Something is going on with Sam and Pete, Paul signs behind his back. You know about it?

What? I ask

They've been hanging out with Bone.

Why? My movements are exaggerated. I'm suddenly pissed.

They deny it. But I hear things. He shrugs. Just wanted to see if you knew anything about it.

I don't know anything about it. I've been a little preoccupied. Sorry. Want me to look into it?

He shakes his head. I'll do it.

Sam turns to face us. "You guys were talking about my ass, weren't you?" He grins. "I know it's awesome, but try to contain yourselves."

Sam makes me laugh. He has this way about him. "Sam, do you think you could make dinner tomorrow night? I want to invite Emily's parents over."

Paul sputters into his coffee again. "Here?" he asks.

I nod. "I want them to see what our family is like. In person."

"Why do I have to cook?" Sam whines.

"Because you're the only one who knows how." I watch him closely. "Make some lasagna or something." I put my hands together like in prayer. "Please?"

He huffs and says, "Sure. But you're going to owe me."

***

Mr. and Mrs. Madison have a suite at one of the larger hotels in the area. Henry is the one who told me that. How he knew, I have no idea, but that man is sharp as a tack. I stop at the front desk, wringing my hands together as I ask for their room number. I have to get this over with. I have to tell them that Emily won't be going back to that apartment as long as Trip is there.

The front desk calls their room, and then they write down the room number for me. My knees are steady as the elevator ascends to the highest floor. Of course, they would be on the highest floor. And in a suite.

Mrs. Madison opens the door and lets me. She draws me in for a quick hug. "Is everything all right?" she asks, her eyebrows drawing together.

"Everything is fine," I say. "Is your husband here? I'd like to talk with him, if it's not too much trouble."

She looks at me, her head tilting to the side as she appraises my face. Finally, her mask of indifference slips back over her face. But this woman is anything but indifferent. She points toward an open door.

Mr. Madison sits behind a desk in a room that's more lavish than any office I've ever been in. He looks up and dismisses me immediately when he doesn't even catch my gaze.

"Logan," he says. "What brings you here?" He doesn't look up from his paperwork, but I need to say this anyway.

"Mr. Madison," I begin. "I need to talk to you." I point toward the chair. "May I sit down?" He looks up at me over his glasses.

"If you must." He steeples his hands on his desk. I finally have his attention. Good.

"I wanted to come to you, as one man to another, sir," I say.

"I believe we're one man short, son," he says.

I steel my spine. I really can't help it if he's not a man. "Be that as it may, Trip went a little too far with Emily last night."

He tosses his pen onto the desk, and I watch it flip until it settles. "What are you talking about?"

"Last night, when you dropped Trip and Emily off at her apartment, he tried to kiss her."

"Just what are you insinuating, Logan?" he asks. "They were engaged, for crying out loud. There's obviously some chemistry there. It's bubbling back to the surface." His gaze is cool. "I know you love her, but let last night prove to you that what they have isn't dead and gone. It's still very much alive."

"Alive?" I ask.

"Yes, alive. He still loves her, and she still cares for him." He actually looks sorry. "I'm sorry it didn't work out for you." He starts to shuffle through his papers again. I'm being dismissed.

"Emily won't return to the apartment until Trip is moves out." I scoot forward in my seat until I'm perched on the edge of the chair. "She's going to live with me. I just wanted to be sure you're aware."

He shakes his head. "No, son," he begins.

"I'm not your son," I bite out.

"Logan," he chides, "my daughter will live exactly where I tell her to live."

"How did that work out for you last year, sir?" I ask. I force myself to relax. "I'm not asking for your permission. I'm telling you how it's going to be. If you get Trip out of her apartment, she'll go back there. If you don't, she'll live with me. Because I won't let her go back there again, not while he's there harassing her." I narrow my eyes at him. "Do you understand, Mr. Madison?"

His face is turning red now, and his pupils narrow. He's angry, so angry he can barely take in a breath. "Do you presume to tell me what my daughter will and will not do, Mr. Reed?"

"I don't presume anything, sir," I bite out. "I'm just telling you what you need to do if you'd like to have your daughter back in her own apartment." I get up, adjust my jeans. "Always a pleasure, Mr. Madison."

I walk toward the door. But that's when I see my notebook, the one I was carrying at their party yesterday. It's by Mr. Madison's elbow.

"I believe this is mine," I say. I reach for it.

"I beg your pardon," Mr. Madison says. "This belongs to Trip." He chuckles and taps his temple. "Smart boy that one. It's a shame you don't have any of his talent." He flips open my notebook and shows me my own drawings. "That boy came up with a way to change my ad campaign. And it's damn good, if I do say so myself. I'm rather proud of him." He smiles at me and flips through my drawings, showing them to me one by one.

"When did he give you these?" I ask.

"This morning. He worked on them all night last night."

Just then, Trip walks in the door. His smile falters when he sees me looking at my own notebook, at the drawings I made, at the plan I came up with. "Mr. Madison was just showing me your drawings," I say. "I didn't know you had it in you, Trip."

"It's funny what you can do when you have a few hours alone to think, isn't it?" Trip adjusts his suit coat, looking nervous as hell. "I did it last night when I was waiting up for Emily to come home." He shoots me a glare. He's daring me to deny that Emily was with me. I won't deny anything, and I won't claim anything. Not today.

Trip smiles at me when I don't respond. He thinks he's won. But I can't help it. I have to do it. I rear back and hit Trip in the f**king face as hard as I can. He falls to the floor like a stone, and Mr. Madison rushes from behind his desk. He calls for security, but they don't need to come. I'm done here.

"Mrs. Madison," I say as I walk past her. I refuse to run. I'm feeling too damn good right now. That f**ker is stretched out on the floor not moving, and I put him there. I'm feeling lighter than I have since he came to town.

Mrs. Madison smiles at me. "Logan," she says, inclining her head. A smile tickles her lips, but she refuses to let it break. "Thanks for dropping by." She covers her mouth when a laugh tries to burst forward.

"Anytime," I reply. I let myself out. I'm done here. So f**king done.

But I stick my head back in at the last minute. "We'd like to have you for dinner tomorrow night, if you're available."

"What time?" she asks.

"Eight? I'll have Emily send you the address."

"We'll see you then." She nods at me again as I slip out the door. I shake out my hand. It hurts like a mother f**ker. But it was so worth it.

Emily

It's late but I can't leave yet. I haven't finished listening to my textbook so I can get my homework done. I paid attention in class, and I even took some notes, but I have to listen to my textbooks, unlike most students. I sit in the library and have my text-to-speech program read to me. I am a good listener, and I can remember most things. It just takes me twice as long to listen to someone else read than it does for most people to read it themselves.

When I have a firm grasp on the material from today's classes, I finally take the headphones off. I look over my notes and smile. I can do this. I am smart. And I have kept my secret long enough. All of my instructors are aware of my dyslexia, and while they're not going to make anything easy for me, they are willing to work with me. It turns out that many musical prodigies struggle to learn in the traditional sense-or so says one of my teachers. He even confessed that he has an "undiagnosed processing problem" that makes learning hard for him. That's why he turned to music in the first place. I like Dr. Ball a lot. He kept me after class to talk about my limitations. Or lack of limitations, as he termed it.

I tried to assure him that I can do anything he puts before me, and I think he got it. I want this. I want it so badly. I want to excel at something even though I read, in a traditional sense, at a first-grade level. I've kept my secret long enough. It's time to let it be known. So that's what I'm doing.

Dr. Ball is helping each of us plan our individual pieces for the showcase. I explained to him what I want to do, and he seemed intrigued by it. Logan can't understand music. He can't understand the rise and the fall of the notes, and he can't understand the tempo or the beat, unless there's a heavy bass. I want to translate music into something he can understand. Dr. Ball hooked me up with one of his other students who does audio-visual work, and he's going to help me make a multi-layered presentation. I already know the song. I have had in my head for years. I wrote it when I used to watch my dad sleep. I would wonder why I didn't measure up in his eyes. I know the song, and I know the notes. Now I just need to work on the actual presentation.

I look up when a man sits down across from me. Logan smiles, his breaths heavy. He props his head on his chin and blinks his pretty blue eyes at me. "Would your boyfriend be mad if I sit here with you?" he asks, his grin almost contagious.

"My boyfriend would kick your ass," I say as seriously as I can. But a laugh escapes me. I look around when the librarian raps her desk with a ruler. I sign to Logan instead.

My boyfriend will kick your ass, I say again. You might want to get out of here. He's a mean SOB when he's provoked.

He laughs with no sound. God, he's so handsome when he smiles. And when he's not smiling. And when he's sleeping. And when he's awake. And when he's breathing.

He takes my hand and swipes his thumb across the back of it. Heat shoots straight to the center of me. I pull my hand back so I can avoid melting into a big puddle on the floor.

What are you doing here? I ask.

He shrugs. I thought you might want a ride home.

Really?

He nods.

I smile. That's so sweet.

Completely self-serving, he corrects.

I narrow my eyes at him. How so?

Maybe I just wanted your legs spread around me on my bike. He waggles his eyebrows at me.

I lean forward as if I need to tell him a secret. Maybe I want my legs spread around you, too.

He groans and grabs my hand. He tosses my book bag over his shoulder and pulls me toward the door. This time, he has two helmets, and he helps me fasten mine. I love that he tries to take such care of me.

My apartment or yours? I ask.

He brushes the hair back that's hanging around my face, pushing it under the helmet. I don't want you going back to your apartment while Trip's there. He looks closely watching my face. That okay with you?

Fine, I say. I kind of like it when you go all Neanderthal. I grin, and he straddles the bike. I climb on behind him and wrap my hands around his waist. He hisses playfully when I lift his shirt and lay my hands against the tender skin of his belly. We zoom through the streets and into the parking deck beneath his building. He bends at the waist and tosses me over his shoulder.

"You haven't seen Neanderthal yet," he warns as he carries me up the steps.

Logan

I'm more nervous than I should be. My brothers have been cleaning all day, and Sam has been cooking like a Top Chef. He's wearing an apron spattered with tomato sauce, and Emily cleans up behind him as he moves from task to task. Sam loves to cook. He's never happier than he is when he's making something for someone to eat.

I should have done a better job planning this dinner. None of our dishes match, but we set the table with them anyway. Hell, our chairs don't even match at our tiny, scratched-up table. It was our mom and dad's, and I love it. It has years of abuse and love etched into its rough surface. There are tracks from Matchbox cars and scuffs from science-project disasters.

Stop worrying, Emily says. It's just dinner.

It's not just dinner. It's so much more.

I'm not worried. Your mom will love the food. And your dad won't be able to complain about anything Sam has made. Of that, I am one hundred percent certain. He might not like the company or the accommodations or the jelly jars that we use as glasses, but he will love the food.

Emily rushes to the door and opens it when the bell rings. Her parents come in, and her dad looks around our apartment, his nose in the air. Her mom exclaims over the smell of the food.

"Mom, Dad," she says. "This is Paul, and Sam, and you've heard all about Matt."

Matt steps forward and shakes hands. "I believe I owe you a debt of gratitude," he says.

"You don't owe us a thing," her mom gushes. She pulls Matt to the side so she can fuss over him.

Sam takes his apron off and declares, "The chef is done. It's time for the serving committee to take over."

"You're not staying?" I ask. What the fuck?

I have to go and find Pete, he says. He should have been home hours ago.

Is something wrong?

He shrugs. I don't like it-he won't look me in the face.

I'll be back as soon as I find him. Save me some lasagna. He nods toward Mr. Madison. That one looks like he can put away some food. He grins and sneaks out the door before Paul can catch him.

"Mr. Madison," I say, extending my hand. He takes it and shakes, his grip tight.

"Logan," he says. "Thanks for having us."

"Thanks for coming."

"Shall we eat?" Paul asks.

###

Conversation is stilted, our plates are now empty, desert has been consumed, and I'm just about convinced that Mr. Madison doesn't have a soul at all when Sam runs in the door. He's filthy, his shirt is torn, and he smells like he's been in a Dumpster.

I'm so sorry, he signs to Emily. He shoots an apologetic glance at her. But we have a problem. Pete has been arrested.

For what? Paul asks, but he's already crossing the room to get his coat. I'm right behind him.

We were with Bone, Sam admits. He avoids Paul's gaze. And the cops showed up.

Where is he now?

At the police station.

They put him in cuffs? Paul asks.

Sam nods.

Emily saw the entire conversation. I'm going with you, she says.

I nod. What about your parents?

Emily asks her parents if they can give us a ride to the station. I think we're done with them, but their driver parks the car and they get out with us.

"I'll know what my daughter is involved in," Mr. Madison says when I tell them that they don't have to go in with us. I nod. If she was my daughter, I would go too.

Paul rings the bell on the desk and waits for the officer to help us. I can't follow what they say, but I know Paul will tell me when they're done.

Paul hangs his head in his hands and turns back to us. "They're not going to let him go home. He needs an attorney."

Emily goes to her dad and tugs on his jacket. "Dad, can you call someone?"

He shakes his head. "It's time to go home, Emily." He takes her elbow, but she jerks out of his grip.

"I'm not going anywhere."

"If you go with me now, I'll find representation for him." He looks smug, and I want to punch him in the face like I did Trip. I rear back, and Paul grabs my arm.

Let me do it, he signs. I won't regret it later.

Neither would I.

Emily steps back from her father and stands with Matt, Paul, and me. "You should go home," she says. "I'm staying here." She turns her back on her parents, and we start to plan how to find an attorney for Pete.

This is really bad. It's not a hold-him-for-twenty-four-hours kind of thing, Paul explains. He's really in trouble.

It's okay. We can work this out. We always do.

Only it's not so easy this time. Pete's waiting for arraignment.

I sigh, and Emily's parents leave. She stays with us, of course, and helps us plan. She's family now. I draw her to my side. They're keeping my brother, but I'm taking Emily home with me.

She helps me undress, and then she shoves me onto the bed and helps me forget all the shit that Pete's gotten into. At least for tonight.

Emily

My mom is waiting for me outside the school after my last class. She wants to go and get pedicures, but that's usually code for "let's talk." I take a deep breath and slide into the car.

She pats my knee. "I won't torture you with a pedicure today." She smiles at me as though she's waiting for me to talk.

"Mom," I start. She waits, smiling patiently at me. I never thought I'd be in this predicament with my mom.

She holds up a finger to stop me. "How's Peter?"

"Still locked up," I mumble.

She purses her lips.

"I don't want to hear about it, Mom. He made a mistake. That doesn't mean Logan's a mistake."

Her brow furrows, and she lays a hand on her chest. "Have I ever said that Logan is a mistake? Ever? That boy is the best thing that has ever happened to you."

Even with everything that's happened, she still thinks that? I lean forward and wrap my arms around her. "Thank you."

"What can I do to make things better between you and your father?"

"Get him a lobotomy?"

She rocks her head back and forth like she's mulling it over.

"Neuter him?"

Her eyebrows shoot up to her hairline. "I think not."

"Ew," I groan. But she makes me laugh. "He can't keep holding his money over my head. Or their heads, for that matter." I cross my arms in front of my chest.

"I think you've shown him that money isn't a motivator for you. Or for them." She glares at me.

"What?" I ask.

"What can I do to make it better between you and your father?" she asks again.

I shrug.

"When is your show?"

"Tomorrow night."

"Do you want him to be there?"

Do I? I don't know if I do or not. He won't appreciate it either way.

"Think about it," she says.

"Bring him there. It'll be the last time I ever worry about pleasing him if he doesn't show up."

She nods. She gets it, I think.

Emily

Tonight is my big night, and the auditorium is completely filled. The announcer goes to the microphone and welcomes the audience. Julliard does nothing in small measures when it comes to performances and this one is no exception. There are lights and cameras and there will be action.

I'm a little nervous as they call my name. Dr. Ball assures me no one has ever performed a piece like this, and he's worried about my overall presentation. The timing has to be perfect or none of it will work. I have practiced and practiced and practiced some more. I have barely had a moment with Logan all week, because I have been perfecting this piece. And he's been a little preoccupied with Pete's situation. But every night, I sleep in his bed. Every day, I wake up in his arms. Every minute, I know how much he loves me. Even with all the trouble Pete's in, Logan is dedicated to me. Pete has a public defender, but his fate is still undecided.

I walk onto the stage, and I can't even see the audience past the lights. But I can hear all the Reed boys as they call my name and cheer. I raise my hand to shield my eyes, and I can see them there. They're on their feet clapping for me. The rest of the audience is subdued, but Sam yells, "Get 'em, Emily!" He makes me laugh. Paul whistles through his teeth at me. I'm so glad they're here. The person I most want to see isn't there, though-my dad's not with them. My mom is but not Dad.

I should have known he meant what he said when he'd left me that night. I should have known that he was done. He's proven it now. But then I see people in the row stand up, and a male form scoots down to join the four Reed brothers and my mom.

My dad's here. He's really here.

Tears prick at the backs of my lashes. My dad is not standing and clapping with the boys. He looks put out by it, honestly. I wish my dad had the same kind of enthusiasm that the Reeds have when it comes to my music.

I sit down on the stool in front of the microphone, and I plug my guitar into the amp. I speak into the crowd. "Good evening, friends, family, and distinguished guests." I take a deep breath. "I hope you all will indulge me because I'm going to try something new tonight." I laugh. "I wanted to take my music to a new level." I shrug my shoulders. "I just hope you like it." I look toward Logan. Then I look at my dad. "And I hope he likes it."

I set up the screens and projectors behind me before the performance, but as I start to play my guitar, I begin with a simple melody. I look over my shoulder to make sure my timing is right. Butterflies light up the screen behind me, and I play along with their movements. I have timed everything perfectly. They don't just fly; they pulse. They pulse along with the rhythm of the song.

I see Logan sit forward in his seat. This part is for him. This part is so that the can feel the rhythm and movement of my song. This is the treble clef that he's missing. This is the part he can't feel in the beat of the bass through the floor. But he can see it.

I keep playing, and the butterflies move up and down with the notes of my guitar. They fly high and they fly low, and they keep shifting with the beat.

I open my mouth, and the butterflies become the words of my song. I have timed them perfectly to my tempo and my melody, and they grow large when my words are strong and small when my words are soft. The words on the screen are for Logan. The theatrics of this piece are all for him, but the words coming out of my mouth are for my dad and my dad alone:

You've been asleep for some time now .

I've been watching you for a while now.

This is oh so hard when you're awake

Because when you look at me I just start to ache.

I try to be

All that you want to see,

But you know how it goes.

Nobody else knows

That I can't be what you need me to be.

I look at the words on the page

As they swim and they rage.

They fight me even though I try,

Sometimes I still wonder why.

The storm rages all around me.

What I need is for your arms to surround me.

But what I get's not the same.

I get scorn, pain, and shame.

I try to be

All that you want to see,

But you know how it goes.

Nobody else knows

That I can't be what you need me to be.

I look at the words on the page

As they swim and they rage.

They fight me even though I try,

Sometimes I still wonder why

What can I ever say

To make you love me today?

I'm willing to forget yesterday.

I need you... .Mmmmmmmmmmm

I try to be

All that you want to see,

But you know how it goes.

Nobody else knows

That I can't be

what you need me to be.

I look at the words on the page

As they swim and they rage.

They fight me even though I try,

Sometimes I still wonder why.

You've been awake for a while now.

Can you love me no matter how,

Can you take me as I was born

Instead of insisting reform?

You're supposed to love me no matter what,

But I can see you'd rather

Have anyone but me on your side.

This has been a long ride.

Every time I'm ready to give up on you

He won't let me give up on you

Even though you gave up on me long ago, Dad.

I can't help that I was born this way,

But you can help that you see me that way.

Because I am not broken,

And I'm still always hoping

That one day you'll see I'm just me...Dad.

The music stops and the spotlight on me dims as the crowd falls completely silent. I wipe the tears from my face and set my guitar to the side. The stage lights are taking forever, and I can't figure out why.

There's a pregnant pause. Maybe I went too far. Maybe I should run out the back door rather than face the scorn of the audience. I just poured my heart out up here. And I did it for one man. Sure, the lights and the performance were for Logan. I wanted him to know what I had to say, and he wouldn't hear it in the words of my song. The rest of it...

I hear the sound of hands clapping together. It's not a crowd of people. It's just two hands clapping. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. It's slow and methodical. And then I hear his voice.

"Well done, Emily!"

My heart leaps into my throat. That's not Logan or any of the Reeds. That's my dad. My dad is clapping for me.

The stage lights come on, and I can see him standing at the foot of the stage. He's clapping like crazy, and he has tears running down his face. Certainly, it didn't affect him this much.

"Emily!" he yells, his hands cupping his mouth, even though I'm only ten feet from him. "I'm so proud of you!" He yells out words like "brilliant" and "amazing" and "awesome" and he turns to someone behind him and says, "My daughter is so talented. Did you see that?" He's crying unabashedly, and so am I.

The crowd is getting over my dad's emotional outburst, and they all get to their feet, clapping for me. I walk toward my instructor and he says, "Excellent job, Miss Madison."

"Did I do all right?" I ask him quietly. He points toward the crowd. They're all on their feet. They're giving me a standing ovation. "Wow," I breathe.

"Congratulations, Miss Madison. I'd say you've found your calling." He motions me forward. "Take a bow."

I step forward on quivering legs and bend at the waist. The crowd is applauding wildly, and my dad is still standing directly in front of the stage. He's the loudest one of all. He holds up one finger to tell me to wait. I see him dodge around the side of the stage and up the stairs. And in front of the entire auditorium, my dad sweeps me into a hug. He spins me around in a circle, my feet flying. "I'm so proud of you, Emily!" he yells.

He still hasn't wiped all the tears from his face, and he doesn't seem to care. He speaks in my ear. "I never knew, Emily. I'm an idiot. I never knew." He squeezes me to him again. "That was the most beautiful thing I've ever heard." He takes my face between his palms and stares into my eyes. "Can you ever forgive me?"

He lets me go without waiting for an answer and stalks over to the microphone. "That was my daughter," he says. "I had no idea she had that kind of talent." He stares at me, his voice cracking. "I've never been so proud."

The teacher beckons us off the stage with a quick flick of his wrist. I drag my father toward the back curtain and slip behind it. Waiting there are all the Reed brothers and my mother.

Sam gets to me first. He scoops me up and spins me around. "You showed them," Sam says in my ear. He smacks the side of my face with a loud kiss. Paul ruffles my hair with his huge hand, and Matt pulls me to him and holds me tightly.

"Did Logan leave?" I ask him when he finally steps back.

He shakes his head, smiles, and points over my shoulder. Logan is leaning against the wall. He's not rushing toward me. Instead, he's standing there with his foot flat against the wall, his knee bent. He has a bouquet of roses in his hand.

I love you, I sign.

He hands the flowers he's holding to my mom and then he signs back. You were brilliant up there. He points to my dad and grins. Just ask him. He'll tell you. But then he sobers. You did it, Em. You did it.

I know what my dad thinks. I want to know what Logan thinks. What did you think you of my performance? I bite my lower lip.

I've never known what music felt like before, and I know now. Thank you. But I already knew you were f**king brilliant.

I run over and wrap my arms around him.

He tips my face up. "No one has ever done anything like that for me before."

"I'd do just about anything for you."

My mom finally gets to hug me. "You should have seen your dad's face the minute you started to sing. He had no idea you had that in you. And then he realized the words were about him. He sobbed through the whole performance."

"I did not sob," my dad complains, his voice gruff but playful.

"Cried?" Paul suggests.

"Boohooed?" Matt tosses in.

"Wailed like an infant?" Sam says.

My dad huffs, but he's not angry. "I'm just so proud of her!" My heart expands in my chest at his words.

Logan drops an around my shoulders. "So am I."

Paul yells, "I think that's pretty much unanimous!"

"I'm starving," Sam calls out. "Can we go get a pie?" He rubs his stomach.

Dad laughs. "The pie is on me."

"Better make it pies," Paul says. "You've obviously never seen these boys eat."

We start to the restaurant on foot, since it's only a short walk away.

My dad puts his arm around my shoulders and walks with me. "You really surprised me tonight," he says softly.

"I can tell." I laugh. But it's not a funny topic, not to me.

"I'm sorry, Em. I should have heard you play a long time ago. I would have understood why you have this passion for music. You're talented."

I wrap my arm around his waist and lean into him. "Thanks, Dad."

Logan and the boys have already crossed the street, as has my mom. I stoop to tie my shoe, and my dad stops in the middle of the road. He waits for me.

I hear the screech of the tires before I even see the car careening in our direction. The ice on the street is thin and black and hard to see. The car can't stop. My dad stands there immobile, frozen in the headlights. The car swerves, but it's not enough. My dad is directly in its path.

The scene freezes in my head, like a film played in slow motion.

"Dad!" I call. I run toward him, but then I look over his shoulder, and I see the moment Logan makes his decision. His blue eyes meet mine, and he looks directly into my face as he steps into the path of the oncoming car and shoves my dad to safety. My dad falls onto the concrete beside me, and the car hits Logan directly in the knees. He flies over the hood and rolls into the windshield. The car skids into a parked car with a screech of its brakes and a furious turn of the wheel. Logan falls from the hood of the car and lands on the concrete. He lies there. I watch, paralyzed with fear as I wait for Logan to get up and shake it off. But he doesn't. He doesn't move. And then I see the blood spreading across his forehead.

I run to Logan and grab the front of his coat. "Logan!" I scream. "Logan."

Paul pulls me off Logan and pushes me into Matt's waiting arms. I fight, kicking and screaming, until Matt restrains me with his arms wrapped tightly around me. He won't even let me look at Logan. I scratch and kick at him, and he grunts when I head butt his chin.

"Stop it," he breathes.

He holds me immobile, his strong arms wrapped around me while he keeps me turned away from the sight of Paul and Sam working on Logan. They're giving him mouth-to-mouth. I can hear Sam counting, and I can hear Paul as he breathes in and out. It seems like days until the ambulance arrives. They hoist Logan inside, and I'm left there in the street with Matt holding my hands behind my back. Paul rides with Logan. Another ambulance is coming. I can hear the sirens. And that's when I realize the second one is for my dad.

I look down. He's completely motionless, and my mom has his head in her lap. She's sobbing and rubbing his quiet face. I watch, knowing it has to be too late for my dad. He is as still as Logan. No one was giving him CPR, though. Not like they were with Logan. The emergency responders load my dad in the ambulance, and I stand there. I feel dead inside. I don't know what to do or where to go. My mom gets in the ambulance, and they close the doors behind her. This reminds me so much of the time that Matt was sick, and I had to call the ambulance for him. They let me ride with him, though. No one left me waiting in the street not knowing what to do.

Matt and Sam drag me toward a waiting police car. "Get in," Matt says as he pushes my head down like you see the police do on cop shows. He slides in behind me and drops an arm around my shoulders pulling me into him. He looks down at me, getting in my face. "You didn't get hit, did you?" he asks.

I shake my head. "It wasn't me. It was Logan."

Oh my God. It was Logan. Logan got hit by the out-of-control car. He rolled over the hood and into windshield. Then he lay on the cold concrete, unmoving. Pete and Sam did CPR.

"He wasn't breathing," I say. I start to shiver.

"No, he wasn't." Matt's hand rubs absently along my shoulder.

"Are you scared?" My voice is quivering.

"Terrified," he admits.

"The car was going to hit my dad."

"I know," he grunts.

"Why did he do that?" I gnaw on my fingernail, tearing at my flesh until I feel pain.

"Why does Logan do anything?"

"I saw the look on his face." Tears roll unheeded down my cheeks.

Matt tips my chin up. "What look?" he asks.

"I saw him make the decision to shove him out of the way." I can't believe he did that. Why would he do that?

"Mother f**ker had better live," Matt murmurs. "If he doesn't, I'm going f**king kill him."

The police officer lets us out at the Emergency Room doors. Matt takes one of my hands and Sam takes the other. I wish Pete were here. Shoot! Pete. "Did anyone call Pete?" I ask.

"Pete can't get phone calls," Sam reminds me.

"You'll have to go see him."

Sam nods.

My mom runs toward me when we walk into the waiting area. She wraps me in her arms, but I shove her back. "Where are they?"

"They're in the ER. They said we can't go back." She wrings her hands together. "Logan wasn't breathing." She looks into my eyes, her brown eyes looking for confirmation. Of what, I don't know.

"Was Dad?" I ask.

"Was Dad what?"

"Breathing," I suggest.

"Yes, your dad was breathing."

The weight doesn't lift from my chest. Not at all.

"But Logan..." she says. "I'm afraid it's not good, Emily."

"I'm scared, Mom."

Paul walks from the back of the hospital, running his hands through his hair. He tugs on the tips and then does it again. Matt and Sam approach him, and he shakes his head. He doesn't know anything.

"Why did he do that?" Paul cries. Then the big guy crumples into a heap on the tiles. Matt goes down with him, wrapping his arms around him, and Sam squats down beside them and puts his hand on Paul's arms. Paul's body is wracked with sobs.

I know why he did it. He did it for me. Did my eyes silently plead with him? Did I somehow ask him without using my voice to save my dad? He read something in my eyes that made him do it? Did I beg him? Is this my fault?

Emily

"I don't want to be here," I whisper to Paul as he leads me into the church. My legs are shaking. I'm afraid the casket will be open for everyone to view the body, so I make sure not to look in that direction.

"I don't either," he whispers back.

"Ditto," Matt says from behind us. We squeeze into the pew and slide down, making room for Sam. Sam looks lost without Pete. It's like he's lost part of who he is with his brother gone. He's constantly looking over his shoulder for his other half. But Pete's not here. Pete's still waiting for arraignment.

Tears fill my eyes when the preacher starts to talk about the loss of life and the tragedy of losing a beloved brother, son, and friend. He talks about divine will, the power of the soul, and the healing hand of faith. I'm not feeling healed. When will that start? Soon, I hope.

It has been four days since the accident. Four days to reflect on what could have been, what might have been. What was. Four days to think about all the ways I should have lived my life differently. And all the ways he could have lived his differently, too.

My dad reaches from behind me and squeezes my shoulder tightly. He's more likely to touch me now than he used to be. He's more likely to show affection and tell me he loves me. It's like he realizes everything that has been lost, and he doesn't want to miss a day or a word or anything important again. My mom didn't come. She's busy taking care of important business, she said.

The preacher drones on, and I tune him out until Matt takes my hand and squeezes it tightly as the casket is carried from the building. We're not going to the graveside service. It's enough that we're paying our respects here. We file out of the church, and I look into a wounded mother's eyes. "I'm so sorry for your loss," I say.

"Thank you," she replies. But it's by rote. She's dead behind the eyes, and I wonder if she'll ever find that piece of herself that she lost with her son. Ricardo Santiago was driving the car that night. He was an eighteen-year-old boy who was on his way home from the library. He was on the street and didn't see the black ice that turned the road into a skating rink. He didn't see it until he lost control of the car. He hit Logan dead-on, and the car clipped my dad's leg. Dad's on crutches with a bad sprain, but he'll heal. Ricardo died on impact when his car careened into a parked car.

I vaguely remember seeing Ricardo's mother at the hospital after the accident. I remember how they told her about his almost-instant death there in the waiting room. I remember thinking it could have been us, receiving that news. Our news didn't come until hours later. And it wasn't good.

"I'm sorry for your loss," I say to the next person in line, and I shake his hand. Ricardo's entire family is here. He had three brothers and two sisters. His father is a wealthy attorney in the city. I remember reading that much in the paper.

Matt and Paul have been shadowing me ever since this happened. They won't leave my side. When I sleep, one of them throws a blanket over me. When I wake up, one of them reminds me to eat. When I go to the bathroom, one of them stands outside the bathroom door.

There's one thing I am very certain about: my life is not complete without Logan.

Logan

There's not a place on my body that doesn't hurt. I wiggle my toe and try to lift my hand, but I can't. I blink my eyes open and stare straight ahead. It hurts too f**king much to look left or right. Shapes move in front of my face, but they're too blurry. I can't make them out. I close my eyes again and drift back into the darkness. I welcome it because where there is darkness there is no pain.

Emily

Someone shakes my arm. "Em," a soft voice says. Then more insistently, "Emily!"

I brush the noise away like cobwebs from my face, but it doesn't stop.

"Emily, wake the f**k up."

I blink my eyes open to find Matt in front of me. "He's awake," he says. He's grinning.

I brush my hair back from my forehead. "What?" I still can't think.

"He just moved, Em," Matt says. He's nearly giddy. He pulls the blanket off me and takes my hand, pulling me to my feet. "Go talk to him. I need to call Paul."

The boys have been taking turns staying with me at the hospital. Only two people can be in the room at a time, and I won't leave. Paul, Matt, and Sam don't seem to mind. They take turns going home, taking care of Hayley, and one of them is always with me.

I walk slowly to the edge of the bed and look down at Logan's prone form. "He's not awake," I say over my shoulder. But Matt is gone. I look down, and I see the tiniest flutter of Logan's lashes. "Logan!" I cry. It's stupid, I know, since he can't hear me.

I sit down on the edge of the bed and take his hand in mine. I saw his eyelids move. I look down, and his toe wiggles. His eyes are closed, though, and he's still. Too still.

A doctor runs into the room and lifts Logan's eyelids, shining a light in his face. He flinches. I see it.

"Is he going to wake up?" I ask. I hold my breath, waiting for the answer.

The doctor's mouth pinches into a thin line. "Maybe."

Maybe. That's the only word I need to hear for hope to bloom within me. I step back, out of the doctor's way. The nurse takes me by the shoulders and pushes me gently to the edge of the room.

Matt walks in again. "I called Paul and Sam. They're on the way."

I nod. I can't take my eyes off Logan. He moved. I never thought I would see him move again.

Logan suffered a terrible head injury. He had to have surgery to relieve the pressure in his brain, and he had some internal injuries, as well. He lost his spleen, and his right leg is broken. They set it, and he's in a cast. Bruises cover most of his body.

I look at Matt, and his eyes are filled with the same hope mine are. "He's going to be all right, isn't he?" I ask.

He nods and pulls me into his chest. "Of course, he is," he breathes. He bends his head and sniffs me. Then he whispers dramatically, "Now that he's waking up, do you think you could take a f**king shower? You stink."

I shove back from him. "I do not."

"You look like shit, Em," he jokes. He tousles my hair, and I don't care. I do look like shit. I lift my arm and smell myself. And I stink. I can't see Logan like this.

A few minutes later, Paul and Sam walk into the room. Paul is carrying the canvas bag that has my belongings in it.

"Thank God," Matt teases. He turns me toward the bathroom and points. "Go shower. You can't have him waking up to you looking like that."

I nod. "Okay."

Sam sniffs me as I walk by him and holds his nose.

"I don't smell that bad," I grouse.

He grimaces. "You kind of do."

"Fine!" I say. "I'll shower." I point my finger at the three of them. "Then I'll make you all sorry."

"I'll be sorry if you don't shower," Paul mumbles. But he's smiling.

I go into the bathroom and avail myself of the tiny shower in Logan's room. I don't need much, but I do need to wash off the funk accumulated by waiting in a hospital for four days. I get dressed quickly and brush out my hair. I return to find the three brothers looking down at Logan. Matt's mouth is moving in prayer, but I can't quite hear him.

"You can't pray without me," I protest. I step forward and put myself in their circle, and Matt prays for Logan. And so do I.

Logan

A strong grip jerks me from the darkness as someone tugs on my toe. Fingertips slide up my heel, and I rock my foot, trying to knock them off. Paul used to pop my toes when we were small. He would grab my ankle and hold me still while he pulled on my toes until they popped. It didn't hurt, but it was damn annoying. And it's just about as annoying now. I really like the darkness. There's no pain in the darkness.

There's a twinge in my arm, and I start to float. The pain recedes, and I feel like someone has untethered me. I blink my eyes open to see how far I've floated, and I see Emily. I open my mouth to tell her how f**king happy I am to see her. She's blurry, but I blink and blink and blink until she comes into focus. I try to speak, but I can't. My throat is dry, and there's no sound coming out. But then I remember that I'm deaf. I can't hear my own voice. Not much of it anyway, and especially not without my hearing aids. My hearing aids must be gone.

Where am I? I can't remember how I got here. But Paul and Matt and Sam are looking down at me. Sam's crying, and Paul puts his arm around him. I can read his lips. Something about it being okay to be a p**sy when your brother might die. He can cry all he wants.

Where's Pete? He must not be here. Where is here?

The darkness beckons, and I fight against it. I push and push and push, but it takes me in its greedy grip and holds on tight.

Emily

Logan hasn't woken up since his last round of pain medication. The doctors say that he should have more and more periods of lucidity as the days pass, but it has been hours since his lashes last fluttered. I am tired, so tired. And to think that I showered for this.

"You should take a nap," Sam says. It's his turn to stay with me.

"Do you think he's ever going to wake up?" I ask.

He nods his head. "I know it."

"What makes you so sure?"

He shrugs. "I just know."

I wish I felt as sure about it. "Have you talked to Pete?"

He shakes his head. "They won't let us see him. Your dad is working on it, though."

My dad has been helping with Pete's defense. He hired a criminal attorney and has paid for him to have the best representation. But that may or may not help him when they go to trial.

"Your dad's a pretty cool guy," Sam says.

I nod. "He can be. He can also be an ass."

"He's trying. That's better than nothing."

My dad is like a pit bull all of a sudden. He's loving and affectionate and playful, and yet there's a tiny little part of him that will fight to the death. And he's fighting for the Reeds. He fought for Logan, bringing in the best neurologist he could find. He fought for Pete-and is still working on that-and he's fighting for me. He comes by every day to talk. He's on crutches, but he's getting better. He has a lot of guilt where Logan is concerned.

Sam sits down and puts his feet up on the edge of the bed. He slumps in the chair and crosses his arms, closing his eyes. The room is dark, and no one is moving around. He's asleep in moments. The boys are all so tired. I look down at Logan and touch my finger to his lips. He doesn't stir. I look over at the recliner a nurse brought in just for me, and I don't want to use it. I pull the covers back and slide into bed with Logan. Pete opens his eyes and looks at me when he feels the bed shift. He shakes his head and grins. "If you try to defile him in his sleep, I'll have to tell him about it when he wakes up," he teases.

I settle my head on Logan's shoulder, careful of his wires and tubes and bruises. "Do you think he'd mind?" I ask.

Sam chuckles. "I think he'd f**king love it. Are you kidding?"

I settle against Logan's side, relaxing as I take a deep breath. I let sleep overtake me, and I dream about Logan.

Logan

I'm walking in a field of flowers. They're life-size and black haired with a blue streak down the side, and they reach out to caress my arm as I walk by. I grab for one, and it skitters out of my grasp, running away from me. I reach for another, and it does the same thing.

I stopped dreaming in words a long time ago. I only dream in sign language, but I hear a voice. "Logan," it says. It's a voice I know, and the field suddenly smells like my mom. The flowers part, and she stands there in the open space, her great, white robes billowing around her. She's not signing to me. I can hear her voice, just like I did until I was twelve. I can hear it as clear as day.

She doesn't approach me. She wraps her hands around her mouth and says, "Logan! It's time to go back." I'm supposed to come home from the park by the time the streetlights come on. If I'm not home, she'll come and find me, and I never like it when she comes to find me. It's embarrassing. So, I always make it home before the streetlights.

Until today, apparently.

I can't find the stoop for all the f**king wildflowers that stand in the way. If not for those, I'd have been home a long time ago. The flower closest to me crooks a petal at me and beckons me forward. It doesn't speak. It opens its mouth, but it doesn't have a voice. My mom does, though. She cups her hands around her mouth again. She's growing impatient. I had better hurry.

"Logan, it's time to go back!" she yells.

The flowers fade, sinking into the air like pretty, rainbow-hued cigarette smoke, until there is only one left. My mom yells for me again.

I blink my eyes and stare upward. There's a dim light above me, and machines light up on my left in time with my heartbeat. I wiggle my finger. My nose is itching, and I need to scratch it, but when I try to lift my arm, it's heavy. It's much heavier than I can ever remember it being before. I groan, struggling with the weight of it, until I pick it up. But it's unwieldy and it falls on my chest.

There's a gentle hum against my throat, and I tip my head to look down at it. It's not my blue-haired girl. I blink my eyes again. It hurts just keeping them open. I look at the form next to me again, and it's my Emily, snuggled into my side. She's just blond now.

Thank God. Of course she wouldn't be anywhere else. I force my arm up and lay my hand on the side of her face. Unfortunately, I kind of tap her cheek heavily, and she startles in my arms. She sits up and looks down at me.

"Oh my God!" she says. "Are you awake?"

I try to nod, but it hurts. "I think so," I say. But my throat is raw. She leans over and picks up a cup, lifting a straw to my mouth. I take a sip, and then she steals it from me.

"Not too much," she warns. Her eyes are filled with tears. "Are you really awake?" she asks again. She leans over and shakes Sam's leg. It's propped on the edge of my bed. He jumps in surprise and nearly falls out of the chair as he fumbles to right himself.

"Logan?" he asks, sitting forward.

Emily says something to him, and he rushes forward. He looks down at me and says on a huge exhale, "Thank you," as he looks up at the ceiling.

"What happened?" I ask.

A tear rolls down Emily's cheek, but I can tell underneath it, she's pissed at me. "You did something so stupid. And I thought you were going to die." She takes my face in her hands. "Are you really back?"

"Back from where?"

She laughs. "Wherever you've been for ten days."

Ten days? What the f**k is she talking about?

"You got hit by a car."

Memories crash into me like the car did that night. That's why I hurt. That's why I'm in this bed. "Your dad?" I ask.

"He's fine, numbnuts," Sam says.

I nod. "Good."

"If you ever do something so stupid as try to get yourself killed again, Paul's going to murder you," Sam warns. But he reaches for my hand and grips it tightly, our thumbs crossing the way they do when people shake hands. "I'm glad you're back," he says. His blue eyes, so much like mine, stare into my face. "You broke your head. And your leg." He leans forward like he wants to tell me a secret. "And I heard that you broke your dick, too. Emily's all upset about that part. She doesn't give a f**k about your leg."

Immediately, I want to check my parts. He laughs, though.

"Emily can check it out for you later."

"She really doesn't spend a lot of time down there," I say. My head is swimming from the pain meds.

Sam turns away so he can laugh. "He's pretty f**ked up," he says. Emily's face colors profusely.

"I can't believe you said that." She pokes her bottom lip out, and all I can think about is kissing her. But I can't even lift my head, much less anything else.

"Sorry," I grunt. "I hurt," I say, moving my arm.

Emily kisses my cheek. "Let me see if the nurse can bring you anything," she says. "They wanted to know when you woke up anyway. Be right back."

She walks out of the room. "That's the first time she's left you since this happened," Sam says. "Well, except for the funeral."

"What funeral?"

His face is solemn. "The boy driving the car that hit you. He died. She's been here every day except for the funeral."

For ten days, she hasn't left? "Why?"

"She wouldn't leave. I don't know. Matt had to make her take a shower," he laughs. "She was pissed for hours."

"I'd love to have seen that. I thought Matt could do no wrong when it comes to her." I moan-I'm really hurting.

"The honeymoon period is over," he says. "You can only get a pass for having cancer for so long," Sam says, like what he's saying is a fact. "Then the girls start to treat you like you're a normal a**hole again."

"Where are Matt and Paul?" I ask.

"Paul has Hayley tonight, and Matt went home to sleep."

I nod.

"Pete?"

Sam's face falls. "Still locked up."

My heart twists in my chest at his words. A nurse walks into the room, and she's carrying a needle. Thank f**king God. She smiles but she doesn't speak to me. Hearing people always worry about how much I can understand, so they avoid communicating with me unless they have to.

"Welcome back to the land of the living," she finally says. I feel a burn in my arm, and then the pain starts to ease.

My head swims, but there's one thing I need to know. I look at Sam. "Did I really break my dick?"

The sight of Sam's laughter rocks me back to sleep.

Emily

Logan drifts back to sleep within moments of waking, but I'm pretty sure he'll be back. I'm not as worried as I was before he spoke to me.

"Where are his hearing aids?" I ask Sam.

He shrugs. "Did you check his belongings?" He points toward a cabinet across the room. In it there's a bag with everything Logan had on him when the accident happened. I look through it but can't find the hearing aids.

I pick up a small silver bar. "What's this?" I ask.

Sam's face flushes. "Piercing," he mumbles, not looking me in the eyes.

"Oh," I say, and I bite back a snicker. All of Logan's jewelry is in the bag. They removed all of his piercings and stored them for him. Even the one from the base of his johnson. Goodness.

I open his wallet, just because I'm nosy. There's a charcoal drawing of me that he has in his driver's-license window, and there are a few dollars in cash in the bill compartment. There's a folded-up note, and I open it. I can't help it-the curiosity is killing me. I realize immediately that it's the note I wrote to him when I finally told him my name. Tears burn my eyes. He saved it. He had it tattooed on his butt, too, but he carries my note around like it's important to him. "There are no hearing aids in here."

"They may have been lost in the crash."

"We'll have to see about getting new ones before he needs them."

Sam blows. "Do you know how much those things cost?"

I look up. I have no idea what they cost. "A lot?"

"Like way more than we have." He growls low in his throat. "I'm tired of being f**king poor. It blows."

"Your family is rich in all the ways that my family is not," I remind him. I look at him as he swipes a frustrated hand through his hair. "Is that why Pete did what he did?"

He nods. "I think so."

"I told him not to get involved with Bone. That it would only get him in trouble." I told him that months ago, when he first started talking with the man. I hate to say I told you so, but when I do...

"I was there that night," Sam blurts out. He rubs the back of his closely shaved head.

"What night?"

"The night Pete was arrested. I was there. We were unloading the truck together."

"Oh." I don't know what more to say. "How did Pete get arrested and you didn't?"

"Pete looked up at me and told me to run. So, I ran, and Pete got caught. I'll never forgive myself." He bites his lower lip, idly tonguing his piercing. "He told me if I confess, he'd deny that I was there. Fucking moron."

"Did you tell Paul and Matt?" I don't know why that matters, but it does.

He nods. "They know." He shakes his head. "I thought Paul was going to kill me."

"What did he do?"

He kicks at a piece of imaginary dirt on the floor. "He hugged me." He shrugs. "That's all."

"Why were you messing with Bone at all?" I ask. I can't help it. Everyone knows who Bone is and what he does.

He sighs. "We wanted to be sure that we had enough money saved to pay for Matt's treatment, if he needed one again. So, we started doing odd jobs. None of it was illegal." He holds up one hand like he's testifying. "I swear it. We wouldn't have gotten involved if it was illegal."

"What kind of jobs?"

He doesn't look at me. "Delivering packages, letters. Collecting on accounts. Unloading trucks. That kind of stuff."

The stuff that was illegal as hell, and he knew it.

"Pete's paying the price." He growls and runs a hand through his hair again. "I'll never forgive myself."

"My dad is working on it," I remind him.

"Your dad's a miracle worker now?" he asks, his brow shooting up.

I laugh. "Not the last time I checked."

He gets quiet for a minute. "Hey, Em," he says. I look up at him. "I never did thank you for saving Matt's life."

I wave a breezy hand at him. "It was nothing."

His eyes narrow. "You love my brother, right?"

I look down at Logan's sleeping form. "More than anything."

"You're going to have to marry him."

I pretend to pout. "Well, if I have to..."

Sam laughs. "I'm glad he has you. I'm glad we all do."

Tears prick at the backs of my lashes, but I blink them back. Sam pulls me into a tight hug, and I don't know what do for a minute. I get this from Matt all the time but never Sam.

Sam turns away from me, and I see the tattoo on the back of his neck. I don't know why I never noticed it before. It says "Pete" in big, chunky, gothic-looking letters.

"Why do you have Pete's name tattooed on your neck?" I ask.

He grins widely. "When we were twelve, our dad still couldn't tell us apart. So, he decided to tattoo our names on our necks." He smiles even more broadly. "When he sat us down in the chair, he asked which one I was, and I said Pete. And then he put my name on Pete's neck. Our mom was so angry. You have no idea." He rubs at the back of his neck. "I kind of like it."

"I do, too."

Logan

It has been a week since I woke up. I hurt like a motherfucker for days, but it's getting better. Today, I get to go home. Emily is on the way to pick me up, and we're going to her apartment, since she has an elevator and I can't take the stairs. My leg is in a cast from the middle of my thigh to my toes. It itches like crazy, but they keep telling me not to scratch it.

The nurse helps me settle into a wheelchair. They say I can't walk out of here. I want to go home so badly. Or at least go somewhere that I can sleep in a bed with Emily. Somewhere that I can hold her close and keep her next to me. I never, ever want to let her go.

She comes out of the elevator just as we're heading toward it. She smiles, and my heart tries to take a flying leap out of my chest. I f**king love her so much. She holds the elevator door open, and the nurse pushes me past her.

Ready to go home? she asks.

I nod. It's rude to sign in front of hearing people; I know this, but I have to tell her. I can't wait to go home and take you to bed. I waggle my eyebrows at her.

She giggles. Are you well enough for that?

You might have to get on top.

Shit. I'm getting hard just thinking about it.

The nurse in the elevator with us bumps into my chair, and then I see her cough into her closed fist. Emily pats her on the back. "You okay?" she asks.

The woman nods. I think she's really laughing, but I can't tell.

A black sedan pulls up to the curb, and I see Emily's dad driving it. My gaze shoots to hers, and she smiles.

He wanted to do it, she signs.

Why?

She shrugs. Ask him.

"Logan," her dad says in greeting. His eyes meet mine, and he sticks out his hand to shake. I take it, and his grip is firm and strong. "How are you feeling?"

"Ready to go home, Mr. Madison."

"Please, call me Ralph," he says. My gut clenches, and I look toward Emily but she's stowing my belongings in the trunk. I stand up tentatively, holding onto the edge of the door. I get into the front seat because there's more room. I hop on one foot until I'm in position and then drop down into the car.

After the door is shut, the nurse who pushed me turns to me and signs, Hope you feel better soon. Shit. She can sign. I scrub a hand down my face in embarrassment, but she's laughing. Take it easy, and don't overdo it, she instructs.

I nod as heat creeps up my face. Emily just smiles and shakes her head. Busted. This is why you don't sign in front of hearing people. Aside from the fact that it's just rude.

Her dad is quiet the whole way to her house. He doesn't say a word and neither does she.

When the car stops outside Emily's apartment, he gets out and opens the door for me. I stick my hand out again. "Thank you for the ride, sir," I say.

He brushes my hand away and helps me get settled on my crutches. "I'd like to come upstairs so we can talk."

I look for Emily again, but she is in the driver's seat of the car, and she waves to me as she pulls away.

"Where is she going?" I ask.

"To run some errands and to pick up your medicine," he says.

"One of my brothers could have done that."

He waves a hand at me. "No need."

Henry, the doorman, rushes forward and helps me turn to get through the door. "So glad you're back, Logan," he says.

"Me, too," I say with a laugh.

Emily's dad smiles, and I still don't know what to do with his unexpected friendship. He's quiet in the elevator, and he doesn't speak when I take out a key and let myself into Emily's apartment. I should probably explain why I have a key, but I really don't want to.

I drop onto the couch. I'm exhausted, and I really didn't walk very far.

"Are you hurting?" he asks.

"No." I look around the room. "Where's Trip?" I expected to find him in his boxers on Emily's couch.

"He has gone back to LA," Mr. Madison admits.

He sits down opposite me on the couch and looks uncomfortable. But it's not the I-don't-know-what-to-say-to-you uncomfortable. It's more like the I'm-emotional kind of uncomfortable, which makes me not know what to do for him.

"For good?" I ask.

"Yes."

"Oh, wow." I didn't see that one coming.

"Logan, I need to apologize to you," he says. His cheeks are rosy, and he's obviously anxious.

"It's really not necessary, Mr. Madison," I begin.

He cuts me off by holding up a hand. "Ralph," he corrects. "I need to thank you," he says again. "What you did took amazing courage."

"Really," I say, trying to cut him off.

"Let me f**king finish, will you?" he asks, still smiling.

Did he just drop the f-bomb? "Have you been hanging out with my brothers?" I ask.

He chuckles. "No, but I'm from the same f**king area as you. I just forgot somewhere along the way where I came from."

I don't know what to say. I had no idea Mr. Madison had poor roots.

"I grew up dirt-poor. In a worse neighborhood than yours." He blows out a breath. "Somewhere along the way, I lost sight of what's important," he says. "My family means the world to me. Without them, I am nothing."

He grimaces as though he doesn't know what to say next.

"I'm proud that you're in my daughter's life. I couldn't be more pleased with her choice in someone to love."

"Thank you, sir," I say. I've been blindsided, and I feel like someone has flipped my world around. I didn't see this coming at all.

"I know you have plans to be with my daughter forever." He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small jewelry box. He presses it into my hands. I open it up, and there's a small diamond engagement ring inside. You would probably need a microscope to see the diamond, but that's okay. The ring is beautiful, with a lot of detailed etching around the band. It looks like an antique. "If you decide to ask her to marry you at some point, I'd like you to know you have my blessing. And you can use her grandmother's ring." He suddenly looks uncomfortable again. "Or you can use your own. I don't particularly care."

I remember what he said to me once, about buying my wife a tiny diamond and living with her in a shitty apartment. He shrugs. He remembers it, too.

"Thank you, sir." I feel like someone has stolen all my wits. "I don't know what to say."

"I'm not implying that you have to ask her anytime soon."

"I plan to ask her as soon as possible," I admit. I've been planning it since I woke up in the hospital. I don't want to be away from her for a single second. Ever.

"When you do, you have my blessing, and her mother's." He points a finger at me in warning. "I feel like you're a good man. But if you do anything that will ever break her heart, I'll have to do terrible things to you." He glares down his nose at me. "I know people." He smiles, though.

I look down at my broken leg. "Losing Emily would be punishment enough," I say. I need to tell him something. I take a deep breath. "I feel like I need to come clean on something."

His arches his eyebrows and sits forward. "Please do."

"I didn't try to push you out of the way that night. Emily was coming up behind you, and I wanted to get to her. So, I shoved you, hoping you would fall into her like dominoes." I shrug. "It worked."

He laughs, his chest filling with chuckles. "I know."

"You did?" How the hell did he know that?

"Yes, I saw the look on your face. No one is that scared over a man who has treated him like a piece of shit." He sits back and regards me, his eyes narrowing. "When you saw that car coming, you had this look that told me that you were completely in love with my daughter and that you would sacrifice yourself for her." He nods toward the ring. "That's why I gave you my blessing. Not because you saved my life."

"Oh." I probably sound like an idiot, but I don't know what to say.

"Two more things before Emily gets back." He looks anxiously toward the door. "One-when you're ready, there's an internship waiting for you at Madison Avenue in the advertising department. You're a talented artist, Logan, and I could use someone like you." He holds up a hand to stay me when my mouth falls open. "Trip admitted to me that you designed that advertising campaign. And you're very talented." He smiles, and it actually reaches his eyes. Maybe I've had too many pain meds. "You won't start at the top just because you're marrying my daughter."

I peer at him, wondering who this man is who is sitting here giving me praise. "I wouldn't expect any special treatment." Or accept any for that matter.

He looks toward the door again. "The second thing," he says. He licks his lips and then his eyes meet mine. "Do you think you could design a tattoo for me? I want something that represents my life. A tattoo that means something to me."

He wants a tat? "Did you have something in mind?" I ask.

He shakes his head and claps me on my good knee. "I know you'll come up with something perfect."

The door opens, and Emily walks into the room. I stuff the ring box down in the couch cushions.

"Give it some thought, and let me know when you're ready to do it," he says. He holds a finger in front of his mouth like he's imparting a secret.

I nod.

He kisses Emily on the cheek and walks out the door. She rushes over to my side. "What did he say to you?"

I still can't believe it. "He told me he loves me." I grin at her.

She rolls her eyes and slaps my shoulder. "Be serious."

"I am," I complain. "I'm injured. Don't beat on me." I catch her hands and pull her toward me.

She sits down next to me. "What did he say, really?" she asks.

"He said I can ask you to marry me," I say to her, pressing my forehead to hers. I kiss her quickly.

She lays a hand on her chest and inhales and exhales heavily. "What?"

I shrug. "I asked him before the accident if I could have his permission to ask you to marry me. He refused." I look toward the door he just went through. "He changed his mind." I reach into the couch cushions and pull out the box. I was going to wait for a special occasion, but I don't want to wait. I want to put a ring on her as soon as possible. I want her to be mine. All mine.

Her eyes go wide when I show her the box.

"I can't quite go down onto one knee," I say in apology.

Her eyes fill with tears, and I stuff the box back down in the cushions.

"We can do this another time," I say.

"Are you kidding?" she asks. She takes my shirt in her fists and jerks me toward her. "Ask me. Ask me. Please ask me." She's in my face, and I've never been more in love with her than I am right now. But she sits back, looks at me sheepishly, and says, "If you want to ask me, that is. You don't have to ask me if you don't want to."

I wrap my arm around her head and give her a noogie. "I don't just want to. I have to."

She looks up at me, her thoughts in as much turmoil as her hair.

"I can't live without you, dummy," I try to explain.

She grins at the term of endearment. There was a time that a word like that would have shredded her; now it's just a word. A funny one, too, because she's the opposite of dumb.

"I love you," she says. She kisses me, her tongue sweeping into my mouth, the gentle touch of it against mine making me go rock hard immediately.

"Get the box back out," she says. I can feel her grin against my lips when she goes back to kissing me.

"What box?" I ask.

"The ring. Ask me. I promise I'll say yes."

"You're so easy," I tease.

She wasn't always easy. It was damn hard loving her in the beginning, but I couldn't avoid it. She's like a piece of me that was missing all my life. I can't imagine a day without her. I reach into the cushions and pick up the box. My heart is thumping in my chest like a roofer's hammer, even though she just told me she was going to accept. I open the box, and it creaks on its hinges.

"Will you marry me?" I ask.

She takes the box and sits back, an open-mouth grin on her face. It's a mixture of awe and happiness. "I used to look at this when I was little. My dad said my rich husband would get me a big, fat rock and we'd live happily ever after. But all I ever wanted was this ring and a husband who loved me."

I tip her face up to mine with a crooked finger under her chin. "I love you." I scrunch my eyebrows together. "Did you forget to say yes?"

"I didn't forget," she tosses back at me. She sets the box on the table and gets up. "I just haven't said yes, yet." She points toward the kitchen. "Do you want something to drink? I'm thirsty." She gets up like she's going to walk away, but I grab her shirt in my fist and pull her back down. I pick up the box, take the ring out of it, and hold it up.

"Marry me, Em," I plead. "If you say yes, we can have lots of crazy sex and live happily ever after." I want to laugh, but I can't. It's not really funny. "Marry me, Em," I repeat. "Please."

She smacks me on the forehead with palm of her hand, and I'm momentarily stunned. "Of course I'll marry you," she says. She lets me slide the ring onto her finger. "I couldn't make it easy for you, dummy," she says. She settles into my side and nuzzles into that spot that's all hers. There are no secrets between us. Not anymore. And it feels so f**king good.

I kiss her. "Can we go to bed now?" I ask. It's been weeks since I've been inside her, and granted, I was unconscious for part of it, but I'm not now. And I need her more than I need air.

She knocks on the hard cast that goes all the way up to my thigh. "I have a feeling this is going to be a little unwieldy."

I shake my head. "You'll just have to get on top." I draw her across my lap and lift her shirt, caressing the smooth skin of her belly with my fingertips. She reaches to pull her shirt over her head and looks toward the door. "What?" I ask, my breath ragged.

"Someone is at the door," she says. She slumps against me and breathes hard for a moment. I pick up a pillow and jam it into my lap, cursing to myself.

When she opens the door, her parents fall into the room, followed by all my brothers.

"Welcome home!" my brothers shout.

Emily's mother picks up Emily's ringer finger and holds it up. "Did you say yes?" she asks.

"Of course I did," Emily says. My brothers come over to congratulate me, and her dad is even glowing. What's up with that?

Matt comes in with pizzas, and he sweeps Emily into a hug. He dips his face into her hair, and I imagine he's sniffing her. "You smell good," he says. She smacks him, and he laughs.

"She said yes, huh?" Paul asks as he sits down beside me. He eyes the pillow in my lap and chuckles.

You guys have terrible timing, I sign.

He tries to look innocent. It's never a terrible time for a you-just-got-engaged party. He points to the pillow and raises an eyebrow. You got the rest of your life to get laid, he signs. He heaves a sigh. I can see his chest fill with air. I'll run them all out in a little while.

Promise?

He laughs. I promise. He smiles at me though. You got the rest of your life to make love to that woman.

I look at her, and she smiles at me as she pushes her hair behind her ear. I know. And I plan to.

Sam made cupcakes, Paul signs. You want one? He pushes to his feet.

I'll eat just about anything Sam makes. Bring me two.

You going to get fat and lazy now that you're getting married?

What's your excuse? I ask. He punches my shoulder. I wince because I'm still sore. Paul looks into my eyes. You did good picking that one, he signs, nodding toward Emily.

Well, if you ever meet a girl who punches you in the f**king nose when you meet her, marry her, I tell him. He laughs and goes to get a cupcake. I rub the bridge of my nose and think back. I reach for the napkin on the table and start to doodle the tattoo I'll put on her dad.

I'm thinking he needs a street sign where Madison Avenue and Family converge. Family will be at the top and much more prominent. Madison Avenue will be all glitzed up with lights and baubles while Family will look comfortable and pleasant. Maybe with some filigree and antique markings. Madison Avenue, despite all its wealth, will look poor in comparison. I don't know how I'll do it yet, but I'll figure it out. At the bottom, I'll write the words he said to me when he asked for the tattoo: My family means the world to me. Without them, I am nothing.

I might have those words put across my ribs because they fit me, too.

Emily

I close the door behind the family. Logan looks tired. It hasn't been long since his accident, and he's still recovering. I actually let them stay way too long.

"You need some pain meds?" I ask.

He shakes his head and motions me forward. "Not yet," he says as he pulls me down to sit on his good knee. He has the other propped on the coffee table. He winces as he moves, though. He's hurting. I can tell. He lifts the edge of my shirt so he can slip his hand beneath it to lie against my skin. His head falls back on the edge of the couch, and he looks at me through half-closed blue eyes that simmer.

Goodness, he's handsome. And he's all mine.

His hand tracks up under my shirt until he hefts the weight of my breast in his hand. His thumb swipes across my nipple, and it shoots straight to the center of me.

"Logan," I protest mildly. "You're not well enough for fooling around." I cover his hand with mine and press down. But the heat of his hand seeps through my shirt. I arch my back pressing closer to him. I can't help it. He's Logan.

He leans me back so that I'm snuggled in the crook of his arm, lying across his lap. He tugs my shirt up above my br**sts and looks down at me, licking his lips. He flicks the front opening of my bra and bends his head to take my nipple into his mouth.

I am swaddled in him as his tongue has its wicked way with me. My breath catches, and I can't keep from squirming in his lap. He chuckles, and it's a breathy sound. "Don't worry. I'll take care of you," he says.

With a flip of his wrist, he unbuttons my jeans and lowers the zipper. He looks into my eyes as he slides his hand in the front of my panties. He glides across my heat and goes straight for my clit. His hand is hampered by the tightness of my jeans, and he moves in small, tight circles. I need more than that. "Let's go to bed," I say.

"Thought you'd never ask," he says with a laugh. I help him to his feet and put his crutches under him, and he hobbles slowly toward the bedroom.

"Are you sure you don't need pain medication?" I ask. He looks tired around his eyes.

He shakes his head, leans his crutches against the bed, and shoves his gym shorts and his boxers down to his knees. I walk over and pull off his shoe, then roll his sock down. It takes a minute to get his shorts over his cast, but I do it. He's rock hard, and his manhood bobs in my face.

"You know, when you woke up, you were pretty drugged up, and you mentioned to Sam that I don't spend enough time down here." I take him in my hand and look up at him.

"I did?" he chokes out. He pushes into my grip. "I didn't mean to. I never talk about stuff that personal with them." He tips my chin up. "You believe me, don't you?"

I nod. My body is ready for him. It has been too long since he's been inside me, and I need him. This time is not like the other times we've been together. It's soft and slow and oh-so-sweet. But we find completion in one another, and we do it quickly.

He pulls out of me slowly, shivering as he does so. "I'm afraid you're a mess," he tells me. He reaches for his crutches to pull himself up. "Let me get you a towel."

I jump up and scramble across the bed, snatching his crutches from his hand. He growls and reaches for them. I put them across the room so he can't get up. "Stay right there," I say, pointing my finger at him.

He laughs and pulls his shirt over his head. He never got fully undressed. "Can we take a nap?" he asks.

I go to the bathroom and clean myself up and then pad back into the room with a cloth wet with warm water. I pass it to him, and he cleans himself off and lies back on the bed, one arm behind his head so he can look at me. I'm bare-ass nak*d, and I don't care.

"I was going crazy waiting for them to leave," he admits. He scrubs his hands into his eyes. He looks like he's ready to drop.

"I was, too." I go get him a pain pill and some water, and I watch while he takes it. "Do you want something to eat?" I ask.

He shakes his head, yawning. "Want to take a nap with me?" He looks at me, and his love for me shines back in my face. I never thought I would ever feel this happy.

I climb into the bed and roll into his chest, into that space that's made just for me. We both have a ton of schoolwork to catch up on, but our instructors were accommodating when I told them what happened, particularly in Logan's situation. I've been taping my lectures, which I would do anyway, and I have been listening to them as I have time. He's much further behind than I am. "You have homework to do when you wake up," I warn. I snuggle into him.

"I plan to do a lot of things when I wake up," he says, yawning again. He chuckles.

"Such as?" I ask.

"You." He laughs and squeezes me tightly.

He lifts my arm and kisses the tattoo on my inner wrist. I look down at the tat that started it all. He set me free when he unlocked my world. He's the peace in my soul. He's the one who opened my shackles, and I'll love him forever.

"Promises, promises," I mutter. I close my eyes and fall asleep to the beat of his heart.

Smart, Sexy and Secretive

By Tammy Falkner

Sexy version

Emily

My dad doesn't want me to go back to New York. He's wholeheartedly opposed to it. But New York is where my heart is. It's where Logan is. And we're in a plane on our way there right now.

I met Logan in the fall. He took care of me when I needed a place to stay, and I took care of him when his brother got sick with cancer. Matt needed an expensive medical treatment, and the only way to get the money was for me to suck it up and take one for the team. So, I did. I went back to California, leaving the only man I've ever loved in New York, and returned to my estranged family-the one I'd run away from. Matt went into treatment, paid for by my father, and Logan went on with his life.

I have wanted to contact him so many times. But talking is difficult between us. Logan is deaf, and he communicates by writing. I have dyslexia, and reading is hard for me. So letters and phone calls are not possible for us. The Reed family is poor, and they don't even have a computer. I considered buying them one and shipping it to them, so Logan and I could talk using sign language on Skype, but they are both poor and proud, which is a killer combination.

It's been almost three months since I last saw Logan. It has been just as long since I've talked to him. I want to look into his eyes. I need to see him. Soon.

The pilot announces that we'll be arriving in New York in twenty minutes over the intercom. Mom and Dad look over at me. Mom is smiling; Dad is not. Dad's bodyguard sets his newspaper to the side and buckles his seat belt. My dad has money. Lots and lots of money. My mom spends money. Lots and lots of money. I am so glad my mom married my dad because no other man on the face of the earth could ever afford her.

Dad owns Madison Avenue. Not the street-the upscale clothing and accessory line. It's a popular line of really expensive items that started in California and has now spread nationwide. My parents have more money than God.

"Are you excited, Emily?" my mother asks as the wheels touch down. I take a deep breath. I can already breathe easier just knowing I'm in the same city as him.

I look directly into her eyes since she knows how much I love Logan, and she's actually in favor of us being together. "More than you know."

"I don't know why you feel the need to go to college, Emily," my father barks. "You could have just gotten married and lived a life of ease and privilege."

Last year, my dad tried to marry me off to the son of one of his business partners. That's why I left California with nothing and took a bus all the way to New York. I didn't take a dime of my father's money, and I supported myself by busking in the subways with my guitar for change. My dad doesn't know everything about my life away from him. Like how I lived in shelters when money was tight. And how I went for days without food sometimes. He chooses to think I lived an upscale life while I was away. But I didn't. It was hard. I wouldn't trade the experience for anything, though. Because it's what brought me to Logan.

God, I want to see him so badly. I want my parents to go away, too, but they want to see me settled into my new apartment. It's around the corner from the college I'll be attending, Julliard. I've always wanted to study music, and now I can. That was my mother's doing.

My mother smacks my father on the arm. It's a breezy wave, but it gets his attention. "We've already discussed this, darling. She doesn't want to get married. Least of all to the young Mr. Fields."

I snort. I wouldn't marry that ass if he were the last man on earth.

"Fields is a fine young man," my father says. What's really bad is that he believes it, even though Trip is really just an opportunistic a**hole who wants to climb the financial ladder, and he wants to use me as the top rung. He'll never get over this rung, I can say that much.

"Mmm hmm," I hum noncommittally.

"Fields is an ass, darling," my mother says. She gets her purse, and we disembark the plane. The limo is waiting for us outside, and we all slide in while someone I will never see unloads the luggage.

"He blows his nose constantly, Dad," I say. "And he doesn't shower after he plays basketball." And he called me stupid in front of all his friends. But we don't talk about that part.

My dad's lips twitch. "That boy has a lot of potential. Great vision. He would make a fine husband."

What he means is that we could combine the two families like a business deal, increasing the net worth of both. I have no interest in being richer. In fact, the happiest time in my life was when I lived with Logan and his brothers. He has four of them-two older and two younger. They live alone since their mom died and their dad left. They don't have much, but they love one another like crazy.

My parents love me, but it's not the same thing. Not by a long shot.

"You should partner with him, Dad. Because I never will," I grouse. I can't count the number of times in the past few months I have had this conversation.

My dad heaves a sigh. He is a master at business, but he knows very little about relationships.

"Do you plan to see that boy while you're here, Emily?" my dad asks.

Only every chance I get, if he'll have me. "I doubt he'll want to see me. I left him without a single word and haven't talked to him since." He's probably angry at me. So angry that he has moved on. My heart lurches at the very thought of it.

I knew that I was giving Logan up when my dad paid for his brother's treatment, but I didn't think it would be permanent. I look down at the tattoo on my inner forearm. My father hates it; I love it. It's a key with Logan's name printed down the shaft. Logan unlocked my world. He accepted and loved me exactly as I am, or at least how he thought I was. I just hope he still does.

It's taking forever to get to my apartment. I have to listen to my dad talk about how fit Trip would be as a husband the whole ride. My mom makes a face at me. She makes me laugh. We have a new understanding since I spilled my guts to her after coming home. I think she gets it, and she's on my side. But that doesn't make things any better with my father.

"If that boy is smart, he'll stay far, far away from you," my father nearly snarls. He's adamantly opposed to me being with someone so poor.

Logan is rich in all the ways I wish I were. He's rich in family, steeped in love and compassion, and he loves what he does for a living. Logan's an amazing artist, and he works at his family's tattoo parlor, putting his fabulous art on people's skin. The last time I talked to him, he wanted to go back to college. He got a scholarship, but he had to get a deferment when Matt got sick. They took out a lot of loans to pay for Matt's first treatment, and when Matt couldn't work anymore, Logan quit school and took over for him.

"If that boy has any sense at all," Mom says, "he's just waiting for you to come back to New York."

I hope that's the case. But so much can happen in three months. Women throw themselves at Logan every day. It's asking an awful lot for him to wait for me for three full months while I find my way back to him.

Mom pats Dad on the knee. "How is his brother doing, darling? I know you get reports."

I scoot to the edge of the seat. Please tell me he's okay. Please. I have asked him this more times that I can count, and he refuses to answer me, reminding me of the bargain we made.

"Fine."

That's all he says. Just that one word. I flop against the seat back.

"Elaborate, please," my mom says, smiling at my dad.

"The treatment is working, but he's not out of the woods. He has to have scans every month, and then they'll start spreading them out as time goes on."

My heart clenches in my chest. Matt is better. My sacrifice wasn't for nothing. Tears start to burn my eyes, and Mom reaches over to squeeze my knee. "That's good, darling," she says to Dad. "I'm so glad you were able to help him."

"I did it so she would come back home," he says. He glares at me. "Our deal was that she would come home, not go to Julliard."

Mom pats his knee again. "She did come home, darling. And now she's going to Julliard."

"I just hope he stays away from her," Dad grumbles, more to himself than to either me or Mom. We all know who he is. And he had better not stay away from me. Not for a day. Not for an hour. Not for a minute.

We arrive at my apartment, and my dad scowls. "This is the best you could find?" He glowers at my mother.

"It's perfect," I say. It's pretty, with a small garden out front. I'm on the tenth floor, and that's all right with me. There's a doorman, an older gentleman, and he smiles at me, bowing to all of us as we walk into the building.

"Ah, Mr. Madison," he says. He knows who my dad is. He doesn't hold out a hand, though he does take mine when I extend it. I am not better than this man, and I want him to know it. "Miss Madison," he says, grinning at me. "Henry is my name."

"Mr. Henry," I say, squeezing his hand in my grip.

"Just Henry will do." He looks over at my father's scornful face.

"Don't make friends with the help, Emily," my dad warns.

Henry's face falls.

I wink at him. "I wouldn't dare try to make friends with Henry," I say. "He's way too good for the likes of us."

Dad's eyebrows draw together. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"Kindness trumps money, Dad," I say. I learned that the hard way. And even though I can't read well, I feel so much smarter than my dad right now. I bump knuckles with Henry, and he smiles at me.

He holds up a finger and goes to a locked box beside his desk. He retrieves a key. "I'll be sure your luggage is delivered, Miss Madison."

"Thank you, Henry." I wink at him again as my family walks to the elevator. He smiles back at me with genuine kindness.

My parents are quiet on the ride up. My dad taps his thumb on the railing, and Mom just stands quietly.

"I don't know why you felt the need to come here. I can settle myself in."

"I'm not sending you off to a strange city all by yourself." He glares. He knows I was all alone in this city last year. "That was your choice," he says quietly. "Not mine."

I step up on my tippy toes and kiss his cheek. He looks down his nose at me, which makes me grin. "I'm glad you're here." I just hope they don't stay long. I want to go see Logan. It's Friday night, and he's probably at the club working. He's a bouncer there.

My dad walks around my new apartment, appraising it with a critical eye. It was rented furnished, and it's actually really cute. It has two bedrooms, and an alarm system that Homeland Security couldn't beat.

I wanted to be in the dorm, but Dad felt like it was a bad idea. At least I'm close to the school.

My mom winks at me and then turns to Dad. "Darling, I think we should get to the hotel, soon."

He lifts an eyebrow. "Already?"

"Yes." She doesn't say more than that. Just yes.

Dad heaves a sigh. Then he kisses my forehead, wrapping my head up in the crook of his hefty forearm. "We'll see you first thing tomorrow."

I nod. "I'll be here."

"Are you sure you don't need anything?" He worries. Excessively.

I need Logan. That's all I need. I shake my head.

My mom whispers in my ear, "Use protection, dear."

A grin tugs at my lips. "Yes, Mom."

The door closes behind them. I need a shower, and I need to find Logan. I need him like I need air.

Logan

A hand lands on my back, its fingers light and teasing as someone draws a figure eight. I look back over my shoulder and flinch inwardly when I see Trish. I take her hand in mine and pluck it from my back, then set it to the side as gently as I can.

"Oh, Logan," she says, her lips tipped upward with laughter. I'm really glad I can't hear because if her laugh is anything like her, it'd be as grating as that fake smile. It's one of those smiles without any real happiness behind it. She puts her hand on my chest, her fingers pressing insistently against me. "How long are you going to pine for that girl? There are so many other fish in the sea."

I can talk, but sometimes I choose not to, and people accept it from me because I'm deaf. I lost my hearing when I was almost a teenager. I tap the face of my watch and look at her, arching my brow. She's due back on stage in two minutes.

She heaves a sigh and tromps off in that direction.

If I had been forced to answer her question, I would have said "forever and always." Emily is supposed to be back in New York any day now, as spring courses are starting at Julliard. I just began my own classes at NYU, and she shouldn't be far behind. That is, if she's coming. I haven't talked to her since the day she left and that was months ago.

I have, however, seen her in the tabloids. She's been to lunches, clubs, and social events with her ex-boyfriend, Trip Fields. The media outlets never cease talking about the way they fell apart and then came back together. But when I see them in the papers, she doesn't look happy, not like she was when she lived with my brothers and me. I like to think it's all a ruse. I hope to hell it's all a ruse. My gut aches at the thought that it's not.

Emily sold herself back to her father in exchange for Matt's life. He's my brother, and he means the world to me. Matt's alive because of her sacrifice. I'm glad she did it, but since she's been gone, it's like the oxygen is missing from the air I breathe. I miss her like crazy.

I haven't looked at another girl since she left. Not one. She's all I think about. When girls like Trish touch me and say let's go with their eyes, I can't imagine anything that might make me want to go. Or remember what made me want to go in the past. All I can think about is Emily.

I look toward the door where Ford, one of the other bouncers, is barring the entrance. Bone, our resident thug, is in the doorway and Ford knows that if he comes within five feet of me, I'll try to kill him with my bare hands. My younger brother, Pete, is going to get himself into trouble hanging out with Bone. I caught them together talking in the street a few days ago, and I don't like it. Bone is trouble, and I told him last week to stay the f**k away from my family. Pete doesn't seem to understand what kind of problems Bone attracts.

I take a step toward the doorway, but Matt is suddenly in front of me, getting between Bone and me. It's not worth it, he signs.

Would be to me, I reply. I've been trying to catch that bastard alone ever since the last time I saw him with Pete. Our little brother suddenly has a phone, and he suddenly has money in his pocket. The boy has a job, but he's not making enough money to pay for the things he now has. And he puts every dime he legitimately earns into the family kitty to pay the bills.

He's scum. My hands fly wildly as I talk, drawing the attention of several people around us.

I know, Matt replies. We'll take care of it, but we don't need to do it here. He looks me in the eye. You know he's packing.

One more reason to keep him out of here.

Matt shakes his head. Not tonight.

Dammit. Ford moves to the side and admits Bone when the owner of the club walks over to force the issue. He glares at Ford.

Ford's a good friend, and he knows how I feel about Bone. All things considered, I don't want to put Ford into Bone's line of fire, either, so I'm glad he let him through just for that reason.

Bone smiles at me, looking directly into my eyes as my gaze follows him across the room. Then he slides into a booth and breaks eye contact.

A fight begins at the front of the bar. I clap my hands together to get Matt's attention. He's not working tonight. He's not strong enough for bouncing yet, but he's here as a wingman of sorts.

I see it, he signs. The big one is drunk.

The big ones always fall the hardest.

And they're a bitch to pick up off the floor.

Matt laughs. I'm so f**king glad he's getting back to normal.

I'll take the little one if you'll take the big one. He cracks his knuckles and grins at me.

You're such a p**sy, I sign. And you can't even claim chemo did it to you because you were a p**sy before you got sick. I grin at him.

He shrugs his shoulders and smiles unabashedly back at me. It makes me so happy to see him like this. I watched him deteriorate last fall to the point where we thought he wouldn't pull through. He still might not, but we have hope.

At least I can get some p**sy if I try. He looks down at the crotch of my jeans. Your dick, however, is going to rot off from lack of use.

I can't help it if I'm a one-woman man.

He claps a hand on my shoulder and squeezes. When do you think she'll be back? I need to thank her.

She wouldn't want any thanks. I shrug my shoulders. I wish I knew.

Matt points toward the fight, which is about to escalate into a full-out brawl. The little guy is dumb enough to shove the big guy. He falls into a woman behind him, and then her boyfriend starts swinging.

Now, Matt says.

Now. I f**king love this part of the job. It takes four of us. Matt, Ford, another bouncer, and I all jump into the fray and quickly have it under control. But the big man is on the floor with his eyes closed. He has a smile on his face. He's murmuring something, but I can't read his lips.

I think he's singing? Matt says, his eyebrows arching in question. Girl you make my speakers go boom boom?

I laugh. People look over as noise bursts from my throat, but I don't care. Laughter feels good. Emily taught me that. Help me get him up.

Matt takes one arm while I take the other, and we hoist him onto his wobbly legs. His girlfriend, who is pretty unsteady herself, says, "We need a cab."

Matt and I haul him out to the cabstand and throw him into a taxi. The girlfriend gets in behind him. I feel bad for the cab driver who will have to throw his big ass out on the sidewalk.

I dust my hands off. At least it's done.

Snow is falling on us, and I brush my hand across my hair. Suddenly, Matt tenses beside me. What? I ask.

He smiles, claps me on the shoulder and says, Take the rest of the night off. Then he points behind me.

I turn around and freeze. My lungs refuse to do their job, and I stand there, not breathing, not moving, trying not to feel anything. But there she is. Emily is standing on the sidewalk looking at me.

She shifts from foot to foot, looking nervous as hell. Snow is falling on her hair, and she's not wearing a coat. Surely she can afford a coat. Her family is worth billions. Her dark-blond hair, so unlike the black hair with the blue stripe she had when I met her, falls down to the middle of her back, and she has it tucked behind her ear. She's not wearing clothes from around here. She's full-on Madison Avenue right now.

But the best thing about it is... she's mine.

Matt says something to her, but she doesn't speak to him. She doesn't break eye contact with me, and I feel like there's an invisible tether between the two of us.

I look at Matt to tell him I'm going wherever she goes. He grins. I guess we won't have to worry about your dick dying from lack of use after all.

I'll see you later.

I doubt it, he says. But he's still grinning that goofy smile. I want to go and hug her, but I guess you get first dibs.

And last dibs. And all the dibs in between.

He waves to her and signs the word later.

She nods, throws him a kiss with the tips of her fingers, and then starts toward me. Her boots leave footprints in the snow, and I force myself to stay still. I tuck my hands in my jeans pockets to keep from grabbing her.

Hi, she signs.

I can't stand it any longer. I reach for her so quickly that she startles, but she's reaching for me, too. I haul her against me, needing to feel her heart beating against mine.

Her breath brushes my ear and f**king tears sting my eyes. I tuck my face into her neck and breathe in the scent that is uniquely hers. She wraps her arms around my waist, and her hands slide into my back pockets. We stand there in the snow like that until I feel dampness on my shirt. I tilt her face up to mine so I can look at her.

"I'm so glad you're home." I use my voice because I don't want to take my hands off her.

"Me, too," she says. A lone tear tracks down her cheek. I wipe it away with the pad of my thumb.

"You're back?" I ask.

She nods, turning her head to kiss my palm.

"For how long?"

"Always." She smiles. God, she can undo me with that smile.

"Promise?" My heart is pounding in my chest.

She nods and draws a cross over her chest. "I swear it."

"What about your father?"

She shakes her head. "I don't want to talk about my father right now."

"I'll never survive it if you leave me again." I swallow the lump in my throat.

"Can you come home with me?" she asks.

If I take her home right now, we won't get to talk at all because I'll be all over her. "Let's go get some pie," I say instead.

Her face falls. "You're mad at me."

"I love you like crazy, girl. How could I be mad at you?" I drink her in from the curve of her lips to the way her eyes look almost black in the darkness of the night.

She squeezes my hands. "Is Matt all right?"

I nod. "Thanks to you, yes."

She exhales, and it's like a balloon has been emptied inside her. "What do we do now?" she asks.

"Pie," we both say at the same time. I take her hand in mine and lead her to the diner where we had our first meal together. Pie is safe. Pie is good. Pie will buy me enough time to be sure she still loves me as much as I love her.

Emily

"I guess I don't have to ask you if you ate today," Logan jokes. When we first met, he felt the need to feed me all the time. Food was scarce, but I always made do.

"I've been too nervous to eat today," I admit, laying a hand on my stomach, which is suddenly growling. I'm glad he can't hear it.

"Why nervous?" he asks as he slides into a booth. Sometimes Logan forgets that he's not signing and uses the minimum number of words possible. It doesn't bother me.

I open my mouth to tell him how scared I was that he hated me when Annie, the waitress, comes to the table and asks, "Do you need a menu?"

Logan shakes his head and motions to me. He'll have what I'm having. "Two pieces of apple pie and two root beers." I say.

She nods and cracks her gum at me. "You look awfully familiar," she says, her eyes narrowing at me.

Logan takes a napkin and pulls a Sharpie from his pocket. He's never without something to write with. He very slowly writes the words my girlfriend. It's slow enough and the letters are spaced far enough apart that I can read them. Then he points to me.

Annie's eyebrows lift. She twists her mouth into a look of incredulity, but then she shrugs and walks away.

"Why didn't you talk to her?" I ask. "You do have a voice."

"I don't talk to everyone."

"Mmm hmm," I hum. "Sometimes I think you like your silent world."

"I like it just fine as long as you're in it." He takes my hand in his and swipes his thumb across my skin. He flips my arm over and looks closely at my tattoo. He looks up at me. "You already knew you were going to leave when you got this."

I knew these questions were coming. And they have to be answered. "I had already called my Dad and told him I would come home if he would take care of Matt. Yes."

He drags his finger from my wrist to my inner elbow, and the hairs on my arms stand up as he traces the letters of his name. It's not a dainty tattoo. It takes up my entire inner forearm. "You called your dad from the hospital that day when they said there was no hope for Matt."

I nod. "They said he could have a chance if he had enough money. And I had access to enough money."

His brow crinkles. "Why didn't you just tell me? You let me wake up alone, and you were gone."

"Would you have let me leave?"

He drags a hand down his face as though he's tired. "I don't know."

"I didn't want to argue with you about it. It was Matt's life or my freedom." I shrug. "I chose Matt's life."

His blue eyes bore intently into mine as he leans forward and cups my neck in his hand. He pulls me toward him. His breath touches my lips ever so gently, and then his mouth slides across mine. I don't know what I expected, but this isn't it. He licks across the seam of my lips, and I lift up to press myself closer to him, hopping up on my knees so I can lean across the table. His tongue is a velvet rasp against mine. When he pulls back, I'm breathless.

"Don't leave me again," he says.

"I won't."

He squeezes my neck, kisses me really quickly, and sits back. I want to go and sit on his side of the table so I can touch him, but he won't be able to see my lips if I do that. I tap his arm so he'll look at me. "I want to show you something."

He raises his eyebrows, and he waggles them playfully. "You had better be ready to show me everything."

I choke. I'll show him that later. "Ask me something in sign language."

When I left, I was a novice at speaking his language. I could follow some things, but not everything. I took a class while I was gone. Now I'm pretty good at it.

He narrows his eyes at me and starts to sign. I started classes at NYU on Monday, he says.

I start Julliard next Monday.

He grins.

Not bad. You practiced?

I took a class.

His mouth falls open. For me?

No, dummy. For me. He grins at that. "Dummy" is a term of endearment in his family. There are a lot more words they use, and none of them flattering, but they love one another like crazy.

My brothers want to see you, especially Matt.

I nod. I want to see them, too.

I take his hand in mine and flip his wrist over so I can see my tattoo on his skin. It's something I'd drawn when I'd felt hopeless and lost. He put it on the inside of his wrist, and then he added a keyhole so I'd have a way out. It sort of goes with the key on my arm. I drag my finger across the one he wears. It's beautiful. Just like him.

He shifts in his seat, adjusting his fly. I raise my eyebrows at him. "Something wrong?" I ask. I use my voice because I don't want to let his hand go.

"Aside from the fact that I'm horny as hell, no." He laughs as heat creeps up my face. "Let's talk about the snow or the frozen river or I'll never be able to get up from here."

Annie sets two plates of pie and two root beers between us. Logan grins at her. I tell her thanks, trying to distract myself. There's something I need to ask Logan. I don't have any right to the answer, and I shouldn't even care, but I need to know.

He tilts my chin up with a crooked finger. "What's wrong?" he asks.

"Logan," I begin. I take a deep breath. "I left you. And I'll understand if you moved on. I just want to be sure that you want me now, from this moment forward. Whatever you did or whoever you saw when I was gone is none of my business." Tears sting in my eyes. I'm forgiving him for whatever he may have done and doing a really poor job of it.

"What the fuck, Emily?" he says. He throws his napkin down on the table. "Ask me the question." His gaze is intense, and I shrink inside a little bit. "Ask me if I f**ked someone else while you were gone. That's what you want to know, isn't it?"

"No. What I'm saying is that..." Shit. I don't know what I'm saying. "If you did, I drove you to it." I heave a sigh and close my eyes. His gaze is too passionate for me.

His voice is quiet but clear, and it reaches me through my closed eyelids. "I haven't f**ked anybody since the night I made love to you." He slaps a heavy hand down on the table. "You really think I could stop loving you like that?"

"Was sex ever about love for you before, Logan?" I open my eyes, and he looks startled.

"Not until I met you," he admits. His shoulders relax a little. "The last person I was inside was you, Em," he says. "You. Only you."

My heart skips a beat. "There hasn't been anyone else for you? That whole time?"

"How could there be, you brilliant little dummy?" he asks. He softens the blow of the word "dummy" because he hurt my feelings with it once. My dyslexia makes reading hard, and people can be cruel.

"Just dummy will do," I say quietly, and a smile breaks through my waterworks.

"What about you?" he asks. His gaze is intense.

My heart is so light that I can barely follow what we were talking about. "What about me?" I ask.

"You asked me if I was faithful to you," he reminds me.

"I wasn't really asking. I was just telling you that I could understand it if you weren't. You didn't even know if I was coming back."

"I knew. But I would have done the same thing even if I hadn't known." His eyes narrow. "Are you avoiding my question?"

"What question?"

"Dammit, Emily." He slaps his hand on the table again. "Did you or did you not f**k someone else?"

People in the nearby booths look in our direction, and I place a finger over my lips. "Turn your voice down," I say.

He says it more quietly. "Did you?"

I lay a hand on my chest. "Oh, God, no," I breathe. How could he even think that?

"I've seen your picture in the tabloids with the old boyfriend. A lot." His gaze is intense again.

"My father's publicity people set that up. They want the world to think we're still happily engaged." I wasn't even aware it was happening when I attended the first event and Trip approached me. The photogs went mad taking shots of us. "I'm sorry you had to see that and wonder about it."

"You're not engaged to him, are you?" Worry furrows his brow, and I feel bad for all I've put him through.

"No. Not since before I left California the first time."

"And he's well aware of this?" Logan asks.

"Very well aware." He knows. I'm not sure he cares, but he knows. "He knows I'm in love with you."

Logan smiles innocently. "He knows about me?"

"He knows all about you." I take his hand. "I love you, Logan."

"Good. Because I plan to put a ring on this as soon as you'll let me." He draws my ring finger to his lips and kisses it gently.

My heart thuds. "A ring?"

He nods. "A ring."

"Can you tattoo one on me?" I ask impulsively. "Because I don't plan to ever take it off."

He smiles. "I'll think about it." He points to my pie. "Eat," he says. "I can hear your stomach growling and I'm deaf. Imagine how much you're offending the other people. They just want to eat their soup, and your stomach sounds like an F-350."

"How do you know what an F-350 sounds like?" I laugh. I have missed him like crazy.

"Tell me something that's loud and groaning, then?" he asks.

"You will be later."

He freezes. "Eat your f**king pie."

I lift a forkful of apple pie to my lips.

I'm home.

Logan

Emily's hand is tucked securely into mine, and that's a good thing because I don't want to ever let her go.

"Can you come home with me?" she asks for the second time. The snow is falling heavily now, and her hair is covered in white flakes as soon as we step out the diner door. I take my hoodie off and put it on her, pulling the fabric over her hair. I wrap a lock of it around my finger, letting the silk slide against my fingertip. I'm wearing a long-sleeve thermal shirt and jeans, but nothing else. I hunch my back against the wind.

Emily lifts my hoodie up to her nose so she can smell it. "You might not get this back," she warns.

"I don't care." I'm just so happy she's here.

"So, do you want to come home with me?" she asks. Her head is tilted to the side like an inquisitive puppy. There's a question in her gaze, one that's full of misunderstanding.

"Where's home?" I ask.

"I have an apartment a few miles from here."

"Why so far away?" I ask.

She shrugs. "My mother chose it. It's near campus."

"Would you rather go home with me?" I ask. I know my brothers want to see her. They've missed her almost as much as I did.

She shakes her head. "I'd rather have you all to myself."

"You live alone?" I'm not sure that's safe.

She nods and tugs on my fingers. "Come with me." She holds up a hand to hail a cab. It stops, and she looks at me with a question in her gaze.

"All right," I say. I help her into the cab with a hand at the small of her back and slide in behind her. She rattles off an address, but I can't see her lips in the darkness.

Her few miles feel like twenty, and I watch the cab rate go up and up and up. I am not sure how much money I have in my wallet. Shit. This is bad.

"Next time, let's take the subway," I toss out. I scrub a hand down my face.

"Not at this time of the night," she scoffs.

"I'd keep you safe." I tip her chin up. "The Emily who left here was fearless. What happened?"

"The Emily that left here was dirt poor. I didn't have any choice but to ride the subway at all hours of the night. Now I don't have to." She looks into my eyes.

I nod my head. I forget sometimes that she comes from privilege. And I don't. We used to be equal, and now we're not.

She reaches up and flattens the space between my eyebrows with the pad of her thumb, and I realize I was scowling at her. I squeeze her hand in reassurance.

Her scent wraps around me, and I want to bury my face in her hair and drink her in. She looks so damn pretty and smells so f**king good that I can't help but pull her legs across mine so that she's almost in my lap. She lays her head on my chest and snuggles into me, her head beneath my chin. I take in the scent of her again and revel in the feel of her in my arms.

I lift the hem of her shirt and slide my hands against her skin. She squeals and grabs for my hand, clutching it still against her belly. "Your hands are freezing," she says over a laugh.

"I know," I admit. "And you're warm. So, warm me up."

Truth be told, I'm so hot right now I could explode. Her bottom is resting on my thigh, and I want so badly to be inside her that I can taste it. She lets my hand go and presses it flat against her stomach, then hitches it higher. I see the cab driver watching us in the rearview mirror and pull my hand back down. She groans. I can feel the vibration of the noise in her belly.

"Patience," I tease.

The cab finally stops, and I pull out a twenty, handing it to the driver. Sorry, no tip. My wallet is now empty since I paid for the pie and for the cab. I'm just glad I had enough.

I stop and look up through the falling snow at her apartment building. It's nothing like where I live. The walls are shiny glass, and there's a doorman who rushes from the front of the building with an umbrella. "Good evening, Miss Madison," he says, as he covers her head to protect her from the snow.

"Good evening, Henry," she replies. She smiles at him, and the old man grins even wider. "Did you have a good day?" she asks.

His smile grows even larger and he says, "It's even better now that I've seen you again."

Emily chucks his shoulder. "Are you always an incurable flirt, Henry?" she teases. His face gets all rosy.

"My wife would kick me out, Miss Madison, if I ever flirted with a single woman."

"How long have you been married, Henry?" Emily asks.

He scratches his chin. "About thirty-six years?"

"Are you asking me?" Emily banters.

He shakes his head and opens the door for her. "It was 1978. I just can't do the math in my head the way I used to."

She stops in the doorway and lays her hand upon my arm. "Henry, this is my friend, Logan Reed."

She signs while she talks, and Henry looks me up and down. But then he sticks his hand out to shake when I offer mine. I take it and appreciate the firmness of his grip.

"Henry," Emily asks, "can you see about getting a key made for Logan? And be sure he's on the list of people who can come and go freely?"

Henry frowns. "Are you certain your father would approve?" he asks.

The whole time he's talking, Emily's translating for me. I really don't need it, unless the man turns away.

"I'm certain my father would not approve," Emily says with a laugh. She wraps one of her arms through mine. "But I plan to marry this man."

His eyebrows arch. "Are congratulations in order?"

She leans toward him like she's going to tell him a secret, but I can see her lips as plain as day. "He hasn't officially asked me yet, but I'm stating my plans up front so he'll know how I feel."

Henry smiles. "I see." He leans toward me this time. "She'll have you walking the straight and narrow in no time." He motions to Emily. "Just look at her. She's gorgeous."

"She's mine," I say, wrapping my arms around her. "So, don't get any ideas." I smile at him and look down into her brown eyes. She blinks up at me. God, she's so pretty.

"If I were one day younger, I would have to fight you for her," he warns. But then he chuckles. He looks at Emily and winks. "I'll get that key made for you. And I'll add him to the list."

She asks him, "Henry, do you think it's necessary for us to tell my father about Logan's key?"

He presses his lips together for a moment and then shakes his head. "What key?"

She grins, but my heart flips over. She doesn't want her father to know I have permission to come and go in her apartment? What the fuck?

Henry eyes my tattoos with an appraising gaze. I'm not sure he approves, but I don't particularly care. I pull the sleeves of my thermal shirt up so he can see the rest. He may as well get a full picture before he decides if I'm worthy of being with Emily or not. I'm a hard-working man who loves art, and I love this girl. That's the only thing he needs to know.

"Thank you for the help," I say. I let Emily pull me toward the elevator. She waves at Henry, and he waves back, blushing at her.

I lean against the wall in the elevator and cross one foot over the other. "Why don't you want your father to know about me?"

She blushes. "I want him to know everything about you, dummy," she says, then grins. "I just don't want him to know you're sleeping with me."

"Sleeping?" I ask, wiggling my eyebrows at her. "I doubt we're going to be doing much sleeping."

The doors open and she steps out, pulling me behind her. She looks at me. "Would you be all right with meeting my parents?" she asks. "They're still in town."

I stop as she opens the door, reaching to tag the top of the doorframe as she walks into the apartment. "You want me to meet your parents?" I wasn't certain she would want that.

She drops her keys on a table by the door, locks the deadbolt behind her, and then puts a security code in the keypad by the door. Her hair hangs down to cover part of her face, and I brush it back. "Em," I say softly. "You want me to meet your parents?"

She heaves a sigh. I can feel it blow across my chin. "I want my parents to meet you. I'm just not sure if I want you to meet them." She blows out a frustrated breath. "My dad can be a little...condescending. I'm afraid of what he'll say to you." She shakes her head. "That's all." She looks directly into my eyes. "It's all about him. Not you."

"So you don't want me to meet them." I let my hands drop to my sides.

"No," she rushes to say. "I want you to meet them."

"When?" I need to know.

She shrugs and grimaces. "Tomorrow?"

A grin tugs at the corners of my lips. "Really?"

She smiles. "Really." She pats my shirt. "You're wet. You should take this off."

She doesn't have to ask me twice. I reach back behind my head and pull my shirt off the way guys do. I don't have anything on under it.

Emily freezes, staring at my chest. "Goodness, would you look at that." She licks her lips.

"If you think these are nice," I tease, gesturing to the tats that cover my chest and shoulders, "just wait until you see the one I put on my ass. It's all yours."

"You got a tat on your ass for me?" she asks.

I nod. "Want to see it?" I tease.

"Hell, yeah."

Emily

Instead of taking off his pants so I can see his ass, Logan stalks toward me, his eyes narrowing as he sucks his lower lip between his teeth and bites down. His hands land firmly on each side of my head, and he leans close to my face, so close that I can feel his breath brush across my ear. He presses his lips to my forehead tenderly and takes a deep breath, his eyes closed.

I reach for him, exploring his nak*d chest with the tips of my fingers. But he groans and lifts my hands over my head, pinning them against the wall. "You're trembling," he says, threading his fingers through mine.

A big rush of breath escapes me, and he laughs.

"Why trembling, Em?" he asks softly. He bends his head and leans down. His teeth catch the top button of my shirt and gently tug it free of its buttonhole. My shirt gapes open, exposing the lacy edge of my bra. His teeth work their way down my shirt until it's hanging open all the way down, and I suck in my stomach as he dips his tongue into my belly button. He looks up at me and grins. "Why trembling?" he asks again.

"Because you're here," I admit. I lay my head back against the wall, and my hands still pinned above my head, although he moves one hand closer to the other and takes my wrists in one his palms. He dips the forefinger of his free hand into the cup of my bra and tugs it down, my breast suddenly free and pushed high with the help of my bra cup gathered beneath it. My nipple beads in the cool air, and he licks his lips.

"Please," I breathe, arching my back toward him. But he doesn't tongue my nipple. I'm not even sure he knows how much I need for him to touch me.

With a quick tug, he unbuttons my jeans, and my zipper tracks slowly southward, the tines loud, our breathing and my heartbeat the only sounds in the room until the click, click, click begins. His hand slips beneath the waist of my panties, and he cups my mound. He doesn't move, even when I rock my hips, trying to force his hand to slide between my lips. Oh God, please touch me.

Instead, he keeps his hand steady and still while his mouth touches mine. His kiss is as soft and gentle as the cup of his palm. My cl*t throbs, as though it's reaching out for him since he won't close the distance. I murmur against his lips. He lifts his head and looks down at me, his tongue still teasing my lower lip, licking across and into me. He pulls back, grinning confidently. "Something wrong?" he asks. His eyelids are half lowered, as if he's drowsy. But I know he's not. He's fully alert...and waiting for me.

Breath heaves from my chest, and I bite my lip.

"My hands are full, so I can't tug your lip free," he says, laughing as he opens my mouth with his tongue and sucks my lower lip. I can't keep up. I just can't. "Better?" he asks.

I let my head fall back against the wall with a thud. "No, I'm not better." I'm standing in the living room with my shirt open, my boobs presented to him like they're on a plate, his hand down my panties and...nothing.

"You're such an ass," I snarl playfully. My n**ples hurt, they're so hard. My panties are soaked, I'm sure. And he's cool as he can be.

"You want me, right?" he asks, his eyebrows drawing together.

"No," I lie. Logan slides a finger between my lips beneath my panties, and I breathe out a hiss. But he pulls his whole hand from my undies before he can stroke across my cl*t again. One touch? That's all I get?

He lets my hands go long enough to push my shirt off my shoulders. He spins me to face the wall and unhooks my bra, letting it fall on the floor beside us. His hands slide into the waistband of my loosened jeans, and they track down my legs, along with my panties.

"No Betty Boop?" he asks. I used to wear Betty Boop panties before. But Madison Avenue doesn't make cartoon undies.

He stops to pull my boots off and pushes my jeans and panties down over my feet. His lips touch the back of my knee, and I grow lightheaded at the sensation of his touch. It has been so long.

He spins me around, and I don't waste a second. I jump up and wrap my legs around his hips, hooking my feet behind his back.

"Where's the bed?" he asks, grinning against my lips.

I can't wait for a bed. The couch is closer. "Couch," I say. He didn't see my lips, so I point to it.

He sits down with me straddling his lap. I lift myself high enough to work the buckle of his belt. He lets me, and he looks somewhat amused as he watches my frantic fumbling. He's hard beneath his zipper, and if I can ever get it down, I will be able to take him inside me. Logan lifts his h*ps when I finally get the button free and the zipper undone, and he shoves his jeans down a little. Not far. I don't give him time.

"Em," he says as I position myself on top of him. He tips my chin up. "Do we need a condom?"

Oh God. He would think of that. He's just that good. "We didn't use one last time," I remind him. Or the time before that.

"You said we were okay those times," he reminds me. He takes his dick in his hand and rubs it along my slit, notching it in my cleft where it bumps my clit. "Are we okay now?"

"I can't think when you do that," I tell him, trying to count the days. My period just ended a few days ago, but then I remember that I'm on the pill. My mom took me to the doctor as soon as I went home. I don't want to think about my mom right now. I tap his shoulders and bounce in his lap. "We're okay," I say.

When the words come out of my mouth, he aims himself directly at my opening and takes my nak*d h*ps in his hands, pulling me down onto him. He groans aloud, filling me slowly as he looks into my eyes. "God, I love you."

My stomach clenches, in a good way, at the nak*d emotion on his face. He leans forward, pushing me back, as he realigns our bodies. I brace myself, leaning back with my hands on his knees, pushing my br**sts forward. With a nearly feral gleam in his eye, he licks across my nipple, and then sucks it quickly into his mouth, drawing deeply on the turgid flesh. He shoves his pants down to his ankles, kicks off his shoes, and wiggles his legs until his pants and boxers hit the floor. He rolls me to the side and onto my back, laying me on the couch with a gentle arm behind my back. He never pulls out of me. If he pulled out at this point, I would have to scream.

Logan brushes my hair back from my face with tender fingers. "I like it when you're on top, but you're going too fast," he says. He looks into my eyes, waiting for my acceptance.

We've only made love twice, and both times were in the same night, the night before I left. Yet I feel like he's been making love to me forever. I trust him with my everything, and I give my everything to him. I nod and pull his head down to mine. He kisses me as he begins to move slowly between my thighs, and I open wider for him. Logan tilts my hips, cupping my bottom in his palm, and goes deeper. My breath rushes from my body as he slides in and out, in and out, in and out. His head travels to my breast, and he pays my n**ples the same amount of attention as he did my lips.

"Jesus Christ, Em," he says. His breath hitches. "We might have to go back to being fast." He closes his eyes tightly, his lips pressed together. "I want to come inside you."

His blue eyes open, and he looks at me through a cloud of passion. I can barely think, much less talk to him. Logan lifts my leg and presses it toward my chest, putting his weight on it, and our position suddenly changes. My breath leaves my body. I turn my head into his forearm, which is beside my face, and nip his wrist with my teeth. He chuckles.

"Like that?" he asks. He sits up a little and looks down at where we're joined, holding my leg close to his chest. His strokes are slow and deep. Then quick enough to take my breath. Then slow. Then quick.

"Jesus, Logan," I cry. "Stop tormenting me."

I open my eyes and look into his. "Be patient. I'll take care of you," he chides. He watches our bodies as one, and he rims my opening with his fingertip, circling around his dick. "So tight," he breathes. I've never shared such intimacy with anyone. Ever. And I know I'll never find a feeling like this with anyone but him. It's more than sex.

He leans down, covering my body with his, and his h*ps lift quickly, pistoning his c*ck inside me. I clutch him to me because I'm afraid I'll shatter. He rocks to his side, and his hand slides between us. He touches my clit, his finger wet from where he just stroked me. He strums my clit. Once. Twice. Three times. Then I shatter with a keening cry.

He lets my leg go, and it falls to the back of the couch. But Logan's not done. He massages my clit, milking every last quiver and shake from my body, working me until I can't take anymore. I pull his hand from between us, whimpering and shaking my head. He thrusts one more time, and then he grunts in my ear, coming inside me, soaking my walls as he grinds out his orgasm. Into me.

Logan collapses on top of me, spent, his breath heavy. My eyes are closed because I don't have enough strength left to open them. But I feel his gentle hands as he tilts my head to face him. "Look at me," he insists. His voice is hesitant. "I need for you tell me everything is going to be all right."

I don't know what he means. I'm back, aren't I? I shake my head. "Nothing's wrong."

He searches my face. "You promise?" His eyebrows draw together tightly. "You're certain?"

I push his shoulder so that he has to sit up a little. "Certain about what?" I ask.

He withdraws from me, and I'm left wet and well worked. My arms and legs are limp, and I can barely think. "Are you asking me if I'm going to leave again?"

He nods. "And other things."

"What other things?"

He stands up, and... Goodness, he's beautiful nak*d. He's beautiful with clothes on, too, but nak*d...my goodness. He's a work of art.

"I want you to f**king marry me, Em," he says.

My heart trips a beat. "Well, that's the worst proposal ever," I joke.

"Tell me this is real," he implores me.

I take his hand and look into his blue eyes. "It's as real as it gets," I say.

He pulls me to my feet. "Good."

"You're staying the night, aren't you?" I ask. He had better be.

He grins at me. "Why should I?"

"Because I will be hurt if you leave." I'm honest, and his face softens.

"Of course, I'm not leaving, dummy." I thrill at the term of endearment. There was a time a word like that hurt me, but not from him.

"Want to go take a shower?" I ask.

He shakes his heads, nuzzling his five-o'clock shadow into the side of my neck. "I plan on messing you up again," he warns, waggling his brows at me. "I'll get a washcloth from the bathroom so we can clean up." He tweaks my nose. "You'll sleep better that way."

He turns around, and I see the words tattooed across his hip: My name is Emily.

It's in my handwriting, as if he took the note and photocopied it over his skin. It's from when I first told him my name. I'd written it down for him as a surprise. "You put my note on your ass."

"I wanted to remember it forever," he says. He looks deep into my eyes, and tears sting the backs of my lashes.

"You did this after I left." I don't need to pose it as a question. I already know the answer.

He nods. "Loved you then. Love you now."

I take his AC/DC shirt from my closet. I'd unpacked a bit before I went to the club.

"You had my shirt all this time?" he asks.

"It's not your shirt," I grouse. "It's mine." I'd taken it with me when I left and slept in it every night since. "Possession being nine-tenths and all," I say. But he's grinning as I pull the covers back and climb between the sheets.

"What kind of sheets are these?" he asks, sliding his thumb across the threads.

The really expensive kind. "They're just sheets." I don't want to talk about thread counts or anything else. I just want him to hold me. He reaches a wet rag toward the apex of my thighs, and I intercept it. "I can do that."

He holds tightly to it for a second. "I like taking care of you," he says.

My face flushes with heat. "Give me some time to adjust to having you around, will you?" This is all new to me, this level of intimacy. I've never experienced it before.

His eyes narrow. "You had better get used to it quick." He pats his tatted chest. "Because what you see is what you get."

He's so much more than what people see. I just wish he knew it as well as I do.

Logan lies down and pulls me onto his chest. His lips touch my hair. I'm wearing his shirt and nothing else, and he's nak*d. He's tense beneath me, and his belly flinches when I lay my hand upon it. The sheet twitches. I look down at where the covers drape the lower half of his body. I can't help it. I lift it up and peek underneath. The crown of his dick arches toward me.

"You want to go to sleep?" I ask.

He shakes his head and rolls me over. He's inside me before I can blink, and I've never felt more at peace.

###

The phone rings the next morning, jolting me out of my peaceful state. Logan is sound asleep, one of his legs tossed over my nak*d bottom. His arm is wrapped around my back so tightly that I have to untangle his limbs from mine to reach for the phone.

"'Lo," I mutter.

Logan lifts his head, his eyebrows drawing together.

"Miss Madison?" a voice says.

"Yes?" I sit up on my elbows, brushing my hair back from my face.

"Miss Madison, it's Henry."

I wipe the sleep from my eyes. "Mmm hmm," I murmur. My cheek falls back toward the pillow. Logan's lips nuzzle my temple.

"Miss Madison," Henry says. "I thought you'd want to know that your parents just arrived. They're on their way up."

Logan

Emily jumps to her knees and scrambles bare-assed across the bed. God, she's pretty, even with her hair looking like she's been tumbled in a dryer and the crease of the sheets across her cheek. I shake out my arm. It's numb from where she's been lying on it. Pins and needles reach from my fingertips to my armpits.

What's wrong? I sign when I can feel my fingers again.

Parents are here, she signs back.

She slams the phone down and runs to her closet.

Shit. Her parents are here? This is not how I anticipated meeting them.

Don't just lay there. She shoves my leg. Get dressed.

She runs out into the living room and comes back with my clothes and shoes, throwing them at me. I knock my shoes to the floor like I'm brushing a bug from my face.

Emily just rolls her eyes and shoots me a glare.

I jump up and start putting my clothes on. I've been in some funny situations before, but this one is the most worrisome. This wasn't how I wanted to meet them. I wanted to be dressed nicely, shaved, and looking like someone who could be good for their daughter. I pull my thermal shirt over my head and grit my teeth.

Fuck. I guess I'll have to make the best of it.

I jump into my jeans, and Emily rushes to the bathroom to brush the snags out of her hair. I get dressed all the way down to my shoes because I want to have shoes on to meet her parents. One of my socks is missing, but I don't have time to look for it. I follow her and squirt some of her toothpaste onto my finger so I can "brush" my teeth. I run my finger over my teeth, and she grins at me over her toothbrush.

I spit and rinse my mouth out, and she does the same. She darts past me, but I wrap my arm around her waist and drag her back to me. She's only halfway protesting as she laughs against my lips.

Behave yourself, she scolds.

She puts on a pot of coffee, and I stand there with a cup under the spout instead of the pot, and I replace it with the empty pot and rush to the kitchen table as soon as it's full. I open her newspaper and turn quickly to the word search. I fill it up with words that will make it look like I've been working on it for quite some time.

My pencil is poised over the newspaper when her parents walk in the door.

Did they even knock? I sign to Emily.

She shakes her head and winces. Thank God Henry called.

Her father raises his eyebrow as soon as he sees me at the table. Then his eyes narrow, and he stares at me. His eyes take in my tats, which go all the way up my neck and down to my wrists. I never want to hide them, and in truth, his perusal makes me want to pull my sleeves back so he can see every last one. But something tells me he won't be impressed.

"Mom. Dad." Emily motions toward me. "This is Logan." She motions back toward them. She's signing while she talks, and I kind of wish she'd stop.

Her mother rushes forward. "Logan, darling," she gushes. "We've heard so much about you."

My heart leaps at the thought that Emily talked about me while she was gone. Maybe she longed for me the same way I longed for her. "It's wonderful to meet you," I say as I stick out my hand.

She bypasses it and wraps her arms around me. She squeezes me tightly and doesn't let go for a moment. Then she steps back, her hands still on my upper arms. She squeezes. "Goodness, you're a solid lump of man, aren't you?" she says, smiling. She winks at me. "I can see why Emily is so enamored."

Heat creeps up my face.

Emily's dad shoves his hands into his pockets and rocks back on his heels. He nods at me, and I think he grunts. I wouldn't know if any sound came out of his mouth, but I can tell he just made a noise. One that would dismiss me if I could hear it.

I stick my hand out toward him. "Mr. Madison," I say.

Begrudgingly, he reaches for my hand and takes it in a firm grip. I force myself not to squeeze back when he tightens his grip in warning. Instead, I take it. I let him be in control because he's her father for fuck's sake. I don't like it, but I take it.

"Logan came to have breakfast with us," Emily rushes to say. She puts her hands on top of ours and pries her father's fingers back. He lets her. I shake the pain out of my hand when he releases it.

He takes in the crease still etched on her cheek and her lack of makeup. "I'm certain he did," her father says.

Her mother drops bags of pastries, bagels, and assorted other breakfast foods on the table. Emily starts to unpack the bags, bouncing up on her toes as she does. She's padding around in socks, and I can't help but remember that one of my own socks is missing. I walk into the living room where I see it sticking out of one of the couch cushions. I pocket it quickly, shoving it in the pocket of my hoodie. Her mother follows me into the room and grins at me, then shakes her finger. "You're not leaving are you?"

Not on your life. "No, Mrs. Madison," I say. "I was just looking for something."

She narrows her eyes. "Did you find it?" She's asking me about more than just my missing sock, I think.

I cough into my closed fist to clear my throat, which suddenly has a lump in it. I don't know why. "Yes, ma'am."

She arches an eyebrow at me, prompting me to continue.

"I have everything I need now that Emily's back." I look her in the eye.

"Stay strong," she says. Then she winks at me. She startles and looks toward the door.

Emily comes from around the corner, her eyes narrowed. Her dad stands behind her smirking. Someone must have knocked on the door. She rushes to it, looks through the peephole, and steps back, muttering to herself. I can't quite read her lips.

Emily opens the door, and a man brushes past her. He's wearing a button-down shirt, a tie, and kicks that cost more than my monthly rent. He puts down his suitcase, shakes hands with Mr. Madison, and turns to Emily. He starts toward her, his arms outstretched. I step forward to get between them, but Mrs. Madison grabs my arm. "Don't," she warns. "This will work itself out."

Emily lets him pull her into an embrace, but she doesn't hug him back. She cringes instead. This warms my heart.

She looks over at me, and I see something I don't quite understand in her gaze. Is it pity? For me? Is she afraid I can't compete with this man? Who the hell is he, anyway?

I draw a circle around my lips, asking her who he is without anyone seeing me. She crooks her index finger into the sign for the letter x. That's her ex? Seriously?

Emily's past has just walked in the door. And if the look on his face is any indication, he no longer wants to be in the past. He wants more.

I look at her father, who's smirking at me with his arms folded in front of his chest. He doesn't want the asshat to be in the past either.

Fine. I'll knock his ass into the middle of next week. That's the only way he'll ever be a part of her future.

I take a step forward flexing my fingers as I go. He's as big as I am, but I'd be willing to bet his jaw is made of candy, just like his ass.

Emily

This is not good. Not good at all. Trip isn't supposed to be here. He's supposed to be in LA. But he's here.

He walks toward me as though we're old friends. As though just a few months ago he didn't call me stupid, among a few other choice words. As though I hadn't left him standing at the altar before my last trip to New York, when I met Logan. As though I would accept the embrace he tries to offer to me.

He hugs me, pulling me way too close to him. I push against his chest, harder and harder until he has to let me go. Logan's on his away across the room. I shove Trip back and slide my hand into the crook of Logan's arm. I brush my hair back from my face. "What are you doing here, Trip?" I grit out.

Logan flexes his fingertips, squeezing them into a fist over and over. He looks like he could choke the life out of Trip with his bare hands.

Logan looks at my dad, his eyes open in mock disbelief. "You didn't tell her, Mr. Madison?"

"Hadn't had a chance yet," Dad says, but he's smiling. "Guess now's as good a time as any." He motions for Trip to continue.

"Your dad is moving me out here temporarily. He didn't like the idea of you being in the city all alone." Trip looks at my dad as though he needs reassurance. Dad nods. Trip grins and acts like he's going to hug me again, but Logan places a hand on his chest. Trip looks down his nose at Logan, like he just smelled something bad. "Who the hell are you?" he asks. He takes in the way that I'm holding onto Logan's arm with all my might, and he drops his jaw for a second. He lets out a quivery breath. "This is him?" he asks the room. "This is the guy?" Then he laughs out loud.

Logan's arm flexes beneath my hand. I squeeze it tightly, digging my fingernails into his skin to get his attention. He looks at me, finally, and I stare directly into his eyes and mouth the words I love you.

He nods ever so slightly, and the tension in his body eases a bit.

"So you're moving to New York?" I ask Trip.

He looks at my father, who nods. "Isn't it great?" he gushes. "Mr. Madison wants me to head up the New York office."

I look at my dad, watching his face. "We have a New York office?"

He smiles. "We do now."

"Congratulate me, Em!" Trip cries. "Aren't you even the tiniest bit happy to see me?" He's practically giddy, and it's rather nauseating.

"Oh, Ralph," my mother breathes as she finally realizes what's happening. "You didn't." She buries her face in her hands and groans. She glances up at me. "I had no idea. I'm so sorry." She looks at Logan with an apology on her face.

I have a feeling things are about to get worse. My gut clenches in anticipation, and my pulse starts to hammer.

"Why don't we have a seat?" Dad says. He points toward the couch for my mom, and Trip falls into a chair across the room. I shove Logan in the hip until he drops into a chair, too, and I sit down on the edge of it. He wraps his arm around my bottom, his hand settling on my hip. Both my dad and Trip frown when they see it. I cover his hand with mine to hold him there.

"What's going on, Dad?" I ask. I look at Trip. He's grinning. "Why are you here, Trip?"

Trip stands up quickly and claps his hands together. "I'm your new roomie!" he cries.

Logan's hand tightens on my waist, and I look down at him, holding up one finger to ask him for patience. "I don't have a roommate," I say. "Nor do I want one."

"I can't believe you did this, Ralph," my mother says. She jumps to her feet. "I can't believe you did this without talking to me."

The room quiets, my mom's heels clicking against the floor as she paces the only sound in the room.

"I don't want you to be in the city all alone," Dad says to me. He looks much too pleased with himself. "And then we realized Trip would be coming to New York, and we thought it would help both of you out. You have two bedrooms after all. And now you won't have to be alone."

"I wasn't going to be alone," I start. But Logan squeezes my hip. I stop talking.

My dad's brow furrows. "What exactly do you mean, Emily?" he asks.

"I-" I stop, not knowing how to continue. "I-" I close my mouth again. "Never mind," I mutter.

"New York is a dangerous place, Em," Trip says. He's still smiling. Like a used car salesman. Or a shark, right before it takes a big bite out of an unsuspecting swimmer. He looks at Logan as though he's confirmation of the danger in the city. "You never know what kind of people you might run into."

I roll my eyes toward the ceiling and count to ten.

Logan is quiet. A little too quiet. He's strung tighter than my guitar strings. "You okay?" I ask. I sign while I talk.

Trip smacks himself in the forehead with his open palm. "Oh my God," he cries. "I completely forgot about your impairment!" He says the next few words, punctuating each one with a pause. "Do. You. Need. For. Us. To. Talk. Slowly?"

"I can keep up," Logan says. "But thank you for the offer."

"Just. Let. Us. Know. If. We. Need. To. Talk. Slower." Trip smiles, and I want to punch him in the face.

Logan lifts his head, a smile I know he doesn't feel tilting the corners of his lips. "Thanks."

"Dad," I begin. "Trip can't stay here."

Dad looks at Trip, and the mock confusion on each of their faces mirrors the other. "Why not?" Trip asks.

Dad points toward the open bedroom door. "You have two bedrooms. And plenty of space." He narrows his eyes at me. "You, yourself, told me that you two were still friends when you came home. Is that not the case?"

He's playing dumb. I know my father. And I know when he does and does not understand something. He understands all too well. "Trip's my ex-boyfriend, Dad. You don't think that will be a little bit awkward?"

Dad waves a breezy hand in the air. "It doesn't have to be. You two can come and go as you please. And I'll feel better about being on the other side of the country if he's here with you."

"He can't stay here." I'm putting my foot down. I won't allow this to happen. "I'll leave, Dad. I swear to God, if you try to make me do this, I'll disappear again."

Dad sits back, looking smug. "You know, I got a call from Matt's doctor the other day." Dad stares direct at Logan. "They said your brother is ready for phase two of the treatment. And they asked if I would be providing the funds."

Logan's arm falls from around my waist, and he lumbers to his feet very slowly. He looks down at me and presses a finger to my lips. His finger trembles. "Mr. Madison," he says. He nods at my dad, and then at my mom. "Mrs. Madison. It was wonderful to meet you. I will say good-bye now." He starts toward the door. "And as far as the treatment is concerned, if Emily's freedom is the price, you can take your money and shove it up your ass." He stops at the door. I'm latched onto his arm like a Velcro monkey.

"Please don't walk out," I beg. "Not like this. I can fix this."

He peels me off of his arm. "I know you can." He kisses my forehead, his lips lingering there as he breathes in deeply, his eyes closed. Then he pushes me back from him. "I need to go," he says. His voice is hoarse. "I'll talk to you later."

"I'm going to deal with this, and then I'll come find you. I promise."

He nods. Then he steps out the door and closes it softly behind him. There's a thud on the other side of the wall and I know Logan waited until he got outside to smash something.

"Good riddance," Trip says, brushing his hands together like he's wiping dust from them.

Logan

I plump a woman's breast in my hand, imagining how the tattoo she wants across the top of it will sag in twenty years. "I don't think this is the best place," I say. I'm wearing gloves, and I'm behind the curtain at the back of the shop, which is where all the private tattoos are done. I tried to talk Paul, my oldest brother, into doing this one, but he didn't have time. His daughter, Hayley, is with a sitter, and he has to go and pick her up. I volunteered to go instead, but he laughed, shook his head, and walked out.

I plump the woman's breast again. I made her put pasties over her n**ples before I would even touch her. So it's not like this is a sexual thing. For me. It is for her, apparently since she reaches for my belt buckle, and I brush her hands away, lifting my knee to block her. I don't need this. I pass her shirt to her. "Put this on, please."

Her lower lip juts out in an expression she probably thinks is sexy. I just think it's pathetic. "You used to be so much more fun," she pouts.

Yeah, back then I wasn't in love with a woman I couldn't have.

I'm still smarting over her father's plan to move Trip in with her. The a**hole hadn't even introduced himself to me. All he did was patronize me as though I'm stupid.

Are. You. An. Ass? Yes. You. Are. An. Ass.

But he is an ass who is now living with my girl.

The curtain shakes. It's how people ask me for permission to enter in the private area of the shop. I call out, "Come on back." Emily pops her head around the curtain. You busy? she asks, signing to me. I like it when she does that.

Despite what happened earlier, I'm so f**king happy to see her. She walks across the room slowly and then kisses me softly. I want to linger over her lips all day and all night. Never too busy for you. I'm glad the woman on the table has her shirt back on.

"What about me?" my so-called customer asks.

"I think you should put the tattoo on your side. Or below your breast, rather than at the top," I suggest.

She shimmies her unbound boobs at me under her shirt. "Are they too big for a tattoo?"

I've seen it a million times. After a few years and a couple of kids, her boobs will be looking down at her belly button. That's not a bad thing-all women are beautiful-it's just bad for tattoos.

"I think it would maintain better if we put it below your breast. It's for your boyfriend, right?" I look down at the tattoo. It's a man's name. She nods. Poor schmuck might have no idea she's a whore who would do me as fast as I could blink. I'm going to run it really lightly because I have a feeling she's going to be covering it up before long.

She nods, and I get out my equipment. "Can you wait for me to finish?" I ask Emily.

Emily and I have to talk. I have to find out what happened today after I left. I couldn't sit there. I just couldn't. Not while her father held Matt's treatment over her head again. Had she consulted me I probably wouldn't have let her do it the first time, and I'll be f**ked sideways before I let her do it again. She's not cattle that can be traded. She's a f**king person, and I love her to death.

"I can wait," she says. She goes out to sit with Friday, the girl who runs the front of the shop, while I work on the tattoo, and a half hour later, she's laughing at something Friday is saying as I walk out with the newly tattooed girl. Emily looks up at me, blinking her pretty brown eyes. I have missed her so much, and I'm so glad she's back. But I'm a little apprehensive.

The girl goes to pay Friday and slips her number in my pocket as she strolls by me. I toss it into the wastebasket after she's gone. Emily's eyebrows go up. "Should I be worried?" she asks, but she's grinning.

I don't feel like grinning. "Should I be?" I toss back. I motion for her to follow me to the back of the shop. She lets me help her to her feet and follows me.

"Are you done for the day?" she asks as I clean up my supplies.

I nod. "What happened after I left?"

She sobers. Her gaze skitters around. Fuck. That's not good. "Not much," she hedges, wincing.

I tip her chin up with my finger and force her to look at me. "I won't let you trade yourself for Matt's treatment again."

She waves a breezy hand in the air. "Don't worry about that. My mother told him she would pay for it herself if it came down to it. She loves you already." She grins at me. "Something about those tall, tatted white boys. Older women love them."

A laugh bursts out of my throat. Emily grins, but then she winces again.

"Tell me," I coax. "It can't be worse than what I've been imagining all day."

"Trip's going to stay at my place while he looks for an apartment of his own." She waits for me to react. I draw in a deep breath, trying not to. "Are you angry?"

I set her back from me. "Are you f**king kidding me?" I ask. I'm so angry that I can barely see straight. She takes a step back from me, and I realize she's never really seen me angry. She saw me irritated at the diner when she asked me about f**king someone else. She's seen me cry. She's seen me hurt, like when we thought Matt was going to die. But she's never really seen me angry. I work to soften my stance. "I'm angry at them. And if I ever have to see Trip again I'll probably flatten him."

"Can I watch?" she asks. But she's grinning. "See, here's the thing," she says hesitantly. "While Trip's looking for a place to stay, I was hoping maybe you would let me stay at your apartment." She holds her breath, waiting for my response.

"Are you f**king kidding me?" I ask again. But this time I wrap my arms around her while I do it and spin her around. She giggles against me, and I can feel the movement of it in her belly. She doesn't try to push me away the way she did with Trip earlier when he tried this move on her. Of course, he wasn't the happiest man in the whole f**king world when he did it. I guess that matters.

"Of course you can stay with me." I tweak her nose. "Silly woman."

I want her with me every minute of every day.

"Your brothers won't mind?" she asks.

"They'll be ecstatic," I say. I tuck a lock of hair behind her ear. "They've missed you."

"Does your apartment smell like sweat socks and stale pizza?" she asks.

I grimace. It probably does. I hold my finger and thumb an inch apart. "Maybe a little bit."

She cuddles into me, wrapping her arms around my waist. She says something against my chest, but I can't see her lips. I tip her face up. "What?" I ask.

"I love you," she says. Then she says it again and again and again, and my heart swells. I kiss her like there's no tomorrow, until we're both breathless. The lights turn off.

"I think that's our cue to leave," I say. I shove the curtain back, and Friday glares at us, her purse over her shoulder.

"Did you just have sex back there?" Friday asks, deadpan.

"Oh my God, no," I say.

I shove Friday's shoulder gently, kind of like I would one of my sisters if I had any.

"That's so unsanitary," she warns.

Emily covers her mouth, trying not to laugh.

"If you did, go spray something back there, will you? Some antiseptic or something." She scrunches up her nose.

"We didn't," I say, growling as I reach for Friday. She hates it when I give her noogies. She screams and ducks outside my reach.

"Well, when you do, don't get germs all over the place. Put down some paper or something." She's serious about this, but it still makes me laugh. Now I won't be able to get the idea of hav**g s*x with Emily out of my head when I'm at work.

"I'll be sure he sanitizes," Emily says. I wrap my arm around her, pulling her into my side. I kiss her, and if we don't get out of here soon, I'll have no choice but to take her back behind the curtain and then sanitize.

We follow Friday out the door, and she turns and locks it. "Good night," she calls to us. It's still early on a Saturday evening, so I don't offer to walk her home. She turns away but then spins toward us again. "I'm glad you're back, Emily," she says, cupping her hands around her mouth as she yells. Then she walks away.

"She's something, isn't she?" Emily asks.

She's definitely something. We just don't know what.

"Do you want to go and get something to eat?" she asks. I realize she has her black canvas bag over her shoulder. I take it from her and put it over my own.

"You came prepared, huh?" I ask.

"I had a feeling you wouldn't send me away." She grins up at me. I couldn't send her away even if I wanted to.

"Let's go home and order a pizza," I suggest. I look down at my watch. "Hayley will still be up. I'm sure she wants to see you."

"Take me home," she says. So I do.

Emily

We step through the door of the apartment Logan shares with his four brothers, and I jump back when they all yell, "Surprise!"

I look up at Logan who shakes his head and signs the word sorry. Then he pulls me to him, wrapping his arms tightly around me, but it's not for more than a moment. His brothers rush at me. Sam and Pete, the youngest brothers in the family, get to me first. The twins attack me from both sides, squishing me between them like I'm the filling of a sandwich. They squeeze me, and they press their lips against each of my cheeks.

"If you lick me," I warn. Sam already has his tongue out, but he sucks it back in really quickly and grins at me.

"Welcome home," Sam says. He steps back, and Pete's arms fall around me. He squeezes me tightly, clutching my head against his chest as his hands tumble through my hair.

"Would you cut it out?" I grouse, trying to flatten my hair back down. Pete laughs and steps to the side.

"Welcome home," Paul says before wrapping me up in his arms. He really is a big guy, even bigger than Logan, and I think he could wrap around me twice.

"Thanks," I murmur against his chest. I can barely breathe, but it's worth it.

Then there's Matt. He leans against the kitchen counter with his arms crossed in front of his chest. He doesn't smile. His eyes are wet, and he blinks really quickly.

"Come here, big guy," I say, making a come hither motion with my fingers. He pushes off the counter and starts toward me.

"I'm going to kiss your girl, Logan," he warns. Logan's eyebrows shoot up, but he doesn't complain. He smiles and shrugs his shoulders.

Matt stops in front of me and tips my face up to his. He looks directly into my eyes and holds my gaze. "Thank you," he says.

I gulp past the lump that's suddenly in my throat and try to sound flippant. "For what?" I ask with a breezy wave. He won't let me look away though. He holds my face between his palms and stares into my eyes.

"For saving my f**king life," he says. "Thank you."

He leans down and kisses me on the cheek with a loud smack.

"Oh, I didn't do anything," I start.

He looks down at me, and his gaze is so serious that my insides quiver. "Yes, you did,"

he says. "I'll never forget it." He looks over at Logan. "I'm not the only one you saved," he whispers to me. That lump in my throat grows ten times its size. "You ever need anything at all, you come to me, all right? I'd do anything for you."

"Could you kill a guy for me?" I ask. He could at least bust Trip's kneecaps.

His eyebrows scrunch together. "There's probably a story there. I hope you'll tell it to me later."

I nod. "You're better, right?" I ask. I hold my breath while I wait for the answer.

He smiles. "I'm not dead."

"Well, there's a start," Paul says, jumping in. "We should have written that on the cake." He takes the top off a small cake box and Welcome Home is written across the icing. "For the guest of honor," he says with a flourish.

"Can we eat the pizza now?" Sam whines. "Or do we have to keep doing the reunion thing?"

Paul smacks the back of his little brother's head. "She saved his f**king life, dickwad."

Pete mimics Sam's whine. "Can we eat the pizza now?"

I laugh and pick up a piece, shoving it into my mouth.

"Thank God," Paul moans as he reaches for a piece for himself. He smacks at Sam's hands as he gets in his way. "I was starving."

I'm so touched by their impromptu party that I can't stop smiling. I have this stupid perma-grin on my face, but I'm just so happy to be here. Logan pulls out a chair at the table and motions for me to sit. But I suddenly feel little fingers tugging on the legs of my jeans. I look down at Hayley, who blinks her pretty blue eyes at me. Hayley is three, and we spent some time together when I was here before.

"Welcome home," she says. I set my pizza on the counter and reach for her. "Oh my goodness," I breathe as I bend down and pick her up. She wraps herself around me and holds me close. She lets me go and whispers in my ear. "Are you staying for good?" She chews on her finger as she waits.

"I'm staying forever and ever." I am. I'm never leaving again, no matter what. Anything else we need, we can work out as a family. This ragtag bunch of boys and Hayley are as much a family to me as my parents are right now-they're home.

I set Hayley on the edge of the counter and cut a piece of cake for her. Her eyes gleam, and she smiles sheepishly at her father.

"Food first," Paul warns. I stick a fork in the cake and take a big bite, and then hold a smaller forkful out for her. Paul scrunches his brow and says, "Fine. One bite." He holds up a finger in warning.

Hayley grins, and I feed her the cake.

"This is really good," I murmur around my cake.

Pete smacks Sam on the shoulder. "See, told you she would love it," he says.

Sam blushes and says, "It's just a cake."

I point to the cake. "You did not make this."

More pink creeps up Sam's neck. "Sometimes I bake." He puts his hands on his h*ps and balks at me. "Real men bake cakes. And pies. And cookies. And other shit." He waves a hand through the air as he scolds me. I had no idea Sam could bake. It's really some of the best cake I have ever eaten.

"Real men with really small dicks," Pete says, holding his fingers about an inch apart. Sam punches his shoulder.

"Ask your girlfriend about my dick," Sam tosses back. "She seemed to like it a lot last night."

"Knock it off," Paul scolds as he takes Hayley off the counter and sets her on the floor. "There are girls in the house."

"They don't count as girls," Sam says around a mouthful of pizza.

"Well, thanks," I complain.

"You know what I mean." Sam is still talking with his mouth full.

Logan wraps his arms around my waist and places his chin on my shoulder. "Feels like a girl to me," he says. He growls and nibbles on the side of my neck.

God, I love being here with them. I missed a lot while I was away, and I want to find out everything all at once.

Can we sneak out of here and into the bedroom yet? Logan signs to me after he turns me to face him.

That would be rude. I shake my head. We just got here. Did you know they were going to do this?

He shrugs his shoulders and grins. I knew there was cake. The pizza is just dinner, I think. They didn't know when you'd come by.

You could have warned me.

Where would be the fun in that? He jerks a thumb toward the bedroom. Can we go to bed yet? He waggles his eyebrows at me.

Where would be the fun in that? I ask. My pocket vibrates, and I reach for my phone. It's my mom, I tell Logan. "Hello," I say quietly. I walk toward Logan's bedroom so I can hear my mom talk.

"Are you all right?" my mom asks.

"Of course. Why wouldn't I be?" I step into Logan's room.

"I just wanted to be sure. Trip called your father and said you weren't at your apartment."

"Mom," I start.

"I know, I know," she interjects. I can almost imagine her holding her hands out in surrender. "Are you at Logan's?" Her voice is almost singsong.

A grin tugs at my lips. "Yes, they had a party for me," I admit. "It was really nice."

"And Logan?" she asks. "How is he?"

What she really wants to know is how angry he is at my father. "He's fine."

"Your father will get used to him," she says.

"He'll have to." That sounds flippant, but it's not. It's the truth.

"Emily," she warns. She takes a deep breath. "Even you have to admit he's not what your father envisioned for you."

He's not what I envisioned for myself, either. I never even hoped to find someone as kind and generous as Logan. "I know. Isn't it great?"

My mother heaves a sigh. "There's a party tomorrow at the hotel. Your father is hosting it. We'll pick you up at three."

"Wait," I say. "Why do I have to go?"

"It's a family event," she says. "You should bring Logan. It's not black tie, but it's rather formal," she warns.

"Mom," I moan. I'm pretty sure Logan doesn't own a tie, much less a black one. "I don't want to go." I probably sound like a two-year-old, but I don't care.

"It's not optional. Your father is presenting his new ad campaign, and there will be some New York officials there."

"I wanted to spend tomorrow with Logan," I say quietly.

"I told you to bring him with you."

"He doesn't have anything to wear," I admit.

"Oh," my mother chirps. "Never fear. I'll take care of it. I'll have some things sent over for him. And for you, too. You can both take your pick of what to wear and send the rest back. Or keep it. I don't particularly care."

I can see Logan in a formal setting. He can fit in anywhere. I'm sure of it. "All right," I sigh. "Send it."

"I'll send it to your apartment." She stops talking and lets me absorb her words. "That is where you're staying, right?" she asks. I can almost feel her grin through the phone.

"Yes, Mom. My apartment." I bite back a groan.

"We'll pick you both up at three," she tells me. "Love you."

She's gone before I can respond.

Logan pokes his head into the room. Everything ok?

I nod. My mom said my presence is requested at a party tomorrow. I raise an eyebrow at him. Any chance you could go with me?

He pulls his head back, his chin pushing toward his chest as he looks down at me. What kind of party?

The really fancy kind.

His gaze shoots toward his closet, and I can already see him trying to plan.

My mom said she would send clothes for both of us. I hold my breath waiting for his response. I need clothes too.

Is it important to you?

Is it? No. It's important to my father. I have to go. And if you don't go, I'll be stuck with Trip all night.

I can see the look in his eyes when it's settled. I'm going.

You don't have to.

I'm going.

He motions for me to come back out and join his brothers. I push back my fears about tomorrow. I grab his elbow as he walks by me, pulling him around. He wraps his arms around me and I think I'm going to get a quick hug, but his hands slide down over my ass and he hoists me up. I wrap my legs around his waist as he pushes me against the wall.

"Wow," I breathe. But he can't hear me. His lips touch mine, kissing me hard, like he didn't just spend last night in my bed. He licks into me, and I slide my tongue against the soft rasp of his. He steals my wits with every kiss. With every touch, he takes my breath.

He lifts his head and brushes his nose against mine, back and forth in little sweeps.

His arms are braced on the wall beside my head, and I turn to press my lips against the tattoo on his inner forearm. It's the tattoo I drew, and it represents so much about our love for one another. I drew the guitar with the broken strings, shackles, and thorns when I was lost. And Logan added the keyhole to the center. He unlocked my world. And I'm not lost anymore.

I tip his face to mine so he can see my lips. "Let's skip the party," I suggest.

He heaves a sigh. "We can't." He presses his face into my neck and inhales deeply. Then he unhooks my legs from around his waist. "They rented a movie."

I can just imagine car chases and guns. They are boys after all. "My kind or your kind?" I ask.

"There are no gender delineations here," he teases, shaking his finger at me. He takes my hand and pulls me out of the room. Paul is in the lazy chair with Hayley in his lap, reading a book, and Sam and Pete are on one of the sofas. Matt is alone on the other, so I sit down beside him and lean into his shoulder. He reaches up to tousle my hair and smiles at me.

"I'm glad you're back, kid," he says. I lean more heavily into him, and he lifts his arm to the back of the sofa so I can nestle into his side. I breathe him in. He's so much softer than Logan. But the cancer took its toll. He's lost weight, and he has dark shadows beneath his eyes.

"You sure you're okay?" I whisper to him. He looks down at me and tweaks my nose as Logan pulls my feet into his lap.

I lay my head on Matt's thigh and he leans down to whisper to me. "Quit worrying about me and enjoy being back." His hand strokes absently down the length of my hair as someone presses "play" to start the movie. I love this gentle giant.

The movie starts, and it's not a thriller or a car chase. There's no shooting. It's a love story. My eyes well up with tears, and I scrub them on Matt's leg.

"There's no place like home," I say quietly.

***

I wake up to the feel of being hoisted in the air. I reach for Logan's neck, and he chuckles. "I got you," he says to assure me.

"Don't drop her," Matt warns.

"I let you snuggle with her all through the movie," Logan complains. But I can tell he's not angry. "But she's my girlfriend. And I'm not going to drop my girlfriend." He nods toward Matt's room. "You going to bed?" Logan asks.

Matt stretches and groans. "In a minute." He stretches his leg out in front of him and wiggles his feet. "My f**king leg's asleep."

"That's what you get for stealing my girl," Logan scolds.

Matt laughs. "It was f**king worth it." He calls to me, "Love you, kid!"

"Love you, too," I say back. Matt's voice is playful, but he means it. He does love me. I've become the honorary sister he never wanted. Or at least that's how I see myself. I hope he sees me the same way.

The lights flash, and Logan looks back over his shoulder. His brothers do that to get his attention when he's not looking. "What?" Logan asks. He hoists me higher.

Paul points toward the drawer full of condoms and arches his brow. It's a house full of men, and they have a kitchen drawer full of condoms. It works for them, but heat creeps up my face when Paul points out that Logan needs to get one.

"Be right back," Logan says.

He carries me into the bedroom and pulls back the covers. "I need to go talk to Paul," he says. He bends down with the intention of kissing me.

"To talk about condoms?" I ask.

He grins. "Among other things."

"What other things?"

He shrugs. "I don't know. But he has that look on his face like he needs to talk to me." His lips brush mine quickly. "Be right back."

He walks out the door, and I can't be angry that Paul is trying to keep Logan safe. It's what he does.

Logan

I'm pissed that Paul made Emily feel uncomfortable, but I try not to let it show as I walk into the living room to find him. He's sitting on one sofa and Matt's on the other. "I don't need a condom," I blurt out.

Paul's brow lifts. "What the fuck?" he says. He shakes his head. "Go get a condom. Don't be stupid."

"I'm not stupid," I say. I'm not. I'm really not. Am I?

Matt heaves a sigh. "You should ask why he thinks he doesn't need one," he says. He shakes his head like we're both the worst kind of stupid.

"Why do you feel the need to pry?" I ask. I'm twenty-one f**king years old. I'm not a child.

"That's what I do," Paul warns. He pats his chest. "I f**king care about you, doofus."

Matt coughs into his fist. "So, why don't you need a condom?" he asks gently. He holds up a hand to stop Paul's upcoming tirade. "I'm sure there's a good reason."

I scrub a hand down my face. She wouldn't like me discussing this with them, but they're not going to shut up about it until I explain. "She's on the pill," I hiss.

Paul laughs and points toward his bedroom. He put Hayley to bed when she fell asleep, a few minutes after the movie started. "So was Hayley's mom. And look where that got us." I open my mouth to speak, and he holds up a hand to stop me. "I love that little girl more than anything, and I don't regret one thing about the way she got here, but the pill is about ninety-four percent effective, dumbass." He throws a pillow at me.

"I'm going to marry her," I say. It's like I have diarrhea of the mouth.

"You better," Matt murmurs.

"I will!" I shove him in the shoulder. "I have to win her father over first, and then I'm going to marry her." So there.

"Does she want kids?" Matt asks. He would ask the difficult questions.

"She's afraid she won't be a good mother," I admit. "But she's wrong."

"What's she afraid of?" Paul asks.

I can't tell them about her not being able to read well. Her dyslexia makes it really difficult for her, and she has trouble even with simple sentences. "She just has some fears is all." It's not my secret to tell. Even to them.

Paul is like a dog with a bone. "You want to finish college, right?" he asks.

I want a cigarette. I quit smoking when Matt was sick with cancer, but I still want one at times like these.

I nod.

"Then go get a f**king condom." His eyebrows draw together sternly. "Fuck. You've been doing it without one."

I bite back a growl. "She's on the f**king pill. Quit being such a dick."

"If you don't use one, you have about ninety-four percent chance of finishing college. A ninety-four percent chance of getting a good job that will impress her father and keep her comfortable. A ninety-four percent chance of not getting her f**king pregnant!"

"Ninety-four percent is worst-case scenario." I am a rational adult. Right?

Paul growls and yanks at his short hair. "Listen to me," he says, leaning forward. "I know you love her, and, hell, I love her too. And Matt would throw you off a bridge if he thought he could have her." Paul chuckles and a grin he doesn't want tips his lips.

"Ew," Matt complains. "I don't like her like that." He points a finger in my face. "But I will throw you off a bridge if you hurt her."

I shove his hand out of my face. "I wouldn't hurt her for anything." I clutch my fist to my chest. "I felt like part of me was missing when she was gone." I shake my head. "I swear to God, I am not sure I could live without her."

I look toward my bedroom, and my world settles knowing she's in there waiting for me.

"You're not going to listen to me, are you?" Paul asks.

I see my door open, and Emily stalks out. She's wearing my shirt, and it comes down to her knees. She stomps into the kitchen, and I see her lips moving, but I can't catch a word. She goes to the drawer, takes a handful of condoms and carries them back to the room, mumbling to herself the whole way. When she gets to the door, she holds them out like a prize and says, "Do you think this is enough?" Then she goes into the bedroom and slams the door behind her.

"Well, I'll be damned," Paul says. He drops back heavily against the couch. "I didn't mean for her to hear me. "Why is that she always hears me when I don't want her to hear me? Fuck," he breathes.

Matt's doubled over with laughter. "That was the funniest thing I've ever seen." He points at Paul. "She's so pissed." He shoves my shoulder. "You'll be lucky if you get laid at all." He laughs like hell. I can't figure out what's so funny. They probably just ruined my night.

"You are not amusing," I say. But a grin tugs at my lips, too. Damn, she was pissed. But she just solved my problem. "Now we have condoms. A lifetime supply. Are you happy?"

Paul snaps at me, "I would be happy if you'd use them." His face softens. "I am just trying to take care of you. I would do the same thing for Sam or Pete or Matt."

Matt nods dramatically at me. "We're all subject to the condom talk. He brought one to me in bed one time when he realized he didn't see me go to the drawer."

"And thank God for that," Paul bites out. "Because if you'd gotten April pregnant, where would you be now?"

Matt sobers. "I'd be a f**king father. Which is something I'll never be." He lumbers to his feet. "I'm going to bed now," he says. I can feel the weight of his heavy sigh as it settles around the room.

"Damn, now you make me wish I'd let you get her pregnant," Paul says.

Sometimes we forget how Matt's life has changed. He may never get to have kids. He may not even get to have a life. His future's undecided. But then, none of us have a predetermined life span. His is just more precarious.

Paul grabs the tail of Matt's shirt. "I'm sorry," he says when Matt looks back.

Matt squeezes his shoulder and grins. "Why? Did you give me cancer? No. Cancer is the only one I blame." He grins at me. "Now go get Emily pregnant, Logan. Hurry the hell up." He slaps his hands together. "Chop, chop."

"You sorry f**ker," Paul says. "If I didn't love your sorry ass so much, I'd have to hate you."

Matt looks down at his watch. "Time's a wasting," he warns.

I laugh. I can't help it. The look on Paul's face is priceless.

Paul swipes a hand down his face again. "Just be careful," he says. "Be careful." He shakes his head like he has more to say but now he's talked out.

I lean over and bump fists with him. "Thank you," I say. "I love you."

"Yeah, yeah," Paul says, swiping his hand through the air as though he wants to erase our conversation. He looks defeated, and I don't want him to feel that way. Matt closes the door to his room, and I sit down across from Paul.

"I've never felt like this before," I say.

"I know," he admits. "That's what worries me."

"She's the one for me."

"I know." He's quiet, contemplative.

"I'm afraid," I blurt out.

"Of her?"

"Fuck no. Not of her." I point toward my room. "Did you see what she looks like now? Her f**king earrings cost more than our yearly rent."

"All the more reason to use a condom. Finish school so you can get a good job that will support her." He sighs heavily. "I'm preaching to the choir." He throws his hands up.

"We've had so much between us since we met," I say. I don't want to talk about it with him. I'll talk about it with her. "I can't explain it."

"I get it." He grabs my knee and squeezes it. "I understand. You finally got her back."

"She'll probably make me use one just for sheer meanness when I go back in there. Do you think she's pissed?" I look anxiously toward the door.

Paul just laughs.

"Her father doesn't like me."

"He doesn't know you yet."

"He knows I'm deaf and that I'm all tatted up." I look down at my arms. Every single tattoo means something to me. I wouldn't erase them if I could.

Paul shrugs. "And neither of those things makes you bad for his daughter." He quirks an eyebrow at me. "Getting her pregnant, on the other hand..." He lets his thoughts trail off.

"He brought her ex-boyfriend to New York to live with her. That's why she's here at our apartment."

Paul purses his lips like he's whistling. "Sorry," he says, when he remembers I can't hear whatever noise he's making. "That's shit."

"She refused to stay there."

"Good girl," he says with a smile. "I knew I liked her."

"Her father is going to be a problem."

"Win him over, dumbass," he says. "You're smart. You want to succeed. You're talented as hell. And you love his daughter. He'll get over the tats and you not being able to hear." He motions absently toward his ears. I've been deaf so long that my family doesn't see it as a handicap. Neither do I.

I push to my feet. "I'm going to bed." Paul arches his brow at me. "None of your f**king business," I grouse. But I rub his head as I walk by, and he shoves my hip to get me away from him. "Love you, dumbass," I say.

"Love you better," he replies. It makes me smile.

I still have a grin on my lips when I open my bedroom door a crack and stick my head in. I am prepared to retreat if a shoe or a lamp flies in my direction. But the only thing I see is Emily sitting on my bed with her guitar across her lap. Her fingers absently strum the strings, and she twists the tabs at the top of the guitar. I have no idea what they're called or what she's doing, but she is obviously absorbed in her task.

She looks up when I step up to the edge of the bed, and a smile hovers over her lips. "I missed my guitar," she says.

She left her guitar with me when she went back home three months ago. "It missed you too," I say.

I sit down on the edge of the bed and take her in. Her hair is shoved back behind her ears, and her legs are splayed open. I can see the strip of her pink panties between her legs, and I lick my lips. I lean forward and pull her toward me, my hand cupping the back of her neck. I kiss her quickly. "Sorry about Paul," I say.

She shrugs. "He cares about you. I think it's kind of sweet." Her face puckers. "Intrusive," she says. "But still sweet."

"I'll tell him tomorrow that you called him sweet. He was worried you'd be angry at him." There was a time before she left when she walked up behind him just as he told me I should f**k her and get it over with. And now this mistake.

I take off my jeans, lie down on the bed on my side facing her, and prop my head on my upturned hand, my elbow pointed toward the wall. "What were you playing?" I ask.

"Nothing yet," she says with a smile. "I can take requests."

I shake my head. This is one area where I can't bond with her. "I don't know anything at all about music," I say. "Sorry." I know it's important to her. Kind of like a mainstay in her life.

"You can't hear this at all?" she asks. Her fingers strum across the strings again. "That?"

I shake my head. I wish I could hear it, but I can't.

"Can you hear any music?" She's curious. I like that.

I nod. "I can hear the rock bands at the club. Or rather, I can feel the beat and the rhythm of the song when rock and roll is playing."

"Can you dance?"

I roll my eyes. "Can I dance? You have to be kidding me." I motion to my body. "I have rhythm."

Her face colors. That's not quite the rhythm I meant, but I'll take it. "Someone is thinking naughty thoughts," I tease.

I reach for her toe, but she jerks it back before I can tug on it. "I'm sorry I can't enjoy your music," I confess. "There's nothing I would like more than to hear you play. I want to experience everything that makes you happy." I shake my head. I don't usually feel left out of anything, but I do now.

She sets her guitar on the floor. "Thanks for hanging onto my guitar for me," she says, leaning toward me. She gets up on her hands and knees and crawls over.

"Why did you leave it?" I ask as she rolls herself into my arms.

"I knew I'd be back. I just didn't know when," she says. "I wanted to be sure you knew, too."

"I knew. The minute you made your big announcement on TV, I knew." When she went back home, there was a press conference and everything. She announced that she would be coming back to New York. Back to me.

I slide my hand under her shirt to rest on her waist, and I draw little circles above her panties. I lift her arm and kiss my way up her tattoo that has my name in it. "The tattoo helped."

"You can thank Paul for that," she says, giggling as I tickle her lightly across her stomach. I slide my hand into the edge of her panties, and she stills in my arms. "This okay?" I ask.

She nods, drawing her lower lip between her teeth. "You want to try out one of those cherry-flavored condoms?" she asks.

"I don't particularly care if my junk smells like pie," I say. She laughs.

I hook my fingers in the sides of her panties and pull them down her legs slowly. Her exhale brushes against my forehead as she lets out a deep breath. She kicks her feet when I get to her ankles, and her panties go flying.

I inch her shirt up her belly, placing quick kisses to all the skin I uncover. Her belly quivers when I lick the underside of her breast. With a quick jerk, she reaches down and pulls the shirt over her head. She's nak*d. Completely, delightfully, wonderfully nak*d.

"Damn, that's pretty," I say. She giggles, and her stomach ripples.

Her n**ples are rosy and tight and reaching for my mouth, so I don't hesitate to lick across one of the turgid peaks. I spread her legs and settle between her thighs. She taps me on the shoulder, and I look up at her, not breaking the seal my mouth has on her nipple. Her lips fall open, and I imagine a sound comes out but I have no idea what it is. I raise my brows in silent question, wondering why she tapped me.

Emily grabs my shirt at the back and pulls it over my head. I lift my face from her breast long enough to help her. She likes my body art, and her hands tickle across my shoulders as she explores my tattoos with her fingertips.

Her hands trail down my chest, and she rolls the bars that pierce through my n**ples. I bury my head in her shoulder and breathe against her skin. I just had her last night, but I need her again. And again and again. I suspect that I will never tire of her.

Her hands slide down my sides, and she shoves my boxers down over my hips. Her greedy little palm wraps around my dick, and I'm immediately fighting the urge to come. I pull my h*ps back in warning. She lets me go but not without a pout. I pull that lower lips of hers into my mouth and slide my tongue across it, nipping her gently. Her breaths are broken, and her legs open even wider so I can press my dick against her wetness. She rocks her hips.

"Not yet," I chide.

She groans, the rumble of it moving from her chest and into mine. I slide my fingers into her wetness, parting her lower lips so that I can pull forward some of the slickness that is her desire for me. I circle her clit, and she arches against my hand. Her fingers tangle in my hair, and she pulls it until I look at her. "Now," she pleads.

I've been with a lot of women, but I've never been with one who works so hard to communicate with me. She knows I can't hear her cries or moans or even startled gasps, but I never feel disconnected from her.

"Do you want me to use a condom?" I ask, lifting my lips from hers long enough to watch her face.

She shakes her head.

"You sure?"

Her eyes meet mine. "If you need one, I'm fine with that. But don't do it for me."

I grin. Thank God. I've never felt this way before, and I don't care to have anything between us.

Emily shoves my shoulder, rolls me onto my back, and climbs up to straddle me, her legs spread on top of me. She rocks her hips, sliding back and forth along the ridge of my dick. Her desire sucks at me, and I can't wait any longer. I reach down and lift my dick so I can slide inside her. She sinks on me, slowly taking me inside. She's so f**king tight that I can barely breathe, much less move. But she's so, so, so very wet, and after she rises and falls on me twice, my way is clear. I take her h*ps in my hands and speed her up a little, but she shakes her finger in my face and scolds me. I reach above me and hook my hands beneath my head. It's the only f**king way I can keep from taking over. I need her so bad. I look up at her, arching my h*ps to meet her every fall and retreat.

Emily balances on my chest, her hands flat, as she rolls my piercings with her thumbs. Her lower lip draws between her teeth, and she bites down. Her brown eyes meet mine, and she mouths the words I love you.

Her movements begin to break and falter, and her pace becomes less rhythmic. She tosses her head back, her hair falling over her shoulders. I pull her down to me, changing her angle so that my pubic bone will rub her clit. She cries out, if the hot, wicked little breaths striking my chin are any indication. She's so f**king wet, and that velvet glove that is her pulls at me. I'm going to come before she does.

I reach down and strum my thumb across her clit, and she leans back ever so slightly to give me access. She smiles, and she speeds up. I watch her face as her eyes close. Her legs begin to shake, but she doesn't stop. She rides me, her br**sts bouncing, their perfect roundness calling to me. I tug her nipple with my free hand, elongating it with rough pulls.

Emily leans forward, balancing her weight on the palms of her hands, and then she begins to quake. She comes, trembling on top of me. I don't stop strumming her clit. I work it, watching her face as she rides out the storm. It's not until she pulls my hand away from her, shaking her head in admonition. She's sensitive since she just came. She makes me move my hand back, but she doesn't stop moving above me. I take her h*ps in my hands and speed her movements, pushing hard into her every time she falls. With a quick tug, I pull her against my chest and spin her over, my arm behind her back. Now she's below me, and I'm in charge.

I push in and out, and she pulls my head down, her hands tangling in my hair as she kisses me. It's passionate and sweet and so full of want that I can't hold off any longer. Her legs wrap around my waist, changing the angle ever so slightly, and I see the look in her eyes. She reaching for a second orgasm, and damn it, I'm going to give it to her.

I bite back my own need to come, and I push her legs toward her chest. Her bottom rises, and I can take every inch of her in this position. Her head thrashes back and forth on the pillow and, it's not until I feel her orgasm wreck her that I let her legs fall and come inside her. I move in her, grunting as she takes me, letting me finish, letting me make us one, letting me have all that she is.

I still on top of her and start to roll to the side, but her arms wrap around me and hold me close. I rest on my elbows, so f**king spent that I can barely move. I lean more heavily onto her and brush her hair back from her face. She's sweaty and beautiful and mine.

She complains when I move, trying to clutch me closer to her, but I just need to pull the covers back. Then I move her up to the head of the bed and slide in beside her. I cover us both and wrap my arms around her. She reaches over and turns off the lamp. I have a night-light on so that we can have pillow talk, and she doesn't seem to mind it. She's facing me so I can see her lips.

"Should we talk about the condom thing?" I ask.

She blinks those pretty brown eyes at me. "I'm on the pill. I think we're okay."

I kiss her shoulder. "And if we're not?"

"Then we still will be." She grins at me.

Yes, we will be.

Emily

I wake Logan by placing quick kisses across his nak*d chest. He sleeps like the dead, since he can't hear. Nothing usually wakes him, but apparently this does. The sheet tents quickly, prompted by the length of his manhood, even before his eyes blink open.

His arm wraps around my nak*d back, and his blue eyes meet mine. "Morning," he says, looking down at me. "Why are you so bright-eyed and bushy-tailed this early?" he asks. He props a hand beneath his head so he can look down at my face.

"I can assure you there's nothing bushy about my tail." I took care of that with a day at the spa before I came back to New York. I laugh when he chuckles and growls, rolling me beneath him. He tosses the covers over his head and inches down my body.

"What are you doing?" I ask. I quickly realize he can't hear me, and I tap his shoulder. He tosses the covers back and looks up. "What are you doing?" I ask again.

"I didn't get to see enough of your non-bushy tail last night." He grins and opens me up with his fingertips, looking down at the most private part of me while he licks his lips. "Not bushy at all," he says. "Kind of wet, though." He slides a finger inside me. "Really, really wet." Another finger joins the first, and he scissors them apart.

His lips rest right above where the triangle of private hair would be if I hadn't just had a wax, and he kisses me softly. I squirm because what he's doing feels really good, but I'm also mortified by the intimacy of his actions. He acts like my body has been his since the beginning of time. Like there's no thought of indecency or embarrassment between us. I like it. I like it a lot. I can imagine him having this same intimacy and more with my body when we're both old and gray. When we're helping one another shower rather than hav**g s*x in the shower. When we're bedridden instead of lying in bed making one another sweat. I can already imagine it. And I love it.

Yes, it frightens me sometimes. What sane woman wouldn't be scared to death of a man who can make her feel the way Logan makes me feel? No one.

I love this man. I love every part of him. And he apparently loves every part of me if his questing fingers and his foolish grin are any indication.

I tap his shoulder. "You're going to have to let me up."

His eyebrows draw together. "Why?" He parts my lower lips and blows across the center of me, and my feet arch of their own volition.

A blush creeps up my face. It's absolutely absurd to be embarrassed when his fingers are inside me, but I really have to pee. "I need to go to the bathroom."

He grins and flips me over. I think he's helping me get up, but he's not. He climbs on top of me and straddles my thighs. He brushes my hair to the side and kisses my neck. He spreads the cheeks of my ass, and I feel the head of his dick probing my wetness. "Let's try this while you have to pee," he says. I'm mortified at the very thought of it. "You might come harder." He pushes himself fully inside of me. I want to protest, but he feels too good, filling me with his length.

He can't see my mouth in this position, but he can see my hands. If I come any harder than I did last night, you might have to call for a doctor to restart my heart.

He chuckles. I love him so much. He starts to move inside me, and I swear he's hitting a spot that's never been touched before. "Do you still have to pee?" he asks.

I shake my head. I don't have to pee at all. Logan rocks my hip so he can slide his hand beneath me, and he bumps my clit, then flattens me over his forearm. I lift my bottom so he can move his fingers, pushing back toward him as he rides me slowly, pushing in and pulling out as he rubs my cl*t in small, tight, delicious circles.

"Have you ever used a vibrator?" he asks. His breaths are heavy in my ear and his arm is trembling by my shoulder, but he keeps up his lazy thrusts. "Have you?" he asks.

I shake my head.

"Your cl*t is so sensitive," he says, his voice like melted butter, smooth and slick. "I think you'd like one." He rubs me so slowly, and I can't bite back my groan. He smiles against my shoulder. "Would you let me use one with you if I bought it?"

I'd let him do just about anything right now as long as he keeps doing what he's doing. I don't respond.

"I think you'd love it. You'd get off so fast. Even faster than normal." His fingers are practically wicked, and his h*ps continue to pump, shoving him in and out of me so slowly. I push my bottom back, and he takes even more of me. I try to speed him up, because I want to come so badly. But he's so slow and methodical. His fingers on my cl*t move quicker. He knows what I want, and he gives it to me. "So sensitive," he says.

I break with a muffled cry, my face pressed into the sheets to keep myself from screaming, and he continues to rub my clit, milking every last shiver and shake of pleasure from my body. He stills inside me as I come.

"God, I love the way you squeeze me so tightly when you come," he says. His words make me crazy, and he knows it. I shiver and collapse against the bed. I'm spent.

Having to pee didn't make me come harder, I sign. Just for the record.

"It doesn't improve that kind of orgasm," he says, and I feel his rumbly chuckle against my back. "It makes this kind better." He shoves my right leg forward, pushing it out to the side and up. Then he spreads my ass cheeks and starts to move.

My breath leaves my body. I can't think. I can't breathe. I can't do anything but hold on tightly to the sheets as I arch my back, giving him every single inch of me, and I take everything he has to give me. I've never felt like this, never had this kind of stimulation. He's not even touching my clit, and he's making me crazy. He's rubbing some part of me inside that I didn't know existed.

His heavy grunts in my ear tell me he's close. But I'm closer. This orgasm isn't like the last one. It's completely different, and it's more intense than anything I've ever experienced. "Come with me," he growls. He grows bigger inside me, if that's even possible, and he doesn't stop. He doesn't stop until I fling my head back, coming around him. This one is a warm wash of pure pleasure, nothing like the shaking, quaking clitoral orgasm from before. He grunts and says my name over and over as he comes, and I stretch out across the sheets. I can't move. I can't think. I can't talk. He pulls out of me, quivering as he does so, and he falls down beside me. His breaths are harsh, and he's struggling to compose himself as much as I am.

"Do you still need to pee?" he asks with a chuckle.

"I might if I could move," I say. He tweaks my nose and laughs. It's a throaty sound, and it makes me so happy to hear it. "Where did you learn that?" I ask. I realize my mistake as soon as I make it.

He shrugs and avoids my gaze. I reach for him, making myself come out of my post-coital stupor, and I climb up on his chest, elbowing him so that he winces and I can take his mind off my mistake. I don't want him to feel guilty for his past. I can't change it. And right now, I'm damn glad he has one because I've never had an experience like that. Just think what I was missing.

"You have pointy elbows," he says, pulling my arms to my sides so I fall flat on his chest. I stick my chin into him and laugh. "And your chin, too." He tousles my hair playfully. "Death by elbow impalement," he says. He has dismissed my earlier moment of insanity with my stupid question. Good.

"Sorry I was being nosy," I say quietly.

"You can ask me anything you want," he says. He looks into my eyes. "But you can't get mad at me when I give you the answers." He arches a blond eyebrow. "Do you really want to know where I learned that?"

I push off of him. "No."

He chuckles. "Wait," he says, pulling me back on top of him. "I learned it from a men's health magazine, silly." He laughs. "I wasn't even sure it would work." His laughter rumbles around the room. It's such a welcome sound. He looks down his nose at me. "Did it work?"

"Oh, heck yeah," I breathe. It worked.

He kisses me. "Good."

Logan

I follow Emily into her apartment and stop short when I see Trip lying on her sofa in nothing more than a pair of boxers. He has one hand stuck in the waistband of his underwear and the other is behind his head. He's completely oblivious to the fact that we're there. What the fuck, I sign.

He didn't know we were coming.

I don't give a f**k if he knew we were coming or not. He doesn't live here. And he doesn't live alone. This is shit.

"Trip," Emily calls. She picks up a couch pillow and throws it at his head. "Put some clothes on."

He sits up. "Oh," he says, his smile bright. Then he sees me behind her. His smile falters. "Good morning." He nods at me and gives me a tight, fake grin. "Logan," he says.

"Trip," I say with a nod. Emily walks toward the kitchen. He calls to her retreating back. "A courier came a few hours ago with some clothes. I put them on your bed."

Her head shoots around the corner. "My room is off-limits," she says sharply. Trip grins. I want to punch his f**king face.

"It's not like I've never been in your room before," he says. He's still grinning, and this time, I start toward him.

Emily rushes across the room and stops me by putting her hands on my chest. "Let's go see what my mom sent."

I look down at her. I'll go with her as soon as I deal with Trip. "You go ahead. I'll be there in just a minute." I nudge her shoulder toward her room.

"Logan," she says. Stop it.

Stop what? I go and sit down on the couch beside Trip, cross my foot over my knee, and raise my arms to the back of the couch. "You go shower. I'll catch up with you in a minute."

Emily stomps her foot, and I smile at her. I'm not moving. Not until I tell Trip a few things he needs to know. You may as well go ahead. Trip and I need to talk.

"That thing you two do is rather rude," Trip says snidely, looking from one of us to the other.

"You mean talking?" I ask. I smile at him. To Emily, I sign, Go ahead. I won't hurt him. I promise.

You swear it?

I draw an x over the center of my chest. She rolls her eyes and goes into her bedroom.

"It's still just as rude now as it was a moment ago," he says. I imagine he grumbles it, but I really can't tell. He's looking at the TV and not at me, but I can still see his lips.

"What's rude is bringing my girlfriend home and finding her ex-boyfriend in her apartment wearing nothing but his boxers." I smile at him. I work to look relaxed, but I'm not.

"She was my girlfriend first," he says. He reminds me of Hayley when she's really tired and doesn't get her way.

"I'm pretty sure that ship has sailed." I grit my teeth.

He shrugs. "Never know. That ship might come around again."

"You're totally f**king up the Bro Code, dude," I say.

"Bro Code?" he asks. "We'd have to be Bros"-he draws quotes in the air-"for that to be a concern, wouldn't we?"

I nudge his shoulder with mine playfully...and forcefully. "Oh, we're Bro's. You just don't know it yet. I can be your best friend or I can be your worst enemy. But I can't be your best friend while you're living with my girl. Or while you're in your boxers." I look down at the offending item. "Put some f**king clothes on when you're outside your room," I growl.

Shit. I was trying to stay so calm. I fail. Game over.

He bites his lower lip as though he's laboring over something snarky to say. "See, Logan, that's just it. This is my apartment right now. So I can walk around dressed any way I like."

"Well, in that case," I start. I get up, stretching broadly. "Emily and I will just have to stay in her room for a bit. Until you can decide to put some clothes on." I pat his nak*d knee and flash a conspiratorial grin. "There wasn't a TV in her room the last time I spent the night there." His grin falters. "But I'm sure we can find something to occupy the time." I wink at him. "Bet you f**king wish you were me right now. One-so you don't have to hear me with Emily." I point to my ears, reminding him I'm deaf. "And two-so you could be alone with her in her room. Naked." I make a tsk, tsk, tsk with my mouth. "Of course, if you were dressed, we would be able to hang out here with you."

He gets up and stomps toward his room. A minute later, he comes back wearing lounge pants and a T-shirt.

"Thank you," I say.

"You're not welcome," he replies. He sits up and looks at me over the back of the couch. "You know I had her first, right?" he says.

"I know you f**ked it up by insulting her." I cross my arms in front of my chest. The idea of him calling Emily stupid makes me want to body slam him.

His shoulders shake as he laughs. "Is that what she told you?" He starts to flip channels on the TV.

He's baiting me, but I can't stop. "Only a royal dumbass would try to hurt a girl like her," I say.

He gets up and walks toward the kitchen. He pats my chest as he walks by me. "Just remember, Bro." He gets in my face, and his lips move slowly. "I popped her f**king cherry."

He must see the anger in my face because he suddenly backs up.

But he knows he has me at this point. He has insulted Emily by talking about intimate matters that never should have left the bedroom. I fight back the urge the punch him.

"Oh, that bothers you, doesn't it?" he asks. "The fact that I've been inside her. I've had her on top of me and under me and with her mouth wrapped around my-"

I shove him so hard that his head hits the wall. I can feel the vibration of it in the floor. "Shut it," I say.

"Why?" He grins. "Are. You. Having. Trouble. Following?" He says it slowly. "I f**ked your girl." He shrugs. "Or you're f**king my girl? I don't know which it is. But I know I don't have to like it. She'll get tired of you, and when she does, I'll be here with her daddy's blessing, waiting to put a ring on her finger."

"It'll never happen," I growl. I want to pound his face into the wall, but I know I can't.

"Wait and see," he says.

"Get your own place to live and stay out of her life, Shit."

He grits his teeth. "It's Trip."

"That's what I said, Shit." I place my fingertips over my mouth. "Oh no!" I cry like a girl. "Did I make a mistake? Sometimes us deaf guys, we can't enunciate properly." I can enunciate just fine, but I choose not to because I've finally pissed him off. "You understand my problem, don't you, Shit?" I grab the front of his shirt and jerk his face close to mine. "If you ever talk about Emily the way you did a minute ago to anybody, including me, I'll wrap your little dick around your throat and tie a f**king knot in it. Do you understand?"

His gaze drops from mine. I think I've finally made my point.

"I think Emily can make her own choices." He adjusts his clothes when I let him go.

"She already did."

I'm talking to his back by this point. His door slams.

I start toward Emily's room. Maybe I can help her get dressed. But just as I'm about to turn the knob, the front door opens and her parents walk in. They may have knocked. I can't be sure. It seems like Shit would have come out if he'd heard a bell or something. Or Emily. They're her parents and they pay for the place, so I guess they can do what they want.

"Logan," her mom says, walking quickly toward me. She's a pure delight, and I'm surprised I like her as much as I do. She hugs me and pats my back. "Where's Emily? Did the clothes I sent fit?" She looks down at what I'm wearing and grimaces. I see that they're dressed really nicely when Mr. Madison helps Mrs. Madison take her coat off. She's wearing pearls and diamonds, and her blue dress probably costs more than a car.

"Emily is getting dressed first," I say, nodding toward the bedroom.

She hurries in that direction and slips into her daughter's room, closing the door behind her.

I stand there starting at Mr. Madison like an idiot. I made an ass of myself the last time I saw him, walking out the way I did. I really want to have a good relationship with him. I stick out my hand, and he reaches for mine, squeezing it tightly as he looks into my eyes.

"Mr. Madison," I begin. I don't know what to say.

"Mr. Reed," he replies. He lets my hand go and stares at me like he's waiting for me to apologize. I wouldn't do that on my f**king deathbed, because I don't think you should apologize for anything unless you're sorry.

"Logan," I say, correcting him.

He just nods.

"Mr. Madison, I wanted to talk with you," I begin. I don't know the right words to say what I want to say.

"Yes, I'd hoped you would."

He sits down in a chair and motions to the couch opposite him. I sit gingerly, not sure of how to proceed. "The last time we spoke..."

"You mean when you walked out and smashed something?" he asks.

I want a cigarette. I can almost feel one between my fingers. "It was just a trash can." It could have been his face if I wasn't such a gentleman. And he wasn't Emily's father.

"That trash can never did you any harm." But he smiles as he says it, and the pressure in my chest eases some.

"Mr. Madison, I feel like I need to explain my intentions toward your daughter."

He raises an eyebrow. "Do go on."

"I love her like crazy, and I'd like to have your permission to marry her." I blink at him. I need to say more and it's on the tip of my tongue, but the words won't come.

"No."

That's all he says. Just no.

"Mr. Madison," I start. "I'd really like to have your blessing."

"My answer is still no, young man." He leans forward putting his elbows on his knees. "Before Emily was born, I dreamed of what my family would be like. I dreamed of a houseful of kids. But she was the only one. We didn't find out until she was in kindergarten that there was something wrong with her." He shakes his head. "I hope you never find out what it's like to have child with the problems Emily has. It was a disappointment to us all."

I sit back. I suddenly can't catch my breath. I would be honored to have a daughter like Emily.

He goes on, shaking his head. "She'll never be a business mogul or a scientist or a doctor. She'll never be able to fulfill any of the dreams we had for her. But she can marry well." He leans over and squeezes my knee like he's sharing a secret with me. "And you, son, do not fit the criteria."

He holds up a hand when I open my mouth, and I close it. I probably look like a fish flopping on dry land.

"You'll run your little tattoo shop and you'll have a shitty apartment and you'll buy your wife a tiny diamond. And you'll be happy with that. But I'll never be happy with that for my daughter. She deserves better."

"Yes," I agree. "She does deserve better." She deserves better than the father she ended up with. She deserves to have a father who can see the f**king beauty and intelligence that's inside her. "She deserves better," I say again.

"I've decided to let her have her fun until it plays out." He leans back and steeples his hands over his belly. "But when all is said and done, I expect her to marry well. And that won't involve you."

"But-" I can't even get out a sentence. I'm so f**king floored.

"No buts," he says. "Emily is having a last fling before she settles down with a nice young man like Trip."

"Trip thinks she's stupid," I say. I don't even realize it until his eyes meet mine. I didn't mean to say it out loud.

He nods. "The boy knows how to call them, but he's willing to overlook it. She'll make a fine wife. She'll pop out a few kids, and she'll be content." He blows through his lips. "She'll put down that damn guitar and live the only life that is befit her, as the wife of someone important."

"I'm sorry, but I disagree, sir."

He snorts. "Of course you do."

I heave a sigh. "I plan to change your mind, sir."

He shakes his head. "Nothing will change my mind. I knew Emily's future the moment I found out she would never be able to read." He shoves to his feet. "No worries. We'll hire nannies who can read to her children. Maybe they won't turn out like her."

I hope to God that every one of her children turns out exactly like her. She's f**king perfect.

"I won't stop trying." I need for him to know my intentions. "I intend to make myself worthy of your daughter. I want to be sure you're aware of my thoughts on the matter, sir."

He looks down at his watch. "Go and get dressed. I won't let you make us late."

I get to my feet. I can't bite it back any longer. "Sir, with all due respect, you're a f**king idiot if you think Emily's stupid or incapable of learning. She's brilliant. She'll have brilliant children and do brilliant things. And she'll do them married to me." His eyes cloud with anger. I have pushed too far, and I don't care. "I would be honored to have her as my wife, exactly as she is."

"That's because you have no drive," he says with a laugh. I'm glad I can't hear it, because I imagine it like nails on a chalkboard. "That's what you learn when you come from nothing. You have no expectations."

I turn and walk toward Emily's room, my heart beating so hard I'm afraid it's going to thump out of my chest. I knock on the door, and Emily opens it. My breath catches. She's wearing an ivory dress that hugs all of her curves, some clunky jewelry that is probably real and costs a f**king fortune, and she now comes up to my chin in her five-inch heels.

Her eyes narrow. "Are you all right?" she asks. She looks over my shoulder toward where her father is sitting. Trip comes out of his room, and he's dressed for the party, wearing a nice suit and black shoes. He has on a tie. Mr. Madison actually looks happy to see him. Me, on the other hand... I may as well be gum stuck to the bottom of his shoe.

"I'm fine. Your father is afraid we'll be late." I step into the room and let her mother sweep me into a dressing frenzy. I try to put Mr. Madison's comments out of my mind because I'm nauseated every time I think about Emily growing up with that man as her example. This is what she knew. It's no f**king wonder she left.

I decide then and there that I will change her life. And I will do it simply by loving her exactly as she is. It's not as though I could keep from doing that anyway.

I close the door behind me, leaving her with her father and her ex-boyfriend. Her mom glares at me from across the room, tapping her toe on the oak floor. "What did he do?" she asks.

"Who?" I ask. I know whom she's referring to, but my problem is with Mr. Madison, not Mrs. Madison.

"You know who." Her foot starts moving faster. "He makes me so angry sometimes." She picks up a shirt and holds it against my chest. "Not that one," she says absently. She replaces it with another. And another. "She is such a smart girl, and he doesn't give her any credit at all." Her eyes fill with tears, and my heart lurches. This woman knows who and what her daughter is. She knows.

"Why do you let him treat her like that?" I ask.

"Oh, he's really good to her when she's in his presence. So she has no idea how much he worries about her or how much planning he does to be sure she has what she needs."

What the fuck? That's what this woman thinks he does? He belittles their daughter to anyone who will listen, and he just told me Emily is stupid, directly to my face. "Rose-colored glasses," I mutter.

"Beg your pardon?" she says, looking up from the stack of clothing. She draws her lower lip between her teeth and worries it. It reminds me so much of Emily.

"Nothing," I say. "Is this the one?" I take the shirt from her when she nods. "How much do I owe you for all of this?" I ask. I won't be beholden to that man.

She looks like I told her I killed her cat. "Owe me?"

"For the clothes?"

"Oh, these are all Madison Avenue," she says. "They're part of a new line of clothing. Emily is wearing them, too. There will be a lot of models ambling about today. You're really doing us a huge favor by going and wearing the clothes. They're made for a younger, hipper audience than anything we've ever done before. We're not sure how it'll take off." She smiles at me and runs a hand across my cheek. She points to the bed. "Trousers, socks, shoes, and two layers of shirts." She grins. "If that's okay with you, of course."

"It's fine," I say.

"Thank you," she says, looking into my eyes.

"I haven't done anything yet." I smile at her because her eyes are filling with tears and I don't want her to cry.

"You have done more than you will ever know." She sniffs and leaves the room.

I fall back on the bed, rubbing my face with my palms. What the f**k am I going to do about Emily's father? I'm going into war with no weapons in my arsenal.

Emily

Something is wrong. I don't know what happened while I was getting dressed but something is definitely wrong. Logan looks like he's biting the inside of his cheek, and my dad looks smug and arrogant. Of course, that's how my dad usually looks, but now it's amplified. Logan closes the bedroom door behind me, and my mom is in there with him.

"Dad," I say. "Is Logan all right?"

My dad shrugs, looking down at his Blackberry. He doesn't look up. "How should I know?"

"Weren't you just talking to him?" I jerk my thumb toward the closed bedroom door. "He looked irritated when he went in my room."

Dad smirks. "I thought that was his general disposition."

"Logan's a nice guy, Dad," I rush to say. I don't know why I care but I do. I care about what he thinks. I want to please him. I just think it's impossible.

Trip motions for me to follow him into the kitchen. I don't want to spend any time with Trip. But he gets up, and I feel compelled to follow him.

When I get to the kitchen, he's leaning against the counter with his arms crossed in front of his chest. "Just how much do you know about Logan?" he asks.

"I know everything I need to know." I don't need to explain our relationship to Trip, of all people.

"He and I had a talk while you were getting ready." His eyes narrow. "Do you want to know what he had to say to me?"

"Not really." I hold up a hand when he starts to talk. "Why are you doing this, Trip?"

He reaches for my elbow and jerk out of his reach. "Em," he says.

"Don't touch me again, Trip," I warn.

Trip's voice gets soft. "We were good together, Em, once upon a time."

"No, we weren't. We were terrible."

His face falls. "Not until the end. We were fine until that night."

I remember that night like it was yesterday, and it still hurts just as much now as it did then.

"Do I get a pass for being drunk when I said it? Can't you forgive me?" He twists a strand of my hair around his finger and tugs it playfully. I brush my hair back over my shoulder.

We had our rehearsal dinner and all of our friends were there:

"Em, do you know what you want?" he asks, dropping an arm around my shoulders. He looks down at me, and I can see by his dilated pupils that he's hit something a little stronger than champagne. I hate it when he's high, but I have to tolerate him. I'm going to marry him tomorrow.

I look up at the waitress, who has her pen waiting to write down my order. "What do you recommend?" I ask. It's the safest way to get away with not reading the menu.

"Just pick something, baby," Trip urges. He flips the menu open and I try to read it, but the letters blur in front of my face. I get tongue-tied because she's waiting and he's waiting and they're all waiting.

I look to Trip's sister. "What did you get?"

"I haven't ordered yet," she says. She peruses the menu for another moment and calls out her order.

I close my menu. "I'll have the same."

Trip flips my menu back open. "Order whatever you want, sweetheart. Come on, you can do it."

I shove his arm from around my shoulders. "I just gave her my order, Trip. Why don't you give her yours?" I smile at him and pat the side of his face. His eyes are red-rimmed and not completely focused.

"Just read the f**king menu, Em. It's not rocket science." He laughs and snorts, and his buddies laugh, too. They don't know about my dyslexia, that reading is hard for me. But he knows.

His sister says, "She already ordered, Trip. Leave her alone."

He points to the menu. "But she should order what she wants. Not what everyone else wants." He looks down at me. "Don't be stupid, Em. Read the f**king menu."

Tears sting the backs of my lashes. "Let me up, Trip," I say, motioning for him to move.

"Why?"

"Because I need to get up." My voice cracks, and I hate that it does. "Move!" I shove him, and he gets up, stumbling back.

"Em, you're being ridiculous," he says. But it's finally clear to him that he's said enough.

I start to tick items off on my fingers. "First, I was stupid. Now I'm ridiculous. Do you want to keep going?" I put my hands on my h*ps and glare at him.

"Em," he says. He shakes his head. "Whatever you ordered is fine." He points to the chair. "I was just trying to help."

I'm shaking, and I can't stop. This isn't the first time this has happened. But it's the first time he's done it in front of other people. I turn to walk out.

"Where are you going?" he calls to my retreating back.

"I'm leaving."

He sits down. I can still hear him, though. "She'll be back in a minute. Sorry, folks. Must be some pre-wedding jitters."

Pre-wedding jitters my ass.

"Penny for your thoughts," he says playfully.

"I was thinking about that night in the restaurant, the night before the wedding," I admit.

"The night I f**ked it all up." He reaches for me and I sidestep.

"Don't touch me," I say.

"Fine," he bites out. "Just talk to me. We never did talk about that night. We never talked about why you left. Is this about you not being able to learn?" He tries to look like he cares, but I still don't think he cares about me at all.

"I can learn." I point a finger at my chest. "I am smart."

"I know you're smart. I'm sorry I ever said otherwise. I know how smart you are."

I turn away from him. "You called me stupid. You did it in front of your friends."

"I was drunk!" he says. He looks over his shoulder and calms himself. "Either way, don't I get a pass for choosing the wrong word?"

"Do I get a pass for being dyslexic?" I ask.

"I put up with your dyslexia for a long time, Em," he says.

"You put up with my dyslexia?" I can't believe he just said that.

"You can't even read a f**king menu, Em. It can get a little frustrating at times." He smiles at me. But it's one of those smiles that don't reach his eyes.

"How do you think it feels being me, Trip? I'm the one who can't read."

"You won't even try!" He points to his chest. "I was there that night too. You wouldn't even look at the menu. You could have at least tried. That's all I wanted you to do."

"Logan never makes me look at the menu," I shoot back. It's terrible to use Logan as an example, but he is the example for all men. He's what they all should be. He's kind and considerate and smart as hell and talented. And he loves me.

"Logan probably can't read one either."

I gasp. "How dare you?"

"He's deaf, Emily," he grinds out. "How much lower can you go?" He shakes his head. "Or is that what you were going for? Someone more on your level?"

What is that supposed to mean? "Logan is everything that you will never, ever be."

"Well, I hope I'm never deaf, all tattooed up, and poor." He blows a breath out through his nose.

"I'm done with this conversation."

He glares at me. "Apparently."

"Find a place to live, Trip. And do it soon."

He nods. "I'll try."

"Try harder."

He nods at me again.

I leave Trip standing in the kitchen. As I'm walking back out to the living room, my bedroom door opens, and Logan steps out. I have to catch my breath at the sight of him. He's wearing black trousers, a black turtleneck, and he has on a royal-blue button-down shirt with long sleeves that's open at the throat. He's not wearing a tie, and he doesn't need one. Goodness, he looks like he just stepped off the cover of a magazine. He has a jacket thrown over his shoulder, hooked by his index finger.

He lifts the edge of his pants for me. "Are these socks too much?" he asks. He has on socks with multi-colored stripes. He grins.

I shake my head. "None of it's too much." I sweep my eyes from his head to his feet and back again. God, he's handsome. "You look amazing."

"I guess I clean up okay, huh?" he asks. He looks unsure of himself.

"Logan, you look fabulous," my mom says. She claps her hands together like she's at the theater.

My dad is looking down at his phone. "Can we leave now?"

Logan helps my mom into her coat and then helps me into mine. He leans down close to my ear as he spins me away from him. "You look good enough to eat."

My heart leaps. So do you, I sign.

His brows arch. Don't talk like that. I'm wearing some silk boxers your mom picked out. He adjusts his pants.

I grin at him. We get in the elevator, and he signs to me from the back. Are you all right? You look upset?

I'm fine. Just told Trip he has to find a place to live.

He rolls his eyes. He already did.

He's working on it.

I'll believe it when I see it.

Henry rushes forward and opens the door for us when we get downstairs. "You look lovely, Miss Madison," he says to me as Trip gets into the limo. I squeeze Henry's hand. He holds the door of the limo, and I slide inside. Logan gets in next to me, and I don't feel at peace until his shoulder touches mine.

You sure you're okay? he asks. He tucks a lock of hair behind my ear, his hands lingering at my temple. I arch into him like a cat and pull his hand down so I can kiss the center of his palm.

I lean my head on his shoulder and nod. I am okay, as long as he's beside me.

Logan

I don't know what happened while I was getting dressed but something did. I can tell it by the way Emily holds herself, as though she's suddenly made of ice and she's bracing for the break of a hammer against her fragile surface. I'm on one side of Emily, and Trip is on the other. His thigh touches hers, and she moves over closer to me, inching away from him. He spreads his legs wider. I lean forward to look at him around her and look down at his leg. He shifts subtly as his chest bellows with a heavy sigh. But he's no longer pressed along her side.

Her parents sit across from us, and her dad is buried in his Blackberry. Her mom watches my subtle exchange with Trip, and she smiles at me. "Have your fall classes started yet, Logan?" she asks.

I take Emily's hand and thread her fingers through mine, our palms facing each other's. "Yes, ma'am. I started a week ago."

"Shouldn't you be at home getting your schoolwork done?" her dad asks suddenly, looking up from his phone.

"No, sir. I already did all my work."

"What's your major?" Mrs. Madison asks.

"I'm double majoring in Art and Advertising," I say.

Emily tugs on my arm as she sits forward in her seat. "You should see some of his art. It's really amazing."

"Do you do paintings, Logan?" her mom asks.

"I use different mediums," I say. "It depends on what fits the situation."

She points to the tattoo on Emily's wrist. "Like that one?"

"Oh, he didn't do this," Emily says. "His oldest brother Paul did this." She strokes her hand down the inside of her forearm. "It was a surprise for Logan."

"How did you two meet?" she asks. She tilts her head to the side. Something tells me that she already knows the story, but her husband has set aside his Blackberry and is listening now.

Emily looks up at me and blinks her pretty brown eyes. "I went into his tattoo shop to get a tattoo." She grins. "And he put the moves on me." She nudges me in the side. "Can I tell them what happened next?" I can feel her laughter against my side.

"She punched me in the face, Mrs. Madison." I reach up and absently stroke across my nose.

"He tried to put the moves on me, and I was angry." She shrugs, but she's still laughing. "I'll never forget the look on his face."

"One minute I think I'm going to get to spend some time with a pretty girl," I say. Emily squeezes my hand when I say "spend some time" because we both know I tried to lay her, just like I used do with every woman I met. "And the next, she breaks my nose."

Emily laughs. She tugs my sleeve until I look down at her. "You never tried that move on anyone else, did you? After that?"

"You cured me of that particular move," I say. I laugh because it's funny now. It wasn't nearly as funny then. It f**king hurt.

"Was it love at first sight?" her mom asks.

I look down into Emily's eyes. I was intrigued by her the moment I saw that tattoo she wanted. There was so much in that drawing that made me want to get to know her. But she wouldn't let me. "It was almost instantaneous for me," I admit.

Trip jabs a finger toward his throat like he wants to make himself throw up, but I think I'm the only one who sees it.

"It took me a little longer," she says. "He and his brothers let me stay with them for a little while."

Her father arches his eyebrows.

Emily rushes on to say, "He slept on the couch and let me have his bedroom."

Her father glares at me. I only slept on the couch for half of that first night. The rest of the time, I spent in bed with her. I didn't have sex with her, though, not until she was willing to open up to me. She had too many secrets in the beginning.

"My family would like to have you over for dinner one night before you leave town. So everyone can meet." I hadn't told Emily that yet, but Paul brought it up. It's a good idea.

"I think that sounds lovely, Logan," Mrs. Madison says.

"Sounds like an interesting night," Mr. Madison adds.

"I got my class schedule nailed down last week," Emily says, changing the subject. Her father huffs, his chest bellowing with air.

"I hope it's not going to be too difficult for you, dear," her mom says. Emily stiffens.

"I'll be fine with it."

"Anything exciting with your music, dear?" her mom asks. At least she tries to look like she cares.

"There's a big show coming up at the end of the week. I have to prepare an original piece to perform." Her brow furrows, and I can tell she's unsure about it.

"Sounds exciting," her mom says with a smile. She tugs on her husband's sleeve. "Doesn't it, darling?"

He shrugs her hand off his arm. "Sounds like a waste of time."

"Emily's a talented musician," I break in. I won't let them put down her art. "You've never even heard her play."

"And you have?" he shoots back.

"I might not be able to hear, but I can see the passion in her eyes and feel the joy in her heart when she's playing, Mr. Madison." I take a deep breath. "The crowd loves her. And she loves music. So, I love to watch her play." I lean down and kiss her forehead. "I'll be at your show, no matter what."

She smiles up at me and lays her head on my arm.

"So will we," her mother declares. I'm not going to hold my breath.

"I hope you'll get this music idea out of your system soon and get back to real life."

I stiffen, squeezing her hand.

"This is real life, Dad," she says. "This is my life. And I'm living it the way I want."

Her mother winks at her. "Let her be, darling," she says sweetly. But there's some steel behind her words, too, if her posture is any indication.

Everyone in the limo stops talking. I look from person to person, just to be sure I'm not missing anything. But no one is saying anything. Emily is looking past me, out the window. And there's a noticeable divide between her parents. Trip is cool and collected. The f**ker.

Emily

Logan is the most handsome man in the whole room. And I'm not just saying that because he's mine. There are a lot of models wearing Madison Avenue clothes, and none of them wear them as well as Logan does. He's just darn handsome.

My dad's new ad campaign is displayed on bulletin boards around the room. Logan stops in front of one and scrunches up his nose.

"You don't like it?" I ask.

He shrugs. "It's fine, I guess."

I tilt my head, trying to see what he sees in the pictures. "What's wrong with it?"

He shrugs again. "Nothing really. I just think it could be better."

Trip claps a hand on his shoulder. "I'll be sure to tell the big guy how much you like his ad campaign." He winks at me. He's such an ass. I can't believe I ever considered marrying him at all.

"Your dad will have one more reason to hate me," he says. He squeezes my hand, though.

One of the models approaches us and lays a hand on Logan's arm. "Would you like to dance with me?" she asks.

He shakes his head and politely declines. Then he adds, "I'm going to dance with my girl." He takes my hand and pulls me out onto the floor. He smiles down at me. "I can't feel the beat to this kind of music."

He looks around at the other couples. I see my dad step onto the floor with the model who approached Logan, and I roll my eyes. Logan takes me in his arms, his hand holding mine. He pulls me close to him, just a breath away, not touching, and my heart starts to flutter. Will I ever get used to being with this man who makes me feel so perfect?

He picks up the rhythm of the music by watching the other dancers. "You're pretty good at this," I say. He just smiles and shrugs. "Mom made us all take dance lessons when we were young. Paul did a year of ballet before he grew enough balls to tell her he wouldn't do it anymore." He chuckles. I'll never enjoy a sound more than that of his laughter.

When we first met, he didn't speak at all. He started talking again for me, and it took him even longer to learn to laugh. Sometimes he can't tell how loud he is, and he doesn't alter his voice well enough for the situation.

This is one of those times.

My dad shoots me a glare. I look up at Logan and just smile.

"What's bothering you?" he asks.

"Not a thing," I say. And it's not. I'd trade my right arm for his voice, if someone told me I had to choose between the two. Hearing his words, his laughter and his thoughts means the world to me.

My dad dances close to us, and suddenly, he's pulling us apart and taking Logan's place. "You don't mind if I cut in, do you?" he asks Logan, but he doesn't look at Logan when he says it.

Logan raises a curious brow at me. I mouth the word sorry to him. He smiles and shakes his head.

My dad abandoned his dancing partner on the floor, and she approaches Logan and holds out her arms. Logan looks down at her for a moment, and I see his chest bellow with a sigh before he takes her hand in his and puts one on her waist. I don't like it. Not at all.

"Stop looking like that, Emily," my dad warns. "The boy is doing fine."

"I'm not worried, Dad," I protest. Well, I kind of am. Logan isn't used to these kinds of parties. There are a lot of people here who make a lot of money.

"Mmm hmm," he hums. He spins me around in a circle, and surprisingly, it makes me laugh. My dad looks happy.... Something is up. I can feel it.

He skirts around the edges of the dance floor until I lose sight of Logan completely. "You can do better, Em," he says. "A lot better."

I grit my teeth together. "Define better, Dad," I toss back. "I highly doubt that I can do better than a man who loves me like crazy, who will care for me and be there for me for the rest of my life."

"He's not our kind, Em," my dad says.

"He's not your kind, Dad," I breathe out on a heavy sigh. "He's most definitely my kind."

"You can do better." He pinches his lips together in a straight line. "Trip is afraid that you think you can't do better than Logan because of your dyslexia."

I stop and step back. "What?" He may as well have kneed me in the gut. Trip said as much to me, but I never expected my dad to even entertain the idea. "I just want what's best for you."

"Then let me be," I say. I step back, and I walk around the edge of the dance floor looking for Logan. I am seething. The crowd parts to get out of my way. Except for Trip. Trip steps up beside me and holds out his arms for a dance.

"No, thank you," I grit out.

"What's wrong?" he asks, as though he's all concerned.

"Nothing." I don't want to talk to Trip.

"You're angry because Logan went outside with that girl?"

My eyes immediately meet his, and then his gaze skitters away. "What girl?" I ask. The girl he was dancing with? "Why would he do that?"

"I don't know, but they were looking pretty chummy." He shrugs and points toward the terrace.

Logan is coming in the door at the same time I'm going out it. He's tucking his shirt into his pants. My heart stops. He brushes the curls from his forehead and blows out a frustrated breath.

"Where have you been?" I ask.

"With Trip's decoy, I'd suspect." He takes my elbow and pulls me toward the terrace, and I can now see that it's empty. She must have gone in the adjoining door. "I can't believe he did that to me." He looks off into space and rocks his head back and forth. "Well, actually, I can. He's Trip, after all."

"Did what?" I'm so confused.

"She said she was feeling sick and needed some air. And that she was so lightheaded she couldn't walk by herself. So I brought her out here. Then her illness turned into octopus hands." He gropes at me frantically, imitating her movements. His eyes narrow at me. "Did Trip send you out here?"

He did actually. "What difference does that make?"

"That sorry f**ker tried to set me up," he growls. He smacks his hand against the wall. "I'm going to kill that little dicksmack."

I lay a hand on his chest, and he closes his eyes. "She put the moves on you?" I ask.

"If you call those moves," he says. He covers my hand with his, and I can feel the steady beat of his heart. "It was more like she wanted to drop and suck my dick. It was all I could do to get away from her."

I cover my mouth. It's not funny. It's really not. But a laugh bubbles through. He looks so discouraged. He balls his hands into a fist. "I'm sorry," I say, when his eyes narrow at me.

"You think this is funny," he says, and he steps toward me, forcing me to take a step back. My back touches the wall, and his hands land on each side of my head, boxing me in. "You find it amusing, do you?" But his voice has gentled, and he nuzzles his lips against my neck.

"Well, the look on your face was pretty priceless," I say. He finally grins.

"The look that said I needed to get the f**k out of there?" He kisses me softly and tenderly, and I realize he has a smudge of lipstick on his cheek. I wipe it away with my thumb.

"Did she kiss you?" I ask.

"It was more like I had to play 'Dodge the Kisses,'" he says. "She was determined to get lipstick on me."

I wipe at a smudge that's on his neck. This should make me angry. They'd hoped to make me angry at Logan. But I'm really just sad. It hurts me that they would try such a thing on such a good man. "I'm sorry," I say as I place my head on his chest again. He takes a deep breath, and I can feel the tension drain from him.

My mom pokes her head out onto the terrace, her gaze worried. "There you are," she says. "It's time for dinner."

"Do you want to go home?" I ask Logan. I wouldn't blame him if he did.

He arches an incredulous eyebrow. "And let them win? Fuck no. Have you lost your mind?"

He takes my hand and pulls me toward the family table. Both Dad and Trip look sheepish, and Mom looks lost.

"Nice try," I say beneath my breath.

"Em," Trip says.

"We'll discuss it another time," I say to cut him off.

Trip nods. I'm afraid I've just given him hope where there is none-and never will be any.

Logan

I can't believe they f**king did that. Of all the lowdown, dirty, underhanded tricks to play... I pull out a chair for Emily so she can sit down and scooch her closer to the table. I sit down beside her. The waiter brings us a modified menu and leaves them in front of us. The dinner has limited choices.

Trip opens his mouth and starts to read the menu out loud.

"Stop it," Emily snaps.

Trip looks up, his mouth still open, paused on a word. "I was just trying to help. I know how much you hate menus."

I want to punch him in the f**king face.

"I'll be fine," Emily says. She leans over my shoulder and looks down at my menu. "What are you having?" she asks, smiling at me. I know she's not reading the menu. She never does. She wouldn't, particularly with all these people watching. She keeps her dyslexia a closely guarded secret. And she will refuse to show weakness, even at a table full of people who already know.

"I'm trying to decide between the chicken, beef, and fish," I say, giving her an out.

"Which one of the chicken dishes appeals to you?" she asks.

She wants chicken. Okay. Let's go for clue number two. "Chicken parmesan."

Her face lights up. "Ooh, I'll have that, too," she coos.

"I think I'm going to have the filet," I say to the waiter. "Medium."

"I thought you wanted chicken," she says.

I shake my head. I just wanted to be sure she had her choice of chicken. She understands immediately, and my heart warms at the genuine happiness on her face. It's so f**king easy to make this woman happy. So easy. Anyone with a heart and half a brain could do it. But I'm lucky because she picked me.

Trip snarls at us from the other side of the table. He looks pretty unhappy. "Who was the blonde, Logan?" he asks. "You two looked pretty good together."

I take a sip of my water. "You tell me, Trip," I say.

"How should I know?" he asks. "I think she's one of the models. Definitely not someone I'd hang out with."

"Why not?" Emily asks, her smile sweet. "She doesn't make enough money?"

I bite back a laugh. Dinner arrives, and it's really difficult to read lips when people are eating, so I miss parts of the conversation. Dessert comes next, and I can catch more as the forks and the cups slow down.

"Emily," her dad says. "The congressman and his son are here. I'd like for you to go and meet them." He stands up and holds out his hand.

She takes it, looking over her shoulder. I sign the word fine at her really quickly and nod. She can go; I'll be all right.

Mrs. Madison is talking to a woman on her right, and Trip is glaring at me. So, I take out the notepad that's always in my pocket, pull the nub of a pencil from the spirals at the top, and start to sketch. Mr. Madison has a tricky problem within his ad campaign, and I can solve it, so I want to get it down on paper. He may never use it, but if he does, it may score me some points with him. I doubt it. But maybe.

I put my ideas on paper, sketching words and scenes that might be a commercial or print advertising. I'm totally engrossed in my ideas when Emily returns. She sits down beside me and says, "I'm back."

"My world is now complete," I respond.

She rolls her eyes and leans over to kiss me quickly. "That was cheesy," she says.

I shrug. I don't care. It's true.

"What are you doing?" she asks, looking down at my sketch.

"Doodling," I say, grinning at her. She snags the notepad and flips through the pages.

"These are really good," she says. She looks up at me, her brown eyes wide. "I mean, really, really good." She passes my pad back to me, and I shake my head.

"Probably not worth the effort," I say.

She heaves a sigh. "Probably not."

I lay my pad on the table and stand up. "Come and dance with me," I say. I pull her into my arms and spin her around the dance floor. She's breathless when we come back.

I look around for my sketch pad. "Hmm," I say. "It's gone."

"What's gone?" she asks, her cheeks rosy and her breaths quickened.

"My notepad."

She worries her lower lip. "Maybe one of the servers picked it up by accident?" she suggests. "Do you want me to ask?"

I shake my head. "It was just a notepad." I have a lot of them, and they end up scattered all over the house. But as a deaf man, you never know when you might need one.

She looks at me shyly and says, "Can we go and dance some more?"

I'd do just about anything for her. So, we go and dance the rest of the night away.

Emily

It's more than a little awkward when my dad's limo pulls up in front of Logan's apartment building to drop him off. He looks at me like he wants to take me with him, and I want to go. But my dad is in the car, and I know he won't like it. I nudge Logan's leg, and he reaches over, offering his had to my dad.

"Thank you for the wonderful evening, Mr. Madison," he says. He smiles at my mom. "And Mrs. Madison."

Begrudgingly, my dad takes his hand. Logan looks down at me one more time, kisses my forehead, and then the driver opens the door. He gets out of the car and I follow behind him.

"You're staying?" he asks, his face lighting with hope.

I shake my head and nod toward the car. "No. He's going to take me to my apartment."

His face clouds and he looks up at the stars, breathing in a long breath. I don't want to leave him. I want to stay here. This is home. Not my apartment and certainly not with Trip Fields.

My stomach twists with the knowledge that I won't get to sleep in his arms tonight. He won't throw one leg over my nak*d bottom and hold me close to him.

"I have a class at nine tomorrow and another at noon." I say. "So, I'll see you tomorrow night?"

He shakes his head. "My classes don't start until three on Mondays, and then I have a lab at six thirty."

"Oh."

The window of the limo lowers, and my dad barks at me.

"I know!" I shout. "I'm coming!"

Logan brackets my face with his hands and says, "I want to kiss you."

My dad starts to whistle, the window still down. I'm glad Logan can't hear it because it's annoying the crap out of me. "I want to be kissed," I say.

He groans and presses his lips to my forehead, holding them as he breathes in and out, in and out.

In a perfect world, I could go home and we could talk late into the night on the phone. But that can't happen with us. Logan can use a TTY, but it wouldn't be the same.

"Emily," my dad warns.

"I have to go," I say, and I kiss him quickly on the lips. The driver holds the door open for me, and I slide into the car. I feel like he's shutting the door to happiness when I have to leave Logan. I sigh heavily and lean back against the backrest. This sucks.

Logan

I run up the stairs as quickly as I can. Paul is standing in the kitchen and spins to face me when I run in and slam the door.

"Jesus Christ," he says. "Someone stole all your clothes and brought you home dressed like a f**king douche."

"Can I borrow your bike?" I ask, my breath rushing from my body. I need to go, and I need to go quickly.

"It's too f**king cold to ride the bike," he warns, his eyes narrowing. "Why do you want it?" Paul has a Suzuki street bike that he won in a card game. He doesn't drive it this time of the year.

"Can I borrow it?" I ask, hurrying to get my lined overalls and a stocking cap. I don't have a ton of cash for a cab and the subway will take too long.

He opens a drawer and fishes around until he finds the keys. He tosses them at me and my heart leaps. If I hurry, I might be able to get to Emily's before they do.

"Thanks," I say.

I pull on my overalls and get Paul's helmet from the closet. The bike is down in the garage under the building, but there's no guard and no delay this time of the night. I run down the steps, hoping the damn thing starts when I try it.

The bad thing about cars and things with engines is that I can't hear when they start. I can feel the vibrations, though, and I put my hand on it and turn the key. It hums for a second, and then it stops. Of course, this would happen. I'm wrapped like a pig in a blanket and the f**king bike won't start. I turn the key again, and the bike revs to life. I look behind me at the black smoke billowing from it and straddle the machine, kicking it off its stand. It's cold as a witch's tit in a brass bra, but I have a bad feeling about sending Emily home with Trip. I just do. I don't know why. But it's there, and I need to get to her.

The city keeps the streets pretty clear, and cars have been on them all day today. Except for some black ice, I'm not too worried about the roads.

It takes me about fifteen minutes to get to her house. I see the tail lights of the limo pulling away as I drive up. Henry opens the front door and looks out as I stop Paul's bike in front of the door, looking through the window for Emily. She must have already gone upstairs.

Henry motions me forward. "Bring that thing inside," he says. He points to the bike and points to the inside again, like he's not sure I understand. "If you leave it out there, someone might steal it," he reminds me.

It's a small bike, but it's going to leave wet tracks on the tile if I bring it inside. He nods at me in encouragement and jerks his head, gesturing me into the lobby.

I kill the engine and push the bike into the foyer. He points to a storage room, and I roll the bike toward it. He takes a bucket with a mop sticking out of it from the same room, and goes behind the wheels really quickly, cleaning up my mess.

"Sorry about that," I say.

"No worries." He cocks his head at me. "Why weren't you with Miss Madison?" he asks, his brows drawing together.

"Technical glitch," I say, pulling my knit cap from my hair. I blow into my hands. They're f**king freezing, even though I had on thick gloves.

He motions for me to come close to the heater blow his desk. "Warm up a bit. Then you can go upstairs."

I look at him out of the corner of my eye, as if I don't care about the answer to my next question. "Are Emily's parents upstairs?"

He shakes his head. "Just that man. The little f**ker." Henry is a New Yorker through and through. I never can tell, since I can't hear accents, but I can tell when men start dropping the f-bomb where they're from. A laugh bursts from my throat.

"Oh, you have no idea," I say.

"I do know. He threw a fit yesterday when I wouldn't give him a key." He shakes his finger in the air like he's just remembered something. "Speaking of which, I have your key." He reaches into a drawer, takes out a small brown envelope, and places it in my hand with a flourish. I could kiss him, I'm that happy. I shake the key into my hand and thread it onto my key ring.

"Thank you," I say.

He nods his head toward the elevator. "You better go up. She didn't look very happy when they came home."

"What makes you say that?"

"He had icicles hanging from his nuts, if I'm not mistaken," he says with a grin. "That girl isn't giving him a second glance, much less any action."

I really will have to kiss Henry for that. I reach for him, and he jumps back. He's spry for someone as old as he is. "Save that for Miss Madison," he says with a laugh.

I unhook my thermal overalls and step out of them. "Can I put these with the bike?" I ask. He opens the storage-room door back up, and I drape them over the Suzuki. I look at Henry. He looks tired.

"Do you ever go home, Henry?" I ask. It seems like he's here every time I show up.

He smiles softly, but it doesn't quite reach his eyes. "My wife had a stroke recently, so I work to pay for her medical care right now." He shrugs. "They offer me the extra hours, so I take them."

"I'm sorry to hear about your wife," I say. "Will she be all right?"

His eyes skitter away from mine. "I certainly hope so." His chest fills with air as he sighs. "She's at a nursing home temporarily." He smiles. "I saw her at lunch, and I'll go there to sleep tonight."

I squeeze his shoulder. If there were ever a man who needed a hug, it's Henry. In Bro Code, a shoulder squeeze is the same as a hug. "You should go home. You might rest better there."

He smiles and says, "I can't sleep without her, so I might as well sleep at the nursing home. I'd rather sleep in a recliner holding her hand than sleep in the biggest, softest bed in the world." He shakes his head. "Someday you'll know what it's like to wake up with one woman every day for almost forty years." He points toward the elevator. "You'll have the pitter-patter of little feet in the early years."

I point to my ears and laugh. "I can't hear a pitter-patter, Henry." He looks slightly chagrined. "But I get the idea."

"Miss Madison, she's the one for you, isn't she?" he asks.

My heart swells. "The only one."

He claps my shoulder this time. "Then go get her." He shoves my shoulder, pushing me toward the elevator. "Go on now. You don't have to keep an old man company."

I smile and wave at him, going toward the elevator. I turn back at the last minute. "If I can help with your wife, Henry, please let me know. I have a lot of brothers, and they're really good for moving furniture and stuff. When she's ready to come home."

He grins. "I'll take you up on that."

"They're not good for much else," I shout as the elevator doors close. Except for supporting me in everything that I do. Except for loving me unconditionally. Except for when they kick my ass for being stupid. They're useless, all right.

I smile all the way up the elevator. I don't knock when I get to Emily's door. Instead, I use my key.

Emily

Trip gets in the elevator behind me and has the nerve to try to back me into a corner. His arms go to each side of my head, trapping me. I turn my face, because he's had too much to drink. His breath smells like straight-up Jack Daniels.

He was really quiet in the limo coming home, but I have known him long enough to see all the signs. I put my hand on his chest and shove. "Move back, Trip," I say.

He leans down, breathing into my face. I turn my head and close my eyes. Fighting with Trip when he's drunk is like kicking a puppy. A rabid puppy who won't stop foaming at the mouth and trying to bite you. It's the only kind of puppy I wouldn't mind kicking in the teeth.

"I don't want to move back," he says, slurring as he talks to me. "You used to like it when we were close like this. You said I didn't show you enough affection."

He runs his meaty hand down the side of my face. "Back up, Trip," I warn him again. All it would take is one big push, and he'd be flat on his tail. I'm sure of that.

The elevator dings, and I duck beneath his arm. He groans and follows me to the door. "Hurry up," he grouses. "I have to piss."

I shake my head, let him in, and he runs by me, heading straight for the bathroom. He doesn't close the bathroom door, and I can hear him. There's no need to even try to talk to him about respect and his lack of it. He's too drunk.

I look longingly at the front door. Now that he's inside the apartment, I can catch a cab and go to Logan's. My heart warms at the idea of it. I turn toward the door. There's nothing I need here. My bag is still at Logan's apartment. And so is my heart.

Trip grabs my elbow and says, "Where do you think you're going?" just as I reach for the door.

"I'm going to Logan's," I say. There's no need to lie to him. "Get out of my way."

He stands between me and the door with his arms folded, his feet spread wide. Shoot. I should just go to my room and wait for him to pass out. I turn to walk in that direction, but he grabs for me again. I jerk my arm from his grip. That hurts.

"Stop it, Trip," I say. "Just go to bed."

He grabs my h*ps and pulls me to him, grinding himself against me. "I will if you'll go with me."

I wouldn't go to the store with him, much less to bed. "You're drunk, Trip. Go sleep it off."

"I'm not so drunk that I can't get it up," he says.

Yes, I can feel that much against my stomach where he's pressed against me. I take a deep breath and take his face in my hands, looking into his eyes. "Go to bed," I say softly. "We'll talk tomorrow."

He bends his head and presses a kiss to my neck. Then he bites down, sucking hard on my skin. I shove him back, covering my neck with my hand. "What was that, Trip?" I shout. "God, what's wrong with you?"

"It's just a little love bite," he says, grinning. "You used to love for me to nibble on your neck."

"That wasn't a nibble," I say. "It's like you were trying to suck my blood or something."

"I'll suck on something," he says, as his hand comes up to cup my breast.

I can't help it. I slap him. I slap him directly across the face. I hit him so hard that I have to shake the sting from my hand.

It's in that second that I realize my front door is open, and then Logan charges across the room like a bull and hits Trip in the side, tumbling with him to the floor.

"Logan!" I cry, tugging on his shoulder. He has his hands around Trip's throat and noises are coming from his mouth that I don't understand. I've never seen him this angry, but apparently intense emotion affects his speech.

Trip grunts from beneath him, and I see what's going to happen before it ever does. Trip reaches for an urn that's on the floor by the couch, and he picks it up to hit Logan over the head with it. It bounces off his back, though, and just tumbles to the floor. It's plastic, so I don't know what Trip thought he was going to do with it.

"Let him up, Logan," I say, getting my face down near his. "Let him up. He's drunk."

He doesn't let him up, though. He keeps his knee on Trip's chest. He's not hurting him, but he's holding him there. "What the f**k was he doing to you that made you slap him?" he asks.

"He's drunk. Let him up so he can go to bed."

Logan takes his thumbs off Trip's windpipe, and Trip draws in a huge gulp of air. "Call the cops, Emily," Trip starts screaming. Logan tightens his grip again.

"He has to shut the f**k up if he wants me to let him up." He looks down at Trip. "I hate a f**king drunk," he says. "I'm going to let you up, and you're going to go to your room. Do you understand?"

Trip nods. Logan steps back, and Trip scrambles to his feet, nearly falling over in the process. "I should call the cops."

"So I can tell them how you were assaulting me?" I ask.

He looks confused. "I just wanted to kiss you," he whines. He's not pretty when he drinks. Not at all.

I shake my head. "But I didn't want to be kissed." I blow out a huge breath. I feel as though someone pulled the stopper on a big balloon inside me. "Go to bed, Trip. We'll talk tomorrow."

Trip nods, unsteady on his feet. He goes into his room and closes the door.

I draw in a deep breath, and Logan pulls me into him. I let him hold me because I think he needs it even more than I do. I step back and shake out my hand. I really hit Trip pretty hard, and my palm is still stinging.

"What did he do?" Logan bites out.

I shake my head. He's not going to stop asking until I tell him. "He tried to kiss me. That's all." He lays his thumb on my lips.

"He kissed you?" he asks, his voice soft and reverent. His eyes search mine and I know he's watching all my nonverbal cues.

"No," I clarify, shaking my head. "He tried to kiss me. That's a very different thing." I unclip the barrette from my hair and brush it out with my fingers as I kick off my shoes. "What are you doing here?" I finally ask.

"I was worried about you," he admits. His face is stony. "With good reason, apparently."

I wrap my arms around his waist and hug him tightly. "I'm so glad you're here." He helps me shrug out of my coat, and his hands on my arms are freezing. "Why are you so cold?" I ask.

"I rode the bike over here," he admits.

"A bike?"

"A motorcycle, really," he goes on to explain.

"You have a motorcycle?" I had no idea he owned a motorcycle.

"It's Paul's. He let me borrow it." He tips my head to the side to look at my neck. "What the f**k is that?" he barks.

I shake my head. "Nothing."

"It's not nothing, Emily." He growls, and I expect to see him pound on his chest like an ape any second. That would be kind of hot, actually.

I don't want to talk about it anymore. "I'm glad you're here," I say. "Can you help me get out of this dress?" I ask because I want to take his mind off my neck and the mark Trip left there.

He points me toward my room and pops me on my butt. "In the bedroom," he says. He glares at Trip's door.

"He's out for the night. He won't bother us." I have seen Trip drunk enough times that I'm certain of it. "Can you stay the night?"

He follows me into the bedroom and closes and locks the door behind us. With a pensive look, he pulls my lower lip from between my teeth with the pad of his thumb. I hadn't even realized I was biting it.

"You have no idea how much I wanted to kill him when I saw his hands on you," he says.

"Not nearly as much as I wanted to." I turn my back to Logan, and he slides the zipper down slowly. He pushes my hair over my shoulder and presses his lips to my shoulder, making me go all quivery on the inside. "What made you come here?" I ask.

He shrugs. "I didn't want to sleep without you." He tweaks my nose as he starts to unbutton his shirt. He hangs it over the back of a chair, shaking the wrinkles out of it. The racks holding the clothes my mom sent over are still in the corner. "You know," he says. "I was talking with Henry downstairs. Did you know his wife is so ill she's in a nursing home?"

I gasp. I had no idea. "Is she all right?" I ask.

"He goes there every night to sleep because he says he can't sleep without her." He smiles and tips my chin up. "I want us to be like them when we grow up." He grins.

"I think we already are them," I say. It's true. We are. I am not sure I could live without Logan at this point.

He undresses completely and slips between my sheets. I get ready to pull a T-shirt over my head, my back to him when he complains.

"No, leave that off," he says, his voice gruff. I shrug, turn the lights down but not off, and climb into bed with him. And then he shows me all the reasons why I never want to sleep in a bed away from him ever again. And then he shows me even more reasons when he pulls me into his arms and holds me close all night long.

Logan

I like having her legs spread around me. I like it more than I should. Her arms are wrapped around my waist, and her face rests against my back. I made her wear the helmet, but we're only going around the corner so I can drop her off at Julliard, so I'm not too worried about getting caught without one. I pull up in front of the building where her first class is located and kill the engine.

"Do you want me to walk with you to class?" I ask as she gets off the bike and unclips the helmet. She holds it out to me and smiles, shaking her head.

"I can find it." She leans forward and presses her lips to mine. I pull her closer, not ready to give her up yet. She's looking all fresh faced and excited with her hair up in a ponytail and her backpack slung over her shoulders. She says something against my lips, and I sit back so I can see her face.

Thanks for the ride, she signs.

You're very welcome. God, she's so pretty.

She grins and blushes. Thanks for the one last night, too.

I go hard immediately. Be careful, I warn.

Or what? she teases.

I jerk her to me with a quick tug to her scarf, and she laughs. I can feel the quake of her stomach against my hip. I f**king love you so much, I say. I can't seem to stop telling her.

She rolls her eyes, kisses me quickly and says, I just love it when you get all romantic. I love you, too.

I spin her toward her building and tap her on the ass. I have something I need to take care of this morning. Something really important. She waves at me as she walks away, her fingers barely moving. Then she holds up the I love you sign, and I know my name is written right below it.

I stop at home so that I can shower and change. I want to look nice when I go to her father. I need to explain to him, man-to-man, why Emily isn't going to be staying at her apartment, or at least not until Trip's gone. That mark on her neck is inexcusable. It's like he was trying to brand her, even though she's mine. And I simply can't tolerate that. What would have happened if I hadn't shown up when I did?

Paul is just getting up when I come out of the bathroom. "Glad to see you're back to normal," he says, smiling at me over a cup of coffee.

I tell Paul about what happened at the party with the model, about Emily's father, and about what Trip did just before I got to Emily's apartment last night.

He shakes his head. "That's f**ked up," he says. "What are you going to do?"

I heave a sigh. "I think I have to go and talk to her father. Today."

He nods. It's slow but still a nod. He's hesitant, and I don't understand why.

"What?" I ask.

"He's not going to approve no matter what you do. He wants a certain life for her."

"Emily can't read," I blurt out.

Paul spits into his coffee. "What?" he sputters.

"She can read," I correct. "She knows what letters are and how to spell words, but she has dyslexia. Reading is really, really hard for her. That's why her father wants her to marry. That's why he doesn't want her to have an education and thinks she should just marry some rich douchebag. He doesn't think she's worth any more than that."

"Ouch," he says. That's what Paul says when he wants to mull over a tender topic.

"You won't tell her I told you about not being able to read, will you? She hides it really well."

He inhales deeply. "I already knew. I've seen her read to Hayley." He looks into my face. "Is that why you spoke to her?" I went eight years without saying a word. And she made me want to talk again.

I nod. "She couldn't read what I wrote down."

"You talked to her all along didn't you?" He smiles, but it's only a half-smile.

"Pretty much from the day that I met her," I admit. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you." I feel bad now. I went years without speaking. "You guys all made it really easy for me to retreat and not speak since you all learned to sign."

"You're f**king deaf, dumbass. What else were we going to do?"

A lot of deaf families never learn sign language. "I'm sorry," I repeat. "It was easier being quiet."

"She doesn't make anything easy for you, does she?"

"What? She makes everything easy for me. I didn't even choose to talk. It just happened." I smile. She turns me inside out. "I love her so f**king much."

"I know you want to be a man about this, but her father's going to fight you the whole way."

"I know." I wish that wasn't the case. "But I feel like I need to be open with him."

"You're going to get a fat f**king headache from banging your head against that wall."

"She had to wear a scarf to school today to cover up her neck."

"Fucker," Paul swears.

Sam walks into the kitchen in boxer shorts and a T-shirt, scratching his belly. "Morning," he says as he goes to the coffeepot.

Something is going on with Sam and Pete, Paul signs behind his back. You know about it?

What? I ask

They've been hanging out with Bone.

Why? My movements are exaggerated. I'm suddenly pissed.

They deny it. But I hear things. He shrugs. Just wanted to see if you knew anything about it.

I don't know anything about it. I've been a little preoccupied. Sorry. Want me to look into it?

He shakes his head. I'll do it.

Sam turns to face us. "You guys were talking about my ass, weren't you?" He grins. "I know it's awesome, but try to contain yourselves."

Sam makes me laugh. He has this way about him. "Sam, do you think you could make dinner tomorrow night? I want to invite Emily's parents over."

Paul sputters into his coffee again. "Here?" he asks.

I nod. "I want them to see what our family is like. In person."

"Why do I have to cook?" Sam whines.

"Because you're the only one who knows how." I watch him closely. "Make some lasagna or something." I put my hands together like in prayer. "Please?"

He huffs and says, "Sure. But you're going to owe me."

***

Mr. and Mrs. Madison have a suite at one of the larger hotels in the area. Henry is the one who told me that. How he knew, I have no idea, but that man is sharp as a tack. I stop at the front desk, wringing my hands together as I ask for their room number. I have to get this over with. I have to tell them that Emily won't be going back to that apartment as long as Trip is there.

The front desk calls their room, and then they write down the room number for me. My knees are steady as the elevator ascends to the highest floor. Of course, they would be on the highest floor. And in a suite.

Mrs. Madison opens the door and lets me. She draws me in for a quick hug. "Is everything all right?" she asks, her eyebrows drawing together.

"Everything is fine," I say. "Is your husband here? I'd like to talk with him, if it's not too much trouble."

She looks at me, her head tilting to the side as she appraises my face. Finally, her mask of indifference slips back over her face. But this woman is anything but indifferent. She points toward an open door.

Mr. Madison sits behind a desk in a room that's more lavish than any office I've ever been in. He looks up and dismisses me immediately when he doesn't even catch my gaze.

"Logan," he says. "What brings you here?" He doesn't look up from his paperwork, but I need to say this anyway.

"Mr. Madison," I begin. "I need to talk to you." I point toward the chair. "May I sit down?" He looks up at me over his glasses.

"If you must." He steeples his hands on his desk. I finally have his attention. Good.

"I wanted to come to you, as one man to another, sir," I say.

"I believe we're one man short, son," he says.

I steel my spine. I really can't help it if he's not a man. "Be that as it may, Trip went a little too far with Emily last night."

He tosses his pen onto the desk, and I watch it flip until it settles. "What are you talking about?"

"Last night, when you dropped Trip and Emily off at her apartment, he tried to kiss her."

"Just what are you insinuating, Logan?" he asks. "They were engaged, for crying out loud. There's obviously some chemistry there. It's bubbling back to the surface." His gaze is cool. "I know you love her, but let last night prove to you that what they have isn't dead and gone. It's still very much alive."

"Alive?" I ask.

"Yes, alive. He still loves her, and she still cares for him." He actually looks sorry. "I'm sorry it didn't work out for you." He starts to shuffle through his papers again. I'm being dismissed.

"Emily won't return to the apartment until Trip is moves out." I scoot forward in my seat until I'm perched on the edge of the chair. "She's going to live with me. I just wanted to be sure you're aware."

He shakes his head. "No, son," he begins.

"I'm not your son," I bite out.

"Logan," he chides, "my daughter will live exactly where I tell her to live."

"How did that work out for you last year, sir?" I ask. I force myself to relax. "I'm not asking for your permission. I'm telling you how it's going to be. If you get Trip out of her apartment, she'll go back there. If you don't, she'll live with me. Because I won't let her go back there again, not while he's there harassing her." I narrow my eyes at him. "Do you understand, Mr. Madison?"

His face is turning red now, and his pupils narrow. He's angry, so angry he can barely take in a breath. "Do you presume to tell me what my daughter will and will not do, Mr. Reed?"

"I don't presume anything, sir," I bite out. "I'm just telling you what you need to do if you'd like to have your daughter back in her own apartment." I get up, adjust my jeans. "Always a pleasure, Mr. Madison."

I walk toward the door. But that's when I see my notebook, the one I was carrying at their party yesterday. It's by Mr. Madison's elbow.

"I believe this is mine," I say. I reach for it.

"I beg your pardon," Mr. Madison says. "This belongs to Trip." He chuckles and taps his temple. "Smart boy that one. It's a shame you don't have any of his talent." He flips open my notebook and shows me my own drawings. "That boy came up with a way to change my ad campaign. And it's damn good, if I do say so myself. I'm rather proud of him." He smiles at me and flips through my drawings, showing them to me one by one.

"When did he give you these?" I ask.

"This morning. He worked on them all night last night."

Just then, Trip walks in the door. His smile falters when he sees me looking at my own notebook, at the drawings I made, at the plan I came up with. "Mr. Madison was just showing me your drawings," I say. "I didn't know you had it in you, Trip."

"It's funny what you can do when you have a few hours alone to think, isn't it?" Trip adjusts his suit coat, looking nervous as hell. "I did it last night when I was waiting up for Emily to come home." He shoots me a glare. He's daring me to deny that Emily was with me. I won't deny anything, and I won't claim anything. Not today.

Trip smiles at me when I don't respond. He thinks he's won. But I can't help it. I have to do it. I rear back and hit Trip in the f**king face as hard as I can. He falls to the floor like a stone, and Mr. Madison rushes from behind his desk. He calls for security, but they don't need to come. I'm done here.

"Mrs. Madison," I say as I walk past her. I refuse to run. I'm feeling too damn good right now. That f**ker is stretched out on the floor not moving, and I put him there. I'm feeling lighter than I have since he came to town.

Mrs. Madison smiles at me. "Logan," she says, inclining her head. A smile tickles her lips, but she refuses to let it break. "Thanks for dropping by." She covers her mouth when a laugh tries to burst forward.

"Anytime," I reply. I let myself out. I'm done here. So f**king done.

But I stick my head back in at the last minute. "We'd like to have you for dinner tomorrow night, if you're available."

"What time?" she asks.

"Eight? I'll have Emily send you the address."

"We'll see you then." She nods at me again as I slip out the door. I shake out my hand. It hurts like a mother f**ker. But it was so worth it.

Emily

It's late but I can't leave yet. I haven't finished listening to my textbook so I can get my homework done. I paid attention in class, and I even took some notes, but I have to listen to my textbooks, unlike most students. I sit in the library and have my text-to-speech program read to me. I am a good listener, and I can remember most things. It just takes me twice as long to listen to someone else read than it does for most people to read it themselves.

When I have a firm grasp on the material from today's classes, I finally take the headphones off. I look over my notes and smile. I can do this. I am smart. And I have kept my secret long enough. All of my instructors are aware of my dyslexia, and while they're not going to make anything easy for me, they are willing to work with me. It turns out that many musical prodigies struggle to learn in the traditional sense-or so says one of my teachers. He even confessed that he has an "undiagnosed processing problem" that makes learning hard for him. That's why he turned to music in the first place. I like Dr. Ball a lot. He kept me after class to talk about my limitations. Or lack of limitations, as he termed it.

I tried to assure him that I can do anything he puts before me, and I think he got it. I want this. I want it so badly. I want to excel at something even though I read, in a traditional sense, at a first-grade level. I've kept my secret long enough. It's time to let it be known. So that's what I'm doing.

Dr. Ball is helping each of us plan our individual pieces for the showcase. I explained to him what I want to do, and he seemed intrigued by it. Logan can't understand music. He can't understand the rise and the fall of the notes, and he can't understand the tempo or the beat, unless there's a heavy bass. I want to translate music into something he can understand. Dr. Ball hooked me up with one of his other students who does audio-visual work, and he's going to help me make a multi-layered presentation. I already know the song. I have had in my head for years. I wrote it when I used to watch my dad sleep. I would wonder why I didn't measure up in his eyes. I know the song, and I know the notes. Now I just need to work on the actual presentation.

I look up when a man sits down across from me. Logan smiles, his breaths heavy. He props his head on his chin and blinks his pretty blue eyes at me. "Would your boyfriend be mad if I sit here with you?" he asks, his grin almost contagious.

"My boyfriend would kick your ass," I say as seriously as I can. But a laugh escapes me. I look around when the librarian raps her desk with a ruler. I sign to Logan instead.

My boyfriend will kick your ass, I say again. You might want to get out of here. He's a mean SOB when he's provoked.

He laughs with no sound. God, he's so handsome when he smiles. And when he's not smiling. And when he's sleeping. And when he's awake. And when he's breathing.

He takes my hand and swipes his thumb across the back of it. Heat shoots straight to the center of me. I pull my hand back so I can avoid melting into a big puddle on the floor.

What are you doing here? I ask.

He shrugs. I thought you might want a ride home.

Really?

He nods.

I smile. That's so sweet.

Completely self-serving, he corrects.

I narrow my eyes at him. How so?

Maybe I just wanted your legs spread around me on my bike. He waggles his eyebrows at me.

I lean forward as if I need to tell him a secret. Maybe I want my legs spread around you, too.

He groans and grabs my hand. He tosses my book bag over his shoulder and pulls me toward the door. This time, he has two helmets, and he helps me fasten mine. I love that he tries to take such care of me.

My apartment or yours? I ask.

He brushes the hair back that's hanging around my face, pushing it under the helmet. I don't want you going back to your apartment while Trip's there. He looks closely watching my face. That okay with you?

Fine, I say. I kind of like it when you go all Neanderthal. I grin, and he straddles the bike. I climb on behind him and wrap my hands around his waist. He hisses playfully when I lift his shirt and lay my hands against the tender skin of his belly. We zoom through the streets and into the parking deck beneath his building. He bends at the waist and tosses me over his shoulder.

"You haven't seen Neanderthal yet," he warns as he carries me up the steps.

Logan

I'm more nervous than I should be. My brothers have been cleaning all day, and Sam has been cooking like a Top Chef. He's wearing an apron spattered with tomato sauce, and Emily cleans up behind him as he moves from task to task. Sam loves to cook. He's never happier than he is when he's making something for someone to eat.

I should have done a better job planning this dinner. None of our dishes match, but we set the table with them anyway. Hell, our chairs don't even match at our tiny, scratched-up table. It was our mom and dad's, and I love it. It has years of abuse and love etched into its rough surface. There are tracks from Matchbox cars and scuffs from science-project disasters.

Stop worrying, Emily says. It's just dinner.

It's not just dinner. It's so much more.

I'm not worried. Your mom will love the food. And your dad won't be able to complain about anything Sam has made. Of that, I am one hundred percent certain. He might not like the company or the accommodations or the jelly jars that we use as glasses, but he will love the food.

Emily rushes to the door and opens it when the bell rings. Her parents come in, and her dad looks around our apartment, his nose in the air. Her mom exclaims over the smell of the food.

"Mom, Dad," she says. "This is Paul, and Sam, and you've heard all about Matt."

Matt steps forward and shakes hands. "I believe I owe you a debt of gratitude," he says.

"You don't owe us a thing," her mom gushes. She pulls Matt to the side so she can fuss over him.

Sam takes his apron off and declares, "The chef is done. It's time for the serving committee to take over."

"You're not staying?" I ask. What the fuck?

I have to go and find Pete, he says. He should have been home hours ago.

Is something wrong?

He shrugs. I don't like it-he won't look me in the face.

I'll be back as soon as I find him. Save me some lasagna. He nods toward Mr. Madison. That one looks like he can put away some food. He grins and sneaks out the door before Paul can catch him.

"Mr. Madison," I say, extending my hand. He takes it and shakes, his grip tight.

"Logan," he says. "Thanks for having us."

"Thanks for coming."

"Shall we eat?" Paul asks.

###

Conversation is stilted, our plates are now empty, desert has been consumed, and I'm just about convinced that Mr. Madison doesn't have a soul at all when Sam runs in the door. He's filthy, his shirt is torn, and he smells like he's been in a Dumpster.

I'm so sorry, he signs to Emily. He shoots an apologetic glance at her. But we have a problem. Pete has been arrested.

For what? Paul asks, but he's already crossing the room to get his coat. I'm right behind him.

We were with Bone, Sam admits. He avoids Paul's gaze. And the cops showed up.

Where is he now?

At the police station.

They put him in cuffs? Paul asks.

Sam nods.

Emily saw the entire conversation. I'm going with you, she says.

I nod. What about your parents?

Emily asks her parents if they can give us a ride to the station. I think we're done with them, but their driver parks the car and they get out with us.

"I'll know what my daughter is involved in," Mr. Madison says when I tell them that they don't have to go in with us. I nod. If she was my daughter, I would go too.

Paul rings the bell on the desk and waits for the officer to help us. I can't follow what they say, but I know Paul will tell me when they're done.

Paul hangs his head in his hands and turns back to us. "They're not going to let him go home. He needs an attorney."

Emily goes to her dad and tugs on his jacket. "Dad, can you call someone?"

He shakes his head. "It's time to go home, Emily." He takes her elbow, but she jerks out of his grip.

"I'm not going anywhere."

"If you go with me now, I'll find representation for him." He looks smug, and I want to punch him in the face like I did Trip. I rear back, and Paul grabs my arm.

Let me do it, he signs. I won't regret it later.

Neither would I.

Emily steps back from her father and stands with Matt, Paul, and me. "You should go home," she says. "I'm staying here." She turns her back on her parents, and we start to plan how to find an attorney for Pete.

This is really bad. It's not a hold-him-for-twenty-four-hours kind of thing, Paul explains. He's really in trouble.

It's okay. We can work this out. We always do.

Only it's not so easy this time. Pete's waiting for arraignment.

I sigh, and Emily's parents leave. She stays with us, of course, and helps us plan. She's family now. I draw her to my side. They're keeping my brother, but I'm taking Emily home with me.

She helps me undress, and then she shoves me onto the bed and helps me forget all the shit that Pete's gotten into. At least for tonight.

Emily

My mom is waiting for me outside the school after my last class. She wants to go and get pedicures, but that's usually code for "let's talk." I take a deep breath and slide into the car.

She pats my knee. "I won't torture you with a pedicure today." She smiles at me as though she's waiting for me to talk.

"Mom," I start. She waits, smiling patiently at me. I never thought I'd be in this predicament with my mom.

She holds up a finger to stop me. "How's Peter?"

"Still locked up," I mumble.

She purses her lips.

"I don't want to hear about it, Mom. He made a mistake. That doesn't mean Logan's a mistake."

Her brow furrows, and she lays a hand on her chest. "Have I ever said that Logan is a mistake? Ever? That boy is the best thing that has ever happened to you."

Even with everything that's happened, she still thinks that? I lean forward and wrap my arms around her. "Thank you."

"What can I do to make things better between you and your father?"

"Get him a lobotomy?"

She rocks her head back and forth like she's mulling it over.

"Neuter him?"

Her eyebrows shoot up to her hairline. "I think not."

"Ew," I groan. But she makes me laugh. "He can't keep holding his money over my head. Or their heads, for that matter." I cross my arms in front of my chest.

"I think you've shown him that money isn't a motivator for you. Or for them." She glares at me.

"What?" I ask.

"What can I do to make it better between you and your father?" she asks again.

I shrug.

"When is your show?"

"Tomorrow night."

"Do you want him to be there?"

Do I? I don't know if I do or not. He won't appreciate it either way.

"Think about it," she says.

"Bring him there. It'll be the last time I ever worry about pleasing him if he doesn't show up."

She nods. She gets it, I think.

Emily

Tonight is my big night, and the auditorium is completely filled. The announcer goes to the microphone and welcomes the audience. Julliard does nothing in small measures when it comes to performances and this one is no exception. There are lights and cameras and there will be action.

I'm a little nervous as they call my name. Dr. Ball assures me no one has ever performed a piece like this, and he's worried about my overall presentation. The timing has to be perfect or none of it will work. I have practiced and practiced and practiced some more. I have barely had a moment with Logan all week, because I have been perfecting this piece. And he's been a little preoccupied with Pete's situation. But every night, I sleep in his bed. Every day, I wake up in his arms. Every minute, I know how much he loves me. Even with all the trouble Pete's in, Logan is dedicated to me. Pete has a public defender, but his fate is still undecided.

I walk onto the stage, and I can't even see the audience past the lights. But I can hear all the Reed boys as they call my name and cheer. I raise my hand to shield my eyes, and I can see them there. They're on their feet clapping for me. The rest of the audience is subdued, but Sam yells, "Get 'em, Emily!" He makes me laugh. Paul whistles through his teeth at me. I'm so glad they're here. The person I most want to see isn't there, though-my dad's not with them. My mom is but not Dad.

I should have known he meant what he said when he'd left me that night. I should have known that he was done. He's proven it now. But then I see people in the row stand up, and a male form scoots down to join the four Reed brothers and my mom.

My dad's here. He's really here.

Tears prick at the backs of my lashes. My dad is not standing and clapping with the boys. He looks put out by it, honestly. I wish my dad had the same kind of enthusiasm that the Reeds have when it comes to my music.

I sit down on the stool in front of the microphone, and I plug my guitar into the amp. I speak into the crowd. "Good evening, friends, family, and distinguished guests." I take a deep breath. "I hope you all will indulge me because I'm going to try something new tonight." I laugh. "I wanted to take my music to a new level." I shrug my shoulders. "I just hope you like it." I look toward Logan. Then I look at my dad. "And I hope he likes it."

I set up the screens and projectors behind me before the performance, but as I start to play my guitar, I begin with a simple melody. I look over my shoulder to make sure my timing is right. Butterflies light up the screen behind me, and I play along with their movements. I have timed everything perfectly. They don't just fly; they pulse. They pulse along with the rhythm of the song.

I see Logan sit forward in his seat. This part is for him. This part is so that the can feel the rhythm and movement of my song. This is the treble clef that he's missing. This is the part he can't feel in the beat of the bass through the floor. But he can see it.

I keep playing, and the butterflies move up and down with the notes of my guitar. They fly high and they fly low, and they keep shifting with the beat.

I open my mouth, and the butterflies become the words of my song. I have timed them perfectly to my tempo and my melody, and they grow large when my words are strong and small when my words are soft. The words on the screen are for Logan. The theatrics of this piece are all for him, but the words coming out of my mouth are for my dad and my dad alone:

You've been asleep for some time now .

I've been watching you for a while now.

This is oh so hard when you're awake

Because when you look at me I just start to ache.

I try to be

All that you want to see,

But you know how it goes.

Nobody else knows

That I can't be what you need me to be.

I look at the words on the page

As they swim and they rage.

They fight me even though I try,

Sometimes I still wonder why.

The storm rages all around me.

What I need is for your arms to surround me.

But what I get's not the same.

I get scorn, pain, and shame.

I try to be

All that you want to see,

But you know how it goes.

Nobody else knows

That I can't be what you need me to be.

I look at the words on the page

As they swim and they rage.

They fight me even though I try,

Sometimes I still wonder why

What can I ever say

To make you love me today?

I'm willing to forget yesterday.

I need you... .Mmmmmmmmmmm

I try to be

All that you want to see,

But you know how it goes.

Nobody else knows

That I can't be

what you need me to be.

I look at the words on the page

As they swim and they rage.

They fight me even though I try,

Sometimes I still wonder why.

You've been awake for a while now.

Can you love me no matter how,

Can you take me as I was born

Instead of insisting reform?

You're supposed to love me no matter what,

But I can see you'd rather

Have anyone but me on your side.

This has been a long ride.

Every time I'm ready to give up on you

He won't let me give up on you

Even though you gave up on me long ago, Dad.

I can't help that I was born this way,

But you can help that you see me that way.

Because I am not broken,

And I'm still always hoping

That one day you'll see I'm just me...Dad.

The music stops and the spotlight on me dims as the crowd falls completely silent. I wipe the tears from my face and set my guitar to the side. The stage lights are taking forever, and I can't figure out why.

There's a pregnant pause. Maybe I went too far. Maybe I should run out the back door rather than face the scorn of the audience. I just poured my heart out up here. And I did it for one man. Sure, the lights and the performance were for Logan. I wanted him to know what I had to say, and he wouldn't hear it in the words of my song. The rest of it...

I hear the sound of hands clapping together. It's not a crowd of people. It's just two hands clapping. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. It's slow and methodical. And then I hear his voice.

"Well done, Emily!"

My heart leaps into my throat. That's not Logan or any of the Reeds. That's my dad. My dad is clapping for me.

The stage lights come on, and I can see him standing at the foot of the stage. He's clapping like crazy, and he has tears running down his face. Certainly, it didn't affect him this much.

"Emily!" he yells, his hands cupping his mouth, even though I'm only ten feet from him. "I'm so proud of you!" He yells out words like "brilliant" and "amazing" and "awesome" and he turns to someone behind him and says, "My daughter is so talented. Did you see that?" He's crying unabashedly, and so am I.

The crowd is getting over my dad's emotional outburst, and they all get to their feet, clapping for me. I walk toward my instructor and he says, "Excellent job, Miss Madison."

"Did I do all right?" I ask him quietly. He points toward the crowd. They're all on their feet. They're giving me a standing ovation. "Wow," I breathe.

"Congratulations, Miss Madison. I'd say you've found your calling." He motions me forward. "Take a bow."

I step forward on quivering legs and bend at the waist. The crowd is applauding wildly, and my dad is still standing directly in front of the stage. He's the loudest one of all. He holds up one finger to tell me to wait. I see him dodge around the side of the stage and up the stairs. And in front of the entire auditorium, my dad sweeps me into a hug. He spins me around in a circle, my feet flying. "I'm so proud of you, Emily!" he yells.

He still hasn't wiped all the tears from his face, and he doesn't seem to care. He speaks in my ear. "I never knew, Emily. I'm an idiot. I never knew." He squeezes me to him again. "That was the most beautiful thing I've ever heard." He takes my face between his palms and stares into my eyes. "Can you ever forgive me?"

He lets me go without waiting for an answer and stalks over to the microphone. "That was my daughter," he says. "I had no idea she had that kind of talent." He stares at me, his voice cracking. "I've never been so proud."

The teacher beckons us off the stage with a quick flick of his wrist. I drag my father toward the back curtain and slip behind it. Waiting there are all the Reed brothers and my mother.

Sam gets to me first. He scoops me up and spins me around. "You showed them," Sam says in my ear. He smacks the side of my face with a loud kiss. Paul ruffles my hair with his huge hand, and Matt pulls me to him and holds me tightly.

"Did Logan leave?" I ask him when he finally steps back.

He shakes his head, smiles, and points over my shoulder. Logan is leaning against the wall. He's not rushing toward me. Instead, he's standing there with his foot flat against the wall, his knee bent. He has a bouquet of roses in his hand.

I love you, I sign.

He hands the flowers he's holding to my mom and then he signs back. You were brilliant up there. He points to my dad and grins. Just ask him. He'll tell you. But then he sobers. You did it, Em. You did it.

I know what my dad thinks. I want to know what Logan thinks. What did you think you of my performance? I bite my lower lip.

I've never known what music felt like before, and I know now. Thank you. But I already knew you were f**king brilliant.

I run over and wrap my arms around him.

He tips my face up. "No one has ever done anything like that for me before."

"I'd do just about anything for you."

My mom finally gets to hug me. "You should have seen your dad's face the minute you started to sing. He had no idea you had that in you. And then he realized the words were about him. He sobbed through the whole performance."

"I did not sob," my dad complains, his voice gruff but playful.

"Cried?" Paul suggests.

"Boohooed?" Matt tosses in.

"Wailed like an infant?" Sam says.

My dad huffs, but he's not angry. "I'm just so proud of her!" My heart expands in my chest at his words.

Logan drops an around my shoulders. "So am I."

Paul yells, "I think that's pretty much unanimous!"

"I'm starving," Sam calls out. "Can we go get a pie?" He rubs his stomach.

Dad laughs. "The pie is on me."

"Better make it pies," Paul says. "You've obviously never seen these boys eat."

We start to the restaurant on foot, since it's only a short walk away.

My dad puts his arm around my shoulders and walks with me. "You really surprised me tonight," he says softly.

"I can tell." I laugh. But it's not a funny topic, not to me.

"I'm sorry, Em. I should have heard you play a long time ago. I would have understood why you have this passion for music. You're talented."

I wrap my arm around his waist and lean into him. "Thanks, Dad."

Logan and the boys have already crossed the street, as has my mom. I stoop to tie my shoe, and my dad stops in the middle of the road. He waits for me.

I hear the screech of the tires before I even see the car careening in our direction. The ice on the street is thin and black and hard to see. The car can't stop. My dad stands there immobile, frozen in the headlights. The car swerves, but it's not enough. My dad is directly in its path.

The scene freezes in my head, like a film played in slow motion.

"Dad!" I call. I run toward him, but then I look over his shoulder, and I see the moment Logan makes his decision. His blue eyes meet mine, and he looks directly into my face as he steps into the path of the oncoming car and shoves my dad to safety. My dad falls onto the concrete beside me, and the car hits Logan directly in the knees. He flies over the hood and rolls into the windshield. The car skids into a parked car with a screech of its brakes and a furious turn of the wheel. Logan falls from the hood of the car and lands on the concrete. He lies there. I watch, paralyzed with fear as I wait for Logan to get up and shake it off. But he doesn't. He doesn't move. And then I see the blood spreading across his forehead.

I run to Logan and grab the front of his coat. "Logan!" I scream. "Logan."

Paul pulls me off Logan and pushes me into Matt's waiting arms. I fight, kicking and screaming, until Matt restrains me with his arms wrapped tightly around me. He won't even let me look at Logan. I scratch and kick at him, and he grunts when I head butt his chin.

"Stop it," he breathes.

He holds me immobile, his strong arms wrapped around me while he keeps me turned away from the sight of Paul and Sam working on Logan. They're giving him mouth-to-mouth. I can hear Sam counting, and I can hear Paul as he breathes in and out. It seems like days until the ambulance arrives. They hoist Logan inside, and I'm left there in the street with Matt holding my hands behind my back. Paul rides with Logan. Another ambulance is coming. I can hear the sirens. And that's when I realize the second one is for my dad.

I look down. He's completely motionless, and my mom has his head in her lap. She's sobbing and rubbing his quiet face. I watch, knowing it has to be too late for my dad. He is as still as Logan. No one was giving him CPR, though. Not like they were with Logan. The emergency responders load my dad in the ambulance, and I stand there. I feel dead inside. I don't know what to do or where to go. My mom gets in the ambulance, and they close the doors behind her. This reminds me so much of the time that Matt was sick, and I had to call the ambulance for him. They let me ride with him, though. No one left me waiting in the street not knowing what to do.

Matt and Sam drag me toward a waiting police car. "Get in," Matt says as he pushes my head down like you see the police do on cop shows. He slides in behind me and drops an arm around my shoulders pulling me into him. He looks down at me, getting in my face. "You didn't get hit, did you?" he asks.

I shake my head. "It wasn't me. It was Logan."

Oh my God. It was Logan. Logan got hit by the out-of-control car. He rolled over the hood and into windshield. Then he lay on the cold concrete, unmoving. Pete and Sam did CPR.

"He wasn't breathing," I say. I start to shiver.

"No, he wasn't." Matt's hand rubs absently along my shoulder.

"Are you scared?" My voice is quivering.

"Terrified," he admits.

"The car was going to hit my dad."

"I know," he grunts.

"Why did he do that?" I gnaw on my fingernail, tearing at my flesh until I feel pain.

"Why does Logan do anything?"

"I saw the look on his face." Tears roll unheeded down my cheeks.

Matt tips my chin up. "What look?" he asks.

"I saw him make the decision to shove him out of the way." I can't believe he did that. Why would he do that?

"Mother f**ker had better live," Matt murmurs. "If he doesn't, I'm going f**king kill him."

The police officer lets us out at the Emergency Room doors. Matt takes one of my hands and Sam takes the other. I wish Pete were here. Shoot! Pete. "Did anyone call Pete?" I ask.

"Pete can't get phone calls," Sam reminds me.

"You'll have to go see him."

Sam nods.

My mom runs toward me when we walk into the waiting area. She wraps me in her arms, but I shove her back. "Where are they?"

"They're in the ER. They said we can't go back." She wrings her hands together. "Logan wasn't breathing." She looks into my eyes, her brown eyes looking for confirmation. Of what, I don't know.

"Was Dad?" I ask.

"Was Dad what?"

"Breathing," I suggest.

"Yes, your dad was breathing."

The weight doesn't lift from my chest. Not at all.

"But Logan..." she says. "I'm afraid it's not good, Emily."

"I'm scared, Mom."

Paul walks from the back of the hospital, running his hands through his hair. He tugs on the tips and then does it again. Matt and Sam approach him, and he shakes his head. He doesn't know anything.

"Why did he do that?" Paul cries. Then the big guy crumples into a heap on the tiles. Matt goes down with him, wrapping his arms around him, and Sam squats down beside them and puts his hand on Paul's arms. Paul's body is wracked with sobs.

I know why he did it. He did it for me. Did my eyes silently plead with him? Did I somehow ask him without using my voice to save my dad? He read something in my eyes that made him do it? Did I beg him? Is this my fault?

Emily

"I don't want to be here," I whisper to Paul as he leads me into the church. My legs are shaking. I'm afraid the casket will be open for everyone to view the body, so I make sure not to look in that direction.

"I don't either," he whispers back.

"Ditto," Matt says from behind us. We squeeze into the pew and slide down, making room for Sam. Sam looks lost without Pete. It's like he's lost part of who he is with his brother gone. He's constantly looking over his shoulder for his other half. But Pete's not here. Pete's still waiting for arraignment.

Tears fill my eyes when the preacher starts to talk about the loss of life and the tragedy of losing a beloved brother, son, and friend. He talks about divine will, the power of the soul, and the healing hand of faith. I'm not feeling healed. When will that start? Soon, I hope.

It has been four days since the accident. Four days to reflect on what could have been, what might have been. What was. Four days to think about all the ways I should have lived my life differently. And all the ways he could have lived his differently, too.

My dad reaches from behind me and squeezes my shoulder tightly. He's more likely to touch me now than he used to be. He's more likely to show affection and tell me he loves me. It's like he realizes everything that has been lost, and he doesn't want to miss a day or a word or anything important again. My mom didn't come. She's busy taking care of important business, she said.

The preacher drones on, and I tune him out until Matt takes my hand and squeezes it tightly as the casket is carried from the building. We're not going to the graveside service. It's enough that we're paying our respects here. We file out of the church, and I look into a wounded mother's eyes. "I'm so sorry for your loss," I say.

"Thank you," she replies. But it's by rote. She's dead behind the eyes, and I wonder if she'll ever find that piece of herself that she lost with her son. Ricardo Santiago was driving the car that night. He was an eighteen-year-old boy who was on his way home from the library. He was on the street and didn't see the black ice that turned the road into a skating rink. He didn't see it until he lost control of the car. He hit Logan dead-on, and the car clipped my dad's leg. Dad's on crutches with a bad sprain, but he'll heal. Ricardo died on impact when his car careened into a parked car.

I vaguely remember seeing Ricardo's mother at the hospital after the accident. I remember how they told her about his almost-instant death there in the waiting room. I remember thinking it could have been us, receiving that news. Our news didn't come until hours later. And it wasn't good.

"I'm sorry for your loss," I say to the next person in line, and I shake his hand. Ricardo's entire family is here. He had three brothers and two sisters. His father is a wealthy attorney in the city. I remember reading that much in the paper.

Matt and Paul have been shadowing me ever since this happened. They won't leave my side. When I sleep, one of them throws a blanket over me. When I wake up, one of them reminds me to eat. When I go to the bathroom, one of them stands outside the bathroom door.

There's one thing I am very certain about: my life is not complete without Logan.

Logan

There's not a place on my body that doesn't hurt. I wiggle my toe and try to lift my hand, but I can't. I blink my eyes open and stare straight ahead. It hurts too f**king much to look left or right. Shapes move in front of my face, but they're too blurry. I can't make them out. I close my eyes again and drift back into the darkness. I welcome it because where there is darkness there is no pain.

Emily

Someone shakes my arm. "Em," a soft voice says. Then more insistently, "Emily!"

I brush the noise away like cobwebs from my face, but it doesn't stop.

"Emily, wake the f**k up."

I blink my eyes open to find Matt in front of me. "He's awake," he says. He's grinning.

I brush my hair back from my forehead. "What?" I still can't think.

"He just moved, Em," Matt says. He's nearly giddy. He pulls the blanket off me and takes my hand, pulling me to my feet. "Go talk to him. I need to call Paul."

The boys have been taking turns staying with me at the hospital. Only two people can be in the room at a time, and I won't leave. Paul, Matt, and Sam don't seem to mind. They take turns going home, taking care of Hayley, and one of them is always with me.

I walk slowly to the edge of the bed and look down at Logan's prone form. "He's not awake," I say over my shoulder. But Matt is gone. I look down, and I see the tiniest flutter of Logan's lashes. "Logan!" I cry. It's stupid, I know, since he can't hear me.

I sit down on the edge of the bed and take his hand in mine. I saw his eyelids move. I look down, and his toe wiggles. His eyes are closed, though, and he's still. Too still.

A doctor runs into the room and lifts Logan's eyelids, shining a light in his face. He flinches. I see it.

"Is he going to wake up?" I ask. I hold my breath, waiting for the answer.

The doctor's mouth pinches into a thin line. "Maybe."

Maybe. That's the only word I need to hear for hope to bloom within me. I step back, out of the doctor's way. The nurse takes me by the shoulders and pushes me gently to the edge of the room.

Matt walks in again. "I called Paul and Sam. They're on the way."

I nod. I can't take my eyes off Logan. He moved. I never thought I would see him move again.

Logan suffered a terrible head injury. He had to have surgery to relieve the pressure in his brain, and he had some internal injuries, as well. He lost his spleen, and his right leg is broken. They set it, and he's in a cast. Bruises cover most of his body.

I look at Matt, and his eyes are filled with the same hope mine are. "He's going to be all right, isn't he?" I ask.

He nods and pulls me into his chest. "Of course, he is," he breathes. He bends his head and sniffs me. Then he whispers dramatically, "Now that he's waking up, do you think you could take a f**king shower? You stink."

I shove back from him. "I do not."

"You look like shit, Em," he jokes. He tousles my hair, and I don't care. I do look like shit. I lift my arm and smell myself. And I stink. I can't see Logan like this.

A few minutes later, Paul and Sam walk into the room. Paul is carrying the canvas bag that has my belongings in it.

"Thank God," Matt teases. He turns me toward the bathroom and points. "Go shower. You can't have him waking up to you looking like that."

I nod. "Okay."

Sam sniffs me as I walk by him and holds his nose.

"I don't smell that bad," I grouse.

He grimaces. "You kind of do."

"Fine!" I say. "I'll shower." I point my finger at the three of them. "Then I'll make you all sorry."

"I'll be sorry if you don't shower," Paul mumbles. But he's smiling.

I go into the bathroom and avail myself of the tiny shower in Logan's room. I don't need much, but I do need to wash off the funk accumulated by waiting in a hospital for four days. I get dressed quickly and brush out my hair. I return to find the three brothers looking down at Logan. Matt's mouth is moving in prayer, but I can't quite hear him.

"You can't pray without me," I protest. I step forward and put myself in their circle, and Matt prays for Logan. And so do I.

Logan

A strong grip jerks me from the darkness as someone tugs on my toe. Fingertips slide up my heel, and I rock my foot, trying to knock them off. Paul used to pop my toes when we were small. He would grab my ankle and hold me still while he pulled on my toes until they popped. It didn't hurt, but it was damn annoying. And it's just about as annoying now. I really like the darkness. There's no pain in the darkness.

There's a twinge in my arm, and I start to float. The pain recedes, and I feel like someone has untethered me. I blink my eyes open to see how far I've floated, and I see Emily. I open my mouth to tell her how f**king happy I am to see her. She's blurry, but I blink and blink and blink until she comes into focus. I try to speak, but I can't. My throat is dry, and there's no sound coming out. But then I remember that I'm deaf. I can't hear my own voice. Not much of it anyway, and especially not without my hearing aids. My hearing aids must be gone.

Where am I? I can't remember how I got here. But Paul and Matt and Sam are looking down at me. Sam's crying, and Paul puts his arm around him. I can read his lips. Something about it being okay to be a p**sy when your brother might die. He can cry all he wants.

Where's Pete? He must not be here. Where is here?

The darkness beckons, and I fight against it. I push and push and push, but it takes me in its greedy grip and holds on tight.

Emily

Logan hasn't woken up since his last round of pain medication. The doctors say that he should have more and more periods of lucidity as the days pass, but it has been hours since his lashes last fluttered. I am tired, so tired. And to think that I showered for this.

"You should take a nap," Sam says. It's his turn to stay with me.

"Do you think he's ever going to wake up?" I ask.

He nods his head. "I know it."

"What makes you so sure?"

He shrugs. "I just know."

I wish I felt as sure about it. "Have you talked to Pete?"

He shakes his head. "They won't let us see him. Your dad is working on it, though."

My dad has been helping with Pete's defense. He hired a criminal attorney and has paid for him to have the best representation. But that may or may not help him when they go to trial.

"Your dad's a pretty cool guy," Sam says.

I nod. "He can be. He can also be an ass."

"He's trying. That's better than nothing."

My dad is like a pit bull all of a sudden. He's loving and affectionate and playful, and yet there's a tiny little part of him that will fight to the death. And he's fighting for the Reeds. He fought for Logan, bringing in the best neurologist he could find. He fought for Pete-and is still working on that-and he's fighting for me. He comes by every day to talk. He's on crutches, but he's getting better. He has a lot of guilt where Logan is concerned.

Sam sits down and puts his feet up on the edge of the bed. He slumps in the chair and crosses his arms, closing his eyes. The room is dark, and no one is moving around. He's asleep in moments. The boys are all so tired. I look down at Logan and touch my finger to his lips. He doesn't stir. I look over at the recliner a nurse brought in just for me, and I don't want to use it. I pull the covers back and slide into bed with Logan. Pete opens his eyes and looks at me when he feels the bed shift. He shakes his head and grins. "If you try to defile him in his sleep, I'll have to tell him about it when he wakes up," he teases.

I settle my head on Logan's shoulder, careful of his wires and tubes and bruises. "Do you think he'd mind?" I ask.

Sam chuckles. "I think he'd f**king love it. Are you kidding?"

I settle against Logan's side, relaxing as I take a deep breath. I let sleep overtake me, and I dream about Logan.

Logan

I'm walking in a field of flowers. They're life-size and black haired with a blue streak down the side, and they reach out to caress my arm as I walk by. I grab for one, and it skitters out of my grasp, running away from me. I reach for another, and it does the same thing.

I stopped dreaming in words a long time ago. I only dream in sign language, but I hear a voice. "Logan," it says. It's a voice I know, and the field suddenly smells like my mom. The flowers part, and she stands there in the open space, her great, white robes billowing around her. She's not signing to me. I can hear her voice, just like I did until I was twelve. I can hear it as clear as day.

She doesn't approach me. She wraps her hands around her mouth and says, "Logan! It's time to go back." I'm supposed to come home from the park by the time the streetlights come on. If I'm not home, she'll come and find me, and I never like it when she comes to find me. It's embarrassing. So, I always make it home before the streetlights.

Until today, apparently.

I can't find the stoop for all the f**king wildflowers that stand in the way. If not for those, I'd have been home a long time ago. The flower closest to me crooks a petal at me and beckons me forward. It doesn't speak. It opens its mouth, but it doesn't have a voice. My mom does, though. She cups her hands around her mouth again. She's growing impatient. I had better hurry.

"Logan, it's time to go back!" she yells.

The flowers fade, sinking into the air like pretty, rainbow-hued cigarette smoke, until there is only one left. My mom yells for me again.

I blink my eyes and stare upward. There's a dim light above me, and machines light up on my left in time with my heartbeat. I wiggle my finger. My nose is itching, and I need to scratch it, but when I try to lift my arm, it's heavy. It's much heavier than I can ever remember it being before. I groan, struggling with the weight of it, until I pick it up. But it's unwieldy and it falls on my chest.

There's a gentle hum against my throat, and I tip my head to look down at it. It's not my blue-haired girl. I blink my eyes again. It hurts just keeping them open. I look at the form next to me again, and it's my Emily, snuggled into my side. She's just blond now.

Thank God. Of course she wouldn't be anywhere else. I force my arm up and lay my hand on the side of her face. Unfortunately, I kind of tap her cheek heavily, and she startles in my arms. She sits up and looks down at me.

"Oh my God!" she says. "Are you awake?"

I try to nod, but it hurts. "I think so," I say. But my throat is raw. She leans over and picks up a cup, lifting a straw to my mouth. I take a sip, and then she steals it from me.

"Not too much," she warns. Her eyes are filled with tears. "Are you really awake?" she asks again. She leans over and shakes Sam's leg. It's propped on the edge of my bed. He jumps in surprise and nearly falls out of the chair as he fumbles to right himself.

"Logan?" he asks, sitting forward.

Emily says something to him, and he rushes forward. He looks down at me and says on a huge exhale, "Thank you," as he looks up at the ceiling.

"What happened?" I ask.

A tear rolls down Emily's cheek, but I can tell underneath it, she's pissed at me. "You did something so stupid. And I thought you were going to die." She takes my face in her hands. "Are you really back?"

"Back from where?"

She laughs. "Wherever you've been for ten days."

Ten days? What the f**k is she talking about?

"You got hit by a car."

Memories crash into me like the car did that night. That's why I hurt. That's why I'm in this bed. "Your dad?" I ask.

"He's fine, numbnuts," Sam says.

I nod. "Good."

"If you ever do something so stupid as try to get yourself killed again, Paul's going to murder you," Sam warns. But he reaches for my hand and grips it tightly, our thumbs crossing the way they do when people shake hands. "I'm glad you're back," he says. His blue eyes, so much like mine, stare into my face. "You broke your head. And your leg." He leans forward like he wants to tell me a secret. "And I heard that you broke your dick, too. Emily's all upset about that part. She doesn't give a f**k about your leg."

Immediately, I want to check my parts. He laughs, though.

"Emily can check it out for you later."

"She really doesn't spend a lot of time down there," I say. My head is swimming from the pain meds.

Sam turns away so he can laugh. "He's pretty f**ked up," he says. Emily's face colors profusely.

"I can't believe you said that." She pokes her bottom lip out, and all I can think about is kissing her. But I can't even lift my head, much less anything else.

"Sorry," I grunt. "I hurt," I say, moving my arm.

Emily kisses my cheek. "Let me see if the nurse can bring you anything," she says. "They wanted to know when you woke up anyway. Be right back."

She walks out of the room. "That's the first time she's left you since this happened," Sam says. "Well, except for the funeral."

"What funeral?"

His face is solemn. "The boy driving the car that hit you. He died. She's been here every day except for the funeral."

For ten days, she hasn't left? "Why?"

"She wouldn't leave. I don't know. Matt had to make her take a shower," he laughs. "She was pissed for hours."

"I'd love to have seen that. I thought Matt could do no wrong when it comes to her." I moan-I'm really hurting.

"The honeymoon period is over," he says. "You can only get a pass for having cancer for so long," Sam says, like what he's saying is a fact. "Then the girls start to treat you like you're a normal a**hole again."

"Where are Matt and Paul?" I ask.

"Paul has Hayley tonight, and Matt went home to sleep."

I nod.

"Pete?"

Sam's face falls. "Still locked up."

My heart twists in my chest at his words. A nurse walks into the room, and she's carrying a needle. Thank f**king God. She smiles but she doesn't speak to me. Hearing people always worry about how much I can understand, so they avoid communicating with me unless they have to.

"Welcome back to the land of the living," she finally says. I feel a burn in my arm, and then the pain starts to ease.

My head swims, but there's one thing I need to know. I look at Sam. "Did I really break my dick?"

The sight of Sam's laughter rocks me back to sleep.

Emily

Logan drifts back to sleep within moments of waking, but I'm pretty sure he'll be back. I'm not as worried as I was before he spoke to me.

"Where are his hearing aids?" I ask Sam.

He shrugs. "Did you check his belongings?" He points toward a cabinet across the room. In it there's a bag with everything Logan had on him when the accident happened. I look through it but can't find the hearing aids.

I pick up a small silver bar. "What's this?" I ask.

Sam's face flushes. "Piercing," he mumbles, not looking me in the eyes.

"Oh," I say, and I bite back a snicker. All of Logan's jewelry is in the bag. They removed all of his piercings and stored them for him. Even the one from the base of his johnson. Goodness.

I open his wallet, just because I'm nosy. There's a charcoal drawing of me that he has in his driver's-license window, and there are a few dollars in cash in the bill compartment. There's a folded-up note, and I open it. I can't help it-the curiosity is killing me. I realize immediately that it's the note I wrote to him when I finally told him my name. Tears burn my eyes. He saved it. He had it tattooed on his butt, too, but he carries my note around like it's important to him. "There are no hearing aids in here."

"They may have been lost in the crash."

"We'll have to see about getting new ones before he needs them."

Sam blows. "Do you know how much those things cost?"

I look up. I have no idea what they cost. "A lot?"

"Like way more than we have." He growls low in his throat. "I'm tired of being f**king poor. It blows."

"Your family is rich in all the ways that my family is not," I remind him. I look at him as he swipes a frustrated hand through his hair. "Is that why Pete did what he did?"

He nods. "I think so."

"I told him not to get involved with Bone. That it would only get him in trouble." I told him that months ago, when he first started talking with the man. I hate to say I told you so, but when I do...

"I was there that night," Sam blurts out. He rubs the back of his closely shaved head.

"What night?"

"The night Pete was arrested. I was there. We were unloading the truck together."

"Oh." I don't know what more to say. "How did Pete get arrested and you didn't?"

"Pete looked up at me and told me to run. So, I ran, and Pete got caught. I'll never forgive myself." He bites his lower lip, idly tonguing his piercing. "He told me if I confess, he'd deny that I was there. Fucking moron."

"Did you tell Paul and Matt?" I don't know why that matters, but it does.

He nods. "They know." He shakes his head. "I thought Paul was going to kill me."

"What did he do?"

He kicks at a piece of imaginary dirt on the floor. "He hugged me." He shrugs. "That's all."

"Why were you messing with Bone at all?" I ask. I can't help it. Everyone knows who Bone is and what he does.

He sighs. "We wanted to be sure that we had enough money saved to pay for Matt's treatment, if he needed one again. So, we started doing odd jobs. None of it was illegal." He holds up one hand like he's testifying. "I swear it. We wouldn't have gotten involved if it was illegal."

"What kind of jobs?"

He doesn't look at me. "Delivering packages, letters. Collecting on accounts. Unloading trucks. That kind of stuff."

The stuff that was illegal as hell, and he knew it.

"Pete's paying the price." He growls and runs a hand through his hair again. "I'll never forgive myself."

"My dad is working on it," I remind him.

"Your dad's a miracle worker now?" he asks, his brow shooting up.

I laugh. "Not the last time I checked."

He gets quiet for a minute. "Hey, Em," he says. I look up at him. "I never did thank you for saving Matt's life."

I wave a breezy hand at him. "It was nothing."

His eyes narrow. "You love my brother, right?"

I look down at Logan's sleeping form. "More than anything."

"You're going to have to marry him."

I pretend to pout. "Well, if I have to..."

Sam laughs. "I'm glad he has you. I'm glad we all do."

Tears prick at the backs of my lashes, but I blink them back. Sam pulls me into a tight hug, and I don't know what do for a minute. I get this from Matt all the time but never Sam.

Sam turns away from me, and I see the tattoo on the back of his neck. I don't know why I never noticed it before. It says "Pete" in big, chunky, gothic-looking letters.

"Why do you have Pete's name tattooed on your neck?" I ask.

He grins widely. "When we were twelve, our dad still couldn't tell us apart. So, he decided to tattoo our names on our necks." He smiles even more broadly. "When he sat us down in the chair, he asked which one I was, and I said Pete. And then he put my name on Pete's neck. Our mom was so angry. You have no idea." He rubs at the back of his neck. "I kind of like it."

"I do, too."

Logan

It has been a week since I woke up. I hurt like a motherfucker for days, but it's getting better. Today, I get to go home. Emily is on the way to pick me up, and we're going to her apartment, since she has an elevator and I can't take the stairs. My leg is in a cast from the middle of my thigh to my toes. It itches like crazy, but they keep telling me not to scratch it.

The nurse helps me settle into a wheelchair. They say I can't walk out of here. I want to go home so badly. Or at least go somewhere that I can sleep in a bed with Emily. Somewhere that I can hold her close and keep her next to me. I never, ever want to let her go.

She comes out of the elevator just as we're heading toward it. She smiles, and my heart tries to take a flying leap out of my chest. I f**king love her so much. She holds the elevator door open, and the nurse pushes me past her.

Ready to go home? she asks.

I nod. It's rude to sign in front of hearing people; I know this, but I have to tell her. I can't wait to go home and take you to bed. I waggle my eyebrows at her.

She giggles. Are you well enough for that?

You might have to get on top.

Shit. I'm getting hard just thinking about it.

The nurse in the elevator with us bumps into my chair, and then I see her cough into her closed fist. Emily pats her on the back. "You okay?" she asks.

The woman nods. I think she's really laughing, but I can't tell.

A black sedan pulls up to the curb, and I see Emily's dad driving it. My gaze shoots to hers, and she smiles.

He wanted to do it, she signs.

Why?

She shrugs. Ask him.

"Logan," her dad says in greeting. His eyes meet mine, and he sticks out his hand to shake. I take it, and his grip is firm and strong. "How are you feeling?"

"Ready to go home, Mr. Madison."

"Please, call me Ralph," he says. My gut clenches, and I look toward Emily but she's stowing my belongings in the trunk. I stand up tentatively, holding onto the edge of the door. I get into the front seat because there's more room. I hop on one foot until I'm in position and then drop down into the car.

After the door is shut, the nurse who pushed me turns to me and signs, Hope you feel better soon. Shit. She can sign. I scrub a hand down my face in embarrassment, but she's laughing. Take it easy, and don't overdo it, she instructs.

I nod as heat creeps up my face. Emily just smiles and shakes her head. Busted. This is why you don't sign in front of hearing people. Aside from the fact that it's just rude.

Her dad is quiet the whole way to her house. He doesn't say a word and neither does she.

When the car stops outside Emily's apartment, he gets out and opens the door for me. I stick my hand out again. "Thank you for the ride, sir," I say.

He brushes my hand away and helps me get settled on my crutches. "I'd like to come upstairs so we can talk."

I look for Emily again, but she is in the driver's seat of the car, and she waves to me as she pulls away.

"Where is she going?" I ask.

"To run some errands and to pick up your medicine," he says.

"One of my brothers could have done that."

He waves a hand at me. "No need."

Henry, the doorman, rushes forward and helps me turn to get through the door. "So glad you're back, Logan," he says.

"Me, too," I say with a laugh.

Emily's dad smiles, and I still don't know what to do with his unexpected friendship. He's quiet in the elevator, and he doesn't speak when I take out a key and let myself into Emily's apartment. I should probably explain why I have a key, but I really don't want to.

I drop onto the couch. I'm exhausted, and I really didn't walk very far.

"Are you hurting?" he asks.

"No." I look around the room. "Where's Trip?" I expected to find him in his boxers on Emily's couch.

"He has gone back to LA," Mr. Madison admits.

He sits down opposite me on the couch and looks uncomfortable. But it's not the I-don't-know-what-to-say-to-you uncomfortable. It's more like the I'm-emotional kind of uncomfortable, which makes me not know what to do for him.

"For good?" I ask.

"Yes."

"Oh, wow." I didn't see that one coming.

"Logan, I need to apologize to you," he says. His cheeks are rosy, and he's obviously anxious.

"It's really not necessary, Mr. Madison," I begin.

He cuts me off by holding up a hand. "Ralph," he corrects. "I need to thank you," he says again. "What you did took amazing courage."

"Really," I say, trying to cut him off.

"Let me f**king finish, will you?" he asks, still smiling.

Did he just drop the f-bomb? "Have you been hanging out with my brothers?" I ask.

He chuckles. "No, but I'm from the same f**king area as you. I just forgot somewhere along the way where I came from."

I don't know what to say. I had no idea Mr. Madison had poor roots.

"I grew up dirt-poor. In a worse neighborhood than yours." He blows out a breath. "Somewhere along the way, I lost sight of what's important," he says. "My family means the world to me. Without them, I am nothing."

He grimaces as though he doesn't know what to say next.

"I'm proud that you're in my daughter's life. I couldn't be more pleased with her choice in someone to love."

"Thank you, sir," I say. I've been blindsided, and I feel like someone has flipped my world around. I didn't see this coming at all.

"I know you have plans to be with my daughter forever." He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small jewelry box. He presses it into my hands. I open it up, and there's a small diamond engagement ring inside. You would probably need a microscope to see the diamond, but that's okay. The ring is beautiful, with a lot of detailed etching around the band. It looks like an antique. "If you decide to ask her to marry you at some point, I'd like you to know you have my blessing. And you can use her grandmother's ring." He suddenly looks uncomfortable again. "Or you can use your own. I don't particularly care."

I remember what he said to me once, about buying my wife a tiny diamond and living with her in a shitty apartment. He shrugs. He remembers it, too.

"Thank you, sir." I feel like someone has stolen all my wits. "I don't know what to say."

"I'm not implying that you have to ask her anytime soon."

"I plan to ask her as soon as possible," I admit. I've been planning it since I woke up in the hospital. I don't want to be away from her for a single second. Ever.

"When you do, you have my blessing, and her mother's." He points a finger at me in warning. "I feel like you're a good man. But if you do anything that will ever break her heart, I'll have to do terrible things to you." He glares down his nose at me. "I know people." He smiles, though.

I look down at my broken leg. "Losing Emily would be punishment enough," I say. I need to tell him something. I take a deep breath. "I feel like I need to come clean on something."

His arches his eyebrows and sits forward. "Please do."

"I didn't try to push you out of the way that night. Emily was coming up behind you, and I wanted to get to her. So, I shoved you, hoping you would fall into her like dominoes." I shrug. "It worked."

He laughs, his chest filling with chuckles. "I know."

"You did?" How the hell did he know that?

"Yes, I saw the look on your face. No one is that scared over a man who has treated him like a piece of shit." He sits back and regards me, his eyes narrowing. "When you saw that car coming, you had this look that told me that you were completely in love with my daughter and that you would sacrifice yourself for her." He nods toward the ring. "That's why I gave you my blessing. Not because you saved my life."

"Oh." I probably sound like an idiot, but I don't know what to say.

"Two more things before Emily gets back." He looks anxiously toward the door. "One-when you're ready, there's an internship waiting for you at Madison Avenue in the advertising department. You're a talented artist, Logan, and I could use someone like you." He holds up a hand to stay me when my mouth falls open. "Trip admitted to me that you designed that advertising campaign. And you're very talented." He smiles, and it actually reaches his eyes. Maybe I've had too many pain meds. "You won't start at the top just because you're marrying my daughter."

I peer at him, wondering who this man is who is sitting here giving me praise. "I wouldn't expect any special treatment." Or accept any for that matter.

He looks toward the door again. "The second thing," he says. He licks his lips and then his eyes meet mine. "Do you think you could design a tattoo for me? I want something that represents my life. A tattoo that means something to me."

He wants a tat? "Did you have something in mind?" I ask.

He shakes his head and claps me on my good knee. "I know you'll come up with something perfect."

The door opens, and Emily walks into the room. I stuff the ring box down in the couch cushions.

"Give it some thought, and let me know when you're ready to do it," he says. He holds a finger in front of his mouth like he's imparting a secret.

I nod.

He kisses Emily on the cheek and walks out the door. She rushes over to my side. "What did he say to you?"

I still can't believe it. "He told me he loves me." I grin at her.

She rolls her eyes and slaps my shoulder. "Be serious."

"I am," I complain. "I'm injured. Don't beat on me." I catch her hands and pull her toward me.

She sits down next to me. "What did he say, really?" she asks.

"He said I can ask you to marry me," I say to her, pressing my forehead to hers. I kiss her quickly.

She lays a hand on her chest and inhales and exhales heavily. "What?"

I shrug. "I asked him before the accident if I could have his permission to ask you to marry me. He refused." I look toward the door he just went through. "He changed his mind." I reach into the couch cushions and pull out the box. I was going to wait for a special occasion, but I don't want to wait. I want to put a ring on her as soon as possible. I want her to be mine. All mine.

Her eyes go wide when I show her the box.

"I can't quite go down onto one knee," I say in apology.

Her eyes fill with tears, and I stuff the box back down in the cushions.

"We can do this another time," I say.

"Are you kidding?" she asks. She takes my shirt in her fists and jerks me toward her. "Ask me. Ask me. Please ask me." She's in my face, and I've never been more in love with her than I am right now. But she sits back, looks at me sheepishly, and says, "If you want to ask me, that is. You don't have to ask me if you don't want to."

I wrap my arm around her head and give her a noogie. "I don't just want to. I have to."

She looks up at me, her thoughts in as much turmoil as her hair.

"I can't live without you, dummy," I try to explain.

She grins at the term of endearment. There was a time that a word like that would have shredded her; now it's just a word. A funny one, too, because she's the opposite of dumb.

"I love you," she says. She kisses me, her tongue sweeping into my mouth, the gentle touch of it against mine making me go rock hard immediately.

"Get the box back out," she says. I can feel her grin against my lips when she goes back to kissing me.

"What box?" I ask.

"The ring. Ask me. I promise I'll say yes."

"You're so easy," I tease.

She wasn't always easy. It was damn hard loving her in the beginning, but I couldn't avoid it. She's like a piece of me that was missing all my life. I can't imagine a day without her. I reach into the cushions and pick up the box. My heart is thumping in my chest like a roofer's hammer, even though she just told me she was going to accept. I open the box, and it creaks on its hinges.

"Will you marry me?" I ask.

She takes the box and sits back, an open-mouth grin on her face. It's a mixture of awe and happiness. "I used to look at this when I was little. My dad said my rich husband would get me a big, fat rock and we'd live happily ever after. But all I ever wanted was this ring and a husband who loved me."

I tip her face up to mine with a crooked finger under her chin. "I love you." I scrunch my eyebrows together. "Did you forget to say yes?"

"I didn't forget," she tosses back at me. She sets the box on the table and gets up. "I just haven't said yes, yet." She points toward the kitchen. "Do you want something to drink? I'm thirsty." She gets up like she's going to walk away, but I grab her shirt in my fist and pull her back down. I pick up the box, take the ring out of it, and hold it up.

"Marry me, Em," I plead. "If you say yes, we can have lots of crazy sex and live happily ever after." I want to laugh, but I can't. It's not really funny. "Marry me, Em," I repeat. "Please."

She smacks me on the forehead with palm of her hand, and I'm momentarily stunned. "Of course I'll marry you," she says. She lets me slide the ring onto her finger. "I couldn't make it easy for you, dummy," she says. She settles into my side and nuzzles into that spot that's all hers. There are no secrets between us. Not anymore. And it feels so f**king good.

I kiss her. "Can we go to bed now?" I ask. It's been weeks since I've been inside her, and granted, I was unconscious for part of it, but I'm not now. And I need her more than I need air.

She knocks on the hard cast that goes all the way up to my thigh. "I have a feeling this is going to be a little unwieldy."

I shake my head. "You'll just have to get on top." I draw her across my lap and lift her shirt, caressing the smooth skin of her belly with my fingertips. She reaches to pull her shirt over her head and looks toward the door. "What?" I ask, my breath ragged.

"Someone is at the door," she says. She slumps against me and breathes hard for a moment. I pick up a pillow and jam it into my lap, cursing to myself.

When she opens the door, her parents fall into the room, followed by all my brothers.

"Welcome home!" my brothers shout.

Emily's mother picks up Emily's ringer finger and holds it up. "Did you say yes?" she asks.

"Of course I did," Emily says. My brothers come over to congratulate me, and her dad is even glowing. What's up with that?

Matt comes in with pizzas, and he sweeps Emily into a hug. He dips his face into her hair, and I imagine he's sniffing her. "You smell good," he says. She smacks him, and he laughs.

"She said yes, huh?" Paul asks as he sits down beside me. He eyes the pillow in my lap and chuckles.

You guys have terrible timing, I sign.

He tries to look innocent. It's never a terrible time for a you-just-got-engaged party. He points to the pillow and raises an eyebrow. You got the rest of your life to get laid, he signs. He heaves a sigh. I can see his chest fill with air. I'll run them all out in a little while.

Promise?

He laughs. I promise. He smiles at me though. You got the rest of your life to make love to that woman.

I look at her, and she smiles at me as she pushes her hair behind her ear. I know. And I plan to.

Sam made cupcakes, Paul signs. You want one? He pushes to his feet.

I'll eat just about anything Sam makes. Bring me two.

You going to get fat and lazy now that you're getting married?

What's your excuse? I ask. He punches my shoulder. I wince because I'm still sore. Paul looks into my eyes. You did good picking that one, he signs, nodding toward Emily.

Well, if you ever meet a girl who punches you in the f**king nose when you meet her, marry her, I tell him. He laughs and goes to get a cupcake. I rub the bridge of my nose and think back. I reach for the napkin on the table and start to doodle the tattoo I'll put on her dad.

I'm thinking he needs a street sign where Madison Avenue and Family converge. Family will be at the top and much more prominent. Madison Avenue will be all glitzed up with lights and baubles while Family will look comfortable and pleasant. Maybe with some filigree and antique markings. Madison Avenue, despite all its wealth, will look poor in comparison. I don't know how I'll do it yet, but I'll figure it out. At the bottom, I'll write the words he said to me when he asked for the tattoo: My family means the world to me. Without them, I am nothing.

I might have those words put across my ribs because they fit me, too.

Emily

I close the door behind the family. Logan looks tired. It hasn't been long since his accident, and he's still recovering. I actually let them stay way too long.

"You need some pain meds?" I ask.

He shakes his head and motions me forward. "Not yet," he says as he pulls me down to sit on his good knee. He has the other propped on the coffee table. He winces as he moves, though. He's hurting. I can tell. He lifts the edge of my shirt so he can slip his hand beneath it to lie against my skin. His head falls back on the edge of the couch, and he looks at me through half-closed blue eyes that simmer.

Goodness, he's handsome. And he's all mine.

His hand tracks up under my shirt until he hefts the weight of my breast in his hand. His thumb swipes across my nipple, and it shoots straight to the center of me.

"Logan," I protest mildly. "You're not well enough for fooling around." I cover his hand with mine and press down. But the heat of his hand seeps through my shirt. I arch my back pressing closer to him. I can't help it. He's Logan.

He leans me back so that I'm snuggled in the crook of his arm, lying across his lap. He tugs my shirt up above my br**sts and looks down at me, licking his lips. He flicks the front opening of my bra and bends his head to take my nipple into his mouth.

I am swaddled in him as his tongue has its wicked way with me. My breath catches, and I can't keep from squirming in his lap. He chuckles, and it's a breathy sound. "Don't worry. I'll take care of you," he says.

With a flip of his wrist, he unbuttons my jeans and lowers the zipper. He looks into my eyes as he slides his hand in the front of my panties. He glides across my heat and goes straight for my clit. His hand is hampered by the tightness of my jeans, and he moves in small, tight circles. I need more than that. "Let's go to bed," I say.

"Thought you'd never ask," he says with a laugh. I help him to his feet and put his crutches under him, and he hobbles slowly toward the bedroom.

"Are you sure you don't need pain medication?" I ask. He looks tired around his eyes.

He shakes his head, leans his crutches against the bed, and shoves his gym shorts and his boxers down to his knees. I walk over and pull off his shoe, then roll his sock down. It takes a minute to get his shorts over his cast, but I do it. He's rock hard, and his manhood bobs in my face.

"You know, when you woke up, you were pretty drugged up, and you mentioned to Sam that I don't spend enough time down here." I take him in my hand and look up at him.

"I did?" he chokes out. He pushes into my grip. "I didn't mean to. I never talk about stuff that personal with them." He tips my chin up. "You believe me, don't you?"

I nod. I lick across the purple head of him. My body is ready for him. It has been too long since he's been inside me, but I want to do this for him. He makes a noise low in his throat when I take the tip of his manhood into my mouth. I swirl my tongue around it, and he pushes into my mouth. I look into his blue eyes, and he swears.

I let go of his dick with a loud pop when he picks me up and tosses me onto the bed. I sputter, but he doesn't say a word. He rolls onto his side and arranges me so that my bottom is braced by the fronts of his thighs and my calves are over him. Then he slides inside me slowly and deeply. He stretches me, and I feel the slight sting of not having been with him in so long.

His movements are slow and unhurried as he pushes and retreats with the tiniest rocking motion of his hips. Logan sits up on his bent arm so he can look down at me. His fingertips tug my n**ples, and I don't care that I'm lying here with Logan and he's inside me and I'm completely exposed and he's watching me as I enjoy every second.

"I can't last very long," he warns.

"Don't wait for me," I insist. "I don't have to come."

He snorts, though it's more of a snuffly sound. "You do have to come." He slides his hands down to my cleft and between my lips, dipping his finger down and pulling back the essence that is us to slicken my clit. He rubs in tight little circles while he pumps into me slowly. I draw my lower lip between my teeth and open my eyes to find Logan staring into my face. God, he's so pretty.

"You do have to come," he repeats, and his words make my insides clench. I'm close. I'm so close. I ride his dick, rising and falling as he pulses inside me, and I let my legs fall open wider over his thighs. He uses the tips of all his fingers to rub my center, and we find a rhythm I like.

"Come on my dick, Em," he pleads. And it finally pushes me over the top. I break, wracked by my orgasm. I feel like I'm going to come apart, but then his fingers slow and he brings me down, quake by tiny quake, until he pushes inside me one last time and grunts, spilling himself inside me as he comes, soaking me with the most intimate part of him.

I lie there draped over his body, nak*d, trying to catch my breath. He pulls out of me slowly, shivering as he does so. "I'm afraid you're a mess," he tells me. He reaches for his crutches to pull himself up. "Let me get you a towel."

I jump up and scramble across the bed, snatching his crutches from his hand. He growls and reaches for them. I put them across the room so he can't get up. "Stay right there," I say, pointing my finger at him.

He laughs and pulls his shirt over his head. He never got fully undressed. "Can we take a nap?" he asks.

I go to the bathroom and clean myself up and then pad back into the room with a cloth wet with warm water. I pass it to him, and he cleans himself off and lies back on the bed, one arm behind his head so he can look at me. I'm bare-ass nak*d, and I don't care.

"I was going crazy waiting for them to leave," he admits. He scrubs his hands into his eyes. He looks like he's ready to drop.

"I was, too." I go get him a pain pill and some water, and I watch while he takes it. "Do you want something to eat?" I ask.

He shakes his head, yawning. "Want to take a nap with me?" He looks at me, and his love for me shines back in my face. I never thought I would ever feel this happy.

I climb into the bed and roll into his chest, into that space that's made just for me. We both have a ton of schoolwork to catch up on, but our instructors were accommodating when I told them what happened, particularly in Logan's situation. I've been taping my lectures, which I would do anyway, and I have been listening to them as I have time. He's much further behind than I am. "You have homework to do when you wake up," I warn. I snuggle into him.

"I plan to do a lot of things when I wake up," he says, yawning again. He chuckles.

"Such as?" I ask.

"You." He laughs and squeezes me tightly.

He lifts my arm and kisses the tattoo on my inner wrist. I look down at the tat that started it all. He set me free when he unlocked my world. He's the peace in my soul. He's the one who opened my shackles, and I'll love him forever.

"Promises, promises," I mutter. I close my eyes and fall asleep to the beat of his heart.

