CHAPTER 1

The sky is clear except for a few white glittering stars. They're hung high out of reach, impossibly beautiful and distant. The air has that crisp fall scent, and I know there will be frost tonight. Dad would have covered his plants with plastic to get a few more weeks from their fragile lives. The tarp is in the basement, still folded, where he kept it. The pansies will freeze and fade. This is their last night in this house, as it is mine.

Pushing the swing on the back porch with the tip of my foot, I start it swaying again. Life is so fleeting, so meaningless. The hole that's swallowing me is relentless. I thought I'd cry more, but I haven't even been able to do that. The tears won't fall. Neil says it's because my father's death hasn't hit me yet, but it has. The weight of his loss presses so hard on my shoulders that I can't lift my face from the dirt. For all those years, it was just the two of us. He was always there for me. He saved me from incomprehensible misery and now that he's gone, I find myself back in the shadows, unable to escape.

My eyes sweep over the wooden fence, taking in the rotten boards. Things were tight and I knew Dad sacrificed for me, but I had no idea how much until now. My college bills, my car, and all the things I needed were paid for without a blink, but I never stopped to wonder where the money came from. Dad worked hard, so I assumed it was enough.

I was wrong.

There hadn't been enough for a long time, and I had no idea. He never said anything. When I came home from classes at the end of the day, he'd hand me a twenty and tell me to be a kid and go have fun. He said stuff like that all the time. It makes me wonder if he knew what was coming, but there's no way he foresaw this.

When I came home from class last week, I found him in the yard, face-down in a pile of leaves. My throat tightens and I push away the memory. It's not something that I ever want to see again, but the recollection lights up over and over again in my mind. My senses are overloaded. I can still feel Dad's cold skin and the weight of his lifeless body as I rolled him over. The texture of his tattered flannel jacket is still on my fingertips. The sound of my strangled voice crying out his name over and over again still rings in my ears. It's been a long time since I felt so afraid.

For the first time in a long time, I am alone.

My phone is on the wooden swing and chirps next to me. I don't feel like talking. Silence has encased me in a tomb of misery since that day. Neil stood next to me and held my hand until hours blurred into days. He didn't want to leave me here alone tonight, but I insisted. It's my last night in this house. I'll never step over the threshold again. I'll never catch the scent of my father's aftershave in his little bathroom. All the memories will be lost and it will be like he never existed.

There's no grave in which to lay his body, no stone to mark his plot. Those were things I couldn't afford. It kills me to leave him in the morgue, and let them have him, but I don't know what to do. There's not enough money to change anything, so when I found out the mortgage also needed to be brought up to date or they'd foreclose, I collapsed. It was too much. I understand Neil's concern and he's been a good friend, but there are some things a person has to face alone.

This last night in my house is one of them. It's my only chance to really know and hear that Dad's gone. He won't walk down the hall and I won't hear his footfalls on the stairs. It's just me now.

Neil's text beeps a second time and I finally flick the screen to life. Are you all right?

No, of course not, but that doesn't change my answer. Yes, I'm fine. That's what people say when they're in despair so deep that there are no words. They pretend to be all right and hope to God that one day, they will be. The fantasy that there is a day somewhere ahead of me where everything will be fine keeps me breathing.

Call me if you want me to come over. Love you, babe.

Neil is great, but I have to do this on my own. Saying goodbye isn't something he can do. Besides, I can't crumble into his arms and fall to pieces. For one, Neil is in graduate school working on his shrink degree. He won't let me fall to pieces. Losing control is bad for the soul, he would say. I don't know if I agree with him, but right now it feels safer to sit in my somber cocoon and stare at the ailing lawn. I want to soak in every last detail and say goodbye before I'm thrown out in the morning.

When the chill in the air bites through my pajamas, I pad across the crunchy grass and head inside. My laptop is on the kitchen table where I left it. The screen glows dimly and I stare at my story. For the past few nights I poured my heart into this computer. I don't really know what I wrote or why I wrote it. The things in this story aren't recent. They're from a former life where I was happy, loved, and safe. I relive those nights, the ones I spent in Bryan Ferro's arms, doing things that Neil would never condone. As I write, I find that love has two faces, passion and companionship. The long lost days are filled with silly stories of things I remembered doing with my Dad-learning to drive and running over a Canadian goose. They're the things that float to the top of my head, so I write them down without thought, without judgment.

It was my life, and now it's not.

The story floods and overflows from one page to the next, shifting between joy and agony, pain and pleasure. Sunlight and darkness mingle, fracturing the foundation of my life. They spill out of me like a living thing that needs to escape. I can't contain it. The words block the pain that pierces my heart and drowns out the sorrow that never ends. I find solace lost in a world of memories, in a world that's no longer real.

I scroll to the bottom of the document and start writing. This is the end. The daydream will shatter after tonight and the morning will bring the reality of my life. I'm homeless. Neil is the only person who's offered me help, so I took him up on it. His face lit up when he asked me to move in with him and I said yes. But tonight, I'm lost in the past, writing about things that happened long ago. Grief pours from me in waves until I type the final word, but it isn't enough. The gut-wrenching pain that is at the center of my chest doesn't ease. I still feel it there, twisting and pulling like a demon is trying to suck my soul from my body.

My eyes can barely focus anymore. I rub them with the back of my hand and pull up the website I was looking at the other day. Confession is good for the soul and since my spirit feels like it's dying, I want to try it. Anything that will ease my agony is worth the risk. Every last part of me is drowning in pain and this little act could give me a handhold on reality. Maybe it's living in the past, or maybe it's because I know these things were real and it anchors me. The words do something, they mean something. The letters aren't something static, stuck on a page. They live and breathe. I don't know how to explain it and I can't verbalize what compels me, but I want to do it.

Staring at the screen, I wonder if I do it-if I hit publish-what trouble will this bring? It's silly to even think anyone will see my story. Odds are that it will fall into the vast wasteland of ebooks that no one ever finds, so what am I afraid of? There's no one to pass judgment on me, and if one person reads it-isn't that what I want? The confession? Maybe I should be talking to a priest and not pouring my tormented soul onto the internet. My finger hovers above the ENTER key. Neil would condemn me for this. I know he would, but this isn't for him. It's for me, and sometimes the only way to move forward is to take a good look back and see where you've been. God knows I've been through enough turbulence that I can endure this, but it doesn't feel like it right now. When the Sheriff arrives in the morning, I don't know how I'll manage to walk away.

My throat tightens as I mash my lips together and the ache at the center of my chest throbs. Inhaling slowly, I close my eyes and picture my Dad's face. I think about what he'd say. When I look at the screen again, I know what I'm going to do. Tapping the button on the mouse, I click publish.

CHAPTER 2

Pieces of my past tangle together inside my mind. Emotions, memories, and thoughts pass behind my eyes during the day and wait until night to unravel. Feeling frayed doesn't even begin to describe how I feel. It's as if a black hole opened up and swallowed my entire life. Suddenly, everything is uprooted and destroyed. There's nothing I can do, there's no way to change it. And the cruelest part is that I was spared. There's no family to comfort me, no mother to hold me.

Until now, it was just me and Dad, and I was fine with that. Actually, I loved it. I'd come home after class and talk about my day. He'd have dinner on the table and we'd laugh. Some people don't get along with their father, but I got along with mine. Maybe because it was just the two of us for so long. His attention was always undivided, singularly focused on me.

There's only been one other person in my life who treated me like that, but I lost him. Bryan Ferro was every father's nightmare, and every girl's fantasy. He was a bad boy to the core with a soft spot for me. That's another piece of my past that I'll never get back. But that's the past, and this is now.

Neil is my boyfriend and he cares about me. We've been together for a long time, long enough for him to know my quirks and not care that I'm a little bit nuts. The way I see it, we're all a little bit crazy, and that's what makes life interesting. Neil agrees, but it makes his life interesting because he wants to fix their broken brains. Me, I'm not like that. I see the things that he wants to fix as patina, a wonderful glaze of cray cray over an otherwise boring sculpture.

We're at opposite ends of the spectrum, Neil and I, but that's okay because we both care about each other.

Neil opens a container of my things and looks inside. There are small piles of boxes, stacked up like a fort in the bedroom. Considering it's a lifetime of clothing and objects, there isn't very much. Since I tried to keep the house, I sold off anything of value. It killed me, but the reward was worth it. I'd get to keep a roof over my head and my father's house. The memories would still be there for me while I mourned my Dad's loss. I'd have a chance to go through his things when I was ready, but that's not how things played out. There was too much debt, too many people that he owed too much money to, and nearly every dime went to my education, which is on hold until I figure out what to do.

"Unpacking would be a good start," Neil offers and holds up one of my shirts. His sandy hair is brushed to the side and he's wearing a polo shirt with a pair of khakis. He's always dressed like an old guy. Think casual Friday at some firm, and that's Neil's go-to outfit. I thought he slept in those perfectly pressed pants until I moved in. It turns out that Neil is a jammies man.

"You'll get over this, Hallie." Over is the wrong word. I'll get through this, but I'll never get over it. Neil doesn't understand how I feel or what's going through my head right now. Experiencing loss and reading about it are two different things.

I nod because my words will be too sharp and he's trying to be kind to me. I see it in his eyes. "I'll unpack, Neil. I just don't feel like it right now." My butt has been glued to this recliner for the past seven days. I don't watch television, play on my phone, tweet, or do anything except stare out the window. I need down time, away from everything and everyone. It makes my life more bearable.

Neil sighs and shakes his head. "I wish I could make you happy."

"You do." The lack of emotion in my voice is noticeable, even though I try to convey some. I just don't have it in me right now.

Neil shakes his head, and walks over to the recliner where I'm sitting. He crouches before me and tilts his head to catch my eye. My gaze had been unfocused, staring at the wall, until he did that. "It's been a week and you've barely moved from this chair."

"I know." But I haven't cried or completely lost my mind. I want to tell him that, but I don't because he'll know that I'm a lot more banged up inside than he thinks.

"Hallie, I bought you something. I wasn't going to say anything until we got there, but I know how much it matters to you." Neil looks awkward as he says it, his dark eyes shifting away from mine.

What could he possibly buy me? I don't want anything that's remotely attainable and Neil's strapped, so it's not like he could go throw around his millions and fix everything. He has enough to keep his head above water and that's about it.

"Oh?" I try to be polite.

He nods and smiles up at me, taking both my hands in his. "Yes, it's kind of an odd gift, but I know how much it matters to you, so I bought a plot at the cemetery. I know you wanted a grave for your father. They transferred the body already and finished the headstone today. He should be there now, if you want to go and look."

"Is that why his ashes weren't ready?" I sniff once, hard.

He nods. "Yeah, baby. I thought you needed a place to mourn."

The corners of my lips pull up and falter. "I don't know how to react. I wanted..." my voice quivers and I snap my mouth shut. Neil nods like he knows. I lean forward and throw my arms around him.

He got me out of the chair.

CHAPTER 3

On the way to the cemetery, Neil turns on talk radio. He listens to weird stuff-well, stations that I think are weird (nonstop POTUS anyone?)-and right then it's women's programming. They're discussing some new book that they couldn't get enough of. It's evocative and filled with steamy sex, enough to curl the announcer's toes, or so she says.

Neil reaches forward and turns it off. "Great. More literary trash. Just what the world needs."

I nod absentmindedly and draw lines on the steamy window, which is probably driving Neil nuts, but he doesn't say anything. The sky looks like it's about to open up. Big gray clouds completely block the sun and there are no blue scraps of sky showing. It's getting dark, fast. Neil leans forward toward the windshield. "This trip might have to be a quick one, Hallie."

I nod slowly as the car turns into the cemetery. The grass is bright green and seems to go on forever. There are too many perfectly straight rows to count. Alphanumeric codes are nailed onto trees on little plastic squares, directing us through the mass of graves and around to the newer section in the back.

Neil stops next to a headstone with my last name spelled out in large letters: RAYMOND.

My stomach sinks. Seeing your last name on a tombstone does things to a person. Normal people don't think about their mortality or death, but seeing something like that makes you ponder it. Add in the freshly turned earth and I feel sick. Mentally, I scold myself. This is what I wanted for Dad. I wanted to lay him to rest here, but I couldn't afford it. Neil has given the most generous gift imaginable and I'm afraid to get out of the car. I take a deep breath, worried that Neil is going to rush me, but he says nothing. After turning off the engine, he pockets his keys and waits for me.

My phone chimes with Maggie's ringtone. Maggie Chichilad is my best friend, and has been trying to get a hold of me all day. For the past week, she's tried to take me out every night and every night I've declined. I can't bear to talk to her now, so I get out and slam the door behind me to seal in the sound.

One thing at a time Hallie. You can do this.

Although I walk next to Neil, I feel alone. It doesn't matter that we've been dating for years or that he knows me inside out. Everyone handles death alone. A shoulder to cry on is nice once I accept the inevitable, but I don't want to accept this. I can't believe Dad is gone. Every day passes like the one before, with me sitting on that chair, hoping that this whole thing was just some horrible mistake. No, Hallie, that wasn't your dad on the lawn, he's fine. We all laugh and go inside the house that he still owns. I still have a place to rest my head. My memories still echo in the halls of that house, loud and clear, because I have a home if only in my mind.

So I sit and stare at nothing, day after day, waiting to understand a divine joke that I cannot possibly perceive, because no matter what the truth is, it's too hard to accept. There's no way that Dad would have left me like this, not after everything I'd been through before he adopted me. Ghosts from that time of my life had fallen silent, but now they're stretching their claws and crawling out from between every mental crevice in my mind. The past and the present blur together in a wash of apathy and agony. Numbness consumes me until I don't feel anything at all.

So it surprises me that my nose registers the crisp air and that my skin feels the slick wet drops that fall from the frozen heavens and splatter on my cheeks. As I step toward the fresh grave, I wish that we could have given him a burial, that I could have saved him from being abandoned and forgotten. But I couldn't. And if it weren't for Neil, Dad wouldn't be here at all.

Reaching for Neil's hand, I tangle our fingers together and swallow the lump in my throat. "I'll pay you back for this." I know how much it cost, how much he spent. Before this happened, I thought funerals were a part of life, that everyone had one. It wasn't until I was the only surviving heir that I learned the reality of the situation.

Neil squeezes my hand. I feel his eyes on the side of my face. "Don't even think about that, Hallie. I wish I could have done more, but this wiped me out. We're going to be eating hot dogs for a while."

"I'd eat dirt if I had to."

"Well that's good, because there's probably a lot of dirt in the cheap wieners." He leans in and kisses me on the cheek. "I'll give you a minute. Come back to the car when you're ready." Neil walks away, leaving me staring at my father's new home.

The wind picks up and blows the little jagged crystals of precipitation harder. Each drop feels like a tiny razor as it hits my skin. I have no idea how long I stand there. It feels too long, but not hardly long enough. I stare at Dad's headstone and try to accept that this is where he'll be from now on. I've not given much thought to an afterlife, but even if there is one, it still means that I'm here by myself for a while. I shudder and hold my arms around my middle, hoping that Dad isn't really in the cold ground, all alone. I couldn't bear that, and yet, I have to.

His voice echoes in my ears like a distant song. He'd tell me not to stand here and weep. He'd tell me things that would make me smile and tell me that we could get through anything. And that's the problem-the eradication of 'we.' With him, nothing could stop me. I planned to take the world by storm and achieve awesome things. But on my own, I have no idea how weak I am or how fast I will fade into nothing.

At that moment, I have no future. There's no picture of the life ahead of me or what I will become. My future has been wiped clean and I have to begin again.

CHAPTER 4

I lay next to Neil, facing away from him. We haven't been together since before the funeral. Sex doesn't sound appealing right now, and I don't really care why I feel that way. My assumption has been that I'll feel like it when I'm ready.

Neil hasn't pressured me, but I know things can't stay like this. He scoots up behind me in the bed, pressing his body against mine, and whispers in my ear, "It's Friday."

Friday is our sex day. Neither of us has to be anywhere in the morning and so it was dubbed as the most logical day of the week to be together. It's not romantic, but I don't mind. Actually, I had liked that it was time for just the two of us, no matter what was going on. Since Neil likes to plan everything, it's a double bonus for him. Sometimes he plans things, little romantic gestures, and I can tell that he's been thinking about being with me for days. It's sweet, really. Maybe it's a little OCD, but since I tend to fly by the seat of my pants, it works. Neil brings order to my chaos.

His breath hits my ear in a warm wave. "I don't want to pressure you, but sometimes the best way to get on with life is to resume your regular activities. We could try it, Hallie." He strokes the hair away from my face so he can see me better.

I don't feel like being with him right now, but I don't really feel anything. Maybe it's not a bad idea. Relationships are give and take, and besides, I can't leave Neil alone forever. He was there for me and I need to be there for him.

Saying nothing, I roll over to face him. It's nonverbal permission for him to proceed. Neil strips me silently, but I feel more like a patient than his lover. He says sweet things as his hands rove over my body and he covers me in kisses, before settling between my legs. Rocking slowly, Neil does what he always does.

My body responds, I'm wet, but I don't feel anything. I know he's there and touching me. The sensation of his hands on my bare skin registers, but that's all it does. So, I stare blankly and look away, wishing that I could lose myself and become so overrun with lusty thoughts that my mind would pull out of this eternal nosedive.

Although Neil does the right things, and touches the right places, my body doesn't flare to life. It's not enough to pull my mind back from the dark places that consume my soul. Neil's body is slick as he develops a rhythm, slamming into me over and over again, finally tensing as he comes. I hold onto him tight and stare into the darkness, wondering if he can pull me back from the abyss.

I'm sinking, I can't feel anything, and I know that it's getting worse. Apathy is taking hold and I can't shake it off. Neil kisses my cheek and gets up from the bed. A second later the shower turns on. He'll expect me to join him, but I don't move.

I lay there feeling the same as before-nothing.

CHAPTER 5

Sleep doesn't come easily, but when it does I'm sucked into the past. Bryan's strong arms are around me, his voice whispers sweetly in my ear as he does things to me that make me forget myself. Those hot lips press a trail of kisses down the back of my neck. His voice isn't an echo, it's real. For a few hours I'm lost in the past, doing things that I haven't done since. Bryan's mouth is hot and moist, making my body rage with lust.

"Tell me what you want, Hallie. Say it." Bryan's breaths are hot and heavy in my ear. He has me pinned to my bed with his hands holding down my wrists. He presses his mouth to the spot on my back that makes my h*ps move on their own. Gasping, I moan his name, and tell him. I say words that I've never said since.

I feel Bryan's smile on my skin, as he holds me down, pressing my br**sts into the mattress. Releasing my wrists, he uses his body to hold me still and reaches around and touches between my legs, stroking me until my bottom is writhing wildly on the bed, demanding more. I'm a mess of nerves and lust, wanting to be touched, wanting him inside of me. I beg him, saying his name over and over again.

I wake up gasping and clutching the sheets in my fists. My body is covered in sweat and for a second, I'm horrified. I press my eyes shut and cover my face with my arm. It was only a dream. My mind is stuck in the past, even Neil couldn't fault me for that, but it doesn't make me feel better. These dreams resurface at the strangest times, and they're making me feel guilty.

Sitting up, I rub my face and reach for my phone. There're a ton of missed calls and messages. I've gotten into the habit of not answering my phone. Most are from Maggie, but there's one from a number that I don't recognize. Pulling my knees into my chest, I listen to the message.

"Hello, this is Cecily Varden from Varden Agency in New York. I'd like to speak with you about representation. Please call me at your earliest convenience."

I pull the phone away from my head and stare at it. What the hell was that about? She must have gotten the wrong number. I don't think twice about it. No New York City agent would be calling me. The thought is laughable. I roll out of bed and pad to the bathroom. I have to face the day sometime and I refuse to sit in the recliner again. Maggie's texts about big-ass-itis made me laugh, but in the back of my mind, I wonder if it's true. Either way, I'll switch to some form of mourning that won't increase my jean size. Like running, or walking a little faster than leisurely. That sounds better.

After brushing my teeth and pulling my hair into a ponytail, I head to the kitchen. The scent of cinnamon hits me hard and my stomach churns.

"Good morning, Sleeping Beauty." Neil gives me a peck on the cheek. He says it like I've been snoozing a lot, which is totally wrong. I never sleep anymore. I just close my eyes and lay there.

"Hey," I say and look for the source of the heavenly smell. "Are those cinnamon rolls?"

"Damn straight," Maggie says and steps into the room with a bakery box on her hip. Neil rolls his eyes. He doesn't like her very much. Something about Maggie being a bad influence and all that. "Do I know you or what?"

I offer a weak smile. "Which bakery?"

"Psh, AandG. Like I'd get you stuff from anywhere else. Please." Maggie sits down at the little table at the same time as I do, and shoves the box my way. "I didn't know what you were in the mood for, so I got all of your favorite things."

I open the lid and get treated to the scent of powdered sugar, yeast, and cinnamon. It's a box filled with my favorite confections. I lift out a little round ball of dough that's wrapped in plastic. "You got me a bump of dough?" I can't help but smile. The woman bought me raw pizza dough and threw it in the box with cookies and cinnamon rolls.

"Yeah. We're going to eat everything in that box and then make some sausage bread, the kind your dad used to make. You'll probably cry and then laugh, because the first time we made it, well, you remember..."

"Yeah, even the dog wouldn't eat it."

"Yup, there was that." Maggie smiles at me and doesn't say anything for a few moments. "So, when were you going to tell me?"

I glance at Neil and get no reaction from him. "Tell you what?"

"Tell you what?" She mocks and cocks her head at me. "Like you don't know. Funny, Hallie. Come on, I thought you told me everything, but I had no idea!" Maggie is all smiles and reaches across the table to touch my hand like I should know what she's talking about, but I don't.

I glance up at Neil. "A little help? What the heck is she talking about?" My mouth opens and I take a big bite of a cinnamon muffin, and instantly wish I had a glass of milk.

Neil rolls his eyes. "Some tawdry woman with your name wrote a romance book." He gestures to Maggie while standing next to me. "She thinks you did it."

I choke and drop the muffin. "What?" No, no no. It's not possible.

Maggie reads me better than Neil. Her suspicions are confirmed, but Neil still doesn't know. Winking at me, Maggie amends her statement. "Okay, fine. I guess not, but that would have been cool. I almost knew a celebrity." She changes the subject until Neil leaves the room a few moments later. Maggie is Neil repellent, so it never takes very long. He lingers long enough to eat a chocolate cigar and then says he has to run errands and disappears.

It isn't until his car starts outside that Maggie gives me a candid look. "So, spill."

My heart is racing way too fast. There is no way in Hell that they're talking about my book, but that would explain the agent's call this morning, and I did write a really raunchy book. A chill works its way down my spine, until I can barely keep my butt in the chair. Glancing over at her out of the corner of my eye, I say, "It can't be mine."

"When did you write a book?"

Screw that! What the hell were the odds that anyone would even find it, never mind read it? Like one in a zillion. A few days after I posted the book, it helped me feel better, but it certainly didn't have the effect I hoped for-I needed something cathartic, to mark the end of one life and the beginning of the next-so I left the story there, floating in the abyss. I never expected anyone to actually read it.

I jump up from my chair and open my laptop. Maggie watches over my shoulder as I pull up the account. No one finds books on here. There are literally millions of stories, poems, and an endless array of writers who are way more talented than me. My book should have been buried at the bottom, and never seen by anyone. But when the screen loads, I see it. The stats are in front of my face, but I still can't believe it. "Oh. My. God."

Maggie is standing next to me with her arms folded over her chest. Her eyes grow wide before she finally blinks. "I take it that you didn't tell anyone? Because Neil is going to fall out of his ivory tower when he realizes that this slutty author is you."

I glance at Maggie with panic in my eyes. "I can't tell him. Maggie-it's not even about him."

She smiles at me, knowingly. "I figured that. He's too uptight to do kinky stuff like that." She sits next to me.

My face flames red and I look away. "You read it?"

She laughs and sits down in her chair, opposite me again. "Hallie, everyone's read it. It's been all over the place. All the talk shows are gushing about it. It's so sexy, so heartfelt, so emotional. It's like crack. People can't get enough. And it looks like millions of people have read it already according to the stats over there." She leans across and points at the screen.

"Maggie, how do I hide this from Neil? I can't tell him that I wrote this. You know he's going to freak out. The whole damn book is about losing control. He'll think I'm the poster child for evil." I'm close to hyperventilating, but it's because of so much more. It's not just about losing control of emotions and my life, it's the sexual acts described in there that will have him irate. I'm glad I held back and didn't write about everything Bryan and I did back then, but it doesn't matter-not to Neil. He's going to stroke out.

Maggie doesn't know about my relationship with Bryan. No one does. It's a secret that I've kept for this long and I'm not telling people now. Bryan had so much pressure on him from his family and I didn't want the scrutiny. Our relationship burned hot and fast. Passion like that isn't sustainable, or at least that's what I tell myself when I think of him. We parted ways after a heated argument.

If Neil finds out, it'll crush him, and make me look like one of those brainless Ferro-wife wannabes. That family brings a shitload of trouble with them. Up until now, no one has figured it out. Blinking rapidly, I look away from her. "Neil can't think, he can't-"

"Hallie," she tips her head to the side, like she can tell that I'm not telling her something. A sympathetic look crosses her face. "You can't hide this part of you from him, and you shouldn't have to."

"I'm not hiding. The woman in that book, well, she isn't me anymore." Those kind of desires don't dictate my actions the way they did in the past.

Things with Bryan were scorching hot, but it's impossible to live that way. When passion dominates reason, well, what kind of person does that? Besides, Neil's views on sex are more comfortable, more accepted. No one would look at me weird for saying I like missionary position, but some of the things I did with Bryan-some of the things in that book-oh God. What the hell made someone read it? At least I had enough wits about me to change his name. Now, the only person who knows it's about Bryan Ferro is me, and well, Bryan, assuming he reads smutty chick books posted on Padpress, a free site filled with mostly fan fiction.

Mag bumps me with her elbow, pulling me out of my thoughts. "When did you do those things? It seems so strange. I mean, you're so sweet and pretty. I'm the freaky one and I would have never thought-"

I cut her off. "Maggie, please. I have a good thing with Neil. I can't lose him. I can't..." I choke on the last word.

Maggie scoots her chair closer to mine and smiles at me. "I'm not saying a thing and don't worry. You won't lose him, sweetie. This is what you do. Tell him that it's fiction, totally made up and that the mind wanders down weird paths when it's distressed. He'll write it off."

"Are you sure?" As I look into her big green eyes, I see so much. A lifetime of giggles and tears. She's always been there for me and if her life wasn't such a train wreck, she would have been there when Dad died. She would have let me cry on her shoulder, but things didn't turn out that way.

"Yeah, as long as he doesn't know that you're writing about something that really happened, you're fine. Knowing Neil, he'll grumble, but it'll blow over. Besides, he has it good with you. He won't want to lose you over something like this."

Looking at my hands, I shake my head, but I'm not so sure. We're very different and this is one of those times that it becomes glaringly obvious. "No, he doesn't. If anything, Neil has the short end of the stick. I've got nothing. I don't know why he's still with me."

"Are you kidding? That bastard is lucky to have you. You're awesome, and someone worth keeping will be there for you whether it rains shit or daisies." Mag is a colorful person. She's dressed like a giant crayon with bright red hair, a black corset and skirt, with rainbow stockings coupled with black shitkickers. There's a new blue strip of hair that keeps falling in her eyes. She blows it back with her lips and spits on me a little. Covering her mouth with her hand, her eyes go wide. "Ohmygawd. I'm so sorry!"

Smiling softly, I wipe my face off. "You are so eloquent."

"One of us has to be." She grins wildly and leans in, waggling her eyebrows. "So, who was this mystery guy?"

CHAPTER 6

"So, let me get this straight," Neil has his palms pressed together like he's trying not to lash out and scream at me. "You wrote a sex book and published it, because you were upset that your father died. Is that what you're telling me?" Neil's tone drips with condescension. He stands suddenly, unable to look at me. "I'd expect this kind of thing from Maggie, but not you."

"What kind of thing, Neil? Cathartic writing?" I can't look at him, but I don't like the way he's talking to me.

"Which part was cathartic, Hallie? Graphic details of going down on some guy, or bending over and getting nailed from behind?"

I tense all over when he speaks to me this way. It's like a verbal slap. "I did what I needed to do to deal with the shitload of crap that came rolling my way. If you can't deal with it, then maybe this is a bad idea." I gesture between us and glance at the door. I can't go to Maggie's, but I can't stay here with Neil looking down his nose at me. He thinks he has everything completely figured out, and maybe he does, but I'm not apologizing for one of the only times in my life that I was truly happy.

Less defensive, Hallie. The stuff in the book didn't happen. I chant the lie inside my head over and over again, and try not to react.

"If I can't deal with it? Did you really just say that? What have I been telling you since this happened? You need to talk to someone! I told you that you can talk to me, but you didn't do that. Instead you wrote a horribly filthy thing and never said a word. People are talking about it, Hallie, and do you know what they think? They're saying it's about us!" Neil's voice is an entire squeaky octave higher when he's done speaking. His hands are flying through the air like he's a ninja leading an orchestra. "Us!"

"Who cares what people say? You're the one who's always saying that, so-" The phone rings and I so don't want to have this conversation. Maybe I'm a coward, but I answer it, which makes him go insane. Neil stomps out of the room. I don't follow him as he bangs around in the kitchen, slamming drawers. "Hello?" I say calmly, like I'm not in the middle of the argument from hell.

"Hello, Miss Raymond, I presume?"

"Yes, this is she. How can I help you?" Neil glares at me through the doorway. I wish he'd at least act like he understands. Pretend sympathy is better than none.

"This is Cecily Varden from Varden Agency in New York. Are you the author of LOVE I HAVE LOST?"

"Yes." I tuck my hands into the crooks of my arms and lean back against the counter. "Listen, now really isn't a good time-"

"I apologize, but I've been trying to get hold of you for days. I have several offers for your book."

"I'm not interested." I'm about to hang up, but her voice takes on a frantic high-pitched hurried sound that stops me.

"Wait, they're offering seven figures, plus another contract for a movie. Miss Raymond, I understand that you've been through a lot recently, and I don't want to trouble you, but you need to realize that there are people offering you a great deal of money for the story you've written. It's touched people in a way that isn't seen every day." I don't blink. I stand there with my brows slightly raised and stare at the wall. "Miss Raymond?"

I nod slowly. "I can't discuss this right now, but I give you permission to speak with Neil Scortz about it." I shove the phone at Neil before turning away and rushing out the front door.

My body doesn't respond the way it should. My stomach churns like I drank spoiled milk and I hurl in Neil's roses. My entire body aches and for a second I can feel again. Pressing my lips together, I sit down hard on the front stoop and clutch my face in my hands. This can't be happening. The answer to all my prayers is dangling in front of me, but I can't take it. If I do, it'll expose Bryan and I'll lose Neil. But, if I don't take the money then there's no way to finish school. Dad gave up so much for me. Oh God. I could get the house back. I could walk into the bank and just buy the thing. I wouldn't even need a mortgage. It feels like my body is being torn in half, so I double over to ease the pain. Sweat beads on my forehead and I start crying into my knees.

I can't lose anyone else. Not now. I just can't.

I have no idea how long I've been sitting like that when a hand touches my shoulder. Before I can look up, my reflexes kick in. My spine goes straight as my elbow flies back and connects with his stomach. Neil curses and staggers back, gasping, "Damn it, Hallie!"

I jump up and grab his shoulder, trying to turn him toward me. "I'm sorry. You startled me. Neil, I didn't mean to."

Neil is clutching his stomach and looks up at me. I've done this to him more than once. He has really slow reflexes. You'd think he'd jump out of the way by now, or walk around so I can see him before touching my shoulders. Call it a New York survival instinct, but I don't like it when people walk up behind me.

He tries to smile at me. "I'm fine." Taking my hand, he sits on the porch and pulls me down next to him. "Do you want to know what she said?"

I stare straight ahead and lean into his shoulder. "I don't really care. I can't say yes, so it doesn't matter."

"Don't be silly. Of course you can say yes." Neil looks at me funnily. "Why would you say that?"

Who are you and what have you done with Neil? My mouth hangs open for a moment, before I blurt out, "You were just yelling at me for writing that story, so how could it possibly be okay to publish it? Or make a movie?" Oh God, my head hurts. I kind of wish it would just explode and be done with it. I sigh deeply and try not to cry.

"Hallie, do you know how many copies you've had downloaded?" I shake my head. I saw some numbers on the screen earlier, but I didn't stop to see what they were or what they meant. He smiles at me like I need to have someone hold my hand and walk me through it. "You've gotten big enough to attract major attention. The press has been buzzing about you, which made everyone else look. Listen, you already wrote the book and everyone already knows. You should take the deal."

"But what about us?"

He shrugs and looks out at the street. "It's fiction, right?" Oh God. There's a lake of fire in Hell with my name on it. I nod and try not to look guilty. "So, then it's just another piece of sensationalized trash, but this time it benefits us." He actually smiles and bumps my shoulder.

It's not trash, not to me. Looking at my hands, I ask, "Did you read it?"

"Do I need to?"

I shake my head. "Just wondering."

He runs his hands through his short hair and sighs, and his rigid spine finally relaxes. "Listen, Hallie. The damage is already done. I'll have to face the guys at work no matter what you do, so you might as well take the money. I'll admit that it softens the blow." He offers a weak smile and rests his hand on my back. "What I don't know how to explain is why you'd write something so animalistic in the first place. It's not like you actually want to do those things, right?" He laughs nervously and I know I can't tell him everything, but I can't help but nudge him that way.

I look over at him and keep my hands clasped together in my lap. "Would it be so bad?" His eyes widen as a look of shock crosses his face. "Not all of it, but being a little more, I don't know, passionate? Would that be so bad?"

"That's not passion, sweetie. It's morally devoid to go at it like beasts. You're a smart woman, does it really appeal to you to act like a mindless animal?" Neil has a concerned look on his face as he waits for my reply.

There's nothing I can say that doesn't sound wrong. "No, it doesn't." My stomach sinks and my body feels numb again. Intellectually, Neil is up there, but he has the emotional barometer of a cactus. "So, what'd you tell Varden?"

He smiles at me. "I told her to draw up the papers."

CHAPTER 7

Maggie's jaw bangs against the table top. "Did you know they would offer you that much money?"

I shake my head, staring at the computer screen with the offers proposed. Several of them want to buy the rights to my book. "No. That's a buttload of money." If pigs could fly, one would be soaring above my head in circles, oinking up a storm, and that would seem more realistic than what's happening in front of my face.

The millions of people raving about my book earned me some serious pocket change. What were the odds of that? I think I was more likely to get struck by lightning. Maybe I should be more careful when I go outside. I glance through the window and look up at the sky. No more umbrellas for this girl.

Maggie is drooling over the keyboard, asking me questions. "What are you going to buy? I mean, you could get a new wardrobe, a swank apartment, and pay for your classes next semester." She blinks again, like she expects the number to disappear. "When do you get paid?"

"I'm not sure." My lips twitch. I'm glad and nervous. The money from this will help me get my feet on the ground again, but there's the lingering threat of Bryan. What if he sees the story? He watches TV, right? I can't imagine him being happy about it, God knows that I'd be pissed. It's totally wrong to write about an ex and publish it for everyone to see. It's just creepy, and the thought of Bryan finding out is making me queasy.

I glance at Maggie, worried. "Don't you think he's going to notice?"

She shrugs. "Maybe, maybe not. Depends on the guy, and you still haven't told me his name. I haven't forgotten. I'd like to know who turned you into a little sex fiend." She laughs, but doesn't glance at me.

Awkward. Maggie is my best friend and all, but I don't talk details with her or anyone. And now everyone knows what I like and how I like it. Holy frackdogs, it's embarrassing. I make a face. "Why would you want to know that?"

"So I could hook up with one of his brothers. Maggie likes things freaky." She grins at me and looks at the screen again, "Click back to the book on Padpress." Tapping the monitor, she curls her lip, saying, "This is a really ugly cover by the way."

I can't argue that. It's basically a piece of loose leaf with a typewriter font plastered across the blue lines. "It required zero computer skills, okay. Besides, no one was supposed to read it."

"Then, what'd you put it out there for?"

Good question and the truth is more of a gut feeling than a cognitive thought. Sometimes I write for me and that's enough. This time it wasn't. This time I wrote about love and loss, pain and death, but just having it on my computer wasn't enough. It felt like holding a caged bird in the palm of my hand. There was something freeing about pressing publish. It was cathartic, no matter what Neil says.

Getting up from the computer, I pull my hair into a ponytail and walk across the living room. "I don't know how to say it."

"Try me." She turns around, but doesn't stand up.

Avoiding her gaze, I grab a coffee mug and try to put the feelings to words. "It's everything bad that happened, and it was trapped inside me with little bright spots of good. For some reason they kept crashing into each other. I didn't ask why or read anything into it. Pressing publish was like writing a letter and dropping it off the Empire State Building. In theory someone might read it, but odds are it'll be trash underfoot that no one will ever see. I don't know. Maybe I'm mental."

Maggie shakes her head. "Nah, you're not mental, and ignore Neil if he doesn't get it. Just because he's a wannabe shrink doesn't mean he has the magical power to see inside your heart. Plus, the heart and the head aren't always going the same direction, if you know what I mean. Grief does things to a person." Maggie sucks in a shaky breath and forces a smile.

Her life has sucked and somehow she sits here and manages to smile, but my face feels like it's going to crack when the corners of my mouth lift. I don't know how she does it. No one except me cares about her, she has no family, and was bounced around from one foster home to another until she was old enough to leave. She's broke, but she tries so hard. Right now she works at some bar and the tips are good, but I worry about her.

We were in the same foster home until my Dad adopted me when I was in third grade. Maggie got left behind, but I still saw her in school. Unlike the rest of the kids in that house, she managed to stay put. As for me, my mother liked her**ne more than food. Child Protective Services found me when I was five years old, hiding in the bottom of a closet while she was doing god-knows-what.

That period of my life is covered in shadows like a nightmare. I can't remember which things really happened and which were nightmares. While the events don't stand out much, the emotional distress from that time is still vivid. Gut-wrenching fear owned my little body back then. My young eyes had seen things that no child should ever see. After that, I spent a few years in foster homes until Dad adopted me. I was one of the lucky kids. Maggie wasn't so lucky.

I'm still nervous and stir the spoon around in my cup. What will people think of me when they read this? I know I shouldn't care, but I do, a little. Glancing up at her, I ask timidly, "You don't think I'm mental for publishing something that I didn't want people to see?"

"Nah." She waves me off and leans back in her chair. "You're more likely to fall down a sinkhole."

I laugh. "A sinkhole?"

"Yeah. I watch the news. Sinkholes are the new threat. Well, sink holes and bears, but let's face it-there are no bears running up and down Sunrise Highway, so I think we're safe." She grins at me. "But when you become a big shot and live in a palace in California, watch out, because they have both." She makes a roaring sound and swats at me.

"You're a dork." The smile doesn't feel forced this time. She actually has me laughing again.

"So, what are you going to buy?"

"Nothing yet. I don't have this money and for all I know I might not get a cent. Right now I'm still butt poor."

She holds up a fist for me, and I bump mine against hers. "Welcome to the club. We work twice as hard and get nowhere too fast."

I nod in agreement, but I can't shake the feeling that Bryan isn't going to like this when he finds out, because he's going to see it. It's just a matter of when.

The phone rings. It's Cecily again. She's been trying to get me invited to some shindig in the city this weekend. I swipe the thing to life and press it to my ear. "Hello?"

Cecily squeaks, "Get your party dress out! We're in. Everyone you need to cinch the deal will be there. Plus, I have you hooked up to present an award before the party that night. You need an evening gown and tell Neil to wear a tux."

My stomach drops into my sneakers. "Present an award? Where?"

She's excited, but I get the feeling that she's done this a million times, and the excitement has more to do with landing a deal than with the party. "Oh, it's no big deal honey, but it'll get you extra press. You just read the lines off a little prompter screen and step out of the way. Easy peasy." Cecily makes it sound minor, but it's not.

"This a televised event?"

"Of course!"

"I can't do that. Cecily-"

"Neil said you might do this. Listen, Hallie, it's time to put on your big girl panties. This one little thing will get you instant exposure. As it is, everyone thinks you're the sweetest thing they've ever seen. You have mass appeal kid, and we need to get you in front of those cameras. The more people that know about you, the better."

"Cecily, I can't. I suck at public speaking."

"It's reading, kid. You can read." Before I can tell her no again, she adds, "I'll have a car pick you up at six. Wear a dark evening gown, nothing too showy. We want to play up your good girl vibe to contrast with the wicked version of you in the book. That'll sell them and they'll be eating out of our palms. You already have a couple of offers, but we want a full blown bidding war. This is the shot that changes everything." Cecily is all about the money. She doesn't get paid unless I get paid, and while a truck load of money sounds great, I'd rather die than step out on stage.

Before I can say no, she hangs up. I make an aggravated sound in the back of my throat and stare at my phone. I don't think I like her very much, at the same time, a shove might be what I need to get my butt in gear. "That was my agent. She wants me to announce the winner at a televised awards show tonight and then go to the banquet after."

Maggie can tell that I don't want to go. I hate crowds, I hate everything about it. "What are you going to do? I know this isn't your thing, Hallie, but are you really going to pass this up?"

"I don't even have a dress. How am I supposed to do this? How am I supposed to pay for this?"

Before I can look up, Maggie is in her purse. She fishes out a wad of cash. "How much do we need?"

"Where'd you get that?" I gape, and then narrow my gaze in on her hand.

"It's mine, and what's mine is yours."

"I can't take your money."

"Uh, but you can borrow it. Borrowing is totally allowed. We can hit the sales rack and I can do your hair and make-up. You'll look awesome." She beams at me and stomps her foot. "Come on Hallie. Let me do this for you. You always help me. It's my turn to repay the favor. Come on." She says the last two words over and over again until I cave in and say yes.

CHAPTER 8

Heart pounding hard, I smooth my hair and fuss with the skirt on my gown. It's modest, to the ankle, with a little flare at the hem. My bodice isn't revealing. Nothing about me screams vixen, except the book I've written. The press has had a fun time taking pictures of me from my Facebook page and sticking them next to my book. One title read: Good girl writes heartfelt story about naughty nights. Yeah, they left out the part about death, but that doesn't sell as well.

The way my stomach churns is making me queasy. A few moments ago, I thought I could do this. I thought that I could walk out onto the stage with my shy little smile and read the prompter. But now, I'm worried that my voice will warble and that I'll trip and fall flat on my face. All the women here look so calm and graceful, but I'm close to hyperventilating. I don't belong here.

Neil notices the way I'm twisting the little ring on my finger and staring blankly at the crowd from the side of the stage. I wait in darkness for them to call my name. Neil reaches for my hand and smiles kindly at me. "How are you still nervous? We've been over this. It's all in your head."

Flicking my gaze up fast makes me feel like I'm going to hurl. As sweet as Neil is, he doesn't get it. Every announcement, every word of every presentation that's about me makes my heart race for one reason and one reason alone. I'm a liar. It's not about the public speaking part. Okay, it's about that a little bit, but I'm a bad liar. What if something comes up and they find out it's Bryan? What if someone knows?

Nodding, I agree with him. "I know."

"We could talk it through. Maybe there's a deeper issue at play?" Neil studies me, but my gaze remains locked on the microphone that's standing in the center of the stage. Neil Scortz is attending graduate school to be a shrink, so that's what he does with everything. He rarely offers comfort, rather, he wants to know what makes me feel the way I do in the first place. Well, I don't need a psychoanalysis for that. I already know. I'm terrified that I'm going to be caught, that people will find out that I'm a fraud, especially Neil.

I tried to tell him before we came, but I couldn't say it. Not when those big brown eyes met mine with such excitement. It'd be like kicking a puppy, so I kept the secret, and now I'm going to hurl on stage...and probably slip in it and land on my butt. That sounds like me.

I'm saved from answering him. The stage hand calls my name. Sucking in a deep breath, I straighten my shoulders, and walk out onto the stage with a plastic smile on my face. The crowd applauds as soon as they see me. Nerves shoot through my body as I focus on the podium. I just have to make it to that little thing, and read the screen. I can do this. I chant the phrase over and over again in my mind.

By the time I reach the lectern, the man announcing with me is also there, but he's much more relaxed. I don't realize who it is until I look up and see the bright grin on Bryan Ferro's face. What the fuck?! He's perfectly calm and doesn't use the lectern to hide himself from the audience the way I do. I cling to the edges of the plastic like it's a life vest and I'm drowning.

The screen is lit, prompting me to speak. There's too much spit in my mouth, so I swallow hard and find that I've gone cotton mouthed. My eyes dart everywhere, trying to avoid his gaze. He has to know. Crap!

Bryan steps closer, and touches my back lightly as he says his lines. The entire time, my heart is thumping and panic is spreading through my body. I want to run, but I can't. I'm stuck in the middle of the goddamn stage on live television.

How did I end up paired with Bryan Ferro? He must know. There's no way in hell that he doesn't. His hand is barely touching my back, but I feel him there. I can't tolerate him touching me, standing behind me like that. It brings back the memories and I remember vividly what he's done to me, what I begged him to do.

I say my set of lines and push forward, pressing my ribs into the podium, trying to create some distance between us. Bryan steps in again, not giving me the space, so I try to squish myself into the thing harder.

Bryan finally smirks his sexy face and says in that deep voice of his, "If I didn't know better, I'd think you were trying to get away from me."

My face flames red and I look at him wide eyed. "That might be true. You're much too sexy for one girl to handle." By one girl, I mean me, but the bronzed god doesn't take it that way.

He ditches the rest of his prompted lines and gives me a steamy look that would make the panties fall off of anyone else. "Why, Miss Raymond, you are as naughty as your book." He winks at me and the audience eats it up, clapping wildly, until my face reaches a deep shade of burgundy.

"Mr. Ferro, remind me to introduce my foot to your ass once we're off stage." The audience that looked positively lethargic moments ago, is on the edge of their seats as we spar, thirsty for more.

"I'm not really into that kind of thing, Miss Raymond, but for you, I might make an exception." The stage manager is having a stroke, waving his arms like an axe, trying to get us to stop. Bryan doesn't falter. He jumps right back into the text on the screen and finishes presenting the award before we're led off different sides of the stage.

I have to run. I can't talk to him. Why is he even here? Ignoring the stage hand that's chewing me out for deviating from the teleprompter, I haul ass trying to find Neil. When I smack into him, Cecily is standing by his side.

"And there she is!" Cecily, takes my arm, grinning ear to ear. She's had so much plastic surgery that I'm afraid her face will split open when she smiles. "You couldn't have done a better job out there! Everyone will be talking about you! Add in the fact that you were with a Ferro and it's perfect!" Cecily is twice my age with fewer wrinkles and big brown hair. She's wearing a clingy dress that shows off cl**vage that looks completely fake, but that doesn't keep Neil's eyes from wandering. Hell, my eyes wander. It's impossible not to look. They're like bowling balls, shoved into her flashy dress.

I smile nervously and press my hand to my stomach. "We need to go. I'm sorry, Cecily, but I can't-"

"The hardest part is over with," Cecily's voice has that chain smoker raspy thing. She coughs and Neil picks up where she left off.

"You can handle a party, babe." Neil gives me a side hug and smiles down at me. "I'm so proud of you. You didn't look nervous out there at all. You're a wonderful little actress." He presses his pointer finger to the tip of my nose and laughs.

I'm a wonderful little liar. I should tell him. Bryan and I were together once. I should just say it, but Cecily has that vulture quality that makes me keep my mouth shut. I'll have to tell Neil later. It's something that I think he should know, but I don't have to tell anyone else. "Thank you, but I feel really sick. We should go."

"Don't be silly. It's just post-show jitters. Some food will help you feel better. Come on." Neil tugs my hand toward the banquet room.

We head through twisting hallways, passing movie stars and celebrities, following after Cecily as she explains things to me. "I've been discussing everything from movie rights to merchandising. You're a hot ticket, kid. If we play our cards right, you'll be one of the wealthiest writers this year. They're asking about you faster than I can keep up. It's nonstop action, which is what we want." She waves at people as we pass. When we enter the room, it's done up in dark reds with white lights everywhere. It's beautiful, but I need to get out of here before Bryan finds me. My pulse pounds harder when we stop. "Oh, there's Eric. Let's pose for a shot, for the papers."

I force a smile onto my face and pose with some guy. I don't know who he is, but Cecily pulls people over one by one to meet me. Someone shoves a drink into my hand and I hold it like a lifeline, practically hiding behind it, watching people from under my lashes. Glancing around the room, I look for Bryan, but he's not here. Neil is enjoying himself, no doubt hoping to make business connections for years to come. He probably thinks he'll be a shrink to the stars or something like that.

A young actress is watching me and not saying much. She's been standing in our little circle of people, sipping something from a tall glass. Dark hair is piled onto her head and bright blue eyes carefully watch me. She finally interjects, "It's true, isn't it?"

I glance at Neil and Cecily before I realize she's talking to me. "I'm sorry, is what true?"

"That you're shy? I heard it before, but there's something so sweet about you, and innocent. I read your book and think it's interesting that those two qualities can coexist within one person."

I laugh nervously and look at Neil for help, but he seems enthralled. Gee, thanks. The girl mentions dual personalities and my boyfriend lights up. Great. I sputter a response quickly, "The book is fiction."

"Yes, but fiction is based in fact to some extent." She smiles at me as she tips her pretty head to the side, like that action will make it easier for me to understand. "I find it difficult to believe that you have no interest in such things on a personal level when you can write about them with such intensity."

Holy fuck. Someone hit me in the head with a frying pan. Cecily laughs, and raises her glass, like the girl is correct. Neil's eyes are glued to the woman and I half expect to see hearts and daisies form a halo around her head. I laugh lightly, fakely. "If that were true, then every author who wrote a murder mystery would have dead bodies in their basements. I'm sorry, I need to find the ladies room. Please excuse me."

I duck away from the group before anyone can tell me which way to go. The room is packed with people, but I bob and weave through them with ease. Stopping for a moment, I look around the room trying to find a way out.

"Nice to see you again, Hallie."

Every hair on the back of my neck stands up as my breath catches in my throat. My body tenses from the sound of his voice. My chest rises as I suck in a startled breath and hold it, unsure of what to do. "Bryan. I-"

The smile he wore on stage is gone. The kind features of his beautiful face are concealed by anger or something worse. He presses his lips together. "I don't want to hear it, Hallie. Your little house of cards is about to fall."

Mustering false confidence, I retort, "I have no idea what you mean." When I turn to look at him, the hollow place in the center of my chest constricts. Bryan's green eyes burn like twin flames. His dark hair is smoothed back from his beautiful face and a dusting of stubble covers his jaw.

"We both know that's a lie. Here," he presses a plastic key card into my hand. "Room 3601 at midnight or I talk."

Every other person is suddenly sucked out of the room. There's only Bryan and he's pissed. My throat tightens, but I manage to speak, "You wouldn't do that to me. If I mattered to you at all-"

His gaze narrows as he looks around the room, and then finally at me. It's like he's disgusted, like he can't stand the sight of me. "Don't pull that shit, Hallie. It's way past that point and we both know it. You used me and I'm returning the favor."

Fear and fury mix together and race through my veins, souring in my stomach. Bryan Ferro once meant something to me. His smile could fill me with happiness and his laugh was so contagious that I couldn't help but giggle. Even now, with him standing there, part of me wants things to be like they had been. My body remembers him and reacts to his proximity. Tingles shoot through me and I feel hot all over.

I'm shocked, unmoving, unblinking, and frozen in place with my pulse pounding violently in my ears. Bryan grins and taps the card. "Midnight, Hallie."

Before I can answer, Bryan slips back into the crowd and disappears from sight.

CHAPTER 9

I don't know what to do. Everything is riding on this moment and Bryan could destroy it. Not only is he magnificently wealthy, so the press will flock to him like flies on a dead body, but he's a Ferro. Ferros have power and resources that I'm lacking.

I try to handle it on my own, but I can't. I need Neil. He's been my emotional crutch through this and a piece of my past just reared up and kicked me in the stomach. I can't breathe and I don't want to go to Bryan's room.

I don't understand this side of him. Cruel isn't a word I would have used to describe him, but the way he looked at me just now makes me sick. I feel like I've done something horrible, but when I stop to think about what my reaction would be if our roles were reversed, I wouldn't do what he's doing. I'd silently steam about it and then rationalize that it must have been about someone else. Bryan loved me once. He wouldn't do this, but he is and I need to deal with it. Now.

By the time I find Neil in the cluster of people, fear is choking me. I manage a smile, but he sees through it quickly. Someone makes a joke and the circle of people all laugh. Cecily tries to take my arm to introduce me to more guests, but I hold up a finger and gesture for Neil as I step away, indicating that he should follow me.

We cross the room quickly, and head away from the crowds of people. Neil grabs a champagne glass off a tray. "Here, drink this and calm down. You can't be known as the romance writer who throws up. That's not the reputation we want you to have." Neil shoves the glass into my trembling hands and wraps my fingers around it.

I stare at it for a second, and then back up at my boyfriend. I don't know what to say, or how to start, so I blurt it out. "Bryan Ferro and I had a relationship when I was younger. No one knew about it." Neil's eyes bug out of his head in a cartoonish way right before his jaw drops. I muster a shaky breath and continue. "That's not the part that has me freaking out and covered in sweat. He thinks the book I wrote is about him."

Neil folds his arms across his chest and tucks his chin. His eyes flick up to meet mine for a split second, before scanning the faces in the crowd. He speaks softly, so no one else can hear. "Unbelievable. And he intends to tell everyone about it?"

"Yes, plus anything else he needs to say. Neil, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean for this to happen and now that it has, I don't know what to do. Bryan isn't like this-"

"How would you know? I mean, some of the things he was doing-a man will say anything to get what he wants. You're not that naive, Hallie." Neil shakes his head as he rubs his thumb across his lower lip. "Besides, I don't see how this situation is bad. Adding a Ferro to the mix will just bring you more publicity and more publicity will bring more money."

I want to say who are you? Neil's been taken over by business demons. It's like he didn't hear my cry for help. "No, you don't understand. Bryan doesn't want to help me, he wants to destroy me! He thinks I used him. Neil, he's blackmailing me. If I don't show up in his room at midnight, he's going to torch this whole thing. It's not a matter of exposing things, he wants to hurt me."

A knot forms in my throat and I can no longer swallow. If Bryan does that, I lose everything. He could easily destroy any business relationships that are starting to grow. There'll be no hope of getting my Dad's house back, no hope of pulling out of the downward death spiral my finances are in, no hope of anything. A shiver rakes across my skin and I'm close to tears. I wish to God that Neil would take me in his arms and tell me that everything will be okay, that we can fix this.

Instead, Neil stands there, a step away from me with his thumb rubbing his lip. There's a glazed over look on his face, as if his mind is a million miles away. When he finally looks up at me, I feel relieved. I recognize the confidence in his eyes. "So, we do what's best for us."

Neil smiles at me and for a second, I think he's figured out a way through this, and that everything will be okay. "Listen, I don't like it Hallie, but you've already slept with the guy, so what's one more night? What difference does it make?" I nearly choke, but he holds up his hand and gives me his shrink face. "Now, wait a second. Let's think about this rationally for a moment. That's why you're bent out of shape. There's a clear answer here, but you don't see it." He smiles and presses his fingers to his chest. "That's why you need me. It's okay, Hallie," he puts his arm over my shoulder and starts to walk. "Drink that and listen."

I drain the glass quickly as Neil rationally and emotionlessly tells me what I need to do. "If you say no, you stand to lose everything. If you go and do what he wants, then nothing changes. Don't get me wrong, Hallie. I don't like this, but let's face facts. You've already slept with the guy. It's not like he hasn't had you before, so this shouldn't compromise your morality, especially since I think it's the rational thing to do."

My chest feels hollow, like someone carved it out and my heart died. I live day to day, hardly feeling anything anymore. The numbness has swallowed me whole for the most part, and the only way that I know I still have the ability to feel is because of times like this. Neil should be outraged. He should want to go and punch Ferro in the face, but instead, he's rationalizing about how it's easier for us-like he's the one who has to do it-to just sleep with Bryan.

My eyes are glued to the carpet. When I look up, they're glossy and my lips are pulled into a thin line. "So, you'd pass me around to my ex-lovers? That's nice to know. What happens when more of them show up? Should we just make an orgy sign up list?" I'm mad, so insanely mad that I could rip his face off.

"Hallie, please. It's not like that at all and none of your other lovers were Ferros, were they? So don't be silly. They don't have the power to crush you, but this one does. This time is different and you know it. The easiest way to deal with it is to give him what he wants, and not make a big deal out of it. After all, logic is what sets us above the animals, our ability to rationalize and think through the ramifications. Can you look me in the eye and tell me that you want him meddling with your life?"

"I don't want you meddling with my life, either."

"Now, Hallie. Tell me the truth-you had to be thinking the same thing? It's easier for you to revisit your past for a night and put it behind you. Unless you want Bryan Ferro showing up on a daily basis and ruining everything?"

Neil's talking to me like I'm a child and can't think this through, but I can. It amazes me that he's so cold about it. If he ended up sleeping with one of his exes I wouldn't let it slide, because he's mine now. And that's what's making my jaw tighten-he should be possessive and not want to share, but somehow he's rationalized that sleeping with Bryan once is all right.

When I fail to answer, he leans in closer and says, "I didn't think so. So end it. Go up there, do what he says, and walk out. If that doesn't put you at ease, record the whole thing so if he tries to throw it back in your face, you can nail him for blackmail. That would actually be good press, Hallie." He stares into space and smiles.

When I manage to unlock my jaw, I'm fuming. "I didn't know you were so shallow."

"I'm shallow? Me?" He rounds on me with hysteria in his eyes. "You wrote the biggest piece of literary trash to grace the world this century, and they reward you with more money than I could earn in a lifetime. Earn, Hallie, from hard work and perseverance."

He drops his voice to a whisper and he leans in so we're nose to nose. "If I knew you actually did the things in your story, I would have never gone out with you, but those days are far behind us. People can change and you have. I forgive you for Bryan Ferro and all the animalistic actions of your past, even though the idea disgusts me, make no mistake of that. Therefore, if it takes one more night of degrading yourself, I fail to see your complaint, because you've already lowered yourself to that level on more than one occasion, so don't talk to me about being shallow, Hallie. I don't want to hear another word about Bryan Ferro after tonight. Go to his room, do what he wants, and record it. If he brings it up again, he'll get slapped with a legal suit that will make him sorry he ever met you."

Neil grabs a drink off a passing tray and walks away, leaving me standing in the corner of the room alone. Turmoil snakes through me, spinning and clutching, making my head throb. So, it turns out that I have no idea who Neil is, even after all this time. Apparently, I'm worth a specific amount of cash and the offers that Cecily has been talking about caught his attention. Add in the fact that Neil knows that I won't let him go, not after losing my father, and he can say whatever he wants. I expected him to soothe me, to stand up for me, but he didn't. Instead, he made it clear that he thinks my talent is an abomination and that my relationship with Bryan was even worse.

Bryan. When I think of his name I nearly shatter the empty glass in my hand. A single pop catches my ear and I look down at my hand just in time to see a white line run through the side of the crystal. Forcing my grip free, I place it on a tray, and grab another. I'm going to have to be very drunk to face Bryan, and even more so to face Neil again, afterward.

CHAPTER 10

The rest of the evening is a blur. Cecily introduces me to more people. Neil and I smile like nothing is wrong, like this night will end the same as all the others. At ten minutes to midnight, Neil shoves another drink in my hand and walks me to the elevator. My heart races as fear pummels me. I tried to get drunk, but the best I could manage was tipsy.

Neil waits next to me, reminding me, "Make sure you stay in front of the camera. Is your battery charged enough to record the whole thing?" His callousness is notable and he sounds more excited about nailing Bryan later than he should be. There isn't a hint of jealousy, which pisses me off.

"Yes." I don't want to talk about it. I've never recorded myself hav**g s*x before and if I ever did it, I would've wanted it to be with someone I loved, not for the purpose of manipulating some guy later.

"Hey, don't be like that." Neil turns me toward him and kisses my cheek. Looking me in the eye, he offers, "You're doing this for a good reason. You'll be untouchable and he won't be able to pull this crap again, Hallie." Neil traces my jaw with his finger.

"I didn't think you'd share me. Next time I find a boyfriend, I'm going to make them fill out a f**king questionnaire. I learned my lesson. Twice." I flick up one finger for each word. "Blackmail. Sharing."

I can't talk about it, so I don't. Disappointment is the wrong word. It doesn't convey the depth of the pain these two men have caused me, and the fact that I'm a mess and barely surviving day to day life when they've struck isn't lost on me. I guess I really am alone. The only person I can depend on is me, which means I need to make sure Bryan Ferro shuts the hell up and isn't set on ruining my life.

The chime catches my ear before the golden doors open. I step inside and press Bryan's floor. Neil starts to follow but I hold up my hand. "This is weird enough as it is. You're not riding up with me. I'll meet you at home." If I even go home after this. How am I supposed to face him? I feel so goddamn torn. Neil's been a good friend, but I can't explain his actions tonight. It's like he's all logic and no heart.

I'm all heart, which is why I feel like I'm dying inside.

The doors close and I slump back against the railing and look at the champagne in my hand. I didn't drink enough, and I don't want it. I'm not the kind of girl who gets wasted when things get hard. I'd rather have my mind fully intact to take the hits thrown at me.

When I get to Bryan's floor, the elevator stops and I walk out. There's a little table in front of me, so I set down my stemware and continue down the hall. My heart beats harder, faster. I wonder if he knows that I'm coming. I lock my jaw, because there are so many things that I want to say. They're burning inside of me and I know, given the chance, I'd love to spray Bryan with my venom. He was a bright spot in the darkness, a fond memory that I clung to when I couldn't hold myself up. It shouldn't be offensive, it's flattering.

But I'm not Bryan and I have no idea what he's thinking.

As I walk up to his door, nerves dance through my veins and my stomach clenches. I could run away. I could dart down the hall and be gone before he knew I was here. I don't have to do this. But I admit, that part of me wants to be here and it's not for the sex. It's for the chance to repay Bryan Ferro the kindness that he's shown to me, and grab the opportunity to destroy him. That's what this comes down to and the person who's weaker will lose. I'm not losing this time. It's my life. Fuck Neil and f**k Ferro. Both relationships were decimated, as far as I'm concerned. It's time to take fate into my hands and bend that bitch to do exactly what I say.

CHAPTER 11

My ribs expand as I inhale slowly, steadily. I want to be here. I want this. I do. I pump myself up, chanting the same lies over and over again to give me enough nerve to do what I need to do. Reaching into my purse, I flip my phone to life and press record. I'll figure out the rest as we go, but at least I'll nail him with audio. The first thing Bryan Ferro will do is gloat. Wait and see. When he swings this door open, he'll lord it over me that I screwed up and he caught me. Screw that. I'll nail his ass to the wall by the time this whole messed up thing is over.

Lifting my hand, I tap my fingernail against the door and lean one hip on the wall, like I'm bored. When Bryan doesn't answer, I tap again, forming patterns that sound like Morse Code. The door is suddenly yanked open and Bryan is standing there in his tux, no shoes, and his tie undone. The top button on his shirt is open and reveals his toned chest beneath. His emerald eyes flash as he takes me in. "You're here." He sounds surprised.

Pushing off the wall, I straighten and walk past him, dragging my finger across his shirtfront as I enter the room. "And you're surprised because?"

"Because I didn't think you'd come."

I smirk. "You didn't really give me a choice." The top of my bag is open, so I know his words are being recorded. It's a crappy thing to do, but then again, he's evil, so I don't care.

He watches me for a moment and looks displeased. "I have my reasons."

"So do I." I fold my arms over my chest and turn on my heel to look him over. Bryan's jaw is covered in a dusting of stubble and is clenched tight like he can't stand the sight of me. "Explain it to me, just to make sure I have the facts straight."

He steps toward me, invading my personal space, with a look of malice. My heart sky rockets as he rips my purse out of my hands and throws it on the bed, spilling the contents. The phone lands facedown. Then he slides his hands over my dress and cups my br**sts, before slipping his hands down my waist and thighs. "One second."

"What the hell?"

"Just checking. I'm finding it harder and harder to find trustworthy people." Bryan had to be looking for a wire, but he didn't find one. "And don't play dumb with me, either, Hallie. You know what the terms are-your body for my silence."

"You said one night."

"I say lots of things, but since you're here, let's be more upfront with my intentions. You come to me when I call for you and your secrets stay quiet. You can go on telling your lies and I won't say a damn thing."

"So, this doesn't stop? Is that what you're saying?"

He glares at me and his brow wrinkles. Bryan steps within a breath of my face and hisses, "You know what I'm saying, and I swear to God, if you try and f**k with me, I'll make you wish you'd never been born."

The hairs on the back of my neck stand on end, but I don't back down. Our gazes are locked like it's a goddamn showdown and I'll be damned if I look away first. This doesn't make sense. My gut is telling me that he's threatening me with more than he's letting on. There has to be something else there, a piece of my deplorable past that he's holding over my head, but I don't remember telling him that. Maybe he already knows. Maybe Bryan will make something up and flame me with lies. It no longer matters what he has on me, the point is that he's forcing his hand and he can-God, knows he has the power to do it.

I avoid looking at my purse, even though my eyes are drawn to it. That's my only safety net. If he finds my phone and sees the recording, I'm toast. I don't understand Bryan and his anger-the resentment. Where did it come from and why is it being pummeled at me? I don't deserve this.

This is so different than the last time I saw Bryan, but some things are the same. The intensity in his eyes and the way his scent fills my head and makes me long for more. Those things haven't changed and no matter what this man is telling me, he still arouses me. Desires that have been long dormant awaken and I wonder again what made him so irate that he'd do this to me. The thought repeats over and over again, flashing like a bolt of lightning and frying my other train of thought. Even if I maliciously wrote those things about him, it wouldn't warrant this response.

Pressing my finger to his chest, I breathe, "Don't make threats you can't keep." I'm insane. Why'd I say that? I puff up and straighten my spine.

Bryan's lips part as he sucks in, as if he's been burned, but his gaze remains locked on mine. "Don't tempt me."

My eyes sweep over his face and then to the floor. I can't contain the fury building within me. "No one asked you to be here. No one asked you to show up now and ruin my life. I've had enough shit hurled at my head recently and God knows that I didn't need this, too."

"I'm not sorry for ruining your picture perfect world, and making you cheat on your boyfriend." His words are utterly calloused, like he never cared about me at all.

A bitter laugh escapes from me before I can stop it. "Yeah, it's not cheating if he knows, and he does. Guess who sent me here?" The tension on Bryan's face drains and he steps back, surprised. "Don't pretend to give a rat's ass, Ferro. My life is as far from picture perfect as it could be. My father died, I got thrown out of my own f**king house, and I wrote this book and poured my heart out into it, reliving the past so that I could walk away and keep my goddamned mind in one piece. That's why you were in it! That's why it happened in the first place! And then you come along just when things are about to get better and shoot them all to hell."

I step toward him, so that we're nearly lip to lip. Each of my words is laced with venom and dripping with scorn. His green eyes are burning a hole through me, but I don't shy away. "I will not back down. I will not lose this round, so do whatever the hell you want. I'm not walking away."

I'm in Bryan's face, breathless, and the pull to his mouth is stronger than anything I've ever felt. My skin is charged, tingling, in anticipation of his touch. Before I know what I'm doing, I grab his shirtfront in my fists and speak in a low voice, slowly moving my mouth so that my lips brush against his as I say each word. "I completely and utterly hate you." My jaw is so tight, and I'm breathing too hard in short, fast bursts that make my ribs expand and force my br**sts to brush against his chest.

For the first time in a long time, I feel something. It's not the normal numbness that's consumed me for days on end. It's raging anger, burning hot and bright. I want to fight. I feel the need coursing through me and can't imagine where this surge of strength is coming from. Bryan has always been intimidating, but when he's angry, he's frightening, and here I am, wound tight and ready to throw punches.

There's a slight pause before Bryan's lips come crashing down on mine. His hands sweep back across my cheek and tangle in my hair. The kiss is not kind or soft. He doesn't ask me or wait. There's nothing civilized about it. His tongue forces mine back, fighting for control as he holds me tighter, and presses harder. Our bodies slam together and I find my hands groping at his shirt, trying to get to the skin underneath.

Bryan pushes me backward as the kiss grows hotter, step by step, until my back hits the wall. The jolt makes me more aware of him, of the hard length pressing against my stomach through his slacks. He isn't shy about it-he never was. Bryan shoves himself against me, smashing me into the wall and I let him.

Gasping for air, I claw at his neck and kiss him harder. I'm lost, floating through the past, and escaping the pain of the present. Emotions fill me to the brim and overflow in anger and rage. My hands fist and slam into his muscular arms, but that only makes him devour me more.

I don't understand what's happening. I hate Bryan for what he's done. How could he demand something like this from me? How could he threaten to destroy me? The thoughts swirl through my mind and vanish as the needs of my body consume all other thoughts. The throbbing within deepens and I realize that Bryan is striking a chord that hasn't been touched in years. The kiss, the way his mouth is all over mine, the way there's nothing tame about it. It's every part Bryan and the polar opposite of Neil. This is lust, carnal attraction and I let my body take control of my mind. I stop thinking, because more rational thoughts won't help me now.

When I finally get my hands under his shirt, I grab a fistful of his back and dig my nails in. I want it to hurt. I want to hear him cry out, but he doesn't. Instead, it seems to turn him on more. Bryan finds my arms without breaking the kiss and slams them into the wall. I'm pinned in place with my hands above my head and Bryan Ferro's tongue in my mouth with his hard length shoved against my hip.

My body flushes with heat that makes a straight shot and lands between my thighs. A noise comes from the back of my throat, a little moan of pleasure. I should be horrified, but I'm not. The truth is, I don't care. I'll take what I want and I know I can be reckless with Bryan. He won't judge me the way Neil does.

This is one aspect of sex that Neil doesn't understand. Letting go and caving into your body's desires isn't animalistic, it's the epitome of trust because it's impossible to be vulnerable with some guys, but Bryan is a different story. I don't understand why, but I'm willing to let things be the way they were. I know he won't hurt me even though by asking me to be here, he already did.

Bryan's knee comes up and separates my legs as he presses his h*ps to mine. He rubs against me, driving me wild as his tongue dances in my mouth. I can't breathe or think and I don't want to. Bryan suddenly pulls away and cold rushes between us. I stagger forward and try to hide my raspy breaths.

Bryan's entire body is tense, each muscle is perfectly sculpted and completely lickable. He rips his shirt off and buttons go flying, before discarding it on the floor. With every step he takes toward me, my desire increases tenfold. The look in his eyes and the way he moves his fingers, like he wants to own me, excites me even more.

Bryan's voice is strained, like he's having difficulty controlling himself. "Tell me no. If something's too much, and you don't want to do it-say so." He stops in front of me and looks down, cupping my face in his hands. "Do you understand?"

I nod.

His grip on my cheeks tightens. "That's not good enough. Say it. I own you tonight, Hallie. This is the only say you have in anything." His bright green eyes burn as he watches me, waiting for an answer.

Part of me resists. I hate being told what to do, and he knows it, but the other part is absurdly aroused by his desire to dominate me. My pulse responds to his words and to the way he holds me. It's possessive, like I belong to him. Sucking in a slow breath, I do the unthinkable. "I understand..."

His thumbs sweep across my temples and he watches me for a moment. "You like that idea, belonging to me. Being mine in every conceivable way." At first I only meet his gaze. "Answer me."

I could lie, but this is Bryan. He used to know what I was thinking before I did. "Yes." If he does everything, I don't have to think. I'm not responsible for once, and that appeals to me.

Bryan seems lost for a moment. He hesitates, like he wants to say something. Emotion floods his eyes and is gone in a blink, like it was never there. He's hardened, and shut off. I swear that it's like looking in the mirror. We've both been emotionally gutted, but I have no idea what caused his pain. It's impossible to miss now that we're standing so close like this. For the moment, I don't want to talk about pain, I want to escape from it.

It's as if he can read my mind, because his lips come crashing down on mine again. We're back in that ravenous kiss that's all hard tongue and teeth. Bryan nips my lip which makes me pulsate in all the right places. Clutching his face in my hands, I suck his lip into my mouth and bite. It's not a nip. There's nothing light and playful about it. It's hard and I know it hurt a little.

He rips away and growls before going for my neck. Bryan forces my head to the side and presses me back to the wall, as he hikes up my dress and shoves his knee between my legs. The sensation of restraint draws me out. Something about being under his control turns me wanton and I need more. As his lips work down to the place on my throat that makes me want things I shouldn't want, I fight him. I gasp and grab at his hair, pulling it, as his kisses turn to bites. His teeth drag along my skin, nipping at my collarbone until he passes across the base of my neck and to the other side.

The torrent of sensations flooding through me from his touch and rough affection make me want more. My heart is pounding in my chest, and my body demands more. I gasp as his mouth brushes against the section of my neck that turns me into someone else. When his lips touch that spot, and he sucks my skin, taking it between his lips and licking my flesh, I stiffen and then go limp in his arms. I can't think when he kisses me there. That one place seems to connect to every erogenous zone in my entire being, and makes me flush with heat and pulsing desire. I'm aware of who we are and that's about it. My mind becomes fuzzy, charged with sexual tension that flows through my veins like a current. It transforms every touch to a burning need for him to dominate me. It's like it was, back before my life fell apart, and I give in to him.

Moaning his name, my head falls to the side and my knees give out. I can barely hold onto him, because his kisses make me so weak. It's in that moment that his lips still, and his hands no longer rove my curves, squeezing each one he finds. Bryan stills. Tension that lines his hard body seems to increase as he slips his hands off of me, and to the wall just behind my head. He's breathing hard and his body is covered in a thin sheen of sweat that I want to lick off. But I don't get the chance because he abruptly stops. When he pulls away, I nearly fall over, but manage to lock my knees and grab the wall before he's gone.

He paces the floor, grumbling things I can't hear, and running his hands through his dark shiny hair. Bryan stops and presses his eyes closed tight as he grips his face and inhales deeply. When he finally looks over at me, he straightens. His eyes are filled with an unidentified emotion as his jaw tightens. "Leave."

CHAPTER 12

He might as well have slapped me. I blink, not understanding what just happened. We were so lost in the moment that it felt like it was years ago and he never left. The illusion was perfect, so I don't know what he's doing. "What?"

"I said you can go." Bryan keeps his back to me before heading to the bar in the room.

Something slinks through my stomach and floods my face. It's mortification, but Bryan can't see it because he's turned away from me, pouring a drink. What the fuck? He tells me that I have to come or he'll expose me and do everything in his power to ruin my life, and then he rejects me? Fury courses through me until my jaw is locked tight and my hands are balled into fists at my sides.

When he finally turns around with his drink in hand, I let him have it. "Just because you're a f**king Ferro, you think you can do whatever you want! You use people and throw them away, like they don't matter. I didn't want to be here-"

He laughs at me with that arrogant, cocky smile of his and then lifts his hand toward me. "And yet, here you are."

My face scrunches into something that's the opposite of pretty. "You didn't give me a choice, Bryan."

"I most certainly did and you came." He smirks and moves toward me. "Or is that what you're upset about? That you didn't get to have sex with me tonight?"

He stops a step away. I can't help myself. I slam my open palms into his shoulders and shove him hard, but he doesn't move. The man is built like a mountain, and is completely indestructible. Tears bite at the backs of my eyes, but I refuse to let him see me cry. Bryan shoos me away as if I were completely insubstantial. After he does so, he walks over to my purse, sifts through the contents on the bed, and lifts my phone.

He shakes his head, like he's disappointed with me. "I thought we had an understanding."

Folding my arms across my chest, I look away. It frightens me that he found it, but his utter calmness about the recording is beyond scary. Bryan swipes his finger across the screen a few times and the recording is gone. Then he steps toward the nightstand by the bed, and picks up a remote. The TV flickers to life and I'm not sure what I'm looking at. It's black and white and the camera angle is shot from up high, like it's looking down... on this room. My heart lurches as ice fills my chest. I stiffen and freeze in place. He presses a few buttons and all of a sudden there's a video of me and him where I look like I'm more than willing to be here.

He turns it off, and glances over at me. "You can't win, Hallie. I call the shots and you say 'Yes, sir.' There's no way for you to win."

Every fiber of my being wants to lash out and scream at him, but I don't. Holding my emotions in check, I suck in a shallow breath and ask, "So, what do you want?"

"You, whenever, wherever. It's not a complicated concept, Hallie." Bryan flashes me a wolfish grin and downs his drink.

"You said it was only for one night."

"Yeah, I told you-I changed my mind. I want you for as long as I want you." My body is shaking from trying to keep still. "What's the matter? Your boyfriend won't approve?"

My gaze narrows and I'm seeing red. The depth of his betrayal stings so much that I'm in shock. I finally manage to speak. "I don't care what he says, I don't approve. I won't sleep with you over and over again just because you tell me to."

Bryan's laughter fills the air, but there's nothing merry about it. It sounds jaded and angry, but I don't know what I've done to make him like this. The book doesn't make sense. That can't be the reason he's turned on me like this. I can't stand it anymore, and blurt it out. "What have I done to deserve this?"

"You know what you did." When he says it, his voice sounds hollow. Bryan tries to look away, but I step into his line of sight and remain there, constantly stepping closer to him, until I'm in his face.

"No, I don't. The book can't be it and I can't believe that you'd act like this in response. It's not like you!"

He shakes his head. "You don't know me, Hallie. Not anymore."

"You're wrong. I do know you and even though years have passed, you're still the same guy under all this-" I gesture at him, "-whatever this is. Bryan, I'm your friend, even after this. No sane person would forgive you, but I will if you tell me what the hell is going on."

Bryan watches me as I speak and when I'm done, the tension in his shoulders lessens as his lips part. For a moment, I think he's going to tell me, that there's something else going on, but I can't imagine what would make him act like this. His green eyes go cold and he backs away. "I have told you. This is the consequence of your actions. Deal with it. You're mine until I'm done with you. I can use you however I see fit for as long as I like, and you will oblige me. If you default on your end of the bargain, I'll ruin you. I'll expose anything and everything, every secret, every skeleton."

His words are sharp, and fly out of his mouth like swords, but it makes my heart sink. Yeah, it's totally the wrong reaction for someone in my position, but I heard it. That slight quiver of his voice, the way the words caught in his throat like he didn't want to say them. I should be furious, but pity takes hold instead. I sit down on the floor in my gown, and pull off my shoes.

Bryan's face scrunches up as he presses his fingers to his temples. "What are you doing?"

"Yeah, I'm not leaving."

