1

Rachel Hart battled with a gaggle of stunt harnesses beneath the blazing Los Angeles Indian summer sun until the muscles of her arms ached. Sweat trickled along the indentation of her spine and dampened the back of her new sundress.

"I should have known better than to wear something cute on location," she complained into her Bluetooth headset, jerking against nylon, canvas...even freaking Kevlar until her back and shoulders ached. "This is a disgrace. I can't believe you take such shitty care of the very equipment that saves your stupid asses."

A few harnesses pulled free, and the momentum of her struggle knocked her off balance. She dropped the gear into the dirt at her feet, and stared down at the tangle, hands on hips, panting. "Who is responsible for this mess?"

"Keaton." The blame came over her headset in two distinct voices-Duke's and Troy's.

"Just throw me under the bus, why don't you?" Keaton said. "Assholes."

Rachel turned from the equipment compartment beneath the Renegades' on-site stunt trailer and squinted up the mountain face. Duke, Troy, and Keaton hung at different levels, their forms outlined by the creamy granite at their backs. Two cameramen hung nearby, one filming from a higher vantage point, the other filming from the lower, equipment mounted on their shoulders.

"This might take a while, and I've got a bunch of other stuff to do. Which is more important to you, this harness or your paychecks?"

"Paychecks," all three men said at the same time.

"But Jax is on his way over to pick it up," Troy added.

The owner of Renegades, Jax Chamberlin, had been performing another stunt across town that morning. "Now?" She turned back to the knot of straps and latches, and even the thought of fighting with them again made the aches in her body deepen. "I thought he'd be filming all day."

"He nailed the fall on the first take," Keaton said. "They wrapped early."

Rachel growled, crouched, and wrestled one of the harnesses free, then gritted her teeth and untangled two more. "Little notice would be nice, guys." She held up two harnesses, both of which seemed identical. "What does this thing look like?"

"It's the Zero G," Troy said.

"Full body," Keaton added, "with side D rings."

She blew out a breath, ruffling the strands of her hair that had fallen from the messy bun held together by pencils. "That's a little like me asking you to get the crackle nail polish from my makeup drawer, which, at last count, contained seventy-two bottles."

A chorus of groans filled her ears.

"It's black," Duke said.

"Oh." She drew out the word, staring into the dregs of the trailer. Ninety percent of the harnesses were black. "That's helpful, Duke."

Inside the trailer, the phone rang. "Shit." She dropped the rig and started around the front. "I have to get the phone."

"Rachel-" Troy said, irritation in his voice.

"I'm waiting for Precision to call me back-" She turned the corner, her mind on the risk assessment consulting company that held the key to success for the last stunt in the Bond film, and found a UPS man blocking the stairs with a cart of boxes.

He looked up from his clipboard, his middle-aged face drawn with fatigue, sweat glistening across his forehead and turning the chest of his brown uniform shirt dark. "Delivery for Renegades. Where would you like it?"

"Um...delivery?" Her mind skipped through the orders she'd recently placed, but had no idea what could be in these boxes or where they should go. She squeezed between the boxes and the arm rail to get up the steps. "Let me just get this..."

She jogged up the stairs, her toes squeezing in the tips of boots designed for style, not activity, another fashion mistake for a stunt site. At her desk, she leaned across, reaching for the phone. Her penholder tipped over, and pens, pencils, a letter opener, and scissors spilled across the surface and onto the floor. "Renegades," she answered and got a dial tone in her ear. "Dammit." She slammed the phone down and hit her paperclip holder. The top flew, spewing multicolored clips everywhere.

"We could use the Matrix if you can't find the Zero G," Keaton was saying in her ear.

"Or the Yates," Duke added. "It might be easier to find. It's orange."

"We can't use an orange harness on this shoot, dumb shit." Troy's voice came over the connection. "That's not exactly something you can hide from the camera."

"Ma'am," the UPS man called up the stairs. "I'm sorry, but this delivery took me way outside my normal route, and I'm really behind. Can I drop these somewhere for you, or do you want me to just leave them here? They're kind of heavy."

The ring of her cell phone chimed from her purse on the floor. "Oh my God," she murmured. "Kill me now."

"Excuse me?" the UPS man asked.

"That's a little drastic," Keaton said. "It's just a harness."

Rachel pulled the Bluetooth from her ear and dropped it on the desk, satisfied with the chorus of pained curses that drifted from the device. She turned to the UPS man and said, "Leave them there. I've got lots of big, strong guys to move them for me."

Stepping behind her desk, she pulled her cell from her purse. The display read: MOM. Rachel closed her eyes in dread and lowered into her chair. "Criminy." She pressed Receive. "Hey, Mom."

"Honey, why aren't you answering your phone? I've been trying to call you all day."

Rachel closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead. Outside, boxes thudded on the ground, kicking up dust, which wafted into the trailer and stung Rachel's eyes. "Busy day." One that felt like it would never end. "What's up?"

"I was hoping you could come home this weekend. Your dad and I miss you."

Rachel sighed. "Not this weekend, I'm sorry. Work is really crazy right now. I'll try to get away as soon as things quiet down."

"But Nickie will be here." Her mother's voice rose with hope, but Rachel's shoulders lowered with dread. "I know she wants to see you."

Rachel had to force herself not to ask if Dante was coming with her. "No she doesn't. You want her to see me."

"She does. She asked me to call you and see if you'd come home."

Bitter betrayal welled in Rachel's belly and rose to tighten her chest. She picked up the fan on the floor at her feet and held it in front of her neck. "Then why didn't she call me herself?"

"You don't answer her calls."

God, she didn't have the patience for this. "If I don't answer her calls, what makes either of you think I'll drive three hours to see her?" She set the fan on her blotter. "I've got to go, Mom. I'm in the middle of a hundred things-"

"Rachel," her mother pleaded. "She wants to talk."

"Good for her. She can talk all she wants, just not to me, because I don't want to hear her. And I sure as hell don't want to see her."

"Honey, it's been six months-"

"So what does that mean? That I should be over it? That I should just forget? Go on like nothing ever happened?"

"No, of course not. But she's reaching out-"

"Look." Rachel cut her mother off with a stern tone, then took a deep breath. "I know this is hard on you and Dad." She pressed her fingers against closed eyes. "I wish Nicole had made different choices. Wish she'd put someone else's feelings before her own for once. But she didn't. She never has. And honestly, I don't think she's even capable."

A familiar impasse settled between her and her mother, and silence filled the line. Rachel's heart felt heavy, which only stirred a deeper anger toward her gorgeous, selfish younger sister.

"I'm sorry, Mom, but this time, I'm not willing to just forgive and forget." She stood and looked at the mess she'd made of her desk. "I'll call you later. Love you."

Rachel disconnected and squeezed her cell until her palm stung, which kept her from hurling the phone across the trailer.

Footsteps pounded up the stairs. "Got the harness?"

Jax filled the doorway in all his six-foot-two, muscle-bound, ex-movie-star glory. The edges of his dark hair stuck to his sweaty, dirt-streaked face. His jeans were covered in dust, his T-shirt ripped at the hem.

"I'm still sorting them out." She moved around her desk again. "The guys just told me you needed it, and Keaton is a damn slob with the harnesses. Wait till you see that nightmare."

"I can hear you..." drifted over the Bluetooth.

She reached for the thumb-size device, said, "Not anymore," and powered the receiver off.

"I'll make you a deal," Jax said, grinning. "I'll tackle the harness mess if you make a pickup run to the airport."

Rachel slumped and leaned her ass against her desk. She glanced at the clock on the wall behind Jax. "LAX at rush hour on a Friday." She crossed her arms. "You really hate me, don't you?"

"Sorry, honey. It's Ryker. The airline has changed his flight three times, and he just called to let me know he's coming in today instead of tomorrow morning. This shoot is going to run late tonight, so I got him a room at the Crowne. All you have to do is drop him off."

Ryker. His name brought fluttering memories of the flirty, snarky conversation they'd had over the phone a little over a week ago. If she had to battle the 405 parking lot, she couldn't think of a more interesting pickup. She been wondering if he was as sexy as his voice, but...

"If he's just going to the Crowne, why am I picking him up? Why can't he just catch the shuttle like everyone else? It runs between the Crowne and the airport every fifteen minutes."

"I need you to bring him the bridge plans so he can look them over tonight. We're closing in on a real time crunch here. "Have you heard from Townsend today?"

Rachel winced internally as she rounded the desk, picked up her purse, fished out her keys, and lifted the strap over her shoulder. She didn't know what she'd do if the contracting blaster wasn't able to fit this bridge explosion into his schedule.

"Not yet, but he usually calls late, after he gets off the jobsite." She picked up a roll of plans from a shelf near the door. "You know I'm going to be a mad woman by the time I get to the airport, right?"

His mouth curved into the cute grin that drove his girlfriend, Lexi, crazy. "More than usual?"

She pushed off the desk with a smirk, and started toward the door.

"Ryker's coming in on American. Terminal four."

"How will I know him?"

Jax shrugged. "I've never met him. I'll ask Troy and let you know."

"If he suggests I stand at baggage claim with a sign that reads 'Ryker,' slap him for me. And have Troy send me the guy's flight information too, please."

God, she was so not looking forward to the stop-and-go, the cutting in, the blaring horns...

At the door, she paused an poked Jax's rigid shoulder with her index finger. "You. Owe. Me. Big-time."

2

Ryker paced the sidewalk in front of terminal four at LAX and looked at his watch again. It was after seven p.m., and he'd been waiting for someone from Renegades to pick him up for two hours.

He was hot. He was tired. And he was damn sick of the noise and chaos throughout the terminal.

God he hated LA.

He pulled his phone from the pocket of his pants and hit Redial. The call rolled into voice mail. "Dammit."

Ryker clenched his teeth as he waited to leave yet another message, and stuffed his cell away. He had to accept the fact that he was on his own tonight. He clasped his hands behind his head and paced at the curb. Grab a taxi, find a hotel, get something to eat... What a pain in the ass.

Exhaustion crept in. He's spent way too many late nights partying in New Orleans. And he was going to head back as soon as he talked to Troy about this job.

"Things we do for friends," he muttered and waved to grab one of the three taxis approaching.

They all must have seen his gesture, because they veered toward the curb at the same time. One of the taxis swerved from an outside lane, cut in front of a second, and pulled up in front of Ryker. The second cab swerved to avoid hitting the offending cab, barely missing the third. Taxi's two and three hit their brakes but couldn't stop in time, and ran into the first cab, now sitting at the curb.

Crunching metal. Horns. Screeching tires. Shouts from pedestrians. The noise echoed off concrete like a grenade in a tunnel and tore across Ryker's exposed nerves.

The drivers threw their doors open, stood, and started yelling at each other in a mix of broken English and Pasto, an Afghan language Ryker recognized well.

His mind cracked a little around the edges, and he found himself moving before he'd made a conscious decision to intervene. He would have anyway, but it would have been nice of his brain to inform him of this shit before he was standing in the middle of three dark-haired, dark-skinned taxi drivers, shouting.

"You always do this." The second driver, the one who'd swerved into the first taxi's rear panel, was a big man. Ryker's height but fifty pounds heavier. "This the third time in a week you cheat me out of customer. What your problem, spee bachee?"

"You hit my car." The driver who'd taken the coveted curb spot inspected the damage to his cab. "What wrong with you, dawoos?"

The Afghan language, the aggression, the swearing, chipped away at Ryker's mind. He cut in front of the third driver, who was skirting the T-boned taxis toward the first. Ryker put his hands up. "Hold on. Calm down-"

"Ghwal ukhura," he yelled over Ryker's shoulder. "You deserve it."

The second driver started around his trunk, closing in as well toward the offender.

"Don't do it, man," Ryker called.

Driver two paused at his trunk, but not to reconsider. He pulled out a tire iron. "You going to learn a lesson."

"Shit." Ryker turned and sprinted toward the crunched cars, stepped on a bumper, a hood, and dropped to the ground again between the two men. He faced the one with the tire iron. "Just cool down. You don't want to go to prison over this guy."

Ryker might as well have been invisible. All the drivers kept shouting obscenities, escalating the confrontation. Real alarm tore up Ryker's spine.

"Back off," Ryker ordered the attacker as he inched closer.

The third driver came around cars, joining the second in taunting the first.

"Back. The fuck. Off," Ryker repeated.

"Zma ballolai wichisa!" the first driver yelled from behind Ryker yelled.

The man's order to the other cabbies to suck his dick yanked on the last string of the other two men's threadbare patience. Driver two with the tire iron bellowed, and his yowl echoed off concrete. His face twisted in fury. The hand holding the iron rose.

Ryker's alarm amped to fear and flashed like fire. His mind crackled a little more, and he lost a few more pieces. And as if the fragments created a passageway in his mind, Ryker saw through those holes to the past and jumped onto a Ghazi dirt street, eight thousand miles away.

"Wadrega!" he yelled with every ounce of authority he'd developed over the last sixteen years. "Wadareja ka ne daz kawam."

All three men froze, just as he'd ordered in Pashto. Their gazes darted toward Ryker, confusion replacing anger. He reached for his weapon, something he should have already done. It would be good to have a gun aimed at someone he threatened to shoot. Christ, he hoped none of his guys had seen that rookie screw-up.

But his hand landed on an empty hip where his 9mm should have been holstered. Confusion tore away a few more pieces of his brain.

He slapped both hands against his chest. No M14.

What the hell...?

"Put that down," Ryker said, fighting to clear his soupy mind, adding the threat of shoving the tire iron up the guy's ass. "Pelay ke dala ona mandam."

The driver behind Ryker laughed. "That's where it belongs," he yelled at the others, "up your ass."

Rage coiled in the second driver's face as he lunged for the first. Ryker blocked the strike with his forearm, gripped the attacker's wrist with the other hand, and twisted until the iron clattered on the asphalt. Then he spun the man around and wrenched his hand up between his shoulder blades.

"Wadrega!" he ordered again, his own voice fading in a buzz filling his head. Nothing made sense-his missing weapon, the sound of the metal on pavement...

Pavement?

His mind stalled like the batteries had run out. But his body was still functioning, his training buried somewhere in his fuzzy head. He turned the attacking driver by the arm, fisted his shirt collar, and rammed him face-first against the hood of the nearest car.

With the threat neutralized, Ryker's immediate fear ebbed. But when his senses returned, he found himself in the middle of chaos-people running, horns blaring, men shouting.

Panic pinched his chest again, and Ryker reached for the radio on his shoulder. Where was his team? Why was he out here alone?

And where was his radio?

"Let him go and step away."

The authoritarian American voice sounded behind Ryker and kicked his shaky world into another spiral. He jerked the attacker from the car and swiveled, putting the other man's body between his own and the new threat-men in blue uniforms. Men...and uniforms...Ryker didn't recognize.

Two of the uniforms stopped, their weapons drawn and pointing at Ryker's chest. More came from another direction and secured the three taxi drivers.

"LAX police," one of the uniforms called, voice clear and confident. "Let him go and put your hands up."

LAX police... LAX police...

Ryker's brain touched on every extremist group he'd encountered, every paramilitary unit, but he'd never heard of LAX. Didn't even know what it stood for. A new terrorist group his unit hadn't been briefed on? A civilian corps of men filling in the gap between Afghan military and police?

"Sir," Uniform repeated, "let the man go."

American. Definitely. Why didn't Ryker know him? Why couldn't he figure out what unit the man was with? Afghan police wore gray uniforms. And they had patches, not shiny gold badges. Afghan military wore fatigues, just like Ryker's.

He cut another look around. Where the fuck had all these blue uniforms come from? Maybe this was just another one of his wicked nightmares...

"Is okay, friend," the man in his chokehold coughed out. "I sorry. I lost my head. You can let go. I not going to fight no more."

Ryker darted a look right, then left. The bystanders were a mix of every nationality-black, white, Hispanic, Asian. He scanned the traffic, the complex paths of asphalt creating walkways and bridges between buildings. So many buildings. So many cars. So many people who didn't belong...

The fog in his head slowly parted, like the retreat of rain clouds, and reality slivered back in.

America.

Los Angeles.

LAX police.

He was at the goddamned airport.

A mixture of relief and shame mingled with lingering confusion. He lifted one hand in surrender, fisted the back of the attacker's shirt in the other, and pushed the man toward the cops. One officer secured the attacker with cuffs; the other kept his weapon on Ryker and ordered him to the ground.

Beautiful.

Once he was cuffed and searched, the cop pulled him to his feet by the arm and pushed him, face-first, to the hood of a police unit that had just arrived. The attacker had been positioned the same way over the front fender, putting them at right angles to each other.

Ryker glared at the cop over his shoulder. "I'm the one who stopped the fight-"

"Just give us a few minutes to get everything straightened out, sir."

Perfect end to a cranky-ass day.

He dropped his forehead against the hood and breathed through the anger. Then turned his head toward the cabbie. "Spay Bachai." The curse-equivalent to son of a bitch-didn't seem to faze the guy. "All this over a fare?"

One of the cops yanked Ryker from the hood and walked him away from the driver.

"Can I get my bags?" Ryker scanned for his gear. "I don't want them to disappear."

The cop glanced that direction then called to one of the other officers to pick them up, and walked Ryker into a corner, where he was questioned.

His use of the Pashto language had the cops bent on creating a terrorist conspiracy linking him and the three taxi drivers. With every question, Ryker's patience slipped a notch. Anxiety mushroomed in his chest like a storm cloud. And after thirty minutes of answering the same questions asked eight different ways, Ryker's nerves were raw.

"Dude. I've been in the army for sixteen goddamned years, and I don't appreciate the terrorism insinuations. Arrest me if you want any more answers. I could use a ride into town."

His attitude alone warranted the arrest, but Ryker didn't give a shit. The cop-if he were even a real cop; what the hell was LAX police anyway?-gave up on the interrogation and finally cut Ryker loose.

He threw his bags over his shoulder and headed back into the airport in search of the nearest bar.

"I need a fucking drink."

But after fifteen minutes of searching, all he'd found was a splitting headache. He finally wandered into the international terminal, where he located the first restaurant with a bar and planted his ass in a chair near the wall.

The bartender was a pretty woman, probably in her forties. She wore a tight tank top that showed off a killer rack, and gave Ryker a familiar, interested smile as she leaned on the bar with both hands. "What can I get you, handsome?"

Normally, he would have played on her interest. Rolling around in the sheets with an older woman who knew exactly how to give and receive in bed sounded like a nice end to this day of travel from hell.

At least in theory. In practice, he'd rather have been picked up two hours ago and now be sitting in the corner of a comfy couch, watching a ball game with Troy.

"A couple of snakebites to start off," he said, "with Jameson, please. Then a beer. What local IPAs do you have on tap?"

She turned and grabbed a bottle of Jameson whiskey from a row lining the wall. "Frog's Breath from Corona Brewery out of San Diego, brand-new this month. Blind Pig from Russian River out of Sonoma. And Opal from-"

"Firestone Walker," he finished for her. "Out of Paso Robles. I didn't know they'd released it. That must be brand new."

"Yep." She grinned. "And it's good."

"I'll take it."

She set two shot glasses in front of him and moved to the tap. "Nice choice."

Ryker picked up the first shot, released a breath of relief in anticipation, and threw it back. The rich burn of quality whiskey filled his mouth and sizzled down his throat.

Damn, that felt good.

His shoulders relaxed, and he opened his eyes to reach for the second. When he set that shot glass on the bar, the woman slid a beer toward him.

"Thank you," he said with overt appreciation.

A couple took seats at the end of the bar, filling every stool but the one on his right, and called for service.

"Enjoy," the bartender said before moving toward her new customers.

With the shots warming his chest, Ryker savored Opal's light gold color and tried to empty his mind. After the Jameson's relief had faded, he took his first taste of this new beer from one of his favorite breweries. The light ale coated his mouth with a crisp, spicy start, as fresh as it was surprising. The sharp bitter beginning rounded out with a light white wine finish, and Ryker hummed in pleasure.

This had to be the second best thing about being stateside-access to such amazing craft beers. The very best thing, of course, was his access to so many women. But after his spree in New Orleans with the wild, off-beat, occasionally unstable type that always gravitated to him, Ryker wouldn't mind spending a little more time with beers like this one.

Only, he had to drink a hell of a lot of alcohol to get the same level of distraction a few hours of sex provided. Besides, sex always left him feeling better the next day. Alcohol, not so much.

He let his gaze blur over the hockey game playing on the screen above the bar, but his mind drifted back to the confrontation at the pickup area, and he grew uneasy again. Over four full weeks away from weapons and war, and his brain still triggered at the strangest times.

His thoughts veered toward his team... Which was no longer a team but a row of caskets as he'd last seen them being loaded onto the aircraft carrier bound for the states and their grieving families.

"Fuck." That split-second image drove a fiery spike through his chest. Ryker closed his eyes and drained his beer. But he'd been drinking so much the last four weeks, it would take him half a dozen shots and a six-pack to get buzzed. A woman really was the way to go.

He glanced down the bar. The seats were filled with businessmen, the middle-aged couple that had just come in, and a pair of young women who looked like they couldn't decide between going grunge or punk. Pretty, with full lips, nice cheekbones, and that unflawed look of vibrant youth even the heavy makeup couldn't hide. They met his gaze with interest, one raising her pierced brow as if silently asking if he were going to make a move.

But his body didn't react, and the game just felt like too much effort tonight-even for a threesome.

"Another?" the bartender asked.

Ryker nodded and drank half the glass as soon as she set it down. Then glanced back at the hockey game again, even though he wasn't following. And by the time he'd finished the beer, he was just starting to relax. Maybe he'd actually get some good sleep tonight. God, he missed good sleep. He craved sleep as much as he craved food. But he still needed alcohol and women to get through the night.

"That must be good." A woman slid onto the only free stool beside him, but he kept his gaze on the game. "I'll have what he's having."

Nice voice, was his first thought, even though the rich, sultry tone was tweaked with irritation. One corner of his mouth twitched up in an ironic grin. What rational American didn't get peeved working their way through LAX?

Ryker stared at the foam sliding down the side of his glass. "And I'll have another."

"You look about as good as I feel." She tossed a credit card on the bar. "This one's on me."

He watched her in his peripheral vision, not quite ready to make idle conversation. Yeah, he wanted the release of sex, but sometimes-in fact, more and more often over the past two weeks-the whole lead-up had grown tedious. Maybe he should just have a taxi drop him in the prostitution district.

The woman beside him hung the strap of her purse on the back of the fancy barstool and pulled off a sweater, throwing it carelessly over the arm. A whisper of feminine spice touched his nose, and he breathed deep. The hollowness in his chest eased a little. Then she planted her elbows on the bar, dropped her head into her hands, and raked her fingers through her hair with a long exhale.

Ryker really had enough of his own damn problems. He didn't need to take on anyone else's. But the bartender set down the drinks and snagged the woman's card before he decided whether or not to decline the offer, so he sent her a sidelong glance and a quiet, "Thanks."

Instead of responding or drumming up conversation, the woman lifted her glass and guzzled.

"Mmmm." The throaty sound shot heat through Ryker's groin and drew his gaze to the generous stranger. She wore small, dark-rimmed glasses, and wisps of her hair, a pretty deep reddish-brown, fell in wavy strands from a messy knot on the back of her head.

"Oh my God," she murmured still staring at the drink. "Is this...? No. It hasn't been released yet."

She seemed to be almost talking to herself as she lifted the glass to the light, inspecting the beer.

"Opal?" he asked.

Her gaze darted to his, a quick gasp pulling through her lips. "No. Really?"

She returned her gaze to the beer. That was a first. Ryker didn't think of himself as a god or anything, but women had given him more than his fair share of attention since he'd hit puberty. This one, however, seemed more interested in the beer. Ironically, that earned her a few points.

"Really," he said. "Brand-new on tap. You like Firestone?"

"Love Firestone. I've been dying to try this since I heard about it two months ago." She caressed the glass in both hands and smiled. Her teeth were small and straight, and a dimple poked into her cheek at the corner of her mouth. "My day is finally looking up."

The fact that she was referring to the beer and not to him made him grin. "That's refreshing."

"I know, right?" She took another sip and considered the color again. "Almost tropical, but dry." Another sip, more consideration, a shake of her head, a musing hum.

Ryker laughed. "I meant you, but, yeah, the beer is exceptional."

She finally looked at him, just a sidelong glance through her glasses. He caught a glimpse of brown eyes before her lips quirked up at the corner again, drawing his gaze to her mouth. A really nice mouth, with full pink lips.

The thought started his blood flowing south, surprising him a little. She wasn't a woman he would normally give a second look-not a tattoo or a piercing in sight. But he was looking now, and noticing her slim build beneath a deep blue dress, the curve of her bare tanned shoulder, the way of the loose strands of hair coiled into soft waves to her chin.

She huffed a laugh, looked away, and drained her beer. "Oh, yeah," she said on a sigh. "I'm at my most refreshing after a nonstop day of work with men who communicate as well as fish, have to be cared for like two-year-olds, and then send me to the airport to pick up some stranger at freaking rush hour on Friday."

"Another?" the bartender asked.

"Actually, as great as that was, I really need something stronger after ninety minutes on the 405."

"Hell yes, you do," she agreed. "I heard there was an accident-"

"Barely a damn fender bender, but you'd think there were zombies lying all over the road the way traffic crawled. Brutal, I tell you. Can I try a Mandarin and soda with lime? A friend of mine has been ordering them lately."

"You got it."

When the other woman moved on to another customer Ryker said, "After that beer?"

She shrugged. "I've got a lead stomach." To the bartender, she called, "Can you make it a double?"

Ryker chuckled, saluted her with his beer, and took another drink, becoming way too fascinated with the renewed frown tugging at those lips.

"And then to have the guy I'm supposed to pick up go MIA?" she muttered with a shake of her head. "This is so screwed." She fished in her purse, pulled out an iPhone, and pressed one number as the bartender set down the orange thing she'd ordered. "I should try getting them again. Maybe their reception has improved."

She put the cell to her ear and took a sip of her new drink. Another moan of pleasure, and her eyes closed, head tipped back. Ryker's gaze roamed down her neck, her chest, her tits. Not the rack on the bartender, but high and tight, and his mouth watered for something other than another beer.

"Shit," she whispered. Her jaw tightened as she listened. Then, "Okay, the next time you guys send me on a freaking airport pickup, I'm getting all the information up front. I should have known you wouldn't get reception up in those mountains. Just so you know, when he calls all pissed off that no one picked him up, tell him he wasn't waiting outside terminal four. I even parked and walked inside, asked strangers at baggage claim. Do you know how stupid I looked wandering around asking, 'Hi, is your name Ryker?' I'm lucky no one called security."

Shock tingled along Ryker's ribs. He lowered his beer and darted another look at the woman.

"You can call me if you get this and he's still somewhere around here," she said, "which I highly doubt. But since I'm unable to face that traffic again, I'm at the bar on my second drink. So you know that suite at the Crowne in his name? I'm taking it if he doesn't show. And remember, I have all weekend to think up payback."

She disconnected and dropped her phone into her purse. "God, I just want to kill someone." After another long drink from her glass, she shook her head, looking down at the liquid. "I knew I'd be homicidal by the time I got here. Probably better I didn't find him."

She sat back on her stool and pulled her glasses off her face. Then reached up and tugged a pencil from her hair, and the messy strands tumbled down to her shoulders.

Ryker angled a little more toward her, not quite sure what approach he wanted to take yet. It wasn't all that strange that they'd met up. The international terminal was the only place in LAX to get a decent drink outside security, and this happened to be the closest bar to terminal four.

Good sense dictated he fess up to his identity, but all his good sense had been blown away four months ago, along with four of his best buddies, and getting closer to the sweet little distraction beside him trumped good sense any moment of any day.

"You always talk to your coworkers like that?" he asked.

"They're all like brothers. Little bratty brothers. The kind who are always in trouble." She drained the glass and lifted it toward the bartender again. "Good thing they're too damn fun to stay pissed at for long."

"Are they all like brothers?" he asked, thinking of Troy and his friend's playboy ways. "No boyfriend in that mix?"

She laughed, the sound-and her sidelong glance-filled with hell no. "Commitment is seriously overrated."

Oh man. Could his luck really have turned so drastically in mere moments?

"You may have a lead stomach," he said, "but you're a little tiny to be slamming down that much alcohol."

"You ever have one of those days, weeks, months when you just don't give a shit?"

"Plenty."

"Sorry," she said, sliding a loose smile toward him. One that stoked his rising body heat and redirected his thoughts to a strategy on getting her from that barstool into a bed. She saluted the air with her glass. "To the end of drama, probably the last thing you need."

Usually, yeah, he stayed away from drama. But her lazy chattiness, wry humor, and slightly jaded outlook engaged him.

He leaned his forearm against the bar and turned fully toward her. Still, she didn't give him her complete attention, which both fascinated and irked him. But all in all, hanging here with her was slowly becoming more interesting than watching a game with Troy and talking explosives with Jax.

"I'm not much for drama," he said with a shrug, "but, hey, I got a beer out of listening, right?"

She smiled, and her gaze flicked to his right biceps, where his tattoo of an American flag stretched beyond the T-shirt's sleeve. When her eyes lifted to his, she offered her hand. "Nice tat. I'm Rachel."

Rachel. From Renegades.

Instant name recognition flashed in his brain. Followed by their first conversation on the phone over a week ago, when she'd called at Troy's request to discuss the very reason he was here now. No fucking wonder she sparked him. She'd been sassy from the start, and Ryker's irreverent attitude had set off fireworks between them, leading to a quick, fun, five-minute talk filled with nothing but snark and innuendo and heat.

He'd barely let her introduce herself over the phone when he'd said, "I don't want whatever you're selling."

She'd responded with, "Are you always this rude, or did I just catch you on a bad day?"

And it had continued from there.

"Okay, I like spunk. You've got two minutes."

"I was calling to make you an offer, but you've kinda dinged my mood."

"Offer? I hope it's an offer of phone sex. You've got a hot voice."

"I should have expected this from a friend of Troy's."

"Troy's been talking shit about me again? What's that fucker up to now?"

"You've got his mouth too."

"Oh no. Baby, my mouth is way better than Troy's. All the women say so."

"Really. Now you've got my full attention. Unfortunately, I haven't called to give you a free round of phone sex. I've called because Renegades is looking for an explosives expert, and Troy gave me your name and number."

"How...disappointing. If I said I'd consider blowing something up for Troy, could we renegotiate the phone sex? 'Cause, really, your voice already has my jeans a little tight."

"Tell me you're wearing nothing else but those sexy, tight jeans."

The memory of their call made a broad smile stretch his mouth as he took her hand. It was small and cool from the drink she'd been holding. But her eyes were melted caramel and dark-lashed. There was definitely a sexy little siren inside this woman.

What an excellent twist of fate.

"Thanks. I'm Nathan." His own name felt strange coming off his lips. He never used it. Knew he shouldn't be using it now. But he wanted more of Rachel than he knew he'd get if he told her the name he went by, his last name.

"Nathan. That's nice." Her lips curled deeper. Her head tipped just a little, and her gaze darted down, then back to his face. "I don't see a wedding ring."

"Not married."

"Divorced?"

"Nope. Never married. You?"

"Same." She released his hand and picked up her drink again. "Catching a flight tonight?"

"Nope. Came in a couple hours ago."

"Hours? Are the drinks here that good?"

He smiled. "The buddy who was going to pick me up can't make it. I'm just grabbing a drink before I have to brave the Los Angeles traffic."

"Smart. Where'd you come in from?"

"New Orleans."

"Is that where you live?"

"No," he said. "Just visiting a friend."

And drinking. And getting laid. And generally escaping reality.

"Vacation?" she asked.

"Not exactly."

She sipped from the glass without taking her eyes off his. She wanted to dig into his vague answers, and she had a spark of intelligence in her gaze, making him realize he might not be able to pull off this Nathan ruse.

She set her drink down and licked her lips. The sweep of her pink tongue flooded his mind with so many delicious, erotic thoughts, he almost missed her next question. "Can I see your tattoo?"

Her gaze darted to his arm again, and he grinned. "I love a woman who asks for what she wants." He reached over and pulled his sleeve up where the waving flag wrapped the curve of his shoulder and biceps, extending almost to his elbow.

"Wow," she murmured, her eyes inspecting the design with intense interest. "That's amazing. What a talented artist. Where did you get it done?"

"New York."

"Beautiful." She took another sip of her drink and returned her gaze to his face. "What were you doing there?"

"Visiting a friend."

"And what brings you here?"

"Favor for a friend."

"The same one who abandoned you?"

"As a matter of fact..."

Her lips pursed again, and Ryker took far too much interest in the sight. She sipped. "Sounds like you have a lot of friends."

"I hear you can never have enough."

"Depends on the friends," she said. "And you don't sound exactly thrilled about this favor."

"It's been one hell of a long day." He lifted a shoulder and grinned. "But meeting you has given the trip a whole new positive spin."

She picked up her drink and turned toward him. The direct movement made him fear he'd said something wrong, that she was going to grab her things and walk away. Or that she recognized him in some way, and was going to confront him on his identity. But she hooked one arm over the back of her stool and looked him directly in the eye. Then she smiled, showing those pretty teeth and that adorable dimple, both a sugary contrast to the sultry look in her eyes.

And, God, she was pretty. Who knew a little pair of glasses could hide so much? With his gaze drawn to the dark frames, he'd missed everything beneath-the steep angle of her cheekbones, her big, gorgeous, warm brown eyes, the dash of freckles down her nose, the way it all fit together so prettily, so perfectly.

Christ. She was so not his type.

"Then I say we celebrate the end of a very long week." She lifted her drink toward him. "And start fresh."

Ryker was having an even harder time separating desire from duty now. But one thing he knew for sure- turning Rachel away to discuss explosives was damn well not in his best interest. Not for a job he didn't want. In a place he didn't want to be. Ryker's best interest at the moment sat right in front of him.

"To the end of a very long week." He lifted his glass and touched hers. "And new friends."

3

Friends? No. Rachel had plenty of sexy male friends in her life. What she needed was a hookup guy. One unrelated to everything else-no work connections, no family connections, no friend connections. Someone who didn't want more than Rachel was interested in giving-one night.

Maybe Nathan had missed her innuendo-probably the most direct come-on she'd ever used, although admittedly weak. She wasn't exactly a practiced seductress, and this attempt was putting her in the strangest mental-physical lock.

While her body and her logic were on the same page-hot sex, no attachments-her psyche had been balking ever since she'd made the decision to change her perspective on relationships and men months before.

But she was sticking with the new plan-a new plan for a new woman.

She might not be up on all the recent sex trends, but she was pretty sure this situation screamed hookup. She just hadn't expected to find a scorching-hot guy to enact that plan with at LAX, for God's sake.

His thickly lashed eyes focused intently on her instead of darting around as if she couldn't hold his attention the way other men's did. His lips were outlined in the dark stubble of a day's beard and full enough to get Rachel thinking about the naughty things she hoped he did well. And the scars...the scars absolutely intrigued her. One on the side of his chin, one above his lip, one on his temple, another at his hairline.

The logistics of getting him from a bar in the airport to a hotel room nearby wasn't anything she'd anticipated. She'd always envisioned something simpler, like sweeping out of a club and falling into bed at the guy's place so she could leave when it suited her.

"What do you do, Rachel?"

Nathan's question drew her from the tangle of doubt and made her smile. She was getting way ahead of herself. He was a stranger, and they were simply talking. She'd been hanging around a bunch of sexual skydivers too long.

She slowed her intake of alcohol so her brain would actually function. A decent conversation with the guy would be a good start, even though all she wanted was to lose herself in a man who could quell all the frustration buzzing through her after that drive and her mother's earlier call.

"I don't have an official title, really," she said, taking a small sip of the yummy drink her friend Rubi had introduced her to a month ago. "I work for a stunt company. You know, secretary, bookkeeper, glorified gofer. You?"

He hesitated, and the look in his eyes warned Rachel a lie was coming. Something about the subtle momentary glaze that came over his intense, smoky-green irises, his mind going distant for a split second before answering. It was the same look every Renegade gave her just before they tried to fib their way out of trouble.

"A little of everything," he said. "Do you like your job?"

Definitely lying. Typical guy.

But really, did she give a damn?

She let her gaze take him in once more-the faded cornflower-blue T-shirt with a surfing logo, molding to strong shoulders, a wide chest, and built biceps, then going loose around a tight abdomen and dropping to the waistband of deep brown cargo pants.

Nope. She didn't give a damn.

At least not here and not now. And here and now was all that mattered.

"Most of the time," she answered. "The guys, you know, they're guys. But they are a hell of a lot of fun, and always challenging."

His grin widened.

"What?" she asked.

He shook his head. "I like your take on working with men. We're very different, especially in a pack. Something most women never get. And rarely like."

"I love men," she said, then quickly added, "not, you know... Okay, that came out wrong. I mean I enjoy the company of men. And, yes, I get them-mostly."

"I know what you meant, and mostly is more than...well, most."

She laughed, took another sip, surprised to find her second drink almost gone. Glancing down the bar, she realized the seats were filled with businessmen and one middle-aged couple. Two edgy-looking young women pushed to their feet and sauntered past her and Nathan toward the door. But his gaze never even flickered their way.

Fascinating.

Men like this rugged Nathan usually looked right through her.

"How long are you giving the guy to show?" he asked.

"Oh..." She shrugged and finished her drink. "I gave up on him about an hour ago."

Nathan's grin turned warm, and his lips parted to say something.

Rachel's cell chimed.

Disappointment flashed across his face. "Maybe you're not getting out of it as easily as you thought."

Dammit. He'd been about to take the next step, she could feel it. If this text was from one of the guys telling her where to pick up Ryker, she was going to implode.

She met his smile with a sly one of her own. "Maybe he's not getting picked up, regardless."

Nathan chuckled.

Rachel read the text.

6612010666: Hi. Mom says you're not coming this weekend. We really need to talk.

The sight of Nicole's cell number raised a cluster of emotions she didn't want or need. It took all her willpower not the type back tough shit. She clicked the power button to turn off the screen just as the phone chimed again.

Rachel clenched her teeth, tapped the screen and read the message.

6612010666: Dante will be with me. We'd both like to see you.

Hurt, fury, betrayal... They stormed inside her, a hurricane threatening to overwhelm her.

"Everything okay?" Nathan's low, sexy voice pulled her back-to the bar, to her tipsy state, to the hunk sitting within reach.

"Yes," she said deliberately, forcing it to be true. She powered off her phone, and smiled up at Nathan. "That was my boss. The guy I was here to pick up got tired of waiting and took a taxi to his friend's house."

One of Nathan's dark brows rose. "Really."

Rachel pushed her phone into her purse and pulled out the hotel key card she'd picked up before coming to the airport so they didn't give Ryker's hotel room away when he was late checking in.

"Really." She might be tipsy, but she was still in complete control of herself as she tapped the plastic card on the bar, sliding it through her fingers. She continued to flip and slide the card, looked directly into his eyes, and, with a ball of anxiety in her throat, said, "Looks like that suite at the Crowne is going to be empty tonight."

Shifting on his stool, Nathan filled her personal space with his heat, his clean, male scent, his intention.

"An empty hotel suite," he said slowly, lids heavier now, gaze taking on that sharper focus men got when their minds turned interested, "is a terrible thing to waste."

When she laughed, he lifted his hand and touched her cheek with the back of one finger. Her heart gave a jolt, and she sipped a breath as his finger slid down her cheek, along her chin, and continued over her neck.

The delicate touch seemed odd for such a rough man, but she only had a second to think about that before his finger followed the line of her dress, tracing the skin along her chest, then...her cleavage. His darkening gaze followed the path of his touch. Her heart beat faster. Her skin prickled. Her breasts tugged. Nipples hardened. She squeezed her drink glass so hard she feared she might shatter it.

"That's just what I was thinking." She pulled the corner of her bottom lip between her teeth and let her gaze drift over that square, stubble-darkened jaw, riveted to the way his scars kept his beard from growing in evenly. She wanted to ask how he got them, yet didn't. The less she knew, the better, because this wasn't about getting attached. This was about moving on.

That thought curbed her nerves over propositioning a stranger. Just a guy passing through, looking to kill time.

She lifted her eyes back to his. "Wanna check it out with me?"

She was fully prepared for his sudden backpedal. Some guys got weird when a woman made the first big move. But his expression softened and his eyes closed briefly before he whispered, "Thank you, God."

The utter relief on his face made Rachel laugh again and went a long way toward healing her ego, her pride, and her self-worth.

"You just made my week, baby." He stood and tugged her to her feet, pulling her gently against his chest. The smooth way he slipped his arms around her made it clear he'd been here before. Often. For Rachel's new life plan, that worked perfectly.

"Are we walking, cabbing...?" he asked.

"Sh-shuttle." A surprised thrill made her head cloud. "Or...my car is in the lot."

"Shuttle. You can't drive." His hands squeezed her waist, moved up her back, down again, spreading fiery tingles through her body. He lifted one hand to her chin and tilted her face up. "That way I can touch."

He lowered his head, and instead of leaning back the way Rachel's lifetime of conservative instincts ordered, she lifted to her toes. Their lips met more deliberately than she'd intended. But, fuck it. She was sick of looking for the "right" guy. Sick of trying to satisfy the unfulfilled cravings that had developed over the last year. She wanted a man's hands on her. A man's mouth everywhere. A man's body moving with hers.

He made a surprised sound in his throat, and it thrilled her to have taken a man like this off guard. Then the feel of his mouth sank in-firm, warm, supple-and her excitement burst into lust.

She should pull away now. Every voice in her head told her to stop. Told her she was devaluing herself. Acting reckless, careless, downright stupid.

You're in an airport bar, for God's sake.

He's a total stranger. No different from the guy at the corner gas station.

Are you really this desperate?

Rachel lowered, pulling out of the kiss. Nathan, still fully involved, groaned in complaint and followed her down, reluctantly breaking the connection. The action created a sweet pang in her chest.

If wanting this man made her desperate, fine.

She was desperate.

Her lips pillowed beneath Ryker's in the most luscious way, but it was the purr rolling from her throat, the way her body relaxed into his, the feel of her breasts pressing against his chest that made his thoughts evaporate and fire spread through his lower body.

He tasted her lips, and she opened to him, but her mouth remained tense with restrained hunger. One Ryker burned to release. And when her tongue eased past his lips and slid against his, all his thoughts sank into Rachel and the feel of his tongue moving in her mouth.

Public, a little voice chattered in his head. You're in public.

But, dear God, her mouth was perfect-the heat, the movement, the taste. He wanted his cock surrounded by this mouth. Stroked by this tongue. Sucked by these lips. All while he fisted her hair and watched her fuck him, those big brown eyes looking up at him, drenched in pleasure.

"Your bill." The bartender's get-a-room tone snapped the moment like a dry twig, and he and Rachel came apart with a start. For an extended second, they stared at each other in surprise, maybe even a little awe.

Where the hell did that come from? was rolling around in his head when Rachel licked her lips, tucked her hair behind her ears, and turned to scribble a signature across the credit card receipt, then slid the card into her purse.

"Let's go." She whipped her sweater and her bag from the chair, grabbed Ryker's hand and started toward the door.

"Hold on," he said, turning back toward the bar. "My stuff." When he bent to pick up his duffle and backpack, his head swam the way it did from the percussion of an IED that exploded a little too close. She was already making him dizzy.

With his bags over his shoulder, he took her hand again, and the smile she gave him softened her sweet face and made his legs feel like he just finished a sweaty, sandy, mountain hike.

They didn't talk as they made their way through the busy terminal toward baggage claim and out to the shuttle area. Ryker's mind darted to the consequences of having Rachel discover who he really was, to Troy and Jax and the job he should be consulting on, to the surreal sensation of his hand wrapped in Rachel's.

Rachel.

God, this was weird. She'd been popping into his head for the last week at the strangest times. And he hadn't even known what she'd looked like then, only that she was funny and clever and didn't easily take offense to his teasing. Some women could be so sensitive.

He scanned the curb outside baggage claim. Across the drop-off lanes, a burgundy Crowne Plaza Hotel van pulled up.

"Perfect timing," she said, picking up the pace and pulling Ryker along.

He would agree-everything since she'd shown up at the bar had been perfect timing...if it weren't for the fact that they really had been scheduled to meet earlier, and in a whole different way, and for a whole different purpose.

Guilt edged in. He stalled the realization, hoping the annoying emotion would dissipate. At the stairs to the van, he held her waist as she climbed, then sat beside her where she took a seat halfway down the empty rows. Three other passengers got on, all sitting at the front.

Rachel angled toward him and swung her thigh over his, leaning in and looking up at him with those big, warm eyes.

Shit. He had to tell her.

"Hey." He wrapped an arm over her shoulders and pulled her close, nudged a strand of hair off her forehead with the other hand. "I should tell you-"

Her fingers pressed against his lips. The van doors closed, and the vehicle started moving.

"The only thing I want to know now," she said, voice soft, "is, one: if you're married." He shook his head. "Two: if you have a disease you could share." His lips curled beneath her fingers, and he shook his head again. "Three: if you don't have condoms." He chuckled, shook his head, and covered her hand with his. "Four: if you're wanted for violent crimes."

He lifted her hand and kissed her palm. "No."

"Or five," she said, "if you've changed your mind about the hotel."

He kissed her hand again, letting his tongue travel up from the center of her palm and along her middle finger before taking it into his mouth. Her lips parted, and surprised heat flooded her eyes.

He stroked her small digit with his tongue, loving the complex emotions darting through her gaze-lust, confusion, and ultimately surrender, as pleasure eased her expression.

She was so different from the women he ended up with-experienced, overtly sexual, wickedly dirty. He'd always thought that was what turned him on. But he'd obviously been wrong, because with little more than a kiss from Rachel, he was harder than concrete. Sure, he was pretty much constantly horny, but he was discovering that the physical need to fuck was very different from wanting to fuck because a woman turned him on.

He was too damned old to be learning shit like this.

"And," he put her fifth concern to rest, "hell, no, I haven't changed my mind."

That smile, the one that did weird things to his stomach, flashed again. "Then you don't have to tell me anything. In fact, I'd prefer you didn't." She lifted a hand to his face, and stroked her fingers across his jaw, her gaze on his mouth. "I'd really like to leave all reality behind tonight."

He couldn't ask for more. She was exactly what he needed when he needed it.

He slid his hand under the hem of her dress and up the back of the smooth, warm, tight thigh lying over his. She turned into him, her breasts supple against his side, and lifted her hips so she could get closer. The sexy move made Ryker think about her doing the same as he thrust deep inside her. And, God, he wasn't sure how long he could wait to get there.

His stomach balled into a fiery knot, and he squeezed her thigh. "Damn, you are such a sweet surprise."

He lowered his head and suckled her lips. Stroked them with his tongue. Nibbled on the bottom one until her fingers dug into his arm, and she groaned. He moved the hand on her thigh higher. And higher. So warm. So soft. "You feel like heaven," he whispered against her cheek. "Bet you taste like candy."

Her hand released, flexed, released, and she pressed her pelvis against his hip, rubbing on him like a cat. One he wanted to pet all over.

"I can't wait to get my mouth on you," he whispered, kissing her temple, her hair. "Lick you everywhere." The more he talked, the closer she pressed. By the time they got to the hotel, she'd be dripping. "Thank God we have all night, because before the sun comes up, baby, I'm going to have tasted every...literal...inch of you."

She sighed, turned her head, and pressed her face against his neck. "Too good to be true," she murmured before closing her lips over his skin. Then scraping with her teeth.

Ryker slid his hand over the little silk panties covering her ass and squeezed, pulling her closer. The softness between her legs rubbed his hip again, and she groaned. The lust settled low in his body spread. Her hand dropped to his thigh, and heat gathered beneath her touch and rose into his groin.

Then she stroked his entire package, cupping his balls, rubbing his length. A bold, confident move that made Ryker suck air and grit his teeth against the urge to get noisy. He almost lost it when she closed her hand on his cock and gave a little tug. He pressed his mouth to her hair and groaned. Tightened the hand on her ass.

"Want you..." she whispered, her fingers moving to the button of his pants. . "So bad..."

"Rachel," he said, struggling to keep his thoughts above the haze quickly filling his brain. "We're not alone."

"It's dark." She pulled his earlobe between her teeth, bit gently, then suckled, all while sliding his zipper down.

He wanted to do her right here. Right now. Knew he couldn't. But checked on the passengers and found two caught up in their phones. The other had his head back against the seat as if he were dozing. Ryker glanced at the driver, who was humming, her gaze darting out the side window, the windshield, the rearview, but only resting on the two of them a split second before moving away again.

Flesh-on-flesh contact shocked his attention back to Rachel. To her small hand flattened low on his belly and moving lower. "Shit... Rach-"

Her palm slid over his length, and heat blasted through his cock, into his balls. Pleasure sliced deep in his belly, and his eyes closed on a groan he tried to muffle against her hair.

Why did this feel so good? Because they were in public? Because Rachel didn't know who he really was? Because she was as sexy and ballsy as he'd found her to be over the phone? Maybe it was just all of them combined. And the alcohol he had on board. But something was different. He hadn't gotten this excited by such little interaction in a long damn time.

He fisted the soft strands of her hair and dragged her head back, then closed his lips over hers, plunging his tongue into her mouth. She gave back, deeply, erotically, while the stroke of her hand stayed perfectly snug and slow and maddening.

He broke the kiss. "If you don't stop," he murmured, "I'm going to come in your hand."

She met his eyes. Hers were gold and dazzling with heavy lids when she whispered, "I'll lick you off my fingers."

"Good God..." This had to be a dream. One he didn't want to wake up from. "Where the fuck did you come from?"

She grinned, and a grenade exploded in Ryker's chest. He kissed her again, letting go of the resistance, the logic, the reservations, and took all of her. He loved the way she kissed, passionately, hungrily, openly. Inviting him to take everything he wanted. Ryker slid his hand deeper between her legs and found the lips of her pussy as wet as he'd imagined. Her little gasp interrupted the kiss, and Ryker pressed his mouth to her cheek while he focused on this new find.

This new hot, slick, oh-so-fuckable find.

She responded to every slight move of his hand, her body lifting and rocking to his touch. "Baby, you're so sexy."

Her hand stilled, fingers wrapped around his cock. "Nathan..."

The word was filled with questions and awe, and Ryker's focus shifted from his own pleasure to hers. He moved his hand deeper between her legs, spread his fingers over her pussy-tight, small, hot. He wanted to shove his face between her thighs, make her arch and scream. And he wanted her screaming Nathan, not Ryker, like every other woman.

"So wet," he murmured against her hair, his fingertips covered with her, stroking the plump folds. "So soft."

"Oh, God..." Her voice grew lighter, tighter. Her pussy clenched and released as she lifted her hips into his touch. Her fingers tightened on his cock, creating both pleasure and pain.

"Shh." He eased her head to his shoulder to muffle the cries he planned to elicit. "Stay quiet, baby."

A subdued moan vibrated against his collarbone.

Oh yeah. This would definitely take all night to explore. He loved the way she responded instead of demanded. The way she savored the fire instead of expecting it. The way she enjoyed what he gave instead of ordering him to finger fuck her right now.

Yeah, he liked forceful, forward, and dirty. That was just his style. At least he'd thought so. But now he wondered if it had always been that way or it had become that way because it was all he'd ever known. Because this woman drew him and made him want to give more, and more. And more.

Moving deeper, he slipped his fingers into her heat, just an inch, just to feel her. And, damn, she was perfection.

A needy sound vibrated in her throat and she lifted her hips toward his hand, forcing his fingers deeper.

"Oh my God," she whispered, her voice shaky.

Ryker moved inside her, stroking and stretching. She wiggled toward his touch, wanting more. He wished he could get deeper, give her what she was searching for, but they just didn't have the mobility. Or the privacy. And he was already pushing those limits.

"Jesus Christ." She pressed her face to his neck, and her breath heated his skin. "Nathan..."

That on-the-edge shimmer in her voice sharpened his focus. "Right here."

"How much longer to the hotel?"

He lifted his gaze to look out the window and saw city streets, cars, and brake lights. "Not sure. We're just getting out of traffic."

She exhaled, the sound heavy with frustration. "Don't stop. Feels so good."

"Sure does." He pulled back and hiked her leg higher. She angled her knee, opening for him, and her scent-musky and light-rose to his nose, so erotic. "I wish I could see you," he whispered into her hair, circling his fingers at her opening, stretching, releasing, rubbing, teasing. "I'm going to spread you out on the bed when we get to the room. I'm going to look at you while I touch you. I'm going to lick you and suck you and fuck you. And I'm going to watch everything."

"Nathan?" She was breathless, gripping his waist, pushing off him to move her hips into his hand. "Can you fuck me first? I...can't wait."

He leaned in, angled his arm, and pushed deeper. Rolled his fingertips against her front wall, searching for that little swell, but couldn't find it before the van slowed again to take a turn. "How do you want it?"

"Want what?"

He grinned. "Want me to fuck you when we get to the room. Against a wall? On a table? A counter? Bent over the bed? What?"

"God..." she breathed, "I...don't know. I don't care. Whatever you like. I just need it."

He'd discovered another new thrill-that exciting a woman to the point where she couldn't think about how she wanted it, just that she had to have it, was a ridiculous turn-on.

The van slowed to a stop, and Rachel groaned out a sound of relief. "Is it just me, or did that take forever?"

"That took forever." Ryker dragged his fingers from her pussy and stroked the wetness around her clit.

A surprised sound vibrated in her throat before Ryker slid his hand down her thigh and eased her back into the seat beside him. "Let the others get off first."

He buttoned and zipped his pants, then held Rachel's hand tight and pulled her to her feet. Walking was going to be a painful proposition, but the reward would be well worth it.

4

Rachel's legs weren't working right. Her head floated. And an extreme sexual hunger consumed her like fire. Her clit and her pussy throbbed to the beat of her heart, swollen and sensitive. Wetness slipped along her folds.

She was intensely, wickedly, insanely turned on as she followed Nathan toward the front of the bus, his bags over one shoulder, his free hand wrapped around hers in a way that made her feel safe when she knew very well she shouldn't.

"Thanks," he told the driver, pulling a few folded bills from his pocket for the woman. "Have a good night."

"You too, now."

Nathan moved down the stairs, then turned and gripped Rachel's waist to help her off the van, setting her gently on the ground. All they were going to do was get in the room and fuck, yet she couldn't remember the last time a man had done something so simple and thoughtful for her.

Then again, the alcohol was definitely hitting, and her memory might be a tad...selective.

Nathan held the hotel's main door open for her and kept his hand on her lower back as she passed through. Rachel directed him toward elevators she'd noticed when she'd come in earlier to pick up the key, and he pressed the elevator's up button.

Rachel stared at the lighted arrow, and for the first time since she'd taken a seat next to him at the bar, she had a real second thought. This was terribly spontaneous. Crazily impulsive. Not like her at all.

"Pays to be in the stunt business, huh?" he said.

Nathan's voice pulled her fuzzy head from the random thought. His fingers skimmed down her spine, then back up as his gaze swept the lobby. Damn, he was so good-looking. He didn't have that movie-star quality that many of the Renegades did-first and foremost, Jax and Wes. Nathan was far more rugged which only made him more attractive to her.

He also kissed like the devil, had a body like granite, and used his hands like a god.

The elevator doors opened. "Finally," he said, stepping into the empty car, pulling Rachel in beside him. "Is it me, or did that take forever?"

She laughed, but the sound touched her ears like a giggle. A giggle? And repeated his words to her in the van. "That took forever."

As soon as the doors closed, she turned to Nathan, backed him against the wall, pushed up on her toes, and pulled his head down to kiss him. He opened to her, drank her in, his tongue tasting in erotic sweeps. His arms wrapped her hips, his hands grabbed her ass and dragged her against his erection.

She pried her hand between them to stroke his cock, hard and long and thick beneath his cargo pants. He growled into her mouth and broke the kiss with a desperate, "Baby..."

"I probably should have mentioned," she said, stroking him, "alcohol makes me horny."

He chuckled, the sound rich and low. "And here I thought it was all me."

"Oh, it's all you. The alcohol only helps me get it out."

"Makes inhibitions evaporate?"

"Yes, in direct proportion to the amount of alcohol."

His eyes were fiery. His grin seductive. "I'm sure there's a minibar in the room."

The insinuation thrilled and unnerved. "Why? What did you have in mind?"

The elevator stopped, and the doors parted. Nathan held the door with one foot and gripped Rachel's face with both hands, his gaze intense and serious . "Anything, and everything, you've ever wanted or dreamed of."

"Wh-" The word dissipated before she could get it out. "What...what if I haven't...dreamed of anything?"

His grin grew. His eyes softened. "I can always introduce you to a few of my own fantasies."

Wings brushed the inside of her torso, flapping wildly until Rachel felt both giddy and dizzy. And nervous, wondering if this man might be too much to handle. Something she should have been thinking about back at the bar.

He stepped out of the elevator and drew her with him. "What room?"

"Um..." She pulled the key card from the side of her purse and looked at the sleeve. "Twelve-oh-three."

He started that way, two doors down, and stepped aside so Rachel could insert the key, but then wrapped his arms around her from behind, his body curved to hers, rubbing his erection against her ass, his mouth on her neck. Her sex burst with heat. She automatically met his decadent pressure, and when she dropped her head against his shoulder, Nathan's hand slid up her belly, over her breast, and across her throat. His fingers spread, framing her jaw, holding her head back and exposing her neck as his mouth traveled over the sensitive flesh. Kissing, licking, biting. All while his other hand splayed over her belly, holding her against him.

"Need some help?" he asked, his voice a rough rasp.

"What?"

"Help." His teeth traveled across her jawbone, one nip at a time. "With the key. If we don't get inside soon..." The hand at her belly slid lower. Rachel gasped and stiffened. The movement pushed her harder against his erection, and the whole mix burned sensation through her veins. "I'm gonna do you in the hallway."

"Yeah." She lifted the card over her shoulder. "I need help."

He covered Rachel's hand with his own. "Sure about this? You can still change your mind."

It took a second for Rachel to drag her brain from warp speed. "I'm sure. Are you?"

"Never been more sure."

He released her hand and slipped the key from her fingers. He bit her earlobe, sending tingles down her neck. A quiet double beep sounded, and Nathan reached out and turned the door handle.

This is it.

Stepping over that threshold put her into a whole different phase of her life.

One thought back to that text from Nicole propelled her forward. Rachel wasn't that woman she'd been before. Wasn't the woman people could walk all over. Wasn't the woman who would settle. She wanted passionate and sexy and now. Nathan was all that-and no regrets.

He pushed the door open and walked Rachel inside, where he paused to flip on lights. With one arm still tight around her waist, he scanned the living area. "Holy shit," he said, "I'm gonna have to look into adding stunts to my resume."

The kitchen was small but all granite and stainless, complete with bar and barstools. The living room had a plush gray L-shaped sofa with two cream leather ottomans the same length and width. Beyond, there was a dining room with a cherry table and six padded chairs.

Nathan dropped the bags from his shoulder, slipped her purse from her arm, adding it to the pile, then bent his knees and whisked his hands underneath her skirt and up her thighs as he straightened. His warm, rough hands abraded her skin, and Rachel drew a breath, her hands clutching his forearms.

"This is a great place to start."

He walked her toward one wide ottoman, his mouth on her neck, his fingers slipping beneath the edge of her panties. Her breathing came fast and shallow. Her heart went wild. God, she wanted this. Wanted to be mindlessly fucked. He felt so good. Why hadn't she done this sooner?

She released his hands and reached up and back, circling her arms around his head, arching her ass into his erection.

"Oh yeah," he murmured against her neck.

She sank her fingers into his hair, pulled his head up, and kissed him with all the lack of inhibition the alcohol provided. He growled approval into her mouth while sliding her underwear down her legs. Then he leaned in, bending her forward, and broke the kiss as he crouched to slip her panties off her feet.

When she started to toe out of her boots, he gripped her calf. "No. These fuck-me boots stay on."

The demand in his voice speared her pussy with excitement, adding wet heat and pressure between her legs.

He shoved the ottomans against the sofa with one work boot, making it a single large unit. Then slowly bent her over the cushions, guiding her arms down while he slid her dress up her thighs, and over her ass. Rachel now stood bent at the waist, her bare ass in the air, a stranger behind her, preparing to fuck her, and she couldn't remember ever feeling this alive.

The thrill coiled in her belly, spreading heat lower until her pussy ached. The position, the exposure, both embarrassed and titillated as the cool air licked her exposed sex. "Nathan..."

He didn't answer but used his feet to press hers together, then gripped her hips and slowly lowered into a crouch behind her.

Oh. My. God was all she could think, knowing her ass and pussy were at his eye level now. Knowing he was staring. And, God, how did that make her so wet? How did that make her want to open her legs and push into his mouth?

"God, I love this view," he murmured before his touch made Rachel startle.

He slid a finger over her pussy, stroking one side, then the other. Rachel clenched her teeth even as more wetness stirred inside her. He cupped her ass cheeks and massaged her folds with both thumbs, his movements firm and languid and insanely exciting. Rachel wiggled backward toward him, unable to stay still. Her pussy felt swollen and throbbed hot. "Nathan, you promised."

He pulled her open gently. The decadent stretch made her gasp; the cool air stroking her made her moan and rock her hips. And finally, finally, Nathan covered her with his mouth, and her mind flashed with the image of that dark stubble and those full lips against her sex-so naughty, so exhilarating.

But he didn't give her the touch she needed. He just breathed long and gentle, washing her pussy with moist heat.

Rachel moaned and arched toward his mouth. "More..."

He rewarded her with a long, firm stroke of his tongue.

"Oh God..." Then another. "God, yes..." She dropped her head against her arms, locked her knees, and met his lapping tongue with a matching roll of her hips. "So good. Don't stop."

Which was exactly when he stopped.

She growled and glanced past her arms toward him. "Nathan."

When she focused on his handsome face flushed with fiery lust, his lips glistening, she realized exactly how much light filled the room. Realized exactly how well he could see. And another jolt of shame heated her chest.

He licked her taste from his lips, his eyelids heavy, the look so sexy she wanted to melt in his mouth.

"Mmm," he hummed. "Yum." Then his touch returned-one finger sliding inside her. And, God, that was good. But not enough. She needed so much more. She pushed into his touch, but he pulled back and gripped her hip with the other hand. "Hold on, baby, I'm searching for that spot."

"What spot?"

"The one that will make you scream."

Good God. He had to be a perfectionist? Really? "Getting inside me will do it. I promise."

A furrow created a crease between his brows. "I think you might be right."

But instead of pulling out, he added a finger and pushed deeper. And deeper. And deeper. And...

"Ah..." Pleasure hammered her pelvisve. Her stomach contracted. Her lungs seized. "Fuck."

"There it is," he murmured, triumph in his voice. "Damn, this is going to be so good."

Rachel couldn't process his words until Nathan had pulled his hand from her body. Her mind was beginning to clear when his mouth pressed kisses to the base of her spine and slowly moved south. He knelt behind her, gripped her left ankle, and slid her foot sideways, spreading her legs.

Rachel's chest compressed. Her teeth clenched. Hands fisted. But she'd told him to fuck her any way he liked. So she kept her insecurities to herself, and in setting them aside, the physical pleasure intensified.

His fingers stroked the sensitive skin of her inner thighs before his mouth closed on her pussy. His tongue stroked her folds, lapped toward her clit. Every touch pushed her farther into the clouds. Her hips undulated to the rhythm of his mouth, taking her to the edge of orgasm only to have him release her, unfulfilled.

His fingers pushed deep inside, searching, then stroking something there that spread pleasure through her lower body-hip to hip, belly button to knees. Made her arch her back. Made her push into his touch. Made her beg and beg and beg.

She'd never begged. Nothing had ever been good enough.

His tongue returned, but his fingers remained, and the wet heat of his mouth warmed the sensitive skin behind her opening. His tongue added varying pressure and wicked sensations until her nails cut into her palms, and her teeth dug into her lower lip. "Fuck, Nathan," she rasped, dragging in air. "Please..."

He growled, thrusting harder, rubbing that button inside her faster. And his tongue moved toward her ass, oh God, his tongue...

No. No, no, no, he wasn't doing this. She should tell him no. Tell him to stop. But the sensation of him stroking the pucker of her ass... How could anything feel...so...good?

Round and round and round with his tongue.

Pound, pound, pound with his fingers.

"Ah..." An insane rush of pleasure made her cry out over and over, the orgasm climbing, gathering, tightening... "Ah... God..."

The orgasm hit her so hard, her muscles clenched until she curled. That wave would ebb only for another to crash, and she bowed until her muscles cramped. Wave after wave hit, each dwindling in length and intensity until she shivered, panting, limp in the arm Nathan had around her waist.

"Holy..." she panted, "fuck."

The rustle of fabric sounded behind her, then Nathan released her and tugged her dress up and over her head. His hands slid down her arms, his fingers closing around her biceps, and drew her upright. The cool air made her skin prickle, and she looked back at Nathan, but her hair fell across her face and fluttered in her quick breaths.

"God damn," Nathan murmured, "you are gorgeous."

She blew enough hair away to see him, surprised...confused...that he hadn't undressed, only lowered his pants on his hips enough to free himself. And...yum...his cock was rigid and thick.

She started to turn for him. "Let me-"

"Later." He pulled her arms behind her until her shoulder blades pinched and her back arched, then clasped her elbows in one big hand. "Kneel on the ottoman."

She lifted one knee to the padded surface in front of her, but apprehension stung her ribs. "Nathan?"

"Don't worry." The low, rough voice didn't match his words. "This is going to be so good."

She wore only her bra, which-out of the throes of passion-felt odd with Nathan fully dressed and in control. The situation both frightened and thrilled. But this was what she'd been wanting-a new direction. And this was definitely different. She could do this. She already liked it. She just had to allow herself that freedom.

Rachel lifted her other knee to the ottoman. She was out of breath, dizzy, and her pussy felt heavy, still pulsing with random shards of ecstasy.

Nathan pushed her thighs together with his free hand. Frustrated, she glanced over her shoulder again. "I need you inside me."

He grinned, sexy and maybe slightly condescending. "Oh, you'll get me."

The rip of paper sounded behind her, then he said, "Sorry, this is going to be cold, but worth it."

And his hand stroked her pussy. Rachel started, her legs clamping tighter in automatic reaction, but Nathan continued to spread something smooth and slick and cool and utterly decadent over her pussy. She was already moaning at the feel of it when he pushed the liquid up inside her.

She closed her eyes and dropped her head back. "Oh God..."

The feeling was almost indescribably delicious. Smooth. Slick. Gliding over her skin, making his touch sinfully erotic.

"Gets better." His hand disappeared, replaced by the head of his cock, thick and round and silky. "Right now."

He pushed up and in, gliding past her opening with a slick, super-snug fit. Her body parted. Her walls stretched. With the lube he'd used to prep her, the sensation was mind-bendingly off the charts, and Rachel cried a surprised sound of pleasure. She opened her legs to allow him deeper, but Nathan's hand clamped down on her thigh and pressed it closed again.

"Hold 'em together," he murmured in her ear, his voice taut. "More friction."

The orders made Rachel shiver. He thrilled her in the strangest way. But he also unnerved her a little, and she felt the need to show him her mind and her will were still intact. She glanced over her shoulder and leaned back, loving the feel of his cotton-covered chest. She lifted her chin and bit gently at his jawline, and murmured, "Then fuck me already."

His grin came fast. "Yes, ma'am."

He tightened his grip on her arms, and the action zinged pain along her shoulders. He withdrew from her in a slow stroke that made Rachel's eyes close and her throat tighten with decadence. Then thrust again, but shallow.

"Not enough," she said.

"So tight..." he said, his voice a low growl.

"More." Her brain grew hazy, her body frantic. "More, Nathan."

"Greedy little thing." He dug his free hand into her waist and held her steady, plunging deeper. Her body expanded to take him, spreading pleasure across her hips.

"Oh-hoh..." Her head dropped back, and she clenched her teeth. "So good."

"Enough?" His low, rough voice sounded at her ear and tingled down her neck.

"Not near." She opened her eyes to his. The fire there was a wild aphrodisiac. One that made her feel powerful. One that gave her the confidence to act like the woman she wanted to be but wasn't. "I'm greedy, remember? I want it all."

Lust flared in his eyes, now a stormy sea-green, and he pulled out slowly while holding her gaze. "You think you can take all of me into this tight little pussy?"

"Yes," was all she could manage.

He thrust again, another inch deeper, spreading the pleasure wider. Her lips parted on a mewl, and the sound made his lips curl.

"You sure?" he asked. "There's a lot more here if you want it all."

Her eyes closed on the thrill of that fact. "Yes."

He released her waist and slid his hand up her belly, paused to cup her breast and pinch her nipple, and a shard of sensation stroked her clit. Then his hand continued higher and wrapped around the side of her neck, his fingers extending toward her throat.

A sliver of fear cut into her pleasure, creating a kind of edgy thrill she'd never known. He was clearly dominating her, yet doing it in a way that delivered unsurpassed ecstasy.

One time. One night. Let go.

When she finally opened her eyes and met his, he whispered, "Ready?"

She swallowed and her throat rolled beneath his fingers. "Yes. Please."

His thrust was quick, hard and deep, matching the sound from his chest.

Pressure. Stretch. Burn. Then delirium swept her mind as all the sensations melted into an intense, complicated mix she'd never experienced.

"Heaven." His gravelly voice filled her ear, his body now still, his cock buried deep inside her. Owning her. "Pure, fiery heaven."

The hand at her neck turned her head, and his mouth closed on hers, kissing her with lust and passion and... With no other word for it, she had to call the emotion she tasted... affection.

When he lifted his head and eased out of her body, Rachel's legs shook with a fatigue she hadn't seen coming. Nathan either didn't notice or didn't care, because he tightened his grip on her arms, pulling them farther behind her, thrusting her chest forward and her pelvis back. And discomfort crawled along her shoulders.

"Nathan..." she complained.

"The farther you kick your ass back, the better this will be."

She obeyed, increasing the tilt of her hips. With her legs closed tight, the motion massaged her clit, an indirect and unexpected but maddeningly tantalizing stimulation.

"Jesus," she breathed, unable to process the layers of sensation and pleasure and complicated emotion.

Nathan pushed into her again, slower, deeper. Then pulled back. So slowly, she felt every millimeter of his cock slide along her walls. Felt the collapse of her pussy as he retreated. And immediately craved the pressure again.

"Now move with me," he said. "You set the pace, the angle, the depth. Find your pleasure."

She couldn't process his focus on her enjoyment because her body urged her to move. And rocking her hips into his thrusts at her discretion allowed her to do exactly what he'd instructed-find her pleasure. . Each forward tilt of her pelvis stroked the hard length of Nathan's cock along her ass cheeks. Each backward plunge filled her with thrilling pressure, and massaged her clit.

Pleasure built slowly, intensely, to insane levels.

"Oh yeah," he rasped, matching her rhythm and filling her pussy with heat and friction, while teasing her clit with only enough pressure to spill wicked sensation through her hips, but not enough to climax. The hand at her throat, lowered again, his fingers digging into her ass with just enough bite to remind her they were fucking. Not having sex. Fucking. "You got it. Quick learner. This is gonna be one long-ass, fun night."

Pleasure had swallowed Rachel. She had no voice other than sounds of pleasure. No thoughts beyond never stop or make me come. And as she lost focus, Nathan picked up the slack, driving her closer to the edge with perfect strokes.

She arched and cried out. So close. She was so close she shivered with the power of the orgasm trapped inside.

His hand released her waist and cupped her breast. Squeezed and molded as he drove into her again, but missing the depth she needed to climax. He pinched her nipple through the lace of her bra and pumped his hips again and again. A whimper for release rose from her throat.

Pinch, thrust, release. Pinch, thrust, release. He added a twist and held for three hard, deep, slow strokes while a scream built in Rachel's chest.

"Let m hear you, baby," he murmured."

She let the sound out, something pathetically needy. Nathan growled in answer, his hand tightening on her breast, his teeth closed on the skin at her nape, his hips pumped harder. Faster.

"Yes..." Finally. "Yes." She flexed and clenched her fingers, now tingling from Nathan's restriction. "Don't sto-"

Her orgasm lunged from the depths of her body and gripped her pussy. Her throat closed around a scream and she seized with pleasure. Her mind blew into a million pieces, everything white and light. The ecstasy traveled through her body like fire, engulfing her belly, her chest, her limbs. She jerked, then shuddered. Then went limp, basking in the absolute release.

As her body relaxed, her mind returned, and thought teased the edges of her brain. Nathan had let go of her arms and held her tight by the waist, trailing kisses the length of her neck. And his cock still filled her, long and hard.

"Oh," she breathed, "my God." She wanted to turn over, to pleasure him the same way, but didn't have the physical or mental strength. Her body was still buzzing with adrenaline, and the feel of him inside her kept a certain level of arousal banked.

Nathan eased one knee to the ottoman between hers, then the other. Slowly, he pushed her knees wide and positioned himself behind her. Then used his thighs and lifted, driving himself deep.

"Ready for round...three?" he murmured in her ear.

"Jesus...Christ..."

She'd never had more than one orgasm during sex. Never had a man who could last past her single orgasm. So the way his rigid cock electrified the walls of her pussy and made her throat thicken shocked her. Her belly contracted. Her pussy clenched. And fire burst to life again.

"This time I'm going deep. This time, your orgasm is going to be full-body, and it's going to be with mine. Got it?"

On one hand, she didn't like the way he was telling her what to do or how to do it. On the other hand, how the hell could she argue after the pleasure he'd already delivered? Twice. She could continue giving up control for the potential of more... Couldn't she?

"Yes," she managed.

"Good girl." He bit the edge of her jaw. "I want you to say that every time I do something that feels good. Can you do that?"

"Yes."

He lowered, dragging out of her slowly, and Rachel groaned at the feel of it. She leaned back and curved her arm around his head and let herself go. Let her mind float. Allowed herself to stop worrying-about what was right or wrong, good or bad, appropriate or unseemly. She didn't try to talk. Or think. Or be anybody. That alone felt amazing. Freeing.

Then Nathan gripped her waist and pulled her hips down while he drove upward, meeting her halfway. They met with a bang-the head of his cock slamming that place he'd been searching for earlier with his fingers, that place she'd been aching for him to find moments ago-and a surprised sound of pleasure popped from her lips.

"Perfect," Nathan murmured, repeating the action. "Fuck me, baby."

Rachel didn't have to do much, Nathan had a hold of her hips and was moving her exactly the way he liked. The way she liked too. Something she'd never known she would ever like. A level of pleasure she'd never even known existed.

His thrusts grew stronger, his pull of her hips harder; their meetings grew in force to this side of painful, which added to the pleasure's intensity.

Every thrust driving ecstasy into her bloodstream like a drug, making her scream like a woman possessed, "Yes, yes...fuck yes."

He released her hips, gripped her breasts, clamped her nipples between his fingers, her shoulder between his teeth, and hammered into her. Her orgasm exploded at her core. She bowed and screamed. She fisted Nathan's hair and held tight as he continued to thrust, growling out his own rabid release. When his climax's grip faded, he lowered to his heels, still inside her, and trembling from the intensity.

With his forehead pressed to her back, his warm breath swept her spine, and she combed her fingers through his hair. Unforgettable. Mind twisting. Life altering. They were all thoughts that flitted through her pleasure-soaked mind.

When he'd caught his breath, Nathan pulled from her body and eased her down onto the oversize ottoman, then followed her, flopping onto his back and closing his eyes.

They lay there, spent, for long, quiet moments when their breaths were the only sound. Rachel fought to keep her mind from wandering to the reality of her situation: lying on a footstool, in a hotel room, naked except for her boots and her bra, next to a complete stranger who'd just given her the fuck of her life.

A complete stranger who was still fully dressed.

Slut.

As soon as the first judgment slipped in, she viciously shut down her brain. Sex was a normal biological human need. Only society put limits on the who, when, where and how of it. And Rachel was done with limits.

"Baby..." Nathan said, his voice choppy around quick breaths. "That was un-fucking-believable."

She smiled, and a light happiness she hadn't felt since she'd been young swept in and settled like an old friend. She'd definitely add un-fucking-believable to her list.

His hand landed on her hip and slid down her thigh. "I'm gonna clean up. Then let's explore this place, find another cozy corner, and mess around some more."

"Mess around," she teased. "You make us sound like teenagers."

Levered up on one elbow, he grinned down at her and splayed his hand over her belly. "You make me feel better than a teenager."

She laughed, and he rolled into a sit up, then stood, hiking his pants higher.

"Hey." She turned and grabbed for his shirt, catching the hem. "Why are you still dressed, while I'm nearly naked?"

He grinned over his shoulder before twisting and pinning her upper body with his. Slowly, he let his head fall until their lips touched. Until their tongues spiraled. Until he sighed and pulled away with a teasing grin in his pretty eyes. "Maybe," he murmured, sliding the tip of his nose down the length of hers in a gesture so sweet it clutched at her heart, "because you were born to be naked and beneath me."

To ease the pressure in her chest, she pulled in a dramatic gasp. Nathan laughed and rolled to his feet again so fast, she hadn't even thought about grabbing him until he was out of reach. All she could do now-unless she wanted to move, which she absolutely did not-was taunt, "You wish."

"Hell yes." His smile softened, and something passed through his eyes, something that looked in that instant like longing. But then it was gone, and Rachel couldn't tell if it was real or imagined. "I gotta clean up, babe."

She sighed as he sauntered toward a hallway. "Come back naked."

He turned the corner, then poked his head around the jamb and tossed his balled-up T-shirt at her.

"That's a start." She couldn't wait to see all that muscle she'd felt, touch all his tanned skin, slide her hands over his tattoos.

In the distance, a door closed. The sound of water trickled in. Rachel took a moment to close her eyes and relax into the leather beneath her, absorbing the sensation of being so completely, deliberately, and expertly fucked. Her muscles felt liquid, her pussy tingled, and she couldn't stop smiling.

Why hadn't she done this a long damn time ago?

The toilet flushed, and Rachel pried her eyes open, then dragged his T-shirt on over her head. She pulled the cotton to her nose, breathing in his scent-musky and spicy and so very male. Then she slipped off her boots and socks, pulled on her panties, and...bit her lip at a new surge of unease.

What happened now?

5

After cleaning up, Ryker braced his hands on the edge of the sink and stared at the reflection of his dog tags in the mirror. He'd forgotten all about them until he'd tugged his shirt off in the hallway. If Rachel had gotten him naked earlier...

A flash of how furious she might have been at seeing his full name on the tags snaked a river of dread through him.

He pulled his tags off over his head and stuffed them into his pants pocket. Only now, he felt naked. No, worse-he felt vulnerable. Which was epically stupid. Taking off a few tin tags couldn't shed his life in the military.

He shook the thoughts away. She hadn't seen them, thank God. The rubber edge covers he'd added a decade ago had kept them quiet, and the length of the chain If she'd felt them, she hadn't said anything. He was pretty sure he'd dodged that bullet.

Explaining these tattoos, though... Not impossible, but probably awkward. Then again, she hadn't made a big deal out of the flag on his arm. Whatever, he'd power through the inquisition if it came to that. Downplay it as much as he could without outright lying.

Direction renewed, he cupped his hands beneath the cool water and splashed his face again. He'd already done a quick wipe down to clean off his travel, because if he discovered Rachel wasn't doing a Renegade, he planned on staying supremely personal with her for the rest of the night..

His head was still hazed around the edges from that orgasm. He hadn't come that hard in a long time. His body hummed with testosterone, adrenaline, and triumph. She was one hot little multi-orgasmic rocket.

A slow smile curved his mouth. He always took pride in a job well done. Only... He lifted his gaze to the mirror. This time he'd done the job with one of Troy's coworkers.

Of course he should have been thinking more clearly about this before he'd actually fucked her. And, if he were honest, he hadn't thought about it very hard, because he'd expected her to pull out of the deal before they'd ever made it to the hotel room. She hadn't seemed like the type to hook up with a stranger at a bar, and she'd offered spontaneously, after an obviously upsetting text message.

Then they'd gotten touchy in the van, and, well...yeah, after that, all he could think about was how he hoped she wouldn't pull out. He hadn't been thinking about the whole Troy connection at all.

Now, in light of how easy it had been to hook up with her and what an awesome fuck she was, he had to wonder-who else was she hooking up with?

Ryker's eyes closed in dread. God, he prayed she wasn't also having sex with some other member-or members-of Renegades. Worst of all Troy. But if she'd slept with, or was currently sleeping with, any of them, Troy would be in the mix. Ryker knew his buddy. Since Troy's ex had dumped him for the bright lights of Nashville, he'd been hell-bent on fucking every relatively sexy chick he could charm his way into. And Rachel ranked well beyond the relative sexy mark.

He shut the water off and dried his hands with mixed feelings growing in the pit of his stomach. On one hand, Ryker really, really, really hoped he hadn't just screwed his buddy's girl. On the other hand, he really, really, really wanted to do it again. Wanted to spend the whole night fulfilling fantasies-hers, his, theirs. Wanted to spend hours finding ways to make her scream yes, and Nathan, and some other naughty vocabulary he planned on teaching her.

He growled, pushed his already-hard-again cock back into his pants, and zipped. Then shoved the boots and socks he'd removed into the space between the cabinet and toilet.

Straightening, he gave himself a stern glare. Friendship always came before pussy. Always. Even great pussy, like Rachel. Ryker would have to find some way to confirm or disprove the fact that she wasn't seeing Troy without tipping her off to his own identity. Because, realistically, in her role as a secretary and his role as a temporary consultant in the field, they'd probably never meet up again. Which would make his identity a nonissue. No point in making it one.

Hell, it had been a long time since a woman made him toss logic out the window for sex. And it wasn't like he hadn't been getting any either. But he didn't want to think about why this woman was different. He needed to get this whole Troy thing straightened out first.

He exited the bathroom with his body amped for a literal fucking marathon. Great sex always hyped him. But he usually took that energy to the gym for a workout or the ocean for a swim. Tonight, he wanted to put all his energy right back into Rachel.

He passed the bedroom, a massive suite with a king bed, dresser, armoire, fifty-two-inch flat-screen TV, and adjoining bathroom, moved through the dining room with a full-size table, and turned past a marble-topped side buffet into the living room.

"What are your thoughts on fondue?" were the first words out of her mouth.

She was curled in the corner of the gray sofa, wearing his blue T-shirt, looking at something open in front of her, her bare feet curled beneath her. He glanced across the sofa and found her dress folded on an ottoman, her fancy cowboy boots sitting on top.

"That's...a random question," he said.

"Do you have any allergies?"

Her second question drew his gaze back. He took another look at her in his T-shirt. She had her thumbnail between her teeth, her head tilted down toward something open in her other hand, but her eyes were up and on him. And...damn...she was wearing his T-shirt.

"Oooo." The word sounded more like a purr and skittered over Ryker's skin. "Another tattoo." She patted the sofa beside her. "If you let me touch, I'll let you choose dinner."

His cock thickened. It liked that idea way too much. "You read my mind." He sauntered toward the sofa, unable to shake the strange sensation tumbling through his belly. "You're also wearing my shirt."

She lowered the menu and smiled. A knowing, sexy, teasing smile that made Ryker's stomach fold. "I didn't see a point in getting dressed." She hesitated, raised her brows. "I'll give it back if we can order fondue."

He didn't want it back. He wanted to look at her in it. Maybe even wanted to leave it with her. And wasn't that the strangest fucking idea ever?

"Baby, you made me a hell of a lot hungrier than a few pieces of bread and a little cheese is going to fix."

"No." She pushed the menu toward him, her eyes bright. "They serve it with chicken, steak, roasted vegetables, potatoes, pasta, and bread. And," she added, her tone and her gaze turning sexy again, "it comes with chocolate fondue for dessert."

He did love chocolate. And he could think of all kinds of ways to use liquid chocolate.

He crossed his arms and tilted his head. "I don't know. I'm a growing boy." He lifted his chin. "Talk more about my shirt."

She pursed her lips, let her eyes drift up toward the ceiling. "Okay, how about..." She focused on him again. "I give you the shirt as soon as dinner arrives and won't put my dress back on."

Ho-ly hell. Ryker couldn't keep the smile from crossing his face. But he did send up a prayer that she wasn't messing around with Troy. "I guess I could make that deal."

She smirked. "But it's a hardship, huh?"

"That's one of my favorite shirts."

"I can understand." She closed the menu, tossed it aside, and rubbed her hands down her chest, over her breasts, and across her stomach with a decadent hum. "It's super soft."

"Sweetheart." He lowered his voice in warning. "Do that again, and you will be my dinner." He reached out to pick up the menu but grabbed the sweet little foot tucked underneath her instead and pulled. Rachel squealed and laughed and squirmed away. But Ryker held her easily and pulled her foot to his mouth for a kiss.

Her toes curled and her leg flinched. "I'm ticklish."

When he released her foot, he caught a glimpse of the panties she'd put back on, and picked up the menu. "You're going to be sorry you told me that." As he strolled to the kitchen where a phone sat on the bar, he said, "And we need to renegotiate the fondue deal."

He turned and met her expectant gaze. "If I'm eating fondue for dinner, you're doing it without my shirt and without the underwear you've still got on underneath."

Her lips parted in surprise, and she crossed her arms. "Hardly fair. You haven't even been out of your pants."

"The important parts have been." He opened the menu, glanced down the selections, and chose the most offensive entree he could find, announcing it with a suggestive voice. "Oh, here we go-escargot and caviar."

"Ew, gross," she said, her voice half complaint, half order. "This is the deal: I either take off my shirt or my underwear, not both. You choose."

"It's my shirt," he corrected, snapping the menu closed with a grin. "And you drive a hard bargain."

"Oh, yeah, that's me," she said with a roll of her eyes. "The shark."

She was so damn cute all curled into his big shirt like that, her dark hair spilling over the light blue fabric, the sleeves down to her elbows. "Counteroffer," he said. "You keep the shirt, give up the bra and panties, but..." He held up his index finger and paused, then tapped his own chest, "I get to take them off."

She smirked. "I think I know who the shark is around here."

"Then it's a deal."

"Do-do, do-do," she sang, imitating the Jaws theme song. "Do-do, do-do."

An unexpected laugh bubbled out of him. "Escargot it is."

She cried out in melodramatic distress. "Okay, okay."

He picked up the phone and ordered fondue.

When he pulled out his wallet to put the charge on his card, Rachel said, "No, put it on the room." Ryker hesitated, and Rachel dipped her chin and gave him a stern look. "They owe me."

Actually, Ryker was beginning to think he owed them, but he couldn't exactly explain that without blowing his chance at the rest of the night with her. So he charged dinner to the room and started back to the sofa, prepared for that always-awkward, between-sexual-acts time period where he and a woman attempted to talk. He'd gotten decent at the meaningless stuff over the years, but had discovered that even if he sucked at talking, women still wanted to fuck him.

"Okay, I get it," she said, pointing at his Rangers tattoo as soon as he turned around. The classic emblem of the Army Rangers, a star with two rifles crossed in the background and a ribbon cutting across the image, took up most of his left flank. "Rangers. That's, like, a football team, right? But what are the guns? Are they for, you know"-she lifted one arm and pretended to flex her biceps-"these guns?"

A split second passed before he realized she was completely serious. And he-completely unexpectedly-burst out laughing. The humor released his tension and became cathartic, which kept him laughing and sucked every ounce of stress from his body. Eyes watering, side burning, he bent and pressed a hand to the sofa arm as control returned.

"What did I say?" she asked, laughing at his laughter, those brown eyes sparkling.

He shook his head and wiped his eyes. "You're just...priceless, that's all. Most people don't get that from this tattoo."

To keep her from digging deeper about the tat, he crawled onto the sofa and lay out on his stomach. Propping his chin on one forearm, he reached out and slid his other palm down her smooth calf.

"We should take care of that underwear now." He moved his hand back up her leg and under the hem of his shirt to her thigh. "Before the food gets here."

She stretched her leg forward, giving him more skin to grope, and covered his hand with hers. It was so small, so perfect compared to his big, scarred one. Her nails were mid-length, manicured, and unpainted. Nothing like the long, blood red, fluorescent orange, or sparkling purple nails of the last three women he'd fucked in New Orleans.

"You're not naked," she said.

"First things first." He pushed up onto his elbows, hooked a finger into her panties at each hip, and tugged. They slid low, showing the neat dark strip of hair down the middle of her pussy. "Jesus, you make my mouth go dry."

She bit her lip with a sexy smile as her panties passed her silky thighs, her toned calves, her pretty little feet. Then she curled back into the shirt.

He pulled her foot out again by her toes, making her laugh, then stroked her leg until she relaxed. With his chin in his other hand, he met her eyes. "Tell me about Rachel. Your job is pretty, I don't know, unusual. A beautiful woman, working around all those hunky guys, rich actors, powerful producers. You've got to have men after you all the time. What possessed you to pick up a nobody like me at a bar?"

Her smile disappeared, and a frown of disapproval created a crease between her slim brows. "Nobody is better than anyone else," she said, voice soft. "Especially not based on fame or money or power or looks."

Huh. Hit a nerve.

He massaged her instep with his thumb. "What about the guys you work with. You may think of them as brothers, but I can promise you, from a guy's perspective, they don't think of you as a sister. You're way too sexy."

Her frown eased into a smirk. "I don't mix work and sex. Period. My job is hard enough as it is."

His chest decompressed, but he had to be sure. "I don't get how a hot little thing like you is unattached. Did you just get out of a relationship?"

"Not just. It's been a while. And I like it this way. I'm busy, my life is complicated, full. I don't have room for anything permanent or demanding."

She almost couldn't be any more perfect. One last clarification... "And the last relationship, it wasn't with one of the guys you work with?"

"No." She laughed and gave him a what-is-your-issue look. "I am very capable of drawing a hard friendship-only line. Of course"-she grinned-"my boss's 'Hands off Rachel' policy is also helpful."

Ryker chuckled and refrained from punching his fist in the air. "Smart boss. Nothing would get done if they were fantasizing about you all the time."

"Oh, Nathan," she sighed. "You haven't been in LA long. After a few days, you'll realize this part of the country is wall-to-wall glamour. And, honey, you will have those hotties flocking to you by noon tomorrow. I'm lucky I caught your eye before they did."

Her fingers sank deeper into his hair, and her head lowered, resting against his. The gesture made the last bit of tension drain from Ryker's shoulders. Made his eyes slide closed. But whatever connection they'd made in this short time created an uneasy ache in his chest too. One too similar to the loneliness he'd suffered since his men had been killed. One that made him a little edgy. A little desperate.

He turned his head and kissed her mouth. She hummed in pleasure, her lips sliding easily along his. That was all it took to haze the unease. But it wasn't enough. He needed to keep it away.

Ryker hooked a hand around her neck to keep their mouths fused and rolled to his back. A little moan slipped from her throat as her tongue stroked his. Fire erupted immediately. And now that fire was mixed with the gasoline of some dark emotion he needed to burn out.

Kneeling above his head now, Rachel's hands slid down his chest, his abdomen, then back up to his chest, and a delicious sound of sexual need rolled from her throat. Her fingers stoked his nipples, zinging excitement across Ryker's skin and making him suck a sharp breath.

She broke the kiss, her lips traveling over his jaw and down his neck on a sigh. Her hair fell forward, the soft, sweet-smelling strands trailing across Ryker's face. She leaned forward, pressed her lips to his shoulder, then kissed a line toward his belly button His own T-shirt brushed his face as she leaned forward, and he dragged in the sexually intoxicating smell of their mingled scents.

Her lips closed over his nipple, and he flinched with a shock of pleasure. Warm and tight, her mouth sucked, and sensation spread like a starburst. Ryker groaned, stretched his hands up to mold his T-shirt to her body. With her breasts positioned directly over his face, he tugged the fabric up, pushed the lace away, and pulled her nipple into his mouth, sucking greedily.

Her high-pitched, "Oh," vibrated against his skin, and the pinch of her teeth on his nipple made him groan and suck her harder.

He felt for the clasp to her bra, twisted the clip open, and pulled the fabric off her arms. Her breasts fell free, and he moaned at the delicious sight, cupping them with both hands and pressing the small, firm mounds together, licking her cleavage. Rachel's sighs, moans, and mewls were like drops of gasoline on a fire.

Her hands slid over his abdomen, one stroking his erection through his pants, the other sliding his zipper down. Then her hand crept beneath his boxers, and they were skin to skin.

"God." Ryker's mouth broke from her nipple. "Rachel," he panted, lifting into her touch. "Dinner's going to be here soon."

"Mmm-hmm."

She released his cock, rose up on her hands, and moved farther down his body, her hair sizzling a trail over his abdomen as her own belly came into view. Her hands pushed at the waistband of his jeans, and her intention hit him full force. Fierce hunger slammed his gut. Blood surged into his cock.

Christ, this woman was one wild surprise after another.

And he was all fucking in.

He gripped her waist and pulled her belly down to his mouth, kissing, biting, and licking his way lower. Rachel had his pants all the way down to his calves, and he kicked them off as she closed one hand around his cock and cupped his balls with the other. An electric jolt of pleasure made him flinch. He tilted his head to glance down, past her full breasts, and watch her lick her hand, then slide her palm over his length. Heat and pressure and friction slammed his lower body. He closed his eyes and lifted his hips.

Crazy erotic. Crazy good. Ryker pulled her hips down and buried his face in her soft lower belly, biting the skin there to ease the intensity of his pleasure. Then suckling to ease the sting. Rachel rose up on her knees again, gripped one of Ryker's thighs, and pulled it wide, then the other. He did the same with hers and slid his hand between them, over her pussy. Soft. Warm. And wet again.

"Oh God..." Her pussy tightened at his touch. Her wetness slid over his fingers. She was swollen and pink and perfect.

Fuck fondue. He was eating now.

He gripped her hips to pull her down to his mouth at the same time Rachel sucked the head of his cock between her lips. He pulled a sharp breath, tensed at the wash of pleasure through his shaft, his balls. "Fuck, baby..."

She stroked him with her tongue, sucked and sucked, then pulled him slowly from her mouth, only to immediately suck him back in and begin the exquisite torture again. Lust hammered him, and a wicked hunger swamped his body. He pulled Rachel's hips down and opened his mouth over her pussy.

A surprised sound of pleasure rolled through her throat. She sucked him harder. Licked faster. Driving Ryker to do the same. He stroked a heavy tongue over her, ate at her, sucked, nibbled. He couldn't get enough. Rachel's mouth slid all the way down his cock until the head touched her throat. A twisted growl broke from his chest, and he lifted, pushing a little farther. Willing her to open. Instead, she swallowed, and the movement squeezed his cock in a tight, warm roll.

"Oh, fuck." He dropped his head back. "Baby...fuck, that's good."

She hummed and swallowed again. And again. Ryker shuddered with every shot of ecstasy, barely holding off his orgasm. And in the back of his mind, that damn room service knock was coming.

When she took a break and drew him from her mouth, Ryker pulled her folds open, exposing the swollen bud of her clit, and sucked it between his lips. Her moan of pleasure, drove him to give more. He reveled in the respite from her mouth working her clit with his tongue, his lips. Pushed two fingers deep inside her and searched for that swell that made her scream.

Her hips undulated, her hand pumped his cock while she popped his head between her lips over and over. Ryker's hold on his climax slipped. He growled, nuzzled his mouth deeper, sucked harder.

Her orgasm broke just in time. Her hand clenched his cock on a long, deep cry of release. Her body stiffened and jerked and twisted. Ryker let go of his own climax, and it burst through him in a fiery stream of current and a guttural cry from his core.

Panting, legs shaking, Rachel rolled to her back, thudding onto the sofa next to him. She threw her arm over her eyes, chest heaving. And his own T-shirt, now draping messily over her chest and leaving the rest of her delicious body, was stained a dark blue where she'd pumped out his orgasm. The sight made him smile with a strange combination of lust and...he could only describe the sensation as ownership.

"Jesus," she breathed. "You're..." She shook her head. "You're..."

She licked her lips, sighed, lifted her arm, and stared at the ceiling.

A knock on the door startled them both, and they jackknifed into sitting positions at the same time, then looked at each other and laughed.

"Room service," a male voice called through the door.

Rachel glanced down his body, then her own, and grinned so big, her dimple curved deep into her cheek.

"One minute," he called to the guy, then fisted his hand and held it in the space between them. "Rock, paper, scissors?""

Her brows shot up. "Seriously?" She gestured down the shirt that had fallen to cover her body. "You want me to answer the door like this?"

"Chicken," he teased, pulling her hand into the space between them, closing his own fingers around hers so she made a fist. "Come on. One, two, three."

He held the fist. She flattened her hand. She laughed, covered his hand with hers, wrapping the paper around his rock, and drew out the word, "Loser."

"Wait, wait," he said, grinning. "Best two out of three."

"You're ridiculous. You know I'm not answering the door." She shoved his hand away and flopped back on the sofa. "And hurry up. Now I'm hungry for more than a few pieces of bread and cheese, too, and I've got some great ideas for that chocolate dessert."

6

Led Zeppelin's "Black Dog" blasted through the eight-speaker premium Bose surround-sound system in the Chevy Avalanche Ryker was using today, courtesy of his buddy Dune, still stationed in Afghanistan.

After Rachel had abandoned him during peak Twilight Zone hours that morning, Ryker had called his buddy back in Kandahar, who returned to Los Angeles every six months on leave, and Dune had given him the combination to his garage, where his nearly new fifty-thousand-dollar truck awaited, and a key to his apartment was stashed in the glove compartment.

Now, as Ryker skidded around another switchback along the fire road winding up Topanga Canyon, headed toward the ocean, he told himself Rachel's early departure was a good thing. He hadn't had to worry about the nightmares that often woke him and was able to catch a couple hours of sleep. The fact that she refused to take his cell phone number before she left was also for the best. He'd tried once more to tell her who he really was, but she hadn't wanted to hear that either.

Just as well.

Even if it didn't feel that way.

The truck's rear wheels slid on gravelly dirt and fishtailed. Ryker corrected. The tires grabbed, and the truck shot forward, driving Ryker up the grade.

"Hoo-ah!" he hooted as a fresh surge of adrenaline filled his veins. Damn that woman had given him one hell of a ride last night. Surprise after sexy surprise that still made him hard with nothing more than a split-second memory.

He'd get the dirt on her from Troy-in a roundabout, subversive way, of course. And if what she'd told Ryker was true-no involvement with his buddy, no involvement with another guy-he'd give her a call at Renegades' main office, probably somewhere downtown, or maybe get the office address from Troy and stop by to see her in a few days. Ask her out to lunch. Or dinner. Or...something.

He didn't date, per se, so he didn't know how to go about it, exactly. He picked up women, took them back to their place or a hotel, and fucked. And, yeah, he wanted that with Rachel again, but the tables were oddly turned on him this time-the woman being the one hitting the door before the sun rose. And he was pretty sure simply calling for another hookup wasn't going to work with her.

He'd take a few days to figure it out.

Warm wind poured through the open windows. His hair, now shaggy after a month of leave, blew over the top of his Ray Bans. And the California sun beamed through the moon roof, heating his skin. His teammate's "If you break it, you buy it" over the phone this morning barely whispered in his head now. What his buddy didn't know eight thousand miles away wouldn't hurt him. Hell, Dune would be doing this himself if he were here.

And, damn. Ryker wished his teammate were here.

Or, better yet, he wished he were back there, with his unit.

Guiding the truck into another turn and over another grade, growing closer to his final destination, Ryker forced the melancholy streak out of his head. He wouldn't get another chance like this for at least a year after he signed away another four to the army. Not exactly a hardship, in his opinion, but since his cocksucking CO had made this leave mandatory prior to extending his commitment, Ryker had decided to use it-to release, to let go, to forget.

As if the mere possibility of forgetting pissed off his psyche, memories crawled in from the corners of his mind.

"No way." He gritted his teeth and gunned the truck. He wasn't going to have a mental backslide now, dammit.

The Avalanche rocketed up and over the grade-to what, he didn't know, he couldn't see the other side. But he had another five miles until he reached the job site, and with his chest as tight as a grenade ready to explode, he'd drive the hell out of this rig until he reached it.

The front wheels cleared a small rise, and the truck launched into the air. A moment of all-encompassing quiet flooded the interior, all road noise gone, and Ryker's head filled with nothing but Robert Plant's shrill, "I gotta roll, can't stand still, got a flaming heart, can't get my fill..."

The tires slammed the ground with Zeppelin's wild chorus guitar riff rolling through Ryker's veins like cocaine.

Only the high didn't last near as long.

Instead of his gaze focusing on the deserted mountain terrain of scrub oak and rolling sandstone, a virtual city opened up before him-a mobile city with people and equipment everywhere.

"Shit." Ryker's belly flooded with fire. He pounded the brake and skidded again. His hands clenched the steering wheel, and the truck veered sideways. A group of men scattered, leaving behind whatever machinery they'd been clustered around. "Fuck, fuck, fuck."

The equipment came at Ryker fast. He hit the gas. The tires slipped on the sand, but the truck drifted far enough forward to clear it, continuing in a two-hundred-and-eighty-degree turn. He finally came to a jerky stop six inches short of slamming his buddy's fifty-thousand-dollar truck into a massive sandstone formation.

Ryker rocked with the vehicle for long moments. His breath finally broke from his chest in shaky pants, and he couldn't tear his gaze from the pinkish-tan hue of the rough rock through the driver's open window.

Zeppelin's tunes still ripped from the stereo. Ryker's mind darted in ten different directions-to the almost-incurred cost of repairing his buddy's almost-crushed vehicle, to the almost-incurred cost of the equipment he'd almost destroyed, to the almost-injured men he'd almost hit...

"Fuuuuuck..." He leaned forward, hitting the power button to the stereo. The sudden silence seemed all encompassing. Seemed to drain all the energy from his body. He exhaled heavily as he rested his forehead against the steering wheel and closed his eyes.

Footsteps crunched outside the car, bringing Ryker's hearing into full focus, and the sound of voices and machinery flooded in.

"I'd ask if you're okay, but you're the fucking man of steel, so I know you're fine." The voice was cool, deep, laced with humor. "But you probably just made four grown men shit their pants. Quite an entrance. You always did have to be the center of attention."

Ryker smiled, sat back, and opened his eyes to the dash. In his peripheral vision, the man he'd come to see and his childhood friend, Troy Jacobs, approached the driver's window.

"You said the site was thirteen miles from the gate. This is only eight miles, dumb shit." Ryker rolled his head on the seat and pinned Troy with a you-idiot glare. "You always did suck at math."

Troy's long hair was a curling, wild mess hanging to his shoulders. He hadn't shaved in at least three days, and his T-shirt and jeans were covered with a film of dirt beneath some crazy-ass harness. Sweat dripped down his face, dampened his hair, and darkened his black tee. Everything about his friend oozed vibrancy and energy and excitement, making Ryker realize it had been quite a while since he'd felt the same in his own life. Jealousy and longing stirred. A restlessness to get back to his unit. His own work.

The weeks remaining of his leave suddenly felt infinite.

"You fucker." Ryker rested his elbow on the window ledge. "The amount of fun you have in your job ought to be illegal."

"You're not one to talk." Troy planted his palms on the harness at his hips. "Get your ass into that trailer." He tilted his head toward one of many trailers littering the canyon. The long side had been covered in a stylized Renegades Stunt Company logo, and Ryker's mind instantly shot back to Rachel. "Sign a release form and come have some fun with us."

Troy pointed across the roof of the truck. Ryker squinted against the sun to where several people in harnesses like Troy's scaled the rock face-some with filming cameras hiked on their shoulders. A bevy of others milled at the bottom. "Is that what you want to blow up? The boulder?"

"No, this is a different scene."

"Troy!" The call drifted to them from a ledge on the face of a massive granite outcropping. "Get up here."

Troy pull the driver's door open. "Come on." He waited for Ryker to stand from the vehicle and walked with him toward the trailer. "The one we need your help on is way bigger. It's a bridge, located three hours north, and we need a big finale shot. We'll talk explosives as soon as we shoot this scene. For now, I'll introduce you to Rachel, get your Hancock on a few-"

Surprise cut along Ryker's nerves. His feet stopped dead at the base of the trailer's steps, where Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" poured from the open door at the top. "Rachel?"

Troy turned and looked back at him. "Yeah. Our secretary...manager... She sort of does everything but the stunts, really. You talked to her on the phone a week ago."

Ryker's mouth dried up. His belly coiled with...with...shit, he didn't even know. "What is a secretary doing here? On site?"

Troy turned and gave him a what-kind-of-question-is-that look, and Ryker immediately realized his screw up.

He turned and waved for Troy to follow. "Fuck the paperwork. Let's have fun."

Troy smirked with a ahake of his head. "Sorry, buddy. Those days of free adrenaline are over. All risks are now carefully calculated, insured, and contracted. But the worst would be Rachel getting ahold of me if I let you up there without signing a waiver first. She'd chew my ass to nothing."

"Listen, dude, I don't really have time to climb today anyway. Can't we just talk about the blast?"

Troy put his hands on his hips and frowned. "What the fuck else you gonna do?"

Right. He ran a hand over his head as the dread in his chest turned to stone and dropped to the pit of his stomach. "Yeah, okay."

Ryker turned back to the stairs, where Troy stopped him with a hand against Ryker's shoulder. "And let me tell you now," he said, gaze direct and serious, "she's off limits. Don't even think about messing with her."

His gut took a hit, and acid leaked in. "Why's that?"

"Because she's not fuck-and-dump material. She's as much family to me as you are. Got it?" Without waiting for a reply, Troy jogged up the trailer steps.

Ryker took a deep breath and searched for a strategy to handle the situation. And as the leader of a strategic team who handled life-and-death conditions on the fly every day under the worst possible conditions...

He came up completely blank.

"Come on," Troy said from the landing.

Ryker climbed the stairs with his mind darting in five different directions, but he couldn't think of anything to say or do at this point. Best to face it head-on. But, still, he hung back and let Troy enter first.

The inside of the trailer was dim with all the lights off. Only sunlight slanted in through three windows and the open door. As many fans moved warm air around the space.

The minute Ryker spotted Rachel standing near a filing cabinet, her back toward him, his whole body reacted-fire in some places, tightness in others. He shifted on his feet and stuffed his hands into his pockets, trying to stretch some of the sudden tension from his muscles, and feeling ridiculous for all the nerves.

Rachel's hair was piled into a knot on top of her head that looked as if it would tumble down any second, especially the way she was rocking that sweet little body of hers to the music. The slip of white fabric she probably called a dress was as tempting as her body, with a short skirt and halter top. One that made her skin glow tan and showed every great curve of her toned legs all the way down to where her calves disappeared into...

The sight of the same boots she'd worn the night before made longing, lust, and loss knot in his chest. He closed his eyes and rubbed them a moment. Yeah, he was definitely going to lose all possibility of seeing her again after this.

He sighed, crossed his arms, leaned his shoulder against the doorjamb, and tried to enjoy the sight of her tight little ass shaking to the music-even if he wouldn't ever touch it again.

"Why is it so dark in here?" Troy asked.

"Because it's hot," she answered without turning from the file drawer.

Her voice touched something in his chest.

"That's not an answer."

"It is to someone with a brain," she said, her voice sugar sweet, which made Ryker grin.

Troy glanced at Ryker with a women shake of his head, then said, "Can't you play something decent for a change?"

"Can't you get decent taste in music for a change?"

Troy grinned, and Ryker bit the inside of his lip against a laugh.

He glanced around the trailer. Clean. New paint. New carpet. There were two nice faux wooden desks, a few shelves, sofa, lounge chairs, little kitchen area with a refrigerator. And only slightly cooler without the sun beating down.

The way Rachel's hips rocked to the music made Ryker remember all her great moves the night before. How those moves had filled him with more pleasure in one night than any one man deserved. Especially him.

He shifted his weight and decided right then-if there were any way to experience her again before he left for sand city, he'd find it.

Rachel dropped her head back and sang along with the song, "Pa-pa-pa-pa-poker face." She closed the file drawer with a bump of her hip and danced toward her desk. "I wanna roll with him, a hard pair we will be..."

"Hey, Rach, I want-" Troy started.

"You always want something, Troy." She'd seen him darken her doorway but was trying her damnedest to stay busy and keep her mind off conflict. And Troy was the biggest conflict creator of all the Renegades. "Did you fill out a timecard this week? If you didn't, do it now. I'm not stopping everything to input your hours at the last minute so you can get a check again."

"You said you were doing payroll tomorrow," he complained.

"I'd rather not work on Saturday if I don't have to. And your lazy ass is not keeping me here. You should have had it in last week, and you've been here goddamned long enough to know it. I don't know why Jax let you slide for so long. Or why I let you slide either."

"Because you love me?" he asked with that little-boy hope in his voice.

"Pfffft. Right. I'm officially initiating tough love on your fine ass, Jacobs."

Besides, she wanted to tear down the plaster covering her brick fireplace in the house she was renovating this weekend to keep her mind off Nathan. Off the most memorable, most pleasurable, most sexually liberating night of her life. Off the fact that she'd turned down his request for her number, and his attempt to give her his own, before she left the hotel room. Sitting in this steaming trailer paying bills would not help keep her mind off anything pleasurable.

"Did you ever hear from that Ryker guy? What the hell happened to him?" she asked, pulling the last of the time cards from the pile. "After I finish payroll, I'm going to start on the risk assessment-"

"I did hear from Ryker," Troy said, his voice low with exaggerated patience. "He missed you at the airport and couldn't get ahold of me or Jax because of the lousy reception in these mountains, so he stayed with another friend."

"Mmm-hmm," she hummed with disinterest.

"And that's why I'm here," Troy continued. "Rachel this is Ryker. Ryker, Rachel."

Rachel's head popped up in surprise, and her gaze landed on a man standing in the doorway. In a mostly subconscious effort to beat the heat, she'd left the lights off in the trailer, and in the dusky, sunlit interior, she couldn't make out details. Only saw he was big. But not just big; he was muscled. Muscled in a way that told her he was fit, not just built. Over the last six months working with actors and stuntmen, she'd learned the difference.

And her mind darted to the man she'd been trying to forget all morning: Nathan. Nathan and that to-die-for muscle-bound body she'd made sure to taste every inch of before she'd left the hotel. Because, well, chances of experiencing a body like that again were slim to none in her world.

"Oh, sorry about that," she said, "I didn't know-"

He shifted, only a little, but the sun hit him at a different angle, one that showed the outline of shaggy, chocolate-colored hair falling over his forehead and the tops of his ears. Showed the angle of his cheekbone and the square edge to his stubbled jaw.

Her gut tightened. Her mind hit a wall.

No. Not the same man.

But her gaze rolled over him again. He had Nathan's height. Nathan's build. Nathan's lazy stance.

"Come in here, bro," Troy said, gesturing to Ryker. "The sun's at your back."

He dropped his arms, stuffed his hands into his front pockets, and took a few steps forward.

And she knew. Knew by the way he moved even before his handsome face came into view. And when it did, she was looking at Nathan. Again.

Her heart jumped and pounded in her throat. Her mind scrambled. How? Why? She thought back to their conversation the night before...

He'd known. Known who she was well before they'd gone to the hotel. Known she'd been there for him, yet hadn't said anything. Then taken her back to the hotel-his own damn hotel room-and fucked her blind?

She darted a look at Troy, searching for knowledge of her night with Nath-Ryker; that was going to be hard to get used to-in his eyes. But he only gave her a perplexed what's-your-deal expression.

That was when she realized her mouth had fallen open and purposely closed it. Anger, embarrassment, shame, fear, they tangled at the base of her throat. She dragged herself together, looked at Troy, and straightened from her desk. "Excuse me?"

"My buddy," he said with that hello-is-anybody-home? tone, "Ryker. You know, the one I told you about? The one you talked to over the phone last week about the explosion project?"

"Ryker," she clarified, looking directly into his eyes. God, she hated that name for him.

A combination of guilt and indifference played on his face as he obviously straddled an uncomfortable fence. "Nathan Ryker."

Apology filled his tone but didn't begin to touch Rachel's fury.

Troy gave him a strange look and added, "But everyone's called him Ryker since he was a kid. We grew up together."

Holy. Fuck.

This is not happening.

But staring right at the man made it impossible to hold on to that little fantasy for even a second. She crossed her arms and clenched her fists. With him standing in her office, knowing how close he was with Troy, a sense of vulnerability tore at her chest. She felt so utterly exposed in the place most important to her.

"Rach," Troy said, "I've got to finish this scene. Can you get Ry to sign some basic paperwork? A release form, that kind of thing?"

A new level of alarm snaked in. "Why does he need a release form?"

"So he can come out and climb with us later." Troy's tone questioned her challenge. "And so he can consult on this bridge gig without any complications."

The floor seemed to roll beneath her feet like an earthquake. "Wait, wait, wait." She held up a hand and paused to gather a sliver more composure, but only because Nathan's eyes were on her. "You told me he was coming as a favor to you. You told me you two were going to bullshit about the project. You told me it was going to be a casual back-and-forth, nothing formal. Consulting is formal. So which is it?"

Please say he's only here to talk.

The thought of having Nathan around every day reminding her of what they'd done or, holy shit, worse, if he said anything to the guys... Panic welled. Warmth travelled up her neck and into her face.

"Um," Nathan started, hesitantly, "Hold on. Troy...?"

"Troy," someone yelled into the trailer, "better get over there, man. We're running late, and we've already had enough problems for one day."

"Tell them I'll be right there." Troy turned back to Rachel. "Look, just take care of Ry for me until I get back, okay. And be nice, Rach. Jax got a call from Townsend while he was on the rock. I have a feeling we're going to need this guy"-he slapped Nathan's arm-"more than we thought."

Rachel's mouth opened, but nothing came out, there was nothing to say. Her head was spinning, her heart folded into an origami turkey. Troy jogged down the trailer's steps, leaving behind a shake and rattle in his wake.

Fuck, fuck, fuck.

She couldn't believe this was happening. Shame crawled through every cell in her body. The whole reason she'd chosen a stranger to fuck with abandon was so she wouldn't have to see him again. Wouldn't have to face the reality of all the nasty things she'd done to him, with him, let him do to her. Wouldn't be tempted to do it all again. Wouldn't develop a desire for even more.

Because she wasn't doing more, dammit.

She rounded her desk and stalked for the door.

"Rachel-" Nathan started, his voice filled with apology and a let's-work-this-out tone.

She sliced him a glare and held up a hand to silence him. After slamming the trailer door, she closed all three windows-heat be damned-and turned on Nathan. She pulled off her glasses and tossed them on her desk. "What in the fuck?"

"You look..." His voice was smooth and deep and as dreamy as she remembered...dammit. His gaze slid over her, appreciative, hungry. "Beautiful."

Her chest constricted. "Nathan..." She couldn't keep the whine from her voice. "This is my work. These people are like family to me."

"I didn't know you'd be here," he said, as calm as she was frantic. "I thought you'd work at some central office downtown. I didn't expect to see you on a stunt set."

"That is so beside the fucking point." And her thoughts were so jumbled, she couldn't even identify the point. All she knew was she'd been ambushed. And this was a real problem. And she was so pissed.

"You might want to move the strap on your right shoulder a little farther in," he said, gesturing on his own body. "Looks like I left a bite mark-"

"You knew who I was," she blurted out, to both shut him up and soothe the tingle of awareness with the reminder of how and when and why he'd given her that bite mark. "You heard my phone call to Troy."

"I did." His gaze kept skimming her body. "God, that dress-"

"You knew I was there to pick you up."

"I did. But I forgot to tell you before you left this morning, that last night you earned the right to wear those boots, baby."

"Oh my God." She burned with the memory of riding him, forward, backward, hard and fast, slow and deep. "Why?" she cried, throwing her arms out to the side. "Why didn't you tell me?"

"Would you have asked me back to the hotel if you'd known?"

"No, but you didn't know that."

A lopsided smile curved his lips. "I had a damned good idea. And I really wanted you."

Rachel covered her face with both hands, rubbed at the tension, then let them drop in futility.

"I want to remind you," he added, his tone conciliatory, "that I tried to tell you. Twice."

"God." She drove her hands into her hair . "Please tell me Troy doesn't know."

"No, I didn't tell Troy." He sauntered toward her, and his scent wrapped around her, touched her nose, made her ache. "Why is that so important to you? Do you have a thing for him?"

"What? No." Okay, that had come out wrong. She closed her eyes and shook her head. "I told you, he's like my brother. Besides it wouldn't matter if I did. I meant what I said last night. No complications. And if the people here found out, it would be a big complication for me."

"I hear you," he said, voice reassuring. "We're on the same page, Rachel."

"No. You're here. That is the epitome of complication."

He tipped his head and narrowed his eyes. "What kind of complication?"

Unease fluttered in her stomach. "It doesn't matter. All that matters is that it would cause problems."

"Mmm," he hummed. "I don't think so. I think you might not want anyone close to see your naughty sex-kitten side."

"Don't go there," she warned.

"I think-"

"I don't care what you think."

"That you've got this sweet thing"-he gestured to her head to toe-"all dialed in. The guys here see you the way Troy sees you-as a little sister. And that keeps you safe. Because if they knew what a nuclear bomb you were in bed, you'd never have any peace. Your life would be nothing but complication after complication. Isn't that right?"

She crossed her arms. "Don't you dare analyze me after one night. You don't know anything-"

"I know"-he lowered his voice and stepped closer, now only six inches away-"that any man who'd had you give his cock a chocolate massage, then watched you suck off every last trace of it like a lollipop, wouldn't be able to think of anything else when they looked at you."

Dread, shame, excitement, and lust collided and tangled. Just having him close, just hearing his voice made her full and achy.

"Don't Nathan. I can't...do this here."

"Does remembering make you wet?" he asked in a whisper, like he was telling her a secret. "Because remembering the way you begged for more makes me hard."

"This." She pointed to the floor between them. "This right here. This is exactly the kind of complication I can't have. This is why I chose someone I didn't know to sleep with."

"Baby, neither of us did any sleeping last night."

Footsteps pounded on the stairs. Rachel startled and backed away from Nathan, turning toward her desk. Jesus, she had to pull herself together. She was fraying like a torn rope.

Rachel kept her back toward the trailer door as it opened, straightening a stack of papers on the shelves behind her desk. She took a slow deep breath, closed her eyes, and exhaled in a controlled stream.

I'm okay. I can handle this.

"Hey," Wes said. The sound of his voice relaxed her shoulders. "Wes Lawson," he introduced himself to Nathan, and they shook hands. "You must be Ryker."

"That's me. And you're the engineer?"

Wes's million-dollar smile lit up the trailer. "That's me."

"Good to meet you." Wes released Ryker's hand and lifted the tube he carried in the other. "You're gonna like what I've got in here. Blueprints for that devil you're going to help us take down. You're coming to Jax's house tonight with everyone, right? So we can talk everything over in detail?"

"Jax's house?" Rachel asked, the previous night's alcohol, sex, and lack of sleep finally catching up with her. "Who's everyone?"

"You know," Wes said, "everyone. We're barbecuing. Talking business."

Rachel's temper snapped. "First you guys send me on a wild-goose chase at the airport, then you spring Na-Ryker on me without any notice, now there's some working dinner at Jax's I know nothing about. What the hell is going on around here?"

"That's my fault." Jax's voice coincided with his heavy footsteps and the jangle and clank of gear as he entered the trailer. His dark hair was stuck to his sweaty forehead and dirt streaked his face.

He introduced himself to Ryker, and the men shook hands.

"Bentley Chamberlin, right?" Nathan asked.

"Once upon a time," Jax said with that smirk he got when someone brought up his past Oscar-winning success. "Just Jax now."

"My team and I love your movies."

Rachel fought the roll of her eyes as she crossed her arms. She adored Jax and admired his acting abilities, but nothing annoyed her more than people who buttered up the famous so they could say they associated with them.

"Thanks," Jax said easily.

"But then, we are out in the middle of a sixty-four thousand mile desert," Nathan added with a shrug and a smirk. "We're pretty easy to please."

Jax, Wes, and Troy burst out laughing, and Troy shoved Nathan's shoulder. The grin that lightened Nathan's face made something inside Rachel tighten and swell uncomfortably, and she looked at the floor.

"You're gonna fit right in, dude," Wes said.

With everyone but Rachel.

"Jax." She purposely softened her voice to round out the rough edges so she didn't sound like a bitch. But her internal and external pressures were mounting. I can't be effective if I don't know what's going on. Troy says you got a call from Townsend? And that Ryker is formally consulting on this job. I have to clear that with Precision"-her mind pinged between the risk-assessment company and the insurance company-"and I don't even know which risk assessor they're assigning yet, which is a problem when Cinematic will only work with certain assess-"

"We agreed on Josh Marx."

Rachel's stomach made another uncomfortable flip. A flood of turbulence overwhelmed her. "What?"

"Sorry, Rach. I got the call an hour ago while I was still up there." He gestured over his shoulder. "Or I would have told you sooner."

She closed her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose to keep from throwing a fit...or storming out...or just quitting on the spot. She was that flustered.

Breathe. In through the nose, out through the mouth.

One, two, three, four, five...

"Jesus Christ," she finally spat out without reaching ten. "Josh Marx?" She gestured toward Nathan without looking away from Jax. "Are we seriously going to add someone new to the team when Josh is nearly impossible to satisfy with our normal crew?"

"Uh..." Nathan started, "I'm not-"

"We don't have another option, honey," Jax said. "You've done a damned good job of exhausting every last one, and Townsend's job ran long, so he can't do it. And you know we have to get this started...like, yesterday."

Rachel's mind tumbled. This was the biggest stunt she'd managed to date. A freaking huge deal for Renegades as a company.

"Maybe I'm a little more uptight than you guys," she said, "but you can't throw anyone into the position and expect it to fly. I don't know anything about Ryker," she said his last name purposely, meeting his gaze directly, which only earned her a smirk. "His background. His experience. His credentials.

"With another adjuster, that wouldn't matter, but with Josh... Of the half-dozen specialists you could have chosen for this job, this job, Jax, when you knew ahead of time you were planning on consulting Ryker, why Josh?"

Jax gripped her upper arms firmly and met her gaze. "Sweetheart, relax. It's going to be fine. Josh was the only guy available for our timeframe."

She was overreacting. She knew that-logically. But emotionally, walls started to close in on her chest, making it tight. And, yes, looking into those steady, confident eyes of his helped her breathe a little easier.

But it didn't solve any problems.

She exhaled, dropped her head, and closed her eyes. "Fuck me."

Nathan attempted to cover a surprised burst of laughter, but failed.

She lifted her head, glare ready.

He held up a hand. "Sorry."

"Okay." She closed her eyes and planted her hands at her hips. "Huddle." When she opened her eyes, no one had moved, and her frustration flared back with a surge. "Like...now."

Wes cut a sidelong glance at Ryker. "Take a seat, man. When she's unhappy, we're all unhappy. Know what I mean?"

Rachel opened the refrigerator and pulled out an armful of water bottles and another armful of Rockstars. Starting around the circle, the guys obediently took one of each. She'd learned within the first week of working with these men that if she didn't keep them hydrated and caffeinated, they got as tired and cranky as she was now. They ended up bickering, making mistakes, and generally driving each other-and most importantly, her-crazy.

When she reached Ryker, she pushed the last of the drinks into his hands with a scowl. When he took the can of Rockstar, he covered her fingers with his, holding tight. And-bam-his gaze hit her, sharp and hot, and led her thoughts directly to skin and sweat, passion and pleasure.

Hell. She should have left the idea of one-night stands to the experts.

7

Ryker sipped his Rockstar, trying like hell to keep his mind in the moment. Seeing her again made his thoughts travel backward to relive their night together moment by luscious, mind-blowing moment.

His gaze roamed over her again, over the simple white dress that framed her her narrow waist and the curve of her breasts. As a whole package, she was country-girl fresh and apple-pie sweet with a streak of Tonka-truck tough. Underneath, she hid a siren, a temptress, a woman who liked things edgy.

She fascinated him.

But he already missed the intimacy they'd developed last night. The easy way they'd talked and laughed together. The comfort of lying quietly while they caught their breath.

Yeah, he'd really fucked up good.

She returned to her desk, slid her glasses back on, and plucked a pencil from a Renegades coffee mug. Dragging a legal pad from beneath a stack of papers, she started writing. "Are you sure there's no one but Josh?"

"I'm sure," Jax said. "We could try another company, but I want to get Ryker past Precision. Cinematic prefers Precision."

Rachel put two fingers against her temple with a sigh. "Everything needs to be seamless to make this work."

Ryker's brain slowly returned from a fantasy of Rachel on her knees, those librarian glasses still perched on her nose while she took his cock deep into her mouth. "Look, I'll talk to you guys about anything you want. I'll give advice. I'll even hang around and watch, make sure everything is safe and kosher, but you sound like you're-"

"Hear us out," Troy said, annoyance clear in his voice. "I wouldn't have brought you here if there wasn't something in it for you."

Reflexively, Ryker's gaze darted back to Rachel. If she was the prize, he might reconsider...

"Not her." Troy slapped Ryker on the back of the head. "Use that flabby muscle between your ears for a change."

Ryker gritted his teeth and braced his forearms on his knees, glaring at Troy over his shoulder. "Do that again, and the gloves come off. And the brain is not a muscle, idiot. It's an organ."

"What-the-fuck-ever."

"You should have told me what this was really about."

"Gee," Rachel said, "sounds like we've got a theme going."

"Listen," Jax said. "I'll give you the scoop, you tell me if you're interested. No pressure."

"Criminy," Rachel muttered, covering her eyes. "No. No pressure."

Ryker didn't understand where her pressure was coming from, but 50 percent of his was sitting beside him on the couch. Another 50 percent came from his desire to get closer to Rachel.

Okay, more like 10-90.

"Go," he said, inviting Jax to talk with an open gesture.

"We're finishing up the next Bond film, and the last scene-" Jax started.

"Bond?" he said. "As in-"

"James Bond," everyone in the room said in unison. The question had obviously been asked before.

"Okay." He shrugged. "Go on."

"The last scene with big stunt work is the climax," Jax said. "The script calls for a car racing across a bridge with Apache choppers in chase, Hellfire missiles raining down. Normally, we'd do all the explosives with computer graphics, but we're under a really tight budget, and, I know it sounds crazy, but blowing up a real bridge is way less expensive."

At some point during that explanation, Ryker's jaw unhinged and his mouth hung open, his mind trying-and failing-to envision how anyone could possibly pull off the stunt they'd described.

"What we need is an explosives expert who can take down the bridge in the most cinematically dramatic way possible, while maintaining a safe environment for crew and location."

"Wait..." Ryker glanced at each face and found Rachel tracing the eraser of her pencil over the wood-grain pattern on her desk. Then he met Jax's gaze again. "This doesn't sound like consulting."

"It was when Troy first called you, but as I told Rachel, we lost our blaster. We'd like you to take the lead on this. So." Jax stretched out his legs and dropped one ankle over the other, kicking back as if what he'd proposed was as simple as the rock climbing he'd been doing earlier. "What do you think?"

An absurd scrap of laughter huffed out of his mouth. "I think you're all certifiably in-fucking-sane."

"We figured that out years ago." Troy leaned forward to match Ryker's posture. "This isn't any different from those munitions buildings you blow in Afghanistan. In fact, it's way easier."

"Whoa." Ryker sat back. "Hold the fuck on. This isn't Afghanistan, and you can't begin to know what that's like, so don't tell me what's hard and what's easy. You make it sound like we have one big fuckin' party over there, and you don't know anything about my work, dude. Don't tell me-"

"Jesus, stop acting like a fuckin' girl, Ry. I wasn't trying to offend you." Troy's voice grew louder, more serious. "But don't tell me I don't know anything about your work when I've listened to every one of your goddamned stories three times over and watched all your videos and heard you explain every step you took to blow every building safely, without damaging neighboring buildings or injuring civilians. I know what you do over there."

Everything inside Ryker darkened and grew heavy. He obviously talked too much during those late-night drunken calls to Troy after he'd ditched the bars and the girls, still unable to settle or sleep.

He clenched his teeth. Curled his fingers into fists. The urge to escape, to run where no one knew him, crashed like an ocean wave, making Ryker crave a swim. And a run. And an hour or two in the weight room. And a hard, mindless fuck.

Only none of that was working as well as it had in the beginning. Until last night. Last night, Rachel had taken him completely away from his demons for the first time in months.

He glanced toward her, checking her reaction to all this information. She had her elbows propped on the desk, two fingers at each temple, holding her head up, and her eyes closed. But the tight set to her mouth and the vertical line between her brows revealed exactly how unhappy she was with this whole mess.

"You're here now, Ry," Troy said. "And you're stuck here for at least three more weeks. You're licensed, capable, and you've got time on your hands. We need someone good. Someone ballsy. And we need someone now."

Troy knew more than what Ryker went through in his work. He knew about every death Ryker had suffered, every disaster he'd responded to, every close call that had nearly taken Ryker's own life. And he knew why Ryker had been put on leave. He'd obviously kept that to himself, or they wouldn't be looking at him for this job.

Troy had been picking Ryker up off the ground from the first time they'd met during a schoolyard fight, to the day Troy had hauled Ryker's ass to basic training after he'd stayed out all night drinking.

Nobody understood how the next few weeks looked to Ryker but Troy, and he was offering an opportunity to fill them with focus and purpose.

Ryker blew out a hard breath, sat forward again, and lowered his head into his hands, raking his fingers through his hair. "Tell me about the bridge."

"It's in the middle of nowhere," Troy said, voice leveling. "Three and a half hours north of here in the hills near the coast. There isn't an inhabitable structure for ten miles in all directions except one defunct cattle ranch that Rachel's secured to house the staff.

"Rachel's already done all the preliminary work. The bridge was built in 1912, one of those camelbacks with the curved steel canopies that was replaced a couple decades ago with a modern two-lane highway that bypasses all the twists and turns of the old road. Rachel's got the city on board, the permits, the engineering survey, and the geologist's survey. Safety considerations are minimal."

"Minimal? What about your stunt guys?"

"We won't be using the guys during the blast," Jax said. "We've already filmed Wes driving the car across the bridge. We'll coordinate the filming so that the explosion filming can be cut into the drive to create the movie's climax. That way we reduce the risk to safety and still get the drama."

His shoulders relaxed a little. "So, it's only the bridge. No people involved."

Jax nodded.

Ryker glanced Rachel's direction. Her eyes were open now, but spitting anger. In a lot of ways, the look made her even more beautiful, and he wanted her. Bad. Even worse now that he knew how completely she could settle him.

"What about major utilities?" he asked.

"One gas line," she said without hesitation, without looking at any notes, but her voice was clipped with irritation. "It runs half a mile west. The gas company doesn't anticipate a problem but would like to be notified of the stunt's progress."

He pushed to his feet and paced the length of the trailer, then back. "I can't buy-"

"Renegades is licensed to purchase any explosives you'll need," Jax said.

Ryker stopped, crossed his arms.

"Troy said you're a certified blaster," Rachel said. "True?"

"Yeah."

"Do you have hard copies of those certificates?" she asked, almost monotone.

"Digital copies."

"And you're licensed to use explosives in a civilian capacity, not just military?"

He narrowed his eyes again. Damn, she was smart. One more turn-on. "Yes."

"In what areas?"

He dropped his hands to his hips. "How do you know all this?"

"When Troy told me...Ryker...was going to talk with us, I did some research on how military experience would transfer into the private sector. Because, you know, that's part of my job. I didn't know at that time we'd be asking you to blow the bridge"-she cut a look at Troy, then Jax, then focused on Ryker again-"only possibly consult on the strategy. Of course, when important details are held back, it's difficult to make informed decisions or accurate plans."

Nice cut. Between Rachel and Troy, Ryker was going to walk out of here an inch tall. "I can handle, detonate, and store. I can't transport or purchase."

"That shouldn't be an issue," she said, as if she were disappointed.

Ryker looked at Jax. "Dude, you're talking about a big operation here."

"That's what we do best," Troy said. "The bigger the better."

Ryker glanced down at the floor, shaking his head. "Look." He lifted his gaze to Jax. "I'm really good at taking shitty buildings down to rubble, but I don't know anything about flashy. I sure as shit don't know anything about movies."

"We work together on jobs like this." He gestured to the room, including everyone present and eluding to more who weren't. "We'll create a plan as a team. You'll be surprised how much you already know from watching movies."

Create a plan as a team.

More discomfort eased. A buzz had been building inside him since they'd started talking about explosions. Yes, both the Rockstar and Rachel were contributing, but the majority of the tingle along his limbs and burning across his ribs came from a familiar excitement. One that only came with blowing shit up. A very special, unique, and potent adrenaline. One that gave him a twisted sense of purpose.

He shot a glare toward Troy. He'd known this project would hook Ryker. He also knew Ryker shouldn't be doing it. "How big is it?"

"A little under a thousand feet long with six sections." The answer came from Rachel, and Ryker turned toward her again. She'd taken off her glasses, but her eyes were flat and dark, not glowing and warm the way they'd been last night.

"How tall?"

"From the ground," she asked, "or the bridge itself?"

He sighed and cocked his hip with a shake of his head. Secretary, bookkeeper, glorified gofer his ass. "Both." "The bridge is between three hundred and six hundred feet above ground," Rachel said, "depending on the slope of the hills, and thirty two feet from deck to canopy."

Ryker turned to Jax. "One guy can't handle that. It would take months. I've only got a little over three weeks before I report back to duty."

"You'll have a crew," Troy said. "Rachel's already got a dozen welders and construction workers lined up, plus support staff. We need a lead blaster. Someone to plan and execute the deal. Bring that bridge down in a big way. Dude, you know you're our guy. It'll take you two weeks to rig it and a couple days to get ready to blow it. You'll be done in plenty of time to head back to the sand pit."

Ryker crossed his arms and studied the ceiling. This was the first big thing Troy had ever asked of him. And the job was challenging. He'd never blown a bridge. Never a structure this large. The fringe benefit would be staying close to Rachel for most of his remaining leave. And having two exciting things to focus on for the next few weeks, other than trying to forget the past?

That damn near sounded like heaven right about now.

But there was that teeny-weeny, itsy-bitsy, slightly problematic matter of playing with explosives while he still held active military status...

"The job pays fifty grand." Jax's voice pierced Ryker's bubble of doubt.

He scoffed. "You're yanking my chain."

Jax shook his head. "It's an important job, and I'm paying accordingly. If you pull off the bridge scene, we'll come in on budget. Meals, a vehicle, expenses are covered. You'll have whatever support staff you need. Rachel will arrange everything."

Ryker checked the others' expressions. Wes and Troy stared back, expectant. Rachel, resigned and still pissed. When he looked at Jax again, he remained dead serious.

Money never hurt his bank account, but Ryker didn't need it. The EOD hazard pay for facing getting blown to itty-bitty bits every day in the army paid well, and with absolutely no expenses, money was never a concern-something he'd never imagined possible as a kid. But Jax had gone and added another challenge, and challenge was something Ryker could rarely get enough of and could almost never turn down.

"What if something goes wrong with the job," he asked, "and you don't come in under budget?"

"We hope that won't happen, but if it does, the pay is twenty-five grand. Everything else still applies."

Ryker exhaled. Chewed the inside of his cheek. While he wouldn't be messing with the direct wording of his CO's orders, he would be seriously stretching the spirit of his meaning, "Do whatever the hell you need to do to get your head on straight. And don't come back until it is."

"Ry," Troy said, voice low. "We need you."

His CO was eight thousand miles away. Troy was right here.

He extended his hand toward Wes. "I'll take the plans, look them over. No promises."

Wes grinned and handed Ryker the role of blueprints, then bumped fists with Troy behind Ryker's back.

"I haven't agreed," he muttered, glancing at the title bar on the plans.

"You will." Troy slapped him on the shoulder. "Let's hit the mountain, dude. Celebrate."

"Hold on." Rachel stood and pressed her hands flat on the desk. "He's not going anywhere. I have a ton of stuff I need from him now."

Man, he liked the sound of that. He'd like it better if she'd meant it the way he wanted her to mean it.

Troy rounded Rachel's desk, nudged her chair aside, and drew open the bottom drawer.

She sat back and lifted her hands. "Hello. I live here. You can't just push me out of the way because I'm smaller than you."

"I'd never push you out of the way, Rach."

"What the hell do you call what you just did?"

"Nudging."

Ryker watched the exchange with amusement. They definitely acted like siblings. Troy was pulling papers from files, shoving them back in, and annoyance mounted in Rachel's expression.

"Troy, stop it. What are you looking for?" She slapped at his hands. "Don't mess up my files." When he didn't stop, she grabbed his wrists and shoved him away. "Stop. It."

"Dude," Wes warned, "you're lighting matches near leaking propane."

"God," she breathed, frazzled, angry. "Troy Jacobs, I love you, but you are seriously pissing me off. Get the hell out of my office."

"It's not your office. It's our trailer. You can't just kick me out because I'm bigger than you."

"Troy," Wes said, "if I were you, I'd step out of scorching range. Our little Rachel is breathing fire today."

Troy pressed his lips together, planted his hands on his hips, and eased back and out of Rachel's space.

"There," she said on a breath, sitting straighter, hands still hovering over her files in protection. "Now, what the hell are you looking for?"

"A release form."

"Fine." She pulled two papers from the files. "Nathan, get over here."

He jumped to his feet and stepped up to the desk. "Yes, ma'am."

Her eyes cut to his, expression stern, but there was heat there too, and he knew she was remembering her "Then fuck me already" order the night before.

His cock swelled, and he shifted on his feet to relieve the pressure.

"Now, that is refreshing." She didn't sound as approving as she did relieved, but it was still the first positive thing she'd said to him since she'd set eyes on him again. "Could you rub off on him while you're here?"

Troy made a disgusted sound in his throat. "You have no idea-"

"Don't." Ryker shot Troy a glare that promised pain. "Even."

Rachel clicked a pen on the desk and pointed to the paper on the right. "Release form-if you kill yourself, it's your own stupid fault." Then to the one on the left. "Emergency contact-the person we call to tell them how stupid you were."

Ryker grinned as he scribbled his signature and the basic information into the blanks. He liked her more by the minute. Wanted her more by the second.

Wes slapped a hand to Ryker's shoulder. "Let's clear out of here and let Rachel get her perfect little world back in order. That always improves her mood."

Everyone turned for the door. Troy tossed Ryker a harness.

"Nathan," Rachel said, "can I have a minute?"

He faced her again, barely holding back the you can have a hell of a lot more than that on his tongue.

"Rachel," Troy said, his voice edgy, "stop calling him Nath-"

"Troy," she snapped back, "stop bossing me around and get out of my office."

He muttered something under his breath as he followed the others down the stairs and slammed the door on his way out. Rachel flinched and closed her eyes on a growl. "Damn two-year-old."

"I'll have a talk with him." Ryker swung the harness over his shoulder. "Listen, I really don't want to make trouble for you. And I don't plan to. I'm sure we can-"

"Nathan," she cut in, pressing all ten fingertips to her desktop and leaning in, her expression...tortured was the only way Ryker could describe it. "You can't accept this job."

His immediate reaction was to lash out, a rebellious response rooted in his childhood and one that had gotten him in his share of trouble growing up. The army had taught him how to control that impulse for the most part, but this was one of those borderline moments, and the muscles along his shoulders and spine tightened while heat gathered at his core. "Excuse me?"

She straightened, her gaze on her blotter while she flexed and clenched her fingers into fists. When she lifted her gaze to his again, her mouth was tight, her eyes dark with determination, which only intensified Ryker's need to push back.

"This is the most important stunt in Renegades' history," she said. "Pulling this off is already going to take a miracle. We can't afford any additional obstacles. Now there's Josh, and having you on board..." She shook her head, her mind's chaotic spin showing in her eyes. "It won't work. It'll all fall apart. You...you...can't take the job."

She'd managed to slam his ego from every angle, and anger roiled inside him to soothe the hurt. To take his ego out of the equation, he pulled on his training, tempering his words.

"Troy is the closest thing I'll ever have to a brother," he said, trying like hell to force his voice into a steady, unquestionable tone instead of the erratic mess that wanted to come. "And he loves this company as much-if not more-than you do. He's asked me to take on this job. Your boss has asked me to take on this job."

"That's because they're nervous about getting a contractor in time. But they aren't doing the groundwork. I am. And I-"

"Do you have a contractor?" he asked. "Right now, today, to take on this job?"

"No, but-"

"But, they need someone right now. Today." With the harness over one shoulder and the plans in the other hand, Ryker stalked toward the door. "Do what you need to do to get your head straight about this, Rachel, because if Troy needs me, I'm there." He turned and met her gaze before walking out. "Regardless of the obstacles."

8

"So this is how the other half lives," Ryker murmured to himself as he stood from the Avalanche and took in Jax Chamberlin's Malibu beachside mansion.

If Troy had told him to wear swim trunks as a prank and this turned out to be some swanky dinner, Ryker was going to beat him into kidney failure.

He drew the bridge plans off the passenger's seat, tossed his duffle with a change of clothes and a six-pack of beer over his shoulder, and started up the stone path to the front door, drawing the cool sea breeze into his lungs. The house was mammoth, the exterior stucco rich with detail around every corner. The gardens were lush and manicured. And Ryker had never felt more out of his element.

At the front door, he pressed the bell and took a deep breath to expand his tightening lungs. He stared at the handsome pair of heavily carved wooden entry doors while his mind played with possible ways Rachel could greet him tonight, but none came out in his favor. He'd done the right thing. But how could it have been right if he'd had to remind himself half a dozen times today?

A door swung open, revealing Troy-in swim trunks, a T-shirt, and bare feet.

Thank God.

One disaster averted.

"Dude. It's about time." Troy stepped aside and held the door wide. The edgy, sultry sound of My Darkest Days's "Porn Star Dancin'" floated from the house's interior. "We're putting the steaks on the grill, and I've got a Firestone Walker 17 waiting for you."

Troy's mention of the brewer Ryker loved reminded him of the beer he'd brought, and he fished the six-pack from his duffle. "For the stash."

"The guys are anxious to hear what you thought of the plans." Troy took the beer and closed the door behind him. "Welcome." The female voice drew their gazes. Ryker found himself looking at a live version of Barbie. No...scratch that. She was way more beautiful than the doll. Tall, built, gorgeous, the woman shocked Ryker stupid. She wore a long sarong-type hot-pink-and-white tie-dyed skirt knotted at one hip and a white halter-style bathing suit top. She held out her hand. "I'm Lexi. You must be the man who's going to save the day."

Save the day. Hardly.

There had been a time when Ryker saw himself as badass. A time when he'd believed himself a hero. Age, maturity, and facing the reaper a few times brought him down to earth quickly. Now, he doubted he'd ever envision himself that way again.

Ryker stepped forward and took her hand. "I'm Ryker, but I'm no savior.

Her grin turned into a full smile, and her face brightened as if it were lit from the inside. She was truly stunning. But Ryker found himself glancing over her shoulder, searching out the woman he was dying to get his eyes on again. A woman equally as stunning in a whole different way.

"Well thank you for helping Renegades out of this pinch," she said, releasing his hand and drawing Ryker's gaze back. "If you're looking for Rachel, she's out by the pool on the phone. Can I get you something to drink?"

"Troy's got something for me, thanks."

"Make yourself at home," she said turning back the way she'd come. "The guys are out by the grill."

She swayed ahead of them and slipped into the kitchen beside another woman, just as gorgeous. Ryker wondered if he'd accidentally stepped into the Playboy mansion. This woman was dark skinned with long, straight black hair that shone around the crown of her head. She glanced up from slicing strawberries and set bright green eyes on Ryker. He experienced another shocked loss of brain cells.

"Welcome to the family, Army," she said, then added, "think fast," and threw a fat strawberry at him.

He caught it against his chest with a surprised laugh. "Uh, thanks?"

"I'm Rubi."

"Ryker."

"I'll just call you Army."

"Fine by me." He popped the berry into his mouth, looking around the massive living area, all leather, granite, stainless steel, and glass. The strawberry's sweet tang burst on his tongue as he surveyed the soaring ceilings, the warm wood flooring.

Nickelback's "Burn It to the Ground" came on, and Lexi and Rubi started singing along, dancing at the counter as they continued to cut fruit.

Jax came in through wide sliding glass doors and joined the women in the kitchen. He slid his arms around Lexi's waist and opened his mouth for the strawberry she offered him over her shoulder.

"Mmm," he murmured as he chewed it, then kissed her. "Did you meet our new addition?"

"Sure did." She offered Jax another strawberry.

A chorus of shouts rose outside along with a whoosh. Ryker recognized the distinct flare of rising flames.

"Troy," Someone yelled from that direction. "Bring me the spray bottle on the counter."

"Beer's in the fridge." Troy grabbed a bottle labeled water and headed out.

Rubi had already turned and opened the refrigerator door. "What kind do you want?" she asked. "We've got Guinness, Fat Tire, New Castle..."

"Troy said you had Firestone."

She moved a few bottles around. "17?"

"Yesssssss." He drew out the hiss in relief. He set his duffle on the floor and the rolled plans on the counter. "Thank you."

She pried off the top and handed it to him. "Guess I'll have to try that one."

"Nectar of the gods." Ryker tipped the beer back and let it flow over his tongue and down his throat, then sighed. "So...Rachel?"

"By the pool." Rubi picked up two handfuls of strawberries and added them to the colorful fruit salad. "She could probably use a little mood improvement right about now."

"Hmm. Might be better if I stayed away, then. I haven't been a mood enhancer for her today."

Rubi glanced outside and slipped a piece of strawberry into her mouth. "She's got a lot of stress right now-work, personal stuff. When it rains...and all that." She pointed to his beer. "Bring her one of those, and you'll make points."

"Mmm," he said around another mouthful of his own drink, glancing at the label. "That's right. I've got just the thing. He pulled a bottle from the six-pack he'd brought sitting on the counter, and tilted it toward Rubi. "Pop that for me?"

She grinned. "I'd whip out a nasty comment, but you're still pretty new. I don't want to harass you too much. Yet."

Ryker relaxed a little more. This was easier than he'd expected. Troy had a great group of friends. "Appreciated."

He headed outside and found Rachel immediately. She sat on the pool deck in the distance, wearing a tank and shorts, her legs hanging over the side, feet swirling in the water, a phone at her ear. The sight of her relieved the need gnawing at him since he'd walked out of the trailer earlier that day, but it also ramped up residual desire still simmering from the night before.

To his left, Wes, Troy, Duke, and Keaton stood around one of the fanciest barbecue setups Ryker had ever seen. Built in a U shape, a granite counter surrounded three different grill configurations and a six-burner cooktop. Beneath, several stainless steel doors appeared to house ovens, refrigerators, even an icemaker.

"Whoa," he said, taking it all in.

"Hey," Wes greeted. "What'd you think of the plans?"

Ryker offered a round of hellos to the other guys. "I've been looking at them so long I think they're imprinted on my brain. I've got a lot of questions."

"Bring 'em on."

"Little later. I need to decompress"-he lifted his beer toward Rachel-"and I have a couple things to talk to Rachel about."

He veered toward the pool down another stone walkway, through lawn as plush as carpet with flowering borders. An open iron fence separated the property from the beach, and ocean waves lapped a short distance away. He wasn't sure how far in the darkness, but the sound, the warm air, the dim lighting all smoothed another layer of tension from his muscles.

"You know I'd come see you if I could, but I can't manage it right now." Rachel's voice was soft, filled with affection and apology. "I know it's been a longer stretch than usual, but I'm in the middle of a big project. You of all people should understand how important my job is to me."

Discomfort niggled at the back of Ryker's neck.

She's got a lot of stress right now-work, personal stuff.

If Rubi didn't know about his night with Rachel, then the reference to her personal life... Well, hell. She must have another guy on the hook. That would explain her desire to cut ties so completely this morning after such an amazing night, and her urgent need to get him out of the picture after he'd shown up at Renegades.

"I know," she said, "I miss you too. I always find myself turning to tell you something before I realize you're not there."

The obvious intimacy between them made irritation creep down his spine. He was annoyed that he cared. He shouldn't give a shit. She was another chick he'd tapped on leave. Nothing new. The only difference was now he had to work with her. No big.

Keep telling yourself that, loser.

"I'm sorry, but I've gotta go," she said. "I promise I'll call you tomorrow, okay? I love you too."

Rachel disconnected and set her cell down. Her sigh rocked her shoulders, and her gaze remained lowered toward her feet moving in the water.

This building irritation was not a great way to be feeling when he faced her. They already had enough tension between them. But they were both here, and they were both going to have to get over this rough spot.

"Just do it already," he muttered under his breath, and pushed his feet forward.

Rachel disconnected with tears in her eyes and set her phone down on the pool deck. Bracing her hands on the tile edge, she stared down into the light aqua water and took a deep, slow breath. Held it. Then released it in a slow, steady stream. That always took the edge off.

She felt bad for her parents, their only children estranged like this. But Rachel had spent her entire life taking care of them. Of Nicole. Putting everyone else first. And look where that had gotten her. Putting her own needs first now was the right thing to do.

Some days she needed to remind herself of that fact more often than others.

"Hey."

The deep voice startled her, and she jumped and glanced over her shoulder. Nathan stood in the shadows, a beer bottle in each hand, wearing long white swim trunks with a big red hibiscus pattern and a matching red tank that clung to every luscious muscle underneath and exposed the others across his shoulders and down his arms where his gorgeous flag tattoo blended perfectly.

A ball chain around his neck drew her gaze. The silver disappeared into his tank, but she could see the outline of his military dog tags beneath the fitted fabric, reminding her of his lies. Of how naive she'd been to think learning as little about him as possible would make jumping a stranger less complicated. And of how she was making it all worse than it had to be.

"Hey," she said. "Guess the bridge plans didn't compel you to book an early flight back to the Middle East."

"You were hoping, huh?"

She huffed a laugh but couldn't manage a smile. "I'd be lying if I said it hadn't crossed my mind."

"Ouch." He winced. "But I guess I can't blame you."

"And I can't blame this situation all on you, either. Sit." She patted the tile beside her. "We should talk."

He lowered to the pool ledge, and his familiar scent touched her nose. Musky, a hint of spice, an edge of citrus, and so very male. Her mind flashed with wicked memories from their wild night, and the desire to straddle his lap, bury her face in his neck, and breathe him in swelled low in her belly like a craving. But that would never happen again. And she needed to clear the air between them so they could work together.

But she couldn't seem to pull her gaze from the outline of the tags beneath his tank. She lifted her hand and tapped the metal with her knuckles. "Where were those last night?"

He glanced down, then back with the same guilty look she'd seen so often in the eyes of the other men here tonight. "Uh...in my pocket."

"Did you put them in your pocket before or after you met me?"

His mouth slid into a sideways purse and his gaze lowered.

"You're ridiculously transparent." Not to mention insanely adorable when he was caught in a lie. But, she realized, only to transparent to those without a sex-crazed brain. It was a little late for the no-regrets plan she'd made, but she didn't have to dwell on them. Rubbing her hands along her thighs, she curved her hands around her knees, and propped her feet on the pool's gutter. "I'm, um...I'm really sorry for how I acted earlier today. I'm..." She exhaled, pressed her lips together. God, she sucked at apologizing. "I was totally blindsided and reacted. I'm not letting you off the hook for throwing me that curve. You knew it was unfair, knew we had friends in common, knew we could eventually meet up, and you still purposely held back. But I shouldn't have told you not to take the job."

Nathan's feet swung in the water. "I did hold back. And it was shitty. I should have thought it through, should have tried harder to tell you." His voice took on a light sarcastic edge. "Definitely should have snuffed that killer night of delirious sex-one I'll remember for the rest of my life-and told you I was Ryker."

She wasn't naive enough to believe that admission, but-true or not-a bubble of pleasure grew beneath her breastbone. She squashed it and huffed a laugh, turning a really? expression on him, but he only grinned. He was exactly what she expected of a player-charming, unruffled, cunning, and slick. But last night, that's all she'd expected.

Now...shit, now everything was different.

"Then," he said, lightening his tone, "you could have dropped me off, and we could have both gone to bed frustrated and alone. Definitely a better answer."

"You're missing the point."

"Just sayin'." He shrugged and offered her one of the beer bottles. "Can we call a truce?"

This was what she wanted, right? No drama. She wished he wasn't so damn...likeable.

She reached for the bottle and tipped the beer to glance at the label. She laughed out the title, "Forbidden Fruit?"

"Firestone. And...it seems appropriate."

Movement near the house drew their gazes. Lexi came through the sliding glass doors with a platter and passed it off to Wes, reminding her that he must have gotten a glimpse of the two former models on his way in. Which might explain his easy attitude. His desire to draw a truce. Once a man saw French chocolate nearby, Hershey's lost all appeal.

"Did you meet Lexi? And Rubi?" she asked, watching him closely over the rim of her bottle as she took her first sip.

He nodded, expressionless. "And Keaton and Duke. Are there any more?"

She swirled the beer in her mouth enjoying the rich, earthy, fruity blend, and hoping like hell the alcohol hit her bloodstream soon. "Wow, that's good." Then to Nathan asked, "Any more what? Renegades or drop-dead gorgeous women in the group?"

"Renegades. I can only handle one drop-dead gorgeous woman at a time, and that, obviously, hasn't gone very well for me today." He pointed to her bottle. "It's pomegranate flavored."

She couldn't read him, couldn't decipher between truth, lies, and charm, and bugged the hell out of her. "I was expecting apple-forbidden fruit and all."

"Some say pomegranate was the real fruit Adam gave Eve in the garden."

She slid him a dubious look. "Blasphemy."

He chuckled. "Not my theory. I'm just passing on another perspective."

She took another long drink of the unique beer, suddenly wanting to down it as her desire for Nathan spiked again. Last night had been the same. Every time she believed they couldn't possibly have sex again, their small talk eventually turned to laughter. Their laughter coupled with their nakedness and passion created a raw intimacy that turned instantly hot. And before she knew how, they'd fallen into full-on rocket sex again. And again. And again.

Last night had been a night beyond any fantasy, and she hated the tarnish darkening it now.

"As far as Renegades," she said, forcing her mind back to the issue, "there are a few guys we use regularly for specialty work, but no more members of the core team. If we nail this movie, come in on budget, we'll get a big influx of cash, and Renegades will expand."

"And if not?" he asked.

Crap, she really didn't like to think about this part. She put one hand behind her and leaned back, lifting the beer to her mouth and gazing out over the pool. She felt his eyes on her, and her body responded with a swell of heat. She wasn't wearing anything risque or even interesting, just a white tank and cutoff jean shorts, but the way he looked at her made Rachel feel like she was naked again, the way he had before he'd fucked her like he'd been possessed.

She could still feel the drip, drip, drip of sweat from his forehead on her breast. The damp strands of his hair slipping through her fingers. The strength of his steel arm wrapped low around her hips, pulling her into his thrusts.

"Rachel?"

"What?" Her head came up, her mind tearing from the decadent memory. God, she wanted that again. "Sorry. I'm...tired."

Crap. As soon as she said it, she wanted to take it back. He didn't grin, but humor crinkled at the corners of his eyes.

She downed all but the last swallow of her beer and continued without looking at him. "And if not, we'll be struggling job to job again."

She kept her gaze on the languid aqua squiggles floating through the pool until he blew out a breath. "Now I know what you meant by 'no pressure.'"

She slid a look toward him. His brow wrinkled as he frowned down at his beer. "I would expect you to be used to pressure." After his show of anger toward Troy earlier, she hesitated with her next comment but decided she couldn't tiptoe around him for weeks. "Afghanistan can't be an easy place to work or live."

A subtle shift she couldn't describe increased the tension between them again.

He shook his head without looking at her. "Different kind of pressure."

Uneasy with the indefinable change, she pushed herself back into a sitting position. "We have a lot to go over if you've decided to take the job."

His gaze lifted to hers, unreadable now. "Like?"

"I'm going to need all your credentials-your licenses, both military and civilian, your training record, your education history-"

"Excuse me?" He stiffened, his tone edged with disbelief.

"Relax. I'm not asking for anything personal, like your medical records."

"My explosives license I get, but-"

"They're for the risk-assessment consultant. Evaluating staff is a big part of the process. The more qualified the staff, the lower the insurance premium."

He closed his mouth mid-argument, and his teeth clicked with the force. She'd seen his sexual intensity. But this...this was different. Something darker than the anger or frustration she dealt with every day from the other Renegades. And it seemed to rise anytime anyone brought up his work. She didn't want to pull that kind of anger from him now, before he met Josh, so she changed the direction of the conversation.

"Did anyone tell you more about the bridge site?"

"Not yet."

"Well, you know it's up north, about fifteen minutes inland from the beach," she started, hoping talk of the project would relax him. "Beautiful country. Rolling green hills. Oak trees. And Troy told you about the ranch you'll be using while you're there. It's in a valley several miles from the bridge, but you'll have trucks and ATVs for transport.

"The rancher is also renting us the use of his land, which includes nine flat acres to store equipment. One acre is fenced with razor wire. And the main house is big-eight bedrooms, four bathrooms. There is also a one-bedroom guesthouse and nine bunkhouses. Plenty of room for all the staff. The owner will be staying with his kids and grandkids in Colorado for the duration of the project.

"I've got a kitchen service on retainer who will provide all your meals, a housekeeping service for upkeep of the ranch and laundry, and a handyman on call to take care of maintenance and repairs."

His expression started to ease, his eyes lightening, his tension fading.

"You and I will have to go over the potential crew members' backgrounds and pull them in for interviews to make sure they have the qualifications you want. I also have a couple of great prospects for site coordinators who I think will work well with you. You can meet them both. If you don't like them, I'll find someone else.

"I have a partial equipment-and-supply list-about twenty-eight pages long so far-for you to look at and add to. I'll need you to do that ASAP so I can get everything to the site. We have a lot of it in storage, but I'll have to order a lot too. I know very little about explosives, so you can do the ordering yourself or tell me what you want, and I'll tell them where and when to deliver to you."

His eyes narrowed. "Why are you making it sound like you won't be there?"

"What...? Didn't Troy explain how this works?" She realized the answer was no before she'd even finished the question. "I'll be managing everything from here. I won't be on site. That's what a site coordinator does."

Disappointment filled his eyes, but frustration tightened his face. Rachel moved on.

"I don't know if we can get the same products you use in the military. What do you normally work with?"

A sharp shot of something new flashed in his eyes before his gaze dropped away. Pain? Anger? She only knew the sight hit her at the center of her chest and burned.

"The things I normally work with would be highly frowned upon for civilian uses. Gasoline, ball bearings, bullets, unexploded RPGs, cell phones..." He shook his head, took a breath. "I won't know what I'll need until I construct a plan."

He looked directly at her, his eyes shadowed, and forced a smile. "Are you always this efficient?"

"I try."

"Impressive."

"Thank you."

His gaze lowered from her eyes and skimmed her face. "Do you like your freckles?"

The beer must have finally hit her, because she couldn't make sense of that question. "I'm sorry, what?"

"Your freckles," he repeated in a low, soft voice. "Every time I was going to mention them last night, you did something that made me forget my own name." He reached up and ran his index finger down her nose. She startled at the intimate touch, leaning away. The move was automatic, her mind instantly aware of all the attentive gazes nearby.

Her stomach felt like it was trying to jump off a cliff and fly at the same time. "Um...thanks." She glanced down and away, her mind flashing to the night before, to now, all over the freaking place. "So...when do you think you can get me copies of all your records? Josh is going to want to see them first thing."

He hesitated. "If I could get all that together for you by tomorrow morning, would that make you happy?"

The thought delivered anticipated relief, and she exhaled heavily. "Very."

"Then I'll work on it."

She gave him a suspicious frown. "Really?"

"Why is that a surprise?" he asked, his lips turning in a small smile. "I'm really not here to make you miserable."

She didn't answer. Couldn't answer. She was officially unnerved, unsure how to act or react.

He set his beer down on the deck and leaned back on his palms. His shoulder muscles rolled easily beneath his skin. The thick, smooth ropes of muscle in his biceps and forearms flexed. She ached to feel those arms pulling her close again.

"So tell me about this consultant guy," Nathan said. "Marx."

Rachel turned her gaze back to the pool and finished off her beer, trying to find a way to explain Josh-another complicated man.

"He's...hard to read sometimes. He's intelligent, dedicated to safety, and willing to work with people. If there's a problem, he'll help you solve it. If he has concerns or sees a better way to do something, he'll share them.

"He's...um..." She searched for a politically correct way to categorize Josh's other characteristics. "He's...very...detail oriented. And thorough. And precise."

"Are you trying to say he's OCD?"

She darted a look at him. "Maybe, yeah."

"Anal?"

She grimaced and lifted a shoulder in a noncommittal shrug. "Um...sort of."

"Generally a royal pain in the ass who makes everything harder than it has to be."

She rubbed her hands down her thighs. "Sometimes, but he really is a-"

"Great guy." Nathan finished, his tone jaded.

She shot him a look. "Yes. He is."

Ryker gave her one of those knowing smirks before he looked away.

"Hey, man." Wes's voice carried across the manicured lawn. "Good to see you."

She and Nathan glanced at the house as Josh stepped through the sliding glass doors and shook hands with Wes.

Oh shit.

She hadn't expected him so soon. When she'd talked to Josh earlier, he'd said he'd be on a job until late and would try to make it before everyone was smashed. With Nathan in this edgy mood, and Josh...well, being Josh, she anticipated eventual animosity building between them.

As Josh greeted the other men, Rachel saw him through new eyes-Nathan's eyes. Aside from Josh's clean-cut look and Wes's messy Renegade style, the two men actually looked a lot alike-both over six feet, both blond, both handsome. Wes fell into the wicked rebel category, while Josh was more of the sexy CPA type.

"That him?" Nathan asked, his voice a little on the dark side.

"Yes. I'm sorry, I wanted to prep you before he got here."

He laughed, the sound cynical. "Baby, I don't need prepping. The fucking president could walk in here, and I'd be ready."

She darted a glance at Nathan to gauge his mood. But his expression had changed so completely, he looked like a different man. His face was tight, his jaw hard, lips thin. And his eyes... Those weren't the warm, flirty eyes that had eaten her up at the bar. Not the lust-filled eyes she'd drowned in last night. These eyes were...sharp, intense, assessing.

"I'm..." she started. "I didn't mean-"

"Do you always socialize with business associates who have influence over a project?" he asked without taking his eyes off the men as Josh made the rounds to shake hands, take a beer, bullshit. Nathan's gaze swung back to Rachel's. "Or is he more than an associate?"

"What?"

Once the shock wore off, she saw the harsh comment for what it was, a flash of male competition. This had been her fear from the start; Nathan and Josh were too much alike. And problem upon problem tipped in Rachel's mind like dominos.

She gripped his forearm, drawing his gaze again. "Don't, Nathan. Don't make this about you and me. That was one night. This is Renegades' future. Troy's future."

Understanding softened his gaze. She didn't want to pull her hand away. Sensed he needed it. And she loved the feel of him-hard, warm...so solid. But when she glanced toward Josh again, he was scanning the yard, and Rachel removed her hand as his gaze landed on the pool and found her.

They'd worked together for months, and he had to have looked at her hundreds of times. But his gaze felt so much heavier now, when she was sitting next to Nathan, sure Josh would see or sense their attraction. She didn't owe Josh anything. It was a ridiculous thing to worry about. Yet...

Josh's smile gleamed in the darkness, and he started toward her. He was wearing his typical work clothes, trendy black flat-front slacks and a pinstriped button-down, the sleeves rolled up on his forearms. A neat square belt buckle reflected the light. He looked good. Sharp. Confident. Quietly powerful.

He always did.

And she had a damn good feeling that was going to cause even more conflict with Nathan.

Josh lifted a hand to her as he neared.

She smiled and waved back, then met Nathan's gaze seriously. "If you take the job, you're going to have to deal with Josh. There's just no way around it. And if that's going to be a problem, please, please step back. These people mean as much to me as Troy means to you. I'll find another way to do the stunt."

"Hey, beautiful." Josh's deep voice cut into their conversation.

The muscles in Rachel's shoulders tightened like guitar strings. She looked away from Nathan's I-knew-it expression. "Hey, Josh."

"Come here, you." He stretched his hand down to her, and she took it, pulling herself to her feet. But then he embraced her, the way he used to before she'd had the talk with him-a long conversation during their last job together, explaining how she felt about relationships. She'd assured him her mind wouldn't change anytime soon and asked him to stop the romantic gestures, the sweet names, the touching. And he had.

Until now. Because he'd seen or sensed something between her and Nathan. And because he knew she wouldn't make a scene in front of this group.

She returned the hug, because anything else would have been awkward. His body was like a rock-much like Nathan's, she realized in that moment. And he smelled good, like expensive cologne, understated and spicy. He always smelled good. He always dressed well. Always had a fresh haircut. Never swore around her. Opened the door for her everywhere they went. Waited for her to sit before taking a chair.

There had been times when she thought she might have returned his affection, but work always interfered with finding out. Work and the fact that he was looking to put a ring on someone's finger.

"It's been too long," he said. "When I saw Renegades' name on the job, I wrestled it away from the other guys."

"You liar," she teased. "Jax already told me you were the only one available."

"Damn." He pushed her back by the arms, grimacing. "Caught."

She smiled.

"You look great," he said.

God, this was uncomfortable. "You too."

She turned and gestured to Nathan, who'd gotten to his feet and picked up the beer bottle and phone Rachel had left on the pool deck.

She dragged in a deep breath to ease the tension building in her chest. This was it-meeting of the two men who could...would...make or break this stunt. Which would make or break this budget. Which would make or break Renegades' success on this film.

Rachel was fully aware this was not the disarming of a nuclear weapon, but Renegades' success was her success. And after her recent failures, this success felt monumental.

"This is Ryker," she said. "Ryker, Josh."

9

There were enough undercurrents going on here to pull Ryker into a head-over-ass spin.

In Ryker's world, Marx would have been tagged with a nickname like "pretty boy" for his face. Maybe "Harvard" for his preppy style. But the expression on Marx's face, the look in his eyes, gave Ryker a whole different perspective. He saw intelligence. Cunning. Ambition. And the kind of soul-deep confidence that came from competing and winning. He might have been law enforcement at one time. Or maybe an Ivy League sports star.

Or maybe, he was just an arrogant asshole.

Marx stayed close to Rachel, confirming the claim he'd already made by greeting her with "beautiful" and that hug.

"Ryker," he said. "You're the blaster."

He offered his hand and a polite smile, but challenge rolled off Marx in waves.

"Not officially...yet." Ryker handed Rachel her phone, and took Marx's hand for a shake. "We're still lining up the ducks."

"Great." He grinned down at Rachel. "I'm sure Rachel's told you I value precision."

He shot a look at Rachel and hated-hated-the way her smile for Marx illuminated her face the same way the pool lit up the night. "Something like that."

The emotions tightening his chest were foreign and uncomfortable. He'd never identified with jealousy, but right now the skin along his spine prickled, and if he had hackles, they'd be up.

"Great beer," Marx said, glancing at the bottles still in Ryker's hand. "Ever been to their brewery?"

"No." He tilted the bottles, looking over the labels. "One of those things Troy said we'd do while I was here."

Marx slid his hands into his front pockets. He was Ryker's height but had a way of rolling back on his heels that made it seem like he was looking down at others. "You're in luck. It's only about twenty minutes from the bridge site. Great restaurant, all the beers on tap, brewery tours."

Rachel shifted on her feet. Her hands were clasped, fingers flexing and releasing. Troy sauntered slowly toward them across the lush lawn, his gaze watchful.

Those uneasy signals verified Ryker's assessment of Marx.

"Sounds great," Ryker said. "I'll make a point of stopping by when I'm there."

"When were you planning on going up to the site?" Marx asked. "I'd like to coordinate, be there to go over things with you."

Rachel was right to be concerned. Ryker could already see problems hovering.

"We haven't pinpointed a starting date yet," she said. "But we're close."

But Marx never took his gaze of Ryker. "I like to work with the crew on these big stunts." His tone was friendly but firm in an attempt to set the groundwork for authority. "Getting firsthand views of exactly how they plan on executing each phase helps the insurance company feel secure, and in turn keeps the rate as reasonable as possible."

"I understand," Ryker said, keeping his tone just as firm. Just as authoritative. Marx needed to understand-right now-Ryker wouldn't be bowing. "And I'm all for working as a team. But when I'm working on something new, and of this caliber, I need to be 150 percent there. No interruptions. After I get acclimated, we'll set up a time to meet."

The man must not have been rebutted often, because he stared as if Ryker had answered in Swahili. Beside him, Rachel rubbed her temple.

Marx's lids lowered. His jaw slid sideways. He was about ready to challenge Ryker again.

"We have plenty of time to work out all those details," Rachel said. "Ryker just got into town-"

"Just last night," he added, his gaze purposely on Rachel.

"So," she continued smoothly, while managing to shoot him a glare from those pretty eyes, "naturally, there's a lot of background to get him caught up on. He hasn't had a chance to look at the geologist's survey yet, or the engineer's report, or the topography map-"

"Yes, I have," he countered easily. "I read them all this afternoon."

"Well...great." Her attention turned back to Marx. "We're going to be spending the next few days ordering equipment, interviewing the crew-"

"I'd like to participate-" Marx started.

"You can do a follow-up interview if you feel it's necessary," Ryker said. "But initially, it's my decision. I have to work with them. They have to work with me. We have to trust each other. There's nothing more important when dealing with explosives. I'm going to be the one who makes that call."

Marx's blue eyes turned smoky with irritation. "Your military is showing."

The haze started to gather. That darkness that came over him now whenever he thought about or had to talk about his work. But Ryker made a point of smiling when he said, "Thank you."

"Troy tells me you're army EOD."

"I am."

"On leave?"

"Yes." Normally, in this situation, he would have answered yes, sir. But the sir just wouldn't roll off his tongue for this guy.

"How long have you been with EOD?" Marx asked.

A few yards back, Troy had stopped to watch and wait.

"Four years," he said.

"And before that?" Josh asked.

Ryker hesitated. His rebellious side urged him to tell this guy what he could do with his inquisition, but loyalty won out. "Rangers."

"Rangers," Marx said with a note of both respect and surprise.

Rachel's head turned sharply. "Rangers?"

Her you-asshole tone made Ryker wince. Just a little. But his memory of her reaction to his Rangers tattoo-That's a sports team, right?"-still made him smile on the inside.

"How long?" Marx asked, his expression suspicious.

"Eight years." Before the guy could ask the question Ryker knew would come next, he answered, "Infantry four years prior."

Josh considered that, holding Ryker's gaze. "Sixteen years in."

"Yes."

"That's another thing we haven't had time to go over," Rachel said. "But we just finished talking about it, and I'll get you all his credentials in the next few days."

Marx smiled down at Rachel in a way that made Ryker's hands fist. "I'm not worried, honey." He refocused on Ryker. "Does your CO know you're doing this? Because you've only got four years left to full retirement. You wouldn't want-"

"I assure you, I'm following my CO's leave instructions to the letter." Anger licked Ryker's gut like fire, but he forced himself to relax so he didn't make this a confrontation. Yet. "If my leave status is a problem, we should get it out in the open right now."

"Not a problem for me or Renegades unless your background check or credentials don't hold up," Marx said with a negligent lift of one shoulder. "But if word of you messing around with explosives for civilian purposes reached your CO, you could be risking..." He paused an extra beat. "Oh...but that's what EOD is all about, right? Risk."

The insinuation of carelessness crossed the line. Marx had just made this a confrontation.

Ryker took one step forward, bringing him within six inches of Marx's face. The other man remained perfectly still, as if he'd expected Ryker's aggressive move.

"Every risk I take," he said, voice low and deliberate, "every risk my team takes, is carefully calculated."

Troy came up beside them. "Dinner's on."

Ryker stayed put. Maintained eye contact. And when Marx didn't back down, Ryker knew there was more to this guy than his facade of risk assessment.

Rachel stepped close, and Ryker expected to feel her touch, but when she moved in, her hand went to Marx. "I know you like salmon, Josh." She turned him toward the house by the arm, finally breaking the intensity, smiling up at him. "I marinated it in olive oil, lemon, garlic, and ginger."

"Sounds amazing," Josh said, covering Rachel's hand with his.

Ryker turned his back on the sight and stared at the pool, a hole burning through the center of his body. This was fucked. This was why he'd stuck with club rats and bar chicks. Because Marx reminded him of everything he wasn't. And Rachel's choice just reinforced Troy's mantra to leave her alone.

When Rachel and Marx were halfway up the lawn, Troy stepped close. "What the fuck was that?"

Ryker cut him a glare. "What?"

"That. You've never given a rat's ass about competition for a woman before." Anger brightened Troy's usually subdued brown eyes. "I'm not going to tell you again. Forget about her."

Ryker was not going to get into this with Troy here or now. He turned toward the house, but Troy fisted Ryker's shirt and yanked him back around.

Fury snapped like a whip, and he knocked Troy's arm away, meeting his gaze directly. "You are fucking with the wrong person. At the wrong time. Do you hear me? Mind your own goddamned business."

"She is my business. Literally. And she's not your type anyway. She's not a fucking club chick, okay? She's not fast and she's not easy."

It took everything Ryker had not to laugh. Rachel's wild side was obviously a tightly held secret. He wished the fact that he'd experienced it didn't thrill him. Wished he didn't want more.

"You know what else she's not, Troy?" he asked, not waiting for an answer. "She's not Giselle."

Troy's expression froze. The color drained from his face so fast, Ryker was about to grab him before he hit the ground. But Troy struck back with a bite first. "Where'd that come from? What does that even mean?"

"It means I know why you've got this ridiculous protective urge toward her. She instantly reminded me of Giselle when you two were bickering in the office today. Her mannerisms, her expressions, the way she couldn't handle you touching her neatly organized stuff. You're obviously-"

"Rachel's nothing like Giselle." His gaze filled with fresh anger. "This has absolutely nothing to do with anyone but Rachel and you. This is about keeping you from getting Rachel all into you and then heading halfway around the world again. She's the backbone of Renegades. In the six months she's been with us, she's straightened out all our books, maximized our marketing, handles the risk assessment, the stunt insurance, everything. She handles everything, and she takes care of all of us too.

"Renegades needs her. Now more than ever. Marx is a pain in the ass, but he's good. So good the insurance company trusts him implicitly. If he signs off on a stunt, we get a ridiculously low rate. And, you saw that." He gestured to where they'd just been standing, "Rachel makes the man melt. She crosses all the T's and dots all the I's just the way he likes, they get along great, and he's been trying to snag her for months."

Months. Did that mean she'd been fucking him casually for months? How many guys did she have going at once?

Ryker shoved the thoughts aside and stepped back. "And you don't want me getting in his way."

"I want Renegades intact, which means keeping Rachel happy. You're going back to Afghanistan, for God's sake."

"Right. I got it." He had nothing to offer Rachel. He knew that. And sure as shit didn't understand why hearing it from Troy knifed at him. "Why the fuck did you bring me into this in the first place? It's a goddamned train wreck. The least you could have done was tell me about all the bullshit involved."

"And let you turn tail? I knew once you got here, got a taste of the challenge, you wouldn't be able to turn it down. You're just like me, Ry. You need something to work toward every day, or you're lost. You need to be challenged, or you drift."

"You don't think I have enough to deal with?"

"You're not dealing with it. You're avoiding it. Every day that goes by with nothing else to focus on makes you stuff it a little deeper so you don't have to remember. Every time I talk to you, you've been drinking a little more. Every chick you tell me about gets a little raunchier. And every morning-after you remember a little less. You're in a spiral, Ry. If you stayed in New Orleans another month, you very well might not have made it back to that sand pit you love so damn much."

Ryker turned and started toward the house again. "This is still fucked."

Rachel's face ached from forcing this smile. They were almost finished with the main meal, thank God, Lexi and Rubi the only ones still picking at their salmon. Rachel had tried to eat a few pieces of rib eye, a steak she usually devoured faster than the guys, but it wasn't sitting well in her tense stomach tonight.

Beside her, Josh was talking about a new roasted vegetable recipe he'd tried on his grill that had turned out amazing. Normally, Rachel would have been listening, interested in trying out his suggestions at the next Renegades barbecue, but it was taking all her mental strength just to keep track of his voice inflections and punctuation so she could respond with the requisite noises of interest in the appropriate places.

Across the table, Ryker's plate was clean-after two rib eyes, three helpings of vegetables, three pieces of bread, and one huge baked potato with all the fixings. He'd pushed it forward and crossed his arms on the table in front of him, leaning into a conversation with Jax, Wes, and Troy. They were talking about explosives, and she understood very little of what they were saying. At the other end of the table, Duke and Keaton caught bits of the conversation between the others and tossed in a comment now and then. Josh ignored everyone but Rachel, and she'd never wanted to be ignored more.

"This is the first time I've ever seen you leave food on your plate," Josh said, drawing Rachel's attention. "Feeling okay?"

She turned her head toward him and smiled. "Yeah. Just tired. It's been a long week."

"Amen." Nathan jumped into the conversation for the first time all night, sitting back in his chair and picking up his fourth...fifth...maybe sixth beer. She'd lost count.

"Rachel," Jax said, "who do you have lined up for site coordinator?"

She pulled her gaze from warring with Nathan's lazy grin and looked at her boss. "Jaimie Burke and Tom Campbell."

"I saw Jaimie last week," Keaton said. "It sounded like she was going to run long on the King Arthur set."

"Only a week," Rachel said. "And Tom is wrapping up his latest project now."

"Hmm." The troubled hum came from Josh, and Rachel turned to look at him.

"What?"

Josh shook his head. "I don't think Burke's lack of experience is a good fit for a stunt with explosives this intense."

"She's not inexperienced-" Rachel started.

"She is when it comes to managing explosives, honey." Josh put his hand on her shoulder, slid it to the back of her neck, and squeezed.

Rachel wanted his hand off her in the worst way. She was pissed he was acting like this for Nathan's benefit, and after having Nathan's hands on her just twelve hours ago, Josh's touch just felt...wrong.

"He's right, Rach," Duke added.

"I've got enough problems at the moment, Duke,"

Duke just smirked and shrugged.

"And..." Josh said, drawing Rachel's gaze. "Sorry to tell you this, honey, but...last time I worked with Campbell, he smelled like a still and missed a third of the filming schedule. Unless he's gone to rehab in the last four months and is part of a regular AA group, Cinematic won't touch a stunt where he's site coordinator, especially not where explosives are involved."

Her stomach dropped. Every time she put a piece of this puzzle in its place, the damn thing popped back out again. And this news was just the last bit she could take tonight. She propped her elbows on the table and rested her face in her hands.

"I want Rachel."

Nathan's quiet words shot a tingle of heat through her chest. She parted her fingers and found his gaze directly on hers.

"That's the stupidest thing you've said all night," Troy bit out.

"Maybe you just need another beer. Round out your night with an even dozen," Nathan tossed at Troy before turning back to Jax. "She knows exactly how everything works, knows all the people involved, and she's extremely efficient.

"If I'm going to do this in the time I have, I sure can't wait a week to start. And I don't give a shit what Cinematic says about the other guy, but I know a drunk when I see one, and I'll kick his ass off the site at the first sign.

"I'm going to need someone on site who I can depend on. A go-to person for all my questions, whether it be to ask about ordering supplies, smooth a rift with the city manager, schmooze local law enforcement, or deal with a crazy environmentalist. I need someone who I can count on to do everything, and do it right the first time, so I can focus on design, safety, timing, and rigging."

His intense gaze turned back to her. "Rachel's perfect."

"This is crazy," Troy broke in again.

Rachel picked up the first thing her hand landed on when it fell to the table-a napkin ring-and threw it at him. The wooden circle hit the side of Troy's head, bounced onto the table, and dribbled off, hitting the ground. "What the fuck?"

"Exactly," she said. "You're the first one to sing my praises to everyone on set, but now I'm suddenly not adequate to coordinate a site? Screw you, Jacobs."

He tossed the ring back at her, and she ducked it. "You don't want to do it any more than I want you to do it."

"None of this matters, anyway." She crossed her arms. "I couldn't possibly-"

"Now, wait, wait," Jax said, then looked at Ryker. "It's a good idea, I don't disagree, but parting with her-"

"Baby," Lexi said as she crossed her arms on the tabletop and leaned forward, gaze on Jax. "You've been pushing her to decide where she wants to go with the company next for two months. How can she do that if you never let her out of the office?"

"Score one for Lexi," Rubi said, grinning. "Beauty and brains."

"True," Jax said, "on both counts." His quick smile disappeared as he stared down at his fork, turning it over and over on his empty plate.

"And who's going to run Renegades?" Rachel asked. "Ordering, scheduling, coordinating, office crap, payroll-"

"You can hire a temp," Nathan said.

Troy cut a look at Rachel. "Wait, you get pissed at me for saying you're too valuable to let go, but you don't throw anything at him for insinuating you're so easily replaceable?"

"Jesus." Nathan glared at Troy. "You're worse off than I realized."

In a lightning-fast move, Troy gripped the back of Nathan's neck, bent close, and said, "Don't make me sorry I brought you here."

With one smooth, hard upswing of Nathan's arm, he dislodged Troy's hand. They both stood, facing off. "That is the third time you've laid hands on me in twenty-four hours. And this is the last time I tell you I'm sick of it before you see blood."

"Would you two grow up already?" Rachel said, pushing to her feet. She was about a millimeter from losing it. She didn't understand what was going on between these two, but she didn't need any more complications. "Troy, take off those self-involved blinders. You're pushing me to lunatic stress levels, and you're being an inconsiderate ass to your best friend who's here doing you a favor on his very short leave from war."

"It's not a fucking war anymore-"

"Don't you dare start with the politics, or I swear you'll find Monster Bond in your next cup of coffee."

"That would certainly put a pinch in your attitude, Jacobs." Rubi's smooth, cavalier tone slid in and made Rachel realize how frazzled she sounded. "It's tough to make Rach mad, but once it's done, you're pretty much screwed. You two might want to sit down and..." She made a zipper motion across her lips.

Troy yanked out his chair, and the feet scraped against the stone patio. Nathan followed.

"Jax," Rachel said. "Don't worry about it. I've got lots of other options for site coordinators."

"Like all your other options for blasters?" Nathan asked.

She shot a laser-sharp glare across the table, only to see him smile.

"Lexi's right," Jax said. "This is the perfect opportunity for you to go big. I don't know why I didn't see it before. You would be an amazing site coordinator. And Ryker's right too, this stunt needs the best."

"I don't have any more experience with explosives than Jaime."

"Not true," Wes said. "You handled everything perfectly for that train blast last month."

Troy slumped back in his chair, shaking his head. "Fuckin' Lawson."

Rachel turned her glare on Troy, warning him she was about to break into batshit-crazy mode. "Seriously, Troy..."

Jax glanced at Josh. "What about it, Marx?"

Her gaze turned to find Josh watching her, and it was one of those times his assessment felt too sharp, as if he were reading her thoughts. All sorts of thoughts she didn't want him-or anyone else-to know.

"Wes is right about her great job handling the train blast," he agreed, and shrugged. "I'd have to put it past Cinematic."

Nathan looked at Jax. "Whatever you decide, you'll have to do it fast. After looking at those plans, this is a bigger, more complicated job than I thought. I'll need every day I've got to get it planned and rigged."

"Can you pull on your contacts and call Cinematic now?" Jax asked.

Josh glanced at his watch, and his mouth twisted in consideration. "Not sure that's going to win any favors, but if that's what you want..."

Jax glanced at Rachel, but she could see his mind was busily fitting pieces. He returned his gaze to Josh. "Yeah, that's what I want. We're on a tight timeframe here. We need to get this squared away."

Rachel didn't miss the look Josh sent Nathan before he pushed away from the table, pulled his phone, and wandered toward the pool. There was a definite and immediate animosity between them-something Rachel absolutely did not need.

"Come on, Rach. Let's pull out dessert." Rubi stood and gathered plates. "Sweets always make these men purr."

Grateful for the break, Rachel picked up as many bowls and platters as she could carry and followed Rubi inside. She blew out a breath once she reached the kitchen counter and set everything down.

Rubi turned Rachel to face her with a deliberate grip, startling her. Rachel looked up and into the other woman's vibrant green eyes, even brighter now with excitement. "What in the hell is up with you and Ryker?"

Rachel's body flooded with alarm. She glanced over her shoulder, toward the door, but Rubi pressed one hand to her cheek and brought her gaze back. "They can't hear us. Tell."

10

Rachel wished she was as excited about the tension between her and Ryker as Rubi was. Instead, she swore a time bomb ticked in her chest. "What do you mean?"

Rubi's lids went heavy. "I am oh so too experienced for that. I'm insulted you'd even try."

Rachel pulled from Rubi's grip and rubbed both hands down her face. "Shit," she whispered. How much had she shown out there? How many others had noticed-besides whatever vibes Troy had picked up early on? "I'm in deep, deep shit here."

"Tell me," Rubi said again, nearly bouncing.

"God, it's a long story..."

"Just give me the highlights. Details can wait till we have more time."

Rachel gripped the counter with one hand and fisted the other. She took a deep breath, blew it out, then dove in before the words knotted in her throat. "Ryker didn't stay with a friend last night when he and I didn't meet up at the airport like he said."

Rachel gave Rubi the short, R-rated version of last night's events all the way through the apologies tonight. By the time she finished, her fingers were numb from gripping the bar too hard, and her stomach was cannibalizing itself. "I need Xanax. Don't you keep that handy?"

When she lifted her gaze to Rubi's expecting an answer to her very serious question, Rubi's full lips were parted, her big green eyes wide in shock. "The woman who has been talking the big-empty talk for six months about hooking up with someone...actually...did? And when you finally took the plunge, it was with...?" Humor filled her gaze "Hell, girl. When you go, you go big. He's absolutely delicious. No wonder Troy is tweaked."

"Troy doesn't know. At least Nathan said he didn't tell Troy."

"Nathan," she said in that silky voice of hers. "That is so sexy. I can so see you with him. But Troy knows something. I can't remember the last time I saw him so twisted, and all after he couldn't stop singing Ryker's praises for weeks."

Panic tripped in Rachel's gaze. "I don't understand what's going on with Troy. Maybe he just, I don't know, saw something between us. How'd you know?"

"Ryker looks at you like a starving jaguar stalking prey. Can't imagine everyone here tonight hasn't seen his attraction to you. Josh is out of sorts too." She clapped her hands and tucked them under her chin, her eyes alight. "Oh, this is so fun. Sexy little Rachel is finally getting the attention she deserves. Didn't I tell you? Glasses and hair, glasses and hair."

Rachel groaned and rubbed at the stress in her forehead. She couldn't control how he looked at her or how the others reacted to whatever vibes were floating. But she had more hope with Rubi.

"You can't tell anyone," she said. "Troy's already on edge without knowing anything for sure. Josh could ruin everything for this last stunt if he got pissed off. I've been saying no to him for months."

Rubi sucked a breath through her teeth. "Yeah, that might sting his ego."

"I don't want to screw up my relationships with the guys. Don't want to mess up this contract for Renegades."

"I think you're overreacting. I worried about the same thing when Wes and I hooked up, but everyone was cool with it."

"You didn't work for Renegades. Weren't negotiating the completion of a two-million-dollar contract."

"There is that..." Her lips slid sideways. "Okay, I won't say anything." She put her hand on Rachel's forearm, gaze going bright again. "But you've got to give me details, Rach. Is he as amazing in the sheets as he looks like he'd be?"

"You're terrible."

"I am, and I'm being really good right now. Don't press your luck."

Rachel leaned back against the counter, crossing her arms over her chest as she thought back over the night and closed her eyes on the decadent memories. "God, it was..." There were no words. "He's...so...intense."

She opened her eyes, turned to press her arms to the bar, and followed the edge of a square on the counter with her finger. "I've never really...fucked, you know? Guys in the past have always been serious. I thought there had been a few drunken nights that seemed more sexually motivated than others, but..." She shook her head and lowered her voice, her face filling with heat. "Jesus, that man really fucks. He's focused, absorbed, almost..."

"Obsessed?" Rubi supplied in the same hushed tone.

"Totally. It's enthralling. All encompassing. Like nothing else exists." She sighed, letting the delicious memory wash through her. "Un-fucking-forgettable."

"Oh..." Rubi drew out the word in deep appreciation. "Yum."

Rachel allowed the small smile to come. Let herself indulge in the memories for just a moment.

"Okay," Rubi said, pulling Rachel's eyes open. "I get the whole secrecy thing, at least where the other guys are concerned, but if you two have called a truce, forgiven the whole 'misunderstanding'"-she put the word in air quotes-"why not keep letting him fuck the stuffing from you until he leaves? 'Cause I can guarantee that's what his expression has been screaming since he set eyes on you tonight."

"Josh and Troy are already suspicious. You already figured it out. I could never keep my feelings from showing. Besides, it's not what I want." When Rubi smirked at her, Rachel reiterated, "It's not. I slept with him because he was attractive, interested, and a total stranger. Someone I would never see again. I don't want a relationship. And I sure as hell don't want this shit."

"Well..." Rubi turned to the refrigerator and pulled out a tray of lemon squares Rachel had made earlier. "He is heading back to the other side of the world in a few weeks, and not only do we need you coordinating the bridge site, but you need to take the job."

"But-"

"I know everyone thinks you're indispensable, and sweetheart, I'm the first to agree that you hold Renegades together like Monster Bond-great threat earlier, by the way," she added before turning again and pulling another dessert tray from the massive stainless steel fridge. "Honestly, you're ridiculously overqualified to be playing secretary. My advice," she said, setting the chocolate confection on the bar in front of Rachel. "Take the site coordinator job, get away from these prying eyes, enjoy Ryker for a quick affair, and advance your career at the same time. Sounds like an orgasmic win all the way around to me."

Rachel's tension mounted. "You know how people in this industry talk. One rumor of us together on the site, and it would be everywhere. And as soon as it got back to Troy..." She rolled her eyes. "All hell would break loose."

Rubi picked up the lemon squares, slid her finger along the edge of the platter, lifting a trace of powdered sugar, and sucked it off as she walked toward the patio doors. "You can find a million excuses not to take the risk, and spend your life regretting the missed opportunity. Or you can find a way to take the risk safely-you are the risk-assessment guru around here after all-and enjoy this happy accident."

Rubi stopped at the door and turned back to meet Rachel's gaze. She winked. "YOLO."

Then she disappeared, leaving Rachel with the idiom "you only live once" floating round her brain and a huge piano hanging over her head on fraying rope.

Rachel returned carrying a platter of something chocolate. As much as Ryker enjoyed dessert, his stomach only growled to taste the plump cleavage showing beneath the low curve of her tank. When she'd set the plate down, her gaze lifted directly to his, and he felt the snap of connection between them as deeply as he had the night before, when he was buried inside her.

She must have felt it too, because sultry heat flashed before she lowered her gaze and straightened, licked her lips, and glanced away. Then Ryker couldn't take his eyes off the sheen on that delectable mouth or banish memories of plunging into it the night before.

Blood surged through his groin, and his cock pushed against his zipper. Ryker lowered his gaze to the dessert plate and rubbed a hand over his face, trying to refocus.

"Ryker?"

The female voice drew his gaze to Lexi, and the question lurking in those big blue eyes made him realize he'd missed something. "I'm sorry, what?"

"Chocolate or lemon?" she asked, holding an empty plate near the desserts.

"Oh..." If he was going to indulge in sweets tonight, he wanted to find those between Rachel's thighs. "Chocolate," he said, cutting a look at Rachel and finding her eyes on him again. "Definitely chocolate." Marx returned to the table, expression smug. He sat and looked at Jax, who was waiting expectantly. He took a plate Rachel passed him with a lemon bar beside a miniature chocolate cake. "They approved it."

Wes, Keaton, and Duke clapped and whistled.

Jax nodded, his grin reserved. "Great. That solves one problem."

"And creates a dozen more," Troy complained.

Ryker didn't care how much Troy bitched, because the team had just solved Ryker's most pressing issue-how to stay close to Rachel. She darted a look from Jax to Ryker, and unease creased her forehead. That was fine, because the banked lust flashing in and out of her eyes tonight was still there too.

"They had a minor catch that I smoothed over," Marx added.

Rachel's head snapped toward Josh. "What is it?"

"Since Rachel doesn't have as much experience as they'd like," Josh said, "they want me to make sure everything is running smoothly with a few more site visits than usual."

Ryker's patience strained. "How often?"

"Three days a week."

This wasn't about how well he or Rachel could do the job, it was about him wanting to monitor things between them. Control freak.

Jax sat back in his chair, eyes narrowed on Marx. "Are you going to be able to do that with your current workload?"

He glanced at Rachel, and one corner of his mouth lifted. "I'll make it work."

"Okay." Jax crossed his arms. "But you need to understand that this is Ryker's show. I know how blasting people can disagree on a path to the same end result, and Ryker has a proven method that works for him. Can you stay objective?"

"Absolutely," he said. "Of course, that doesn't mean I'll hold back in pointing out things that will cause problems, or suggesting a better way to do them."

"Great," Ryker said. "Then I won't hold back on telling you where to put your opinions and suggestions."

Josh cut a stiff almost smile he was trying to hold on to in the face of his frustration.

"Ooooh-kay." Duke drew out the word as he stood. "I think it's time for pool hoops. Come on guys, two on two."

Keaton and Wes stood.

"Let's go, Troy," Wes said. "Nothing you say is going to make a difference anyway."

"No shit," he muttered, shooting Ryker a glare before he started for the pool.

Ryker ground his teeth. A come-to-Jesus chat was going to be had with that man...soon.

After they left the table, Marx told Ryker, "We'll need all your credentials, and you'll have to submit an SOP and an action plan for approval before the blasting starts."

The standard operating procedure, or SOP, Ryker knew all about. "Action plan?"

"It's a detailed plan," Jax told Ryker, "on how you plan on blasting to achieve the results you want. You can use the one from last month's train blast as a template."

"Fine," he said, his gaze on Marx. "I'll e-mail you my credentials tonight, and I'll head out to the site tomorrow to scout and sketch out a plan."

"Whoa," Rachel said. "I can't leave that soon. Besides, setup for these things takes time. You don't just take off one day and kick into gear."

"Why not?"

"B-because there's a shitload of work involved, precise work, focused work," she said, looking at him like she couldn't believe he'd asked the question.

"I can be precise and focused without wasting time." He glanced toward Jax. "If you want this bridge blown while I'm still here-"

"I can't get away tomorrow either," Josh said. "I have to give Precision a little notice on my change of schedule."

"Better for me," Ryker told him. "I can sure as shit scout a bridge on my own."

Marx dug the side of his fork into the chocolate cake, and liquid chocolate spilled out, reminding Ryker of...what else...chocolate fondue. Christ. He shifted in his chair, but it didn't ease the tightness in his groin. One that wouldn't be alleviated any time soon, judging by Rachel's growing anxiety.

"Really," Marx said dryly, forearms against the table, fork hovering over the dessert. "You're going to single-handedly carry all the equipment, video, photograph, take notes, measure-"

"Did you miss the part about me being a Ranger for eight years?" Ryker picked up his own fork, cut into the cake, and broke it open, allowing the chocolate to spill out. "Scouting a bridge by myself is like a vacation."

"Actually, Rachel's an awesome scout." Jax held one of the lemon bars. "If you two go over the employees first thing tomorrow and want to head up to the bridge site mid-morning, I could have the guys load up trucks and trailers with what we've got as a start and you could scout the bridge in the afternoon. I can be there by the time you're done, bring another load, maybe round up a few staff, and you, Rachel, and I can finalize the action plan tomorrow night."

"Jax-" Rachel started, her expression stricken.

"Then Rachel can write up the action plan while you're creating the SOP," he continued.

"Wait. Jax-" Rachel tried again.

"I know," he said, grinning across the table at her. "It's short notice and I'm messing with your schedule. But if you take any other job within Renegades, you're going to have to learn to be flexible, honey. You've gotta loosen up, get spontaneous. You know how things shift on the fly in the field."

In Ryker's opinion, Rachel was plenty spontaneous.

"Are you going to play with that or eat it?" Rubi asked.

Ryker looked up and found her watching him as he moved the syrup around on the plate. He grinned, said, "Play with it." And looked at Rachel as he slid the chocolate-covered fork into his mouth.

Rubi laughed. Rachel massaged her temple.

"Wait a minute," Marx said. "You can't expect Rachel to drive a rig three hours along the coast highway. That road is dangerous enough without a trailer. And she's not qualified to write up an action sequence for an explosion plan. As far as scouting with Ryker, have you seen the terrain surrounding that bridge?"

"Okay, enough." Anger rang clear in Rachel's voice. "I'm sick of being underestimated." She looked at Marx. "I grew up on a ranch, which means I've been hauling shit since I could drive at thirteen. I've also been backpacking every summer in the Sierra Mountains since I was seven. I've hiked the Trinity Alps, the Olympic Mountains, the Columbia River Gorge, the Grand Canyon, and the Tetons. And I'm the one who created that action-sequence plan for last month's train blast, so stop telling me what I am or am not qualified to do."

"Well," Ryker murmured, "that explains a lot."

Rachel's hot eyes cut toward his, and Ryker bit the inside of his cheek to keep from grinning at her.

"Wait... What...?" Marx's mouth hung open. "Wes's signature was-"

"Wes looked it over," she said. Behind her, Wes shot for a basket into the hoop at the pool's deep end and scored. "And we consulted with Titan demolition together, but Wes has never created an SOP, and with consistent sixteen-hour workdays, he barely had enough time to tell me what should be in the plan, let alone write the damn thing. I could make the time, and I have an MBA that's going to waste. It made sense for me to do it, and both you and Cinematic accepted it, so what difference does it make who writes it?"

Ryker had stopped playing with his chocolate. He hadn't thought he'd been one of the underestimators, but...the ranch, the backpacking, an MBA? Yeah, he'd underestimated her. Ryker enjoyed the chink this information put in Marx's ego, but what really created this strange sensation in Ryker's chest was Rachel's moxie. She definitely had a soft side-the nurturing side Troy wanted around to take care of everyone. But Ryker was loving this tough streak. He admired it. And he admired her for standing up to Marx and Troy. And, yes, even him.

Rubi's applause filled the brief silence. "You go, girl."

Rachel's gaze cut to Rubi's, and her face flushed pink. On a heavy exhale, she grabbed a lemon bar and turned toward the house with a muttered, "I need a drink."

11

Ryker sat in the truck in the parking area on the set and took a sip of coffee, his gaze holding on the Renegades trailer.

This was so fucking stupid. He didn't need anything about this job-not the money, perks, kudos, visibility, rush, sure as hell not the stress. And he didn't need to spend time with a woman who made his body tighten like a rubber band ready to snap, knowing she didn't want him.

She may be attracted to him. But she didn't want him.

He didn't blame her. When you took mind-wracking animal sex out of the equation, Ryker came up empty on offerings for a woman.

But Rachel had said she didn't want either the crazy sex or the relationship, which left...what? Occasional, comfortable, quiet...companionship sex?

No. Ryker didn't do tame. He put everything he had into every encounter. If he couldn't, he didn't do it. He didn't settle.

Life is way the hell to short.

His gaze traveled over the wide gravel path leading to the set.

So fucking short.

His gaze blurred. Jagged teeth tore a hole beneath his sternum and chewed outward.

Alive one second, dead the next.

In his mind, he saw Tagger and Dekker alive, laughing, throwing a football, tagging each other with spitballs over dinner in the mess hall, as clearly as if it had all been yesterday.

Then he saw the blast. The dust and debris. Their bodies tearing. Flying...

His mind ripped from the horrific memory, and Ryker dragged his focus back to the present. To the hills, the set, the truck. But one memory was all it took to start his heart pounding, his body sweating, his mind racing. To tip his whole reality catawampus.

He sucked deep lungful's of fresh air, dropped his coffee cup into the cup holder and covered his face with his hands. "Fuck."

The loss of his team, his men, his friends, still sliced him open every time the memories crept in. He tried like hell not to let that happen, but he had so much time on his hands, that seemed to be getting harder.

He dragged his hands down his face and stared blankly out the windshield. Troy was right. Ryker needed this job. Yet the stress of the job-Rachel, Josh, the responsibility, the risk-could make his anxiety flare. And worrying over it all just made his ribs feel like they would crack from the pressure.

He plucked the rubber band from the console beside his change-the thickest, toughest motherfucker he'd found yet-and pulled it over his hand. He hadn't had to use this technique in weeks, and the fact that he needed it now only increased his frustration.

Hauling the sucker back, he gritted his teeth and snapped his wrist three, four, five, six... Until he lost count and the sting deepened to a stab and his mind had banished the tendrils clinging to the fear.

Skin red and warm, he threw the band back to the tray and worked on his breathing. On strengthening his will to get through this. He was a Ranger. If he wasn't dead, he could get through anything.

After a few minutes, his mind had cleared. Enough to fake his way through until he found his next period of balance. Those stretches grew longer and longer, the tormenting flashbacks fewer and fewer. Eventually, they'd be gone. And he'd be solid.

Or so he kept telling himself.

He shook his head and gazed toward the Renegades trailer. "Why the fuck am I here?"

Because Troy needed him. Because Troy's company needed someone who could blow this job right, and Troy had put his trust in Ryker to get that done. No small show of faith on Troy's part. And certainly no small sense of responsibility on Ryker's.

It helped a little to put his purpose in perspective. Helped him get out of the truck. Helped him walk up those stairs. Helped him open the door to the trailer and face the sweet little beauty behind that desk.

The one that didn't want him.

Or, rather, didn't want to want him.

She darted a split second look over the top of her glasses, then returned her gaze to the paperwork on her desk. "Good morning," she said, her voice mellow and warm like first light. "Jax said he's going to be a little bit late, which is good. I want to talk to you about something that happened last night."

She stood and walked to the filing cabinet. One glance down her body and Ryker's shoulders went soft, his belly stirred with want. She was wearing jeans that rode low on her hips and went straight down the leg showing every luscious inch he'd been drooling over next to the pool. And, evidently, cowboy boots went with jeans as well as dresses, because they were on her feet again today. The blouse was faded cheetah print, sleeveless, with ruffles along the straps and a deep vee showing a pretty expanse of skin along her back.

Dammit. He'd played her down a hundred different ways in his head last night. Made a dozen different reasonable excuses he shouldn't find her attractive. Then he stepped in the room, saw those little glasses, heard her sweet voice, got a look at that slim figure, and he went all weird.

What he wouldn't give to feel her against him right now. Her arms around him. The thought brought a fantasy of such deep relief, Ryker swayed on his feet.

"Hey..."

He looked up at her worried tone and realized she'd been talking and he'd been zoning. "What?"

She was standing just six feet away, glasses in her hand, frown pulling her brows together, chestnut hair falling long in loose waves. She wore just a little makeup, on her eyes, her cheeks...

"I asked if you're feeling okay. You're pale. You look clammy." She turned to the fridge, pulled out two bottles of water and gestured to the sofa. "Sit. Are you nauseous? You ate the rib eye last night, didn't you? I hope you didn't get a bad steak. How well was it cooked?"

He moved to the sofa. "I'm fine. Just didn't sleep well."

She sat next to him and her scent curled in the air like a breeze, citrus and flowers and sunshine.

"Damn, you smell good." He leaned away. "You shouldn't get so close."

"What's this?" She turned his hand over and ran her finger across the wrist he'd just snapped the hell out of. "Is this a rash? Do you think you're contagious?"

"No, but I'm definitely hazardous to your health."

She put a hand on his forehead, slid it to his neck. Her cool touch made him a little delirious. "No fever."

"You're just checking in the wrong place."

She smirked and uncapped a water bottle. "Drink this. You're probably dehydrated from the beer last night."

"I didn't have enough to-"

"Just drink," she insisted.

He obeyed, more so he could get his gaze off her face and cool down than because he wanted or needed it. She pressed the other bottle against his neck and he jumped at the cold, spilling water over his lips with a sound of protest.

"I was saying," she said, repositioning the bottle to his cheek as he lowered his head and wiped his chin with the back of his hand, "that I didn't like the insinuation Josh made about this job risking your position in the Army. And I'm going to have a talk with him about it the next time I see him."

"I can fight my own battles, Rachel, but thank you." He gave her a sidelong look as she rolled the bottle up his temple. "What are you doing?"

"I always feel better with something cold on my face when I'm sick."

She shifted closer and lifted it to his forehead, exposing the delicate underside of her arm, the full side of her breast pushing against the fabric of her blouse. He could wrap his forearm around her waist and have her underneath him in two seconds. And the memory of how her little body felt beneath his, of his face buried between her breasts, breathing her in, of her hands in his hair, legs around his waist...

"What you do with your career is your choice," she said, her voice softer now. "I know Troy's asked you for this favor, and you feel obligated to help out. But I'd feel horrible if the sixteen years you've put in were somehow messed up because of this one job. I mean, yeah, it's really important to us, to the company, but somehow, I don't know, I got a flash of the bigger picture for you last night and...it worries me."

"You're adorable when you worry."

"Shut up. I'm trying to-"

"Take care of me. The same way you take care of the others." He leaned forward, elbows on knees, getting closer, to feel her heat, smell her scent. He could tilt his head, ease in and have his lips on hers. Desire slid beneath his skin. "I know. That's what makes your ramble so sweet."

"Fine, forget it." She scowled at him and pulled the bottle from his skin. "Ruin your career and your future if you want. I was going to tell you that if there's anyway I could help-I don't know how, because I don't know how that military shit works-it was worth investigating so you didn't ruin your future, but that's obviously not-"

He closed the distance and pressed his lips to hers. At the same time, he lifted his hand to cup her head, knowing she'd immediately pull away-which she tried. But he held her there for an extended moment, just to feel her lips again.

And, yes, they were as supple and full and soft as he remembered.

Then, before she pushed away, he released her.

The stunned look in her eyes was so cute, he wanted to kiss her again. But he didn't. "I hear you," he said softly. "And I appreciate the worry. So far, I'm in the clear. If anything changes, I'll let you know." He lifted his brows. "Okay?"

She licked her lips slowly, as if trying to drag in the taste of him, and the sight was like an electric current along his skin.

"Don't do that again," she said, but there was no punch behind the words. "Anyone could walk in that door, and-"

"I'd hear them before they even got close, sugar."

"You're missing the point again-"

"No, I'm not."

She gave him one of those stern looks that made him grin and changed the subject. "One of the problems with Josh is that he's with a company where making waves brings success. The more information they uproot, the better their job analysis. The better their analysis, the less risk the insurance company takes, and-"

"I know how it works," he said. "The bigger problem with Marx is that he doesn't like me threatening his territory-you."

"Please don't refer to me as territory. I'd have to get pissed off, and honestly, I just don't have the energy." She pushed the second bottle into his other hand and leaned forward to pick up the laptop off her desk, then sat on the edge of the sofa beside him again, the computer angled so they could both see the screen. "I have all the resumes pulled up here for you to look at, but I wanted you to check out Charlie's first. I think he'll make a great foreman for you."

"Why aren't you with him?" he asked, unable to keep the question he'd been wondering about since last night tucked away any longer.

Her gaze swung to his, that cute little crease between her smooth brows. "What?"

"Marx," he said. "Why aren't you with him? I mean only him."

Her eyes narrowed and the skin beneath her right eye quivered. "Only...him?"

"He's everything most women want," Ryker pushed. "And he clearly wants you."

The muscle of her jaw jumped and she turned away. "I'm not trying to be a bitch, but it's none of your business."

"You're right, it's not," he said. "But I still want an answer."

"Wow. This is going to be a long few weeks if..." She pressed her lips together and curled her fingers into the sofa cushion at her thighs. "Look, Josh is great, but he's looking for a wife. He wants the whole picket-fence, meet-the-parents-with-a-ring-on-your-finger type of forever, and that's just not me. At least not now. And as I told him, not anytime in the near future."

He narrowed his eyes as if that would help him see deeper inside her. "Why is that?"

"Because I don't want permanent," she said, her annoyance leaking into her voice. Her gaze turned on him. "I don't want complicated. I don't want forever. I just want simple. No strings. I certainly don't owe you an explanation." She refocused on her laptop. "So, back to Charlie. He's a retired marine, so you two will have the military jargon in common-"

"What about the other guy?" he asked. Staffing was the last thing he gave a shit about right now. "Does he know you're picking up men on the side?"

Her expression darkened with impatience. "What other guy?"

"The one on the phone last night. The one you were making excuses not to see."

Her lips remained parted, her eyes searching his. "You were...eavesdropping?"

"No, I overheard."

She rolled her eyes toward her computer again. "You 'overheard' me talking to my father. I can understand how you would assume I'm sleeping around, considering how we met." The skin of her cheek and neck darkened to a bright pink. "But I'm not. And I don't...usually. You were...a fluke."

Like a tick, his frustration burrowed deeper. "Nice. Maybe I'll tattoo that on my ass."

"Nathan, you don't want anymore from me than I want from you, so stop this...this...whatever the hell this is. Focus. I think you'll like Charlie." She slanted him a disgusted look. "I'm sure he'll understand your Ranger tattoo immediately."

"Just hold the fuck on," he said, voice growing louder as all the information gelled. "If you're not with Marx, because you don't want serious, and you don't have a guy in the wings, and you've already fucked me twenty ways to Sunday, why the hell do you keep pushing me away? Because you're right, we both want the same thing, and you know I'm going to be on the other side of the world in a few weeks. Is there any less of a commitment than that?

"I said simple." Her voice rasped as she tried to keep it down. Her eyes shone dark and bright with anger. "There is nothing simple about this. If I'd known who you were I would never have slept with you, because fucking guys at work causes these kinds of problems."

"The only problems here are the ones you're creating in your head."

"You know that's not true," she said, her expression incredulous. "There's Troy and Josh and Renegades. There's a lot at stake here. Relationships with people we both care about, the success of a business that means everything to those people."

He leaned away, and rubbed a hand down his face, his jaw tight. On one hand, he understood what she was trying to do, on the other...

He gathered his patience and met her gaze purposefully. "Loyalty is important, Rachel, but so is living your life. And I know people say it all the time, but life really is short. I've seen it first hand...way too many times. One second you're here. Poof. Then you're gone. And all those things you wished you'd done...you never get the chance."

Distress dragged at her expression as she pressed her lips together and looked away. Ryker remembered the concern in her gaze the night before when Marx had made a point of mentioning the inherent danger in his job and softened his voice.

"What I'm trying to say is..." He scraped a hand through his hair and muttered, "what the fuck am I trying to say?" His troubled gaze found hers again. "I love Troy. I'd die for him. But what I won't do for him is change the way I live my life just to make him happy. I won't trade his happiness for mine. That's his responsibility. And I would never expect him-or anyone else-to do that for me either.

"Marx..." he paused, forcing himself to take the high road here, "...he's a grown man. He may not like dealing with rejection or competition, but he will, because he's a professional, and if he doesn't it will reflect badly on him. I can promise you, he doesn't want that."

"You're probably right," she agreed. "and I'm sure I'm nothing but a blip on his radar-yours too, for that matter-but we're in too much of a time crunch to take the risk. Because the reality is, he could kill or stall this last stunt with a few words to the right people, and I wouldn't have enough time to straighten it out in a way that would save this company."

With a heavy sigh of frustration, he pulled the laptop from her thighs, and set it on the floor.

"What are you-" she started.

Twisting toward her, he gripped her waist and pulled her over his lap. She parted her legs easily, straddling him like it was the most natural thing to do...because it was. And she knew it, no matter how often she denied it.

He held her hips tight and met her gaze. "I'll give you room to get your head on straight," he said, "but I'm not giving up, because if you were an ordinary blip on my radar, I'd have let go of the idea yesterday morning. And because we do want the same thing."

He cupped her neck with one hand and pulled her in for a kiss. A surprised little murmur sounded in the back of her throat.

She pushed against his arm, pulling back, but didn't put any effort behind it, so Ryker held her, his fingers swallowed by the soft strands of her hair. He slid his lips over hers, suckling, releasing, suckling again. Another sound floated from her throat, this one softer, sexier. He chanced releasing her from the kiss to try another part of her mouth. So full. So kissable. So lickable. So...fuckable.

When she didn't jump to her feet, Ryker sank in, tilting his head and exploring.

She murmured a breathless, "Nathan..."

His insides warmed. Every pain in his body disappeared. Every shadow vanished. She chased all his demons away, and for a moment, he found relief. He slid his tongue over her full bottom lip, growing more desperate by the moment. Unable to stop. Needing more. Warning flags waved in his head. This was going to be a problem. She was going to be his new drug-and he was already addicted.

Rachel's fingers tightened on his arm, her nails stinging his skin. Her mouth softened, opened wider. Her tongue licked in, found his and stroked, adding gasoline to his fire. His groin swelled with heat, his cock rubbing against his pants. He groaned into her mouth, changed the angle of the kiss and released her head to grip her hips, pulling her fully against his erection.

She broke the kiss on a gasp, but he didn't give her time to think, to fight. "Nath-"

"Just for a minute," he murmured, sliding his hands up her sides, around her back, savoring the feel of her little frame. Filling his head with her scent. Memorizing this moment, wishing he could use it later, when things got bad again. "I just need...a minute."

He drove his hands into her hair and pulled her head down again. The second their mouths fused, she melted. Her body bowed toward his on a sigh, her legs sliding wider until her softness pressed against his cock. Her arms wrapped around his neck, her belly and breasts molding to his torso. And, damn, they had rhythm. Their lips, their tongues, the way their bodies rocked without thought, giving and seeking pleasure without words. He felt the ribs along her back, the indentions of her spine, the flare of her hips. Gripped her ass, pulled her in, and she rode him like a champion cowgirl.

The crunch of gravel sounded in the distance, and regret swamped his belly.

He tasted her for the last time and broke the kiss on a groan of frustration, then lifted her off his lap, and set her on the floor with a nudge. "Go," he muttered, "before I fuck this up for both of us."

Leaning down, he picked up her computer and scanned Charlie's resume. She stepped back and pressed her fingertips to the surface of her desk to steady herself. And the only think that kept him from reaching for her again was the footsteps on the trailer stairs.

Thank God her desk was only ten feet from the sofa, if it had been any farther, she might not have made it without swerving. Rachel covered her need to still the spin in her head by running her hand through her hair, then balanced herself with her hand on the corner of her desk just as the trailer door opened.

"How's it going?"

Jax's voice relieved her in some ways and unnerved her in others. She'd been so lost in Nathan's kiss, in the feel of his erection between her legs, she would have missed the sound of her boss coming up the stairs until it was too late.

She didn't turn toward Jax cause if she swiveled her head toward the door, she'd definitely end up on the floor.

"Good," Nathan said, his voice completely normal. "I just started with the resumes. Rachel thinks Charlie is my foreman."

"Charlie's great," Jax said. "We were lucky to get him for this job."

While Jax and Nathan discussed the details of Charlie's experience, Rachel returned to her desk and stared at her computer as if she were actually looking at the program on her screen. She couldn't play this game, it was beyond her. The same way the idea of casually fucking a stranger was obviously beyond her.

"Sounds like I've got my foreman." Nathan set the laptop aside and grinned at her when she looked up. "One down, a dozen to go."

Rachel's stomach dropped. This would be the longest three weeks of her ever-loving life.

"But first," Nathan grabbed the plans he'd set on the floor and spread them on the opposite desk, speaking to Jax again. "Let me walk you through the changes in the action I made after we talked last night."

Rachel pulled out her legal pad and tried to listen, occasionally adding notes to the ones she'd made last night as he, Jax and Josh had discussed the plan with the other guys popping in and out of the conversation to add their thoughts, their expertise.

"You're looking for maximum reality with minimal risk," Nathan started, repeating the agreement they'd come to last night. "So the best option to create a staggered, machinegun-like pattern to the gunfire is to work this in two filming shots. For the first, I'll drill into the asphalt at an angle and place shallow charges. Each group can be configured to detonate in a precise pattern, and the holes can easily be covered to match the road for filming purposes."

"Sounds great." Jax's brows drew together in concentration, one arm crossed over his chest, the other hand supporting his chin. "What have you got for the second sequence?"

"I thought a lot about it last night." Nathan said. "We can't start rigging the explosives for the second blast until the first one has been filmed. But if you figure they're shooting the missiles at the speeding car, and missing because it's swerving, I thought the best way to handle that would be to take the bridge out in sections."

He leaned forward and pointed something out to Jax on the plans. "So we've got portions of the bridge exploding, one after the other, here, then here, then here, etc. Now, we need exploding concrete, but we also need fireballs, because missiles carry a shitload of fuel-"

"And this is Hollywood," Jax added with a grin.

"That too. To get the concrete to explode, I'll use C4, but to get the fireball I'll use a handmade mixture of Tannerite and gasoline, and what you'll get is-"

"A cinematographer's orgasm," Jax finished, a familiar excitement glowing on his face, but only for a moment before it vanished. "What about the fire hazard? This whole state is tinder."

Tannerite? What the hell was Tannerite? Rachel noted the name and opened a browser on her computer, typing the word into Google.

"The ammonium nitrate in the Tannerite burns out almost instantly," Nathan continued, "which is why we need the gasoline-to extend the fireball for filming. But there are no trees near the bridge, so the explosion will eat up the gasoline before it ever reaches anything flammable. And the powdered aluminum we add will give us that thick black smoke that makes the fireball ridiculously dramatic."

"Where would we buy this Tannerite?" she asked, looking up from the computer. "Says here it's a name brand explosive."

"Hardly," Nathan said. "I'll make it. Way cheaper. It's just ammonium nitrate and aluminum powder-"

"But it's a patented formula," she glanced back at the screen.

"The brand might be," he said. "But not the concept. What are you looking at?"

"Wikipedia."

He chuckled. "Honey, I'm your Wikipedia on explosives."

She rolled her eyes and jotted more notes about the compound.

"Why not acetyln?" Jax asked.

Rachel jotted that name down too. Lord, she was going to get a serious crash course in explosives in the next week.

"Acetyln produces percussion," Nathan said. "Percussion kills. If we don't need it, we shouldn't use it. With this..." he tapped the plans where he'd scribbled some notes, "you'll get a lot of movie flash-bang. Now," he moved his finger to the bridge's metal canopy. "This portion will be rigged with shaped charges that will cut through the metal and another combo pack of Tannerite and gasoline that will send it flying with another fireball."

"Slow down," Rachel muttered, writing down all this new language.

"I got this, Rach. Don't worry about it." To Jax Nathan said, "Everything will be timed down to the millisecond. But I don't want to start planning that level of detail until I know you're on board."

Jax nodded. "I'm there. And I think Josh will be, too."

"Hello," she said. "I'm the one managing this. Could you slow the train so I can jump on board too?"

Nathan grinned at her, and those pretty eyes of his sparkled, setting off fireworks in her belly.

"Josh is going to want to know," Jax said, pulling Nathan's gaze back, "how you're going to limit debris from ricocheting off the rock outcroppings on the ground."

"Handling ricochet is one of my specialties."

"Be careful," Rachel said, voice heavy with sarcasm, "you're starting to sound like an expert in everything."

"Everything explosive maybe," Nathan said. "But don't ask me to give you a grilled vegetable recipe."

He'd obviously been listening her conversations with Josh the night before when she'd believed him totally absorbed in the planning process with the guys. She narrowed her eyes at him, but only got that annoyingly adorable grin before he returned his attention to Jax with a plan for using something called Geotex to limit contact between the bridge debris and the rocks below, as well as protect the buildings of the ranch.

"Do you spell that the way it sounds?" she asked, "Geotex?"

"Rach," he said. "I got this."

She dropped her pencil and leaned her head into one hand before she met his eyes. "Well, you'd better figure out a way of making sure I get it too, because I'm going to have to find and purchase all these materials for you."

"I'll make sure," he said, voice low, "you get everything you need."

Heat melted through her lower body, and irritation flared. She so didn't need this.

Jax didn't seem to notice the innuendo. He opened the door to a small box hanging on the wall and grabbed two of the many sets of keys stored there. "Sounds great. Now we just need to get it all in writing after you see the bridge. I'll bring the trailers up from the storage area and start loading. Rachel, finish up whatever you're working on so you and Ryker can get out of here."

Ryker extended his hand. "Toss me a set. I'll bring one up."

They were chatting about the sequence action plan as they left the trailer and totted down the stairs, their voices fading along with their footsteps as they headed down the hill. And Rachel was left with a shitload of work to get done before she left and absolutely no ability to concentrate.

She pulled up the human resources program on her computer and opened payroll. Then glanced at the clock in the corner of her screen and thought about everything she needed to take care of before she left, and her shoulders tightened.

She opened the ledger where she kept track of everyone's hours, and her ears perked at the sound of an engine climbing the grade, followed by the crunch of gravel beneath tires. The storage parking lot was a mile down the hill. That couldn't be Jax and Nathan, and since the crew was shooting a night scene later, she hadn't anticipated seeing anyone before noon.

But footsteps on the stairs brought her head up just as the trailer door opened. Troy stepped in with a scowl.

"Hey," she said, straightening. "What are you doing here?"

"Rach, we need to talk."

She dropped her hands on her desk. "Oh, God, Troy. This big brother thing has really gone too far."

He braced his hands on cocked hips and gave her the I'm-not-leaving-until-we-talk scowl.

"Fine, fine." It wasn't like she was getting anything done anyway. "When everyone is bitching about their paycheck, I'm sending them to you."

She pushed back from her desk and walked to the couch, then plopped down in the corner where Ryker had been sitting earlier. She shifted sideways and bent one foot underneath her. Troy sat next to her, elbows on knees, palms flat against each other in front of his mouth.

When he didn't say anything and his scowl remained, Rachel said, "What's going on with you? I've never seen you like this."

He pulled his hands back to speak but didn't look at her. "That's because I've never been in this situation."

"What situation?"

"Having my best friend all hot for another best friend."

"Troy," she softened her voice. "Nothing's happening between Ryker and me. Besides, you've seen me handle myself with men around here for six months. I can hold my own just fine. And I should bust the overwhelming myth around here that I'm a one man type of girl, because serious is not on my interest list at the moment." But her curiosity got the best of her. "What's got you so concerned?"

He heaved a breath and closed his eyes. "Can I be honest with you Rach?"

She reached out and curved her fingers around his muscled forearm. "Always."

"I have a trust with Ryker I can't break," he said. "It wouldn't be right. But it's not right to sit by and watch you get hurt because I know he's not going to come out and tell you himself, either."

He's married. It was the first thing that fluttered into her mind. She managed to hold herself together and calmly said. "Okay."

"Ryker...is a good man." Troy glanced at her then, meeting her gaze with determination. "A really good man. Honorable, loyal, dedicated, honest..."

Her stomach tightened. "But..."

"He's..." Troy let out a breath and turned away again, but not before the anguish showed on his face, "in a bad place-emotionally, mentally. He's seen...bad stuff. Hellacious stuff. He's lost a lot of good friends. Eventually, that gets to a person. Changes a person. And right now, he's struggling."

"You can't be saying he's not stable, because I know you would never have recommended him for this job-"

"No, no. He's completely capable of pulling this off. I mean, he's in a bad place-emotionally, mentally. He's seen bad stuff. He's lost a lot of good friends. Eventually, that gets to a person. He's broken-on the inside. He's hurting in a place that can't always be healed. He's damaged in a way that sometimes makes him hurt other people without meaning to."

A chill expanded in Rachel's belly, while the sting of fear burned in her chest.

He turned his head and met her eyes. "I don't want you pulled into that web, because here's the truth about you, Rach. You may not be interested in serious, but you care. You care about everyone and everything. It's in your genetic makeup. And even if you were to hookup with a guy for a night, or two, or whatever, you'd still care."

Troy stood, shoved his hands into his pockets met her eyes. Christ, he looked ten years older than he should. Worried. Wrung out. Pained.

"I know you're a big girl, Rach. I know you can make your own choices. But I want you to make informed choices. Know that Ry is really good at getting women right where he wants them. I've watched him do it our whole lives. And he hasn't changed. He's been doing it with a different woman every night for the last month in New Orleans.

"The Army is his life. It's all he knows, and it's what he loves. It's as much the air he breathes as Renegades is mine. Without it, he would spiral into self-destruction. He's going back to Afghanistan, Rach, and he's not coming back. Not for at least two years. That's his pattern. And it might not be my place to say, but I think you deserve better."

Rachel exhaled, but that didn't help the knot in her gut. There was something else going on with Troy, she'd known him long enough to see he was being eaten on the inside, too, and it wasn't jealousy. There had never been any attraction between she and Troy. They'd been like brother and sister from the start. But it was pretty clear Nathan's presence had sparked something painful for Troy.

"Thank you for telling me," she said, then added a tentative, "I'm always here for you, too, if you need to talk or...anything. You know I love you, right?"

A smile lifted the corner of his mouth. "Yeah. I guess you're pretty okay too." He started toward the door. "Get back to work. I need a fucking paycheck. I ain't got no sugar mama like Chamberlin and Lawson."

12

"You weren't lyin'. You are one hell of a little hiker."

Ryker paused in the shade of another bridge pillar, the last one he and Rachel needed to inspect before they headed back down for the day. But, truthfully, he wasn't in any hurry to leave Rachel or the gorgeous landscape.

He swung his pack off his shoulder and let it drop on the dirt trail. He was tired today after his second night with very little sleep-he only wished it had been for the same reason as the first. And he'd spent the whole drive here searching for some way to convince Rachel to change her mind about him.

But he sucked at this shit. He'd always been the one wanting less. Now he wanted more, none of which he could have-not only because Rachel was denying it, but because of who he was. And who he wasn't.

Pulling the T-shirt he'd stripped off a couple of hours ago from his waistband, he wiped sweat off his face and thought about putting it back on. He'd already be sporting a sunburn tomorrow, despite the base tan scorched into him by the Afghan sun and the sweat-proof, fifty-SPF sunscreen he'd applied before starting out. But every time he caught Rachel's eyes sliding over his chest or back, with the same spark from their first night glimmering, he decided to risk the discomfort.

He sucked in a deep lungful of the crisp fresh country air, just tinged with salt from the ocean a mile or so out, and soaked in every curve of the rolling green hills, every artfully scattered cluster of oak trees. When he turned, he found Rachel taking the final steps up the steep grade.

He stuffed his shirt away and extended his hand. She took it, leveraging herself the last three feet to the plateau at his side. Wincing, panting, she planted her hands on her knees and looked up at him. "I believe I failed to mention...that the last time I backpacked...was about eight years ago..."

He grinned. She hadn't complained once. Not once in six damn hours of hiking this steep, rocky, sometimes slippery terrain. She had scrapes on her arms, legs, and hands, and dirt covered almost every inch of her, including streaks on her face he wasn't mentioning because they were just too damned adorable to wipe off.

She had her hair in a ponytail, threaded through a baseball cap, and now pulled her sunglasses off, placing them above the brim of her cap before searching for water in her bag. Her tank top showed the movement of toned arm and shoulder muscles beneath smooth skin, and tight ab muscles beneath the fitted cotton. Her shorts weren't exactly ass-hugging short, but they certainly left those luscious thighs of hers fully exposed for Ryker's visual enjoyment.

"Well, you fooled me." He pulled a ground cloth from his pack and laid it out. "Rest a while. I'll call out measurements to you. Won't take long."

"This is the last pillar, right?"

Unfortunately. "Yep."

"Thank God." She stumbled to the tarp, dropped her pack, and plopped on her butt. "Oh wow," she breathed. "Every view just keeps getting better."

Ryker took out his own water from his pack and glanced at her as she looked up at the monolith of a bridge above them.

"This sucker is ginormous," she said, then laughed. "How many times have I said that today?"

He didn't know. He couldn't pull his gaze away from the pulse in her neck. Couldn't stop thinking about that last time they'd had sex in the hotel room, when she'd been spread across his lap, her head thrown back just like that, sweat shining on her skin the way it did now, and his cock driving deep, deep, deep into her heat-

"I'm just glad you're a Wikipedia on explosions." Her words cut into his thoughts, and he uncapped his water, downing half the bottle. A crisp breeze pushed cotton-ball clouds across a turquoise sky and ruffled the new grasses on the hillside. The navy-blue Pacific Ocean sparkled in the distance.

"That's the ranch, right?" Her voice drew his gaze, and he found her looking into a smooth valley with groupings of silver-roofed deep-red buildings.

"Yep."

She squinted up at the bridge, then back down at the ranch, and Ryker read the concern on her face.

"We're wrapping it with Geotex," he said.

"You never told me what Geotex is."

"A fabric that's strong enough to withstand flying debris. It's what we're using under the bridge to keep the concrete and metal from hitting the rocks on the north end." His mind drifted backward in time, despite his best efforts to hold it in place. "Ricochet can cause a lot of damage."

"And why do you consider yourself an expert?" she asked, a hint of humor in her voice. "Because you've avoided a lot of damage or caused a lot of damage?"

He wanted to smile, make light of it, but for him, ricochet was a negative theme in his life, one that caused way too much collateral damage-bouncing back and forth between his mother and foster care. Hitting one foster care home only to be sent to another, then another. School to school. Friend to friend. Woman to woman. The only constant in his life was the Army and Troy. And in the Army, ricochet, and the collateral damage it caused, took on lethal proportions.

Yes, unfortunately, he was an expert in ricochet.

He put his water away, avoiding her gaze. "I guess I've done my share of both."

She'd been unusually quiet all day. Sure, the tough terrain made it difficult to talk, but he sensed something different about her, as if she were preoccupied. Almost as if she'd pulled away from him-which was just asinine, since there wasn't anything to pull away from.

Over the last few hours, he'd gotten some small talk out of her-where she'd gone to school and how she'd gone to work for her father's agricultural sales company afterward. She claimed she'd moved away to take this job with Renegades when he'd retired, but Ryker wasn't buying that-at least not completely.

He'd also seen Troy head up to the trailer this morning while he and Jax had been hiking down to the storage parking, and Ryker had a hunch Troy had given her some serious anti-Ryker information to consider. He respected the way Troy was trying to take care of his friends, but Ryker didn't appreciate being sacrificed to achieve that end.

He'd been avoiding asking her all day-he really didn't want to know what Troy had said, but the very fact that she hadn't mentioned it yet was making him a little crazy.

Rachel pulled the plans from the tube she'd been carrying. She leafed through the pages to find this section of the bridge.

There wasn't any easy way to do this, so he just pushed the words out. "What did Troy say this morning?"

She found the page she was looking for and smoothed it flat. "Oh, you know." She sighed the words as if the whole topic exhausted her. "Same old the-sky-will-fall-if-you-don't-stay-away-from-Ryker thing." She shook her head, and her ponytail brushed against her back. "I just...I mean, I understand what he's trying to do and why...but then, I don't." She looked up but didn't turn to face him where he stood behind her, only looked out at the ocean. "You'd never guess he'd been raving about you just a week ago. Ryker this, Ryker that. Ryker, Ryker, Ryker." She laughed softly and looked down at the plans again. "We were all pretty sick of it, to tell you the truth. Now...all this..."

She finally glanced over her shoulder, and her gaze paused on his dog tags where they hug against his chest before her eyes lifted to his. "You told him, didn't you?"

"No." He planted his hands on his hips. "I didn't. And I wouldn't, because he's acting like a possessive lunatic. But I think I know why."

She shifted a quarter turn and met his gaze. "Why?"

"Has he ever mentioned a woman named Giselle?"

Her gaze went distant as she thought. "No. Who is she?"

"Love of his life. And when I say that, I don't mean they fell in love, I mean they were like threads in the fabric of each other's lives. Best friends, lovers. They'd known each other since she was ten and he was twelve. Became lovers young, maybe sixteen and eighteen, I don't remember exactly." He looked up from the ground and found her riveted. "Giselle had an amazing singing voice. Absolute heaven to listen to. And a few years ago, she got that big break in Nashville."

"Not Giselle Diamond," she said, part statement, part question.

"Diamond is her stage name, but yeah."

"Oh." She breathed the word, her face twisted with sympathy. "She left him for the dream."

"It's...a little more complicated than that, and I still don't think I even know the whole truth about what happened to break them up, but, basically, yes. She went for it, and there wasn't room for Troy in that life."

"Ouch." Rachel grimaced. "But, what does that have to do with me?"

"Sometimes you remind me of her. Mannerisms, figures of speech, just..." he gestured absently, "little flashes here and there. Especially when you two were bickering in the office. He and Giselle grew up together, so in some ways they interacted like siblings-the sniping, the rivalry.

"I think he sees that in you too, subconsciously if not consciously. And he was extremely protective of Giselle. She was a beautiful girl, and she had this raw sweetness about her that made her vulnerable. We toughened her up, so as she got older, she developed a steel core beneath the sugar-a lot like you." Ryker shook his head and rubbed his fingers down the sides of his mouth. "But a girl like that in our situation... It was good she had us watching out for her.

"Anyway, I think he has sort of unconsciously transferred that protection instinct to you for that reason. And when it comes to me, I know he loves me. I know he brought me here to help me. But he's not going to let me hurt you. At least not if he can help it."

Rachel waited expectantly. When he didn't go on, she asked, "What...situation?"

"The foster home Troy and I were in could be pretty rough. The woman running it didn't care what we did as long as we didn't get dropped home in a patrol car, which left Giselle vulnerable to the other kids in the house. Troy and I were best friends by the time Giselle came int, and we couldn't stand the thought of some of the other kids abusing her. We took her under our wing, became the three musketeers. At least until we got kicked out at eighteen. Giselle was only sixteen, but she left with Troy."

"And you went into the army," she said, looking dazed.

He nodded.

"I had no idea..." Her voice trailed off.

"About Giselle?"

"No. I mean, I didn't know about Giselle either, but I meant about foster care."

Tension coiled along Ryker's shoulders. His mind filled with, Oh. Shit. "I...I... He always talks about how close you all are. He's never been secretive about it. Shit." He lowered his head and scraped a hand through his hair, sick he'd shared that information.

"I won't say anything," Rachel said. "And maybe the guys already know. I haven't been with them that long." Her hands coiled and wrapped around each other in a helpless, embarrassed gesture. "I'm sorry."

"For what?"

"For...I don't know. Everything you went through as a kid. That you had to talk about it to explain..." She shrugged, looking helpless.

"Relax, sweetheart. I'm the one who brought it up."

She licked her lips and nodded. Then turned to face the plans again. "Thanks for telling me." She swung her feet underneath her, rose to her knees, and planted her hands on the paper to inspect the drawings.

Ryker's full attention shifted to the way she looked on all fours, and he released a heavy breath of pent-up desire.

"So where do you want to start?" she asked.

He drew his bottom lip between his teeth. When he didn't answer, she glanced over her shoulder, and recognition of where his mind had gone heated her eyes.

He had resisted making any advance toward her after that kiss in the trailer. No touching, no innuendos, nothing. And it was becoming clear this was a ridiculous effort-for both of them.

He stepped closer and dropped to one knee behind her. She immediately straightened, but her back met his chest, and he eased her into position again. With his chest against her shoulder, his erection against her hip, his hand flat next to hers, he slid the fingers of his other hand into her hair from the base of her neck to her crown. She closed her eyes and sighed.

"I'd start," he whispered at her temple, "by getting you naked. Maybe almost naked, because you'd look so pretty in something skimpy and lacy, maybe red satin and black lace."

Her fingers curled into fists, her nails scraping the plans.

He ran the tip of his nose down her temple, tilted his chin, and pressed his lips just below her ear. She shivered, the same way she had that night. Tightening his fingers in her hair, he pulled her head back. "Then, I'd create a little bite, because the pleasure always feels better when there's a little pain for contrast."

He slowly released her hair and massaged her scalp, pressing his lips to her jaw, her neck, listening for another sigh. When it came, he let his hand slide from her hair and straight down her spine, adding pressure at the center of her back. "I'd arch you, lifting your ass..." She moved fluidly, as if she were perfectly programmed, her hip rubbing against his cock as her ass rose. He moved his hand over the small of her back, the round of her cheek, and whispered to her, "So your pussy was positioned perfectly for my thrusts."

He lowered his hand between her legs, and her hips lifted into his touch. Lust, need, excitement, they all rushed his blood at the same moment, and he growled, closing his hand and clutching her pussy through her shorts.

Her head came back, mouth dropped open, and a quiet, high-pitched sound of pleasure tumbled out. She couldn't have responded any more perfectly. Ryker pressed his forehead against her jaw and collected the tendrils of dark desire that told him to take her, here, now, in the open. The thought lit a match in his blood. And she'd let him. In fact, she'd thrive on it the same way. He knew. But he also knew that afterward, when the passion ebbed and her mind cleared, they'd spiral into the same old standoff. And he was sick of having to fight her self-imposed limits.

So he pulled his hand from between her legs, slid it up her back, and clasped her neck gently. He turned his head to look down at the plans, resting his cheek against hers.

"Oh," he said, his voice thick. "You meant the bridge." When she opened her eyes, he tapped the base of the pillar on the paper. "I'll give you the measurements starting at the bottom and move up."

He kissed her hair, gritted his teeth, and forced himself to his feet with a rigid cock rubbing in all the wrong places.

Without looking back at her, he drew the laser level and measure from his backpack and clamped it to the tripod, then hiked another painful twenty feet with his cock rubbing against his pants, to the base of the column and set the tripod on solid ground.

"Ready?" he asked.

He called off three measurements before her phone rang-for at least the tenth time since they started up the mountain, and only four of those calls she'd answered.

"Hold on," she said, her brow crunched in irritation as she pulled her phone from her pocket and silenced the call-which told Ryker it hadn't been Renegades. She answered all those. "Goddammit," she muttered. "Get the message already."

She stuffed it back into her pocket and read the last measurement back to him, then said, "Go ahead."

"I'm more interested in who you don't want to talk to so badly? Is the ex trying to hunt you down?"

She laughed softly, but the sound was laced with bitter sarcasm. "That's a twisted, convoluted way to look at it, I guess."

"Really." Hell, he'd only been kidding. Now he wanted to know about the ex. And why the fuck did he care? "Can't wait to hear this."

"And I can't wait to get into the bath calling my name. Let's get this finished."

He moved to another location, repositioned the tripod, and called out another trio of measurements, trying to force his mind back to the stunt. But he'd thought this job through backward, forward, upside down, and sideways since it had been presented to him. His brain needed a break. And thinking about Rachel was always a vacation.

Before he moved to the other side of the pillar, he said, "It's good to talk about stuff. Like I tell my team, if you keep it in, you're gonna explode before an IED gets you."

"It wasn't a guy," she said with an eye roll in her voice. "It was my sister."

Ryker shuffled the tripod's feet into the dirt until it was stable, then lined up the level, but his mind was on the call she'd had with her father the night before. "Don't get along with her as well as you do your dad?"

"Nope."

"One too many family backpacking trips?"

"Something like that."

"Then why does she want to talk to you so badly?"

"Don't know, don't care, don't want to talk about it. I'm getting cranky. Might want to finish this up before my bitch starts to show."

"You have one?" he said, grinning behind the viewfinder as he noted measurements.

"You know I have one," she said. "And she's been getting way too much face time lately."

He chuckled and called the numbers out. "So far it's not half as bad as I've seen in the past. Does it get riled any worse than when Troy messes with your files or Jax changes your plans?"

She sat back on her heels and started rolling the blueprints. "Oh, I don't know," she said with a light sarcastic edge. "Lying, betrayal, secrets...that stuff pisses me off pretty good too."

He thought about that as he slid the equipment into his pack. He'd crossed the line with lying and secrets. Betrayal, though... That one he'd bet belonged to the sister. He didn't know anything about healthy family relationships but was pretty sure she knew exactly what her sister wanted to talk about. And he had a pretty good suspicion that her discord with her sister had something to do with that little quip about a twisted way to see the call as her ex trying to get ahold of her. Add the comment about betrayal and those protective prickles along his spine spiked again. Because he did know all about family betrayal.

"Is that why you told your dad you're too busy to see him?"

"I am busy." She bit out the overly defensive words, then cut herself off. But there was pain in her tone, in her expression. Pain that made his chest tight. "But yes," she said, quieter, more in control. "I don't want to spend my time with my parents when Nicole is there, because we all end up fighting, and it's bad for everyone. It's just better if I go when she's not there."

That wasn't the whole truth. Ryker sensed a deep festering wound beneath the crusted scab that he was sure kept Rachel together. In fact, he'd bet keeping that scab intact accounted for about 95 percent of the decisions she made on a daily basis. Yet another protective action he knew all about.

"I get it," he said. "My life has always been filled with people who thrive on conflict. You're the smart one, avoiding it."

She exhaled and her shoulders released some tension as she focused on closing her pack. He crouched beside her, organizing his own bag. She took another long drink of water, and a dribble slipped past her lips, dripping over her chin. His hand lifted, and his index finger followed the path\. She pulled the bottle away but didn't stop him. He followed the drop all the way to her cleavage, where it absorbed into her cotton tank.

Her pretty eyes met his and said everything she wouldn't. She wanted him. She was tired of fighting it. Yet she still held back.

"It's exhausting," he said. "Isn't it?"

Her gaze slid to his mouth, and just that little spark of heat in her expression created fire low in his gut. "What?"

"Resisting."

Her eyes met his again.

And her phone rang.

But this time, she didn't move to pick it up. Didn't break his gaze. He felt her desire to jump. But there was a lot going on beneath her surface. Things he'd never claim to be able to understand but wanted to know nonetheless. Because-and wasn't this a shitter-he cared.

After another ring, she growled and pulled away as she looked down at the display. Then slapped her palm to her forehead. The obvious melodrama made Ryker laugh.

"Why don't you let me answer?" he said. "I'll make sure she doesn't call again for at least a day or two."

She hit Ignore on her phone, then stuffed it back in her pocket with a familiar mischievous light twinkling in her eyes. . "I may take you up on that, Master Sargent Nathan Jefferson Ryker."

He snorted at his official title and full legal name. "Someone's been reading my file."

Her smile kicked up with some heat. "Just the public information. I already know the important private details. And now I know you're equally impressive in and out of bed." She adjusted her pack and turned back toward the hill. "Are we going down the same way we came up?"

This was a good sign and gave Ryker a solid plan on settling Rachel's nerves about their physical relationship. Showing her they could work together without issue, flirting without anyone thinking they were hooking up, could be the fastest way to get her back into bed.

He was thinking up the next step to getting closer-like naked-skin-to-skin closer-when his phone rang. He dropped his head back with, "Jesus Christ."

Rachel laughed, the sound light now, pleasing Ryker to ridiculous levels. "It's probably Jax telling us he's here."

As soon as he glanced at the display and saw the long-ass number on the screen, his stomach dropped. Instantly he transferred from a gorgeous country hillside to a dark room, the walls closing in on him. Fresh sweat popped out all over his body, and the breeze made it cold, creating gooseflesh.

Something touched his arm, and he startled.

"Hey." Rachel stood in front of him, her hand still out, touching air where he'd jumped away from her. "Are you okay?"

Rachel's words jerked him out of his mind slide. "Yeah. Sure." He tapped Answer. "Ryker."

His own voice sounded gravelly and breathless, and the second spanning the moment before someone spoke on the other end of the line stretched thin.

"Dude," another man exclaimed. "It's so good to hear your voice."

Chappie. It was Ken Chappie calling from Afghanistan. The sound of the man's voice hit Ryker sideways. "Are you okay? Are the guys..." He couldn't breathe. "Are the guys okay?"

"Yeah, yeah, everyone's fine. It's hot as hell here and, well...you know," his voice dipped with sadness and longing, "nothing's ever really the same after something like that. Once a team is broken up, it's...yeah." He forced his voice up again. "But Ghost and Zero are still at each other the way they always are when you're not around. Dune tries to buffer, but you know those two."

"Yeah," he managed, but relief almost brought him to his knees. Ryker's muscles relaxed, and he leaned on the tripod for balance, closing his eyes. But his heart galloped in his chest, and he couldn't catch his breath. "What's new?"

"Nothing, bro. They build it, we destroy it. They hide it, we find it. Same old shit, different damn day."

Now that immediate fear had dissipated, a spear of longing pierced his chest. His teammates were his family. His best friends. His stability. His sanity.

"Thanks for holding down the fort," he said, then forced a joke-because that was the normal thing to do. "Did you call just to hear my voice?"

"I don't miss you that bad," he scoffed. "I've got good news. Carmello was finally released from Bethesda. He's home in Santa Ynez with Julie and Travis. That's only three hours from LA. Isn't that awesome?"

Ryker's mind started to split-one side telling him he should think that was amazing, the other urging him to go to ground. Michael Carmello was the only one of Ryker's four teammates to come out of patrol that day alive. Once he'd been stabilized, Carmello had been shipped to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Maryland for major surgery.

Ryker's mind filled with the image of Carmello on the medic's stretcher, his limbs piled where they should have been attached to his body, but weren't. And reality fragmented like pixels in a pong game. The same panic he'd experienced that day flooded in, rising slowly, compressing his gut, his chest, his throat. "I thought..." he rasped. "I thought his recovery was going to take, like, a year."

"He's still got a long way to go, but he's done with surgery." Chappie continued with gory details-the use of cadaver cartilage, the movement of Carmello's own muscle and bone, prosthetic preparation, skin graphs... But an incessant ring had picked up in Ryker's ears at the word "surgery" and continued to grow.

Now it was so loud it filled Ryker's head. So loud it knifed Ryker's ears until he heard nothing. Just a hollow, underwater-like garble. Then the garble grew louder and louder as if rising to the surface, and exploded into Ryker's head, as if he'd burst from the water screaming.

"Carmello! Carmello, stay with me. Medics! I need medics!"

"Is it...is it bad?"

"I got you, bro. You're okay. Look at me now."

"Holy fuck. Holy...where's my...where's my arm?"

"Where are the fucking medics? Eyes here, Carmello. Right here. On me. We've got this."

"Ry? I...I can't feel my legs..."

"Dude, don't move. Look. At. Me."

"Oh my God. Oh my..."

"Hold on, Mikey. Medics are coming. I'm right here."

"No. Let me go, man. I'm already dead."

"Shut the fuck up. No shit-talk, Carmello."

"Get out of here, Ry."

"I'm not leaving you. And you're not fucking leaving me, asshole. Medics! I need medics over here!"

"Tell Julie and Travis-"

"Tell them yourself, because you're not dying, Carmello. You hear me? That's a fucking order!"

Ryker shook his head hard, rattling the memory from his brain, clawing for sanity. The blood coating Carmello vanished. The hopelessness in his voice faded. But pain throbbed at the center of Ryker's body and would have taken him to his knees if something hadn't been holding him up.

"Now it's all PT." Chappie's voice seemed gruesomely enthusiastic to Ryker. "And he can do that at the local VA in Santa Barbara. I know he'd like to see you, man. I'll text you his address. And when you see him, tell him a few missing limbs ain't getting him out of that one-on-one he challenged me to before the blast. I'll be up there the first day of my next leave to kick his sorry ass."

"You bet." He pushed words out, hoping Chappie mistook the gravelly sound of his voice for the distant connection. "I'll do that."

"Dune says if you scratch his truck, he'll break your face. And if you mess up his apartment..."

Ryker only caught pieces of the rest of the idle threats before he told Chappie to tell Dune where he could shove them.

Just before he disconnected, Ryker said, "Love you, man. Stay safe."

"Love you, too, Sarg. Get your ass back here soon."

Ryker disconnected and heaved a breath out of his tight lungs. But Chappie's last words reminded Ryker where he was. Which reminded him there was no alcohol nearby to drown the pain. And that he wasn't alone.

He forced his eyes open, but everything was blurry. Instructed his hand to slide his phone back into his pocket, but his arm wouldn't move. And if this tripod slipped, Ryker would end up face-first in the dirt.

"I think we had a sudden heat wave." Rachel's voice sounded decadently sweet to his ears. Ryker didn't even try to make sense of what she said. Just the fact that she was close gave him strength to keep himself from shattering. "Or maybe that climb just caught up with me." The gurgle of water caught his ear, then the shift of her voice as she grew closer. "I'm not feeling so great. I'm hot and nauseous, and you don't look much better, so drink. You've still gotta get us off this hill."

She pried the phone from his hand, not saying anything about the way his fingers clung to it as if it were a life preserver and he'd been lost at sea for seventy-two hours, then replaced it with an uncapped bottle of water.

After she stuffed the phone into his pocket, she reached up and put something cold on the back of his neck. Cold and wet. Water trickled down his back, and relief cleared his mind like a breeze blowing away storm clouds. When he didn't drink on his own, she gently lifted his hand holding the water toward his mouth, releasing it when he took over and tipped the water back, guzzling the entire bottle in one long drink, and wiped the cool, wet rag around his shoulders and down his chest.

In those few moments, Ryker gathered all the memories and most of the pain and shoved them back into the hole they'd crept from at the sound of Chappie's voice. He finished the water, dropped it on the ground, and lowered his head for a moment.

Rachel stood close. Quiet, but strong. She was a doer. A fixer. A mediator. He'd seen it the first day in the trailer. Her relationships with the others screamed nurturer. By the way she'd acted in bed, he knew she was a giver. And by the tortured tone of her voice when she'd talked with her father over the phone, the way she'd been hurt by her sister, Ryker was pretty sure this "no strings" rule she'd put into place was out of protection, not preference.

Which was another reason, he told himself, he should leave her the hell alone.

But then she took that last step in and slipped her body beneath his in a way that urged him to lean on her instead of the tripod. She wrapped one arm around his waist, raised one to his face and stroked his cheek before running her fingers through his hair.

Her body was warm and stable and fit beneath him like the perfect crutch. He let her pull his head down until his forehead pressed against her shoulder. Let her just hold him. Let her just keep scraping her fingers against his scalp until he thought he could fall asleep on his feet with the sweet relief.

"Can we go back?" she asked. "I don't feel good."

"I know what you're doing." His voice was low and rough, filled with the remnants of pain still ripping at his insides. "You don't have to pretend to be sick to save my ego." He slipped his free arm around her waist and pulled her up against him. Heaven. "But thanks for the thought. Give me just a minute, okay?"

She relaxed into his hold, and her body molded to his. Christ, she was like straight sugar directly into his vein. She tugged on his hair, urging him to lift his head, and when he finally met her eyes, the concern there, true and deep and so sincere, reopened the ache inside him, but in a whole different way.

"Are you...okay?" she asked.

He brushed her hair aside, told himself to nod, but his head didn't obey. "That's...highly debatable."

"Do you always tell your guys you love them?"

"Yeah. It's the only unit I've ever done it with. You just never know-" His voice caught.

She searched his eyes so diligently, he would have found it funny in a better frame of mind. He braced himself for the questions he could see she wanted to ask, answers she needed. But she just brought her hand back to his face and murmured, "I wish...I could..." With an exhale, she pressed her lips together and gave an almost imperceptible shake of her head. "Someone told me recently that it's good to talk about stuff. I'm...an okay listener."

"Just okay?"

"Yeah, just okay." The corner of her mouth quivered in an almost smile. "I kinda tend to want to...um...fix things for people."

He huffed a breath that was probably supposed to be a laugh, but he hurt too much to laugh. "You are so fucking beautiful. You know that?"

"No," she said softly, stoically. "I'm very average, and I'm okay with that. You met the really beautiful ones last night. And you'll meet more beautiful ones in a few days." A little smile lifted her lips but didn't make it to her eyes. "And just wait till those speed bunnies see you."

"There is all kinds of beauty," he said. "And some of those women may have flash, but not all guys like flash. And there's a lot more to beauty than what's on the surface." Split-second images of the many gorgeous women he recovered from an Afghan nightclub after a bombing-deformed, maimed, scorched-popped into his head, but he instantly blocked them. "Which is good, because that all goes away eventually. Sometimes even sooner." He lifted her chin, forcing her to meet his eyes. "And I can find bunnies anywhere. But there's only one Rachel Hart."

She slid her fingers across his cheek and slowly, gently, purposely brushed his lips, her gaze following. Then she dragged them open. The movement sparked a memory of their night together. Of her making the same motion as she'd swept her fingers down his face at the most intimate moment, in that blissful aftermath of dual climaxes as they sank back to reality. He'd filled her then, her body warm and wet and still tight around him.

He'd never felt as content with any other woman as he had in that moment. And all that he'd learned about her since only verified she was everything he'd already sensed at soul level. Everything he'd never believed he'd ever find...or even want. And she definitely deserved a better man than his ragged, fucked up ass.

But... He let his gaze drop to her mouth. Let his hand slide that direction, his thumb glide over her lower lip, and realized he didn't just want her anymore, he needed her. He needed her to get his head right, and keep it right until she shipped him back to the guys who needed him most.

Ryker slipped his hand around the back of her head and drew her in. The mere feel of her lips sent a wash of relief through his entire body. She was better than any drug. Better than bottles of vodka. Better than mindless sex with any bar chick.

Everything about her was instantly familiar, yet amplified by his need. The silky feel of her hair, the way her breasts pushed against his chest, the hug of her belly to his erection. Her soft lips gave, and she opened to him, taking his tongue in the same way she parted her legs to take his cock.

He loved the feel of her melted against him, like he was equally hard to resist. Loved the way she wrapped her arms around his neck and made that delicious purr at the back of her throat. Loved the way her tongue stroked his, slowly, like there was nothing she'd rather do than taste him.

Ryker slid one hand down her back, over her hips, and grabbed her ass, pulling her up and in until she straddled his thigh, barely touching the ground. Her back arched, pulling her out of the kiss.

"Nath-"

He kissed her again, before she said what he knew she was going to say-that stupid we-can't mantra. Turned his head and slanted his mouth over hers, taking more, teasing more. Her body was warm and damp and moving against his and...goddamned sonofabitch, he'd never felt anything so good.

Her tongue licked into his mouth, as hungry as his. Her hand fisted his hair, creating a burn along his scalp. The other clung tight to his shoulder, digging in as if she wanted to climb his body, the same way she had the other night.

Ryker's mind went white with pleasure. He couldn't think, couldn't plan, couldn't stop to talk, to reason, or make any deals. He just needed her. And she wanted him. And...yes.

Just...yes.

His hands slid over the damp, warm flesh of her back, and he moaned, teasing her lower lip with the little bite he knew turned her on. He didn't know how his hands found bare skin. Didn't know what he was going to do now that they were there while he and Rachel were in the middle of nowhere, but hell if he cared. He was going to drown in one beautiful moment at a time.

She pulled out of the kiss, her warm eyes hazed with that familiar look of lust that turned Ryker inside out with need. She clung to him, dropped her forehead to his shoulder, and rocked it side to side.

He raked his fingers through her hair, closed his eyes and breathed in the floral scent of her shampoo. An excruciatingly sweet sensation tightened at the center of his chest until it felt as if it were cutting him in half, pushing his mind toward random, foreign thoughts that threatened to drive him insane. Was this what the married guys felt like when they went home to their wives? How did they live without it when they were in Afghanistan? And why did this feeling make him want to dig his heels in and stay instead of scare him into running?

"Nathan..." she said against his shoulder. "This is...just... I can't think rationally when you kiss me. God, we have to stop doing that."

"Baby, I can't seem to think at all unless I am kissing you. We have to do that a lot more." He cupped her face and tilted it up toward his and kissed her again.

His phone rang.

He ignored it.

Rachel pushed away and held him back with a hand at his chest. "Answer," she said, breathless. "It's probably Jax this time."

Ryker growled and jerked the phone from his pocket. This time the screen displayed Jax's name.

"Goddammit." Now he was all revved up with nowhere to go. He dropped his head back and pushed Rachel to arms' length. On the third ring he answered, still breathing hard. "Hey. Caught me in the middle of a climb."

"We're here," Jax said. "How long do you think you'll be?"

Ryker checked to make sure Rachel was steady, then released her arm and looked down at his crotch, scowled back at Rachel, gesturing with a look-what-you-did expression. She twisted her mouth into the cutest little grin that made Ryker's chest feel like a roller coaster, and looked away.

He refocused on the call and planted his hand on his hip. "We? Who's we?"

"I brought as many people as I could grab," Jax said, sounding proud of himself. "A couple of girls to help Rachel get the office together and the supplies put away. I grabbed Charlie from his other job a day early, and snagged a couple of the construction guys you hired too. And we brought a couple more truckloads of supplies. That should at least get you started until the rest get here."

Frustration and disappointment dragged Ryker's shoulders down. Yes, he was glad for the help. Yes, he wanted to get a jump-start on this project. But now he wouldn't even be able to steal some time with Rachel when they got back down the hill.

Maybe tonight, after-

"Oh," Jax said. "And Marx is here too. When you get back, you, me, Charlie, and Marx will drive to the top of the bridge and walk it. Talk logistics."

All the air exited Ryker's lungs. His teeth clenched.

"So how long do you think?" Jax asked again.

"About an hour." He said good-bye, disconnected, stuffed his phone back into his pocket, and reached for Rachel. He gripped her waist and lifted her off the ground.

She gasped in surprise. "Nathan-"

"We need to talk." He shifted his hands down to her ass, and she parted her thighs, wrapping her legs around his hips and positioning his erection perfectly to the heat between her legs.

He carried her to a rock outcropping a few feet away, where he sat and took a little too much time positioning her just right on his...lap. Now, talking was the very last thing on his mind. Especially when she had that lusty look of hunger in her eyes and her fingers fisted in his shirt.

Ryker wrapped one hand under her hair and around the back of her neck. "I'm not going to make a big deal out of this. It's simple. Straightforward. I want you. You want me. If you'll agree to ride this out until the end of the project, I'll agree to keep it secret."

She was looking at him like he was talking Pashto, and he mentally checked his language. Still speaking English.

"When we get down there," he said, "I'll show you just how good I am at treating you like I'm not counting the seconds until I can get you naked again. Like I'm not thinking about tasting every inch of your skin. Like I'm not obsessed with the idea of diving between your legs and staying there for-"

She pressed her hand to his mouth and closed her eyes. "Stop."

He took her face in both hands and dragged her in for a kiss. A long, slow, deep, wet kiss he felt all the way to the pit of his stomach.

He forced himself to break the kiss and look her in the eyes. They were languid and unguarded, the color of warm whiskey. "I'm offering you exactly what you want. No-strings, no-shame, no-limits, no-complications, wicked-good sex. Complete with an agreed-upon end date, a vow of secrecy, and an eight-thousand-mile anti-stalking guarantee when it's over."

Emotions flashed through her eyes, so many and so fast, he wasn't sure he'd figured one out before the next came. But she pushed off his chest and squirmed back on his thighs. Ryker caught her waist and held her there. "This isn't... I can't..." Panic-that was the emotion burning in her eyes now. "I don't know how to do this...this...whatever this is."

"Well, I suggest we both damn well figure it out." He ran a hand over her hair and pressed his lips to her forehead, then stood and set her feet on the ground. "Because I can guarantee we're going to end up in bed together again, Rachel. If we don't work out the logistics first, we'll find ourselves there without any ground rules. And I don't think that will work well for either of us."

13

Rachel's knees stung from the burn of industrial carpet beneath the desk where she plugged in the last computer monitor and tightened the screws.

The ranch was made up of multiple small buildings, all vintage Old West ranch style, but clean and well maintained. This building was positioned closest to the ranch entrance, and the largest room already housed two desks and a filing cabinet, so Rachel had spent the early evening setting it up as the main office.

Since the woman who Rachel had wanted to hire as her assistant couldn't make it in the new, shorter time frame, Jax had grabbed two others from the set to help. Unfortunately, they hadn't turned out to be much help at all. Katie and Kelly Darling weren't exactly darling, but they were curvy, blonde, twin twenty-year-old speed bunnies with a reputation for being up for anything. They were also nice girls and handled the simple office work well enough.

And their big blue eyes had latched on to Ryker the moment he'd entered the office to meet Jax, Charlie, and Josh, and hadn't let go until the guys left to walk the surface of the bridge.

Rachel made the last turn of the screw and rolled to her butt with a sigh. Beneath the desk, she leaned against the side and wrapped her arms around her shins. She glanced at her knees and found them rug-burned and scraped from her day.

"Attractive," she murmured, rubbing the sting.

She laid her head back and closed her eyes, exhausted. Yet, evidently not too exhausted to conjure Nathan's sexy voice saying, "No-strings, no-shame, no-limits, no-complications, wicked-good sex."

And her body screamed, "Yes!"

Then she heard the rest. "Complete with an agreed-upon end date, a vow of secrecy, and an eight-thousand-mile anti-stalking guarantee when it's over."

And her heart...or her conscience...or her soul...or something screamed, "What the hell?"

What kind of person started a relationship with a projected end date picked out? How could she go into anything other than one night hiding it from everyone who mattered to her? And what was it about that eight-thousand-mile anti-stalking guarantee that both relieved her and broke a tiny piece of her heart?

The whole situation went against everything she'd been raised to believe, against the core values her parents had spent almost three decades instilling. Yet, now the very people who'd placed such high value on those ethics for so long simply ignored them when it made their life difficult. Which left Rachel in tangled confusion over the validity of beliefs she'd shaped her life around. And at a loss when it came to incorporating the new ideas she'd developed for her life. Especially since they weren't working out all that well.

And as if she needed one more issue to cloud her mind, she thought back to what she'd dug up on the Army Rangers on the Internet the night after the barbecue at Jax's house.

Rangers are more than just physically strong, Rangers are smart, tough, courageous, and disciplined. Rangers proudly display the qualities that make the 75th Ranger Regiment one of the most recognized and esteemed units in the world.

She'd gone on to read about recent Ranger missions in Afghanistan, riveted to the stories of Rangers being trapped under heavy gunfire, outnumbered by insurgents, maimed, killed. But there were also countless stories of bravery during rescues, village Taliban attacks, bombings.

And a lot of accounts of Rangers killing the enemy.

Nathan had been a Ranger for eight years. Overseas for sixteen. She knew the chances were that he'd killed people.

And the thought swamped her with more emotions than she could handle.

She rubbed at the pain in her temples, whispering, "I'm so screwed up."

The sound of a heavy engine touched Rachel's ears through the open window. The guys were back, and she needed to get off her ass and into the shower. Since they didn't have a cook yet, she'd ordered dinner from the closest restaurant that would deliver.

"Oooo," Katie said from the other room with too much feminine glee in her voice. "They're back."

"Rachel?" Kelly called.

"Yeah." She couldn't bring herself to crawl out.

"You're sure you don't have a thing for Ryker?"

"I already told you," Katie scolded her sister, "Rachel doesn't do Renegades."

Rachel closed her eyes and smiled. She should tell Jax to change the policy wording from "date" to "do."

"I'm just making sure," Kelly snapped back. "Because I don't steal guys."

"Don't start with that again," Katie said, annoyance deepening her voice. "Take a freaking minute to look up threesome in the dictionary, Miss Valedictorian. It's a game played or performed by three people. So how could one person be stolen when all three-"

"There's nothing between me and Ryker." Rachel cut into the sisters' argument to halt images of these two bombshells getting into a threesome with Nathan. "Kelly?" she said, sure she'd heard wrong. "You were valedictorian?"

"Oh my God," Katie started, her voice dripping with an eye-roll, "don't get her started, Rachel."

The truck's engine cut off, car doors slammed, and men's voices filled the air. Excitement saturated their tone, and Rachel smiled at the familiarity. She loved working with men, always had, but really enjoyed the Renegades. They were intelligent, clever, real out-of-the-box thinkers. They were funny and fun loving, living life to the fullest every damned day. She admired that. Thought she'd been doing that too-until Nathan.

Nathan made her realize she'd only been fooling herself into believing she'd been living. She might have stepped outside her family's realm, but she hadn't changed. Not really.

Then she heard Nathan's voice, and the sound of it shivered through her. She couldn't hear his words, just the timbre, the pitch, the tone. And even from here, beneath the desk with her eyes closed, she could hear the difference. He was serious, more subdued. And maybe a little...

"Get your arrogant head out of your ass," Nathan said.

Yeah, pissed.

The building's front door opened, and their voices grew louder.

"I'm arrogant just because I disagree with your methods?" Josh asked, his voice also tight with stress. "That's mature."

"No," Nathan bit back. "You're arrogant because you disagree with my methods for the sake of disagreement, not for any sound reason."

"Safety is a sound reason."

"Just because my plan also happens to be the most cost effective doesn't mean it's not the safest too."

Rachel dropped her forehead against her knees. "Oh God."

"Okay, okay," Jax cut in, his smooth voice a welcome contrast. "Let's drop it for now. We'll all be in a better mood once we eat."

She needed to get up and get in the shower. And she was thinking about it. She really was. But her body just didn't want to move. She couldn't remember the last time she'd been so tired.

Katie's and Kelly's voices joined the men's, all sugary and congenial. No one would guess they'd just been bitching at each other over a threesome gone wrong.

Wait. Could a threesome go wrong?

She shook her head. Whatever. All her frustration and worry was moot. Katie and Kelly would easily distract Nathan. He'd be secretly thanking God she hadn't taken him up on his offer when he heard they were interested.

Footsteps sounded hollow on the old floors, and Rachel tensed out of her exhausted fog. She straightened her legs, and pain shot through her knees.

Josh crouched in the desk's opening, one hand on the desktop, frowning at her in concern. "Are you okay? What are you doing under here?"

"Plugging in a monitor." She tried to roll to the side and get to her knees again to gain her feet. "Ow...ow, ow, ow..."

"Easy," he said, grasping her forearms and helping her out from under the desk. "I'm sure you're an awesome little scout, but you can't expect to just go out one day and hike a ten-mile incline."

"I figured that out all on my own, thanks." She pulled out of his hold, and he let her go. He'd been better about the touching and pet names since she'd had another talk with him after the pool party, but he sure as shit wasn't backing off.

More footsteps stopped in the doorway. Rachel looked up and found Nathan, both hands pressed to either side of the frame and filling the space.

His gaze held on her an intense second, and she realized that even though Josh didn't have his hands on her, Ryker still noticed how close they stood.

His expression visibly shifted into something lighter, more...cavalier...was the only way she could describe it. He scanned her scraped legs with a grimace and made a sucking sound through his teeth. "Long pants would have taken the brunt of all that on the hike. You shoulda listened to me."

Rachel narrowed her eyes. The only comments he'd made on her shorts were about the great view they'd given him. Katie and Kelly stepped up to the door, flanking him, their physical gifts well displayed in short skirts and tank tops. And they looked up at him with those big blue eyes, each sliding a hand around one of his arms.

Nathan looked at one, then the other. He tsked, lowered his arms around their shoulders, and smiled. "I bet you girls can take direction well, can't you?"

"Yes, sir," they said at the same time, in fucking stereo, grinning at him as if they'd already secured his bed for the night.

Rachel's stomach compressed into a ball of lava.

She had no idea whether this was his attempt at showing her how well he could ignore her in the company of others or not. If it was, he was damn convincing. If it wasn't...

Just as well.

Ryker chuckled and sauntered out of the room wrapped up with the girls. When he reached the door, he extricated himself from Katie and Kelly, glanced at Jax and Charlie where they'd dropped into side chairs in the other room, and said, "I'm hitting the shower. Be back in ten."

When the door shut, Katie and Kelly were grinning like kids with a secret chocolate stash. And Rachel felt sick to her stomach.

"Rach," Jax called from the living room. "You should do the same. What time is the food coming?"

She grabbed Josh's wrist and looked at his watch. "It'll be here in twenty minutes." She passed into the other room. "I lost track of time," she told Jax. "The dining room is all set. Just round everyone up, and I'll be back soon."

Rachel stepped out into the cool night air and closed the door behind her. The brisk darkness and supreme quiet of the property seemed to wash away some of the fatigue, and she breathed easier. But only until the sound of running water pulled her gaze to a single light in the bunkhouse near the back fence, closest to the trail leading up to the bridge-Nathan's room. And Nathan's shower.

She paused there in the middle of the gravel drive, with the sound of crickets filling her head. But Troy's warnings to her that morning drowned out the soothing sound.

"He's in a bad place-emotionally, mentally. He's broken-on the inside. He's hurting in a place that can't always be healed. The Army is his life. It's all he knows, and it's what he loves. It's as much the air he breathes as Renegades is mine. Without it, he would spiral into self-destruction.

"Here's the truth about you, Rachel. You may not be interested in serious, but you care."

While Troy might understand how she cared about everyone, he didn't know caring was a true Achilles' heel. And by disclosing the depth of Nathan's damage, Troy had only added another magnetic field to the man for Rachel. Because, as she'd told Nathan, she liked to fix problems, heal wounds, restore happiness. Which was why this situation with Nicole and her parents was a thorn in her side. And why Nathan had, ironically, been the worst possible person for her to hook up with.

The water in his shower shut off, pulling Rachel back to the present, and she crossed the main drive and continued to her cabin.

In a confused, exhausted daze, she moved through the motions of showering, washing her hair, and moisturizing her skin in the only individual residence on the property, a tiny two-room guesthouse she'd tried to assign to Nathan, only to be overruled by Jax.

With a slight second wind, she stood in front of the three-drawer pine dresser with the top drawer open, trying to decide what to wear. Which was ridiculous. No matter what she put on or how she wore her hair or makeup, she'd never compare to the sexpot Darling twins.

"Not all guys like flash." Nathan's words floated into her head. "And there's a lot more to beauty than what's on the surface."

She lifted her gaze and scanned her naked reflection in the mirror atop the dresser. Her fingers floated over a red mark Nathan had left on her breast, and her nipple instantly puckered.

This was a once-in-a-lifetime chance. In a few weeks, he'd be gone, and the chances of ever seeing him again were slim. The chances of getting this opportunity with him, even if she did see him again, infinitesimal.

"I can find bunnies anywhere, but there's only one Rachel Hart."

Tonight she was going to see if he was a man of his word, or if he used words to his benefit, like the men in her past, because those bunnies would have their magic ramped up to full power and aimed directly at Nathan.

If he had been sincere, she might have to seriously reevaluate her belief system, because there was also only one Nathan Ryker. And only one window of opportunity Rachel would ever get to take him up on this offer. A window that was quickly closing.

Ryker couldn't say he felt better after the shower, just cleaner. He was still tense, pissed off, horny, hard, and frustrated. The night air felt good on his skin, and he needed the extra chill to keep his temperature down when he saw the light on in Rachel's cabin. He also needed all his focus to keep his feet headed toward the dining room.

The windows lit up the night, and even from yards away, Ryker could see everyone was there milling around the tables but himself and Rachel-one more reason to get his ass in there. If he and Rachel were going to be MIA at the same time, he wanted to maximize those times for premium sexual exploits.

Wishful thinking. But he was holding on to it.

He joined the group, falling into the food line behind Charlie. The man's employment application showed him as fifty-eight, but he'd lived hard and looked closer to sixty-eight with leather-like skin, a gray head of hair, and a logger's beard to match. Still in pretty good shape, if not excellent health from decades of smoking, the retired Marine was one hell of a smart guy. Someone Ryker would learn a lot from.

"If you can set up the explosive lockers tomorrow first thing," Ryker told Charlie, "it will free me up to work on the action-sequence plan with Rachel."

"Sure thing," Charlie said, piling his plate with pizza and grabbing a soda from the cooler. He carried his food toward the end of the table, where Jax and Marx already sat, the roll of bridge plans sitting at the center.

Kelly and Katie came up behind him, picking at salad and chattering about a party they'd been invited to the following week. Something swank and Hollywood.

Ryker picked up another breadstick and dropped it on his plate. He was hungry, but all the stress was making him edgy. One of the twins-he didn't know which one; they really did look identical-slid her hand through his arm and leaned close. Her very full breasts pressed against his biceps, and the heavy scent of perfume grew even heavier.

They were alone at the table now, Ryker and the twins, everyone else seated. And the woman took the opportunity to pour heat from those huge blue eyes. "Kelly and I are up for a private party tonight, army boy," she purred, squeezing his biceps. "We'll show you a real good time."

His gaze darted to Kelly, standing right behind her sister, her gaze equally seductive as she raised her brows in a what-about-it? expression.

He picked up a brownie with chocolate frosting and glanced over his shoulder, toward the door. "Have you ladies seen Rachel?"

"Ryker," Kelly crooned, lowering her voice and leaning in to her sister. "What do you say you skip the brownies? Katie and I will give you plenty of sugar tonight."

A week ago, the offer would have been a bull's-eye for Ryker. Now, the proposition of a threesome with Hollywood twins made his mind jump to Rachel, not the nearest hotel. Also made him realize he wanted Rachel a hundred times more than he wanted both Katie and Kelly, together.

"Ryker...?"

"That's an amazing offer, ladies"-he met their eyes-"but it's not going to work for me. I'm sorta...into someone right now."

"It's not Rachel, is it?" Kelly said from behind her sister, a sudden frown of utter disbelief on her face. "Because she doesn't do Renegades, and, don't get me wrong, I like Rachel and all, but I don't see her as enough woman to satisfy you...if you know what I mean."

Oh, he knew what she meant, but thinking back to his night with Rachel, Ryker knew Kelly couldn't have been more wrong, because he'd never felt more satisfied.

"No, honey, it's not Rachel."

He turned away from the women and started toward the open seat beside Charlie, then looked at Marx. "Jamestown Bridge in Rhode Island, 2006."

"Huh?" Charlie asked.

"The example Josh wanted," Jax told him. "Of a real-life bridge taken down in the same way Ryker wants to take out this one."

Marx picked up his second piece of pizza. "That bridge didn't have any cracks in the foundation pillars. It didn't have a smaller blast happening prior to the main blast, which could weaken the structure. And it didn't have the weight of filming crew and equipment. It also wasn't taken down piece by piece, but blown in one blast."

The front door opened behind him. It had to be Rachel. She was the only one missing. But he held Marx's gaze. "None of that matters. The crack I found would only threaten the stability of the bridge in an earthquake. And the amount of RDX I plan on using to blow chunks out of the asphalt in the first blast are so small they won't touch the structural integrity of the road or the bridge. You're creating problems where there are none."

"That's my job to imagine all the worst-case scenarios and assess the risk that could possibly occur."

"But we also know"-Rachel's voice drew his gaze as she walked toward their table-"that there's a difference between worst-case scenarios and impossible scenarios."

Ryker had one of those crazy "chorus of angels" moments he'd never believed in. But time slowed, and all his attention homed on her.

Something was different. Like firecracker different. She looked gorgeous, as usual, in a casual blue print dress, the fabric flowy and draping along the luscious curves of her body. The uneven hem hitting her high thigh and the tiny straps exposed her shoulders and chest. And his body flashed hot.

She came directly to the end of the table, her gaze direct on Ryker's. Her creamy skin was pinked from the day's sun, and her hair was still damp from her shower, spilling crazily over her shoulders in loose waves and making Ryker think about feeling it sliding over his stomach, his thighs, threaded through his fingers, fisted in his hands.

Fire blasted through his groin, and the sexual ache in his gut deepened into pain.

Rachel stopped at Charlie's chair, placed her hand on the back, and leaned into it, her other hand on her cocked hip, but her gaze held on Ryker's, as if she were trying to read him. She darted a look toward the twins, her gaze roving over each of them slowly.

His mind flashed with the sight of the room from outside in the dark night, suddenly sure Rachel had seen the twins coming on to him, and only hoped she understood the game he played with them was for everyone else's benefit.

Marx whistled low through his teeth, drawing Rachel's gaze.

"Rach..." His eyes ate her up, and a whole different type of frustration added knots along Ryker's nerves. "You look amazing."

"Thank you," she said, meeting his gaze directly. "I only caught the end of that conversation, but I could swear I heard you toying with the laws of statistics." Her mouth turned, but the grin was sly. "Did you need me to calculate the statistics of an earthquake occurring during the short duration of this project at a magnitude required to actually cause risk to life or property? Because you know how I love to play with numbers. And you know how I also love to bring down the overhead for Renegades. So, seeing as a calculation like that would do both, I'd be all over it."

"Well, now that you've pointed out the unlikelihood of that event," he said, his smile edgy, "I can see it wouldn't be worth your time."

She gave him a nod of approval and glanced toward the table, where the food had been laid out. "Now that I've had a shower, I'm suddenly feeling the length of the day. I'm going to grab some food, mix myself a drink, and take them back to my room."

"Rach," Jax said. "We're going to finalize the action sequence when we're done eating. I know Ryker's going to need your help putting that together."

She scooped salad onto a paper plate, added two slices of pizza, and two brownies.

"He's a great note taker." She licked brownie crumbs off her fingers and shot him a halfhearted grin. "And he's also fond of telling me just how to do things, so I'm sure he'll relay the details you finalize. But right now, I'm burned to a crisp, and I still have to make final edits to the SOP to satisfy Josh's OCD."

Jax darted a look at Ryker. He was frowning at Rachel, trying to read this...odd...mood, and Jax's expression mirrored Ryker's.

"Are you okay, Rach?" Jax asked.

"Sure." She peeked into a cardboard box stuffed into the corner. "There it is." She set her plate on the table and pulled two bottles of liquor out of the box. "Why didn't anyone break out the booze? Am I the only one who needs a drink around here?"

She turned a plastic cup over and poured in clear liquid. Ryker glanced at the label and saw the image of an orange. Vodka. Mandarin. The memory of the taste of orange on her tongue that night flooded him with lust. The amount of alcohol she added to the cup in comparison to the amount of soda confirmed she was serious about the drink. And Ryker's mind was already filling with her tipsy smile, her giggle, the loose, soft feel of her eager mouth.

"I could use one." He stood and met her at the table. "Got whiskey in there?"

"Absolutely." Her eyes darted to the side, barely meeting his through her lashes. "I made sure to pick up some Firestone too. It's in the kitchen."

"Beer?" Ray, one of the other construction workers, called from the table. "Did I hear Firestone?"

"Kitchen," Ryker told him. "Next building to the right."

"Sweet." Ray pushed his chair back and exited.

Ryker poured whiskey into a cup as Rachel cut a lime in half and squeezed it into her drink. With one swirl of the liquid, she tipped the drink back and took two big swallows.

"Whoa, sugar," he murmured under his breath, his cock growing hard at the sight. "Remember what that did to you last time you chugged."

She lowered the cup and sighed, eyes closed. "Can't seem to forget." Before he could interpret or reply, she offered him the other half of the lime for his drink and lifted one corner of her lips in a pathetic attempt at a smile. "Enjoy your night."

"Wait..." he murmured, but she'd already turned and started toward the door.

"See everyone tomorrow," she called, turning and pushing out the door with her shoulder. "Call if anyone needs anything."

Disappointment tugged at Ryker's gut. He turned back to his drink, crushed the lime into the amber liquid, and drained the cup, then refilled.

14

"Love you, Mom," Rachel said, leaning her head back against the wooden rocking chair in the cabin's tiny living room-slash-kitchen. "I promise I'll come home when this job is finished."

Her mother didn't like it, but she agreed, and Rachel disconnected. She set her cell on a side table, tucked one foot beneath her, lifted her other foot to the seat of the rocking chair, and wrapped her arms around her leg. With her chin on her knee, she rocked gently in the dark cabin, listening to the quiet night sounds through the open window. The night air was crisp and clean and so incredibly soothing.

Only Rachel wasn't relaxed. She was restless waiting for Nathan to come out of the dining room. She'd convinced herself he'd be walking with a blonde on each arm. Almost convinced herself she was ready to see it, even though when she'd headed to dinner tonight, she'd been building the guts to go after him. Then she'd seen Katie hanging on him through the lighted windows, and knew the twins had made their interest in him clear.

The dining room's screen door squeaked open, and voices floated out, then it closed with a rough, wooden slam, making Rachel flinch. But Ray and Brad, two of the construction workers, stepped out and chatted their way toward the cabin they were sharing about two hundred yards behind Rachel's little house. As soon as they disappeared inside, the night went quiet again.

She continued to rock, taking her thumbnail between her teeth. She really should be editing the SOP. In fact, she should be listening to them talk about the action plan so she could help Nathan write it tomorrow. They didn't have much time to get it together and past the city and the insurance company, not to mention Josh, before they needed to get the blasting underway.

Josh. Man, she'd never thought he'd rub her wrong, but the way he acted with Nathan...

The screen door groaned again, and Rachel's gaze focused on the dining room. Nathan stepped out, and just as Rachel had suspected, he had an arm around the shoulders of each twin. Her lungs froze. Her heart dropped. They were giggling, both holding him around the middle, their hands roaming, making Rachel's own hands fist.

"He's been doing it with a different woman every night for the last month in New Orleans."

Troy's words burned down the center of her chest. She knew Nathan was a player. Had known from their phone call before she'd ever met him. And just because he still wanted Rachel didn't mean he'd stopped wanting other women. He'd never alluded to exclusivity. She'd just attached her own preconceived value judgment.

The threesome steered toward the cabin the twins were sharing at the end of a long row, out of Rachel's sight, but she stared at the corner of the building where she'd lost visibility of them for a long time, trying to get her mind around the next couple of weeks working with him, knowing he'd fucked those two upside down and sideways.

She shook her head and looked down at her hands wringing each other, then suddenly relaxed. And accepted the reality. Yes, this was what hookups were all about-the freedom to change partners at a whim. No commitments. No worries. No hurt feelings. No lies. No secrets.

Rachel took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Her eyes were damp, but she didn't let tears accumulate. This was good. Another life lesson. She had quite a few coming, considering she'd lived so little of life up to this point.

She gripped the arms of the rocker and stood, holding on until she stopped wavering. She really had loaded up that drink with quite a bit of vodka. Fortunately, that made her a little bit numb. Unfortunately, it also made her a lot horny.

"Ryker."

The male voice calling Nathan's name made Rachel stop on her way to the bedroom and look out the window again. Nathan stood at the edge of her view, hands in his pockets, head down, walking in the direction of his cabin, but stopped and turned when he heard his name.

"I'm tired, Marx. Whatever you want to talk about can wait until tomorrow." Nathan sounded more than tired. He sounded discouraged and blue.

"It can if you want me to bring this up in front of other people." Josh sauntered into Rachel's view, and a sick feeling sank in her gut.

She stepped up to the window and curled her fingers around the frame.

"What now?" Nathan asked, pulling his hands from his pockets to plant them at his hips.

"Kandahar," Josh said.

Nathan's shoulders inched higher.

"Tell me about that," Josh pushed.

Nathan closed the distance between them. He leaned in until they were nose to nose. "It's none of your fucking business."

His voice was low, measured, filled with warning and pain. Pain that reached into Rachel's chest and squeezed until she found it hard to breathe.

"It is if it compromises safety," Josh said.

Nathan eased back and crossed his arms but said nothing.

"That was a very bad incident," Josh said.

"Just how the fuck do you know about anything?"

"Contacts."

"Your contacts are worth shit."

"Actually," he said, "my contacts are extremely reliable."

"Then you don't need me to tell you about it."

"I'd like to hear your side. Hear how you believe it wasn't your fault. Because I can't figure that out from the information I got."

Nathan lunged for Josh and grabbed the other man's shirt. The movement was so fast, Rachel didn't see anything but a blur between the second Nathan dropped his arms and the moment he had Josh nearly pulled off his feet by the shirt.

"It wasn't my fault." He thrust Josh back so far, Rachel had to move to the edge of the window and put her face to the screen to see where he'd landed. "And I sure as shit don't have to prove that to you."

Josh sauntered back into view, hands down at his sides. "Then why'd your CO force you to take a leave?"

"Because I haven't been back to the States in two years."

"Sure it wasn't because you aren't mentally stable enough to stay out on the line?"

"Shut your mouth before you can't talk anymore, Marx."

"Sure it wasn't because your PTSD was out of control?"

Rachel sucked a breath and held it.

Nathan took another menacing step forward, but Josh sidestepped and kept his hands ready in a way that reminded Rachel of Keaton, the Renegades' martial arts expert.

"What happened to you out there, man?" Josh asked, his tone more disrespectful than compassionate. "Had to be hella bad to get your CO to fly your sorry ass back to the States from halfway around the world."

"Either you fire me or you shut your fucking mouth," Nathan warned, fists clenching, body tilted forward, ready for a fight. "And if you say anything to anyone, you will see a slander lawsuit that will strip you of your fancy posh life. A life my work overseas helps make possible."

"Don't give me that patriotic bullshit," Josh bit back. "If you cost a life here, you're no good to us anywhere-in the US or Afghanistan or Iraq or fucking Timbuktu. And that is my business. If you don't tell me, someone else will."

Josh turned and walked back toward the dining room.

Nathan stood there a long minute, unmoving. Rachel ached to go to him, to wrap her arms around him and explain that Josh really was looking out for Renegades and the staff and the actors. But he wouldn't understand. And his pride would surely be crushed if he knew she'd witnessed the argument.

Finally, Nathan raked both hands through his hair, then jerking his fists down to his sides with a sound of supreme anger as he turned toward his room. But his gaze paused on Rachel's cabin. Could he see her? Fuck, he'd be so pissed...

But he only continued to turn and stalked to his own room, flipping on the light and slamming the door so hard Rachel jumped.

Her heart beat hard; her breaths came fast. She'd promised herself that if he'd returned to his room alone, she'd make the jump. She'd throw caution to the wind and go to him. Offer herself. Because she wasn't even sure how to seduce a man anymore. Now she wondered if she ever had.

But...he was so angry...

And, hell, what if he slammed the door in her face...

"Then I could say I tried," she murmured, the answer surprising her own ears.

Before she could change her mind, she slipped off her panties, pushed into her boots, and walked out of her cabin.

The night wrapped around her, dark, quiet, and chilly. The cool air on her sex was exhilarating yet uncomfortable in its unfamiliarity, and by the time she'd reached his door, she had twenty reasons not to knock and just as many butterflies banging against her ribs.

Rachel licked her lips, shifted on her feet, rubbing her thighs together to ease the tingle between her legs, to ease the ache higher, and tried to formulate some stupid cover in case something in his face clearly told her he didn't want her there.

But she could have stood there all night before she thought up anything decent, so she raised her hand and knocked twice, then stepped away and clasped her arms behind her back. She heard nothing for a few long moments and gazed down at the cement porch, wondering if she should knock again. She rested one boot tip on the porch and scraped her lower lip between her teeth, glancing over her shoulder.

The door swung open so forcefully, she gasped and turned, dropping her arms. "Oh..."

His scowl instantly turned to confusion. "Rach-" Then he looked behind her, took a step toward the door, rested a hand on the frame, and glanced down the dirt walkway.

"Josh isn't with me, if that's who you're looking for."

His shoulders relaxed, and he eased into that sexy stance she loved. He was barefoot, his button-down untucked and undone down the front, showing three inches of bronzed bare chest, and the two black-rubber lined, sexy silver tags hanging there.

"Is...everything okay?" His voice was rough, his mouth tense, the skin around his eyes tight. He didn't step away and invite her in. Didn't even look excited to see her.

With bees buzzing in her belly, Rachel licked her lips and glanced through the opening between his body and the doorframe, where a simple full-size bed sat at the center of the room. Folded sheets were piled on the edge, the same as they had been in her own bedroom, since the housekeeping staff wouldn't arrive until the following afternoon.

"Yes," she said, her breath coming out in a rush. "I was about to ask you the same thing." Since he wasn't going to invite her in, she slipped through the narrow space, her back scraping the doorframe.

"Rachel," he said, his voice low and filled with warning. "I'm not in a patient mood. Which means this isn't the best place for you to be...looking like that...wearing those boots."

Relief spurted in her chest, followed by hope. Those emotions gave her the moxie that had vanished three times over tonight. She strolled to his bed and picked up the sheets, then set them on the small dresser. Picking up the fitted bottom sheet, she shook it out.

"I'm just checking that you have everything you need," she said.

She turned her back to him and bit her lip for courage before she lifted her arms overhead to shake the sheet loose and let it float to the mattress. Her dress cleared her naked ass cheeks as soon as her arms were shoulder high, and cool air swept over her bottom, her thighs, her sex. Then the hem of her dress slowly hid her body from view again as she lowered her arms when the sheet touched the mattress.

"Since the housekeeper doesn't start until tomorrow morning," she said, talking to keep her nerves under control, "I'll just make this for you real quick."

At one corner, she bent enough for her dress to lift over the curve of her cheeks as she secured the elastic band around the mattress. Nathan was so utterly silent, she darted a sidelong look as she moved to the upper corner of the bed.

His mouth was open, his gaze dark and dazed on her body, as if he'd been shocked stupid.

A little thrill of accomplishment, of power, gave Rachel the confidence to continue. She leaned farther over this corner, working to get the sheet over the mattress, and her dress rode higher. "I'm sure you're tired."

His deep exhalation made giddiness bounce in her throat. She had to just go for it. All or nothing.

She cast one quick look to make sure he was still watching before she lifted one knee to the mattress, then the other. "Don't worry, I'll keep my boots off the sheet." She lowered to her palms and slowly started crawling across the mattress, her ass and her sex completely exposed. She had to close her eyes against the confusing sense of both excitement and shame, and thanked God she wasn't looking at him or she'd never have been able to do it. "These last couple corners are always the hardest, you know?"

"Mother of God," he rasped, creating a spurt of joy through her body. Knowing his eyes were on her pussy, watching her move, made her ridiculously wet and horny.

She tugged the one corner into place, then started for the last, without any freaking idea what she'd do if he didn't make a move by the time she had the sheet on.

His hand closed around her calf above the top of her boot, and she gasped just before he yanked. Her knees came out from under her, and she landed on her belly with a surprised screech, which continued as he dragged her to the end of the bed.

By the time he'd flipped her over, her dress was crumpled up around her breasts, her body on full, naked display. With his hand still tight on one calf, his gaze poured heat over her body once more before he met her eyes. And the look there punched her gut with lust.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" he asked, his voice rusty and dangerous.

She lifted on her elbows, then pushed up on her hands. "Um..." She tried a tentative smile. "I really don't know much about, you know, seduction, but...it's all I could think of at the last minute."

After his hungry gaze touched every inch of her bare skin, it returned to hers. His other hand gripped the opposite calf, and his jaw muscle jumped with tension. With a sudden jerk, he pulled her to the edge of the bed, parting her thighs and pulling her legs around him.

"Are you playing by the rules we talked about earlier?"

Her gaze ran over his body. She wanted him so bad, she hurt. Her pussy throbbed to feel his cock inside her. Her breasts ached for his mouth. Every inch of her body felt like a mess of electrical wires with live current arcing through but nowhere to go. "Yes."

She pushed up to a sitting position, wrapped her legs tight around his thighs, curled her fingers into the waistband of his pants, and kissed his navel. Nathan's skin quivered beneath her lips, and he growled at the same time that one of his hands drove into her hair and pulled her head back. The pressure along her scalp pinched, and she winced for a second as she looked up at him.

Then his hand relaxed. "Tell me what you want."

"I want...to try it." She forced herself to be honest, which required vulnerability. "I still think you're too much for me. And I think your sexual needs will quickly overwhelm me."

She closed her eyes and licked her lips, and when she opened her eyes again, so much emotion swirled in Nathan's gaze, it reached into her heart. This was intimate. She didn't care what label he put on it to make himself feel better, but she was baring herself to him in a way she'd never done with any man in her past. And the mere act of him hearing her and accepting her, as is, flaws and insecurities and all, was one of the most generous acts she could ever remember a man showing her.

"But I want you," she continued, "tortured trying to stay away from you when you're right here. And I know you're only in my life for a very short time." She pulled in a breath. "I don't want to hurt anyone, interfere in anyone's life, but I don't want to regret not experiencing you when I had the chance either."

The look that passed through his eyes was troubled. Deeply painful. And gut-wrenchingly raw.

She'd hurt him. She didn't know how, but she'd hurt him. And regret slammed her chest like a brick. Emotion stuttered into her lungs on a breath. "I'm sorry-"

His head swept down, and his mouth took hers in a vicious kiss. Rough, fierce, borderline painful as he pulled her head back by her hair, stroking his tongue into her mouth like he was lapping up his salvation. His lips pressed and sucked at hers. His teeth bit and tugged.

Rachel turned her head, forcefully breaking the kiss. "Nathan-"

His teeth moved down her neck, lips sucked at her collarbone. Then he dropped to his knees, the sound thudding through the small space. He gripped her thighs, lifted her legs, and hooked the heels of her boots on the footboard, then forced her thighs wide and pulled her hips toward him at the same time.

"Nathan-" His mouth covered her sex in an open, erotic tongue-stroking kiss. "Ah God!"

Rachel dug her fingers into his hands, her body shocked by the intense pleasure. His mouth was as rough and hungry as it had been on her mouth, and she couldn't hold still, couldn't stay quiet. His mouth covered her, his tongue stroking and plunging, his lips sucking. He seemed to have no boundaries, no place he wouldn't lick her, no time limit on pleasuring her.

The approaching orgasm flooded fast. Too fast. She wasn't ready. She needed more. Needed slow. Needed to feel his body close. Needed...

"Oh fuck. Fuck. Nathan...wait...please..."

Too late. The pleasure rose in a mammoth wave and broke hard, so intense she screamed. But Nathan's hand was over her mouth, muffling the sound, his mouth still on her pussy, pushing, pushing, pushing for more. Her body obeyed, her hips lifting off the bed, her pussy against his mouth until another orgasm gripped her in hard convulsions, bowing and flexing her muscles, twisting her body, arching her back.

Ryker watched Rachel's hair fall across her face with every toss of her head. The way she pushed her pussy into his mouth was the hottest, most erotic thing she'd done with him-and she'd done her share. But having her let go enough, trust enough, to use him to go after what she wanted showed she was ready for a level of sexual freedom even she wasn't aware of yet.

Her thigh muscles quivered as she came down from her second climax, and Ryker licked her pussy again and again, drowning in her tangy, musky taste, floating in her wildly erotic scent. Her flat belly rose and fell quickly with ragged breaths, and she threw her forearm across her eyes as her thighs gave and fell open.

Ryker smiled. This was beautiful. Spent and unguarded. Trusting and comfortable. Oh, what he wanted to do with her. But he remembered her reservations about his sexual needs and decided not to push too fast. They still had a couple of weeks, after all. Plenty of time to explore. It wasn't like he wanted to turn her into a dominatrix or a slave or anything. Just expose her to a small, slightly more erotic slice of sex. He kissed his way down her inner thigh, scraping his rough cheek along the sensitive skin, then up the other.

Her fingers sank into his hair and tugged. "Come here," she whispered, her voice heavy with satisfaction. "I want to give you the same pleasure."

Blood flooded his cock to painful levels. He lifted his head, gripped her waist, and moved her up on the bed, then crawled over her on hands and knees and couldn't help himself when he dove in to kiss her. Her mouth was soft and open and hot. She gave back to every kiss, every stroke of his tongue, every suckle of his lips, every moan while her hands worked his pants open and down his hips, then inside to pull him free.

Electric fire tore across his cock, poured through his balls. Ryker broke the kiss and sucked air, pressing his forehead to her shoulder. "Want you..." he rasped. "So bad..."

"Let me taste you," she whispered in his ear. "Let me suck you and lick you and touch you and stroke you-"

"Ah fuck..." He rocked his head side to side while pulling his cock through her palms and thrusting back into them. "I love hearing you tell me what you're gonna do to me, what you want me to do to you... Love hearing dirty words come out of your sweet mouth."

He'd heard the words used countless times by countless women in the same way, but Rachel's words cut through him with an erotic edge so sharp he trembled.

He moved farther up, gripping the headboard for stability and straddling her shoulders. Dropping his head to watch her hands work his cock, slip between his balls. Watch her take the head of his cock between her lips, eyes fluttering closed with an expression of pleasure on her beautiful face while titillating the space behind his sac with feather-light fingers.

"God, yes," he groaned, urging his hips forward slowly, trying to control the strength and depth of his thrust so he didn't give her too much, too fast. But the sight of him sliding between those plump lips and pulling out wet and glistening made him shake with restraint. "Do you have..." Her tongue flicked against the sensitive underside of his cock, then circled the explosive ridge. Sensation added pressure. Pressure pushing him higher. Ryker gritted his teeth around a moan and fought to enjoy the process instead of strive for the finish line. "...Any idea, how fucking erotic...it is to watch you...suck me like this?"

Her lashes lifted, slowly revealing lush, drenched chocolate eyes that met his with such desire, such pleasure, he realized she loved this. And that only made it better. Only made it sexier as she held his gaze and explored his cock, taking him deep, sliding her lips down the length of one side, her tongue over the other, circling the tip.

He released the headboard with one hand and combed his fingers through her hair, stroking her face, moving lower between his legs and cupping her breast.

Her eyelids grew heavy, and her back arched, pushing her breast into his hand. He remembered how sensitive her breasts had been that first night together, and he teased her nipple between his thumb and finger. Her moan of pleasure rippled through Ryker's cock.

"You like that, don't you?"

She wriggled beneath him, leaned her head back, bit her lip. "It's..." Her hand covered his forearm, her fingers digging in. "Maddening. It feels like...your hand is between my legs."

He gently massaged her breast, ending with a pinch of her nipple, and she whimpered, her brow creased with a pained look of pleasure. A jolt of lust snapped his balls and nearly took him over the edge-way too soon.

He couldn't wait. He needed her.

Reaching back, he pulled a condom from his pocket, ripping it open with his teeth, while Rachel used her feet to push his pants from his hips down his legs. He kicked them off and sat back on his heels, placing the condom over his tip.

Rachel's hands shoved his away. "Let me."

She used her fingers to pull the condom over his cock, then held out her hand. "Lube."

Ryker's mouth kicked up on one side. He pulled the other small packet from his pocket, opened it, and squeezed the slick gel into her palm. But he saved some for himself too, and while Rachel stroked the cool liquid over his cock, massaging the condom into a second skin, Ryker slipped his hand behind him and between her legs.

He found her pussy warm and soft and swollen as he smoothed the lube over her folds. Rachel's eyes closed on a moan, and her hips lifted into him.

Once they were both slick, Ryker leaned down to kiss her, got his knees beneath him, and gathered her in his arms. Sitting back, he pulled her close and spread her thighs across his lap. He met her eyes and held her gaze as he sank into her, inch by incredible inch, until his balls were pressed to her body and she groaned with pleasure that made her eyes roll back.

In position now, he gripped her waist, digging his fingers into her flesh to hold back from the urge to drive into her, a rhythmic thrust to orgasm. He balanced her by the waist and rose up on his knees to push deep, her own body weight making her slide down on his shaft.

"Oh God..." Her head dropped back.

He took one tight nipple into his mouth and laved as eased back to his heels, pulling from her body until only his tip remained seated. Then tightened one hand at her waist and used his thighs and ass to drive upward, closing his fingers on her nipple at the same time.

Her fingers dug into his shoulders, lips parted on sounds of pleasure. He repeated the stroke, focused on slow, full, deep movement. Satisfied only if he pulled a sexually thrilled sound from her on every thrust, using every trick he knew to achieve that goal.

They were both damp with sweat when he slid his hand from her breast, down her belly, and lay back. She looked down at him with pink cheeks and ripe lips and eyes drunk with lust. Ryker slid his hands up her thighs, thumbs to the flesh surrounding her clit, and massaged.

"Oh Jesus," she breathed.

He stilled his hands, and she opened her eyes. "Don't stop."

"That's up to you." He held the pressure, and said, "Ride me, girl. Take what you want."

She used her knees to lift, dragging him from her heat, then rocked her hips back down. The movement added pressure to her clit, the kind that had driven her insane and rocked her world the other night.

"That's it," he said, watching her hips move. Watching the pleasure build on her face. "Sit up." He said. "Hands off my chest."

She straightened, driving him deeper.

"Better." He circled his thumbs slowly, and she bit her lower lip, her brows creased. "Now ride me like you own me. I want a show, beautiful."

She moved rhythmically, lifting to pull him out, rocking to drive him in. Her thigh and ab muscles flexed with each move. She drew her hands up her body, past her breasts and tight nipples, her eyes heavy as she watched him watch her. As her excitement grew, her hips moved faster, harder, deeper. Her head fell back on a moan, and she lifted her hands to her hair, drawing it up and gathering it behind her head, giving Ryker the most amazing view of her body, of her pussy taking his shaft, of his hands touching her.

"Christ you're gorgeous."

She moaned, the sound achy, begging. Her hips rocked harder, and Ryker gritted his teeth to hold back the orgasm coiling tighter and tighter at the base of his spine, rising up his cock.

"Come for me, Rachel."

He squeezed her ass and lifted to meet her. Her head dropped back, she arched and gripped his knees behind her. His pleasure built longer and wider and hotter. Built and grew until it backed up in his chest. Until it closed his throat.

Ryker thrust and thrust and thrust. Barely holding on. "Come for me, dammit. Come for me."

He rolled her to her back, fisted her hair and kissed her, slowly, but his hips bucked fast and his cock drove deep. Rachel's thighs tightened around his waist, heels pressed into his spine, fingers dug into his back.

"Rach..." he rasped, thrust and squeezed and pumped her for an orgasm before he lost control.

"Ah..." she cried out, her pitch climbing until it cut off completely, her pussy clamping down on him in a series of convulsions.

He covered her mouth with his, then let the orgasm come. When it crested, the sensations flooded every cell, washing him with a sense of complete satisfaction and sweet connection. He broke the kiss and pressed his face to her neck, teeth gritted around his growl of release.

That was the best sex she'd ever had. Even better than their first night. Different from their first night. Deeper than their first night.

Nathan stroked his hands down her sides, pushed up on his elbows, and looked at her with those heavy-lidded stormy sea-green eyes. His dog tags hung down, resting against her own chest, smooth, heavy feel of them, made her smile. His mouth quirked too, then he lowered his lips meet hers in a tender kiss. One that pushed tears toward her throat, though she didn't know why.

He dropped a kiss on her cheek, her jaw, her neck, her chest. Then he laid his forehead there, his breathing still fast and choppy. Rachel closed her eyes and let the strands of his hair slip through her fingers over and over. She could stay like this all night.

But once his breath evened out, Nathan carefully pulled from her body and rolled to his back. A soft, awe-filled, "Jesus Christ," drifted from him, making Rachel smile.

She turned to her side and rested her head on his shoulder. He curved his arms around her and threw one of his legs over hers, as if he couldn't get close enough. She smiled. "I would never have guessed you for a cuddler."

He rolled toward her, laid his forearm over her waist, and pressed his face to her neck, kissing her there, then whispered, "I didn't used to be."

With another quick kiss, he said, "Don't move. I'll be right back."

He got to his feet and strode to the tiny bathroom. Rachel smiled at the sight of his tight ass and those sexy tattoos. This was still surreal. And so...illicit. So deliciously secret. So...selfishly decadent.

But as long as no one found out, as long as no one got hurt...

The water ran in the bathroom, then shut off, and he returned, lying on the bed beside her, cuddling her close again. He tangled their legs and rested his chin on the top of her head. They were both quiet while his fingers stroked a light pattern on her back. She had to leave soon, they both knew that, but neither of them moved or spoke. And this felt far more intimate than it had just days ago.

After a moment, she asked, "Why didn't you take the twins up on their offer?"

He pulled back and met her eyes. "I didn't want them."

Rachel laughed a little, her hand scratching gently down his thigh. "Of course you did. They're every man's fantasy-a threesome with two beautiful twin blondes?"

"They aren't half as beautiful as you are, and I mean that. Besides"-the corner of Ryker's mouth tilted up, but there was little humor in his expression-"been there, done that, different twins, of course, and you brought me more pleasure just now than two women could. Why would I try for a repeat of mediocre when I've got a real winner right here?"

She narrowed her eyes and pressed the backs of her fingers to his forehead.

"Stop." He brushed her hand away. "The only fever I've got is the one you give me." He threaded their fingers and leaned in. "You don't give yourself enough credit."

His mouth lowered to hers, but their lips never connected. He sat straight, his gaze darting to the door.

Rachel looked that direction. "What...?"

He put his index finger to his lips and jumped to his feet so quickly, so silently, Rachel missed the movement in a blink. He pulled on his pants and grabbed her dress from the bed.

Three hard knocks came on the door. Rachel jumped and almost screamed, but covered her mouth.

"Ryker? You in there?" It was Jax's voice. Fear bolted down Rachel's spine. Her mind started a tight downward spiral.

Ryker, made a 'get-going' motion with his hand and mouthed get dressed.

"Yeah, man, what's up?" Ryker called.

"Do you know where Rachel is?" That was Josh's voice.

Tendrils of icy fear spread through Rachel's belly, and hands shook as she struggled to find the hem of her dress to pull it on. Jax and Josh both looking for her while she'd been fucking Nathan. Jesus Christ, disaster didn't get any closer than this.

"No, dude, sorry," Ryker said. "Haven't seen her since dinner. Why?"

She pulled the dress over her head, and Ryker held the straps so she could put her arms in.

"I need to go over some budget issues before I head back," Jax said. "And Josh has some questions about the rough SOP she gave him earlier. She's not in her cabin, and we can't find her anywhere. I'm a little worried."

"Let me put some pants on," Ryker said. "I'll be right there."

He gripped her arms, leaned down, and pressed his cheek to hers. "I'll get rid of them long enough for you to slip out," he whispered. "As soon as we're out of sight, get that sweet little ass of yours back to your cabin and make up a plausible excuse for being gone by the time we come back around."

"Nathan-"

He kissed her, then pulled back and met her eyes seriously. "Everything's fine. They'll never know."

He grabbed his shirt from the floor and headed toward the door. He flipped off the light before exiting and closing the door behind him. "She said something earlier about taking a walk, but I can probably answer your questions about the SOP while we look for her."

Rachel's heart thudded so hard in her ears, their footsteps vanished instantly. She tiptoed to the window, where she peeked between the blinds, her heart thudding painfully in her chest. Ryker shrugged into his shirt as the three of them stopped by Rachel's cabin and knocked on her door before continuing on. When they turned out of the row of bunkhouses, Rachel inched open Ryker's door and darted back across the road and up the row to her cabin.

Even once she'd gotten inside, unseen, her heart wouldn't slow. Her mind wouldn't stop spinning. Her conscience wouldn't stop berating itself. This was the kind of thing Nicole did-things behind people's backs. Nicole was the one who took risks with other people's futures and other people's feelings, and Rachel had always hated her for that. But here she was, risking friendships and livelihoods and futures for her own pleasure.

She went into the bedroom and yanked a sweater from the dresser, dragging it on just as she heard Nathan's and Jax's voices nearing again.

She turned on the living room light and took a deep breath just as Josh said, "Her light's on."

Footsteps neared, and a knock sounded on her door.

She opened it feeling like an idiot pretending to be surprised. "Hey, guys. What's up?"

"Where were you?" Jax asked. "We've been looking for you."

"I'm sorry, I went for a walk and forgot my phone. What do you need?"

Jax repeated what he'd told Ryker earlier.

"Sure." She closed the door to her cabin. "Let's go over to the office. I've got everything on my computer."

"Safe drive home," Nathan told Jax, standing back, hands stuffed into his front pockets, expression grim. "Thanks." Jax shook Ryker's hand. "See you soon."

Rachel pulled her sweater across her body and forced herself not to look back at him again as she, Jax, and Josh started toward the office, but her insides churned with guilt and conflict. All when she'd been so blissful with him just moments ago.

15

She was avoiding him.

Ryker stabbed at a piece of pancake as Marx rambled on about some more goddamned rules Ryker wasn't going to follow anyway, so he'd tuned the jackass out as soon as he'd sat at the table. But the cook who'd shown up that morning was already shutting down the kitchen, and Rachel hadn't come in for breakfast.

The incident last night had spooked her as badly as he'd feared. He'd tried to tell himself all damn night that she'd be fine by morning. That this wasn't a setback.

"So, we'll go up and mark and drill this morning for the RDX," Marx was saying.

Ryker didn't even bother to look at the ass. He kept staring at the door, willing her to walk through. Or, better yet, willing this developing hole in his chest to close up. "No. We're rigging the catwalk and the safety lines today. If that goes well, then we'll drill."

"I want to be here when you-"

"Then you'll have to stay on site twenty-four-seven, Marx." Ryker finally turned his gaze on the man. "Because I'm not working around your stupid-ass three days a week. I don't need an insurance man babysitting me, and the steel disks I'm using in the holes to keep the RDX from blowing out the bottom of the road and damaging the integrity of the structure aren't here yet. Remember? Safety first? Rachel or I will have the whole action plan to you by the end of the day."

Ryker pushed his chair back and glanced at the three others sitting with them. "Ray and Brad, haul the ropes up top. Charlie, grab the carabineers, harnesses, hardhats, and tools. I'll meet you guys at the south end of the bridge at oh-eight-thirty."

"Why are you starting at the south end?" Marx asked, ready to throw another wrench into Ryker's life.

"Check the weather before you ask stupid questions," he said. "And stay the hell out of my way today if you don't want to go over the side, Marx."

After dumping his tray, Ryker stepped outside the dining hall and watched delivery trucks back into the loading dock. Six more employees had come on this morning, and most of those were unloading, stocking, and taking inventory of the new supplies, then delivering them to different areas of the site.

He could see how quickly this place would become a hive of activity. Which was even better for hiding a covert affair. But somehow, he doubted Rachel would see it that way. And the fact that he knew what she'd say before he even walked into the office seriously irked him.

At the door, he heard familiar voices and rolled his eyes. Great. He wouldn't even be able to get her alone for a decent two-minute conversation. He stepped in to find Katie and Kelly on their way out.

"Oh, look who's here," One of them said as they both stopped in front of him and gave him their full attention. "Did you miss us last night?"

"Being into someone who's not around," the other twin said, "isn't going to keep you warm at night, handsome."

The first one put a hand on his arm as she passed by. "You know where to find us if you change your mind."

He waited until they were gone to wander into the office. Rachel stood at the printer, head bent over a sheaf of papers. She wore ink-black jeans that hugged her gorgeous legs and rode low on her hips. The pockets were jeweled, drawing his gaze to her ass, as if he needed any help there. Her blouse was a sheer pattern of cobalt and violet with a thin-strapped halter beneath. She'd wound her hair into a loose bun, and dark tendrils lay against her slender neck.

An uncomfortable feeling stirred deep inside him. One that made him clench his teeth. It had been nagging at him for a few days but now seemed to settle in the pit of his stomach like a stone that wouldn't go away. Sometimes it felt like anger. Sometimes pain. Sometimes loss. But when it came to Rachel, he often thought it felt more like want. One with the potential to become something fierce if Ryker looked too closely.

He walked into her office and stopped a few feet past the door. "Hey."

She turned and glanced his way, but her gaze didn't stay on him longer than a second before it darted away. "Hey."

Her face was drawn, and her eyes were red. Alarm tightened his shoulders. "Are you okay?"

She moved behind one of the two desks, set the paper down, and cleared her throat. But she still didn't answer.

He moved to the front of her desk. "Rachel?"

She licked her lips. Cleared her throat. "No. I'm...not okay. I'm...actually...pretty fucked up, to tell you the truth."

Fear tingled across his neck. He wanted to walk around the desk and pull her into his arms but knew that would totally freak her out. So he pulled his hands from his pockets, and pressed his fingertips to the desktop. "Baby, talk to me."

Her gaze was a mixture of torture and distance. He knew instantly she was going to push him away, and tensed.

"I...want you," she said. "More than I've wanted anyone in so long.. But taking what I want at the expense of others isn't... It just isn't who I am. And almost having the two most influential men in my professional life right now find out we'd been together last night..." She pressed a hand to her forehead, and the distress in her expression tore at him. "That would be absolutely...traumatic. Not only to my life, but to yours. And the crew's. And...we've already talked about this." She dropped her hand from her brow. "And it's not like I even have a good reason for doing it. It's not like we've got any plans to take this beyond next week. It's not like this is...you know..."

His heart hardened. "Important?"

"Don't trivialize this, Nathan." Anger flared in her words. "You may screw around like this all the time, but this is a big deal for me."

"You think me wanting to be with you is trivial?"

"That's...that's not what I said."

He should just let it go. Walk away. But that damn pull in his chest wouldn't let him. "Rachel," he said, forcing his voice soft, "we can end the whole problem by just coming clean. Just bringing it out in the open."

"It?" she asked, eyes narrowed. "What exactly would 'it' be? The fact that we're fucking?" She crossed her arms. "No, thanks. I'd rather not have my sexual business open to my boss's and coworkers' scrutiny."

He pushed off the desk and straightened. "Now who's trivializing?"

The outer office door opened, and Rachel's nervous gaze darted that direction. Fresh frustration burned beneath his skin. Never a moment alone.

"Good morning." Marx's voice was the last thing Ryker needed to hear right now. "Do you have that SOP for me?"

"Yes." She picked up the stack of papers she'd been looking at when Ryker walked in and handed it to Marx without her typical enthusiasm. He must have noticed, because he cast a suspicious glance between her and Ryker. "I'll finish up the action plan with Ryker's changes today, then have him finalize it. I should have it for you later."

"You always come through on everything important," Marx said, skimming the SOP.

Ryker felt an ice pick dig into his chest. He dropped his arms and met Rachel's guilty gaze steadily. "Now there's something we can both agree on, Marx. And, lucky for you, her priorities seem to be set in stone."

At two p.m. Ryker pulled the work truck into a spot near the storage lot and climbed from the cab. He was sweaty, dirty, and hungry, but his mind was absorbed with Rachel, and his gaze scoured the office looking for some sign of her. The blinds were closed against the afternoon sun, which was just as well. What the hell did they have to talk about anymore anyway?

He rounded the truck and met Charlie beside a stack of boxes and pallets of supplies delivered that morning while they'd been on the bridge. "Did they come?"

Charlie squinted at a clipboard beneath the shadow of a hardhat brim, a pencil skimming the packing-order list. He shook his head. "Doesn't look like it."

Ryker wiped dirt and sweat from his face with a quick swipe of his hand. "Fuck."

Charlie lowered the clipboard and searched through the boxes again. "I'll look again, then I'll call the company and rip them a new asshole."

Ryker pulled off his own helmet and tossed it into the back of his truck. They'd rigged the catwalk and safety lines quickly that morning, so they'd moved on to drilling for the explosives as well. But he was stuck now until the steel shims came in. Then they could start stuffing holes with RDX, add timers, and blast.

"I'm going to see if Rachel finished the action plan," he said. "See if it got past Marx."

"Joy," Charlie said, his voice dry. "If I find the shims I'll let you know."

On the walk to Rachel's office, Ryker mentally prepared himself for her indifference. Visualized himself seeing her and feeling blank instead of needy.

And happy.

No. Women didn't make him happy. Women excited. Women entertained. Women satisfied. Women did not make him happy.

As he pushed through the front door to Rachel's office, Ryker reminded himself that he should be glad that Rachel was falling into that pattern too, because she certainly wasn't making him happy now.

Voices floated from the larger space. He passed through the small front area and found Katie and Kelly in the office behind the desks. One had her feet up on the desktop, ankles crossed, a magazine in her lap. The other had her feet up on the desktop, her ankles crossed, a nail file in her hand.

"Oh, thank you God," the one with the nail file said. "Finally, a little eye candy."

Ryker wasn't in the mood for their flirty games. "Where's Rachel?"

The one with the magazine glanced up, then back, and flipped a page. "She and Josh went into town."

"Town?" The nearest "town" was over half an hour away. "For what?"

"Probably for a quickie in one the hotels," one of the twins said, followed by a giggle.

"Oooo," the other one said, "there's some brain candy for my afternoon."

Ryker fisted his hands. "Ladies."

They both looked up and read his frustrated expression. The one with the nail file shrugged. "She said something about-"

"Grabbing lunch," the other one said, returning her gaze to the magazine, "and picking up supplies."

So, she could go somewhere alone with Marx but didn't dare associate with Ryker.

"Oh," one of the women said, "she left this for you in case you came in."

Ryker turned back and found the twin working on her nails taping the file against a stack of papers at the edge of Rachel's desk. He stepped forward and picked it up, reading the title. It was the action-sequence plan. And at the top, a red stamp of APPROVED with Marx's initials glaring up at Ryker.

Maybe she was out giving Marx a bonus for that approval.

The idea flitted out of his mind as quickly as it flitted in. He didn't believe that.

At least...he didn't think he did.

But either way, it didn't matter.

"Thanks." He started to turn.

"Oh," the other woman said. "She also said to tell you a handful of the contractors came in. They're filling out HR paperwork in the dining room."

"Okay." He carried the plan back to the stockyard.

"Sorry, man," Charlie said when Ryker approached. "They're not here. Company fucked up and didn't put them in the order. They're overnighting them and eating the shipping cost. They'll be here by ten thirty tomorrow morning."

"Shit." Ryker smacked the papers on the side of the truck bed.

"What's that?" Charlie asked.

Ryker's cell chimed, and he pushed the action plan into Charlie's hand and pulled his phone from his pocket, hoping for a message from Rachel. Something like, "I'm sorry I overreacted this morning. Let's get together tonight."

Instead it was a simple message from Chappie with Carmello's home address.

Darkness fell over Ryker like a heavy blanket. Obligation added a lead lining.

"This is good news," Charlie said. "We might not be able to rig the bridge for the finale yet, but we can get the shaped charges cut, the ignitions wired and taped. The C4 cut, slap on the blasting caps."

"And you've got a lot of help for that," Ryker said, pushing his phone back into his pocket. "Another half dozen of the guys are here."

"Perfect. Where?"

"Dining room with paperwork."

Charlie nodded. "I've got this. Take the afternoon. Grab a shower and a nap. Get out of here for a few hours while you can."

Ryker squinted out over the rolling green hills, his gut squeezing like a fist. "Do you know how far Santa Ynez is from here?"

"About an hour or so south. Cute town." Charlie turned his attention back to the action plan and pulled out a pen from his vest pocket to scribble notes. "Enjoy yourself, boss."

Ryker certainly wasn't enjoying himself as he sat in his truck in front of Carmello's little bungalow-style home on a quiet street in Santa Ynez.

He wasn't exactly sure what he'd expected, but the setting was a lot cheerier than he'd ever imagined-for Carmello, for the situation, or maybe just for Ryker's own state of mind. The house's exterior was covered in pale yellow shingles, the window and door casings crisp white, the roof light-gray composite tile. The yard had a small, neatly mowed lawn and bright flowerbeds all around the foundation.

Ryker would have been sure he had the wrong house, but an American flag flew proudly outside the front door, and yellow ribbon had been wound around the metal banisters leading up the front steps, tied off in bows. In the front windows, a child's drawings of tanks, soldiers, and more American flags decorated the glass.

Ryker's knee bounced as he stared at the bright green lawn. His hands clenched around the steering wheel while his mind catalogued everything Mike's wife, Julie, had to handle now that Mike couldn't-mowing the lawn, fixing the house, dishes, cleaning, laundry, driving, playing with their son...

"Let me go. I'm already dead."

Ryker shuddered, and a chill spread through his body from the center out.

"Fuck." Ryker lowered his head into his hand and rubbed at the sting in his eyes. He saw Carmello as he had in those last moments, before the medics had thrown him on a stretcher and raced him to a waiting jeep-a bloody torso with a head and one arm. Hardly a man.

"Let me go. I'm already dead."

The lump in his throat swelled, and Ryker pried his gaze away from the house. He looked at the keys hanging in the ignition, wanting so badly to turn the engine over and head back to the set. Make up an excuse to Chappie for not coming.

But he couldn't. He was Carmello's CO. It was his duty.

And Carmello was one of his best friends. At least he had been before Ryker saved his life. He didn't know how his buddy would feel toward him now, after Ryker's actions had brought Carmello back to his family as half a man.

When he pushed the truck's door open, his arm felt leaden. Once on his feet, his legs felt stiff. By the time he reached the sidewalk, his stomach was boiling in acid, and when he'd finally made it to the front door, he was drenched in sweat.

As he stood on the porch, Ryker's head swam. He gripped both sides of the doorframe for balance.

He had to get this over with.

He lifted his hand and knocked, then prayed no one was home.

But he hadn't even finished the prayer when a young voice yelled, "I got it!"

The front door swung open. A boy stood there, his face almost as familiar as Carmello's after seeing endless pictures of the kid. The gap in the kid's front teeth made it all so real. So damn tragic. Ryker forced a smile. "Looks like you lost another tooth there, buddy."

"Who are you?"

Ryker cleared his throat and glanced past the boy. The house was small and clean, the hardwood floors polished, the paint fresh. "I'm a friend of your dad's." His voice still sounded rough. "You're Travis, right?"

The boy tilted his head, and the look he gave Ryker reminded him so much of Carmello, Ryker's throat closed again. "How'd you know?"

"Your dad told me. Is he home?"

"Yeah." With the lightheartedness of a kid, he turned and ran down the hall, yelling, "Daaaaaaaad, someone's here for you."

Unease kicked back to life. Should he walk in? Should he stay there? Would Carmello even be able to move?

"Boy, where do you think you're goin'?" Carmello's voice filled with distinctive attitude sliced a ripple of shocked uncertainty down Ryker's chest. It was strong and clear. So...normal. "Get your butt back here." A wheelchair darted between doorways at the end of the hall, just a flash of silverbefore Ryker could focus, then Carmello's voice bellowed again: "And treat whoever is at the door like a guest."

"But, Dad," Travis whined, "I'm on level five. I just need two more coins-"

"I'll kick your hiney back to subzero if you don't get back to that front door and apologize for running off."

So many emotions crowded inside Ryker at once, he felt as if he were caving in-relief, grief, gratitude, anger, fear, joy, surprise-a big tangled mess drawing everything to the surface.

He hadn't gotten a handle on it before Travis turned out of a room in the distance and ran back down the hall and toward the door again. But Ryker's gaze held on the man following-Carmello, pushing himself along in a small wheelchair with one arm. He wore gray gym shorts and an army-green tee with the words GO ARMY across the front. The white bandages covering the stumps of his other three limbs seemed obscenely bright.

"Sorry, Mister." Travis's apology barely reached Ryker through the ringing in his ears.

"What in the hell...?" Carmello's voice brought Ryker's gaze into focus again. His buddy was smiling-that huge, all-teeth smile. The infectious one that put sparkles in his dark eyes. "Ryker? Are you standing on my fuckin' porch? Or is this some crazy-ass flashback?"

He cleared his throat, but when he opened his mouth to speak, he couldn't. Emotions he'd thought he'd found a place for rose up and flooded his chest. His eyes stung. His lungs burned.

Ryker lowered his face into one hand and leaned into the jamb on a whispered curse.

"Travis," Carmello said, voice low and serious, the voice Ryker had heard so many times in the field. "Get Segeant Ryker a glass of water."

The boy's feet thudded away on the hardwood, and Ryker exhaled. The breath came out as a laugh, but his knees gave, and he sagged against the wood.

Carmello grabbed Ryker's arm, guided his hand to the cold metal of the wheelchair, then clasped his own over top. "Dude," he said in that same low voice, "in case you hadn't noticed, I can't haul your sorry ass off the ground no more. The best I can do is to drag you to the carpet by the hair after you drop. I wouldn't advise it."

Ryker laughed, but his eyes were already wet, and he couldn't do anything about the tears squeezing out onto his face. He wiped at them before he dropped his hand. "Can I...I don't know...hug you or something?"

Carmello released his hand and lifted his arm in invitation. His concern vanished, and joy filled his face again. "You'd better."

Still using the chair for support, Ryker leaned down and hugged the man. Tears kept pouring out of him, more than he'd known he possessed. But Carmello just kept his arm, his only arm, wrapped tight around Ryker's shoulders, his hand fisted in Ryker's shirt.

"Missed you, man," Carmello said, voice thick.

"Yeah. Me too."

"Here's your water, sir."

Ryker straightened at the sound of Travis's voice, rubbed his eyes on his forearm, and took the glass. "Thanks, buddy."

"You're welcome." He turned to Carmello. "Can I play my game now?"

"Yeah," he said, grinning, love filling his face. "Go."

Travis scuttled down the hall.

"Let's get your ass in a chair." Carmello breezed past Ryker in the chair, his single arm still bulging with muscle as he pushed the wheel. "You're makin' me nervous."

Ryker exhaled, downed the water, and wiped the wetness from his face before following Carmello into a small living room and dropped onto a leather sofa. He set the glass down on the table, clasped his hands, and looked up at Carmello again.

"Fuck," he said. "You look great."

Carmello's grin returned. "You oughta (?) see me with the fancy prosthetics they're making for me at Bethesda. I'm like the six-fucking-million-dollar man."

Ryker laughed, and another wave of damn tears rushed forward. He closed his eyes and pressed his fingers to the sting. When he finally looked at Carmello again, his friend's expression had turned serious. And concerned.

"What are you doing in the states, Ry?"

Ryker shook his head. "Fucking Barker..." He dropped his gaze to the softly patterned cream carpet covering the hardwood. "Said he wouldn't accept my reupping papers until I took a two-month leave Stateside."

"He knows you," Carmello said. "What kind of support are you getting?"

"Jesus, don't you start." Ryker sat back. "Barker doesn't know shit.

Carmello's lids lowered. "How's that denial working for you, buddy?"

"Great, as a matter of fact. Thanks for asking." He sat forward. "Dude, I'm not here to talk about me, I want to know how you're doing. How you're healing. Tell me about these new gadgets you're getting."

"How often do you have nightmares?"

Ryker frowned at him. Shrugged. "They're no big-"

"Every night? More than once a night?"

He exhaled and scratched his head. This was the last thing he wanted to talk about, yet it was all he wanted to talk about. No one would understand better than Carmello, yet he was the last person who should be hearing how his own tragedy had affected Ryker.

"Mike," he said, "I appreciate your concern, but-"

"That bad," he said, eyes narrowed, voice soft. "I knew it. I knew this would be slowly killing you."

"What are you talking about?"

Mike leaned forward in the chair, his dark eyes solid and stern on Ryker's. "This. Is. Not. Your. Fault."

Ryker's mouth opened, but nothing came out. In his mind, he saw that damned goat dart into the middle of the road. Over and over and over, it played in his head. "I should have killed it." The words scraped out of his throat in a voice he didn't recognize. "I...hesitated. I..."

"I could have killed it too," Mike said. "The others could have killed it too-"

"I didn't give the order."

"Fuck orders," Carmello said. "When's the last time any of us listened to you anyway?"

Ryker dropped back on the sofa again. He wanted to turn back time. Step out on the front porch again and start over. Stay upbeat. Keep the focus on Mike. "How the hell did we get here? Tell me the good stuff, man. Tell me about Travis and Julie. Tell me about being home, all the great food, great beer, great weather."

"I'll tell you about the good stuff, Ry," Mike said. "I get to see my kid every day. I get to do his homework with him, build Lego battleships, watch movies. I even play basketball with him. When those prosthetics come through, I'll be able to do everything every other dad gets to do with their kid. And I get to wake up to Julie every morning. I get to kiss her good night every night. I get to whisper to her in the dark, laugh with her every day, and, yeah, eventually, I'll even be able to make love with her again. All because you saved my life, Ry."

"I don't know..." He shook his head, the whole incident still unreal. "I still don't know how you survived."

"They told me the explosions cauterized my vessels enough to staunch the flow until you got the tourniquets on. If you hadn't been so fast, so efficient, I'd be dead."

This was too much to absorb. Ryker was overwhelmed by his positivity. His hope. His optimism. His lack of anger, bitterness, hate. "How...how can you... How did you get here?"

Mike exhaled, gave Ryker that matter-of-fact look, and said, "Therapy, Ry. Don't act like a stereotypical dumb shit. Find someone to talk to. Someone who can help you sort things out in your head. I only have one or two nightmares a month now. How many do you have?"

"I don't count."

"Thirty, right. One every night?"

Ryker sighed.

"Are you seeing anyone? A woman?" Mike asked.

He frowned at the sudden change of topic and lifted a shoulder. "You know me."

"I do. And that's another thing you'll want to think about changing. Knowing I had Julie and Travis to live for-that's what kept me going. That's what kept me alive. That's what I live for now. Without them, I would have eaten my gun a long time ago."

Ryker's chest felt brittle, like his ribs were going to crack from the internal pressure.

"That bullshit they tell you at every psych eval," Mike went on, "about guys with a girlfriend or a wife at home coping better, healing faster, suffering lower PTSD episodes, than those who don't-it's not bullshit, Ry. It's not only true, it's what makes life worth living."

Ryker clasped his hands between his knees and stared at the floor.

"I'm badgering you," Mike said, "because I love you. You know that."

"I know." Ryker nodded. "You know I love you too."

"I do. How long are you in town?"

"I'm not in town exactly. I'm helping a buddy on a project a little over an hour north. I report back on the twenty-third."

Mike rolled his chair to the coffee table, picked up a business card, and extended his arm, offering the card to Ryker. "That's my shrink, but you'd never know he's a shrink. Talking with him is like getting a dose of my dad's wisdom. Promise me you'll think about calling him."

Ryker nodded, suddenly exhausted-emotionally and physically. "I promise I'll think about it." He slid the card into his pocket. "Chappie said he's coming up her on his first day back and whooping your ass at basketball. Better get your lazy ass on the court for some practice."

"In his dreams," Carmello said, sitting back again. "I can whoop his ass just like this, in the chair with one arm, but with my prosthetics, he'll need a fuckin' army to beat me."

"Mikey," a female voice said from the foyer as heels clicked on the hardwood. "How many times do I have to tell you not to swear? I'm starting to think you're doing it on purpose just to get another spanking."

Carmello's laugh was deep and rich, one that warmed Ryker in a very cold place. "Come here, baby. I want you to meet someone."

Ryker stood, running his hands down the thighs of his pants, nervous again.

Her voice went distant a moment as she moved into another room, then came toward them. "If you keep making friends like this, I'm gonna have to put you to work. Our barbecue bills have gotten way out of hand."

The woman who stepped into the living room was tall, brunette, and pretty. She was dressed in a navy suit with navy heels and a cream blouse.

She held her hand out to Ryker. "Hi, I'm Julie."

He took her hand tentatively, giving her room to pull out of the grasp when she found out who he was. "I'm-"

"This is Ryker, Jules," Carmello said.

Her smile fell. Her big green eyes darted down to meet her husband's gaze. He nodded. Ryker pulled his hand back, already working up his good-bye even though he wanted to stay and hang with Carmello. It would be too painful for Mike's family to have the memory of the incident-

"Oh..." she breathed, emotion rushing her face, and tears filling her eyes. "Oh...wow. I never thought I'd get a chance to meet you." She shifted on her feet, and Ryker pushed his hands into his back pockets, wishing he could melt into the floor. "I...I...wasn't prepared..."

"Uh-oh," Carmello said, "here come the waterworks. Jules, he's a guy. Don't make it a big deal."

"It is a big deal," she snapped back, making tears flood over her lashes. "They don't come any bigger than this."

"Look, I'm really sorry," Ryker said, stepping back. "I didn't mean to upset you. I just wanted to see how-"

"Upset me? You didn't upset me," she said with an attitude matching Mike's. "You...you're... God..."

And she lunged toward him, wrapping her arms around his neck, and held him so tight he had to turn his head to breathe. Ryker pulled his hands from his pockets, not sure what to do with them. He cut a look at Carmello, who was grinning like an idiot.

"Thank you," she whispered through tears with another squeeze of his neck. "Thank you for bringing Mike back to us."

16

Rachel slid her pen down the line items on the latest building supply invoice and her finger down the packing slip for the delivered items. Her vision blurred again, and this time, blinking didn't make it better.

She closed her eyes and pressed her fingers to her lids, rubbing at the fatigue. A nap sounded like heaven, but she didn't have the time. Josh had dragged out the supposed quick visit in town, trying to make it into a freaking date or something. Thank goodness he'd left to check on another site this afternoon. But he'd be back soon. She knew that three days a week would turn into five. Or more.

She'd been backed up on work ever since she'd returned. New employees, the cook, the housekeeper, bookkeeping... She'd been running all over the site since she'd returned and just recently sat down to start on paperwork, only to have her vision blur.

Of course, no sleep last night hadn't helped. Or the way she kept thinking about Nathan today.

"Stupid men," she muttered, picking up with the list where she'd left off.

Within three lines, her gaze blurred again.

She exhaled and slapped her pen on the desk. "Forget it. I need to wake up."

She left the office and walked toward her room, her gaze searching for signs of Nathan-something she'd caught herself doing all day. But his truck was still gone from the lot, and Charlie had told her he'd gone to visit a friend in Santa Ynez.

The days were still long, and everyone else had drifted off the job, returning to their bunks after dinner or joining the pickup game of basketball on the makeshift court behind the stockyard.

In her room, she changed into running clothes and pulled her hair into a ponytail, looking forward to the release of all the stress that had built up since last night. She grabbed a bottle of water from the pack by her door and stepped out of the cabin, determined to return only after she was drenched in sweat and her mind was empty. She walked toward a path that wound through the mountains before returning to camp, but before she reached the trail, Nathan's truck turned onto the property and up the main drive toward the lot and Rachel.

Her heart skipped. Her stomach squeezed. She swore under her breath and kept walking. His drove up next to her and slowed, leaning over and rolling down the window on the passenger's door. "Hey. Going for a run?"

"Yes."

They came to a crossroads where Rachel needed to turn left, but Nathan's truck was in the way, and he slowed to a stop, blocking her path. She finally met his gaze, and just as she knew they would, those gray-green eyes pierced her chest and wound around her lungs.

"You read my mind." He put the truck in park and shut down the engine. "I was just thinking a run would feel good." He stood from the cab and rounded the bed. "Want company?"

"No, I want peace."

She turned away and felt his hand on her back. Just a light touch. "Hey, come on." His voice was overly congenial, surly trying to smooth the rough patch they'd had that morning. "I can be ready in three minutes."

She gritted her teeth and turned back to him, doing her best to pretend he didn't affect her. "Nathan, really. We don't need to make this harder than-"

"Rachel." He grinned, held his hands out. "It's just a run."

Okay, maybe she was holding on to something that he'd already let go of. Conflict always rolled off a guy's back faster than a woman's. She certainly didn't want to make a problem where there wasn't one. "Three minutes. Then I leave."

He jogged to his cabin, and Rachel used his truck to stretch her calves and hamstrings, wishing she had the guts to be a bitch and just tell him no. Her life would be so much easier if she were.

Or if she weren't so attracted to him.

Or if she hadn't noticed a new lightness in his eyes. In his voice.

Or if he weren't so damned adorable when he was trying to be...well, adorable.

When he returned, he stopped three feet away and rested an arm on the truck bed. "It's a gorgeous night for a run on the beach."

"No. Josh already completely messed up my schedule with that trip into town that took way longer than it should have. I'm behind on everything." She started toward the trailhead.

Nathan fell into step beside her, then cut in front of her with a playful spark in his eyes. One she hadn't seen since that first night together. "It's going to be a beautiful sunset over the ocean. I won't get many more chances to see those."

She crossed her arms. "That is so cheap."

He twisted his mouth, half smile, half smirk. "Cheap but true."

There was something different about him. Something...looser. Easier. More open. And it only made her want to find out why.

"It's only a fifteen-minute drive," he said with the flash of his flirty smile-something else she hadn't seen since the bar. And it still hit her chest dead center.

She exhaled heavily. "There, run, back. Period."

"You got it." He beamed, and Rachel's stomach floated.

He started the drive quiet, tuning the radio to one of the only stations that came in, a contemporary country station, and relaxing into the soothing drive on the sparsely populated two-lane highway through the rolling green hills toward the ocean.

"What did you think of San Luis?" he asked, naming the town she'd visited with Josh. And if he knew she'd gone there, he knew who she'd gone with. Rachel's stomach muscles tightened in preparation for an argument, and she second-guessed her decision to put herself in a situation where they could argue freely.

"It's really cute," she said. "Have you been there?"

"I stopped on my way back from Santa Ynez. There are a lot of nice towns along this part of the coast."

When he didn't bring up Josh, she relaxed into the seat, soaking in his smile, those warm green-gray eyes, the stubble on his chin. There was something about knowing he would be gone soon, knowing she wouldn't see him again that made her want to memorize him. "It's a beautiful area."

"I can help you in the office when we get back. Get you caught up."

She slanted a sidelong glance at him. "Who are you, and what did you do with the real Nathan?"

He smirked. "Fine, fine. I've never been all that great with paperwork anyway. Speaking of, thanks for getting that SOP and the action plan past Marx."

"I didn't do anything but type up what you already had. You did all the work."

"'You're welcome' works fine too," he said.

A moment of silence stretched as they turned off the smaller road and onto the Pacific Coast Highway, then drove only a short distance to a strip of dirt leading to an open beachfront and parked.

"God," she said, looking through the windshield at the smooth surf and the coral hues of the setting sun. "That's crazy-beautiful."

"Yeah."

His soft response made her turn to glance at him, and she found him already looking directly at her. Heat rushed her face before she could even think to control it. She looked away and reached for the door handle. "It's going to be a beautiful run. How did you find this?"

He got out and rounded the hood, and she walked ahead of him down the narrow footpath.

"Google maps."

That sounded suspicious, but once her feet hit the sand, she didn't care how he'd found this little slice of heaven. The air was cool, the beach empty, the sun heavy in the multicolored sky, the surf quiet. Rachel already felt her tension melting away.

"Man," she breathed, hands on hips. "This was a great idea."

"I have them...occasionally." He looked both ways on the beach and pointed toward the right and bluffs in the distance. "How about that way?"

They started off in an easy jog, and Rachel took a few minutes shaking the tension from her arms, loosening up, then picked up the pace, but not by much.

"How often do you run?" he asked.

"Not as much as I used to since I joined Renegades. Maybe three times a week now." This was both awkward and comfortable. She knew him deeply in some ways, yet not at all in others, and the imbalance felt odd when she thought about it too much.

"Let's go look at those alcoves in the cliffs."

He pointed to the bluffs on her right and the multitude of shallow little almost-caves the overhangs and walls created. But as they jogged closer, Rachel saw that several were far deeper than she realized.

"These are cool."

He slowed, then stopped and glanced in one. She followed, fascinated by the formations. He walked to the next and glanced inside. "This one is different."

She pulled her gaze from the rock and followed Nathan to the next, peering around the stone wall and into the deeper alcove. Her gaze caught sight of something laid out inside and stepped closer. "What's-"

Then she recognized a blanket spread out. A bottle of wine, a white pastry box...

"Someone's here." She grabbed Nathan's forearm and pulled him back, glancing around the beach again. The sunset cast a pink reflection on the wet sand, and she realized they'd stumbled upon someone's romantic evening. Her heart squeezed and softened at the effort involved in the setup. "We should go before-"

"We're here," he said. "No one else is coming."

Her gaze jumped to his. "What? What are you...?" She glanced back at the setup, and her heart did a horribly uncomfortable gymnastics routine in her chest. Rachel dropped his arm and stepped away. "Nathan...you didn't...you didn't do this."

"Yeah, I did." He reached for her hand again, and Rachel pulled back, but Nathan held tight. "Hold on a second-"

"I told you this morning..." Stop. Back up. Relax. Don't snap. She took a deep breath through her nose, her gaze on the sand. Control was slipping away. Control of everything important in her life.

"I know that thing with Jax and Josh freaked you out last night." He eased the grip on her arm, feathering his fingers toward her hand, "and I might not like it, but I do understand."

She didn't understand, and a flutter of panic trickled through her chest. "Nathan, why did you do this?"

"Because it's as close to privacy as I could manage for us under the circumstances."

Shit. She licked her lips, shifted on her feet. With one hand on her hip, she pushed the other into her hair. "Nathan...we don't need privacy. I can't keep up this...this...secret sexcapade with you."

He laughed at her description of their relationship. But Rachel didn't find any of this humorous. This had to be the sweetest thing any man had ever done for her, and she was twisted over it.

"I knew this would happen. I knew it," she said more to herself than to Nathan. "I knew in my gut I couldn't handle this kind of thing, but I listened to people who aren't like me, and now I'm in way over my head." She looked at Nathan, pointing. "I told you last night I knew you were too much for me. I said I'd try. And I tried. And it didn't work." She turned toward the car and started walking. "You have to take me back. You agreed to a run. This is not a run."

"Okay, okay, okay." He came up behind her and slipped his arms around her waist.

She tensed and wiggled in his grasp. "Nathan, why are you making this so hard? Why can't you just let it go?"

"Shh," he said, his lips pressed to her hair. "Hey, stop. We're alone now. Just you and me. No one knows. Everything is fine."

She stopped struggling, embarrassed at how hard she was breathing from little more than trying to free herself from his arms.

"There you go," he whispered in her ear, resting his jaw against her temple.

He eased her back against his body and swayed so slightly she almost couldn't tell, but the undeniable relaxation of the movement drained the tension from her muscles. She kept her hands on his forearms, ready to pry them away...because she was already on the edge of turning into him and letting him make her forget all about her problems in the outside world.

"Five minutes," he murmured. "Let's sit down, have a glass of wine. Relax for five minutes with me, Rach. You might live at the beach year round, but I won't see another sunset over the ocean for two years."

Well, shit.

Yes, she knew he was using that to get her to stay. But she also knew it was true.

She took a breath and slid her hands down his arms. "Five minutes."

His head tipped as he pressed his face to her hair and exhaled. He planted a quick kiss to her hair, then released her before she could push him away and took her hand, leading her toward the alcove.

At the blanket, he held her hands as she lowered to her butt, then he crouched and started unlacing her shoes. She pulled her feet back, but he moved with her, his hands fast and efficient.

"I don't need my shoes off for five minutes," she said, reaching out to push his hands away. But he already had one shoe off and dodged her hands to grab the toe of her sock and tugged. "Nathan."

"You're at the beach," he said, making a game of getting her other shoe. "Put your toes in the sand, even if it's for five minutes."

Despite her frustration, her discomfort, her confusion, she found herself laughing as he dragged off her other shoe and sock.

He sat back, setting her shoes well off to the side. "There. Isn't that better?"

She sighed and dug her feet into the sand. Leaning forward she crossed her arms on her knees and gazed at the sunset. Yeah. This was better. But she wouldn't admit that to him. He was definitely a give-him-an-inch-and-he'd-take-a-mile type.

He disappeared behind her and made a ruckus in the back of the alcove that drew her gaze over her shoulder. "What are you...?"

He reappeared with pieces of wood in his arms, passed by, and dumped them three feet away in the sand. Then proceeded to build a wood teepee with a center of paper.

When he pulled a lighter from his pocket, she said, "We don't need a fire for five minutes."

"I'll smother it with sand." He lit the paper and sat beside her, pulling off his own shoes and socks. "It's all about the ambience."

"Ambience? I never would have imagined that word was in your vocabulary."

"I don't blame you." He grabbed the bottle of wine behind him and turned around with an opener and plastic cups.

Rachel's heart took a few extra beats and tightened in her chest. "When did you do all this?"

"On my way back from Santa Ynez."

She watched the paper catch and the flames lick up the sides of the wood, her throat growing tight. No one had ever done anything like this. Not even the man she'd planned to marry.

Nathan filled one of the small plastic cups halfway and handed it to her. Then filled the other and twisted the bottle into the sand at their feet. Mirroring her pose, knees up, arms resting there, he lifted his cup toward her. "To..." He paused, considered. "Spontaneity."

She smiled and tapped her cup to his, then drank deeply. The red was lighter than she'd expected. Rich and fruity with a sultry taste that lingered in her mouth. "Wow, this is good."

"Mmm," he said around his own mouthful, his gaze on the horizon.

"That must have been some friend you saw today," she murmured between sips.

Nathan's mouth tipped up. He nodded without looking at her. "He is. He's..." He shook his head, his expression turning serious again. "He's...amazing. I've seen a lot of strong men in my life, always thought I was pretty tough, but after seeing him today..." He exhaled and lifted his brows. "I was...humbled."

A rope twined around Rachel's heart. She took another drink of wine and ended up draining her glass. He had fascinated her from that first moment in the bar, and the more she learned, the more she wanted to know. Yet she didn't want to get so close she was hurt when he walked out of her life. And this...this...openness just teased her closer. The fact that he also had some deep wound that colored his world unearthed the nurturing streak she'd tried to bury.

"You, humbled. I can't imagine. What would that look like?"

He picked up the wine and refilled her cup. "Looked a lot like me getting my ass kicked at hoops with a one-armed guy in a wheelchair."

Oh, thank God for the wine. She took another deep drink. Her head finally started to feel light. "Damn. I would have paid to see that."

Nathan laughed, twisted the wine bottle into the sand, and took a sip from his own cup. The fire crackled, and one of the sticks fell out of the teepee lineup.

"What happened to him?" she asked. When Nathan darted a sidelong glance at her, she lifted a shoulder. "You gave me the wine."

His lips curved. "Right. Alcohol does tend to make you...direct." He looked back to the surf and took another sip. "He got in the way of an IED. Lost both legs and one arm."

Alarm clutched her chest. "In Afghanistan?"

He nodded, his mouth forming a tight straight line, eyes crinkled as he squinted at the sunset. "Fuckin' farmer's market in Kandahar."

Kandahar. Oh God. His argument with Josh the night before rushed back at her.

"It wasn't my fault," Nathan had said. He'd been there. He'd been there when his friend had gotten blown up.

Alarm turned to horror as she thought about what kind of trauma that would cause in a psyche. What kind of scars it would leave on a soul.

So much about the man next to her suddenly made sense, and doubled the reasons to keep him at arm's length and her desire to pull him closer.

"Just a normal call, you know?" he said, his voice quiet, expression contemplative. "Check out an IED threat in a vendor's fruit stand. How dangerous could that be? Wasn't like a guy with bombs strapped to his body in the middle of a playground. Wasn't like a munitions building externally rigged with ballistic missiles or anything."

He paused, and she could see his mind was somewhere else. His thoughts very far away, as if remembering those very real incidents, not making them up as examples.

"But we were still careful," he continued. "Still went at it like we did every other call, as if every watermelon could have been rigged with land mines. But this time, they'd rigged a goat."

He blew out a breath, lowered his head, and wiped his hand over his face. Rachel rested her chin on her knees so her mouth wouldn't hang open.

"I'm sorry? Did you say they'd rigged a goat? Like, it had explosives wrapped around it?"

He shook his head. "No. Explosives were on the inside. Jesus, I thought I'd seen everything."

Rachel finished the wine in her glass, her stomach tight and a surreal haze taking over her brain.

"He's doing..." Ryker started. "I hate to say he's doing great. I mean, he's missing three limbs, has been through dozens of surgeries, his life altered forever in a way I can't begin to comprehend." He slanted her a look and added, "Mike, not the goat."

Rachel burst out laughing, and Ryker's mouth curved. Even though it lightened the moment, the wrongness of it cut her laughter short.

"I guess I just mean...after what he's been through, he's so positive. So optimistic. So..." Nathan gestured as if he were gathering the air in a ball, "I don't know...together, I guess."

Rachel got the impression he wanted to say so much more together than I am, and I've still got all my limbs. She wanted to touch him. Soothe him. Let him know that he wasn't alone. But she took another drink of her wine instead. "How'd he do it?"

"He says it was his wife and son, Julie and Travis. They say guys with a girlfriend or spouse at home fare twice as well on deployment as guys without."

That sounded reasonable. A man who knew he had someone to come home to would have something to live for, look forward to. A man who had someone to talk to outside the guys he was with day in and day out had an additional release valve for stress.

"You don't agree?" she asked.

He shrugged and kept his gaze straight ahead. "Maybe for some."

"Not for you."

"Before I saw Mike today, I'd have said, no, not for me. I know how it feels to love someone, depend on someone, and have them leave you behind. My mother did it over and over until they finally took me away for good. I never thought I could live with myself knowing I was doing that. Don't know if I could take the risks that I do every day if I was worried about someone else in the back of my mind."

She imagined Nathan as a boy, lost and confused, and God, that just broke her heart. She gazed into the clear bottom of her third empty glass of wine. "And now?"

He shrugged and frowned into his glass. "I...still don't know."

Another piece of wood fell into the center of the small fire. Nathan reached over and squeezed her knee before standing and turning to the back of the alcove. "I didn't mean to get all serious on you." He came back out with more pieces of wood, laid them on the fire, and sat on the blanket again. "How about another surprise?"

Her heart did that tightening thing again. She shook her head. "We're already way past our five minutes." She glanced around for her shoes and found her head a little light. Three glasses of wine on an empty stomach in the span of fifteen minutes? She was over her limit. "Where'd you put-"

His hand appeared in front of her at eye level, holding a perfect, chocolate-dipped strawberry in his palm.

Her shoulders sagged, and her insides went soft. "Seriously?"

"Come on," he said. "Relax with me. It's been a hell of a long day."

That it had. She cut a look at him. He was so close. His eyes warm, his stubble dark, his mouth...

No. Just no.

But her body was already simmering. And she was so tired of pushing him away. And there was no one here but the two of them. And she hadn't eaten since noon.

She sat back and took the berry from his hand. "Where did you get these?"

He pulled another one from a box nearby. "Town."

She narrowed her eyes. "You did a lot in town."

"You say that like I'm not normally efficient."

She bit into the berry. The chocolate shell cracked, and the strawberry burst. The sweet, sour, and tangy taste spread through her mouth at the same time, and her appetite lunged to life. She closed her eyes and moaned. The darkness made her dizzy again, and she swayed, brushing against Nathan's body where he'd moved behind her.

He lowered his chin to her shoulder. "Take another bite," he whispered. "I want to hear you make that sound again."

All her lust broke loose and flooded her body. She wanted to lean back and sink into him. Instead, she leaned away. "Oh-kay, time to-"

His hand cupped her face, turned her head, and pulled her mouth to his. The force of the kiss pressed her head back against his shoulder. Her lips parted, and Nathan's tongue stroked inside. She didn't think, just opened to him, met his tongue with hers, and made a sound in her throat, one even she didn't recognize.

17

His mouth eased off hers too soon. She was still hungry for him. But his lips touched her jaw, her neck, then disappeared.

He wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her back against him, in between his spread thighs. His erection pressed a hard line up the small of her back, and he lifted another chocolate strawberry to her lips.

"Eat," he murmured. "Before I find other ways to distract your mouth."

Too late. She had a handful of other ideas in mind already. But she closed her lips around the plump strawberry. With Nathan's chin on her shoulder, watching her, Rachel was hyperaware of every move of her lips, her tongue, her teeth, and simply eating a strawberry had never been so erotic.

When it was gone, Nathan ran his index finger over her lower lip, and Rachel licked it, then took it between her lips and sucked. A soft moan sounded at her ear, and he offered another. She did the same with that one.

"I love your mouth," he murmured.

It wasn't the words as much as the affection in his voice that pushed Rachel over the edge. He was a good man. A troubled man, but a good man. One with a strength of character, heart, and soul that she admired.

She sucked his fingers free, dropped her head back, and wrapped one arm up and around his head, pulling him into a kiss. His tongue was warm, his movements sensual, and Rachel pushed her bottom back against his erection with a sudden need to be closer to him.

He groaned into her mouth, fisted a handful of her hair, and pulled her head back while lifting his own to break the kiss. "How tipsy are you?"

"Less than I was at the hotel."

His fingers raked against her belly as he fisted and flexed his fingers, making her realize his hand had found its way under her shirt, and suddenly all she could focus on was the feel of flesh on flesh.

"I have one last surprise," he said, his voice rough as he lowered his lips to her shoulder and kissed her there, then whispered, "Wanna play with it?"

God, she was so gone. The stress, the wine, the fatigue, they'd all weakened her. Now she didn't have the strength to resist him when she should.

She leaned close and took the skin of his neck gently between her teeth and scooted her hips back to rub against him again. "Mmm."

"I'll take that as a yes."

He lifted his head and reached behind him again, leaving her back open to the cool night air. That was enough to sharpen her mind, but not near the jolt required to shake the need he'd stirred, something she feared had gone beyond sexual. Then he was back, legs flanking hers, knees up, arms wrapped around her, presenting her with a box the length of his palm, two inches high and two inches wide. It was wrapped in plain hot-pink paper with a single ribbon, and she stared at it stupidly.

A gift?

Only now, staring at the box, did she realize she hadn't been offered a gift by a man in... Had it really been years? Dante had forgotten her birthday eight months before. Claimed Valentine's Day was a fake holiday created by greeting card manufacturers. And had shown up empty-handed at Christmas with the bullshit story that they'd already agreed their planned trip to his parent's house in Vermont that coming February would be their gift to each other.

How had she stayed with him for so long?

"Come on," he whispered at her shoulder. "Open it."

"Why'd you do this?" She took the box and glanced at him. His eyes were bright with excitement.

"Because I think you'll enjoy it."

The seductive tone of his voice hinted at something sexy in the box. "What in the hell were you going to do if I flat out said no to coming tonight?"

"Someone was going to get lucky in a whole different way than I intended. Come on, come on." He punctuated the words with the nudge of his chest against her back. "Rip it open."

She laughed. "You're worse than a kid at Christmas."

"I wouldn't know what that's like." His arms lowered and doubled around her waist, pulling her tight against him. "And I don't have any opportunity to give presents either. I never realized it was so much fun." He kissed her shoulder. "If you don't open it, I will."

Tears burned her eyes from nowhere. Foster homes. No Christmas presents. Friends getting blown to pieces in front of his eyes.

Blinking the sting away, she ripped the paper and let it drop as she read the box. Her heart skipped, then pounded a painful triple beat. Her mouth dropped open. "High intensity..." Her eyes closed in a combination of humor and horror. But her pussy had already started weeping. "You didn't."

"Have you used one?" he asked, reaching up to take the box from her hand, pulling the top off and plucking the tiny vibrator, no bigger than the size of her finger, the tip smaller than the base, from the pillowy cotton bed where it rested. Then moved the puff aside and drew out something else, larger than the toy.

"Um...no." She decided not to disclose how close she'd been to buying one recently, and eyed the extra piece suspiciously. "What's that?"

"Remote," he whispered with a hint of mischief.

"Oh my God." Her nerves tightened. "Nathan-"

Before she could even form a coherent thought, he had the slim little silver toy buzzing. "Let me just show you how it feels."

"I-" she started.

He slid the vibrating cylinder slowly down the side of her neck. Goose flesh rose across her skin, and she shivered. He followed the path of the vibrator with his lips, kissing toward her collarbone while his hand guided the toy into her shirt and stroked it between her breasts. The skin of her chest tightened, and her nipples puckered. The sensation shot straight to her sex, and she rubbed her thighs together to ease the sudden ache.

"You can use it for all kinds of things," he murmured against her shoulder as he eased the toy underneath the edge of her bra and angled it toward her nipple. Sensation built and layered through her breast, her chest, her sex. Her whole body tightened in anticipation. "And if touching you here makes you feel like my hand is between your legs," he said, "imagine..."

He trailed off as the vibrator crossed gently over the tight peak. Tingles spread like fingers and gripped her breast, and a millisecond later her pussy tightened. "Oh my God." He dragged it back across the opposite way, and the sensations filled her body again. "Ah..."

"You are so sexy," he growled against her neck, sliding the vibrator to her other breast.

Rachel turned her head and pressed her face to his throat. Buried her hand in his hair. And moaned against his skin. He smelled musky and male, only a hint of spice left from his morning shower now, and she dragged in a deep breath of his scent.

He made her feel so primal, so alive, so present, like nothing outside this moment mattered. And when he traced the vibrator underneath the curve of each breast, then down the center of her abdomen, she knew she had to have him.

"Nathan..."

He shifted behind her, rising up on his knees. The vibrator's shiver disappeared from her skin, then Nathan's hands were on her waist, lifting her to her knees. She twisted to face him, but his body blocked her and his mouth covered hers. One hand held her waist tight; the other slipped the vibrator beneath the waistband of her shorts and slowly moved lower. The shiver set all her nerve endings on fire. She slid one knee wider, her hand covering his, urging it deeper between her legs.

His mouth left hers, sliding to her neck, back up to her ear. "You want it?"

"Yes," she whispered.

His hand lowered. "What do you want me to do with it?"

"Touch me."

The toy shivered just past her clit and over her labia. "Oh God," she moaned, pushing her hips into his hand. "That's crazy good."

"You're so wet." He moved the vibrator back and forth along her opening. Then he eased it between her folds.

Vibration shivered through her pussy, her clit, her ass, and she gasped and dug her fingers into his hand. "Jesus Christ."

"Now for the fun part," he murmured.

Before she could even understand that innuendo, the vibration grew stronger and stronger and stronger. The pleasure rocketing through her pussy shocked Rachel's eyes open, and she siphoned air through a tight throat.

"Hold on, sugar." He pressed two fingers inside her, forcing the vibrator deeper into her body. The shiver touched that place that whited out her brain, and she arched as her orgasm lunged into the immediate future.

Then the sensation was gone. No, not gone, just less intense. Just as her muscles loosened, it was back, full force and relentless, driving her higher, higher, higher... Then it was gone.

"Fuck," she breathed, confused, frustrated. "What is that?"

"Vibration settings. There are five. Want to try a different one?"

She couldn't grasp what he was saying. The heavy vibration started up again, and she dropped her head back on a cry of pleasure. But before she could climax, it was gone, and frustration clawed at her gut. She needed release.

"Let's try this," he said.

The pulses came faster in a cycle of three different strengths-strong, stronger, and a blast that felt like it pummeled her G-spot.

She lasted through three cycles, clawing at Nathan's hair, her body arching and twisting as the orgasm built and built and built. And finally exploded on the next blast of vibration with a scream that Nathan muffled with his mouth. Another couple of cycles drew out the orgasm until she fell forward on the sand, her hands bracing her body.

The vibrations disappeared, and Rachel sat back on her heels, panting, shivering with residual pleasure.

Nathan's hand moved gently between her legs, removing the vibrator and slipping his hand from her shorts. He leaned over her, curving his chest to her back, and kissed the nape of her neck. His hands moved to the waistband of her shorts and shimmied them over her hips.

Rachel turned her head. "Nathan..." She was about to say this was a public beach, then remembered how she'd just been screaming on said beach.

But he read her mind and murmured, "It's dark. The fire's out. No one can see us." He dragged her shorts over her ass, and the cool air licked her damp skin and chilled her wet pussy. The sensation was titillating. "Besides, there's no one here. And I need to feel you."

His words brought to mind the feel of him inside her. Of the feel of him driving into her, filling her, stretching her, and hunger renewed low in her body. She pulled one leg from her shorts and panties as he dragged them to her knees, then the other. Then his hand was between her legs again, his fingers stroking her pussy. And she was so wet. The rip of paper sounded, then the head of his cock replaced his hand, and he rubbed his tip over her slick folds. He teased her with only the head of his cock thrusting through her entrance, then pulling out, stretching and stroking the sensitive flesh relentlessly.

She rocked backward, pushing him deeper. Rachel's head fell back, sparking a memory of his fantasy. "Do...what you said you wanted to do..." she said between heavy breaths, "on the hike."

He slid his hand up her back and into her hair, gripped a handful, and gently but firmly pulled her head back. She arched, and her ass tilted, angling her pussy toward him, exactly the way he knew it would. And when he stroked deep, his muscles tightened, pulling her head farther back, arching her back a little more, and slamming that delicious place deep in her pussy with the head of his cock.

"Yes." She closed her eyes and took in every lurid, erotic detail.

A click and low hum sounded before she felt a vibration at the small of her back. He withdrew slowly while sliding the slick little toy down the groove between her ass cheeks and thrust again. A wickedly decadent sensation coursed through her ass, awaking an intense need and making Rachel feel ravenous. When he pulled out again, he slid the vibrator over the pucker, circling the sensitive tissue over and over while he thrust again.

Rachel pushed her hips back, forcing a harder hit, and growled through her teeth. "More." She felt rabid, and a part of her knew she should be ashamed of being so forward, so demanding, so needy, but she couldn't control it, and rocked forward, then back to speed his thrusts. "More, Nathan."

He made an animalistic sound in his throat and bent over her. With his chest pressed to her back, he held the vibrator with one hand and cupped her face in the other, turning her head to kiss her deeply. And while he rubbed the scintillating toy along the skin between her pussy and her pucker, he mirrored his tongue with his cock. Again and again and again.

"Yes," she groaned, lost in the rhythm of thrust and pull with a moment of wicked vibration in between. "Yes, yes, yes. Perfect."

His face pressed to her neck. "Fucking perfect," he murmured and thrust, thrust, thrust. Thrust, drag, vibrate. Thrust, drag, vibrate. She wanted to come, wanted to scream, wanted to writhe, but he held her tight, his hand wrapped low on her jaw, partially around her neck, his heavy body at her back. The effect was a tantalizing sensation of imprisoned pleasure. Erotic torture to extreme heights of sensation.

"Nathan..." she begged. "Please..."

"But you feel so good. Wish we could do this all night."

She whimpered.

He shifted the vibrator and concentrated all the sensation on her pucker. He picked up the speed and force of his thrusts into her pussy. She fisted her hands, and the warm sand grated against her palms. He knew just how to move to drive her right to the peak. She cried out, called his name, and plunged.

Ecstasy twisted and bowed her muscles. Spasms jerked her body with bursts of pleasure. Even as she floated back from bliss, her head swam, and when she opened her eyes to get her bearings, the embers of the fire spun in her vision.

Nathan gripped her waist and lifted her, pulling from her body. And he was still hard. "Face me."

She swung her leg over his lap as he turned her, and reached down to direct his cock to her entrance. He looked deep into her eyes as he sank into her, the look in his eyes saturated with desire. Once he filled her, he stilled her hips, held her head gently, and kissed her mouth. Slow, sweet, sexy kisses that opened her heart.

He pulled back. "I want to show you something intense," he said. "Want to bring your entire body into the next orgasm." He kissed her again, lips gentle. "Do you trust me?"

Nerves bounced in her belly. "What...is it?"

"Do you trust me?" he asked again.

"Yes."

He leaned away and reached for a little lube bottle that had come with the vibrator. Rachel bit her lip as she watched him pour an abundant amount of lube into his palm, making the vibrator swim in the clear, silky liquid.

He wrapped his arms around her again and stroked his lubed hand down the crease between her cheeks. Rachel gasped at the cool shock to her skin, the slick feel of the lube, and his fingers sliding over the sensitive second entrance to her body. And when his fingers paused to play, she tensed.

He lifted to his knees, pushing his cock deep into her pussy while massaging her backside. Rachel closed her eyes on the sensation.

"Relax," Nathan murmured as he lowered, stroking out of her again. "You've got to release these muscles."

She realized what he had planned and immediately tensed against the toy teasing her. "I can't relax when you're doing that."

He turned off the vibration. "Now," he said, "relax and open to me."

She bit her lip, purposely relaxed her pelvic muscles, and he smiled.

"Perfect. Now don't think. Just look into my eyes and feel."

He continued to circle the small toy, adding slight pressure. Her muscles tightened automatically, even as deep pleasure spread through her pelvis.

"Breathe." He kissed her, murmured, "Open for me," against her lips. "I can't wait to watch you come apart."

If what he was doing hadn't felt so good, she'd have stopped him there. But she'd never been touched like this, and it was an edgy kind of pleasure she'd never experienced. One that made her body crave something secret. Something naughty. Something exciting.

She closed her eyes, blew out a breath, and relaxed her muscles again. The movement lowered her deeper onto his cock and added pressure on her smaller opening. The lube allowed the narrow vibrator to slip past the tightness, and a wildly erotic surge of pleasure filled her lower body and made her gasp.

"Shh," Nathan murmured. She opened her eyes and found his molten with excitement, his face taut with lust. "Now just hold still. Let your body adjust." He tilted his head and kissed her cheek, her neck. Slid his tongue from her collarbone to her ear, causing a shiver, and took her lobe between his teeth to suck.

"Oh God," she breathed, her body relaxing into the new stretch, thrilling at the added pressure, layering on top of the feel of his cock stretching her pussy. And found she couldn't hold still. She pushed her hips back and into the toy, easing it deeper. A pleasure-pain sensation wound through her ass, her hips, and filled her belly.

"Easy," Nathan crooned. "Ease forward now-the real goodness is hidden in the release."

She didn't understand, but rocked forward to ease the fullness and pressure. And as she did, the smooth, metal toy slid along the tight ring of flesh, the pressure eased, and a sensation as close to ecstasy as she'd ever felt rushed her entire lower body. She gritted her teeth and pressed her face into his neck. "Oh fuck..."

Nathan growled in her ear. Fisted a hand in her hair. Closed his teeth around the base of her neck. He trembled with restraint. Rachel pulled her focus from her own body and pushed her hips forward, taking his whole shaft.

"So good," he growled.

A sudden and overwhelming need to move gripped her. She eased her hips back, and Nathan held the toy steady, allowing her to impale herself at her own pace. Then rocked forward until Nathan filled her.

"Jesus..." she breathed, wrapping her arms tight around his shoulders, her body tight and full and on fire in a way she'd never imagined. The naughtiness of it fed something in her psyche. The pleasure fed her desire. "Fuck..."

She pushed again, moaning at the slightly uncomfortable push of metal. Rocked forward and groaned loudly at the way sensation rippled through her ass on the release at the same time Nathan's cock filled her, stretched her, his head pushing against that spot that made her throat close.

"So perfect." Nathan's dark whisper bathed her ear in heat. "So sexy. You drive me insane, Rachel."

She suddenly couldn't stop moving, her body seeking more and more of this wicked decadence. With control slipping, she whimpered, "Nathan..."

"So good, isn't it?" he asked in a whisper. "Feels so good."

The dual pressures alternated her focus, the edge of discomfort taking a lick of pleasure away from the thrust of Nathan's cock. And it took longer for her to climb toward orgasm, yet she was drowning in thrill after thrill.

Frustration built along with the pleasure, drawing her mind into a narrow focus on only this, only moving her body to reach that peak, only the sensations and heat filling her. Growing, growing, growing.

But no release.

"Nathan." Her hips rocked frantically now. Fast, hard. Back, forward, back forward. "I can't...I can't...come. Help me."

"I'm turning it on," he murmured.

Before she understood, the vibrator shivered through her ass. Rachel fell into Nathan on a gasp. Arched with the electrifying intensity filling her lower body. She couldn't move, all her muscles stretched to their limits.

Nathan took over, lifting into her on full, long, deep strokes. Sliding the vibrator-out with his thrust, in on the release. Out-flood of pleasure. In-wickedly edgy pressure.

One hand fisted in his hair; the other dug into his shoulder. Thrust, release. She arched. Thrust, release. "Yes." Thrust, release. "Fuck." Thrust, release. "More." Thrust, release. "Don't stop."

Thrust...

A hurricane of sensation whipped through her body. Rachel's mind blew apart, swirling in a crazy spiral of ecstasy that kept spinning and spinning and spinning. Her body twisted, bucked, arched. Muscles taut. Mouth open. Eyes closed. Hands fisted.

The intensity eased, her mind came back, and Nathan was thrusting hard, fast, deep. His hands held her face. "Look at me," he rasped. "Open your eyes, Rachel. Look at me."

Her lashes fluttered. His eyes were dark and smoky and intense. The lust was nothing new, but the vulnerability was. The affection. The need. Some type of yearning, begging to connect.

Then his orgasm hit, and his eyes closed. Deep, male sounds of release pushed from his chest, his throat, rolled on the crisp air.

Nathan's legs quivered, and he lowered to his heels, his face against her neck, his arms tight around her waist. He'd turned off and removed the vibrator before he'd let go of his own passion, and now he relaxed against her, his breath bathing her neck and chest. She soaked in these moments of bliss, of having him in as complete a way as she ever would, of feeling him still filling her body.

They stayed like that for what seemed like a long time. Especially considering they were on a public beach. But he was right; it was dark, and no sounds touched her ears but the lap of waves and Nathan's breath.

"I could..." he finally said, "fall asleep like this."

She laughed. "I think parts of you might lose blood supply and deeply hinder your military performance."

"Sure," he said with a smile in his voice. "Just burst my bubble."

He turned his head and pressed a long kiss to her neck, then shifted his weight and pulled from her body. He lay back on the blanket and dragged her with him, draping her on top of him, where she rested her head on his chest and smiled at the wild beat of his heart beneath her ear while he combed his fingers through her hair.

She'd never had this kind of intimacy after sex with a man. Probably because she'd never had sex this intense, this satisfying. She'd never known the two could influence each other that way.

But she couldn't lose sight of the fact that he had this kind of sex with women all the time. That he was leaving. And that they'd only been able to do this because they'd snuck out of camp.

A phone rang. Rachel squeezed her eyes shut, angry at the interruption of her little fantasy.

Nathan growled. "Is that yours or mine?"

"Mine." She exhaled and took the shorts he handed her, fishing the phone from her pocket. "This is Rachel."

"The computers crashed." It was one of the twins.

"Katie?" she guessed with a fifty-fifty chance of getting it right.

"No, it's Kelly," she said. "And nothing on the computer is working. No Internet. No programs. I don't know what the hell is wrong with them. Where are you?"

"I went for a run, but I'm on my way back."

She disconnected, and reality slammed her head-on. Her little erotic field trip was over. Well, in the end, she and Nathan had both gotten what they'd needed. Sex was sex. No big deal. Just sex.

She wondered how many different ways she could tell herself that to find the one that made the idea stick. Because now that the high was fading, her reality seeped in, and her good old-fashioned Catholic guilt was flowing.

She was going to have to find a way to tell Nathan they couldn't keep doing this-and stick to it.

Ryker felt her pulling away while he'd still been holding her against his body. While the pulse in her neck still raced beneath his fingers. Now, as he climbed behind the wheel of the truck and Rachel clicked her seat belt waaaaay over on the passenger's side, he felt all the old problems slide back into the space between them like an iron wedge.

He turned the engine over and glanced at her. She met his gaze and smiled. It was the distant, polite smile of an acquaintance, not the warm, satisfied, or even naughty smile of a lover. But then, they weren't really lovers. They were fuck buddies. That had been made clear from the beginning. All Ryker could ever envision wanting at that time. And despite the massive conflict the thought of anything more caused in his life...he still wanted more.

But only with Rachel.

This wasn't about wanting someone waiting at home for him. It was about wanting Rachel. And that just fucked up everything.

He patted the bench seat between them. "Come sit with me."

A spark of resistance hinted in her eyes, but she released her belt and slid to the middle, then refastened. Ryker had the strangest desire to wrap his arms around her and bury his face in her hair. To kiss her and tell her how awesome their sex had been for him. But he was pretty sure she'd put up a wall again. So he just smiled, squeezed her knee, and directed the truck back out onto the main highway.

He waited five full minutes before he spoke. Watching the digital clock tick off the minutes on the dash was torturous, but when she still hadn't spoken, hadn't touched him, hadn't laid her head on his shoulder, he couldn't take it any longer.

"Why so quiet?"

She licked her lips, kept her gaze out the windshield, and shook her head. "Just thinking about all I have to do when we get back."

"Can I help? I bet I can file as well as Kelly and Katie. And I won't bring down the computers by overloading them with Internet searches for fashion or new nail polish colors."

That got her to laugh and cut some of the tension in the cab. "No, thanks. The system probably just has to be rebooted, and everything I need to do is bookkeeping." She drew a breath, and the muscles in her neck strained. "So...when do you leave?"

His stomach dropped. "I, uh, need to be at Joint Base Lewis-McChord outside Tacoma on the twenty-third."

She glanced at him. "What about Afghanistan?"

"I fly to Kandahar from Lewis-McChord with another unit headed over."

"Oh." The flicker of hope he thought he'd seen snuffed out and she nodded. Exhaling, she pressed her palms together and pushed them between her knees. "Bet your guys will be happy to have you back."

Ryker forced a smile. Nodded. And they fell into silence again.

After another three minutes-he couldn't wait the whole five this time-he asked, "What's bothering you, Rach?"

She pressed her lips together and lowered her gaze to her lap. Then cleared her throat. "I just want us to be on the same page." She glanced at him, then away, and he knew what was coming. "You know I love being with you, but we can't do that here. And I can't take the time or the risk of going off site like that again."

Even knowing didn't cushion the blow. He gritted his teeth to hold his temper. "Listen, I was thinking about this. I'll just talk to Troy, set him straight about the way it is. And I'll make it right with Marx. I just need to have a sit down with them-"

"No. Please, Nathan, don't." Her terse response made his temper bristle, but she took a slow breath and softened her voice. "Let me try to explain this in terms you can relate to. Would you ever fuck a woman on your team?"

"We don't have-"

"Then your unit? Your platoon or battalion or whatever the hell you call those things? You know what I'm asking. And you know you wouldn't, because it would be unprofessional. It would cause problems with your boss or CO or whatever, and maybe cause conflict with your buddies, and maybe piss off the guys on your team. It's the same for me here."

"I'm not a Renegade. We don't work together in the same way-"

"You're close enough, and you know it," she said, that determined streak clear in her voice. "You know talking to Troy and Josh won't change their minds. You know it won't make anything better. And I know, after you're gone, the fact that I messed around with you would still be a rift between them and me.

"You and I don't have that much time left together anyway. It's been good. We've been lucky so far. Let's just quit while we're ahead. While we can both look back on this and smile."

Nathan wasn't smiling. Nor did he feel like smiling.

He turned onto the ranch, and gravel crunched under the tires. The compound was quiet, and lights burned in the bunkhouses and the dining room.

Her phone rang, and she pulled it from the pocket of her shorts. Swearing under her breath, she silenced the call and put the phone away.

"What's with that?" he asked, unable to keep the belligerence out of his tone. "Why are you avoiding your sister?"

"I already told you we don't get along."

"Why?"

"I don't want to talk about it."

He lifted his hand and let it slap against the steering wheel. "I can spill my guts to you about my buddy getting blown up, but you can't even tell me why you hate your sister. Nice."

"Fine," she said as he pulled the truck to a stop in the lot. "You want to know about my sister? She's gorgeous. She's got a killer body. I might have been born first, but she was in line for the flash in our family. And she was fucking my ex behind my back. They are now together, visiting my parents, and want me to make nice and pretend it's all okay."

All Ryker's anger drained, replaced by guilt he'd brought up a subject that caused that kind of pain on her face. "I'm...sorry."

"My sister has always gone out and gotten what she wanted, despite the consequences to anyone else. She wanted Dante, so she got Dante-to hell with my feelings or how it would hurt our family. She wanted a private college, she got private college-to hell with the second mortgage my parents had to take out on the house to pay for it. She wanted a job in New York, she takes a job in New York-to hell with the fact that it will break my mother's heart.

"I want what I want too, but I'm not willing to hurt other people to get it. Especially not the people I love." She took a deep, shaky breath. "I'm sorry, Nathan. I just can't risk that and live with myself."

She pushed the door open and slid out.

"Rach-"

The door shut, and she walked toward her cabin without looking back, that stubborn stiffness in her shoulders.

Ryker leaned into the arm curved over the wheel and dropped his head. "Shit."

He pulled the key out of the ignition, stood from the car, and stuffed his hands into his pockets as he looked toward her cabin, where the light flipped on. In his pocket, something stiff rubbed his fingers. He pulled out a business card and glanced at the name of Carmello's psychiatrist, then shoved it away again. Ryker was too damn far gone for a shrink.

He'd given this thing with Rachel his best shot. And with no idea how he was going to bridge this gap between them, he thought it might just be time to let it go.

18

Rachel rubbed tired eyes with one hand and held the phone to her ear with the other. "Out? What do you mean you're out of detonation cord? You're an explosives supplier, how can you be out of one of the most basic elements of blasting?"

"I'm sorry, ma'am," the woman on the other end of the phone said, her voice growing terse with Rachel's increasing impatience. "The manufacturer had an issue with the supplies to make the cord. It's on backorder until-"

"Forget it," Rachel said. "I need it now. Thanks anyway."

She hung up, annoyed at herself for being rude. One of the stockyard managers pounded into Rachel's office with dirty boots trailing mud across the carpet. "Hey, Rach, you seen Ryker?"

Her hands curled into fists. "That is about the twentieth time someone has asked me that today, Ken No, I haven't seen him. He's been up on the bridge all day."

"Still up there?" Ken asked, his face twisting in disbelief. "He's the hardest damned working blaster I ever met."

"I'm sure he'll be pleased to hear that. Grab some dinner, Ken. He'll show up in the dining hall soon."

Ken stomped out of the office, letting the door slam behind him. Rachel flinched and gritted her teeth. What was it about men that made them incapable of shutting a door quietly?

She was grateful Josh was gone today, or she might have bitten his head off.

On a controlled exhale, she flipped her Rolodex to the name of a more expensive explosives supplier and punched in the number. They, thank God, had the det cord Nathan wanted. While she was on the phone, one of the chef's assistants, a pretty, twenty-something redhead, popped in. Rachel placed her order for the det cord and requested next-day delivery.

As soon as she got off the phone, she greeted the girl. "Hi, Paige, what can I do for you?"

"Hi, Rachel. Do you know where Ryker is?" Her wide smile made Rachel want to grind her teeth. "I made a special dessert tonight-lemon merengue pie. He said it's his favorite."

"Really." Rachel propped her chin in her hand, wholly annoyed Nathan had this cute little thing baking special desserts for him. "I understood he loved chocolate."

"Oh." Her smile dropped, and concern pulled her brow. "Oh no. We were chatting the other day, and he-"

"I'm sure he'll love the pie, Paige," Rachel said, feeling guilty for making the sweet thing worry. It wasn't her fault Nathan was too delicious for his own good. "Who couldn't love both lemon and chocolate, right?"

"Right." She smiled again, but this time not as forcefully. "If you see him-"

"I'll be sure and let him know."

But the lack of sleep had caused her memory to slip today. No one could blame her if she just...forgot to mention the perky little Paige...or her lemon merengue. Right?

Paige left the office far more quietly than Ken. Rachel turned to her computer and opened a cost-analysis file to check on the budget after paying bills and placing orders today.

Her phone rang. Rachel's nerves frayed, leaving only a thread, and she glared at the phone before snapping it up. "This is Rachel."

"Hey, honey." Charlie's voice filled the line. "Has Ryker come down from the bridge yet?"

Rachel's teeth clenched, and pain shot through her jaw.

Don't shoot the messenger.

She glanced at the clock over the door. Nearly six. She propped her elbows on her desk and pressed her fingers to her eyes. Christ, she was so tired she felt brittle. She hadn't slept at all last night after leaving Nathan standing at the truck, wanting something she couldn't give him. Hadn't slept the night before after the awesome sex he'd delivered and the almost-catastrophe of Jax and Josh discovering them together. Hell, she felt like she hadn't slept since he walked into her life last week.

Last week?

How had she gotten so wound up over a man after just a week?

"Doesn't Ryker have a phone? And a radio?" she asked. "Why does everyone keep calling me to ask where he is? How would I know where the man is when I've been trapped in this office all day and he's been out working in the fresh air and sunshine?"

"Oooh," Charlie drew out. "Sounds like you need a vacation, sweet pea. No worries. I'll find the bugger."

And he hung up. Rachel dropped the phone, and it clattered on her desk. She drove all ten fingers into her hair and growled.

Her phone rang again. She popped her head up. "Jesus. It rings even when it's off the hook."

The multiline system rolled calls over to the second line when the first was in use, and she snapped up the receiver, then jabbed at the button lighting up the second line. "This is Rachel, and no, I do not know where the hell Ryker is."

A moment of silence, then, "Uuuum, I'm just calling to tell you that someone just passed through the gates looking for you."

It was Tommy, the guy working night security. Rachel winced and pinched the bridge of her nose. Tears of fatigue and frustration burned her eyes. "I'm sorry, Tommy. Who is it?"

"She said she's your sister? A Nicole, I think it was. But she doesn't look nothin' like you."

Rachel's eyes popped open. Alarm burned her chest. "What in the hell?"

"She didn't say why she was here. I just pointed her toward the office. Sorry if I-"

Rachel didn't hear the rest of Tommy's sentence. She dropped the phone and stood. Through the office's glass outer door, she saw Nicole's red BMW sports coupe pull to a stop.

"Shit."

Dread spiraled through her chest, kicking up anger. And by the time Rachel walked out and met her sister halfway to the office, she was on the verge of turning into a raving lunatic. Nicole's gold hair was down, brushing her shoulders in a sleek cut. She wore a short black skirt and a hot-pink wraparound blouse that made her boobs look even bigger than they already were. Her fancy black heels were trimmed in pink leather, matching the deep shade of pink painted on her toenails, and she looked ridiculously out of place.

Rachel stopped five feet away. "What the hell do you think you're doing? How would you like it if I showed up at your office in New York unannounced?"

"You're always welcome, Rachel," she said, her voice level and sincere. "You know that."

Maybe, but that was only because Rachel hadn't stolen Nicole's fiance. "You're not welcome here. And you know that."

She let out a breath and dropped her arms to her sides, her smooth brow wrinkling in distress. "You know this is killing Mom and Dad, don't you?"

That stabbed at Rachel's conscience, just the way her sister knew it would. "I guess you should have thought about how fucking Dante would screw up other people's lives before you did it." She was so furious, she was shaking. She took a step closer to her sister. "You have no right to come here."

Nicole licked her full lips. "We need to talk."

"No. We don't. There is nothing you have to say that-"

"We're getting married," she blurted, yelling over Rachel. When Rachel couldn't find her voice to respond, her sister continued in a softer voice. "Dante and I are getting married, Rachel. I didn't want to tell you over the phone, dammit."

She couldn't breathe. She felt like she'd been kicked by a horse and couldn't draw air. She managed to pull up all her shields, clawing back her emotions inside those barriers. "How thoughtful."

"Look," she said, appearing truly stricken. "You know I'm sorry about how this turned out. You know we didn't mean to hurt you-"

"This is what I know, Nickie," she said, her voice coming out hollow and dark. "I know your selfishness hurt the people who have always loved you and supported you, no matter what. I know your narcissism has divided our family. And I know, given the chance, you'd do it again. So don't you dare stand there and expect me to pretend it's all okay. Because that kind of betrayal is never okay."

Her sister's big brown eyes-the only thing she and Rachel had in common-glassed over with tears. Her brow crinkled in distress. And Rachel felt nothing-no pity, no guilt, no remorse. She was doing what she should have been doing her entire life: taking care of herself.

"I don't understand..." Nicole sputtered.

"No. You don't. And you never will. You and Dante will do whatever the hell you please, regardless of what I say or how I feel. So go do it. Just don't expect my blessings, my acceptance, or my acquiescence, because it won't happen."

Rachel turned and started back to the office. Her head swam with confusion and adrenaline. Pain ripped at her from shoulders to hips. She felt torn from her family. Her very foundation yanked out from under her feet.

"Rachel," Nicole called at her back. "Can't we talk about-"

Rachel slammed the office door, stepped to the side, and pressed her back against the wall, where her sister couldn't see her. She dropped her head back and closed her eyes. Tears spilled down her cheeks and anger rose in her throat.

She was sick of crying-over losing Dante, over his and Nicole's betrayal, over her parents' willingness to forgive at Rachel's expense. She was sick of caring about other people so much. It wore her out, and when she needed the energy to stay strong, for herself, she didn't have it.

The office phone rang. Nicole's snazzy BMW passed by headed toward the exit. Instead of feeling vindicated or relieved, Rachel just felt empty.

She stalked into her office and plucked up the phone. "Rachel."

"Hey, Rach." Ray's voice came over the line. "I need to get some information on tomorrow's delivery's to Ryker, and I can't get him on the-"

"I have no damned idea where that man is, Ray." The very last filament of her patience snapped. "But you can bet I'm going to find his ass and give him a ration for being out of touch."

She disconnected and turned toward the door with a new target for all her frustration. Outside, she scoured all the main buildings-the dining room, the kitchen, his bunkhouse. No Nathan.

Turning toward the trail leading past the stockyard and up to the bridge, she muttered, "If I have to go all the way up there, Nathan Ryker, your fine ass is dead meat."

She started that direction, eying the vehicles in the lot. She could take a truck around the back roads to get on top of the bridge, or hop a Kabota as far as it would take her along the back trail. Just thinking about tracking him down pissed her off-only adding to her fury.

At the stockyard fence, she jammed her hands on her hips and stared up at the trail. Frustration and futility sat in her chest like a rock. Movement in the stockyard caught her eye, just the flash of a white T-shirt, and she walked to the gate, peering toward a supply shed.

Nathan strode out with a roll of det cord, tossed it into the back of a pickup, and disappeared back into the shed. Her anger whipped up again. When she reached the shed, he turned with a bundle of four-foot long linear charges on his shoulder. He wore a hard hat, dark gray cargo pants, and a T-shirt-every part of him covered in dirt.

He caught sight of her by the door and stopped short. "Hey."

That wasn't a particularly friendly "Hey," but what the hell did she expect after what she'd said to him last night?

"Where is your phone?" she started in. "And why aren't you answering your radio?"

"Wait, what...?" His expression turned hopeful. "Were you trying to call me?"

"No. But everyone else in this place was."

His eyes shadowed again, and his mouth firmed. Guilt pushed in. She was so damned sick of feeling guilty.

"I don't have time to be your fucking secretary. That wasn't the deal. I have real work to do, and I can't get it done when I get fifty calls a day asking, 'Where's Ryker?' 'Have you seen Ryker?' 'When's Ryker going to be back?'"

His brow pulled until two little vertical lines appeared between his eyes. He cocked his hip, pushed his hard hat up on his forehead, and put his hand on his hip. "Rach," he said, his voice even and conciliatory, "what's wrong?"

"Wrong?" She laughed, the sound as cynical as she felt. "I'll tell you what's wrong." Her arms flew open. "Everything's wrong, dammit. Do you see this?" She shook her hands at herself. "I'm not like this. Normally, I'm completely in control. Competent. Congenial. Look at me, I'm a lunatic. Between you and my sister, I've turned into that raving bitch I hate." She paced away from him, crossing her arms. "The suppliers are out of your super-special det cord. It took me three hours to hunt it down. You aren't reachable by phone or radio. What if something had happened to you? What if something had happened to someone else, and I needed to get ahold of you? What if-"

"Okay, hold on." He exhaled heavily and took a step toward her, eyes narrowed. "What's this about your sister?"

"My sister?" She turned on him. "Oh, I'll tell you about my sister." Her arms unfolded, and her hands started flying again. She just couldn't hold still. "She comes all the way out here from New York, nags the hell out of me, then drives here from the valley just to tell me she's marrying my ex. Then expects me to be happy for them. The same way you expect me to risk my job and my friendships for you."

He lowered the bundle on his shoulder to the floor and put his hands out to her like he was calming a spooked horse. "Rachel, honey-"

"I don't need her telling me how to feel. I don't need you turning into Mr. Perfect with wine and chocolate and unforgettable sex." She'd flipped. She'd gone absolutely mad. She needed to shut her mouth and walk away. Now.

She swung toward the shed door. "I'm done putting everyone else-"

Her flailing hand scraped against metal, and pain seared her skin. "Ow!"

She recoiled, jerking her hand back. Her gaze landed on a roll of chain link, the ends rough cut and sharp. Her hand burned, and she looked down at the bloody scrape running diagonally across the back of her hand. "Dammit."

"Rach?" Nathan started toward her. "Are you okay?"

Emotion bubbled beneath her skin, so close to the surface she thought she'd explode. "Perfect," she muttered, blinking back her tears. "A perfect end to a perfectly shitty day."

She started out of the shed again, her self-esteem and self-respect at an all-time low.

Nathan grabbed her arm gently. "Rachel, let me see your hand."

"I'm fine." She pulled out of his grasp. "Just one more stupid move."

He stopped her again, this time with both arms around her waist. He pulled her back against his body and lowered his chin to her shoulder. "Come on, baby. Take a breath."

She released her tension, exhausted. "This is my bitch at her finest."

"Nothing I can't handle." One arm released her waist, and he pulled at the wrist of her injured hand. "Let me look."

She lifted her hand and winced at the gouge, shallow on the ends, deeper in the middle.

"We should get you to emergency," he said. "You might need a stitch or two."

She pulled her hand away. "We should get my head looked at, but my hand is fine. I've got first aid supplies in my room." She twisted out of his grasp again, covered her eyes with her hand. "Look, I'm-obviously-royally screwed up." She dropped her hand and started walking. "Just...just...wipe all that from your mind-except the part about keeping your phone on-and forget I was here."

Within two steps, Nathan had whipped in front of her and stopped her by the shoulders. She exhaled heavily and sagged. He cupped her face and lifted her head to look into her eyes. His were warm and worried and guilty. "I'm sorry I've caused so much stress. I'll try not to add to it." He released her face, stroked one hand over her hair, and slipped his arm around her shoulders, walking her forward. "I'll take a better look at it in your room. Then you're turning in early. You need a break."

No, she needed to work. Lying in bed reliving every lousy moment of her sister's visit and her rant at Nathan would not reduce her stress. But she didn't want to argue with him, so she kept quiet and let him walk her back to her cabin.

When he stepped in after her and closed the door, the air suddenly seemed thick. If Josh was on site, she would have forced him out, but with all the emotion roiling around inside her, she would like nothing better than to sink into Nathan and forget about everything but the pleasure he brought. And now with him pulling her into the bedroom by the hand, her mind overwhelmed, she couldn't remember why she kept pushing him away.

"Is it in your bathroom?" he asked.

"What?" She refocused on his face as he released her hand and looked around.

"The first aid stuff." He glanced back at her. "Is it in the bathroom?"

"Oh no. Closet."

"Sit down."

She sighed, sat on the edge of the bed, and watched him rummage in the closet, pulling out a small toolbox.

He turned, knelt at her feet, and set the box down, grinning as he opened it. "A mini version of the emergency station Lexi's got for all the renegades that drip blood on her carpet every time of the day and night?"

"How'd you know about that?" Rachel asked.

"She whipped it out when Duke cut Keaton's eyebrow with the back of his hand during pool hoops."

"Oh, that's right. There's a full version in my office and on all of the trucks. But I know what babies men can be when they're hurt or sick, and how they always seem to seek out a female for care like a little kid. I expected more than a few visits."

He chuckled. "You're running with the wrong group of men. You need the kind who brag about their injuries. Argue about whose is worse like it's a medal of honor."

She smiled as he took her hand and inspected the cut closer. "You look good on your knees."

He barked a laugh and glanced up, her eyes warm with both sexual heat and pure affection. "I'd get on my knees for you anytime."

Her smile softened, and her mind muddled. Had he crossed that no-strings, no-complication border he'd promised? The thought created a sudden burn beneath her breastbone. That wouldn't be good-for either of them. He would be oh so easy to fall for. And he'd be oh so gone in a couple of weeks.

He cleaned her scrape with hydrogen peroxide, pulled the skin together, and secured it there with Steri strips, then covered the whole thing with a couple of Band-Aids. "There. Do you want some ibuprofen?"

"No, I'm okay." She sighed, suddenly exhausted. She lifted her hand, opening and closing her fingers, testing the feel. "Thanks for...humoring my insanity."

He smiled. "Let's tuck you in."

He pulled off her cowboy boots with a shake of his head. "Never thought these would turn me on." Then he stood, moved to the head of the bed, and pulled the covers back. "Come on, get in."

He was really just going to put her to bed and leave? That didn't sound appealing to Rachel at all. "I've got a lot of work-"

"You'll be more productive rested. I'm not leaving until you're under the covers with your pretty little head on the pillow."

She sighed. That sounded so good. Maybe just a quick nap. Then she could stay up late and work in peace while everyone was in bed.

She turned and crawled across the bed, sliding under the covers. Nathan covered her up and lowered to one knee beside the bed. The move made her wonder if Dante had gotten down on one knee to propose to Nicole. Rachel expected a rush of anger. The burn of hurt and betrayal. But she only felt pity. A welcome change.

Nathan leaned over and pressed a kiss to her forehead, then stood.

She caught his hand. The move had been instinctual, unconscious, and now she didn't know what to do or say when he lifted a quizzical brow.

"What are you going to do?" she asked.

"Load the truck for tomorrow. Find all the people who were looking for me today. Go over the blast protocol with my guys."

"You're ready? To blast?"

"First stage is ready."

"But we don't have cameramen-"

"Jax promised they'd be here first thing. And Marx will be back in the morning." He leaned in and stroked her hair. "Everything is taken care of, honey. Get some rest."

He pulled his hand from hers and stepped away from the bed. Rachel sat up. "Stay." As soon as she realized how confusing that invitation could be, she added, "Just lay down and talk with me a few minutes. I'm too wound up to sleep."

He released a breath and rounded the bed. "Just a few minutes. I have a lot still to do tonight."

On the opposite side of the bed, he stretched out, propped his head on his hand, and stretched his other hand across her waist. "Close your eyes."

She covered his arm with her hands and stroked his tight muscle, warm skin, toyed with the crisp hair on his forearm. "Thanks."

They fell into silence. Rachel couldn't keep her eyes closed, and Nathan didn't nag her again. His gaze remained on her hands stroking his arm, his expression serious.

After a few minutes, he said, "How long were you two together?"

She knew he meant Dante. "Two years."

"Do you still love him?"

"God, no." She lifted her gaze to Nathan's. "I don't think I ever really did."

"Then why the animosity toward your sister?"

"The betrayal," she said. "She's my sister. He was my lover. Other than my parents, there was no one I trusted more."

He nodded. "How did it happen?"

She cleared her throat and threaded their fingers, her gaze on their hands. "I met Dante through my parents. He was the son of one of my father's customers. He was doing his residency at the time, and he was ridiculously busy. I was managing my father's business. We struggled to see each other. And there was always a lot of stress. We tried living together, but it didn't help. He'd just come home from those long hours and fall asleep. But I was looking at the big picture. The long term. I knew the rough times were temporary, so I stuck it out, believing it would pay off in our future."

She was softening the conflict. In reality, they'd moved in together to alleviate Dante's financial struggle. She'd worked, making twice what he did in residency. All his money went to paying off his loans, so all Rachel's went to their living expenses. She'd done that believing in the future Dante had continually promised her.

"After residency, he got a fellowship back east. It was an increase in pay with a guarantee of a great paying position when he was finished," she continued. "Stupid me, I thought it was the light at the end of the tunnel, so when he said he wanted to move out there alone and get settled before I moved too, I just saw it as another step in the process."

She sighed and lifted her gaze to the blinds covering the single window. "But Dante never planned on having me move. He was done with the relationship and took a cowardly way out. After six months of cat-and-mouse, he told me he was seeing someone else. Then told me it was Nicole."

The memory still felt like a knife in her gut. "They saw each other at my cousin's wedding in Martha's Vineyard and slept together that first night-just a month after he'd moved. They kept up the affair, flying back and forth across the US to see each other in secret. On a long weekend, I hopped a flight to surprise him-"

"Oh no..."

"Yes." She closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead, forcing the memory away. "It was ugly. They had been screwing for five months while I still thought Dante and I were together. Man, I've never felt like such a fool."

When she paused, he asked, "How long ago was that?"

"About six months," she said. "My father's sister passed away right around the same time. She didn't get along with my father but loved Nicole and me and left us her house here in LA. My parents weren't happy with Nicole and Dante, but our family had always been so close, the rift between my sister and me was killing them. They wanted what we'd always had, and since I was always the giver in the family and Nicole was always the taker, they expected me to forgive, forget, and accept Nicole and Dante's relationship."

Nathan made a deep sound of disapproval in his throat. One she deeply appreciated.

"I decided-"

"Not to let them walk all over you anymore and left." He tightened his arm around her and kissed her temple. "Good girl."

"I bought out Nicole's half of my aunt's house with the money I'd been saving for...of all the stupid things...a wedding. It's the smartest thing I've ever done."

"Except for taking me home from the bar. That was fucking brilliant."

She laughed. "That's debatable."

"Not to me," he murmured against her hair before kissing her there. "So that's the root of your aversion to a serious relationship."

She shrugged. "It wasn't a conscious decision. Not at first. Not until I came to LA, met Rubi, and saw how much fun she had with the single life."

"Um...she's in a relationship that sounds pretty serious to me."

"Yeah, now. But Rubi's had a long history of sex-only relationships, and I envied her freedom, and the way she was never upset by moving on from one guy to the next. I wanted that."

He stroked her hair again, and from the corner of her eye, she saw him look down at her. "You know not all guys are like Dante. You know I'd never do anything like that to you, right?"

She sputtered a laugh and met his gaze. "Nathan, I hardly know anything about you. This is totally different. I knew you were leaving from day one."

He held her gaze, his eyes soft in a way that made her stomach float and tighten in dread at the same time. "What if I didn't?"

She frowned. "Didn't what?"

"Didn't leave," he said, lowering his gaze so he wasn't meeting her eyes.

"What...does that mean?" A streak of panic slid through her chest. "What are you talking about?"

"I mean..." He shrugged, still not meeting her eyes. "What if I came back between tours?"

The alarm burned hotter. She pushed up on her elbow and faced him. "Nathan." She waited until he met her gaze again and read the confusion there. "You're not making sense."

He didn't respond at first. Just searched her eyes, his fingers tightening on hers. "What if...I didn't volunteer to extend my tours and came back to the States in between? Would you see me again?"

Holy. Fuck.

An unwelcome thrill sang down her spine. "You...can do that?"

He lifted a shoulder, noncommittal.

"If you can do that, why haven't you done it before? Why do you stay overseas for years at a time?"

His head tipped, his gaze lowered to her mouth. "I've...never had someone to come home to before. I never had any reason to return to the States."

Her lips parted, but she couldn't find anything to say. Her brain was spinning. Her heart twisting.

He kissed her forehead and lowered his head to the pillow, pulling her close and tucking her head beneath his chin. "Close your eyes, baby. Get some rest."

Rachel lay against him, their fingers still twined, his other hand combing through her hair. She squeezed her eyes shut and let out a long breath of frustration. The first man she'd been seriously attracted to since Dante, and he could only commit to a relationship for a few weeks out of every year.

She had the worst damn luck with men.

19

Ryker waited as Charlie inspected the last cluster of blasting holes the crew had drilled into the bridge's asphalt and scanned the safety perimeter again, looking for Rachel. Everyone on the site was there, waiting for the final check, the all clear, the countdown.

But no Rachel.

He rested his hands at his hips and glanced down at Charlie, where his partner's gloved hands checked every connection between the cylinders of RDX imbedded in the bridge's roadway. Ryker would make the final check before they called it good, a double-tiered safety measure Marx had been pleased with-the first element of this whole fucking scene the guy hadn't argued about.

He turned and looked toward Jax, positioned half a mile away on a wide flat spot on a hillside. Three Eurocopter Squirrels sat ready to lift off, cameras strapped to several different locations on each chopper. Marx stood nearby, arms crossed, watching Charlie and Ryker make their rounds. When he lifted binoculars to his eyes, Ryker flipped him the bird, then crossed his arms, and scanned the crowd again.

Still no Rachel.

The niggling sense of dread that had taken root the moment he'd left her cabin the night before after she'd finally fallen asleep deepened. He'd gone too far with his "what if." He hadn't heard from her all day, when he usually talked with her half a dozen times about job-related details. And she wasn't the only one spooked by that little brain twist of his. Every time he pictured himself telling his men he was leaving them to go home to shack up with a chick, he felt sick with guilt. With failure.

But Rachel wasn't just any chick.

"Looks good." Charlie pushed to his feet and lifted his gaze to the horizon, where the sun had just started lowering in the sky. "How much time have we got?"

Ryker checked the sundial app on his phone. One Rachel had told him had been designed and created by Rubi. The script called for the scene to run at sunset. To make all three scenes match up on film so editors could cut and splice the three together to create a cohesive, realistic climactic car chase across the bridge, they had to run this blast and the final blast at the same moment in sunset as they'd filmed Wes speeding across the bridge three weeks ago, before Ryker had even landed in California. Which gave them a very small window for filming.

"Nineteen minutes." He crouched and made the final check of the blasting caps and wires. Calculated the millisecond delays between each mini-blast in his head to make sure they would mimic automatic rifle fire. Reevaluated the angle of the drilling to verify the end result would appear as if the fire was coming from above and behind, where the choppers would have been if this were a real incident.

He took a deep breath and pulled the radio from his belt. "Chamberlin, we're a go here."

Jax acknowledged, and the pilots milling around him climbed into their choppers. Ryker and Charlie started toward the end of the bridge and the command post, where central communication and detonation had been set up.

"Hey," Charlie said. "Think we could let Ray call out the countdown? He's so jazzed about this blasting gig, I think he might be hooked."

Ryker chuckled. "Got yourself a little protege, do you?"

Charlie grinned. "He's got big potential. Giving guys like that little treats along the way keeps them interested, and calling the countdown would give him a thrill."

"Fine with me." Ryker scanned the crowd again but didn't spot Rachel. Unease squeezed his gut. "Let's make a final check with Brad that everyone's been accounted for. I don't see Rachel."

Charlie's brow fell in concern. They turned off the bridge and climbed the hill toward the temporary shelter they'd built as the command post, and he paused, turning to scan the crowd. "Brad coordinated with two deputies from the sheriff's office to make sweeps of the danger zone and make sure no one was left behind... Wait, there she is."

Charlie pointed and lifted his hand in a wave. Ryker followed his gesture and found Rachel at the helipad, standing next to Marx. She lifted her hand and wave back. Relief flashed first, then annoyance as Marx dropped his head close to hers and said something that made her look at him.

"Then we're good to go." Ryker turned away from the sight of them together and continued up the hill.

They met Ray, Brad, the county fire marshall and a sherriff's deputy at the command post. They had fire and law enforcement personnel standing by at various locations around the site. Ray handed them all ear protection, and Ryker pulled his radio again. "Get those birds in the air, and we'll start the countdown."

"You got it."

Jax made a circular motion with his arm, and the choppers lifted into the air one by one, angling away from each other and hovering into position-one on either side of the bridge, one directly overhead. Cameramen had been harnessed into the choppers and manned the cameras mounted in the open rear doorways.

"Beginning initial countdown," Jax said over the radio.

"Roger that," Ryker answered, then turned. "Ray. Get your ass out there with the bullhorn and call the countdown."

He jerked a muffler off one ear, his dark eyes wide. "Me?"

He sounded like a little kid, and Ryker laughed. "Is there another Ray here?"

Charlie tossed him the bullhorn, and the smile that brightened Ray's face could have provided enough light to illuminate the camp for twenty-four hours. He secured his mufflers again and stepped outside the hut, watching the choppers circle into position.

"Wait until they signal," Ryker called, sliding his ear protectors into place. As soon as the choppers banked back toward the bridge, the one in the middle flashed its lights. "You're on, Ray."

Charlie, already secure with his own ear protection, picked up the ignition controller, and Ryker pressed his palms against the ledge of the window of bulletproof glass.

"Five," Ray started through the bullhorn. Adrenaline rushed Ryker's blood, and he leaned forward in anticipation. "Four. Three."

The choppers swooped into place.

"Two. One," Ray continued. "Fire in the hole! Fire in the hole!"

The first row of explosions ripped off with a perfect rat-a-tat-tat rhythm. Then the next. And the next. And they continued to light off with perfect precision as the filming choppers followed the progression in powerful, quick sweeps along the bridge.

Then it was over, the last row of explosions complete, the choppers swooping away and turning back toward the landing pad.

A slap on the back drew Ryker's focus. He glanced over his shoulder and found everyone clapping and grinning, which was when he realized he couldn't hear them-and it wasn't because of the ear mufflers. Everything seemed to move in slow motion, and only that dark buzz sounded in his ears.

Charlie pulled Ryker's headset off, his smile tightening in concern. "You all right, buddy?"

He rubbed at his ears, his hearing slowly returning. "Sure, sure."

"Then why aren't you howling with success?"

He didn't know. "I can't tell what it will look like on camera. I only know it went off as we planned."

Charlie squeezed Ryker's shoulder and pointed through the glass. "That's how it went."

Ryker looked that direction and found Jax clapping over his head. He'd been looking at an iPad that played back the footage of the filming immediately. But what thrilled Ryker was the sight of Rachel jumping up and down next to Jax, her hands meeting in enthusiasm. That was what told Ryker the footage was really good.

A thrill coursed through his chest, twining with something deeper, richer, something brimming with emotion. That finally brought a smile to his face and relief to his shoulders. He straightened, turned to the others, and shook hands, bumped fists, accepted congratulations.

When he turned back, his gaze seeking the sight of Rachel, he found her wrapped in a hug with Marx. His grin faded, and his chest compressed.

Charlie slapped Ryker's back again. "Come on, buddy. Let's make sure they all blew, then celebrate."

Ryker focused hard on each hole he and the team had drilled and stuffed with RDX, making sure no explosive, no undetonated blasting cap was left behind.

By the time they cleared the bridge, Rachel was long gone, and the other members of the staff drifted back toward base camp.

"Go grab a shower, boss," Charlie said. "The boys and I will clean up."

Ryker didn't want a shower. He wanted to talk to Rachel. Gauge her mood. Read her eyes. "Nah, I'm here until we put it all to bed."

"We got this, boss." Ray's grin was infectious. "Go on. You deserve a break."

Ryker glanced around the bridge. There wasn't much to clean up, and he relented. "Call if you need me."

He hustled down the hill with a mix of anticipation and fear forming a knot in his belly. When he stopped in at the office, it was dark. Then he heard laughter coming from the dining room and turned that direction. Peering through the lit windows, he found Rachel mixing drinks for the crew. Disappointment lowered his shoulders. He planted his hands on his hips and paced a large circle. Going in and getting trapped in the celebration wasn't what he wanted. He wanted Rachel. Alone.

He blew out a breath and paced another circle, staring at his feet. Maybe he'd go shower and check back.

The dining room door opened, and voices and laughter spilled into the night. The screen squeaked, and Ryker looked up. Rachel came through the door and closed it behind her.

"Hey," she said. "Are you coming in?"

"Uh, no," he said. "I'm not in the mood for more noise."

She crossed her arms and stepped off the small porch. "What are you doing out here?"

He tried a smile, but nerves made it falter. Freaking nerves. What the hell? "I haven't talked to you all day." Not exactly an answer. "How's your hand?"

She lifted her injured hand and curled her fingers into a fist. "Sore but okay." She took another step toward him. "Congratulations. That went off perfectly. Josh was impressed, and Jax was stoked."

His smile came easier. "That's great."

"You got back fast," she said. "I thought you'd be out cleaning up for a while." She gestured toward the dining room. "We've got cupcakes inside. Chocolate." She grinned. "Or I can make you a drink-"

An explosion ripped through the night. Alarm streaked down Ryker's spine and raised gooseflesh over his entire body. He spun toward the bridge, his mind tearing from his thoughts of Rachel. And ran.

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. It was the only thought that filled his mind for the first half of the run up the hill. The second half of the climb brought all the horrific possibilities. He must have missed a live plug of RDX in the post check. His mind skipped from Charlie to Ray to Brad to visions of Mike, and every thought was worse than the last, each growing worse until Ryker's mind rattled in his skull.

He heard the screaming before he'd rounded the embankment and hit the asphalt. Screams that ripped at Ryker's skin and tore his heart out of his chest. Screams that transported him back to Kandahar in an instant.

He spotted a group of shadows at the middle of the bridge and sprinted. By the time he reached the men, his mind had gone numb. He dropped into a crouch beside the one curled on the ground-Ray. It was Ray. Charlie knelt beside the younger man, Brad stood nearby, hands on his head, eyes wide with horror.

"Fuck, my hand!" Ray's scream sounded garbled to Ryker's ringing ears, like he was under water. "My hand!"

"Light," he said, afraid to reach out until he could see what they were dealing with. "Someone give me light."

A flashlight clicked on. Ryker snatched it and turned it on Ray, searching for his hands. "We've got you, buddy. We've got-"

Ryker's stomach turned to rock. Ray's left hand was covered in blood-and missing three fingers. The other two barely held on by skin and bone.

"Brad, first aid kit," he said.

Brad slowly walked backward, expression still dazed.

"Brad!" Ryker shouted. "First aid kit. Now."

"Y-yeah," he sputtered before he turned and ran to the nearest truck.

"Okay, buddy," Ryker said, barely able to hear his own voice beneath the buzz. "I'm lifting your hand above your head." He gripped the man's wrist, found his pulse, and pressed his thumb over the artery hard. Ray screamed and pulled back, but Ryker held tight. "Hold on, man. Hold on. Charlie, shine that light on him. Ray, are you hurt anywhere else?"

"I...I...don't know," he croaked, his voice drowning in pain.

Ryker scanned his face, wiped at some blood to see if it was hiding an injury or just blowback. "How's your vision? Your hearing?"

"I...I don't know. My hand hurts so bad I can't feel anything else. Fuck!"

A toolbox hit the ground, and Ryker ripped open the top with his free hand, then ordered, "Get me the Celox gauze and bandages, Charlie. Silver packages."

He groped the ground for the flashlight Charlie had set down and shone it on Ray's hand again. The sight of bright white bone surrounded by ravaged red tissue kicked off similar images in his head. Ryker's stomach pitched. His mind slid sideways.

"I called for an ambulance." The female voice behind him startled Ryker, and he turned his head quickly. Too quickly. His head spun, and he tipped off balance, catching himself with a clank of the flashlight on asphalt. Rachel's face gazed back at him from the shadows, fear swamping her expression.

"What can I do?"

"We can't wait. I'll drive him," he rasped, clawing at the bits and pieces of his mind trying to scatter. "Fingers. Need to find his fingers. Take them with us."

Color drained from her face, but she pushed to her feet, and the beam of her flashlight scanned the ground. More voices and shadows filtered into Ryker's mind of mush, but the sound of ripping drew Ryker's gaze back to Charlie just in time to grab the gauze shoved his way.

He handed the flashlight to Charlie. "Hold this." Then to anyone at large, he yelled, "Someone get a vehicle over here. Someone hold his arm."

Marx dropped into a crouch beside Charlie and gripped Ray's arm. "How did this happen? Why was he handling explosives?"

"Keep pressure on his artery," Ryker said, dismissing Marx's questions, then to Ray, "Hold tight, buddy, this is gonna hurt."

With gritted teeth, Ryker focused on the missing fingers and packed the blood-clotting gauze on the stumps.

"Ah!" Ray screamed and jerked. "Ah!"

Marx held tight, immobilizing his arm. "Almost done. Stay tough."

Ryker wound the clotting bandage over and around the gauze and secured the end. The sight of severed body parts, the screaming, the blood-they crowded his brain, and Ryker fought to hold on to his mind.

Ray's cries quieted, and his expression turned slack and glazed. "He's going into shock." He looked over his shoulder. "Where's that vehicle?" He turned back to Ray and tapped his face. "Stay with me. We're getting you to help, buddy, just hold on."

A truck stopped at the edge of the bridge, and Ryker pulled Ray's good arm across his shoulders, then lifted the man to his feet. "I got you, Mikey. I'm here. Won't leave you, buddy."

Reality seemed to toggle back and forth in his mind. Ray and Mike. Ray and Mike. And no matter how hard he tried, Ryker couldn't keep his mind from straying to that horrifying day...

Ryker forced it from his mind as he bent, gripped Ray's thighs, and lifted him over his shoulder, then hustled toward the headlights.

He lowered Ray to the seat and climbed in beside him, catching sight of Jax's profile in the driver's seat. Ryker didn't even have the door closed before he was yelling, "Go, go, go."

Tires ground on gravel, and the truck shot forward. Ryker gripped Ray's wrist and held it over his head to hinder blood flow. "Hang tough, Mikey. We'll be at the hospital soon. They'll get you fixed up."

Before they'd reached the main highway, Ray had fallen unconscious. But Ryker kept his fingers pressed to the main artery feeding Ray's hand, and his pulse was strong.

When they were on the freeway, speeding through the dark, Jax said, "He's breathing, right? He's got a pulse?"

"Yeah. Just passed out."

In the passenger's seat, Charlie turned and glanced over his shoulder. "Rachel found three fingers."

Ryker slammed his eyes shut and spewed a stream of curses. "When I said find his fingers, I didn't expect her to do it." He dropped his head back against the seat. "Jesus Christ."

"Don't underestimate her," Jax said. "She's as tough as they come."

Maybe on the outside, but inside... Inside she had a heart of liquid gold that spilled with every stick.

"Do you think they'll really be able to do something with them?" Charlie asked.

Images of Carmello's severed limbs flashed in Ryker's head. All the blood. The terror and pain in his voice. Ryker swallowed and rolled his head back and forth on the seat. "A better chance than if we didn't have them."

"Fuck," Charlie breathed, paused, then asked, "Ry, who's Mikey?"

His stomach iced over. "What?"

"Mikey. You were calling Ray Mikey."

Christ. He knew he'd been thinking about Mike but hadn't known he'd swapped his name with Ray's.

He ground his teeth. Forced everything from the past out of his mind. Focused hard on the moment. "Nobody. I just...got confused."

Rachel startled awake to the sound of her cell. She lifted her head from her arms and straightened from where she'd slumped on the dining room table, waiting for word on Ray. And Nathan. When Nathan had carried Ray into the truck, he hadn't looked a whole lot better than the man missing fingers.

She saw CHARLIE on the display and hit Answer. "Charlie?" she said, breathless, glancing at the clock on the wall. It was 2:00 a.m. "What's happening?"

"He's out of surgery," Charlie said, his voice rough and tired. "They replaced all his fingers, but won't know how well it will take for a few days."

Rachel flashed back to the image of a severed finger in her flashlight beam, and her stomach rolled toward her throat for the tenth time since she'd picked them up. She still had no idea how she'd done it.

"Okay," she said, disappointed there wasn't better, more miraculous news. "How's Ryker?"

"Uh..." His voice trailed off, then grew quieter. "Not great. How long has he had this PTSD?"

"PT what?" It sounded familiar, but her brain wasn't functioning well at all.

"Posttraumatic stress," Charlie said, voice low. "This triggered something bad for him. He hasn't stopped pacing. He's pale, jittery, irritable, and fragmented."

"He's broken-on the inside. He's hurting in a place that can't always be healed." Troy's words filled her head.

"I'm, um, not sure, but I think it was relatively recent."

"Well, we're headed out. Ray's going to be sleeping for a while. His parents are on their way from Ukiah. They'll be here when he wakes up."

A fist of pain gripped Rachel's heart out of nowhere, and she grimaced. An accident was an accident, but she was tortured over how this accident would affect Nathan. "Charlie?" she said before he hung up. "Do you... I don't know, do you think I should call Troy? To be here for Ryker?"

He hesitated. "Hard to say since I don't know him all that well, but my guess would be no. I think he's going to need you more."

Rachel disconnected and dropped her head into her hands. Thoughts pinged through her mind in all directions.

The door opened behind her and she lifted her head, glancing over her shoulder. Josh sauntered in, his hair a wild mess, his shirt untucked, his eyes tired, and-unless she wasn't reading him wrong-haunted like Ryker's.

So many secrets, she thought, turning to face him.

"Hey," she said. "What did you find out?"

He pulled out a chair , propped his forearms on the table, and turned the charred piece of metal between his fingers. "It wasn't his fault," he said, his voice flat and exhausted. "It wasn't anyone's fault, really." He dropped the metal on the table as if he couldn't stand to hold it any longer and sat back. "Bad cap."

"Bad cap?" she asked, wondering if she'd missed part of their conversation.

"The blasting cap," he gestured toward the metal. "It was defective. When Ray was picking up supplies to put them away, it went off in his hand."

Rachel exhaled long and slow, staring at the metal, knowing the fact that it was just defective wouldn't help any of the men deal with this better, but it sure as hell would alleviate Nathan's conscience.

"This is why I'm such a hard-ass for precision," Josh said. "Because I may not be able to stop the true accidents, like this one, but I can minimize the careless mistakes, so these incidents happen less often. In this case"-he shook his head-"there was no way for any of them to know and no way to stop it from happening. That cap just came from the factory defective. It was the luck of the draw. Ray ended up with the short stick, but it could have just as easily been Charlie or Ryker."

Josh met Rachel's gaze, and she saw that the sharpness had returned. "In fact, it should have been Ryker. He should have been the one cleaning up and putting supplies away. He should have seen the explosion through to the end. Put it to bed himself."

She stiffened. "You just said it was an accident that wasn't his fault."

"Yeah, but-"

"No." She pushed her chair back and stood. "Nowhere in the SOP did you require Ryker and only Ryker to handle the blast beyond the post check for undetonated explosives. Charlie is licensed and qualified as well. He was just as capable of handling the cleanup."

Josh's jaw hardened; his gaze turned smoky. And he opened his mouth to say something that might just push Rachel over the edge.

She lifted her hand and held it out in a stop gesture. "Don't, Josh. You're not being fair. You haven't been fair to Ryker from the start, and it's becoming a problem. I'm not going to stand by and watch you dig into a wound that's already been ripped open again."

His lips pressed into a stubborn line of determination.

"I know that look. And let me just tell you right now, if you don't put your self-involved issues away, I'll call Precision." She had no idea what she'd say, but he didn't know that. She lowered her chin and bluffed. "And you won't like what I tell them."

His shoulders fell. "Rach-"

"Jax, Charlie and Ryker are on their way back now. Ray is out of surgery, but they won't know anything for a few days." She turned and started for the door. "I'm tired. I'm going to bed." She paused at the door and looked back one last time. "Don't forget what I said."

She was shaking when she stepped out of the dining room. Shaking with anger, with fear, with heartache. In her room, she undressed and pulled on sleeping shorts and a tank, then settled into the rocker and watched out the window. It seemed to take forever for the truck's headlights to appear. Trying to keep her mind from replaying the night's horrible event, she thought back to the night before and the way it felt to have Ryker beside her as she'd fallen asleep.

"What if...I didn't volunteer to extend my tours and came back to the States in between? Would you see me again?"

His words skittered through her heart, creating both excitement and apprehension. He was clearly a troubled man. A troubled man returning to the melee that had created that shadow on his soul. That couldn't be healthy. It was one thing to fall off a horse and get back on. It was another to throw yourself into a pen of wild horses and expect to ride every one without getting hurt. And if his returning to Afghanistan wasn't healthy for him, it was twice as unhealthy for Rachel, because she would not only take on his struggle but battle her own at the same time. Agreeing to a long-distance relationship with Ryker was simply setting herself up for heartbreak-the very thing she promised herself never to do again.

Headlights finally appeared down the long drive leading into the ranch, and Rachel's breath caught. Her gut tightened. And her heart ached. She may not be able to take care of him after he left, but she could be here for him now.

The truck slowed and dropped Ryker off in front of his bunkhouse. Rachel crossed her arms and fisted her hands as Jax and Charlie continued down the drive and out of sight. She scraped her lower lip between her teeth when the light in his cabin didn't go on. She glanced at her cell, but she hadn't missed any texts or calls. Maybe he'd just dropped into bed.

"This triggered something bad for him," Charlie had said.

Thinking about him alone in that room, probably blaming himself for Ray's injuries, pushed her to her feet. He could send her away if he wanted, but she couldn't just sit here, sleepless another night, knowing he was hurting.

Rachel slipped on her flip-flops by the door and crossed her arms against the chill air as she hurried across the drive to his room. At the door, she found herself breathing too hard for the quick jog and tried to catch her breath.

She bit her lip, raised her hand, and closed her eyes for a moment, second-guessing her decision to intrude. He might want to be alone. Even if he didn't want to be alone, he might not want to see her.

"Too damn bad," she murmured and let her hand fall against the door three times.

20

When no one answered, Rachel knocked again. "Nathan? It's Rachel."

Again nothing. Unease trickled through her gut. She turned her ear to the door, closed her eyes to isolate sounds, and heard the shower running. She exhaled in relief and tried the knob. It turned in her hand. She pushed the door open and peeked in. The bathroom door stood open, the light on, the shower door closed, but Nathan's big, tanned body showed behind the wavy glass. He was facing the spray, both hands on the wall, head hung.

The stance was so defeated. So...broken. And Rachel's heart twisted.

She closed the door behind her, took a few steps toward the bathroom, and called, "Nathan? It's Rachel."

"Not a good time." He spoke without moving, and he sounded horrible, his voice rough, exhausted, and dark.

"That's why I'm here."

He didn't respond.

"I just wanted to make sure you're okay." She eased toward the bathroom until she was standing in the doorway. Her gaze lowered to the pile of clothes on the floor-and all the blood still staining them. The almost full, uncapped liter of vodka sitting on the floor beside them.

"No," he muttered. "I'm not okay. Which is why you need to leave."

Unease and sorrow gripped her at the same time. He sounded like a completely different man. Hard and cold. But she knew that wasn't the real Nathan. At least not the Nathan she knew.

Then she remembered all she'd learned about the Rangers and realized there had to be some part of him that was very hard and very cold to kill the way Rangers reportedly killed.

She swallowed and took another two steps into the bathroom. Still, he didn't move behind the glass. She wanted...needed...to help him. But she'd experienced the painful attempts of others trying to help her when she'd discovered Nicole and Dante's relationship, and wouldn't presume to know what he needed at a traumatic time like this.

"I want to help," she said. "I just don't know how."

He slid the shower door open with a swipe of his hand. A motion so fast and fierce, the glass slammed against the wall and Rachel jumped. When he turned his head, stormy gray eyes peered out from beneath dark, wet hair, dripping water.

"You want to help?" he asked, clearly challenging. "Then get in here."

For a long moment, she didn't know what he meant. Then Troy's words trickled back in again. "He's been doing it with a different woman every night for the last month in New Orleans. He was spiraling."

So he'd been using sex to keep the horrific memories-whatever those were-at bay. It made a twisted sort of sense. Rachel buried herself in her work to forget. Nathan buried himself in women-literally.

"That's what I thought." He closed the shower door with another slam. "Leave the lights off on your way out."

She gritted her teeth and reached for the door, sliding it back even harder than he had. It banged against the wall and rattled. "Knock it off-" was all she got out before he fisted her tank top and dragged her to him. His mouth covered hers, and his other hand closed on the back of her head, holding her to him as his tongue drove between her lips and took everything he wanted. A sound of surprise popped from her throat, but Nathan drank it, fisting her hair and eating at her mouth until she couldn't breathe. Until she was soaked from his body, from the splashing water.

He pushed her away as suddenly as he'd yanked her close, his eyes heavy and hungry and so very needy on hers. "Last chance to leave," he rasped. "I'm not feeling friendly, so what you're going to get if you stay isn't anything like I've given you in the past."

A thrill snaked down her spine and flooded her with heat.

"Stop giving me those hungry eyes, Hart," he said, growing angrier. "You don't want this. You don't want me like this. So get the fuck out of here before I do something we'll both regret."

Oh, but she did. She wanted him exactly like this. Twisted or not, she craved a look at the most damaged part of him.

She didn't bother with her clothes, just pressed a hand to his chest and pushed him backward, making room for her to step into the shower.

"You stupid girl," he growled.

She pressed her fingers to his lips as the water soaked her. "I may be foolish, I may be naive, but I'm not stupid, Nathan. Nor am I a girl. Nor am I near as fragile as everyone thinks. And I know what you want."

She held his gaze, which glittered as he stared at her with a mixture of disbelief and relief, hunger and regret.

With the water spraying off his shoulders, she stepped back and gripped the bar on the door with one hand, pressed the other to her hip. His gaze slipped over her body-the white tank, now plastered to her breasts and belly, her soaked shorts almost falling off her hips. His jaw muscle jumped, and his eyes turned dark. The raw hunger on his face was a potent aphrodisiac, and she wasn't about to let him out of here without one of them ending this encounter with a screaming climax. "Are you going to take what you need? Or did I call your bluff?"

His gaze jumped back to hers and held only a second before his arm snaked out and clutched her waist. He pulled her toward him so fast, her back arched with the momentum. Nathan's head bent, and he pulled the nipple of one breast into his mouth, sucking at it through the cotton tank. Sensation bolted through her body, spreading through her breast and slamming her sex. Rachel cried out and fisted his hair.

His mouth was wickedly unrelenting, sucking and biting until the edge of pain joined her pleasure. With both his hands at her back, his mouth forcefully attacking her breast, Rachel bowed and gripped the bar on the door for support.

His hands groped lower, gripping her ass and pulling her up to rub his erection between her legs.

"Jesus," she murmured, eyes closed, absorbing the wild whirlwind of passion. "Nathan."

He growled, pulled his head back, and shoved her tank roughly up her chest, exposing her before lowering his mouth to the other breast. The feel of his hot mouth on her tender flesh shot lust through every cell in her body, and she moaned at the delicious sensation.

His hands lowered, squeezing her ass, dragging at her shorts until they fell in a slosh to the tub. Then Nathan dropped to his knees, turned her, and pushed her against the cold wall. The chill shocked her.

"Oh my-" she started, then Nathan's mouth opened over her sex, and she finished, "God," with a whole new thrill.

Nathan jerked one thigh up and over his shoulder, then the other, taking her completely off her feet. Being trapped between the wall and Nathan's mouth made her feel completely out of control, giving her an uneasy kick of excitement. His hands gripped her ass and pulled her into his mouth even as his lips and tongue covered and ravaged her. A blast of heat and pressure rocketed through her.

"Ah, fuck..." She squeezed her eyes shut and dropped her head against the wall as his tongue stroked every millimeter of her folds, his lips dragging her clit between them to suck until she arched and lifted into his mouth. "Fuck, Nathan..."

Almost there...she rode the orgasm's sharp edge. Nathan pulled back, curled his tongue, and plunged deep. Pulled out to stroke her entrance roughly, then plunged again. Pulled out to stroke, then drove his tongue home again. The wet, hot pressure was maddening, erotic, naughty, decadent, wicked, everything she'd labeled as a "shouldn't" all her life. And if this was a "shouldn't," she was definitely abandoning them.

"Nathan... Jesus... Please..." She clenched her glutes, lifting into his mouth, and he growled against all the sensitive tissues. She slapped one hand against the wall, searching for leverage, but it slipped. Her palm landed on something hard and round-the handle on the soap dish. She gripped it and used it to push her hips up and into his mouth. "Yes, yes. God..."

Closer. Closer. Closer... She inched toward orgasm. He was so proficient at keeping climax just out of reach, and when she finally reached the pinnacle, she exploded. And she needed to explode now.

He gripped her ass with a growl, pulled her pussy to his mouth, and feasted without relief. Rachel immediately climaxed again, the orgasm slamming through her pussy, pleasure rolling through her hips, her legs, her belly.

Before she'd even stopped shivering, Nathan stood and pushed his cock into her pussy. Rachel gasped, and her eyes flew open. She wrapped her arms around his neck, but he kept her pressed against the wall.

"Condom," she breathed, her mind still spinning.

"I won't come," he said, looking directly into her eyes. "I want to feel you wrapped around me, pumping me. I want to feel your pussy begging me to come."

He brought his mouth down on hers before she could respond, and immediately thrust deep inside her. She made a sound of pleasure and pain in her throat, but Nathan didn't pause. He stroked her tongue with his, his hips forceful and steady as he drove himself deep on every thrust. And while he was inside her, he ground his pubic bone against her clit. With all her tissues already swollen and sensitive, she climbed fast, and before she even knew it was coming, the orgasm hit-stronger and sharper than the others.

She tore her mouth from his and pressed her face to his neck, muffling her scream of pleasure. Then, as fast as it came, the ripping pleasure eased, and Rachel found her legs too exhausted to remain wrapped around his hips.

Without a word, he turned off the water and lifted her from the wall, holding her tight as he stepped over the tub edge. Three steps and he lowered her to his bed, then reached for his nightstand. He pulled a condom, ripped it open, and slid it on, his jaw tight, focus complete. Then he tore the little package of lube with his teeth and squeezed it into his hand.

He gripped his cock with one hand and spread it over the length with the other. The sight might have been even more erotic than what he'd just done to her in the shower, and her heart beat faster. Then he gripped her knees, pulled her wide, and slid his wet fingers between her legs. She gasped at another blast of cold.

He stroked one long finger inside her, pushing it against her front wall with small circles. The sensation created a delicious fullness, and Rachel's back lifted and curved. He withdrew, added a finger, and pushed deeper. Never once, did he take his gaze off her pussy, off the sight of his fingers sliding inside her. She reached between her legs and stroked her hand over the length of his cock pressed against her thigh. His eyes fell closed, his jaw clenched, and he covered her hands with his, squeezing tighter, stroking from tip to balls, tip to balls.

Then, without warning, he moved his cock to her entrance, pulled his fingers out, and sank in.

He stretched her until her throat closed and her head fell back. Nathan's palms pressed her inner thighs open, spreading her until her pelvis ached. When his balls pressed hard against Rachel's body, he withdrew and thrust again. Faster. Harder. Rachel sucked air and gripped his forearms. Still, he didn't look at her-he watched his cock drive into her pussy. His eyes were dark, his face tight with lust and pain. He seemed to lose himself a little more with each stroke, until the lover Rachel knew was all but gone, here only in body. And he drove that body to the brink.

Fast and hard, he pushed into her, over and over, his fingers bruising as they gripped her thighs wide. Standing on the floor, he used the strength of his legs to drive his hips, his pelvis hitting her clit. The head of his cock rubbing that crazy spot deep in her body.

Despite the pain, despite the disconnection, Rachel rose quickly. "Nathan..." she breathed. "I'm...I'm gonna..."

Slam. The orgasm hit her. Her body arched and twisted. Her breath caught in her lungs. Still, Nathan drove on, the only sign he realized she'd come the way his hands grew harder, holding her still, and a growl when her pussy spasmed around his cock.

Pump. Pump. Pump. He kept driving, and driving, and driving. And as she bottomed out, an instant of clarity made her realize Nathan wasn't just seeking distraction from the horrible incident with Ray. He was trying to fuck the trauma in Afghanistan out of his mind. And even though Rachel was wrung out, and pain now flowed through her hip joints, an ache had developed in her ass, and her pussy was nearly raw despite the lube, her body still tightened toward climax again.

"Nathan," she begged. "I can't... I can't..." But her body made a liar out of her. All the pressure and friction gathered into another wave of excruciating ecstasy and dragged her toward the edge again. "God..."

He drove deep, pressed his pelvic bone to her clit, and pumped his hips in short, powerful strokes. Rachel's climax erupted , shot a thrill straight to her core, and shivered uncontrollably as Nathan continued to drive a mini burst of orgasms through her body, one after the other after the other, as if he had a finger on the control button and just kept pressing it.

"Na-than... Please... Stop..."

He stilled, breathing hard, eyes squeezed tight. He brought one knee up on the bed between her legs and dropped his forehead to her shoulder. "I can't...come." His voice was tight, frustrated. "I just can't...get off, goddammit."

Now that he'd stopped moving, even more discomfort rushed to the foreground. Pulls and aches in her lower back, her thighs, places deep in her body she couldn't even pinpoint.

"You're thinking too hard." With her heart aching, she lifted her hands to his face. "Look at me."

He shook his head. "Can't."

"Nathan." She combed her fingers through his hair. "Look at me."

He exhaled heavily, then lifted his head and cracked his lids. She pulled his mouth to hers and kissed him. He groaned and kissed her back with a desperate passion. His body began to move again, and Rachel grimaced against the discomfort, but kept kissing him.

"Baby," he murmured against her lips. "Jesus...so good..." He thrust-slowly, deeply-and his orgasm peaked within seconds. He plunged deep as he emptied, his sounds of release filled with relief.

His arms shook, and he collapsed on her, panting. But within a minute, he pulled out, rolled off, and stalked to the bathroom. Rachel lay there, staring at the ceiling.

"What the fuck just happened?" she whispered to herself.

The toilet flushed. The water ran in the sink. Rachel winced as she pushed herself up. Her head swam. A thud nearby drew his gaze. Nathan stood at the dresser, naked. He'd set the vodka bottle on the surface and pulled a T-shirt from the top drawer. When he turned toward her, she saw he was holding her flip-flops and her bundled wet clothes tucked in his arm. Dropping her shoes and clothes at her feet, he opened the T-shirt and pulled it over her head.

"What are you doing?" she asked, holding her arms down when he tried to pull them through the sleeves.

"Giving you something to wear back to your room," he said, his voice as flat as his gaze. "Unless you want to go naked. I doubt anyone is awake anyway."

A chill settled in her chest. She yanked the shirt off her head. "What's going on with you?" He turned away, and Rachel grabbed his hand. "Hey. Talk to me."

He pulled out of her grasp. Dragging a pair of boxer briefs from the drawer, he tugged them on, then gripped the vodka and let the bottle hang by his side. "I don't want to talk, Rachel. And I won't make good company. It would be better for you to go."

He held her gaze with an untouchable air. Rachel felt like she was looking at a different man. Not her funny, sexy Nathan. And the way he could slide into such an indifferent shell signaled a very deep problem.

"He was spiraling. It's one of the reasons I wanted him to do this job. Give him some purpose until he went back to work."

Every instinct in Rachel wanted to gather him in her arms and love him until his pain eased. But, like an injured animal, he just wanted to run. So Rachel gave him what she gave all her macho Renegades-tough love.

"So all you need is a fuck, and you think you're good?" she asked, keeping her tone cool, as if it didn't hurt. "You're done with me, so I can hit the road, huh?"

He closed his eyes, exhaled, and ran a hand over his head. "I'm not fit for company, Rach. And the last thing I want to do right now is talk about this."

"Not even if I told you that Josh discovered the cap was defective?" Feeling vulnerable now, she dragged the T-shirt over her head and stuffed her arms into the sleeves.

"What?" he asked, his face pulled into a scowl.

"Josh found the blasting cap that detonated in Ray's hand. It wasn't one you'd left behind or missed in the post sweep. It was just a defective cap in the storage locker that went off while Ray was putting things away."

His gaze went distant, and a cluster of emotion flashed through in mini bursts-relief, hope, regret-then the gut-wrenching guilt returned, and he looked away. "I should have been the one putting those supplies away, not Ray."

"He wasn't handling the explosives," she said. "Charlie was doing that. Ray was just moving equipment, and when he grabbed the locker holding the blasting caps, it exploded."

"Charlie didn't know that. How would you-"

"Brad," she said. "Charlie was ten yards away, picking up debris that blew off the control hut. When Josh interviewed Brad, he said he and Ray were moving everything back into the truck to return to the stockyard. He and Ray reached for the blasting cap locker at the same time. Ray got it first."

Nathan's free hand lifted to his face. He rubbed his eyes and swore under his breath. "He's just a kid."

"It was an accident, Nathan. A tragic accident. No one could have predicted that cap would blow or when. This is exactly why we buy risk insurance. It's no different than me buying life insurance in case I'm in a car accident."

"I can't...talk about this." He shook his head and dropped his hand. "I'm a miserable human being right now, and you're not going to change that. You need to leave."

"You don't have to talk, and you can be as miserable as you want," she said, crossing her arms. "But I'm not leaving you."

"I can take care of myself," he barked with a ferocious glower. "Just leave me alone."

Before she'd worked for Renegades, Nathan would have easily intimidated her. Now...not even close. She stood, turned and crawled onto the bed, then leaned back against a pillow.

"Rachel, I'm tired-"

"No one's stopping you from lying down. There's plenty of room for two people." She pulled her knees up and slipped them beneath his T-shirt. "Are you going to waste your time arguing, or are you going to get some sleep?"

He swore again and lifted the bottle to his mouth. Rachel winced, knowing that alcohol had to burn going down. Then he lowered the bottle, his expression a similar grimace, and stalked to the bed.

When he lay down, Rachel reached for the bottle. "Share?"

He passed it to her, then dropped his forearm over his eyes. The other hand lay flat against his chest. She didn't take a drink, just held the bottle. And watched the tension slowly ebb from his face as he drifted.

She remained still a long time, letting him sink into sleep. When his breathing found a slow, steady pattern, Rachel quietly set the vodka on the floor beside the bed. Propped up on one elbow, she watched him sleep. Watched his chest rise and fall, watched his fingers twitch against his chest, watched his head occasionally jerk sideways...and wondered if he was dreaming about what happened to Ray or what happened in Afghanistan. Or maybe something that had happened long before that.

Sixteen years he'd endured trauma after trauma for their country. For the men he served with. With another four to go, she couldn't help but wonder if he'd come out of his twenty years-or more, if he chose-alive. If he'd come out intact-physically or mentally.

Rachel's heart reached out to Nathan even while her mind told her to cut her losses. She slid her palm over his cheek, and he stirred but didn't wake. Letting her hand fall to his jaw, she lowered her head to his shoulder and snuggled closer.

Nathan sighed, turned toward her, and eased an arm over her waist, then tugged her close, pressing her body to his. With their legs tangled, his chin resting on her head, he stilled again, and his breathing regulated.

But Rachel couldn't sleep. She didn't want to miss a minute of this unconscious sweetness, just one window into the real man beneath his trauma.

21

The dull clank of cowbells tinkled in Ryker's ears. The sound made the hair on the back of his neck spike. He stepped in ultraslow motion, his gaze scanning the gravel at his feet. The air seemed to buzz with stress. Townspeople frustrated with the interruption of their farmers' market stood behind armored vehicles blocking both ends of the road.

In the distance, dogs barked, chickens clucked, goats-those damned goats with cowbells strung around their necks-bleated, and the murmur of Afghan villagers touched Ryker's ears. He forced every distraction away and inspected the ground immediately in front of him, then in a ten-foot radius, where the team member five feet to Ryker's left and two feet behind-Mike Carmello-did the same. Their five-man team formed a diagonal string across the road where a possible IED had been called in to their EOD unit.

They passed a fruit stand on the left. A shop stacked floor-to-tented-ceiling with birdcages on the right.

"Those watermelons sure look good." This came from Dog, the guy in the center and four feet behind Ryker. "When's the last time we got watermelon in the mess? They should really be buying local merchandise, to support the area, you know?"

"Great way to die of food poisoning," Carmello said. "Or swallow an IED."

"Sure reminds me of summer, though." The wistful voice of Tagger followed, fourth in the line. "Reminds me of clear, cold lagoons, rope swings, long, tan legs in jean cutoffs, string bikinis..."

"Summer?" Dekker said. "You've got to be fuckin' kiddin' me, man. You need to see fruit to remind you of summer when I'm cooking in my own skin?"

Another blazing Afghan day, and they were all wearing fifty pounds of uniform and equipment. Sweat trickled down Ryker's cheek. He couldn't bring himself to participate in the light banter, but he knew it relaxed his team and allowed it to flow, because their eyes, ears, and feet were always sharper when they were relaxed.

A goat darted into the road fifty feet in front of them. All five men raised their weapons in perfect choreography, then froze. Ryker's heart rate spiked. The senses he'd thought were already alert peaked to hypersensitivity. Silence stretched taut across the team. He peered into the shadows of the abandoned tents filled with food and jewelry and fabric, their canvas flaps blowing in the wind. Squinted through the dust skittering along the gravel.

"Where'd he come from?" Carmello asked, his voice low and tight.

No one answered the hypothetical question they were all thinking. Movement dashed through the corner of Ryker's vision. He glanced up and to his left without moving his head. A young Afghani man, early twenties, appeared on the top of a building backing to the street used for the village's farmers' market.

"Dekker." Ryker called to the man on his far right. "We've got eyes. Ten o'clock."

Dekker's weapon swept upward to get a look at the possible threat through his scope. "Got him," Dekker responded. "Appears unarmed."

The brown and white spotted goat stood in the middle of the deserted road, bleating, looking lost. It took a few steps forward, a few steps back, and bleated again.

"Sarg?" Dog said. "Want me to take it out?"

Ryker's stress escalated. He scanned the area near the animal, but couldn't see any evidence of an IED. With townspeople looking on-including a bevy of kids-Ryker weighed the pros and cons of shooting the goat. This war was a goddamned political minefield.

He was just about to give Dog an affirmative, when the goat startled and darted through the tents on the opposite side of the road. When nothing exploded, Ryker's shoulders eased.

"Keep moving," he said. "I want to get the hell off this street."

"Roger that," Dekker said.

Ryker started forward again, his gaze focused hard on the ground at his feet.

No disturbances, no divots, no soft ground.

Step.

No wire, no metal, no plastic.

Step.

"Sarg," Dekker said, his voice rippling in a way that made Ryker's gut turn to ice. "Eyes just pulled out a phone." Then his voice rose, and he yelled, "Put it down! Put the phone down, now!"

The man held both hands up as if in surrender, but still held the phone in one. And grinned. Dekker continued to yell, this time in Pashto. "Preebaasem baabat!"

The goat darted back into the road. This time behind them, and only ten feet away.

Red flags spiked in Ryker's mind. He spun, aimed at the animal-

A child broke through the barricade and came running toward the goat, screaming, arms outstretch. A boy. Maybe six or seven.

Ryker swore and hesitated.

A woman struggled in the crowd behind him, frantic, calling to the boy in Pashto. Telling him it wasn't his goat, and ordering the boy back to her.

Alarm shot up Ryker's spine. He grabbed Carmello's arm with his free hand, lowered his weapon, and screamed, "Cover!"

But the last half of his word never made it out of his mouth. The goat startled and ran-straight for Tagger. The animal was just two feet from Ryker's teammate when the explosion detonated. In slow, vivid, horrifying color, the goat came apart at the seams like a ragdoll in the jaws of a wolf.

The force of the blast rocketed Ryker off his feet. He hit a wall, bounced off, and collided with another member of his team. They ricocheted again, this time off each other. Ryker was thrown back into the fruit stand. He shook it off and saw Carmello rolling away from him, toward the middle of the street.

Ryker rolled to his belly. Panic burned through his body. His vision blurred, dimmed, but he belly-crawled toward Carmello. "Mike! Get out of the street! Mi-"

Another blast rocked the ground and stabbed at Ryker's ears. Debris rained down, trapping him in darkness. He fought to get out. Shoved bricks and poles and pots off him. Struggled out from the tangle of a canvas tarp.

And found carnage.

Tagger was gone. Just gone. Ripped pieces of gear and uniform and bloody body parts scattered everywhere. Dekker lay in a heap nearby, missing legs and the center of his torso.

Ryker screamed for Dog and Carmello but heard nothing-not even his own voice. Reality warped around him like funhouse mirrors. Grit filled his lungs until he couldn't breathe. He forced himself to move, sluggish and painful. He found Dog first, the top half of his body strewn across a vendor's shattered fruit cart, the bottom half twisted in the road surrounded by a pool of blood.

"Ry!"

The yell came to him like he was underwater. He turned, found Carmello, his eyes wide with horror, three of his four limbs scattered around him.

"Ry! Are you okay? Where are the others?"

Ryker crawled over rubble and smashed fruit and unidentifiable debris to reach Mike. He sat up, scanning Mike's body over and over, but he couldn't understand why he was incomplete. Why he was missing pieces. The desire to put him back together like a puzzle consumed him, and he glanced around for his limbs.

"Ry," Mike screamed, jerking Ryker's jacket with his one arm. His only arm. Ryker couldn't understand. "You're bleeding. Are you in shock? Why are you looking at me like that? Where are the others? Ry, where's our team?"

His gaze jumped to Carmello's. His buddy's dark eyes were filled with terror. Something clicked inside Ryker. Nothing clear, nothing concrete, but he started moving-dragging tourniquets out of his tactical vest and using every ounce of strength he had left to tighten them around what was left of Mike's limbs.

"What are you doing?" Mike screamed through the pain.

"Have to stop..." he muttered, securing the tourniquet, "the bleeding."

"They're dead, aren't they?" Tears filled Carmello's eyes and spilled down his cheeks, creating a pale river through the dirt and blood. "Oh my God, oh my God. They're dead. They're all dead."

The tormented pitch of Carmello's voice reached into Ryker's chest and yanked. Mike's eyes were closed, his face twisted with the torment, his head rolling side to side. His words slurred.

"Carmello!" Ryker yelled, fisting the man's bloody jacket and shaking him. "Carmello, stay with me." He lifted his gaze from the ground for the first time and found people swarming everywhere. Military, Afghanis. "Medics! Where are my fucking medics?"

"Is it..." Carmello's dark eyes swerved back and collided with Ryker's, his expression open and so utterly vulnerable. "Is it bad?"

"I got you, bro. You're okay," he lied. "Look at me now."

But Carmello's gaze slid sideways as if he couldn't hold focus. "Holy fuck. Holy...where's my...where's my arm?"

Mike's face turned white in an instant. His eyes rolled back. He was fading, dying right in front of Ryker's eyes. "I need medics!" he screamed, his throat raw. He shook Carmello again. "Eyes here, Carmello. Right here. On me. We've got this."

"Ry?" he asked, his gaze sliding in and out of focus. "I...I can't feel my legs..."

He lifted his head, trying to sit up. Ryker pushed him back. "Dude, don't move. Look. At. Me."

But it was too late. Mike had seen his missing limbs. "Oh my God. Oh my..."

"Hold on, Mikey." A sob garbled Mike's name. Hopelessness and helplessness tried to bully their way into Ryker's heart, but he battled them back. "Medics are coming. I'm right here."

"No," Mike croaked, dropping his head back. His eyes fell closed. "Let me go, man. I'm already dead."

"Shut the fuck up." He jerked at Mike's jacket, sobbing the words. Tears burned on his cheeks. "No shit-talk, Carmello."

"Get out of here, Ry. Not...safe..."

"I'm not leaving you." He dropped to his ass and gathered Mike into his lap. With his arms steely around his friend, as if that would keep him from slipping away, Ryker pressed his head to Mike's. "And you're not fucking leaving me, asshole."

He lifted his head, took as deep a breath as he could, and screamed, "Medics! I need medics over here!"

"Nathan. Nathan. Look at me."

He moved away from the soft female voice, so horrifically out of place. Fingers dug into his arms. The ten fingers of two hands.

"It's Rachel," she said, her voice firm but filled with understanding, throwing out another red flag. "You're fine. Mike is alive. You're home now. Look. At. Me."

He lifted his arms, breaking her grip and spinning away. His gaze refocused, and Ryker found himself inside a small room. Not in his barracks. His heart pounded as hard and quick as a jackhammer. Sweat covered his body. And he shook with the ice cutting through every inch of his him.

"Just a nightmare," the woman said behind him, making Ryker swivel toward the bed again. Rachel knelt on the edge, dark hair tousled from sleep.

The instant he saw her, the left side of his body prickled with the imprint of her heat where she'd been curled beside him. His well-trained mind pushed the horror of his past behind, and his body reacted to the sight of her in his T-shirt with a burst of desire deep in his pelvis.

He dropped his face into his hands and rubbed hard. His mind pinged between the nightmare and Ray's tragedy earlier that night. Then diverted to the image of Rachel in the shower, her white tank a wet second skin, the heat and softness of her pussy in his mouth. Her tangy, edgy taste. The hollowness that filled him wasn't the least bit interested in sex, but his brain and his body had other ideas.

He growled, dropping his hands and turning his back to her again. "You need to go."

Her hands slid down his back, and Ryker jumped at the electric touch. "It was just a nightmare," she said softly. "You're fine now."

"I'll never be fine," he bit out. He never should have fallen asleep with her. He'd known that. So fucking stupid.

Her shoulders dropped, hands falling into her lap. "We're not going there again, are we?"

He didn't understand. His mind was doing that fragmented thing again, pieces disappearing and reappearing like a game of pong.

The covers rustled as she uncurled her legs and stood. She passed him on her way to the bathroom, looking so damned adorable with his T-shirt draping her little body. He had to clench his hands to keep from reaching for her. He wanted to sink deep into her and banish the bubbling anxiety fizzing through his system.

The water ran, and Ryker paced the small room, working to clear his head. But the clearer it became, the more he wanted Rachel.

Something cool and wet touched his neck, and he whirled. Rachel stepped back holding a limp hand towel. She waited, her expression patient. Understanding. Void of pity. That helped him relax.

As soon as his posture softened, she stepped in again. "Let's cool you off."

She wiped the wet towel across his chest and up his neck. The chill washed the last fragments of the nightmare from the present, and he exhaled heavily.

Covering her hand with his, he cupped her head with the other, lowered his forehead to hers, and closed his eyes. "Sorry."

"I'm sorry too." She stroked the towel over his shoulder and down one arm. "I wish there was something I could do for you."

He absorbed her presence, her scent, the soft heat wafting from her body. Lowering his head, he slid his damp cheek down hers, turned his head, and covered her mouth with his. The first press of her supple lips was like a crisp breeze in the desert, and he sighed with relief. When he deepened the kiss, she kissed him back, but only for a moment before breaking away and pressing one hand to his chest.

"Sit," she said softly.

He sank to the edge of the bed and gathered her close, his cheek resting against her belly beneath the soft cotton of his shirt. He caught his own scent mingled with hers, and the fire in his groin flared. His cock hardened with the thought of pushing inside her soft, wet heat again. Nothing banished the memory or the pain better.

"I don't know what happened," she said, dragging the cool cloth along the back of his shoulders and the nape of his neck, "but you have to see someone about it before you go back, Nathan."

All his muscles tensed. His eyes opened to the dim room, and a hard ball sank into his gut. He didn't respond, hoping she let it drop there. Damn, he didn't want to get into this.

She pulled back, lifted his face with a hand at his jaw. He closed his eyes so he didn't have to see the emotion, the expectations, the fear on her beautiful face. She wiped his face, and the cool relief made him sigh again. He slid his hands down her back, over the sweet curve of her ass, and squeezed. Pulling her in, he scraped his teeth over the T-shirt along her belly and groaned.

She threaded her fingers into his hair, and that familiar need coupled with true desire made his mind haze. Exactly what he wanted. What he needed. Ryker stroked his hands up her back, then down again, squeezing her ass again and pulling her close. He clutched her waist, his mind already on the idea of dragging the shirt off over her head and watching her ride him the way she had that first night.

But her hand tightened in his hair. "How do you deal, Nathan?" Her voice remained soft and serious. "I know you've seen a lot of tragedy. And you've stayed sixteen years. You must have some way of coping."

He clenched his teeth. Frustration dimmed the delicious desire flooding him. "Rach," he said, trying to sound patient but not feeling it. "I already told you I don't want to talk about it."

"I'm not talking about any one incident," she said. "I'm talking about you, Nathan. I'm talking about how you get yourself past the pain and move forward. You can't go back to duty like this."

Fuck. He had a crazy urge to jump to his feet and demand, "Like what?"

Instead he covered one of her hands with his and pressed it between their bodies, between his legs. He rubbed her palm over his erection. Electric fire erupted in his groin, spreading pleasure through his cock.

"You're right, baby," he said, voice rough with lust. "I can't go back to duty with this." He slipped his other hand beneath the shirt and stroked her soft curves. Christ, he'd never felt anything so beautiful. He realized what a ludicrous thought that was considering how many women he'd been with, but she felt far more perfect in far more ways. "Why don't you help me with that?"

He gripped her waist and lifted her to his lap, then scooted back on the bed. She braced her hands on his chest and looked down at him, all that long dark hair falling forward. He stretched one arm toward the nightstand, pulling the drawer open and grabbing a condom.

"Nathan, you can't keep avoiding this. You can't go back to the men who count on you unless you're one hundred percent there for them."

He bent his knees and purposely dug his fingers into her waist too hard. "Baby," he said, warning flaring in his voice, "leave it alone. The only kind of therapy I want from you is sexual therapy." He slid his hand up to her breast, cupped, and squeezed. To soften the bite of his tone, he added, "Definitely your area of expertise."

He ripped the condom open with his teeth, wanting to get inside her fast so he could divert her attention from this topic.

But she covered the hand holding the condom and pressed it to the bed. Leaning over him, she looked directly into his eyes. "Nathan, I'm serious. You have less than two weeks before you go back. That's not much time. You need to call someone and make an appointment."

He gritted his teeth, and his exhale sounded as a hiss. "What is your deal?" He pulled his hand from hers, sat up, and lifted her from his lap, setting her aside. "Why can't you just drop it? You don't know what you're talking about."

Rachel wasn't the first woman who wanted to talk about his work. In the past, the slightest show of anger had immediately deterred most of his one-night flings from the subject. A few had persisted, but every one of those had relented when he'd shown any sign of walking out on them.

He should have known that tactic wouldn't work with Rachel. Her gaze remained serious but caring. Her expression determined yet open.

Something inside urged him to confide in her. Something whispered she would understand. She would be strong enough to deal. A little spark of maybe she would believe, maybe she could really love him, despite how fucked up he was.

"I may not know what you've been through," she said, "I may not ever be able to understand the depth or extremity of the suffering you've seen or done, but I can see an open wound, and yours is as visible now as Ray's was a few hours ago."

He pushed to his feet, planted one hand on his hip, and raked one through his hair. He was fucking sick of all this hair. He was never letting it grow this long again.

She rose from the bed, facing him. Something about the sight of her in his shirt twisted the same elemental place inside him it had that very first night. "Nathan, I care about you. I just want-"

"There's the problem." He couldn't do this. She was too close. Too sweet. Too strong. Too everything. "We agreed this would be about sex, nothing more."

"Really." Her brows fell, and she propped her hands at her hips. "So that whole "'What if I came home between tours-'"

"Was just a what if," he lied, his stomach clenching. "Hell, the sex is good. Why wouldn't I want more if I came back to town?"

She crossed her arms and pursed her lips. Her jaw shifted to the side. And her gaze gleamed with a familiar determination. One he couldn't face, because she wouldn't let up. Wouldn't relent.

"Look," he said, using a careless tone. "If you don't want to fuck, then leave."

Her lids lowered. "I expected a lot of things from you, but I never expected you to be a coward."

He laughed, the sound sharp and cynical as he turned and dragged a pair of pants from the dresser. He jerked them on and zipped up, then headed for the door. "Good to know where we stand." He swung it open and looked back at her. "We're done."

He slammed the door behind him and started walking. A sick kind of fury propelled him toward the path leading to the bridge, and he climbed halfway before his mind cleared. Then it tortured him the rest of the way. And when he reached the roadway, he was sweating again, panting, and his gut felt like he'd been stabbed with a commando knife.

Ryker planted his hands on his hips and paced, catching his breath. A little voice kept asking, What did I just do? Regret swamped him. He should never have started anything with her. He should have listened to that whisper at the bar. Fuck, he should have told Troy no when he'd asked Ryker to take this fucking job.

He was so seriously fucked up. He'd never know how he'd even entertained that "what if" he'd offered. Who the fuck did he think he was, believing he could be normal? Believing he could offer her even a fraction of what she deserved in a man?

Ryker walked to the railing and braced both palms on the metal. Dropping his head, he stared down at the dark water running beneath the bridge, the moonlight shining off the rippled surface. "Such a fucking loser."

He closed his eyes, leaned his elbows on the rail, and rubbed his face. Too much pain lodged beneath his ribs-the loss of his friends, his team. Now Rachel's loss. It throbbed there, as relentless as Rachel's determination.

Walking out had been right. A long-distance relationship with her had been a momentary pipe dream. And, God, how he hated himself for not being more. Being whole. Being someone who could manage a relationship like that so he could have her to come home to.

Footsteps sounded on the trail. Ryker's stomach plummeted. He couldn't hash this out with her again. He'd already been compelled to spill his bloody guts back at the room. Had only managed to keep himself intact with anger and fear. Now... Fuck, now he was ready to melt into her arms.

But as the sound neared, he realized the approaching person was jogging. Not only could Rachel never run this mountain, the footsteps were too heavy for her size. Alarm razored across his nerves. Ray. Someone was coming to give him urgent news about Ray-which could only be bad.

He straightened and peered over the railing toward the footsteps, his mind drumming up every horrible outcome-a blood clot to his lung, sepsis, severe damage requiring amputation. Ryker's gut coiled like a spring.

"Who's there?" he called over the side.

The footsteps came closer and slowed as the jogger climbed the last embankment and straightened. Ryker knew instantly the man standing in front of him was Marx. Ryker knew his build, knew his stance. And the moonlight shone off his blond hair.

Marx wore shorts and tennis shoes. He planted his hands at his hips, and lifted his foot behind him for a quad stretch. "What the fuck are you doing up here?"

"I'd ask you the same." He turned, set his feet wide, and crossed his arms.

"Couldn't sleep," he said, panting through the words. "Taking a run. You?"

Ryker wanted to call bullshit. He was sure Rachel had sent Marx to check on him. Maybe even lecture him. The fact both pissed him off and warmed his heart. And that was just annoying as shit.

"Same," he muttered. "Minus the run."

"Hey," he said, coming closer, his voice the most conciliatory Ryker had ever heard it. "I sent a photo of the cap to a friend of mine who specializes in explosives."

"I know. Rachel told me." Ryker braced for Marx's holier-than-thou attitude.

But Marx only nodded. "I figured she would, or I'd have told you myself. What happened wasn't your fault." As he wandered closer, his shadowed features showed better in the moonlight. He looked as sincere as Ryker had ever seen him. "You handled the injury quickly, efficiently. Your quick thinking probably saved Ray's hand."

Ryker remained tense, waiting for the stealthy verbal punch Marx always held back for the right moment.

Marx leaned his hip against the railing and pressed a hand to the metal. "I don't really expect you to answer honestly, but...how are you handling it?"

Ryker tilted his head. "You shouldn't expect me to answer at all."

Marx nodded again. "Yeah." He hesitated, his gaze turning to the darkness below. "I've been pretty hard on you. Rachel...well..." He huffed a laugh. "She set me straight tonight. And she's right. I haven't been fair because, well, I've had a thing for her for a while, and I have to admit, I've never been a good loser."

Ryker didn't comment. He wouldn't fall for the obvious trap Marx was setting to get Ryker to admit to what was going on between him and Rachel.

He turned and placed both hands on the railing with a quiet laugh. One edged with the cunning Ryker had seen too often in Marx. Ink on his back caught Ryker's eye, surprising him. And he grew curious about what kind of tat an insurance guy would wear.

"Then I realized that in two weeks, you'll be gone. Halfway around the world. Putting yourself at risk." He turned to look at Ryker again. "But I'll still be here. Every day. Every night. And when the memory of your affair fades from Rachel's mind..." His voice lowered with a steely determination that felt eerily familiar. "I'll be ready to step in. Give her everything you didn't. Everything you couldn't. Everything she deserves."

Ryker's hands curled into fists. His teeth clenched. And every insecurity, every shortcoming, bubbled to the surface.

"You're right. She deserves a lot more than I could ever give her." Ryker forced the words out, his throat raw with the effort, and started past Marx.

The moonlight caught on the ink design covering the upper left side of Marx's back and shoulder, and his feet froze. The image bore a dark black frog skeleton squatting on a lighter image of a waving American flag, the word FROGMAN woven into the design.

"What the...?" Ryker didn't know he'd verbalized the thought until the words were floating in the dark. "Smart to keep that covered up, dumbshit. If a real SEAL sees that, you'll be in a shitload of trouble, 'cause it's obvious you're no fucking Navy SEAL."

He glanced over his shoulder. The move shifted the glow over the tattoo, and a new line bisected the image. A light line. A wicked scar.

"Not anymore, no." Marx's dark voice drew Ryker's gaze up, and he found himself staring into eyes with the deep kind of pain Ryker had seen in the mirror way too often. "Nothing lasts forever, Ryker."

His gut hardened. Memories and thoughts collided in his mind-Marx's supreme confidence, his intricate knowledge of explosives, the crispness in his dress, his drive for perfection.

A SEAL. Marx was a fucking ex-Navy SEAL, not an above-average insurance guy. He was a fucking warrior, by all counts Ryker's equal, with his sights set on Rachel.

"A real SEAL would say, once a SEAL, always a SEAL. Is that why you washed out? Because you didn't have what it takes to stick?" Ryker demanded. "Is that why you hate the idea of Rachel choosing me? Because I could?"

Marx turned toward him, still gripping the railing as if it kept the other man from hurling himself into Ryker. "I didn't wash out." There was venom in his tone. "I was blown out by an IED in our path on a mission that should have been cleared by EOD, but wasn't. So, yeah, I recognize the signs of PTSD, brother. And I know firsthand how it can eat away at you until you have no soul left. And without a soul, you're just a dead man walking.

"So if you really love your team, you'll get your head on straight before you go back so no more of them end up six feet under. And if you really care about Rachel, you'll let her go now so she never knows the pain and loneliness of being left behind."

Ryker's throat thickened. Marx was speaking Ryker's mantra, only confirming the rightness of his split with Rachel. But his heart was a rock at his feet now, and Ryker could already feel all the life she infused into him when they were together draining from his soul.

"Right again." His voice came out rough. "Don't wait for me to deploy, Frogman, go after her now, because Rachel and I are done." The emptiness that swamped Ryker pushed one more angry, competitive comment from his mouth. "Do what we both know SEALs do best-swoop in after all the work is done to reap the glory."

22

A week had passed since the night Nathan had walked out of her, refusing to face his issues or help himself. Rachel watched the dining hall from her office window, waiting for him to show. He'd been avoiding her since his nightmare and their argument-up at the bridge site by the time she woke, left at sundown when the crew returned for dinner to go visit Ray in the hospital, and returned after dark. Often after she'd fallen asleep. When he did eat meals here, he just grabbed food and took it back to the bridge or to his room. And after she'd tried to arrange time to talk with him during a phone call about supplies, he'd sent all messages about the job to her through Charlie.

She knew there was no future for them. Knew there was nothing she could do to help him deal with the tragedy he'd suffered overseas. But it all still gnawed at the nurturer in her. And she had a burning need to set things right with him before he left. To Rachel, leaving bad blood between them felt like a horrible wrinkle in the smooth life she'd been building for herself, something she just couldn't let go.

He strode into sight and reached for the door to the dining room just as it opened and Charlie came out. They stood outside several moments, talking, and Rachel's heart sped up as she watched Nathan, soaking in the sight of him in those familiar cargo pants, the T-shirt stretched over wide shoulders and molding to the muscles of his back. She still had the T she'd worn back from his room that last night and, in the last few days had started sleeping in it.

And didn't that make a pathetic picture?

The ache that had developed in her chest once her anger from the fight had drained grew a little more intense every day, and she was afraid of how it might fester if she let him leave without talking. Not that she knew what she'd say if he'd ever hold still long enough for her to get the words out. And then there was the whole issue of privacy-nonexistent around this place.

His conversation with Charlie ended, and Nathan disappeared into the dining room, while Charlie headed toward her office. Rachel rolled her chair back to the desk and opened her accounting software on the computer, but she glanced at her cell sitting on the blotter and touched the screen to make it light up again. The most recent message from Nicole still filled her screen.

6612010666: I realize I've been pushing too hard. I just want you to know I miss my sister. I want to tell you that you were right-if I could go back and do it again, I would, because he makes me a better person. A person who can wait until you're ready to forgive me. I love you.

Charlie walked in, and Rachel set the phone down. Between Nicole and Nathan, Rachel's heart felt too heavy to carry.

"Good morning, good morning," Charlie said, full of cheer, clapping his hands together. "Today's the big day."

"So it is," she said forcing a grin. "How's...um"-Nathan-"everything?"

"Great. We finished up the rigging last night, and Marx gave us the green light. Only thing we need is the horn from the fire department. Did they drop it off?"

"Nope," she lied. "Not yet. But if it doesn't hit my desk by nine a.m., I'll go pick it up myself."

"Good deal," he said. "You'll be there tonight, right? For the detonation?"

Her stomach squeezed, but she forced her smile bigger. "Wouldn't miss it."

He saluted and walked out, and Rachel had to bite her lip not to call after him and ask how Nathan was doing. She already knew he was doing just fine. Josh was pleased with Nathan's progress, his work, and his crew's work. In fact, Nathan had become the camp's favorite son.

Yes, he was doing just fine.

Rachel had overreacted to a seemingly manageable inner turmoil and ruined... Ruined what? A fucking arrangement? Besides, he'd been a real bastard the last night they'd been together.

Maybe she was just making something of nothing again. Trying to force a square peg into a round hole. She'd spent nearly two years doing the same thing with Dante.

Screw it. She had to let go.

Rachel leaned down and pulled the blow horn the fire marshal had dropped off yesterday afternoon from beneath her desk. It was housed in a compact little box, and she took the handle and carried it outside. She'd missed meeting up with Nathan, sure he'd snatched food from the dining room by now, which was just as well, and to avoid making direct contact with him again, she'd just give the horn to another crewmember to take up to the bridge.

She forced her mind to the day ahead, really just tying up loose paperwork trails. All the important stuff would be going on hundreds of feet above her today. Again, just as well.

The dining room door opened as she reached for the handle, and she stepped aside as she met the person's gaze. Nathan's gaze. Nathan's sexy, gray-green gaze. Her stomach flipped, then floated into her chest.

He carried a Styrofoam container of food in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other, but all Rachel could smell was the spice of his body wash. Instead of remembering the sexual images the scent conjured, she thought of the way he'd looked that last night after he'd fallen asleep and all the stress had vanished from his face. Young. Vibrant. Strong. Filled with potential.

"Oh, hi," she said with a sudden sense of awkwardness.

"Hey." He stepped out and held the door so she could pass.

"I'm, um, not going in." She focused on the jitters inside and forcibly quieted them as he let the door fall closed.

"That the horn?" he asked.

"Yep. I was going to have one of the crew bring it up for you." She glanced at his hands. "And...I guess, since your hands are full, I'll go ahead and give it to Brad."

"Yeah, okay."

He shifted on his feet, glanced over his shoulder, licked his lips before turning back to her. There was a professional distance to his manner now, one that made her feel like they were ten miles apart. And, damn, that really hurt.

"You, um..." he said, glancing over her, "look great."

Her stomach fell. This discomfort only verified what she already knew, what she'd known going in-this was for the best.

So why did her eyes sting? Why did she have to fight herself not to drop the damned box in her hands and throw herself into his arms?

She cleared her throat and nodded. "You too."

Let it go. Walk away.

But she found herself saying, "I hear Ray's doing well."

His gaze lowered to the box, but she'd spotted the flash of guilt in his eyes before he'd hidden it. "Much better." He cleared his own throat. "Even getting some movement back in his fingers. Docs say he should fully recover with PT. A real miracle...or so everyone keeps telling me."

She smiled, happy for Ray, relieved for Nathan, but her heart hurt too bad to hold on to the expression. "Thank God for small miracles, I guess."

His lips quivered into a lopsided smile, and for an instant, just an instant, those pretty eyes warmed. The door opened, and three members of the construction team spilled out. Still, Nathan held her gaze as the men apologized and passed between them.

Rachel's heart fluttered. She waited until the guys were out of earshot, and when Nathan didn't rush off as she'd expected, she found herself searching for a way to break the ice between them.

But she couldn't, and the apology-one she'd realized she owed him after getting Nicole's message-just rolled out of her mouth. "Nathan, I'm...I didn't mean to push you so hard. I just...I..."

The door opened again, and Josh stepped out, biting into a piece of toast. Rachel's eyes fell closed for one long moment while her heart sank to the pit of her stomach. When she forced her eyes open again, she kept them away from Nathan's.

Josh glanced at Nathan, then smiled at Rachel. "Just the beauty I was coming to see." He wrapped his free arm around her shoulders and looked down at the box. "Is that the horn?"

"Yeah." When she glanced back at Nathan, he was gone-at least emotionally. Physically, he still stood a few feet away, but emotionally, there couldn't have been a thicker wall around him. Uncomfortable gooseflesh rose on her arms. "I was going to, um..." She forced her gaze from his and back down at the box. "Give it to Brad to take up to the bridge."

"No need." He tossed his uneaten toast into a trashcan nearby and took the handle from Rachel. "I'll take it up." Then he looked at Nathan. "See you up there?" he asked, clearly dismissing him.

Nathan turned away without responding. And without looking at Rachel. Just like that, the fragile connection between them, one that had been so strong just days ago, snapped.

She blinked fast to keep the sting in her eyes from turning into tears and turned out of Josh's embrace. "Thanks. I've got a lot to do before the blast."

And walking away from Josh after seeing Nathan again made one thing blatantly clear to her-she hadn't been denying Josh dates because she was afraid of commitment or even because they worked together. She'd been denying him because there was no chemistry. No connection. No intimacy. No challenge. No excitement.

No...risk.

All of which she'd had in abundance with Nathan.

Rachel waited until the last minute to hike up to the bridge, and now the camp was eerily quiet with the entire staff settling in to watch the spectacular show Nathan had planned. Only the kitchen staff bustled around the camp, preparing for the after-party.

Jax had returned midday, along with Wes, Troy, Keaton, and Duke, and all the Renegades had stopped only to poke their heads in and tell her they missed her and bitch about the temp running the office before they hightailed it up to the bridge.

Rachel made the final entry into the cost analysis sheet and looked at the total. Nathan had brought them in twenty thousand dollars under budget, meaning that as long as this stunt went off as planned, their stunt work in the Bond film would officially be declared a success, and Renegades would see a huge influx of cash, employees, and work. If something went wrong tonight...

No. She wasn't going there. Everything would work out fine. Awesome, in fact. And Rachel was pretty damned sure that afterward, Jax and Lexi would be announcing wedding plans.

The thought made her think of Nicole. Of Dante.

And she felt nothing but a pang of regret for the whole mess. No anger. No sadness. No loss. Now she just felt lonely. And foolish.

She pulled out her phone and created a new text message.

RACHEL: I can't forgive and forget the way everyone wants me to. And I don't know if I'll ever be able to fully trust you again. But you're my sister, I'll always love you, and I hope you and Dante find happiness.

She pressed Send, heaved a breath of relief that she wasn't holding on to that ugly anger anymore, and turned off her phone.

With all the bookkeeping complete, Rachel shut down her computer with a small sense of accomplishment and locked the office on her way out. She hiked up to the bridge because she needed the exercise to banish some of her nerves-over seeing Nathan, over interacting with him in the presence of men who knew her well enough to spot her discomfort if she didn't hide it well, of something going wrong with the stunt, of someone getting hurt...

Those had all faded by the time she reached the halfway mark. Dusk was closing in, and even from the side of the mountain, she could see and hear the activity above. She could sense the excitement and stress.

And by the time she reached the top, the filming choppers already had their blades rotating. She stood at the edge of the cluster of staff in the safety zone, which had been dramatically increased for the big blast, and crossed her arms. In the control booth, also moved to a distant plateau about twenty yards from where Rachel stood, Jax spoke to Nathan, while Nathan's focus remained on the choppers. The setting sun dragged shadows over the day, making it impossible to see Nathan's expression, but even from where she, Rachel could sense his intensity.

Troy spotted her and threaded through the crowd to stand at her side. "Can't wait to finish this and get you back."

"Don't start in on the temp again," she said. "I'll fix anything she messed up."

"You might be fixing awhile," he said, stuffing his hands in his pockets. "So, Ryker seems...subdued."

"He's just focused on pulling this off. Hell of a favor you asked of him, considering how deeply he was affected by that blast in Kandahar."

His head twisted toward Rachel, lips parted in surprise. "He told you?"

"In pieces. It's horribly painful for him."

"Wow." Troy's mouth edged up in a smile. "That's progress. And Ray's accident?"

Rachel nodded. "Hit him hard, but he's getting through it. He drove all the way into town and argued with his doctors until they let him take Ray out of the hospital to watch this shoot." Her gut ached with the memories resulting from the trauma. "And he went to see his teammate who survived in Kandahar. He lives about an hour south of here. I saw a difference when Nathan got back. A real positive change."

"Really." Troy's eyes narrowed on Rachel now, his suspicion clear. "Sounds like you didn't hear anything I said to you before you left."

"I heard every word. But I'm not you, and I don't have the same relationship with him that you do. And, with all due respect to you as a guy who's known him for decades, he's not the kid you grew up with anymore. He's an exceptional, complex man who impresses the hell out of me. Daily."

Troy pursed his lips, glanced around the area. "And how are you going to deal when he leaves in..." He glanced at his watch. "Five days?"

She shrugged. "The same way we all deal with people who float through our lives." She set a purposeful gaze on Troy. "It happens to all of us, and we all find our own way through. Don't we?"

His dark eyes grew serious, and a sliver of that haunted look Nathan sometimes got floated through Troy's eyes. Then it was gone. "I suppose we do."

"Troy," she said, linking her arm through his. "I really, really love you." She tilted her gaze up to his. "But I am my own person, no matter how much I might remind you of someone else. Don't ever interfere with my relationships again." She paused, let the shock in his expression fade into belligerence, and added, "Am I making myself clear?"

Troy heaved a sigh. Nodded. Wrapped his arm around her shoulders and pulled her into his side. "I'm sorry, Rach."

"You owe Nathan an apology too."

He nodded again. "I'll set things right with him."

She wrapped her arm around his waist, lifted to her toes, and kissed his cheek. "Thank you."

Charlie came out of the booth, and the clapper, a young man Rachel had seen on several sets, ran to the center of the bridge with a slate. The assistant director running the scene called for quiet, and silence descended over the audience. The clapper's voice rang clear when he called out the scene, and then when, he should have called out the take number, he paused and said, "The one and only take."

A ripple of laughter traversed the onlookers, the slate clapped, and everyone fell silent again as the clapper sprinted off the bridge and into a safety zone.

Josh lifted a radio to his mouth where he stood on the bluff with the choppers and spoke to Jax in the control booth, then motioned with his hand and crouched as the choppers-five for this shoot-floated into the air and headed south.

Charlie came out of the booth, pushing Ray in a wheelchair. Ray held the megaphone in his good hand, his other covered in bandages and hooked into a sling across his chest. Rachel smiled as Ray lifted the megaphone, his gaze on the choppers, a smile on his fatigued face. And this was one of those moments when Rachel knew Nathan's heart-no matter how malformed and battle scarred-was truly gold.

All day she'd been thinking about Nathan. About what he'd been through in his life, about how far he'd come in such a short amount of time, about how resilient and strong he stayed. And after this was over, she wanted to sit down with him in a quiet, private, no-stress environment and find out if that "what if" offer had been the desire for more hookups in the future, as he'd claimed in the heat of the moment. Or if it had been what she'd believed at the time he'd offered-the glimmer of desire to shoot for more between them, despite everything standing in the way.

The choppers banked hard at the ridgeline, angled back toward the bridge, and settled into formation. Rachel's chest tightened, and she dragged in air. She tingled with anticipation, adrenaline, hope, and fear. She crossed her arms tight, and Troy pulled her closer.

"Don't worry, Rach," he murmured at her temple. "I'm telling you, Ryker is as brilliant as they come when it comes to explosives."

He certainly had been brilliantly explosive in bed. It was a split-second thought that vanished as soon as Ray lifted the megaphone to his mouth.

"Five," Ray yelled, steady and strong. "Four..."

Nathan stepped out of the booth, posture tight, expression stern.

"Three..."

Rachel's stomach flipped, and she leaned closer to Troy, who tightened his arm around her shoulders.

"Two-"

Ray's voice cut out in the first explosion. The blast sounded muffled through her ear protection, but the ground shook with the force of a monster earthquake, and a monumental fireball erupted into the dark sky, lighting everything around them in fiery oranges and reds.

The crowd around her gasped and murmured in alarm. Rachel covered her mouth as fear burned up her chest.

Too soon. The blast had come too soon.

"Fuck." Troy's voice barely reached her ear, but the alarm there registered.

Rachel glanced toward the choppers first, her stress easing when she found them already sweeping in. The filming may not be perfect, but the editors could make it work. She darted a look toward Nathan, to check his reaction, but he was gone.

She searched the booth and the surrounding area but couldn't locate him. A flash of panic sizzled along her skin, her eyes frantically searched the crowd, then the control booth again, the shadows surrounding the area where he'd been standing.

Another pair of explosions rocked the earth, just seconds apart. Rachel gasped and pulled away from Troy. Fireballs mushroomed into the sky, illuminating the bridge, the choppers, and the night in brilliant orange flashes. But Rachel didn't watch the explosion; she searched for Nathan and found him in the light cast by the fire where he was making a stealthy, almost inhuman crawl along the ground toward Ray and Charlie, where they were now shielded behind the control booth.

"No. No, no, no."

Rachel's mind flew backward and filled with the memory of waking to Nathan yelling,"Cover!" and the eerie sight of him belly-crawling the same way along the floor of his room, then struggling with invisible men.

She pushed away from Troy, peeled through the staff, and broke into a run. Another round of explosions erupted, and fire flashed in Rachel's eyes. She turned away, shutting her eyes. When her vision readjusted to the dark, she searched for Charlie and Ray and Nathan, and found only an empty wheelchair.

"Oh my God." She broke into a run again, searching the shadows. She caught glimpses of a skirmish on the ground, but by the time she reached the struggle, others had closed in from all directions-Jax and Wes from the booth, Keaton and Duke from the crowd. Troy on her ass.

Overhead, the choppers' blades drowned out all sound. Another explosion erupted, the ground shook, and Rachel tripped, almost taking out a still camera on her right. She caught herself on her hands and knees, scuttled to her feet, and kept running. In the shadows, Rachel saw Ryker push Ray's wheelchair over and used it and his own body to shield Ray, while he continued to struggle with Charlie.

When she reached Nathan, she dropped to her knees and fisted his shirt. "Stop!" She yelled at what felt like full capacity but barely heard her own voice. She pulled herself closer with his shirt, put her face by his ear, and screamed. "Nathan, stop! You're home. You're safe. Everything's-"

Jax and Wes each grabbed one of Nathan's arms, and his head came up, smashing Rachel's cheekbone. She flew backward, ass in the dirt, pain ripping through her face. Dizzy, she struggled to steady her vision and focused just as Nathan reared backward with a growl even Rachel heard among the din. His arm ripped from Jax's grip, and Nathan swung around, catching Wes by the throat and slamming the two-hundred-pound Renegade to the dirt.

"Cover, goddammit," Nathan bellowed. "Stay down!"

Keaton, Duke, and Troy clustered around the melee, searching for a place to jump into the brawl. Rachel lunged for Troy's arm and held on.

"Flashback!" she yelled to be heard over the choppers, the crash of concrete and metal. "Don't jump him, it's a flashback!"

But it was too late. All five Renegades piled on Nathan, and the struggle continued even after the last explosion and the bridge lay in rubble in the river. Nathan fought like an absolute wild man, throwing Keaton and Troy off him at the same time, then taking on Jax, Duke, and Wes again.

"Stop!" Rachel screamed so hard she thought her chest would crack. "Stop fighting him!"

A Maglite beam cut through the night and flooded the fight with halogen. Charlie stumbled close, shining the light directly into Nathan's face. "Raid's over ," he yelled, his deep, gruff, booming voice vibrating in Rachel's ears. "Stop fightin', you idiot."

"Jesus Christ." Rachel scrambled to her knees and crawled the short distance to reach the group. "Get off him." She yanked at hands tearing Nathan's shirt. Shoved at legs holding Nathan down. "Goddammit!" She pushed up on her knees and screamed, at her breaking point. "If you don't all get off him right this second, I'm going stomp your nuts!"

Wes released his hold first and rolled off Nathan, who was squinting, his head turned away from the light. His chest heaved, blood marred his face, and Rachel's heart broke with the trauma of it all.

She reached up and shoved Charlie's hand away. "Get that out of his face," she yelled, her voice hoarse. "The rest of you, move!"

As the Renegades slowly unwound themselves and climbed off Nathan, Rachel cuddled close. His eyes were hazed with the same deep confusion shining there as when he'd been on the verge of coming out of his nightmare.

She pushed his hair out of his eyes and supported his head with her arm. "Nathan, baby, it's okay now." She was shaking-her body, her voice, her very soul. She caressed his face and pressed her cheek to his head. "Just a bad memory. You're safe. Everyone's safe."

He coughed and sat up. Rachel followed. Beside him, she kept one hand tight on his thigh, the other combing through his hair. But the motion made their surroundings come into focus. Several flashlights shone now, creating aglow in the dark. And everyone-as in every damned person involved in the stunt-stood around gawking, including Josh, who stood on the edge of the crowd with a fierce but conflicted expression.

That was the very moment Nathan came out of the traumatic flashback. "What...What's happening?"

She tried to shield his view with her body, pushing up on her knees and taking his face in her hands. "Everything's okay," she reassured him, then turned and scanned the crowd. "Give us some air here." When she refocused on Nathan, she saw him returning from the void, filled with shame and fury. "Look at me, Nathan."

His gaze darted to hers, and the raw accusation there drilled ice straight into her gut. "What the fuck...?"

Tensing, he gripped her wrist and yanked her hand away from his face. He darted a look over the crowd and returned his gaze to Rachel's, sparking with fear and doubt and raw fury. For a moment, she swore he looked at her like the enemy.

She leaned away, keeping her voice level and soft. "Nathan, do you know who I am?"

"Of course I know who you are." And just like that, he was instantly lucid.

And livid.

He shoved her hands away and rose to his feet in one fluid, strong move. When he stood, his gaze scanned the others looking on, and the horrifying realization of knowing they'd watched his meltdown flashed in his eyes. And he looked down at her again.

In that moment, Rachel had a flashback of her own. Of Dante standing over her in the same way after she'd broken down over the truth of his affair with Nicole. She'd slumped on the sofa in his New York living room, sobbing with betrayal, and Dante had delivered the same accusatory, furious glare.

With Dante, she'd stayed on the couch, fallen asleep there sobbing when he'd walked out. And hadn't regained her self-respect for months.

Now she pressed her hands to the ground and forced herself to her feet. A hand gripped her arm and helped her up, but Rachel shook it off, and when she finally straightened, she found Josh standing beside her, ready to support her if needed. And Nathan standing in front of her, ready to skewer her-the sacrificial lamb to his demons.

"You're the woman who can't stay out of other people's business." Nathan's hands rested at his hips, and he leaned forward. "How many times do I have to tell you to leave me the fuck alone?"

Humiliation stabbed her chest, and Rachel sucked a breath of air.

Troy stepped in and grabbed Nathan's arm roughly. "Shut your mouth-"

Nathan shoved Troy hard. He stumbled backward a few steps. Jax and Duke broke his fall.

"You motherfucker." Troy lunged for Nathan, but the other men held him back.

Nathan ignored Troy as if he weren't there, stabbing a rigid index finger to the air near Rachel's chest. She flinched but didn't back away.

"You cause more trouble for me than I can cause myself," he ground out. "For the last time, I. Don't. Need. You. Deal with it."

Nathan pushed past her, knocking her off balance with his shoulder. Josh caught her and kept a protective arm around her waist. Troy lunged for Nathan, breaking out of Jax's grip and yanking Nathan around by the arm. Troy's other hand was already fisted and came around in a sharp hook to Nathan's jaw.

A scream popped from Rachel's throat, and she covered her mouth with both hands. Nathan stumbled sideways, bent at the waist, and covered his jaw with his hand. Sure he'd come back swinging, Rachel drew a breath to yell stop, but Nathan didn't even turn and look back at Troy. He continued his path through the crowd, yelling, "I'm going to do the post-blast check. Everyone stay the fuck away from me."

She kept her gaze on the dark where he'd disappeared from view, her mind hazing over as emotions overwhelmed her.

Josh was saying something in her ear. Troy stood in front of her, his grip on her arms, his worried, furious gaze on her face. But Rachel only heard Nathan's slashing words over and over in her head.

She pushed Troy and Josh away, searching for Jax, and ignored his scandalized expression. "Jax, can you check the footage now? If it's not acceptable, I'll have to regroup fast to pull it off in time." Jax grabbed her hand and dragged her with him to meet up with the assistant director.

"Drama's over," she said to the staff, forcing herself to keep her hand off the cheek that felt the size of a balloon, grateful her heart was temporarily numbed by the trauma. "Start packing up so we can get the hell out of here."

As soon as the crowd started to disperse with low murmurs of shock and concern, she focused on the footage playing on the iPad's small screen It was ridiculously dramatic and cinematically stunning. But Rachel felt no joy or accomplishment or even relief. She felt nothing.

"The fight came over on audio," the director said to Jax, "but we'll dub over it in edits."

"We're good to go?" Jax asked.

The director nodded. "It's a wrap."

There was no applause, no high-fives, no hugs, no laughter, the way wraps normally ended, and Rachel felt a pang of regret that Nathan hadn't gotten to experience that.

When Jax turned his concerned gaze on Rachel, she stuck to business. "We came in twenty thousand under budget." Her mind wasn't fully engaged or functioning, but she turned to Wes, Troy, and Josh standing close by, and said, "Can I have a minute with Jax?"

They all gave her that pitying stare she'd received for months after the news of Nicole and Dante's affair had spread across town, but wandered away to help dismantle equipment.

Before Jax could kick into concerned-dad mode, Rachel wrapped her arms around her middle and said, "I've already tied up all the bookkeeping. All invoices are paid or scheduled for payment. The cost analysis is finished. The HR paperwork is complete and filed. I'll cut paychecks tonight-"

"Rachel-"

"But then I need to get the hell out of here, Jax." Her voice broke, and she swallowed and pushed on. "Away from everything and everyone, or I'm going to have a nervous breakdown."

He gripped her biceps gently. "I'll get you on the next plane to Maui. You can stay at my house on the north shore. It's right on the beach, and I have a caretaker who will-"

"No, no," She rubbed her temple. "Thank you, but no. I need to stay busy. I can't just sit around with nothing to do but think. What else have you got going that I can help with?"Jax shoved his hands into the front pockets of his jeans and rolled back on his heels. "I was going to head down to Mission Beach for a few days. But you can handle that if you want."

She raked a hand through her hair. "The surfing gig for the music video?"

He nodded. "Zach called earlier today and said the director acting as stunt coordinator is way out of her league. I think she's knowledgeable and skilled but may need a little guidance in keeping it all together. You can stay as long as you want."

Rachel pulled in a deep breath. San Diego. Not far enough away in her opinion, but as long as Nathan wasn't there, as long as the Renegades weren't there...it was as good a place as any. "I've never met Zach. And I know zip about surfing."

"I think of Zach as Keaton's blond twin-in looks, talent, and personality, with a whole hell of a lot of 'dudes' thrown in. And he knows enough about surfing to fill the ocean with how-to books. I need someone to connect with the director. Maybe finagle a few duties away from her while making her think it was all her idea."

Rachel blew out a breath. "I think I can manage that."

Jax pulled her close by the shoulders and kissed her forehead. "Then pack your bags, honey. You'll be taking my seat on a flight out of Los Angeles first thing tomorrow morning." He smiled down at her. "And Lexi doesn't know it yet, but she's very grateful."

Relief and appreciation swam around the pain filling her.

She wrapped her arms around Jax and pressed her cheek to his chest. "Thank you."

23

Ryker scraped his fingers along his itchy scalp. Fresh haircuts always itched, and he'd gone way shorter than usual this time, as if cutting it all off could erase the past two months of leave from existence.

"Attention passengers on flight 645 to Tacoma." The American Airline's customer service rep's voice drifted overhead. "Your plane has arrived, and your flight crew is estimated to arrive in the next ten minutes. We apologize for the delay and will begin boarding as quickly as possible."

With one more sweep of his hand over the new bristle of his hair, Ryker pushed to his feet and paced the length of windows looking out onto the tarmac. He stretched the muscles of his back, wincing at the aches all through his torso. He pulled his phone from his back pocket and glanced at the screen.

No messages.

No e-mails.

No calls.

Self-disgust welled up again, and he shoved the phone away. Of course there were no calls. He'd alienated everyone. There was no one left who wanted to talk to him except for a few buddies halfway around the world.

Troy had ambushed Ryker at the blast sight the next day when Jax wasn't around and had taken a few choice shots with his fist. And Ryker had let him. He'd deserved the beating. Only it hadn't made him feel any better about his insane reaction to the blast or how he'd treated Rachel afterward.

They'd eventually parted the same way they always parted after fights, with grudging support for each other-because they were family, for better or worse.

He pressed his palms on the sill of a window and leaned into it. His gaze blurred over the expanse of cement. The early detonation had unnerved him, but the sight of those fireballs mushrooming into the sky had been the cause of his snap with reality-something he never anticipated.

He pulled out his phone again. Scrolled through the contacts. Paused on Carmello's number.

And shoved the phone back into his pocket.

Ryker knew what Carmello would say. Ryker would have told himself the same thing if he were in Carmello's shoes. It wasn't like Ryker hadn't been in therapy before. He'd spent the better part of his childhood on state-mandated shrinks' sofas. Had endured countless psych evals as a Ranger.

So what the fuck was his problem?

"Attention passengers on flight 645 to Tacoma." The customer service rep's voice broke into his uncomfortable thoughts. "Minor maintenance is required on your plane. The estimated delay will be approximately twenty minutes. Please stay in the boarding area, as the repairs may be finished earlier, and we'll start boarding immediately."

"Fuck that," Ryker muttered. He needed a drink.

He pulled his seabag over his shoulder and wandered into the main corridor. The two decent bars in this terminal were full, every table in the restaurant, every seat at the bar taken. Ryker glanced at the entrance to the international terminal and remembered the bar there. And Rachel.

"Shit," he muttered, then headed that direction. By the time he reached the bar where two seats remained open, he'd decided this was a good thing. Closure. Ending his memories of Rachel where they'd begun.

He dropped his bag and planted his ass on a stool. Ryker was staring at the shiny wood, realizing he'd never noticed it that night. All he'd noticed had been Rachel. Rachel and her spunky attitude. Rachel and her long dark hair, sweet face, big brown eyes. And, God, that smile...

The bartender turned from the cash register. "Well, look who's back."

He glanced up and found the woman who'd served him here three weeks ago. "Hey. What IPAs do you have on tap?"

"Just got a new Firestone Walker in. I think it's called-"

"I don't care. I'll take it."

She pursed her lips and narrowed her eyes. "You're not near as congenial as you were the first time you were here." Pulling a glass from behind the bar, she put it under the tap and pulled the dark liquid of Firestone's newest creation. "Maybe you could give that woman a call to meet you. The one you hooked up with that night. She certainly added spark to your personality."

He frowned at her. "You must get hundreds of customers a day. How do you remember that?"

She slid the full glass across the wood. "Honey, men like you hardly walk into my bar every day. Too bad the sweet young things always win out."

"Refill," someone called from down the bar, drawing the woman that direction.

He sighed and took a deep drink of the beer. His mouth filled with the rich flavors of caramel, coffee, and chocolate. His eyes fell closed, and he hummed in pleasure.

Rachel would love this.

The thought filled his mind, followed by the instant realization that he'd never get the chance to tell her about it, and cutting loss seeped in.

He swore under his breath and drank until half the beer was gone. When he set the glass down and stared into the dark amber liquid, he knew the alcohol wouldn't help this time. He certainly wouldn't be picking up another woman when the only one he wanted was Rachel. And as he spun his glass slowly, he realized he doubted submersing himself in his work would help erase this pain either.

He propped an elbow on the bar and rested his forehead there.

"Why are guys such assholes?" A woman's voice from the other end of the small bar caught his ear.

"Got me," another woman said, voice thick with disgust.

"All I wanted was an apology, you know?" the first woman said. "When I'm wrong, I always apologize. Sometimes I apologize even when I'm half-wrong just because it feels good. It's cathartic or something."

Ryker took another drink of the beer. Cathartic. He'd never looked at it that way. Rarely had an occasion to apologize for anything. And when he did...it had always been out of duress or expectation. But he wanted, more than anything, to apologize to Rachel. Had even stopped in front of her house when he'd returned to LA to catch his flight to Lewis-McChord. But staring at her door only made him think of seeing the hurt in her eyes, and he'd decided he'd hurt her enough. And, yeah, it would have hurt him to witness the pain he'd caused, so he'd been avoiding that too.

He could stare into a dying man's eyes and lie to him, but he couldn't fucking apologize to the best woman he'd ever known.

His guts filled with such derision, he couldn't sit still. He pushed from the bar, tossed money down, and walked out. He paced past his gate, checking on the flight status. The door to the ramp was open, and people stood in line to board.

He thought of the flight back to Afghanistan with nothing to do but sit. And think.

When they called his seating section, he waited until the very last minute to get in line. He didn't need to sit any longer than he had to. But as each person boarded the flight, Ryker's anxiety kicked up a notch. When they finally called the last seating assignment, he continued to pace, his anxiety building to panic-attack levels.

He paced until the last person boarded and the waiting area was empty. Yet he looked at the ramp leading to the plane and couldn't make his feet move that direction.

He certainly wasn't afraid of flying. Sure as hell wanted to get back to his men.

But he couldn't make himself walk down that ramp.

"Sir?" The young woman behind the desk drew his attention. "Are you on this flight? 645 to Tacoma?"

His gaze darted back to the door. He cleared his throat. "No, ma'am."

She announced the last call for boarding, and Ryker stood there like he'd lost his mind and watched that ramp until the airline rep closed the door, blocking his view. Then she too walked away from the gate, and Ryker stood in the waiting area alone.

A whisper of relief filtered through his chest. He wandered to the window and watched the plane taxi onto the runway with a sense of being torn in half. Of floating, lost at sea without a human in sight.

He unclenched one hand from the strap of his seabag and shoved it into the pocket of his pants. A piece of thick paper touched his fingers, and he drew it out, turned it over, and found the name and number of Carmello's therapist.

Yes, a voice whispered deep in his head.

Ryker dropped heavily into the nearest seat, sat forward, and stared at the card.

Just do it, the voice whispered again.

He closed his eyes and rubbed his face, then pulled out his phone.

A secretary picked up on the third ring. "Dr. Scott's office."

Ryker cleared his throat, his gut hollow as he said, "Hi. I got this number from a military friend, and, uh, he said Dr. Scot works with the army benefit package."

"Yes, sir," she said, her voice upbeat and happy. "Would you like to make an appointment?"

Fuuuuuck. His throat thickened. A huge part of him screamed Nooooooooooo! But his mouth formed the word, "Yes."

"Let me get your name, sir."

He exhaled and grimaced at the long road ahead. Then thought of Mike, his three missing limbs, and the way he had kicked Ryker's ass at one-on-one from a fucking wheelchair. "Nathan," he said. "Nathan Ryker."

"Oh." She hesitated. "Hold on one- Yes. Dr. Scott would like to speak with you himself. Can you hold just a moment?"

"I...uh...what?"

But she was gone, music playing over the line. Ryker rubbed a hand over his mouth as a flutter of panic irritated his gut. He was about to hang up when someone picked up the other line.

"Sargent Ryker?"

He cleared his throat. "Yes, sir, this is Ryker."

"I'm so glad you called." The man's voice was smooth and warm and supremely relaxed in a way that settled Ryker's fears. "Mike Carmello holds you in the highest regard, and well," he added with a touch of humor, "Mike is so exceptional, I think that says a lot about you."

Emotion rushed to the surface, breaking the crust on Ryker's numbness. He huffed a laugh. "Well, Mike can be a little...dramatic."

"I'd like to decide for myself. Mike's told me about your time constraints. I'm willing to meet with you in my office, or somewhere else if you're more comfortable with that. Where you're staying, a coffee shop, wherever you feel safe and relaxed. We can even Skype if you must. You just name the place and time, and I'll make it work."

The sincerity in the man's voice, the smooth way he used such formal language yet felt like someone Ryker had known for a lifetime, broke down every barrier.

The instant they were crumbled around his feet, Ryker knew exactly what he needed.

He looked at his watch. "I, uh..." His mind ricocheted between thoughts. "How about now?"

"Okay, this is getting ridiculous," Rachel said as Zach approached her with another surfboard. He beamed, his white smile what women's sighs were made of. To Rachel, he was exactly what Jax had described-a blond Keaton. And after a week with the guy on set, she was sure she'd gained yet another brother. "How many surfboards do you really need, Zach?"

His smile transitioned into openmouthed shock. "I can't believe you said that." He turned to a cluster of cameramen kicking back in the sand with beers as the director argued with the band's lead singer over the angle of the next shot in their music video. "Did you hear that?"

"The answer," one of the guys said, lifting his beer to Rachel in mock toast, "is as many shoes as women need in their closet."

"Not true," she countered. "Shoes have a whole host of purposes, from function to style. We need a different shoe for every occasion, every outfit-"

"And I need a different board for every wave," Zach countered. "We might start with six basic board shapes, but once you start getting creative with fins, tail shapes, design materials, and technology, whoa, dude, you're looking at thousands of different prototypes. I won't even start on the style aspect, or how a board should reflect your inner landscape, or-"

"Oh, please." She rolled her eyes. The constant banter of the men on the set helped ease the awkward discomfort of all the women whispering behind her back. Everyone had already heard about the humiliation Nathan had inflicted up north. The men talked about it too, but they did it to her face-something she both preferred and appreciated. "Did you really just say inner landscape?"

"Oh, and the artistry involved is unreal," he went on, ignoring her jab. "Look at this." He pulled his phone from the back pocket of his wet surf shorts.

"Did you go in the water with that?" she asked, shocked the screen still lit up.

He laughed, and the surfboard-shaped charm threaded on thin black leather that lay against his bare chest jumped with the movement.

One of the cameramen said, "Don't get him started."

Another added, "He gets the coolest new toys before they're even on the market."

"And I get paid to play with them," he said, scrolling through the images on his phone. "Look at this." He turned his phone toward her. "Some are too gorgeous to ride."

She squinted at the board standing on end. A light shone from behind, illuminating the exquisite, detailed, artistic carving of a squid covering the board from tip to tail. And it was a stunning combination of pink and blond wood. "Oh my God. What is that made out of?"

"African pink ivory. The tree grows in Zimbabwe. This is hand carved. Hand carved. Can you believe that?"

Zach stepped over to the cameramen to show the image, and the three bullshitted about how much the board was worth, how long it took the guy to carve it, and eventually degraded into conjecture over what the artist wasn't getting at home to be able to spend that much time on a piece of art.

Rachel watched the actor Zach was doubling struggle just to paddle his board through the surf, and smiled. He was a nice guy, the actor. In fact, everyone here was nice. And happy. Very little stress occurred on set, for which she was grateful, and day by day, she relaxed a little more. The fact that Nathan was halfway to Afghanistan by now delivered both relief and pain, and seemed to suck up every moment of her thoughts if she didn't stay busy.

"Rachel."

Her mind dragged back from the drift, and a tingle ran down her spine. She smiled to herself with an internal shake of her head. Now she was hearing his voice. Yes, she really needed a vacation.

"Mmm-hmm?" she said, raising her hand to shade her eyes as she gazed out at the water,

"Can we...uh, talk a minute?"

The tingle along her back turned into gooseflesh, and a flash of fire burned her chest. Jesus Christ, just what she needed-someone here with Nathan's voice. She'd make sure to stay as far away from them as possible.

She turned to see which member of the crew would be her nemesis for the remainder of the shoot, and found... "Nath...?"

For a moment, she thought she'd mistaken someone else for Nathan. His hair was short, buzz-cut short. But it only took one look at his eyes to know she was staring at Nathan-his eyes brighter, the angles of his face sharper, his scars more severe. He was ridiculously striking.

Movement behind him dragged her gaze away, to where the other Renegades ambled forward-Jax, Troy, Wes, Keaton, and Duke. All of them. "Oh my God." She swiveled with fear flooding her belly. "What's wrong? What happened?"

"Nothing's wrong," Nathan said, drawing her gaze back. "Well, except that I can't live in my skin anymore after what I did to you. And nothing's happened, except for me pulling my head out of my ass."

"That doesn't explain..." She looked past Ryker. "Jax?"

"I asked them to be here," Nathan said.

"Begged is more like it." Troy walked over to shake hands with Dillon and look at the picture on his phone. "It was a wickedly pathetic sight, let me tell you."

"I meant to ask," Keaton said to Jax. "Are we getting paid for this?"

"Hey, Keat, Wes," Troy called over his shoulder, "come look at this board."

The two men walked over to Dillon and glanced at his phone.

"Guys," Nathan said with an irritable tone. "You're not here to-"

"Dude," Wes laughed, bumping fists with Dillon. "That's a sweet ride."

"This is ridiculous." Rachel turned and started toward the water.Oh God, no. He wasn't going to do this to her. Again. As if the rumors weren't already bad enough. She darted a look at the three members of her new crew. Painful memories from that last night slammed her, and her heart hardened.

"Good for you." She put on an air of indifference. "I'm sure you'll be able to breathe better now. Jax, come meet the director. Guys," she said to the other Renegades, "there are extra boards under that tent. Grab one and catch a few waves."

But none of the men followed her directions-goddamned stubborn pieces of shit-so she turned away and started toward the set.

"Rachel, wait."

The pained plea from Nathan pulled her to a stop against her will. She closed her eyes. Gritted her teeth.

"Please," he said. "Let me do this."

She spun back, clawing to hold on to an indifference she didn't feel. But she didn't have the energy or the heart to fight. And this would be over faster if she just let him relieve himself of his guilt.

"I can't believe you dragged all these guys to San Diego for this." Let it go. Move on.

Crossing her arms, cocking her hip, she said, "Fine. Get it out, then go."

He took a step forward, his face drenched in so much regret it twisted her stomach. With his hair short, his expressions were even more intense, and she decided it suited the warrior inside him.

"I..." he started. "I lost it at the blast. I've been stuffing my pain and my fear, and the blast snapped my mind. I didn't mean what I said and I shouldn't have said it at all, let alone in public, with all your friends and coworkers around. It's inexcusable, unacceptable-"

"Fucked up," Troy added, arms crossed, attention now riveted to the apology.

"Shitty," Wes supplied, hands on hips.

"Cowardly," Keaton offered.

Nathan shot a scowl over his shoulder. "Shut the fuck up. You're here at witnesses, not spokespeople." Then turned back to Rachel. "And, yeah, all those things too." He took a breath and met her eyes steadily. "I'm so, so sorry, Rachel."

Her heart throbbed painfully beneath her ribs. She couldn't draw more than shallow wisps of air into her lungs. And her vision blurred with stinging tears.

With one nod, she cleared her throat and managed, "Apology accepted. I'm sure you'll be able to breathe better. Now go catch your flight."

She got four steps toward the waterline before Nathan's hand curved around her arm. "Wait," he said softly, "I'm...I'm not done."

A weary exhale escaped. "Well, I am." She looked up into Nathan's eyes, trying to memorize them for her memories. "Look around you, Nathan. You're doing it again. I have to work with these people every day."

"I know. That's why I'm here." Without taking his gaze off hers, he dropped to his knees in the sand. Just dropped. Straight down with no warning. Rachel gasped and automatically reached for his arm. But he caught her hand and cradled it in both hands.

"Finally, it's getting good," Duke said from where he stood next to Jax. "I was starting to think I'd wasted two hours trapped in the car with you guys for a snooze-fest.

Behind him, Troy asked, "You rolling?"

Rachel's gaze followed Troy's to a cameraman who'd turned his equipment on Rachel and Nathan. He nodded to Troy, who grinned like the devil.

"You're all sick." She turned and continued toward the water with the plan of diving in and swimming out as far as she could.

"No, Rachel-"

A hand caught her ankle, nearly tripping her. She looked over her shoulder. Nathan was chest-down in the sand, his hand clutched around her foot.

"I don't believe you..." she said through clenched teeth.

She would have ranted, sworn, acted like a complete lunatic, but she really didn't want to see her own mental meltdown on Entertainment Tonight anytime soon.

Still holding on, Nathan pushed upright and walked on his knees toward her, his handsome face flooded with a painful level of regret and tilted up for everyone to see.

"Don't do this, Nathan," Rachel whispered urgently, embarrassed for herself, mortified for him. "Please."

"I wronged you in public," he said from where he knelt at her feet. "It's only right that I apologize in public."

Her insides bubbled with emotion. The absurdity of the situation pushed a tight laugh from her throat. She closed her eyes and shook her head. Tried to pull her hand back, but Nathan held tight.

Dammit.

"Then just get it over with," she muttered.

He released her leg and took a breath that raised his shoulders. "I'm...crazy about you. I've never been in love, so I don't know what it feels like, but I love my guys and I know how torn up I am inside when I have to leave them or feel like I'm letting them down. And what I feel for you is ten times stronger. I'm sorry for all the mistakes I made, for the stupid things I said, for hurting you. I'm sorry for all of it..." Another deep breath preceded a shift in his eyes, where fear and vulnerability shone clearly. "I won't promise I'll ever be perfect, but I can promise to keep trying."

She forced her internal shield to hold, but beneath, she ached. "You should have stopped with the apology."

Before she could move, he lunged forward and wrapped his arms around her. With his chin on her belly, he looked up into her eyes. "I'm a fucking train wreck, baby, I admit it. But I've found a therapist and postponed my next tour. I want to be better. I want to be the kind of man you need."

"Oh my God." This was heart wrenching. He buried his face in her belly and kissed the strip of skin exposed beneath the hem of her T-shirt. Rachel lowered her hand to his head, and the short cut bristled against her palm. "You are a fucking lunatic."

He laughed and nodded against her body, his warm breath sliding over her skin. The question that had plagued her ever since he'd brought up that "what if" filled her mind again, but she didn't see any way of making something this troubled work with that kind of time and distance between them.

She lowered to a crouch and took his face in her hands.

"Thank you," she said softly. "I needed to know you were going to take care of yourself. And I'm crazy about you, too. But I can't be a military girlfriend, Nathan. It would be too hard on both of us. I won't drag this out." She leaned in and kissed him gently. "Now go back to you those guys you love so much. They need you."

When she lowered her lashes and pushed to stand, tears spilled over. But she didn't get to her feet. Nathan pulled her down again.

"But I need you," he said, his gaze sharp and focused and searching hers. "I can understand why you wouldn't want me now, but I believe in us, and I'll be waiting-in Virginia-when you change your mind."

"Virginia?" she said as if she'd never heard of the state. "What's in Virginia?"

"Me." He kissed her hands. "I transferred for my last tour. I'm not going back overseas."

Her mouth dropped open. Her legs gave, and she slumped from the crouch onto her knees. "What?"

He shook his head. "It's not where I should be anymore." He pulled her face close and murmured against her lips, "I belong with you." He kissed her gently. "And I'll be spending every day for however long it takes to prove I'm serious, prove I'm making changes, prove I love you."

Then he slid his arm around her shoulders and pulled her close for one of his wet, slow, devastating kisses.

Earsplitting applause broke out around them, along with whistles and cheers from the Renegades. Rachel's mouth curved against Nathan's, and joy, a deep, rich joy, filled her.

"Okay," Jax called in his deep voice. "Everyone back to work. Guys," he said to the other Renegades, "grab boards and get out on the waves. Give these two some privacy."

Chatter and laughter picked up as the crowd dispersed. Rachel pulled out of the kiss with a hitch in her heart. "What are you going to do in Virginia?"

"I'll be building up a shitload of frequent-flier miles is what." He pressed his forehead to hers. "It's the only EOD unit in the States, or I would have put in for a hardship transfer closer." His hand stroked through her hair once, then he dragged her into his arms and held her so tight, she could barely breathe. "Fuck, I've been living with a hole in my chest without you."

More tears spilled over her cheeks as she whispered, "I've missed you, too." But she wasn't so sure about this whole cross-country relationship. "Nathan..."

He pulled back and wiped her tears from her cheek with his thumb.

"A cross-country romance might sound doable now, but in reality..."

"I know how much Renegades means to you." His gaze scanned her face with so much affection, her heart filled until she thought it would burst. "But you mean just as much to me, and I'm gonna do whatever I have to do to make this work. I've seen Mike's therapist a couple times in the last few days, and he's helping me line up another one in Virginia. This" -he pushed her hair off her face- "is where I belong now."

"I happen to know that Norfolk and Richmond are very accessible airports with nonstop flights all over the world." Jax's voice cut in, startling Rachel. She'd thought he'd grabbed gone down to the water with the others. "And with this new...bonanza...of cash from the Bond film, travel expenses for a location scout would be very manageable. The pay ain't bad either. More than you're making now, in a place with half the cost of living than LA."

Her mind spun with the offer. "What are you talking about?"

He lifted a shoulder. "Lexi and I discussed possibilities."

He didn't need to say any more. Rachel saw the events leading to this moment click together-Nathan had gone to Jax, looking for Rachel. Jax had talked it over with Lexi and created this alternate plan for Rachel, enabling her to take this leap with a safety net if that's what she wanted.

The realization pulled up another torrent of emotion-gratitude, love, excitement. Because if they believed in Nathan enough to make that move, Rachel knew what her heart had been telling her for weeks was real.

Still, it was another big jump in her life. Far bigger than her move from the valley to Los Angeles. And, as right as it might feel in her heart, she knew Nathan faced big hurdles ahead.

"But, what about you guys?" she asked Jax even while her grip tighten on Nathan's arm. "You're my family."

"Oh, we're not letting go of you that easily. We'll get you back here for one reason or another at least once a month." Jax ran a hand over Rachel's head with a loving smile. "Think about it, honey. I'd do just about anything to keep you with Renegades. I've got the filming here for now. Take a few hours for yourselves."

Now her heart filled doubly wide, and her chest ached in a whole new way. She looked back at Nathan and read the hope in his gaze. She tipped her head, her mind filled with should I? And as if Nathan read her mind, he nodded.

Jax started past them, toward the filming, and Rachel grabbed the pant leg of his jeans.

This was so impulsive. But then she looked at Nathan again, and she knew this whole impulsive thing was something she'd have to learn to get used to, because it brought her the best things in life.

She looked up at Jax, and offered a breathless, "I'll take it."

Jax smiled, nodded, and continued on his way.

But every time she made one, it got a little less frightening. And...she was pretty good at it, if she did say so herself.

She met Nathan's gaze again, his gray-green eyes now filled with deep, soft emotions.

"Oh, shit...." she breathed, her heart tapping quick against her ribs. "That was a big leap."

Nathan's hand framed her face, and his warm eyes fixed on hers. "I've got you," he said, his voice filled with confidence and reassurance. "I may be a fuck up in other areas, baby, but I'll never let you fall. I'll always have your back."

The butterflies in her chest quieted. "Yeah?"

A smile twitched at the corners of his mouth, but his eyes remained serious. "Oh, yeah."

She wrapped her fingers around his wrist, calming a little more with the solid feel. "We can make this? Together?"

He nodded. "Absolutely."

"And you'll let me help you?"

"Bank on it, baby." One side of his lips curved and he leaned in, pressing his forehead to hers. "Are you coming to Virginia with me?"

Oh, my God. Yes. Yes. Her heart, her soul, every part of her screamed yes.

She bit her lip against the ridiculous rightness flooding her heart. "If...I could find a roommate. These last couple of weeks I've discovered I really don't like being alone."

Released her face with a whoosh of relief, wrapped her in his arms and dragged her against his body, rocking her back and forth. "I think I know the perfect guy," he whispered in her ear. "Only, he wants more than a roommate."

She turned her head, pressed her face into his neck, and kissed him there. "I'm willing to negotiate fringe benefits."

He laughed, pulled back, and clasped her face in one big, strong hand. "I love you, Rachel Hart."

Her chest opened, heart swelled. "I love you, too." She kissed him hard and deep, pulling away with a view of her life that was 180 degrees different than it had been an hour ago. "What do you say we head back to my hotel?" she asked, running her hand down the front of his soft cotton tee. "We've got a few hours to get a head start on those...negotiations."

He stood, pulled her to her feet, then lifted her into his arms. "I should warn you," he said with a devilish grin, "I've been trained by the United States Army in such delicate matters."

She stroked one finger over the shell of his ear. "I know, Master Sargent Nathan Jefferson Ryker. I've read your file."

