Chapter One

Dear Mom:

Bell is growing like a sunflower. I bought her some new shoes, a size and a half larger than the last pair, but she insists on wearing the old ones with her toes sticking out of the holes. She told me to return the new ones and put the money into our Disneyland fund, but what she doesn't know is there is no fund.

I made up the Disneyland thing so she wouldn't know the real reason we don't order pizza delivery like other people do.

Before we found our current place, we spent a month couch-surfing, and two nights sleeping in the car when there was nowhere else to go. The second morning was really cold, and Bell drew faces in the fog on the glass.

I looked up your brother, and he helped us find an apartment that's too good to be real. Bell has her own bedroom, and it's called Princess Land.

The funny thing is, your brother didn't believe I was real. He'd never even heard my name before the day I knocked on his door.

I hope you're still alive.

Aubrey

The guy with the messed-up tattoos kept staring at the gold ring on my finger, like he knew it was a lie. Every time I came by to check on him at his corner table, he'd look up at me expectantly. Confess, his beautiful moss-green eyes said. Confess.

"Another beer?" I rested the round tray against my hip like a professional. I'd barely been inside a bar before, and now I was waiting tables like an expert.

"Why are you so familiar?" He set down his pen, closed his sketch book, and shook out his right hand. The sinews of his forearm flexed beneath his strange tattoo. It was a seascape, with an octopus and other creatures. The black lines were clean and straight, but the blue and green made no sense, crossing over the lines randomly.

Was the new tattoo a cover-up of something else, and not yet finished? There was a more logical answer, though, and it was on the edge of my mind.

"Cat got your tongue? Who are you?" he asked.

Without taking my eyes off the blue-smudged octopus, I muttered, "I'm nobody. I'm new here."

"But you look like someone I know. Why is that?"

I swallowed hard and jerked my eyes to meet his. Dark, wavy hair framed a handsome face with high cheekbones. And those eyes. They were like the bottom of the sea, like my worst nightmares and darkest dreams.

He continued, "Maybe if you smiled for once, I could figure out who you remind me of. Do you ever smile? Are you a happy girl with a sad face, or are you sad through and through?"

"Why are your tattoos so messed up?"

He rolled his one sleeve up over his bicep, revealing a pair of seahorses, scribbled over in orange and pink.

"The male seahorse gives birth to the young," he said.

"Everybody knows that."

He chuckled. "Every hot girl I meet is a marine biologist."

As he pushed his dark hair away from his eyes, the inside of one arm flashed its secret-a name, scrawled in marker: Toby.

"I get it," I said. "You fell asleep, and some little kid colored in your tattoos with markers."

"You're half right. I wasn't asleep."

"Is the kid your son?"

He laughed, loud, then pretended to wipe a tear from his eye. "C'mon, do I look like I have a kid?" He stretched his arms out for us both to admire. "The colors are from my nephew."

"Toby," I said. He seemed confused, so I pointed to the signature, accidentally touching him with my fingertip. "He signed his masterpiece."

The stranger smiled, revealing perfect, straight teeth. Good breeding. Or money. I wondered what his parents thought about the tattoos. They probably had an opinion.

I twisted my lie of a ring and tried not to think about how hot his skin had felt, and how stupid and giggly his eyes made me feel.

"I'm Sawyer Jones," he said, offering me his hand to shake. He had a scar above his knuckles that stretched up to his thumb. I'd seen scars like that on guys who fought a lot-they got the scar from hitting someone in the mouth and having the guy's teeth slice the skin right open.

His palm waited before me. I didn't want to touch him, but the other servers had been lecturing me about being friendlier. I couldn't understand why running back and forth with the right drinks and change wasn't enough for people.

"Aubrey with a b, like auburn."

"Like your hair."

"My hair's just brown."

"And how old are you, Aubrey with a b?"

"Old enough."

"Too young to be married." He had a mischievous grin as he looked pointedly at my left hand.

I shrugged. "Them's the breaks. Another beer?"

He leaned forward, like he was about to get out of his chair, but didn't. "You going to be here a while?"

I glanced at the imaginary watch that wasn't on my wrist. "Few more hours."

We were interrupted by some people yelling a few tables over. They were two guys from up north, down in the Lower Mainland for a court case, for "bullshit charges," as one of them had told me. Every other word was profanity, and getting louder.

Sawyer got up and slipped past me, heading in a straight line for their table. What the hell was wrong with him? You don't mess with guys who have nothing to lose. Those two were the human equivalent of a piece of shit car that you let go ahead of you on the road.

I was scared for the guy, but then the strangest thing happened. As he got closer to their table, the two guys seemed to get smaller, shrinking into their chairs. Sawyer was tall, but not enormous, so it had to be his swagger alone that made him seem so intimidating.

He was speaking low and quiet, so I couldn't make out what he was saying, but the two guys had wide eyes and kept nodding. He offered them his hand-the same hot hand I'd just held-and they each shook it respectfully.

Dumbfounded, I just stood there, my jaw dropped.

Sawyer came back to his table, a hint of a sexy smirk on his face. He looked eager for me to ask him what he'd said, but I wouldn't give him the satisfaction, even though I was dying to know.

His face switched from sexy smirk to smug grin. "Just call me the Redneck Whisperer."

"Another beer?"

"That sounds like a fine idea. One more, and I don't want to get out of control, so I promise I'll nurse it so I can keep you company the rest of your shift." He looked pointedly at the two guys in their court-date finery, ties unfastened and shirts unbuttoned. They were both red-faced, but no longer belligerent. "I'll keep an eye on Rednecks One and Two over there for you."

"Oh, really?"

He winked at me. "Yes, really."

I turned around to go pour the beer, a lightness in my face. Possibly the beginning of a genuine smile. It was kind of sweet to have someone looking out for me.

The beer was only half-poured when the two rednecks got up and crossed over to the pool table. One of them could barely walk in a straight line, which meant it was time to cut him off, but the taller, skinny one glared at me with malevolence in his eyes.

Great. My trouble was just beginning.

Unfortunately for me, it was still early in the day. I was the only floor server on shift, so they were definitely my problem for the next hour.

I looked over at my uncle with pleading eyes, but he was busy sweating and grunting over a leaking line under the counter.

"Hey, Uncle Bruce?"

He didn't look up from where he was crouched. "Just call me Bruce. That other word makes me feel old. Makes my knees hurt."

"Which drink did you say was the best one for servers?"

He put the wrench down and turned to look up at me. Unlike my mother and me, he didn't have blue eyes, but got the same amber-brown eyes as my Grandpa Jack. Bruce had the same dark, wavy hair and narrow nose that I inherited. My little sister Bell got lucky with blond hair and a button nose, but I got the Braun family traits. My uncle wasn't even forty, but he wore a thick, full beard that made him look older and tougher.

Bruce scratched his neck, his lower lip jutting out. "Gin. Pace yourself. No more than one an hour."

"It's just that those guys are such ass**les."

"A doctor doesn't hold back the medicine, kid. If those guys put you on edge, have a drink so you're on their level. It's what we do in the hospitality business."

"But you don't drink at work."

"Not where anyone can see me."

I poured myself a shot glass of gin, ducked down behind the bar, pretending to be retrieving something from the floor, and downed the gin shot in one swallow.

"Like a champ," Bruce said, and he offered me his fist to bump.

The gin burned all the way down to my stomach, where it pooled as fire. Good fire.

Twenty minutes later, I walked over to the rednecks with a bounce in my step. At my gentle suggestion, the shorter guy switched to beer, though the freaky guy with the buzz cut hair ordered a double rye and coke and told me he was "just getting started."

He paid for the round and gave me a generous tip.

Muttering my thanks, I turned to get away quickly, but he called after me.

"Hey, how much for a smile?"

This was during the quiet part of the song playing over the stereo, and his voice carried through the bar. I stopped in place, my back to the guys.

Over at his table, at the other end of the L-shaped pub, Sawyer looked up at me from his sketch book. I glared at him. If he hadn't told these guys to behave, they could have just had their rowdy time, but they'd had their pride injured. Their proud manhood challenged.

How much for a smile?

I treated the question as rhetorical and continued my way back to the bar. I felt safer behind the counter, able to breathe better thanks to the division of wood and stone.

What was it with guys trying to make you smile? First they get you to smile, then they know they have power over you-the power to make you obey. Soon you do things you don't want to.

Bruce looked up at me from under the counter. "Need me to bust some heads out there, or do you have it under control?"

"I can handle a couple drunk rednecks."

He grinned, the upper part of his beard splitting along the knobby scar on his upper lip. My uncle had been born a premature baby, with a cleft palate. After Bruce was out of intensive care, they'd given him surgery to correct the split on his lip and the roof of his mouth. Now he wore a partial denture with false teeth bridging the gap, but his lips didn't quite match up. He probably thought the beard gave him camouflage, but it only made people more curious. So it always goes with secrets-the cover story becomes the clue.

"Not rednecks. We call them customers," he said, gently correcting me.

"Maybe I'll marry one of them."

Bruce's expression was caught between horror and laughter. "I can never tell if you're joking."

"Me neither."

Bruce raised his eyebrows in amusement. "You gotta roll with the punches, kid. People come here to get away from all that civility nonsense. Suits and ties and bullshit. I've never worn a tie in my life, and I don't plan to, not even at my funeral."

"What about at your wedding?"

He laughed. "Who'd marry me? Women want tall, good-looking guys, like my friend Sawyer over there with the sketch book. He's been watching you like you're HBO."

"Don't change the topic. Why don't you have a girlfriend? You have your own business."

"Why don't you have a boyfriend?"

"Because I'm raising a little girl who doesn't need strange guys hanging around, confusing her."

"Did... your mother do that a lot?"

That familiar lump of anger started up my throat. The alcohol warming my blood made it seem possible for me to forgive her, and I didn't like that. I would always love my mother, but I would never forgive her.

Bruce got a phone call and disappeared to the office.

I sliced up a couple more limes. We didn't need any more, but I liked the clean smell.

The bar started to fill up over the next hour, and one of the other servers started her shift. To my relief, she took the pool table side, rednecks and all.

Sawyer kept trying to talk to me, but I was pissed at him, pissed at the whole world. I just wanted to get through the night.

Toward the end of my shift, my purple-haired coworker Lana came up and wrapped her arm around my waist. Lana was a very touchy person, putting her arm around me at least once every shift we shared. She was older than me, in her thirties, and she had a teenage son. Her wedding ring was real, unlike mine. I liked her, so I tried not to shudder and pull away from her half-hug.

"Wanna earn some easy money?" she asked.

"I told you, Lana, I'll babysit for you any time."

She laughed and tossed back her dyed-purple hair. "My cutie-pies at the pool table are makin' ridiculous bets." Lana flashed me her easy grin, her round cheeks dimpling. "They're gettin' me to ask you to go humor them. They'll give you a hundred bucks if you sink a ball."

I tried not to gag over her referring to them as cutie-pies. "Forget it. Fuck those guys."

"You won't lose, though. And if you do, you won't lose money." She grinned and nodded in their direction. "Just go over there."

I looked around for Bruce, but he was deep in conversation with some regulars at the bar.

The two rednecks had become a group of five at the pool table, all chanting, "Aubrey, Aubrey!"

Lana told them my name? I sincerely wished I'd made up a fake name for working at the bar. It felt so invasive to have people I didn't know using my name, acting like I was their friend.

One of the guys put a pile of rumpled bills on the edge of the table. A hundred dollars.

The skinny guy handed me a pool cue and taunted me with his hateful glare. "Sink that shot and you get that money," he said.

"What if I don't make the shot?"

"If you lose, you have to give me a big smile."

"Fine."

I approached the pool table. Everyone got quiet, all eyes on me.

I leaned down and looked at the balls. The orange ball was in the easiest position, so I leaned forward and rested the cue on my knuckles.

"Not that one," the guy said, angling to get behind me as his friends all leered, practically slobbering at the prospect of me leaning over the pool table. "The green. Corner pocket."

"Fine."

"Get ready to smile."

I tried to focus on the shot, to block out the noise of the bar, but that only made me more aware of my heart pounding and my hands sweating. I wiped my palms on my black skirt and leaned forward again.

Everything felt wrong. My arms felt wrong, and my legs were shaking. When was the last time I'd eaten? Was this the kind of shot that seems easy, but the white ball just follows the other down the pocket?

I was so focused on the shot, I didn't notice the guy moving up on me until it was too late, and he had his body behind me and his hands on my ass.

I grabbed one of the pool balls and wheeled around, ready to hit him with it.

The dirtbag was down on the floor, and a tattooed arm flashed before me as Sawyer pulled away from the man. One punch, and the guy was already down, holding his hands up and apologizing. Sawyer looked furious, but in control.

Holy shit, that happened fast.

Lana was there, breathless and patting my hand.

"Honey, you all right? I just saw it happening from over there and we came right over. They were getting a little handsy, but that was out of line." Her eyes were wide and sympathetic.

Sawyer and the guy's friend were already hauling the man up and out by his armpits. I wanted to kick him, but stayed back with Lana.

"I think my shift is over," I said.

"Get on home, then! I'll see to your section's tabs. It's the least I can do for sending you over here like this."

People were staring, and someone was pointing a cell phone our way, taking a photo or video. Or maybe just checking their email. I couldn't tell, but I felt suspicious.

My head was buzzing from the adrenaline. I darted behind the bar to grab my purse, and ran out the back door, on the opposite side of the building as the entrance. Walking wasn't fast enough. Hearing nothing but the sound of my feet on the pavement and my own breathing was all I needed to clear my head.

How could I have been so stupid? Bruce had mentioned that he needed to get a mirror put up in that corner of the bar. I should have known those guys were trouble, but I'd lost my senses for what... a hundred dollars. Or the promise of it. And what if he'd tried to do more than grab my ass? I didn't want to think about it.

Someone was running after me, calling my name.

I thought maybe it was Bruce, but it was Sawyer, gaining on me.

Chapter Two

"Oh, just leave me alone!" I yelled back at Sawyer. "I'm fine."

"Let me walk you home!"

I stopped and wheeled around, ready to lay into him. It was all his fault. He'd gotten those guys riled up in the first place with his little talk.

As he got closer, I saw he had blood on his knuckles.

The world started to get blacker than it already was, the starry sky pulling itself into one small speck of light. My knees buckled.

I dropped to the grass, and he sat right next to me.

"I shouldn't have hit that guy," he said.

"I'm glad you did."

"My heart's pounding."

I breathed deeply and felt my own heart, slowing down now.

We were sitting on grass next to a sidewalk, at the mid-point between two streetlights.

He was looking so concerned and enjoying his opportunity to be Mr. Tough Guy Hero.

"Thanks for everything, really." I got to my feet. "I just want to go home."

"Fine. I'll walk you." He shook his hand and rubbed his knuckles on his T-shirt, leaving a smear of blood on the dark brown shirt. His knuckles didn't look cut, so it must have been the other guy's blood.

I got walking, and Sawyer skipped to catch up.

"I don't feel like talking," I said.

He didn't respond to that, just walked silently alongside me.

After a few minutes, I decided I didn't mind his presence. When he wasn't talking, I could pretend he was a pit bull. My own personal bodyguard.

The air outside was warmer than I expected, given it was still spring. I imagined talking to Sawyer, telling him I'd lived in the country most of my life. I tried to find us places to live that were near parks and lots of trees, but a starry night sky like the one above us made me miss the country so bad. The sound of frogs around a pond was so much better than cars whizzing by on a main road.

I stumbled over some gravel, and Sawyer looked like he was about to sweep me up in his arms. Please. Yes, I was a little shaken, but I wasn't going to shatter to pieces over one stupid thing like that. Bad things happen, and you move on. You do what you need to do to protect yourself, and you keep on living your life.

He looked down at me, concern still on his face.

A boy scraped by on his skateboard. Dogs barked. We walked past a run-down house with people spilling out the front door, smoking weed and talking loud over the music. Some of the guys called after us, telling us to come join the party, but I didn't even look back. Sawyer gave them a friendly wave and we kept walking.

Before I crossed into Canada and moved here to Surrey, I used to hang out with some pretty wild girls I met at my last job. They would have marched right into that party and demanded drinks and smokes, no problem. They would have laughed and sat on the counter in the kitchen and flirted with all the guys.

Thinking about them made me crave a cigarette for the first time in months. Everybody at that fast food restaurant smoked, it seemed, and if you wanted to actually get breaks during a shift, you had to take up the habit. At first I only smoked that bargain brand, OP-Other People's. Charlotte would find me in the kitchen, scrubbing down the fryer and say, "Hey, Aubrey. Want some OP?"

I'd say, "You know me," and follow her out to the back.

We'd sit on milk crates in the alley, practicing our French inhale and blowing smoke rings.

I would have never guessed Charlotte was stealing from me, possibly because she was so generous with the cigarettes. Even six months later, it was hard to believe the cash hadn't just wandered out of my purse on a regular basis, and the few valuables at my apartment hadn't just been misplaced.

After my suede boots disappeared, I should have confronted her, but it was so much easier to pretend I didn't know. Sometimes when she looked at me, I thought I could see the guilt in her eyes, and I made a note to myself what guilt looked like.

One day, she didn't show up for her shift, and I found out through the other girls she'd been hospitalized for alcohol poisoning. Then I didn't know anymore if that look I'd seen in her eyes was actually guilt, or desperation.

She never came back to work, and one day I saw my suede boots in a thrift shop, and I bought them back for ten dollars.

Sawyer's deep voice rumbled through my thoughts intrusively. "Whatcha thinkin' about?"

"My suede boots. I think I'll wear them to work tomorrow." We were still three blocks from my apartment, so I picked up the pace.

"But what else? You've got to be thinking about more than suede boots."

"I'm also thinking about how people pretend to be your friends, but they're actually lowlife dirtbags, and everybody steals from everybody, and that's just how it is."

"Ouch."

We walked for a minute, nothing but the sound of some dogs barking in the distance and our feet on the sidewalk.

He said, "Why doesn't your husband pick you up from work?"

"That's a good point. Maybe you should ask him. Or maybe you should mind your own f**king business."

He took an audible breath and stuck his hands in his pockets. "I sure hope you don't live far from here, because I don't know how much more abuse I can take."

"Then go. I don't need you."

He stopped still in his tracks, and I kept walking. I knew he wanted me to look back, or apologize, and maybe I should have, but I didn't.

My life was barely holding together as it was, and some guy coming along and getting into my business was the last thing I wanted.

Even if he was cute.

I wore the suede boots to work on Saturday, and Bruce stared down at them as he pushed a bulky envelope toward me on his desk.

"Am I in trouble?"

We were in the tiny office at the back of the pub, and he was eating minestrone soup straight from the can. He paused, one gelatinous spoonful near his lips.

"Guilty conscience?" he said.

"No," I snapped.

"Are you okay, though? You don't have to be here today. Sawyer came back last night and said you got home and seemed okay, but what happened was my fault."

"No, it wasn't your fault. I should have been more aware, but I was thinking about that hundred bucks. So stupid."

"You're not stupid. And I'm serious about you taking some time off. And I've been thinking about safety for you servers, in general. I've got someone coming by first thing Monday to put a big mirror across from that corner, so there won't be a blind spot there anymore."

"Those guys said they weren't from around here, so I don't think they'll be back."

Bruce grinned. "No, I think Sawyer taught them a lesson."

With his smile, the mood lifted, and I felt confident I could put the previous night behind me.

"Is Sawyer a friend of yours?" I asked.

"No, he's too cool to be friends with an old guy like me." He nudged the envelope at me again, making me take it. "Here, this is for you."

"Coupons?"

He laughed. "You have such a weird, dark sense of humor. Seriously, we should do an open mike night here and you can do your act."

"How do you do that? How do you always take everything like it's a joke?"

"I'm always drunk."

"No, you're not." I picked up his coffee and sniffed it to be sure.

He turned back to his computer screen, shoveling the rest of the cold soup down quickly.

I opened the envelope to find a wad of cash, more than a hundred dollars. I'd left in a rush the night before, but this was way more than any possible tips I'd left behind.

"You're paying me under the table?"

"No, you'll get your paycheck from the bookkeeper when she's here. That's a gift for you."

My vision blurred as I fought back hot tears. "This must be a couple hundred dollars."

"Is it? Time for you to get that tooth fixed up. I know it's bugging you, but maybe after you get it yanked out or filled in or drilled out, maybe then you'll be more inclined to smile."

"Thank you, Uncle Bruce. I swear I'll pay you back as soon as I can."

"It's a gift, not a loan. But I insist you get that tooth fixed. No more pointless suffering. You always put Bell's needs ahead of yours, but you need to take care of yourself."

I folded the money and tucked half in one front pocket and half in the other. I always split my money in half like that because I hated the idea of reaching for my money and finding an empty pocket.

"Thank you."

He scraped around in his cold can of soup. "Fix the tooth."

"Of course." I backed out of the office, my head spinning.

Because it was Saturday, we had two other servers helping, not that we needed three people serving when the nice weather had most people doing yard work at home. Barely a dozen patrons were scattered around the bar, and half of them turned to stare at me. I traced the outline of the cash in my pockets to make sure it was still there.

A familiar dark-haired guy with tattoos walked in, blinking around as his eyes adjusted from the bright sunshine to our windowless space. He gave me a shy wave and lumbered over to his favorite table. He was tall enough he had to nudge the table away from the wall to make room for his elbow.

I headed straight for him, meaning to thank him for the night before.

He spoke first, saying, "Those are great suede boots. I can see why you were thinking about them on the walk home last night."

The unexpected compliment broke over me like a wave, and I searched my mind for something nice to say in return.

"I like your arms," I said.

He raised one thick, dark brown eyebrow and gave me an amused look with those bottom-of-the-sea green eyes.

"Not your arms," I stammered. "Your tattoos. I meant to ask you the other day, but did you draw them yourself?"

He glanced behind me, in the direction of where the fight had happened the night before. He rubbed his one hand over the knuckles of the other, as if remembering.

"Tell me about your drawings I saw you doing."

He flipped open his sketch book and flipped past pages of seascapes drawn in bold black lines. "For my sleeves, I sketched the basic concept, and this friend of mine actually did the ink. If you want any work done, let me know and I'll take you to see him."

"You'll take me?"

He grinned, flashing those perfect teeth my way. "You can't go all by yourself."

"Says who?"

He tilted his head to the side, studying me. "You're argumentative, and tough like a microwaved steak, but I don't think you're a sad girl through and through. I bet you get deliriously happy doing something other people find stupid, like playing mini-golf."

"Is mini-golf still a real thing? I thought they tore all those places down, like drive-in theaters."

He stared at me for a moment without speaking, then shook his head. "Sorry, I blanked out there. I was just imagining what sort of tattoo you might get. Probably black roses, with long thorns."

"No."

His eyes shifted, moving down my body and across my folded arms. His gaze was palpable, like hands caressing me, his flesh burning against mine like a fever.

He tried again. "Barbed wire?"

"No."

"Lemme think. Your tattoo wouldn't be something cute and girlie, like a cartoon character. That wouldn't be you."

I shook my head. No, a cartoon wouldn't be me at all.

He leafed through his sketch book and stopped on a drawing of jellyfish, round and luminous even in rough black ink.

I tilted my head to the side in an unconscious maybe.

He kept leafing through the book, one page at a time, watching my expression. The drawings were mostly of things under the sea, but then there was a section of other creatures, including crickets and dragonflies under trumpet-shaped flowers.

Everything else around me disappeared as I was swept away into the images. Even as these rough drawings, the plants had a life to them, like they might continue growing off the page after Sawyer closed the book. The man wasn't just good at throwing his fists at people's faces. With a pen in hand, he also had access to the kind of creativity and dexterity people dream of having.

He slowly turned the page to a frog, and he stopped.

I murmured, "What else have you got?"

"That's you." He pointed to the frog, partially hidden by the sweeping curl of a leaf.

"I don't think so." A frog? I shook my head.

"Your eyes lit up when you saw the frog. That's you."

I looked around to make sure other people weren't overhearing me being compared to a frog. The bar wasn't very big, and during moments like this when the HVAC system wasn't blowing and the stereo wasn't turned up for the evening rush, you could hear way too much.

Sawyer took the cap off his pen and started adding fine lines of shading to the image, hiding and revealing the frog at the same time, creating magic in a way I didn't understand. In art classes back in school, I'd been able to copy another image very easily, transferring it up and down in scale, but when I went to make anything original, the page stayed blank until I scribbled across it in frustration. I didn't know what it was artists saw when they looked at unfinished work, but it wasn't what I saw.

He ripped the page right out of the book and held it up toward me.

"Oh, no, I couldn't take your art. I'm not going to get a tattoo, either. Not even your frog."

"You could put it on your fridge, if your husband doesn't mind."

"Who?"

He smirked at my hand, reminding me of the pawn-shop wedding band I wore.

His beautiful green eyes did that thing again, where they urged me to confess. Confess my sins. And my lies. And my dark desires.

I stared at his lips, wondering what they tasted like. He shook out his pen hand, flexing his fingers along with his muscles under his smooth, tattooed skin. My mother always said to stay away from boys with tattoos. She also warned against fingertips yellowed by smoking, and anyone in the wrong type of shoes-too worn-down or too fancy.

She had a lot of advice for me, mostly in the form of what she would do if she were me. Before she disappeared, she'd say these things out of the blue, like they'd been on her mind all day. We'd be making dinner and she'd stare wistfully out the window at the back pasture and say, "If I got pregnant again, I wouldn't have the baby. I'd get rid of it. I only wanted two kids, and I'm happy with what I've got."

Then she'd pet my hair, like that was a normal thing for a parent to say.

She said it once when Bell was in the kitchen, and my little sister had burst into tears, pleading for a little brother or sister. When I came home on the school bus that afternoon, there was a basket of baby rabbits and Bell playing with them in the grass at the front of the trailer. We named them all, and kept them in the old chicken coop, until they were slaughtered for dinner.

As we ate the rabbit stew the first night, Derek saw fit to teach us one of his many life lessons.

"Humans are the king of the jungle," he said to Bell, who was barely three at the time and thought the sun rose and set on Derek.

"Wowie, wowie," she said, which was her response to everything. She'd first said it when I showed her my favorite tree, with a branch wide enough for sitting and reading, completely hidden in the canopy of leaves. Wowie wowie could mean anything, from "tell me more" to "gimme that."

She also called him Daddy, which made me sick to my stomach. Derek didn't deserve that title.

"Might makes right," Derek said, flexing one muscular arm. Not only did he have tattoos-awful ones with demonic faces swirling around na**d women-but the fingertips on his right hand were yellowed from nicotine. My mother broke more rules than she made.

I ate my stew and tried not to think of how the bunnies had been slaughtered. I hoped it was at least quick, and they didn't understand what was happening.

Derek continued his lesson, "If you see something, you take it." He banged his fist on the table, making Bell scream in a mix of fear and delight. "Take it!"

My mother kicked me under the table. "Don't you dare roll your eyes when Derek is speaking. This is his house, and you'll show him respect, young lady."

Derek grinned at me, then held two fingers up to his mouth and darted his tongue between them suggestively. Even without laying a hand on me, he did everything he could to make me uncomfortable, including walking into my bedroom in the morning and yanking the blankets off me. "Caught you touchin' yerself didn't I? Let me smell your fingers," he'd say, laughing.

Shivering.

Couldn't get warm.

"Hey?"

Sawyer was still holding the drawing out to me. We were in the bar, and I'd just blanked out, lost in a past I was running away from. What was the point of moving if I packed it up with me in my mind?

I took the paper gingerly.

"Thanks."

"I'm not going to ask for a smile, because I don't like rejection, but maybe you could look at something I'm working on and give me your honest feedback."

"Sure." I nodded at his book.

"Oh, not in here. It's bigger than this. Six feet by nine feet. Do you know anything about art?"

"I'm really busy."

He leaned back, resting one arm across the back of the empty chair next to him. "Did I ever tell you I'm a great pool player?"

I took a small step back, craning my neck around for an excuse to leave but finding none.

He continued, "You keep looking over at that pool table. After what happened, do you think you'll ever play pool again?"

"I don't know."

"You could hustle people for a little extra cash. I can't make you a champion, but I can bring your skill up so you don't embarrass yourself."

My whole body felt tense, prickling with an all-over sweat.

"Thanks, but I'm going to stay away from pool. And guys who play it."

"You have to get back on the horse." He frowned down at his hand, which I could see now had some lacerations on the knuckles. "That's a bad expression, but I mean you should play a game with someone you trust, so it doesn't become a traumatic block."

"I'm fine. I swear."

"Maybe you should play a game just for fun, then."

"Listen, I thanked you last night. I'll buy you a beer today. Can you do me a huge favor and never mention what happened again?"

"Deal. But only if you still look at my art."

Looking over my shoulder, I muttered, "Not this week."

"I'm surprisingly patient," he said. "I can stare at something beautiful for hours and hours."

Rolling my eyes, I walked away from his table.

Chapter Three

At the bar, I poured Sawyer his pint and handed it off to one of the other servers to bring out, excusing myself to the washroom. My nerves were on edge and I needed a few minutes without other people looking at me.

Sawyer was really sexy, which was why I didn't want to be friendly. When everyone you've ever counted on eventually lets you down or betrays you, you learn to protect yourself by keeping a safe distance. The distance doesn't need to be a chain link fence and razor wire. Even a white picket fence will send a message. The boundary line is here. I'm on this side, you're over there.

Good fences made good neighbors, and the wedding band was supposed to be my picket fence, except lately it wasn't working so well.

In the staff washroom, I pulled the gold band off my ring finger and gave it a scrubbing with the nail brush and hand soap. The ring still looked dull.

I usually avoid the mirror, because for a long time seeing my reflection made me angry. No matter what expression I made, my mother's eyes stared back at me. She didn't even leave a note. I could understand her haste, given the hellish situation, but she could have gotten in touch if she'd wanted to. She could have at least apologized.

Tucking my long, wavy brown hair behind one ear, I leaned in to examine the chronic light acne at the edge of my scalp. Yet another reason not to look in the mirror. My purple-haired coworker Lana said the bumps looked like more of a chemical reaction than acne, and gave me a bottle of the shampoo she used. I couldn't be sure, but the rash seemed less noticeable now.

I pulled back and looked at myself as though we'd just met. Average height, scrawny build. Brown wavy hair that looked decent if I bothered to straighten it, which I never did. Dull blue eyes, on the small side and made smaller by thick lines of black eyeliner. No lipstick, ever. Not even tinted lip gloss. Too sexual, like an invitation I didn't want to give. Sometimes I applied concealer around the edge of my lips to make them small like my eyes.

The pain from my memories was a dull ache, making the overhead light uglier and the edge of the counter sharper. My tooth was bothering me again. The rot hadn't stopped or receded on its own, but was digging its way deeper into the nerve. With money in my pockets, I had no excuse now to not get my tooth taken care of.

Seeing someone who was going to look into my mouth and see how bad I'd let things get was the last thing I wanted to do on my day off, but I was ready to let go of the pain.

I couldn't remember a time I didn't have pain and fear.

When I left the dentist's office and walked out into the late afternoon sun, my head was light from the freezing, and my chin and tip of my nose felt strange. I'd never had Novocaine before, and the sensation was fascinating.

The dentist had been terrifying. But now the all-day ordeal of waiting for an appointment at the teaching college and then getting a root canal was over. The dentist and staff had been very understanding, making me feel like everything was going to be better now.

I'd not been looking after myself these last few years, which was bad. It broke my heart how little I valued myself, but only when other people noticed.

But I had taken a step forward.

My jaw still hurt, but it was a different type of pain, not as big as the whole world. My pain was now small enough to fit in my hand.

As I rode the bus back to my neighborhood and then walked up the steep hill home, I heard birds chirping in the trees overhead. Had they been there the whole time and I just hadn't noticed?

When I got back to the apartment, it was empty. My grandmother had picked Bell up from school, and she'd left a note that they'd eaten dinner already and gone for ice cream and the park.

I sat down at the table and opened my purse to pull out the frog drawing Sawyer had given me.

Where would you put a frog tattoo? Nowhere. The idea was ridiculous. Maybe on my shoulder blade, or just inside my hip bone. No. Ridiculous.

I got up and pushed around Bell's colorful artwork on the fridge, then added the frog drawing to our collection. Putting a drawing on the fridge seemed like such a normal thing to do-something regular people did, living their regular lives, with outings for ice cream, and groceries in the cupboard.

As I admired the fine lines on the drawing, I wrapped my arms around myself and hugged my shoulders. Sawyer Jones. First I'd agree to look at his art, and then there'd be some other thing-getting a bite to eat together. And he'd put his arms around me, and then he'd lean down, his breath hot on my face. I'd tilt my chin up and let him kiss me.

And then... and then I'd be tangled up in his life. His worldviews. His rules.

We'd be together, though, and he'd pull off his shirt and show me where his tattoos went. I would trace the lines with my fingers, and kiss his inked skin. That would be the good part, and if I could stay there forever, in that moment in time, it might be worth losing myself. Maybe for once I'd feel warm and safe.

I was supposed to start work on Wednesday at noon, but I was late because the school called. I immediately thought the worst-that she'd gotten hurt. To my relief, she'd just had a tantrum.

Bell was prone to these epic meltdowns, usually when she was hungry, but sometimes they just happened. I thought she'd outgrown them, as things had been relatively calm since the move to Surrey.

The woman from the school's office explained that I needed to bring her a change of clothes.

"Shouldn't I come take her home?" I asked.

"We feel it's in the child's best interest to have fewer disruptions. We try to carry on and keep things relatively normal, despite these incidents. It's like getting back on the horse."

"Back on the horse," I repeated, dumbfounded. Did everyone around here say that?

I asked for more details, and the woman explained what had happened. Another child had taken one of the classroom's hand-held video games from her, and she'd screamed and thrashed and worked herself up to the point of vomiting on herself.

Ah, the vomit tantrum. I was familiar with that one, unfortunately.

Poor Bell got the same bad temper as me and our mother.

Four of us sat in the nurse's room: Bell, me, her teacher, and the school nurse.

The teacher, a dark-skinned woman with brown lips and big eyes, said, "Mrs. Braun, you seem so young to have a seven-year-old daughter."

I shrugged and twisted my lie of a wedding band. "My makeup hides the crow's feet."

Bell was sitting at my side, listening in while pretending to be fascinated by a picture book on her lap.

The teacher pursed her brown lips, her judging eyes raking over my clothes. "Have there been any disruptions to Bell's home life recently?"

"Disruptions? Well, you tell me. We just moved here. She's only been at this school for three and a half weeks, dropped in from outer space, not knowing a single person."

Bell looked up from her picture book. "Aubrey! We're not from outer space."

The teacher looked at me sideways. "She calls you by your first name?"

"We're very modern that way."

"I have some concerns."

"Me too." I grabbed Bell's hand. "Sweetie, do you want to stay here for school, or do you want to spend the afternoon with grandma?"

She kept looking at her picture book. "School."

The nurse and teacher exchanged a look, and then the nurse nodded.

"She seems calm enough now," the teacher said. "Before her outburst, she was telling the other students that her grandparents were ghosts. That they returned from the dead. Any idea why she'd say something like that?"

I looked down at her pudgy cheeks, her innocent face. She wasn't wrong. We'd been raised thinking our grandparents were dead, and now they were back. Alive again. I thought I'd smoothed it over with a story about how she'd misunderstood the stories our mother had told, but Bell had a good memory. A disturbingly good memory. Just not quite good enough to remember to call me Mom around other people like she was supposed to.

"She must have been telling one of her stories," I said.

The nurse patted my hand, which I jerked away.

"Sorry," she said. "I was just going to say that being a single parent is difficult. We have some programs through the school board, for single parents."

I glared down at Bell. So, she'd also told people she had no father at home. What else had she told everyone? My ring seemed more pathetic than ever.

We talked a little more about bed times and getting Bell to get more sleep so she'd be less agitated during the day. The nurse wrote down a specific brand of vitamins they wanted me to pick up, and she tried not to insinuate I was a shitty parent, but I picked up on it loud and clear.

My cheeks burned with anger at being judged. They didn't know the sacrifices I made, and how I always put Bell's needs ahead of mine. To them, I was just some trashy single mother who'd be popping out another kid by a different father any day now.

The teacher kept staring at my stomach area, like she was checking for a baby bump.

I thought our "little talk" would never end, but finally it did.

With Bell in her new clean clothes, I hugged her and left her for the rest of the day.

Her grandmother would be picking her up after school, and I knew she would be in good hands, but as I walked away from the school, I felt like a failure. An utter failure.

Vitamins. I'd never given her vitamins, which made me a failure as a caregiver. And sleep. I'd been thinking that as long as she got a few hours' more sleep than I did, she'd be fine, but apparently kids that age need way more rest than she'd been getting.

Here I'd been thinking my mother was Parent of the Year, and it turned out I wasn't much better.

When I finally walked into the bar, I was half an hour late and full of apologies.

Bruce said, "Hey kid, if your face gets any longer, you're going to trip on your lower lip."

"Not funny," I said.

"Start drinking until I get funny. That's what I do."

"I never see you drinking."

He held his finger to his lips. "Shh, don't ruin my reputation as an unrepentant lush."

I put on a barmaid apron and got to work filling the trays with citrus slices as he transferred ice cubes into pans from the big machine that cranked them out.

Bruce looked up at someone coming in the door and said, "Here on a Wednesday? You working on becoming a regular?"

Sawyer paused in his stride. "Are there any perks to being a regular?"

"A big chocolate cake on your birthday."

"Really?"

Bruce grinned his crooked smile, his knobbed scar on his upper lip splitting that section of his dark beard. "Naw, not really."

They both laughed their easy, masculine laughs. You never hear women laugh like that, and I don't just mean the voice. I mean the easiness. A big laugh over a dumb joke.

I grabbed a bar cloth and started making my way around the bar. "I should give your table an extra wipe, so your sketch book doesn't get sticky."

Bruce called after me, "Hey, did you get that tooth yanked out or what?"

A couple of grizzled old-timers looked up from their spots at the bar.

I turned and gave Bruce a dirty look. "Root canal. It was awesome. So much fun. I highly recommend it."

Bruce made a surprised expression. "Sarcasm? It's the lowest form of humor, but it's still humor. Aubrey, don't tell me you're developing a sense of humor."

I shook my head and followed Sawyer to his table, where I gave the top a good scrub, and the edges as well. The table probably didn't need another cleaning, but I wanted to do something. Sawyer had been good to me, first caring about my safety and then giving me the frog drawing I'd admired. I felt the desire to make some gesture in return.

His boots and jeans drew my attention. They looked expensive, like the kind of designer clothes that come with some holes rubbed into the jeans and scuffing on the boots so they look broken-in, but they're brand new. Something told me Sawyer wasn't the starving artist he appeared to be.

"How've you been?" I asked.

"Not so great. I think I bit off more than I can chew." He reached for his phone and turned the display to me. The image was a tangle of dark lines, nothing recognizable.

"Your giant art project?"

He seemed pleased I remembered, his gorgeous, full lips twisting up in a smile that made his green eyes even more captivating. "As I mentioned, though, I'm stuck for inspiration. They say smaller pieces of art are just as hard as large ones, but they're wrong. The big ones are way, way more difficult."

"Do you actually earn a living doing this?" I handed his fancy phone back. "I'm sorry. That was so rude. I don't know why I said that."

"You asked because you're curious. I'm flattered that you're curious."

I bit my lower lip, only realizing what I was doing when his eyes went to my mouth. I released the lip immediately. What was next? Twirling my hair? Giggling? Kill me now.

His voice sexy and husky, he said, "What's on your mind?"

"I put your frog up on my fridge at home."

"Yeah? Does it bring the room together? I could color it in to match the sofa." He grinned. "That's a joke, by the way."

"As you heard my uncle say, I don't have a sense of humor."

He clapped his hand to his forehead. "That's why you look so familiar. You're Bruce's niece. I couldn't figure out why you looked so much like someone I had ..." He held two hands over his heart. "Such warm feelings about. Your uncle's a cool guy. Decent."

"He is. So much decency in one person is refreshing."

Sawyer frowned and turned in his chair so his body was squarely facing mine. My eyes traveled down his shirt and below his belt, to where his jeans wrinkled and creased over a good-sized package. I jerked my gaze away, a flush of embarrassment creeping up my neck.

"The way you say his decency is refreshing, you make me wonder," he said, his voice still low and gritty, pushing up under my skin. "Do you usually assume people are rotten until they prove otherwise?"

"Some people trust their first impressions. I'm not one of those people."

"Tell me your first impression of me."

My first impression had been... dangerously cute. And his beautiful moss-green eyes had made me want to confess and confide in him. That was the truth, but I sure as hell wasn't spilling my guts.

"Messy tattoos," I said. "Because of the coloring job your nephew had done. That's all I remember. Just a guy with brown hair and messed-up tattoos. You weren't drunk or complaining, so I thought you were okay."

"How about now?"

"Kinda pushy."

"You could walk away any time this gets too intense."

I scratched my neck. "I dunno. Talking to people helps pass the time."

"You were a gutted, wallowing candle."

"What?"

"That was my first impression of you, Aubrey. A wick drowning in melted wax, your flame in danger. Just one more gust of wind and you'd be lost. You'd become that lost girl, sad through and through."

The way he spoke of me sent a chill through my body. Also, the way he was looking at me. Head tilting to one side, his gaze traveled slowly from my feet, up to my knees. I wore black stretch jeans, but felt naked.

He continued, "You might not trust your first impression of people, but I do. You look like someone who would make a good friend, but isn't able to recognize one. You treat everyone equally, but you shouldn't. You want to believe people can change, because it means you might be able to change. And if someone asked you what one thing you would do differently in your life if you had it to live all over again, you'd say everything."

"Sounds like you have me all figured out."

He shook his head and laughed. "Sorry. That's all bullshit. Horoscope-quality bullshit. I think I have this thing, where I like the sound of my voice, and I just keep going. Long story, but I thought I had a career in that, but then I didn't." The light danced in his eyes as he grinned up at me. "Try me again after a beer. I'll give you the full horoscope and your lucky lottery numbers as well."

"Of course."

I turned around and walked back to the bar, the heavy sensation of being watched all over me.

When I returned to his table and set down the pint, he was studying the image on his phone again.

"You need one big thing," I said, pointing to a spot to the right and below the center of the image. "Everything's really busy, and that's good, but my eyes keep traveling to here, expecting something."

"This is the focal point, though." He tapped and zoomed in on the upper left. "See, this blossom is the focus. The dominant motif."

"No. You start there, but your start isn't where you end up."

He chuckled. "Your start isn't where you end up. See, you're helping me already, and all I had to do was hit on you repeatedly."

"Hit on me? I thought you were just being friendly to the married girl."

"What's it like? Being married?"

I winced. "Stable."

"Is he good to you? He doesn't pick you up from work. If you were my girl I'd be down here all the time, beating guys like me away with a stick."

"He's not the violent type."

"Oh, and I am? Just because I can move and stop some dirtbag from hurting a girl, that doesn't mean I'm violent. It means I know right from wrong and I'm not afraid to act on my instincts."

"But you didn't have to punch him in the face."

Sawyer raised his eyebrows, his sparkling green eyes showing amusement. "You're the one who had murder on your face. You would have buried the eight-ball in that guy's eye socket."

I shuddered at the memory and rubbed my arms. Bruce had installed the mirror in the corner, and we were all on alert to be more careful, but I didn't like to think about what happened.

My voice soft as a whisper, I said, "Defending yourself is okay."

"It certainly is. You have to fight, or you won't believe you're worth fighting for. Now tell me more about this husband of yours."

I looked around the bar for some reprieve, but there was nothing to save me on the giant TV screens or in the neon beer brand advertisements.

"He hasn't been around much lately," I said.

A thunderous crack startled me, and I whipped my head to see some of the old-timer regulars starting a game of pool. Looking at the green felt lit up under the low-hanging lamp made my blood feel chilled, like ice water.

"Let me help you," he said. "We can be friends. You help me with this giant albatross of an art project, and we can play a few games of pool. Low pressure." He took a sip of beer, never moving his eyes off me. "Let's be friends."

"I don't know."

"Is it because I talk too much? I could try to talk less, but it helps me let off steam. It's good to use your words instead of your fists to communicate. I think real men talk."

Some new patrons took a seat nearby, so I began to back away.

"You do have a nice voice," I said, then I turned and quickly walked away.

For the rest of the afternoon, we talked a little more each time I came by to check on Sawyer Jones. He kept working on ideas for the mural, doing quick sketches in his book. As he'd done the previous visits, he drank only two pints of beer, sipped very slowly as he worked. After the second one, he requested a water. As I set the water glass down, he said, "I'm just off to the boy's room. Would you keep an eye on my laptop?"

I was confused for a moment, then realized he'd sketched the image of an open laptop inside two pages of the book. Both the drawing and his joke were cute.

He clapped his hands together and hooted. "Did it! Made you smile."

I covered my mouth with my hand, embarrassed. Everyone in the area had turned to stare.

He was still chuckling as he disappeared around the corner to the washrooms.

I stood there for a moment, "guarding" the drawing of the laptop until I realized what I was doing. Shaking my head, still smiling, I walked away from the sketched laptop.

Lana had just shown up to start her shift, and I went to greet her over by the cupboard where we stowed away our purses.

"You look great today," she said.

"You too."

She smoothed down her brightly-dyed purple hair. "No I don't. I look like shit. I barely put on half my face, because Curtis wanted to make love." She rolled her eyes.

"Oh."

She poured two shots of something-vodka-and nodded down at the second one as she picked up the first.

"It's Wednesday, so happy humpday," she said.

I picked up my shot and held it up to clink with hers.

Grinning, she said, "Shit it!" and tossed back her drink.

Shit it was a Lana-ism I'd recently learned about. She had no problem the F-word, so it was an odd substitute, but it suited her.

"Shit it," I said, tossing back my shot of vodka.

We chased these shots with another set for good measure. It was Wednesday, after all.

With the drinks in my system, plus no more pain from my tooth, I was light-headed and free. Giddy.

I wasn't watching where I was going. On one pass back to the sink, Lana and I bumped into each other spectacularly, and she folded over in a fit of giggles.

"Don't you love that feeling?" she said between gasps.

"What feeling? Bruising? Not really." I was rubbing my hip, where I already had a bruise from the ice machine's unforgiving corner.

"When your arms get heavy," she said.

"I'm not that drunk, just buzzed."

She laughed hard and flopped forward like a rag doll. "No, I mean when you laugh so hard your shoulders slump, like you can't bear the weight of your own arms. And then you get that sharp pain behind your ears."

"From laughing?"

She stood up and grabbed me by the shoulders. I was getting used to the constant body contact from Lana, so I didn't pull away.

She leaned in until the top of her forehead was touching mine and we were eye to eye. "You need to get laid," she said.

I humored her with a nod as I pulled my forehead off hers. "Yep."

She shook me by the shoulders like I was her play toy. We were standing just inside the room I thought of as a kitchen, but was actually just a dishwashing station and storage for some of the mixes that didn't fit behind the bar.

She said, "You take off that pretend ring and get yourself a real man. You tell him to put his head between your legs and don't come up 'til you're howling his name loud enough to get all the dogs in the neighborhood barking."

"Nice."

She released me from her grip. "You're in the good part of your life right now. Don't you feel it? I bet you get wet just thinkin' about kissing a guy. I bet you come in five minutes flat. What do you think about Mr. Tattoos out there. He's always makin' googly eyes at ya."

"Sawyer? He's interesting, and I guess he's cute, but I've got Bell to take care of. I can't have a relationship."

She snorted. "Who said anything about a relationship? Listen, there's nobody home at my place right now. My son's staying at a friend's tonight, and Curtis is working a double shift. Why don't you use my spare key and take that big hunk of man back to my place? Just one night, to shake you loose."

As I demurred, politely, I couldn't remember how much Lana knew, and what lies I'd told to whom. She knew I wasn't married, but did she know Bell was my sister, not my daughter? I wished I'd made some notes, or at least told everyone the same thing.

"Look at ya! You're quivering with anticipation," she said, shaking me some more.

"Lana! You're gonna make me barf."

She stopped shaking me and just gave me a stare so ridiculous and serious, I had to laugh.

"I see a smile," she said. "Smilin' gets a lot easier when you're getting some."

I thanked her as graciously as I could, then backed out through the swinging door, into the dim environment of the bar, where I wasn't so visible.

The place was filling up with the post-supper crowd, and the music had gotten louder.

Sawyer wasn't at his table, but leaning with one elbow on the bar. His back was to me, and he was talking to Bruce. I drank in the full length of him, from his muscular calves, to his butt, and his broad, solid shoulders. He wasn't a huge, bulky guy, but he looked strong, and solid.

The suggestions Lana had made were swirling around my head, sending heat between my legs.

Sawyer turned his head slowly, like he could sense me standing there, checking him out.

His green eyes crinkled at the corner as he gave me a smile.

Bruce waved me over. "Aubrey! You didn't tell me Sawyer offered to show you some tips at pool. You're going to take him up on it, I hope."

I shrugged my shoulders back as I stuck my hands in my pockets self-consciously.

Lana snuck up behind me and pinched the back of my arm.

Before she could open her mouth and embarrass me, I said, "You bet I am. He needs a fresh set of eyes on something he's working on, and we're going to trade."

Sawyer raised his eyebrows. "I thought you were blowing me off. But you're in?"

"I'm in."

Bruce said, "We're not too busy, so how about you knock off early? Right about now?"

A pulse of terror shot through me, but at least it was sobering. Right now?

Bruce rummaged around and grabbed my purse, plopping it on the bar's counter. "Free to go."

My grandmother would be picking Bell up from school, expecting me to be working late. I was free to go, but did I want to go?

Sawyer was already saying goodbye to Bruce, and then I was following him out the door, into the bright sun. Right. It was still daytime.

Chapter Four

I sneezed, twice.

"You won't sneeze if you shut one eye," Sawyer said, squinting at the sky. "Nature's sunglasses."

I closed one eye and sneezed a third time.

"Takes practice," he said.

"Doesn't everything." I pulled my sunglasses from my purse and put them on.

Sawyer leaned over and peered into my purse, which was full of stuff like granola bars, suckers, and loose napkins.

"That's a mom-sized purse," he said, then, "Ooh, suckers! Can I have one?"

I clutched the purse closed against my stomach. "Not cool."

Unfazed, he chuckled. "Fine, I didn't really want a sucker."

We stopped next to a big motorcycle, and he handed me a shiny black helmet.

"No way," I said. "Nu-uh."

"I had two glasses of beer over four hours. I assure you, I'm as sober as when I got up this morning." He rubbed his chin, which had some dark stubble from not having shaved for a couple days. "Nope, I think I'm more sober than I was this morning."

"I don't ride on motorcycles."

"Not even one as sweet as this?"

The bike was gleaming in the afternoon sun like a physical manifestation of pride and joy. The tank was black on top, with a gold-colored stripe that had the Harley Davidson logo stretched along it, the words almost unrecognizable until you got close. The bottom of the tank was gray, with some darker spikes that looked like a tribal-style tattoo. The black seat was scooped down at the front and higher in the back, where the passenger sat. All the chrome along the engine and the exhaust pipes was clean and shined brighter than most people's jewelry. Two rear-view mirrors, also polished to a dazzling shine, rose above the bike's handles, on either side of a curved windscreen.

"It is a nice bike," I said.

He snorted. "Nice?"

"I don't know anything about bikes, or riding them."

"But you know how to hang on, right? You could put your arms around me and hang on tight." He smirked in a way that made me want to punch him or kiss him.

"Sounds dangerous."

"Not on a gorgeous day like this." He breathed deeply, his broad chest expanding as he leaned his head back and sunned his face. "We'll detour down to the beach and get that salty sea breeze. You'll be begging me to take you bike shopping before the end of the day."

"Maybe another time. I should get home and use the extra time to catch up on laundry."

He gave me another sexy, mocking look, as if to say, laundry is for losers, so I just buy new clothes every week, like this super-tight, brand-new T-shirt I'm wearing to show off my big chest and arm muscles.

"And dishes," I added.

He grabbed some mirrored sunglasses from the bike's cockpit and put them on. "Dishes. Sounds serious. Hop on and I'll give you a lift home." He held the helmet out to me again, and I accepted. "Take your sunglasses off first, shorty," he said.

"I'm not short."

"It's an expression. Shorty."

Squeezing the tight helmet onto my head gave me a wave of panic, of claustrophobia. Once the helmet was in place, my panic receded. The lower part was tighter, hugging the base of my skull, but I had enough room inside the bubble of it for my ears to be comfortable. I put my sunglasses back on, careful not to poke myself in the eye.

Sawyer grabbed for my purse, and I stepped back reflexively.

"Gimme that," he said. "That strap's too short to go over your helmet, and you can't wear it loose over your shoulder like that."

I handed him my purse and he looped the strap over his head, then twisted the purse around front, above his belt. My ample purse looked tiny on his muscular frame.

He got a mischievous look. "Do you like my fanny pack?"

"Stay out of there."

"What if my blood sugar gets low and I need a sucker desperately?" He groped the leather purse along the outside. His eyes were hidden behind his mirrored sunglasses, but his lips were curved up in a smile. "Just doing a weapons check. Hmm. No handgun. Phew. What's this?" He outlined the shape of a slim cylinder. "You don't wear lipstick, so I'm guessing this is pepper spray. Am I right?"

"None of your business."

He threw one long, muscular leg over the bike and righted it. Looking over his shoulder at me, he said, "Buckle that helmet and get on."

"But you don't have a helmet."

"The cops around here are pretty lenient if the helmet's on the passenger. Plus this guarantees you I'll drive extra-safe, doesn't it?"

I buckled the strap under my chin, pinching my skin. "Shit!"

"Don't pinch yourself."

"Thanks." I stepped up to the bike and got on the back, careful not to touch Sawyer, and rested my hands behind me on the loop of metal behind the seat.

"You'll throw my balance off like that." He turned the key and the engine shuddered to life, the leather seat trembling between my legs. "Put your arms around my waist."

"I've got my hands on this bar back here. Isn't that what it's for?"

"Aubrey, don't be a wuss. Put your arms around me and hold on tight, so you can lean when I lean, just don't-"

The front of my helmet cracked the back of his head. I wasn't used to having to think about my head being so much larger than it was.

He rubbed the back of his head, his fingers lost in his wavy, brown hair. "Yeah, just don't crack me on the back of my head."

"You should be wearing a helmet."

He hit the throttle and the bike lurched forward a few inches. "Was that a joke? Did the sad girl just make a joke?"

"Just an observation."

He revved the engine again, drawing the attention of a few people getting out of their cars in the bar's parking lot.

Sawyer growled back over the rumbling engine, "I have a bad memory. You said you wanted to go by the beach, right?"

My response was drowned out in the sound of the engine as we pulled out of the parking lot.

The power of the bike amazed me, moving as if the laws of gravity and inertia didn't apply. After only a few seconds in the parking lot, I could understand the allure.

Sawyer rode carefully, waiting for a clear break in traffic before turning out onto the road. As we traveled, my fears calmed down.

Even with cars, I'd always been afraid of driving anywhere, imagining accidents even at the first mention of a road trip. Accidents were one of the main ways people had left my life, so it wasn't like I was imagining the worst just to torture myself. My father died in a motorcycle accident when I was too young to know him, or so my mother had told me.

Vehicles of any kind made me nervous. Once I was on the road, though, like when Bell and I were moving somewhere new, I got a sense of calm behind the wheel. Even highway speed didn't seem so fast-it's not that fast if you drive two miles under the speed limit. I had a valid driver's license, but getting pulled over by a cop would be as bad as an accident, because I had no idea what they'd find if they ran my name through the system.

My nightmares were deserved. An innocent person didn't have those worries.

I tightened my arms around Sawyer's torso, feeling him sway left and right as we made turns, me moving in harmony with him. It seemed very intimate, this riding a motorcycle together. I had to trust him, but he also had to trust me not to throw off the delicate balance.

My hands were sweating, despite the wind rushing around us. Was it the feeling of his muscular stomach under my forearms? Or of his strong back pressed against my chest? His body was warm, and a light sweat was forming underneath the front of my shirt, where his heat was radiating into me.

After a few minutes of riding, I was calm enough to look around more and admire the scenery. The trees looked more lush as we approached the water, and the houses turned into mansions with large lawns and new fences.

The rumble of the bike drowned out everything, until its roar became equivalent to silence in my head, drowning out the sounds of the city, but more importantly, drowning out my thoughts. I wasn't thinking about the pile of laundry at home, or what I was going to pack in Bell's lunch, or what I was going to do if she kept having problems at her new school.

For the moment, I was just a girl on the back of a motorcycle, heading to the beach with a cute guy.

When we got to the beach, Sawyer pulled into the parking area and turned the bike off. The sounds of the world returned, muted.

I let go of him and jumped off the bike, quickly yanking the front of my shirt repeatedly to get some air in there.

He rested the bike on the kickstand and swung his leg over with far more grace than I had. Reaching back, he fanned the back of his T-shirt as well. "Man, you are so hot, Aubrey."

"Sorry."

"Do you have a fever? Should we take you by the hospital?"

I stopped fanning my shirt and pulled the helmet off. I shook my hair out and rubbed at the red marks on my forehead that I could see reflected in Sawyer's mirrored shades.

He licked his lips. "That looks good." He nodded toward a woman with two kids Bell's age walking by with drippy cones.

I said, "Gimme back my purse and I'll buy you an ice cream."

It was past dinner time now, and a double-scoop cone looked like it would hit the spot. The kids with the ice cream stopped walking and stared at Sawyer. Was it the swirling seascape tattoos all over one forearm like a sleeve, or the smaller tattoo looping across the wrist of the other arm? Or were they looking at the ladies' purse he was only now taking off?

The mother shot me a dirty look and rushed them on their way. Why me? I wasn't the one with the tattoos. And besides, weren't tattoos normal nowadays? Why did people have to be such judgmental ass**les?

I looked around at the young families and silver-haired retirees on the boardwalk. There were a lot of those brown slacks rich people wore. Maybe tattoos weren't so common in this area.

Sawyer handed my purse to me and pointed to the row of shops across the street from the boardwalk. A third of them seemed to sell ice cream, but he told me the very best one was off the beaten path, just down a side street.

"You know this area well?"

"I might."

"How? Did you grow up around here? In a la-dee-da mansion like that?" I pointed up at a house perched on the hill behind the shops. The house next to it was a glass box, but this house had a circular column with a peaked roof, like a turret on a castle.

"I did."

"Is your family rich or something?"

Grinning, he said, "Yes, we're very rich with dysfunction."

I gazed up at the beautiful houses again. "Must be nice to look out over the ocean."

"Where'd you grow up?"

"Here and there. Mostly in the country." It was my usual, vague bullshit answer, but he gave me this look that said he didn't buy it. "Ever been to North Carolina?"

"Can't say I have."

"I spent some of my time there, but we moved around a lot."

"Why's that? For your husband's job?"

The wedding band was tight on my sweaty finger. "Mm-hmm," I lied. The lying didn't seem so bad when there weren't any actual words.

We had ducked down the side street and some people were coming out of the ice cream shop. The man coming out held the door for us, and he seemed to cower, shrinking away from Sawyer, with his eyes wide open and his knuckles white around his cone. The man's wife scurried past us and grabbed her husband's elbow to drag him away.

I glowered after them. "What the hell?"

"Guess I look like trouble," Sawyer said.

"That was unreal. The guy acted like you were going to punch him." As I looked at Sawyer, I saw a flicker of what the strangers had seen. His eyes had a hungry look in broad daylight, and his hair wasn't ponytail-long, but it wasn't cut short and conservative either. I'd made some assumptions about him because of the subject matter of his tattoos-seaweed and an octopus didn't seem that scary to me, not compared to demonic faces and tattoos designed to intimidate people. Sawyer's tattoos were artistic and beautiful, not threatening-or at least they were to me.

The tiny Asian woman who stood behind the ice cream counter glanced warily over at the cash register. Was she shitting me? Did we look like thieves? I shook my head in disgust at the small-mindedness of people. They want everyone to be equal, so long as they look the same and the women wear push-up underwire bras and try to look like magazine covers.

Sawyer didn't let her suspicion ruin the moment. He grinned at the woman. "Pam, right? I used to come here every day when I was only this tall." He held his hand one foot above the counter top.

She squinted, then her eyes widened in relaxed recognition. "I know you! How you been? Who is this?" She looked over at me.

"This is my friend, Aubrey." He fumbled in the pockets of his jeans and pulled out some folded bills. "What's your favorite flavor? You should let Pam guess. She's really good."

Pam waved a hand at him. "No, I don't do that anymore. People, they don't like."

"Pam's a psychic," he said, eyes wide and serious.

She got a mischievous grin that made her look a decade younger. "Chocolate chip mint," she said.

"Sure. Give me a double scoop of that." She wasn't that far off, but it was one of the more popular flavors, after chocolate and vanilla. My real favorite was strawberry, but mint sounded nice.

She scooped the green ball onto a cone and topped it with a pink ball of strawberry, to my surprise.

"This one is memory," she said, and she made Sawyer a cone of chocolate and coconut.

He insisted on paying, even though I got my wallet out of my purse and tried to physically push him away from the cash register. The guy was like a chunk of granite, impossible to move or intimidate.

We walked out and back down to the boardwalk, where I felt like a walking advertisement for ice cream. People stared at us and our cones like we had something special they could never have. They probably assumed we were on a date, just two store-robbers taking the day off from our crime spree.

I was pretty quiet along the walk, partially distracted by the psychic ice cream encounter. The more I thought about it, the more obvious the answer became. She must have been watching my face as she moved her hands over the different tubs of ice cream. She read my expression, like Sawyer had done with the sketch book, stopping on the frog drawing that made my eyes light up.

Was I so readable, so transparent? I didn't like that one bit.

Sawyer pointed to a bench, and we took a seat facing the ocean. The sun was maybe an hour from setting, and the clouds were tinged with orange already. Seabirds squawked at each other over the sound of waves washing over the rocks. The water looked inviting, but I knew it would be cold. Some blue-lipped kids in their bathing suits were nearby, daring each other to go in further.

"Dares," Sawyer said, apropos of nothing.

I replied, "A shitty way to trick people into doing things."

"You see everything as a battle of wills, don't you?"

I'd finished my cone and was twisting and folding the paper wrapper between my fingers. "If it's not other people, it's yourself, isn't it? You have to fight the urge to hit the snooze button, and that's how the day starts off. Then it's one battle after another until you drag yourself into bed, even though you just got your second wind and you want to stay up late reading while the rest of the world is quiet, and you can hear yourself think."

He leaned back, stretching his arms out along the back of the bench, then folding the left one in so it wasn't behind me.

"I think of the alarm clock going off as an opportunity," he said. "Don't hit that snooze button. Make every minute count." He pumped the air with a closed fist. "Rah, rah, rah."

Blinking into the bright ocean view, I said, "Speaking of time ..."

He jumped up and offered me his hand. "That's right. I've been avoiding it, but we should go look into the abyss. The abyss being the piece of garbage I'm trying to fool people into thinking is art."

I stood without taking his hand, and we walked back to the bike.

The helmet seemed even smaller this time, triggering the claustrophobia again as I pulled it down over my ears. This time, I fastened the strap without pinching my chin fat.

The temperature had cooled, and as I got on the back and wrapped my arms around Sawyer's lean, muscled torso, I was grateful for the body heat.

We looped back the way we'd come, over the overpass and back toward the bar, passing it on our way. A few minutes later, he pulled into the driveway of a house that wasn't more than a dozen blocks from where I lived with Bell.

This old house wasn't the same as the one where the guys having the party had invited us to join them the week before, but it could have been that house's sister.

The porch was crooked and looked like it was trying to run away from the main house, which was old and sad, easily the least desirable house on the street. Its mismatched upper windows made the house look like it had a black eye.

I followed Sawyer up the porch stairs, careful to step on the right side-not the left-as he warned. A skinny red-haired guy was napping on a sofa on the porch, covered in a bleached-out patchwork blanket.

Sawyer pushed open the unlocked front door, saying, "Nothing inside to steal, so no need to lock up."

I nodded in agreement as I tried to come up with an excuse not to step inside. My uncle knew I was with Sawyer, and he'd basically vouched for him, but should I be there? I wasn't afraid for my safety, but I still didn't want to go in. I liked Sawyer a lot more before that moment of seeing where he lived, back when he was just a cute guy trying to rescue me.

"It's not as bad inside," he said, waving to invite me in.

Chapter Five

I rushed into Sawyer's house, feeling guilty for my thoughts. Who was I to judge? I'd lived in places so much worse, but now I had a decent apartment without bugs and I was getting picky?

I wandered in and tried not to breathe deeply.

The main floor was full of mismatched furniture and strewn with dirty dishes and takeout containers, but enough windows were open that it didn't smell as bad as it looked. The mess in the front room could have been cleaned up in about an hour, and the kitchen was quite tidy, probably because whoever lived there didn't cook.

The most interesting thing about the place was the pool table that sat where a dining table would normally go. The long wall beside the pool table was pocked with holes, apparently from darts. A number of the darts were stuck in the wall, centered around the round rosettes on the old-fashioned wallpaper.

Sawyer pulled a brown dustcover off the pool table. "Rent's cheap," he said. "They're planning to tear the house down before the end of the year, so we can do whatever we like. My roommate painted his room black." He looked down at his feet and kicked at something on the carpet. The chunk of whatever-it-was didn't budge. "I shouldn't have brought you here."

"It's not that bad. I basically grew up in one shack after another."

He frowned at me, tipping his head quizzically. Oh, he was so sexy when he did that. Or anything.

Scoffing, he said, "You didn't live in a shack. You're exaggerating."

I didn't want to tell him, or at least I didn't think I did, but I opened my mouth and did. "You know how it is in the country. You have a mobile home, only it's not mobile anymore. Just a metal box that gets hotter than hell in the summer and cold in the winter. You run out of room for all the kids and uncles that come to stay, so you get some lumber and your friends in construction come by and you build yourself an add-on. No permits, because it's at the back of the trailer, where it can't be seen from the road. Then a year later, you need some more space, and you salvage some more wood and you add on to the end of the last addition. Who needs a roof when you have plenty of tarps? If the snow or water comes in, you just throw on another tarp."

"Brutal. You grew up like that?"

I walked around the pool table until I found the balls and started racking them. "My room wasn't so bad in the winter, with the blankets over the windows and the little space heater running. Wasn't so great when the power got cut off."

"Was that in North Carolina?"

"Thereabouts." I rolled the pool balls back and forth within the plastic triangle, their swirling colors and stripes hypnotizing, like an old-fashioned barber's pole.

"Wanna break?"

I shook my head vehemently. "Too scary. I feel like I'm going to put the tip right through the felt."

"So what if you do? This felt needs replacing." He chalked a cue and balanced it pointing upright, the base in his palm. That was when I noticed how high the ceiling was, to allow him to pull off the trick. He stretched his tattooed arm toward me, offering the cue like it was a pretty flower.

"First lesson is breaking," he said.

I took the cue and got into position with the cue ball.

"I'm not gonna put my arms around you or touch you," he said.

"Good." I leaned over and rested the tip between my knuckles.

"But I want to." He rested his elbows on the edge of the table and stared intently at me. "I want to put my arms around you to get you to relax. Drop your elbow, you're way too high. If you try to shoot like that, I will be buying new felt soon."

"Sorry." I lowered my arm and decreased the angle of the cue so it was closer to level with the table.

"Any time now," he said.

I balked, standing up to chalk again and wipe my hands on my jeans. My eyes kept going to the floral wallpaper with the dart holes in it, and I imagined some young housewife from days gone by picking out the paper and pasting it on the wall with love.

"Where will you go?" I asked. "When they tear down the house?"

He caught me in those moss-green eyes of his and gave me a hungry look that seared me with desire. "Why do you ask? Are you looking for a roommate?"

I flushed under the heat of his gaze. My mind flashed an image of Sawyer walking around to my side of the pool table, turning me around, and sitting me on the edge as he kissed my lips and neck. Along with the image came the imagined sensation of his lips, hot and wet on my skin. How good it would feel. How good it would be to tell him everything, and have him love me, in spite of everything.

"I only have so much chalk," he said, startling me back into the moment.

Dammit, why did he have to look so amused by everything I did?

I blew the excess chalk off the tip and leaned down again, glancing up for a nod of approval before I took the shot.

The wood connected with the ball, hard, and the cue trembled in my hand. The balls made a satisfying crack, but fewer than half of them even moved.

"I suck."

He grinned and corralled the balls back into the triangle-shaped ball rack. "So, do it again until you don't suck. There aren't many things in life you get a second chance to get right, but this isn't life, it's a game." With an easy grace, he rearranged the balls and nodded for me to try again. "Put the ball a little to the left of where you had it before. And hit it... hmm... what's the word?" He scratched the dark stubble on his chin.

"Harder?"

"Ah!" His eyebrows shot up. "Yes, hit the balls harder. Good idea."

I tried again, with more power, and was rewarded with a few more balls rolling languidly out of formation.

Again. Finally, some action.

Again. Worse.

Again. Hopeless.

Again and again, one humiliating shot after another. I tried to go home, but Sawyer blocked my exit.

Again. A spectacular break, like the kind I'd seen guys at the bar do, with balls scattering. I whooped with glee as one ball sunk into a pocket.

"Wow," he said. "Aubrey the Goddess of Sadness and Sarcasm, smiling and making excited noises. Now I've seen everything."

I stood proudly, one hand holding the cue, the other hand on my hip. "Now if someone bets me that I can't break, I might not lose that bet."

"Time for me to take you home, before you tire yourself out."

Setting the stick in the corner with the others, I said, "Don't you want me to look at that thing you're working on?"

"It's up in my bedroom."

"And?"

His Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed. "And you're married. I wouldn't feel right taking you up there."

I crossed my arms. What was that feeling I was having? I wanted to go upstairs, but my desire wasn't about seeing the art. I wanted to push him the way he'd been pushing me. I wanted to do the thing he said we couldn't.

Or did I?

I bit my lip and thought through our conversation from earlier, about dares. Was he daring me to go up to his bedroom? This was all a game to him. A game of seduction.

"Fine. Maybe next time," I said, picking up my purse and putting it on my shoulder.

"I guess I could move the art down to here."

"Whatever," I said, crossing over to the front door. I didn't wait for another reply as I opened the door and stepped out on the porch. The skinny guy was still sleeping on the tattered sofa on the porch.

Sawyer came out the door just as my feet touched the front walkway.

"Thanks for the lesson," I called over my shoulder.

"Don't you want a ride home? I've got a spare helmet here, so we can both have one."

"I'm fine. I don't live far from here!"

"What street are you on?"

"I don't know what it's called," I said, which was a lie. We both knew it, but he was quiet as I walked away.

Chapter Six

SAWYER JONES

My friends told me not to mess around with a single mom. Well, half of them did, and the other half told me to use a condom, and make sure it was one I brought, so it didn't have holes poked in it.

I'd heard about guys getting trapped by women, but it had never actually happened to anyone I knew. It was just stuff of legend. Stuff you talked shit about to make yourself seem cooler and more worldly than you were.

My housemate, Spanky, was the first to give approval of Aubrey. He saw her on the porch when she came by the house, even in his BC-bud-enhanced state of relaxation. After she left that day, he came into the house and said one word: "Quality."

"I dunno, bro, she's got issues."

"Dat ass."

"I may have also noticed the rockin' body, but thank you for being a gentleman and not pointing that out while she was here. In fact, thank you for not even coming inside. You do an excellent impression of the stoner roommate from True Romance."

His eyes red and eyelids uneven, he stared at me like I was a walking, talking goat, and he'd never seen a walking, talking goat before. "Dude, wait. Was that real? Was a girl in our house?"

"Yes. The quality girl with dat ass. Real."

He nodded at the pool table. "Rack 'em."

Spanky's real name was Arthur, but he'd earned the nickname back when we both were in school. Those days, he'd turn down offers for parties because they kept him up too late and messed with his "schedule." He had a regular routine that consisted of pulling up a specific series of p**n sites on the computer and finishing up no later than twelve-thirty, then being in bed by one.

Girls loved him because he never cheated on them. His number one loyalty was to himself.

As we played a few games that night, I thought about asking him where his money was coming from. He'd been so broke back at Christmas that he'd missed rent and had me cover. I asked him to pick up a few things for the house, and the toilet paper he provided was the giant roll kind-the type you steal from a public washroom, not the kind you buy at SuperStore.

I overlooked his petty thievery, because I think we've all done a few things we're not too proud of, but since February, he'd been flush again. It did not take a bachelor's degree to figure out the kids who visited him on the porch all hours on the weekend weren't just coming by to look at the fish tank he had listed for sale on Craigslist.

Whatever he was doing, his half of the rent got paid, and pretty soon we had the good toilet paper, and food getting delivered.

"To the good life," he said as we cracked open two beer, careful not to spill any on the pool table, but not so careful about the floor.

"I don't think Aubrey liked the house much," I said.

"She blow you?"

"No, man. It isn't like that. She's a nice girl."

"Dat ass ain't so nice." He caught my glare and held his hand up. "Sorry."

"She says she's married, you know, but I was asking Bruce about her situation, and he gave me nothing. He had no name for her husband, no details. I think she wears that wedding band to keep guys like me away."

Spanky finished his beer, a few dribbles running down his already-filthy shirt. As he wiped his mouth, he said, "You two sure will make a nice baby together. I'll buy some cigars. When you think? Nine and a half months?"

"Fuck you."

He tossed one hand emphatically and started his silly voice. "Girl! Where you registered? Me and the other ladies gonna get you a stroller. Mm hmm, real expensive one. With brakes and shit."

"Are you serious? Strollers have brakes?"

"You have to know these things if you be datin' a babymama! You gonna get all up in that drama."

"Okay, Spanky, I don't know what this voice is, but it's bordering on offensive. You're a twenty-four-year-old, middle-class white boy with a mast***ation addiction, and you're wearing a dirty shirt, inside-out. Plus your fly is open and I can see your brains."

"Whoops." Instead of zipping up, he unfastened his jeans and let it all hang out, no underwear.

"That's extremely hetero of you," I said.

He pointed his finger at me. "I trust you, bro. Don't look."

"I'm not gonna look."

We stared at each other for a long moment, me pointedly not looking at his junk, then he got bored and turned around to walk toward the main floor bathroom.

As I stood there alone, looking over his leave on the table, I couldn't focus on what could have been an easy series of shots. Aubrey had left, probably in disgust, and she was smart to do so.

I didn't know how old her kid was, or even if there was more than one, but my house was no place for a kid. Was it even a good place for me?

I looked around at my life, but mainly at the wall behind me, full of holes from the darts. The wall had once been someone's pride and joy, covered in floral wallpaper. And now it was garbage.

My life had also been about pride. Once. A long time ago. Before I let everything slip away and turn to garbage. Sometimes I wondered if I'd ever be able to see something good when I came across it.

Aubrey was good.

But she was sad, through and through. It seemed she knew the difference between right and wrong, which was more than I could say for a lot of the people I knew. Most people were too comfortable to ever have to make a choice, to find out what they were made of.

I could see in Aubrey's eyes that she'd stared down the darkness and survived. I wanted just a little bit of the courage she had.

Or maybe I just wanted someone to put my arm around, who'd listen to me ramble on about philosophy and what path to choose in life.

My father sent me a message while we were playing pool, saying one of his top guys was moving out east, and did I want to work for him? I'd enjoyed working summers at the shop. The work was challenging in the right ways, plus it paid well. I knew he wanted to pass the whole business along to me and take early retirement, but did I really want it?

Stepping into that role seemed too easy.

I always went for the tricky shot, the less-traveled path.

Chapter Seven

AUBREY

Back at the apartment, I had an hour before my grandmother would be bringing Bell home, so I got the laundry started and spread out the grocery store sale flyers.

The brand of string cheese Bell loved was on sale, but only at the store that was the furthest away and had the snottiest cashiers. I thought about buying the cheap brand and throwing away the package so she wouldn't know, but I didn't dare mess around with the few foods she would reliably eat. The absolute last thing I needed was for the people at her school to start making phone calls about her being too thin.

I'd been a skinny kid too, with blue veins visible over my ribs when the other girls my age were getting womanly figures. When my br**sts did finally start growing, they came in not as the soft fat of my friends, but as these hard lumps just under the skin. I was terrified-thought for sure I was dying, and that my mother would be pissed at me for it. We'd only been living with Derek a short time then, and my mother was putting all her attention into keeping him happy.

I finally got up the courage to ask her to take me to a doctor, saying I'd get a job and pay her back. She demanded I tell her what the problem was, and when I wouldn't say, she called me a slut and a whore for getting knocked up.

When I finally admitted the problem was the bumps on my br**sts, she put her hands up my shirt and felt them with her cold fingertips.

"I had the same thing," she said coolly.

"This is normal?"

"Close enough to normal. Don't worry about it, and don't you dare go to a doctor. I've got some old bras you can have until you buy your own."

"Sorry."

"Don't be sorry, just behave."

She used to say that a lot. Behave. What the hell did that mean?

Thursday morning after I walked Bell to school, I brought my rolling wire cart with the wheels to the grocery store. It was embarrassing to be using something that was for senior citizens, but my grandmother had insisted on buying one for me, and the thing was more practical than carrying bags all the way home.

I loaded up on the name-brand string cheese first, and then went down my list, only buying what I had written down. Some frozen dinners I liked were on sale, but it was an in-store sale, not advertised in the flyer. I put six boxes in the cart, even though it would be stretching my budget.

After the frozen dinners, I rushed around, all too aware that stuff was thawing already and would only thaw more on the walk home.

I pushed everything quickly to a lineup. The cashier at the checkout line didn't look snotty, but she did appear to be high.

"Self-checkout's open," she said, nodding to the station where shoppers could weigh and punch in their own groceries from start to finish.

"Maybe next time."

She stared at me with enormous pupils and a vacant expression. "Would you like to donate five dollars to this week's charity?"

"No."

She wrinkled her nose and blinked down at my groceries, then began scanning and bagging them.

I watched the digital readout as she chucked things indiscriminately into a plastic bag. This store charged five cents for plastic bags, and I chided myself for not bringing my own from home.

"The self-checkout is really easy," she said, not willing to let it go.

I pretended to be really interested in the Archie comics to the left of the checkout.

She said, "The self-checkout saves the store money that it passes on to customers."

I clenched my stomach muscles and focused on my breathing. There was no f**king way I was going to use the self-checkout, so she was wasting her time.

"That's nice." I pulled the comic off the wire shelf and read the first page.

"Fifty-seven forty-four."

"Nope. That's not right."

She gave me her bored-cow look. "That's what the machine says."

Between my teeth, I said, "There's been an error."

She scrolled through the items on the display.

"There," I said. "I've got regular apples, not the organic apples."

Sneering, she turned and picked out the bag of apples from my grocery bag. One fell to the floor, and she picked it up and dropped it back in the bag.

"Now that one's bruised," I said.

"Nah, it's fine."

The woman behind me in line let out a disgusted sound. I thought she was annoyed at the dumb-as-shit cashier, but when I turned, she gave me a look of disdain. Me. The one whose greatest crime was not wanting to pay organic apple prices for bruised non-organic apples.

The music playing over the store's speakers-Elton John-was unbearable. Everyone was looking at me, and I didn't have fifty-seven dollars in my wallet.

The cashier leaned forward and paged someone to our checkout over her microphone.

"Fuck this," I muttered, and I walked away.

The cashier was calling after me, and some guy got all up in my face before I could reach the door.

"Ma'am is there a problem?" He wasn't much taller than me, but he was a guy, so I had to assume he was stronger than me. He had a scruffy mustache and looked like he took his job seriously.

"No." I shook my head, looking down at my shoes. "I just forgot something in my car."

He reached for something-a cell phone-and said, "Let me just call someone to help us."

"Get out of my way!"

He held his hands up. "Ma'am. There's no need to be upset." He looked down at my purse. "What's in there?"

Chapter Eight

The grocery store manager reached for my purse and asked me again what was in it.

I replied, "My wallet. Why, do you want to search me? You want to strip-search me and stick your hands all over me?"

He looked left and right. "Not out here. If you'll come with me to my office?"

"No!"

He put his hands on his hips, his cheeks red now.

"Fuck off, you pervert. You're not laying a hand on me. Get out of my way."

He puffed up his chest, trying to look bigger. I knew guys like him. A little authority, and they loved to lord it over weaker people, and that meant women.

I dodged to the left and whipped around him, running for the door.

He was shouting for someone, calling for assistance, and I just ran.

I wasn't even thinking. My mind went completely blank and all I knew was... this was the part where we ran.

We ran.

Me and Mom.

She stuffed the packages of meat inside my winter jacket.

I said no, that I didn't like the blood. The blood would get on my clothes. Couldn't she put the meat in the shopping cart like the other moms?

She said it was a game. A game just for us, and I was her helper.

The meat was cold, and made me shiver.

I knew it was wrong, and when the man in the fruit section gave me half a banana, I cried and told him I was sorry.

She looked at me like I was the betrayer, like I didn't know what was good for me, and I knew I'd be in trouble when we got home.

When we got to the middle of the aisle, where nobody could see us, she grabbed my arm and squeezed her fingers around my arm, so tight. Mom it hurts. You're hurting me. I don't want the cold meat and the blood against me.

Her cold eyes flashed at me, and I sucked up my crying. I wiped my nose on my sleeve and I made myself small and quiet. I made myself as still as a stone.

We kept on shopping. Up and down the aisles.

At the checkout, the woman asked how old I was. She asked if I had a pretty smile. My mother said I did-I did have a pretty smile-but I wouldn't show the lady because I was rude and selfish and a liar.

The blood.

It was in my clothes. It was everywhere.

The people at the grocery store probably didn't think much about me after I left. To them, I was just another problem, probably a meth addict.

Some people watch movies and shows about zombies to get a thrill out of seeing human forms stripped of their civility. Desperate, angry, hurting creatures. I knew girls who got caught up in drugs, saw girls I knew from high school wandering around with skinny arms and banged-up knees. No jacket. Like so much of them was numb, they couldn't even feel the cold anymore.

In arguments, they fling their arms at people like sad, useless weapons. They give blow jobs to family men in parking lots, and by the way they swear and kick at the vehicle after it dumps them off, they don't even get paid.

Everywhere you go, the addicts are the same. Our neighborhood wasn't so bad, but you didn't have to travel far from where I lived to find Whalley, an area the city said was "in transition." I'd seen people openly dealing and shooting up. That was their business, though, and I kept to mine.

The stupidest thing about me running out of the grocery store like a crazy person was that I got myself lost. It took me twenty minutes to retrace my steps and find my way back.

I stood outside, staring at the glass doors and people going about their business. My little two-wheeled cart was in there. The gift from my grandmother. I didn't know what it cost to replace, but the value had to be slightly more than my pride.

I could see my cart through the window, standing at the end of the checkout.

Digging around in my purse, I found a hair elastic and pulled my hair up into a high ponytail, a wholesome, middle-class, cheerleader ponytail. I peeled off my pink hoodie and rolled it up into my purse. The shirt I wore underneath was black, and the change in appearance gave me the confidence to walk back in.

Moving calmly, looking at my cell phone as I walked, like I was checking a text message from my husband, I walked by the checkout and grabbed the handle of my cart without breaking my pace.

I strode over to the newspaper stand, pretending to be distracted by a headline, did a three-point turn with the cart, and reversed direction back out the store again.

My heart was pounding. Even though I hadn't done anything wrong.

I had to keep reassuring myself that as I walked away from the store, fighting the urge to break into a run.

I didn't like thinking about the past, but lately it had been trying to catch up with me.

Not just at the grocery store, but everywhere I went.

I did what I could to keep my head down, to stay focused on the present moment, where I had control.

After I got my cart, I went to the other grocery store and bought all the same groceries I'd already shopped for. The cheese strings weren't on sale at this store, but they had a deal on mini yogurts that wasn't bad.

I barely had time to get everything home before I had to rush off to work again. I skipped lunch, angry at myself for the freak-out at the first store. I should have taken the bruised apple and put back something else. Why did I always have to take the difficult path?

When I got to work, the first thing I did was pour myself a shot.

Then Lana got there, and she'd also had "quite the day."

Toward the middle of my shift, around dinner time, Sawyer came in, smiling and looking around like he'd had a great day, and wasn't it a great day? Everybody was having a great day.

He didn't go to his table, but hung around the bar, chatting with Bruce and watching me and Lana work.

"Hey Aubrey, I know what I need to do," he said, leaning over the bar to see what we were doing with the blender, which was none of his business.

"Good for you."

"I've been inspired, and I just spent the last three hours painting over a big block of that art commission. You could say I've found my muse."

"Good."

"Is that a smile?"

I put down the fruit I was chopping and stepped back, patting my face gingerly with both hands. "I don't know, is it?"

The music was really loud, washing away all my thoughts. I wasn't smiling, but I felt like I was.

"When are you off work?"

I glanced down at the pineapple. "When all the booze is gone."

"Are you planning to drink it all yourself?" He gave me a concerned look, his moss-green eyes as cute as ever.

Lana had encouraged me that evening. It was Thursday night, which meant "staff piss-up" (her words, not mine.) She made us her fruity invention with the blender. It tasted better than Diet Coke and went down easy. Too easy. And then there'd been a few more drinks. Anything to get the memory of the nightmare of that day's grocery shopping horror out of my head. Now there was one grocery store in my neighborhood I couldn't show my face in. What had come over me? So what if the cashier had been stupid and rude, why did I run?

I didn't understand my behavior, but a few shots of gin made it seem almost funny. Imagine. That stupid store manager wanting to search my purse. Me yelling and accusing him of wanting to touch me. If he'd searched my purse, he would have found suckers and granola bars, plus a crappy old cell phone that wouldn't hold a charge. I probably could have pitched a fit and gotten some store credit to smooth over the indignity.

Instead, I snuck in like a thief and retrieved my little cart, ashamed and terrified they'd see me, even though I'd done nothing wrong.

Whatever. People did weird things every day. People were f**king weird.

"Hey." Sawyer waved his hand in front of my face. "Have you eaten anything today?"

"You mean food?"

"Yes. Food. When are you off?"

I waved my hands emphatically. "No idea."

From out of nowhere, Uncle Bruce appeared at my side. "Aubrey, you can probably knock off a bit early."

"No."

"It's only a few hours early," he said. "I take full responsibility for your inebriated state. Lana is a menace with the blender. It's all her fault." He shook his head and glared playfully in her direction. "I would fire the woman if she wasn't so damn popular with my regulars."

We all looked over at Lana, who was giggling and shaking her h*ps in rhythm with the music as she filled up beer glasses for some very appreciative men. She tossed her crazy purple hair from side to side like she was a wood nymph and this dark bar was her forest home.

"I'm not really in the mood for beer," Sawyer said. "What do you say we go get some burgers? I know a great place. Steak burgers, no filler."

"No filler? But I love filler. It's the best part."

"You don't know what you're talking about, do you?"

I shrugged. "You don't have to be crazy to work here, but it helps."

Bruce said, "Hey now."

Sawyer was already moving back toward the door, so I grabbed my things and followed him in a daze. I didn't like Bruce cutting my hours, because I needed the money, but I had a feeling that when he'd hired me, he hadn't actually needed another server. Most of my part-time shifts were weekdays, and never the closing shift. That way I could still get up to get Bell ready in the morning for school without too much pain, though there was always some pain, since I never was a morning person.

The sunshine outside the bar was painfully bright and sent me sneezing.

"Two helmets," Sawyer said. "You'll notice I have a spare one now."

This time, even in my state, I remembered to move my purse cross-wise before doing the helmet. My head was even bigger than usual that day, but I got it on, and in a moment I was on the back of the bike, my arms wrapped around Sawyer like this was just a regular routine thing I did.

The vibrations of the bike combined with his body next to mine awoke a yearning in me. I didn't want my real life anymore, with all the lies and stories and fear I'd be caught any day. I wanted to be a regular girl who got dressed up to go clubbing with her friends, or took rides on motorcycles with boys.

We drove through traffic, getting caught in rush hour and breathing exhaust at every intersection.

The City of Surrey wasn't like any place I'd lived before. The strip malls and squat industrial offices weren't tall or dense, but they stretched out forever, and everything looked the same no matter where you looked. People drove vehicles there, everywhere, and not many people walked.

The people you did see out for strolls were usually older men with long beards and different-colored turbans. I'd never seen so many people from India before. I hadn't been out much beyond Surrey, but I'd heard some areas of the Lower Mainland had a big Chinese population, and nearby Richmond had a mall where you'd swear you were in China once you were inside.

We pulled into a strip mall, and I saw why Sawyer had chosen that place. The burger diner was right next to a pool hall. He grinned at me as we took off our helmets.

"First a burger, then a lesson," he said.

"But I haven't even seen your piece of art," I said. "I'm supposed to be helping you, trading, not just taking."

"In time. No need to rush."

I wiped out getting off the bike, twisting funny on my foot and landing on my ass.

"Had a few drinks," I said from the ground.

"You don't say."

I yelled, "Stop looking at me."

He turned his back and waited patiently as I got back up. A wave of nausea passed over me, making my eyes water, then passed on.

I breathed a sign of relief and said, "Maybe I should eat something."

He turned back, grinning, and offered me his elbow in a cute, old-fashioned sort of way.

I nearly took it, but remembered the wedding ring on my finger. As far as he knew, I was married. So what did that say about him?

He held the door to the burger place open for me.

I stopped and stayed on the sidewalk, still in the bright sun. "Do you have a girlfriend?"

"I'm seeing someone."

"Is it serious?"

"It's not fatal."

"Do you ever give a straight answer?"

"Do you ever just relax and stop clutching your day in a tight little fist? Let it unfurl. Shake out your hands and see what comes to you."

He let the glass door shut and took a step back into the sunshine to stand before me.

"Like this." He clenched his fists at chest-level and then released them, shaking out his long fingers. I'd seen him do this after drawing, but just with one hand.

I made the fists and then shook them out. I felt self-conscious, like people were staring at me, but we were on our own, on the concrete in the middle of a city that sprawled out forever. We were two dots on a map, and I shook out my hands. He clenched his fists, blew air on them, and shook them out again. I did the same. Two dots on a map, surrounded by other dots.

"Now we can get some burgers," he said.

I nodded and followed him, feeling obedient.

Inside the restaurant, the smell of food woke up my hunger, the way putting my arms around him on the motorcycle had awoken other desires.

He announced he was hungry and ordered a double cheeseburger with the works.

"Single cheeseburger, no fries," I said when I placed my order.

"Two orders of fries for me," he said to the pretty girl at the counter. She wore enormous hoop earrings and dark red lipstick. She looked about my age, but I could tell by her face we had nothing in common. She thought she was too good to work there, too good to be serving someone like me.

I tried to pay for our meal, but Sawyer wouldn't let me. "I'm not a starving artist," he said. "I play bass for a friend's band when their regular guy is off the grid, and I get paid cash for that. Plus I deal drugs."

The cashier coughed in alarm.

"Kidding," he said, chuckling. "No drugs, but I did pimp booze once upon a time. I used to work for your uncle, did you know that?"

"I did not."

"That was before I got my current thing. The thing that actually pays-not that working at the bar wasn't decent, but you girls make way more tips than an ugly guy like me."

The girl with the hoop earrings handed him his change, a sly grin on her face. "Don't be crazy. You're not ugly," she said.

He handed her back a five-dollar bill and winked at her. "Keep the change." To me, he said, "That's how it's done."

We took a seat in the half-full restaurant. There were only a dozen tables, and they were an unappealing, acid-yellow color. The lights overhead were fluorescent tubes, and extension cords and Christmas tree lights were strung along one wall as decoration.

The food was ready almost immediately, and we took our first bites in silence. Sawyer picked up a handful of his double-order of fries and tossed them on my plate.

"Try them with the malt vinegar," he said, pointing to a square-shaped glass bottle with a metal cap.

"Isn't that soy sauce?"

"Nope." He held his fists up and unfurled them with a shake before grabbing the bottle and shaking the brown liquid onto his fries and on a portion of mine.

Tentatively, I tried a fry with the glistening vinegar melting the visible granules of salt. It tasted hot and salty, like a good fry, but also sweet and sour.

"Do you like it?" he asked.

"I don't know." I stuffed a few more in my mouth. "I may need to eat all of them to decide."

He grinned, then leaned back and rubbed his right bicep, where the tentacles of his octopus tattoo wrapped around.

"Why an octopus? Is there some meaning or significance?"

"Show me a person whose tattoo doesn't have meaning to them and I'll show you a person with a temporary peel-and-stick tattoo."

"So you're not going to tell me?"

"The octopus is a mystery. It can shift its colors and markings to blend in with any background. The octopus can disappear, right before your eyes."

"And is that you? You're a master of disguise?"

"If something grabs onto the octopus, it can let go of a limb." He snapped his fingers. "Just like that. But the limb grows back. Regeneration."

I opened my hamburger bun and pulled out the pickles to eat them separately, like I always do. "So, to you, the octopus is like your tough-ass totem creature?"

"Don't make fun." He scowled at his own burger, which was already half-eaten thanks to his big bites.

"I wasn't making fun. I'm being an active listener. Don't they do that here in Canada?"

He quirked one eyebrow up. "You're kind of a smartass when you're drunk."

"I'm not drunk. Maybe there's something weird about my voice, because my uncle always thinks I'm being sarcastic when I'm not."

"Do you ever get so drunk you can't feel your face?"

"I don't think so."

"You have mustard all over your chin. You're so drunk you didn't feel it dribbling out of your mouth."

Mortified, I grabbed a napkin from the chrome dispenser and wiped the yellow off my chin.

Sawyer chuckled and took another huge bite of his burger. He chewed for a minute, then said, "How old is your kid?"

"Who told you I have a kid?"

"Those lollipops and granola bars in your giant mom purse told me you have a kid."

"Her name's Annabell. We call her Bell. She's in school now, so I mostly work during the day when she's at school. Her grandmother helps out a lot, which is just... too good to be true."

"Her grandmother?"

"Bruce's mother."

His bright green eyes darted back and forth, like he was working out a math problem in his head.

"You mean her great-grandmother. Mrs. Braun is your grandmother."

I grabbed my Diet Coke and swirled the ice, sending up fizz. "Yeah. That's what I meant. It's just kind of long and awkward to say great-grandmother all the time. I slipped up."

He nodded and stared down at the octopus. The master of disguise and escape. "Yeah, you slipped up," he said.

Adrenaline flooded my system. He's onto you, my brain yelled. Run. My heart raced as I nudged the straw back down into my Diet Coke and took a sip, slowly so I didn't choke.

He was going to press me for her age, and my age, and he was going to call me on my lies.

I wanted to run, just like I had earlier in the day, from the grocery store. I wanted to hear my shoes slapping against the concrete, feel the wind in my hair and my old life at my back.

"Thirsty," he said.

I sat back and wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. He gave me an odd look, so I grabbed another napkin and dabbed my mouth with that. "Sorry, no manners," I said. "I was basically raised by wolves."

He watched me warily for the rest of the meal, and I tried to remember my manners. I really hadn't been brought up with much awareness about table manners and the basic hygiene stuff other people took for granted. My mother never once had us wash our hands before eating a meal or after using the washroom. In junior high, when the girls started using the washroom at school in packs, that was when my friends chided me for not washing up. To fit in, I started copying what they did, soaping my hands with the thin drizzly stuff that came from the dispenser, and using my elbows to push open the door so my fingers didn't touch the handle.

After Sawyer and I finished eating, he led me next door to the pool hall. Everyone in the place turned to stare. The place had nine pool tables, and though it wasn't full to capacity, nearly everyone in there was male. Their combined stares unsettled me.

"Don't worry," Sawyer murmured, as though he could read my discomfort. "They're just curious because they don't see a lot of girls in here."

I followed him to the counter, where he paid up front for an hour and was given the pool balls by a man who either know no English or chose not to speak.

As he racked up the balls for our first game, I could feel the eyes of the men on me. I zipped up my hoodie even though the pool hall was warm enough I could have taken it off. My skin got that itchy feeling I get when I've been away from home too long-like my own skin was exhausted from keeping up the cover of hiding me. Thinking about the dirty dishes in the sink and the laundry that needed folding didn't make my skin feel any less tense.

Someone touched me on the small of my back, and I jerked upright, clutching my arms to my chest.

"Sorry," Sawyer murmured, coming to stand right in front of me. "What's wrong? I can take you home if you want. We don't have to play a game if you're not in the mood."

"Of course we'll play." I gazed up into his eyes, though seeing his worry was almost unbearable. Why did he care so much? He was far too good to be true, and way too good for a girl like me.

"You have to drop your shoulders away from your ears. You're too tense. Here, watch me." He rolled his big shoulders back, elongating his neck and stretching his head from side to side, an expression of peace on his face.

I rolled my shoulders once, twice, three times.

Around us, the other men lost interest in the newcomers and returned to their games. They were lit by their individual hanging lamps, wrapped up in their own competition. Maybe they'd never been interested in me. Maybe it was just my constant companion: my paranoia.

My first break was easy. Already I'd made progress as a pool player, and Sawyer's face beamed with pride, which made my heart squeeze inside my chest. I wanted him to be proud of me.

He showed me a few more tips, and soon he was nodding with approval at how I was doing.

An hour went by like the blink of an eye, and I said I'd buy the next hour.

"Sure, I'll let you pay with this," Sawyer said, handing me some bills from his pocket.

"I'm not a princess who expects the guy to pay for everything."

"And I'm not the pauper I appear to be." He grinned. "Princess, pauper, nice symmetry, eh?"

Shaking my head, I walked over to pay for the second hour, using Sawyer's money.

The man at the counter didn't say a word to me, either. He barely took his eyes off the TV sitting at the side of the counter.

When I got back to our pool table, Sawyer was using the Lady Helper to make a shot.

"No way," I said. "You're using the Lady Helper? I wanted to use that five shots ago, but I thought you'd make fun of me."

He tapped the cue ball gracefully, sending it arcing around one ball and gently into another, which ricocheted into the pocket as if programmed.

He said, "No shame in using the tools you have, or taking assistance."

"How zen."

"And this isn't a Lady Helper." The stick had a metal waving bit at the end, and Sawyer held it up proudly, like a trident.

"What do you call it?"

He grinned. "I call it The Fucking Thing. As in, hand me The Fucking Thing already, so I don't bend over and give all you perverts a good view of my ass."

I laughed into my hand.

"So that's what it takes to get you to laugh. A couple of swear words, and the mental image of my ass on display."

"Gimme the stick. I paid for an hour and I want my money's worth."

As I reached for the cue, he jerked his hand back. "Gimme?"

"Please and thank you."

"That's better." He turned around and pointed to the purple ball. "Now sink that in the corner pocket."

"I'm still solids? Because I see at least three shots that are easier."

"I know. But you won't get any better taking the easy shots. You may as well be at home baking cookies for your daughter."

I inhaled sharply. My daughter. My lies sounded so much worse on someone else's lips.

Getting in position for the shot, I realized I had to bank the ball, so I moved around the table. As I shifted past Sawyer, the back of my legs brushed against his. We'd only touched when riding the motorcycle, and the brief contact made me keenly aware of his body. His energy. The mass of him, tall and masculine, inches away from me.

His voice low and husky, he said, "I know I promised not to do this, but I have to. Do I have your permission to get in here and help you."

"Yes."

Slowly, he positioned himself just behind me and reached his arms around me. I wasn't scared or upset, because it was Sawyer, and I trusted him. His hot hands looped over mine on the cue, and his heat radiated into my side. His breath hot on my ear, he murmured, "Easy."

I swallowed and tried to focus on the shot, and not the feelings bubbling up inside me.

"Easy," he repeated.

"Easy peasy," I said.

"More like easy does it." He moved the cue back and forth with authority. He was so good, it made me appreciate the frustration Bell had when I helped with her hand-lettering. Of course writing letters came easily to me; I'd had years of practice and muscle memory.

"Okay, I got it," I said. "You can let go."

He gripped my hand tighter. "No, I can't."

I turned to look at him, our faces so close, our noses were nearly touching. I lost myself in those green eyes, unable to breathe. My pulse thrummed in my ears.

He said, "I can't let go, because I'm going to help you make the shot. Focus on the feeling, and I'll set it up again for you to make on your own."

"Okay, do it."

He chuckled. "You have to open your eyes."

"Right." My eyes flew open. What the hell was wrong with me?

"Easy." He leaned in closer, his legs on either side of my bent leg, his body contacting my bu**ocks lightly, and he made the shot with my hands inside his. The ball banked and sunk obediently, and I saw why he'd chosen that shot. The leave was attractive, with a series of easy shots all lined up.

He pulled away and I straightened up quickly, my head light and woozy.

With the ball put back on the table, I tried the shot again on my own.

It took me seven tries to sink the ball, but when I did, it seemed like the weight on my shoulders got a little lighter.

"You did it!" Sawyer cheered, and he grabbed me in a hug.

I grunted as he squeezed me, my arms limp at my sides.

The next part happened both slowly and quickly. I looked up and he looked down. His eyes widened, then narrowed, and he moved in to kiss me.

Chapter Nine

As Sawyer leaned in to kiss me, I turned my head to the side, and he connected with my cheek, his lips sliding across to my ear as I continued to turn.

"No," I said, backing away.

He winced. "I'm sorry, Aubrey. I got carried away. I was caught in the moment, and it was the most beautiful moment, where you had faith in yourself, and I had you, and you weren't married."

"We should go home." I looked over at the door. I would have left on my own, if I'd had any clue where in the city we were. Everything still looked the same to me.

He gathered up the balls, even though we still had fifteen minutes left on our second hour.

We were both quiet as we walked outside and put on our helmets. It was still bright out, an hour from sunset, but the air had cooled off.

Gruffly, without making eye contact, Sawyer said, "Did you happen to remember what street you live on?"

I gave him the address and street number, and he nodded. Surrey had a very logical address system, because both the streets and avenues were numbered, and the house address told you the cross-street.

Twenty minutes later, we pulled up in front of my apartment building.

Sawyer said goodbye, but coolly. Like I'd disappointed him. He kept the bike running.

"I'm sorry," I said as I stood on the sidewalk.

"Don't be." He nodded and drove away, the sound of the engine drowning out my thoughts.

After a moment staring after him, I came to my senses and let myself into the building. I took the stairs up to the third floor, because the stairs were faster and smelled better than the elevator. The apartment itself was in great shape, but the common areas weren't always in the best state. It was cheap, though, and the owner had been desperate enough to take my uncle's letter in lieu of rental references.

As I put my key in the door of the apartment, I paused, hearing an unfamiliar woman's voice inside my place. Was I at the wrong apartment? All the floors looked similar. Blue carpet. Dingy white walls and a blue door. Number 3F. My apartment. I pressed my ear against the door.

The woman was saying, "Why were you in the trunk of a car? That sounds silly."

A softer voice answered, but I couldn't hear Bell's words.

The woman continued, "How long were you in the trunk? Were you scared?"

My hand shaking, I backed away two steps. They'd found me. Social workers were in there with Bell, and soon they'd take her away.

I clutched my stomach and doubled over, nearly throwing up. My heart was beating so rapidly, I thought I might die right there of a heart attack. I dropped to my knees, my hands on the blue carpet.

Then I heard a peal of laughter. I shuffled back to the door and pressed my ear against it.

The woman said, "Yes, Taylor, you may have a glass of water. Here, let me help you find a cup in here. Looks like Bell's mother is a little behind on the kitchen work, but I'll wash one out for you."

With a shaking hand, I unlocked the door.

A woman with a halo of blond curls and black-framed glasses stood in my kitchen, washing out a glass.

"You must be Aubrey," she said. "Your grandmother had to do an important errand." She gave me an eyebrow-raise to imply there was more information.

Bell was sitting at the table with another little girl, and they were both coloring in a book Bell hadn't previously shown any interest in.

The woman nodded for me to follow her, so I did-to my own bedroom. I kicked some dirty laundry to the side as I flicked on a light.

"Your grandmother had to take your grandfather to the hospital," she said. "Now, don't worry, I'm sure it's nothing."

"He has Parkinson's."

The woman nodded. "Yes, that's what she told me. I guess he fell, but he's going to be okay."

I pulled my phone from my purse and saw the missed calls.

Feeling guilty about drinking, and being off with Sawyer when my family needed me, I mumbled, "I must have turned the ringer off to save the battery and forgotten to turn it on again."

She gave me a sympathetic smile. "It's okay, honey. None of us is perfect, and it looks like you're on your own." She shook her head and lowered her eyes. "I'm sorry. That's not right of me to make any assumptions, but I didn't see any men's shoes at the door."

"My husband's out of town a lot."

"I understand." She rubbed her hands together in a way that reminded me of one of my favorite teachers, a kind woman who took students snowshoeing on her own time every winter.

"Thanks for bringing Bell home and watching her," I said. "Can I pay you for your time? Or... I could watch your daughter sometime, if you'd like."

The woman smiled at me. "I'm Natalie. And my daughter is Taylor."

I shook her hand. "Aubrey. And you know Bell, of course."

"The girls have eaten, but I'd love a cup of tea."

I wanted her to get the hell out of my apartment, but I also liked her, just a tiny bit. I did want to make some friends. Another woman was a much better idea than a guy, because misunderstandings like what had just happened with Sawyer were always bound to happen with guys. He'd tried to kiss me, I turned away, and that was the end of that.

"Tea," I said, leading the way back out to the kitchen. "Let me wash a few cups. I don't usually leave all these dishes, but ..."

I stopped apologizing, because Natalie's face told me she didn't care about dirty dishes, and that she knew bullshit when she heard it.

We made cocoa for the girls, still happily coloring, and took our tea to the living room.

No sooner had we sat down than Natalie made a ragged inhaling sound I first mistook for the beginning of a sneeze. Dismayed, I watched as her eyes reddened and spilled out tears. I grabbed her some tissues and sat next to her, feeling helpless and uncomfortable. What the f**k?

I blew across my tea and sat quietly until she was breathing calmly and apologizing, dabbing at her eyes.

"Sorry, sorry," she said again.

"Don't be sorry," I said. "I won't tell anyone."

"I have to apologize." She grinned through the tears, which was one of the saddest expressions I'd ever seen. "It's a Canadian thing. You'll see. Live here a while longer and you'll find yourself apologizing to inanimate objects when you bump into them."

"We'll see." I blew over the hot tea and waited, my curiosity rising up. She was clearly upset, but was it my duty to ask her what was wrong? Or was it rude? I didn't like people making assumptions about me, and I didn't like them asking questions.

She said, "We need to sell the house, and I've been trying to frame this whole thing as an adventure, but the real estate agent came today, and now shit's real, you know?"

I sipped my tea and kept my face neutral. This woman actually had a house to sell and she wanted me to feel sorry for her?

She continued, "We were hoping to walk away, but after the commissions, even if we get our asking price, we'll have to cough up more money to cover the outstanding mortgage." She cast an angry glance across the room, at the undecorated wall. "Screw my life. Dave thought he was Mr. Bigshot. Mr. Big Time. Vacations every year, leasing a new car all the time instead of buying one. And then all the custom wiring for his home theater."

"Home theater?"

She shook her head and turned my way, her eyelids rimmed in red. "The agent says the theater devalues the house. We need to tear out the reclining chairs and rent or buy furniture to put in a proper family room. So people can imagine themselves there. Imagine themselves living their perfect lives in my house."

"Hmm." Part of me wanted to kick the woman out of my place, but another part of me enjoyed hearing about her problems. What's that saying? A change is as good as a rest.

She kept talking, telling me more about the custom renovations they'd done, and about her husband Dave's obsession with electronics.

I relaxed, enjoying my stint as a tourist in Natalie's "Horrible" Life.

Finally she stopped and said, "Screw my life, right?"

"I would have never guessed, Natalie. I just see you, with your cute little hipster glasses frames, and your nice jeans, and I assume you have it all figured out." I then said the one thing I hated to hear: "I'm sure it's not so bad."

She dabbed her eyes again, quiet. "Sorry for dumping on you. Most of my friends are so materialistic, and they're too busy planning their next renovation to even imagine having to scale back." She hugged herself and looked around the room, at the thrift-store furniture I'd prettied up with colorful patchwork quilts, and Bell's collection of plastic toys arranged across the one shelf in the room. "Why don't you have a television?"

"Because then I don't have to pay for cable."

"Oh." She started to laugh, in an embarrassed, self-conscious way. "Oh my god, I'm so nosy. You must hate me. I barge into your home and set up camp, having a level three meltdown."

"That's only a level three?"

She nodded. "So, what kind of medications are you on? I didn't look in your medicine cabinet, and you don't have to tell me if you don't want to. I have some Valium in my purse for emergencies, but you talked me down."

"Me? I don't take anything."

"You're a good listener." She picked up a grocery flyer from the coffee table and flipped it open to a page with holes from the coupons I'd cut out.

I said, "I try to stay away from drugs of any kind. Seen them mess up too many people. No offense intended, I'm sure you have a prescription and it's just for emergencies."

She rolled her eyes, grinning madly. "Life is not how I thought it would be. And I brought a kid into this world, can you imagine?"

I popped up from the couch to peek in on the girls, still coloring.

"Your daughter seems happy," I said as I sat down.

"Well, she's seven. I can only hope her childhood lasts longer than mine. I got my first period when I was eleven. Life's been a roller coaster ever since. The ride never comes to a stop anywhere long enough for you to get a nice view and catch your breath, does it?"

Before I could answer, she also jumped up to go check on the girls, but going over to the table instead of just peeking around the corner as I had. I got up and followed her, feeling one-upped by her parenting concern.

She said, sweetly, "Taylor, are you sleepy, honey bunny?" To me, she said, "Let me take you for lunch one day soon. I'll let you talk for a change." She pushed her curly blond hair behind her ear and her trendy glasses up her nose. How old was she? I couldn't tell, because the glasses hid the area around her eyes. Thirty?

"Sure," I said. "I work part-time, but my hours change from week to week, so I don't know when."

"Today's Thursday. Then the weekend, and all that house-selling business will have me murdering myself or Dave, so let's go Monday." She started putting her daughter's books and things into a purple, mermaid-covered knapsack.

Bell put her colored pencil down and blinked up at me. "Murdering?"

"She's just kidding," I said, wrapping my arms around her shoulders and kissing the top of her head.

Natalie said, "Kids this age are so literal, aren't they?" To Bell, she solemnly said, "I'm sorry that I was being insensitive. Sometimes grown-ups say things that can't possibly be true. Like when you were telling me about hiding in the trunk of a car."

Bell craned her neck to grin up at me. "That was fun."

"You're very silly," I said, trying to keep my voice calm even as my anxiety rose. What else was she telling people? I'd given her the adult dose of Benadryl to keep her knocked out that night. She'd been murmuring a bit, but slept a full eight hours even after we crossed the border. Yet now she was talking about it?

To Natalie, I said, "Bell has a wild imagination."

"I know your secret," Natalie said.

The world seemed to stop, and I held my breath, waiting for something to drop.

"No television," she said. "That's the secret to Annabell's wonderful imagination. What do you think, Taylor? Want to donate your little TV to charity? You can still watch your shows on the family room TV, but maybe your play room will just be for drawing and art. I can bring my watercolors in there."

"Yes," Taylor said, swinging her arms emphatically. "We can give it to Bell! She can be charity."

Natalie winced and mouthed the word sorry at me while Taylor put on her shoes by the door.

"Thanks again for coming by," I said.

"So, Monday?" She pulled a business card out of her purse and handed it to me. Apparently Natalie was also a rep for a makeup company that seemed vaguely familiar. "You know, if you did want that little television, it has a built-in disc player, and we'll get you some movies as well, then you don't need cable."

Bell started to plead with me to say yes, so I did. I had been a single caretaker to a child for long enough that I had learned to pick my battles, and refusing a free TV was not one worth fighting.

I did not look forward to Natalie prying into my life, but she was too persistent to refuse. Like Sawyer. And Derek's son. Like all the people I should have said no to, no matter how much they flattered me or promised the moon and stars.

That night, after I closed my eyes. My past caught up to me, bringing back memories that stung like the sharp blade of a knife.

I'll be sixteen soon. Sweet sixteen. I don't know what that term means, but Derek keeps repeating it to me, like a taunt. He says, "Sweet sixteen and never been kissed," then he puckers his lips at me, in front of everyone.

Derek acts like he knows me, but he doesn't know me at all. There's a diary under my pillow in my bedroom, and I know he reads it. I put a hair between the pages-one of Bell's soft, pale baby hairs. The hair always disappears within a few days, and I don't get the feeling my mother would care enough to look, so it has to be him. The pig.

I write in the diary every week, on Friday night, so there's something there for Derek to read and he doesn't go looking for my real diary, the one I keep hidden inside the ceiling.

He asks about boys at school and acts like he's protective of me. I don't know why he cares, when he's such an ass**le to me most of the time, but he's started acting all fatherly these last few weeks.

I guess he's been different since he started seeing his son. Damion has spent most of his life with his mother, two states away, but Damion's twenty now. He's not trying to be Derek's son, exactly. They're more like friends. Buddies.

It's Friday tonight, so I pull the fake diary out from under my pillow. My mother and Derek are out on one of their dates. It's a new thing. Date night. I think they went bowling last week. So stupid.

Bell has already been put to bed for the night. I tried to get her to use the Big Girl Potty, even reading to her for half an hour, but she wouldn't even pee. I put her to bed with her diaper, which was too small. Derek bought the cheap ones to save money, even though you have to leave gaps at the sides and the sticky tape catches on her baby skin if you're not careful.

I open up the diary and write the date in round, looping letters. I've heard that you can tell a lot about a person by their handwriting, and I wonder... if I change my handwriting, would that also change how I am?

My handwriting looks almost exactly like my mother's. I don't want to be like her, so I write for a full page trying out different handwriting. I mostly write about what a cheap bastard Derek is for buying the too-small diapers. I hope when he reads this, he feels like the shit he is.

The neighbor's dogs start up a ruckus, and then a few minutes later, I hear a truck pulling into the driveway. The neighbor's nearly a half mile away, but the sound travels through the valley and straight through the plywood walls of the add-on that's both my bedroom and the hallway to Bell's.

Because of the dogs, that means the vehicle didn't come from town, but from the other way. It's not Mom and Derek back early.

I turn off my light and huddle down inside my bed in the darkness. I hadn't noticed how cold my feet were until now. When your room's always cold, you wear three layers of socks and you try not to stop moving until you're snug in your bed, like a bug in a cocoon.

Someone knocks on the front door. Please go away, I pray.

They knock again.

Thoughts race through my head. It's the police, and something happened to my mother. There was an accident on the highway, and now she's dead and Derek will ship me off to foster care. My father's dead, and I'm an orphan. I know a girl at school who's an orphan, and she lives with a foster family. The family she's with now is pretty good, but not all of them are good. I've heard stories that make Derek seem not so bad, and that's saying a lot.

As I listen for another knock, I dig my fingernails into my palms. Maybe it's just someone lost, asking for directions. Ever since I was little, and Mom left me on my own when she went out, she told me not to answer the door. I'm fifteen now, and I don't feel much stronger than when I was ten. We don't have any guns in the house, on account of Derek's record, but there are knives in the kitchen, and an old golf club somewhere.

There's no more knocking, but the door opens. They have a key. I know I locked the door. I checked it three times.

Someone walks through the house, in heavy boots that clomp. Heel, toe. Heel, toe. The refrigerator door squeals as it opens.

"Aubrey?"

It's a boy's voice. Well, a man, I guess. Damion is twenty. Why's he here? He only comes over when Derek's home.

The boots come closer, until he's a darker shadow within my dark doorway. "Saw your light on," he says, and then he turns to the side to drink half a bottle of beer at once. His belt buckle glints in the light leaking around from the hall.

"Come have a drink with me," he says.

"They should be home soon," I say from within my blankets.

"I came to see you."

A strange type of warmth flushes over me. When he's been here before, he barely even looks at me. I don't know what to say, so I don't say anything. Moving slowly, I push the blankets back and get out of bed, grabbing my housecoat to pull on over my flannel pajamas.

Damion lets out a wolf whistle as I pull the tie tight around my waist.

"That's some nightie you got on. What are those, rabbits?"

I duck under his arm to get past him, and march straight for the kitchen. This part of the trailer is warmer, because of the wood-burning stove. My mother and Derek have been talking about spring arriving, like it's something that happens all at once on a certain date, like turning sweet sixteen.

"Grab me another while you're in there gettin' one for yourself," Damion says.

"I'm not drinking. No way. I don't need that kinda trouble." Damion's father, Derek, would tan my hide if he found out I snagged one of his precious beer.

Damion grabs a wooden kitchen chair and spins it around, so that he sits straddling it, his arm relaxed against the back.

"They're out for a date night," I say.

He gazes up at me with intense concentration, and says, "I know. They won't be back for hours. And I won't tell them anything." His eyes rove across my body. "Not a word."

Chapter Ten

SAWYER JONES

That attempt to kiss Aubrey on Thursday afternoon damn near cost me my life.

I was riding home, mindful of the misting rain turning the roads into a hazard. I missed the turn to go to my house, probably because it was the last place I wanted to go. The damp was setting in, but the rain hadn't gotten serious yet. I decided not to loop back, but to keep going-get out on the highway and clear my head. Something about the air whizzing past made the thoughts rinse clean and pure, leaving me only with what I needed.

What did I need?

Aubrey.

Maybe I didn't need her, but I wanted her, right from the top of my head to the soles of my feet and everywhere in between.

I hadn't been with very many girls since Janine, and she and I ended well over a year ago. I wished that when we'd made love, I would have known it was the last time, but you never know if you're the guy. And you never see the end coming.

Janine was one of those girls who always said she wasn't hungry, but you could hear her stomach growling. Whenever we got naked, I had to be careful to keep the lights off, and to keep her focused on me, or better yet, her eyes closed. If she caught sight of my thighs right next to hers, she would get upset by how big hers looked in comparison.

Through my eyes, Janine had a beautiful body, but she didn't see herself through my eyes. I always told her that a healthy body that was free of disease or injury was the greatest gift a person could have. In retrospect, that was not the right thing to say. I should have told her she was a goddess. I wouldn't have been lying, either-I would have gladly worshiped her body. I thought it was an unspoken truth she knew. I hadn't considered how important it was for girls to hear those positive words.

When Janine told me she'd booked an appointment for liposuction, I'd actually laughed. I thought that was just her funny excuse for eating half the fries off my plate, as usual.

The lipo was no joke. They drew lines on her body with felt markers, and then they put her under and suctioned the fat away from around her thighs, and that round part beneath her navel that I liked to rest my hand on when we were in bed.

After the surgery, she had terrible pain, and took enough pills that she had me worried she might not wake up. I slept over at her place, but on the couch so I wouldn't see her na**d until she was all healed up.

When she finally did invite me into her bedroom, I was giddy with excitement. Being around her and smelling her skin but not being able to touch her had made me crazy. She made me sit on a chair and watch as she stripped for me. It was a weekend afternoon, raining and cold outside, and her roommate was out shopping. As she took off her shirt, I started to feel nervous, and it wasn't just my hard-on. She was looking at me funny.

I clapped my hands and whistled, the way I imagined you were supposed to react when someone was stripping for you.

She gave me a withering look, and I dropped my hands to my sides.

"You don't have to be a prick about it," she said. "You know I did this for you."

I was speechless. The idea that her needing to have liposuction had anything to do with me was preposterous. Right then, I should have realized that she and I did not share a similar belief system. We were barely even on the same planet. But... I'm a guy, and she took her skirt off, and once we were both naked, we didn't seem so different after all.

Together, we made it through the long, dark nights of winter.

Spring came, and we talked a lot about "getting ahead." I'd ask who it was we were supposed to be getting ahead of, and she'd say it wasn't people, but bills. We'd get ahead of the bills, and once she was out of school and working, we'd buy a condo together.

I never did meet any of her teachers, even though I'd heard so much about them. She finished her schooling to be a Registered Massage Therapist, and she took some other guy with her to the graduation party. So I heard, through friends of friends. She broke up with me three weeks before her course finished, giving me some bullshit line about us having different destinies.

She had her destiny, with her new career and her shiny new boyfriend-I heard he was in law school-and what did I have?

A motorcycle. That's what I went out and blew a stack of cash on.

By the time I met Aubrey, a year later, Janine seemed like someone who happened to another guy, like one of those urban legends guys tell each other as a warning. Like the story about a girl poking holes in a condom.

Here's my urban legend: Girl gets liposuction, forgets about boy who supported her emotionally and financially through all but three weeks of school. Girl ditches idiot boy and upgrades to wealthier boyfriend. Girl gets engaged immediately. Girl shows off enormous diamond ring to ex-boyfriend's mother at grocery store.

Be warned, guys. Be warned. If the tuition you're paying isn't for a course you're taking, you might be getting played.

Yes, Janine really did show her engagement ring to my mother at the grocery store. When my mother told me, I couldn't tell who she was more disappointed in.

The second thing I noticed about Aubrey was she didn't wear a diamond. The first thing I noticed was her eyes. You know how you can hear the ocean when you hold a seashell up to your ear? Sure, it's just the sound of your own blood rushing in your veins, but it's a cool trick, all the same.

When I looked at Aubrey's eyes, so gray and pure, I could feel the pull of the moon.

As I rode away from her that night, my body steering the bike on instinct without the help of my conscious thoughts, I could feel the moon pulling at me.

The moon teased me.

All my instincts were wrong, and I couldn't trust my feelings. I'd tried to kiss her, but she'd pulled away, and I was so sure I'd ruined everything. Even if she wasn't married, as I suspected, she probably thought even less of me after that.

I cursed myself for being such a f**king idiot, and I rolled through a stop sign. A truck honked as it bore down on me. I was already out in the middle of the road, and the best evasive maneuver was to gun it, but I hesitated. What scared me was my willingness to die, to be free of all the emotions and heartbreak of this world. What scared me was the tiny blossom of acceptance.

I hit the juice at the last possible minute and peeled out of the way. The truck couldn't have rubbed my back tire. It couldn't have come so close to killing me, then simply nudged my back tire enough to give the bike a wobble as I crossed the street, but it did.

To the right of me, on the sidewalk, two boys stood holding their bicycles, both of them with their mouths open, staring at me.

I came to a stop, my feet on the pavement, and yelled to them over the sound of the engine, "Did you see that?" Had they seen my near-transformation into an organ donor?

The boys looked at each other like they were about to get in trouble, jumped on their bikes, and pedaled away quickly.

I wondered, where were they off to in such a hurry? Did they also feel the pull of the moon, telling them to do things they knew they shouldn't?

Chapter Eleven

AUBREY

I woke up Friday morning twisted up in my bedsheets. The alarm clock hadn't gone off yet, but I could hear Bell up already, doing something. I crawled out of bed and found her, bottomless, dragging sheets off her bed.

Without a word, I opened the bi-fold door for the stacking washer and dryer that we were fortunate to have in the apartment. I flipped up the lid of the washer and started stuffing the sheets in, careful not to react to the stench of urine.

"I'm sorry, Mommy," she said, pressing her face against my hip.

She'd never called me Mommy in private before, and I didn't know how to react or what it meant.

"Don't worry," I said. "We've got the plastic cover on your mattress. It just wipes right off and washes away, okay?"

"Taylor will know."

"Your friend? She won't know if we don't tell her."

This answer seemed to satisfy her, and she padded off to brush her teeth.

I couldn't remember if I'd gotten her to pee one last time before bed the night before. After Natalie and Taylor left, I'd been on the phone with my grandmother, finding out what happened at the hospital. It had sounded a lot worse than it really was, and his fall had been minor. Apparently they'd mixed up my grandfather's Parkinson's medications, and the big yellow pill that actually helped the most was the one he hadn't been taking.

"I've been having too much fun," my grandmother had said over the phone. "With my darling granddaughters."

"We're a burden on you. I'll ask Bruce to cut back my shifts. Maybe I can find something else that's mornings or days only."

"Don't be silly," she'd said. "You and Bell give me more comfort than you know. My family was broken for a long time, and now it's finally whole again."

I wondered if my grandmother had changed as she got older, or if she'd always been so loving. My mother had denied me knowing her when I was Bell's age, and that made me so angry.

To think, I could have had my sweet grandmother in my life all those years.

I didn't think I could hate my mother more.

On Friday at work, I kept staring at the entrance, expecting a certain regular to come in.

Maybe he was staying away on account of how we'd left things Thursday night. I worried he wouldn't come in ever again, and Bruce's feelings would be hurt.

A tall, muscular guy with dark hair came in and sat at Sawyer's table, and I felt angry and sad that my mind kept playing tricks on me, making me think it was Sawyer when it wasn't.

Toward the end of my shift, Sawyer hadn't shown, and I was regretting not letting him kiss me. I replayed the moment in my head, over and over, only with me crushing my lips to his, drinking him in as I wrapped my hands around him and up into his hair.

Lana was in a weird mood, mixing things in the blender again, but I only had a couple of small drinks. After my shift, I had the entire evening off, as Bell was staying with her grandmother overnight, in her new Princess-on-Vacation room. It just was my grandfather's office, with the sofa made into a small bed, but they'd put up pink curtains over the brown ones, and flowered wall decals.

At the end of my shift, I was grabbing my purse to go when a tall young man with dark wavy hair walked in. I cursed this new doppelganger, but this time, it actually was Sawyer, and my heart sang at the sight of him.

"I was in the area," he said. "Thought you might like a lift home."

We stared at each other, neither one acknowledging the near-kiss the previous day.

"That's nice of you to offer," I said.

"That's what friends do."

"So it is." And we were friends, except I was staring at his lips, thinking about kissing him.

Lana, who was still messing around at the blender, stopped and looked up at us both with big, hopeful eyes. "Don't go home!" she said to Sawyer. "Aubrey's got the night off. You two should go out dancing. Shake your tail feather."

Sawyer smirked my way. "I don't think Aubrey has a tail feather."

"All the more reason to shake it," Lana said.

"My band's playing," he said. "That band I play bass for sometimes. They're playing not far from here."

"What kind of music?"

"It's hard to describe. They have a lot of influences, but the sound is unique, yet also familiar, in that way great music feels familiar."

"Country?"

He laughed. "I said they're playing not far from here. Not out in Langley."

I shrugged, feeling stupid. A lot of the people I knew back home were into country music, but I always forgot it wasn't so popular here. You had to go further east, away from the city, to find country bars.

"I should just go home. Can you give me a ride home?"

He grinned. "Sure. We can go to your place after we go hear some good, non-country music."

My mind tripped over him saying "go to your place." I imagined him in my apartment, kissing me at the front door, then coming in... and undressing me. His mouth on my skin. His hands on my body.

Lana latched onto me, her arm around my waist. "Fun! Don't you think, Aubrey? Wow, I'd go if I were you."

Sawyer said, "You can come too. All of us are friends, right?"

Lana pointed her thumb over her shoulder. "The big guy's got me working 'til closing. You know how it is." She mimed cracking a whip.

Bruce was behind the bar messing around with the draft taps as usual. He was barely taller than me, but she and some of the other waitresses called him big guy as a term of affection.

Sawyer nodded over at the pool table, where some college kids were laughing and playing a very sloppy game with no apparent rules. "Get any practice in today?"

"I'm comfortable enough over there," I said.

"Good." He turned back toward the door, glancing back once to make sure I was coming.

Outside, the night was like a blanket that was supposed to be black but had been washed many times. The lights of the city drifted up in a haze, so you could see the stars only if you looked straight up. I didn't miss the complete, broad view of the stars that much, since they always made me feel lonely and reverent.

Riding the motorcycle at night felt different, in the way that everything feels more intimate in the dark. There was more distance between us and everyone else, and Sawyer and I felt closer, huddled together on the leather seat, his back my comfort.

He took me to a place that seemed like an alternate universe version of Bruce's bar.

You wouldn't know it from the plain-looking exterior, but inside, this bar had an Irish theme, with green-striped paper on the walls above dark woodwork. Framed prints of a rolling-hill countryside dotted with sheep graced the entrance.

A band was already playing, doing a slowed-down version of a song that sounded familiar. This pub was bigger on the inside than it seemed from outside, the opposite of Bruce's place.

We found a seat and ordered drinks. I still couldn't place the song, so I asked Sawyer.

He grinned. "Katy Perry."

"Oh!" I made an exaggerated show of smacking my forehead. The song sounded so different slowed down and sung by a guy. Not bad.

"Wanna dance?" Sawyer nodded over to the tiny dance floor, not much more than a space between tables.

"Lemme warm up."

"Come on, before our drinks get here." He jumped up, not taking no for an answer, and wove his way over to the space before the stage. The singer, an otherwise-cute guy with stringy hair, grinned and leaned down to give him a fist-bump, then went back to singing the Katy Perry.

This was the band Sawyer played in sometimes. They were good, I thought, but what did I know?

I didn't want to dance, but I didn't feel any more comfortable at the table by myself, so I got up and joined him on the dance floor.

We swayed back and forth, me with my arms stiffly at my sides, him with an easy confidence. He faced the band and sang along with the chorus, then played the air drums for a moment as he made grinning eye contact with the drummer.

I got this strangely intense feeling about him not looking my way, like I was jealous of his love for the band. Which was ridiculous.

The song finished, and they started an eighties song, Summer of Sixty-Nine.

Sawyer gave them the thumbs up and then started clapping.

After a moment of swaying, I leaned in and said, "So, they're a cover band? That doesn't seem so hard to describe."

"This is just the crowd-pleaser stuff. Gotta give the people what they love, make 'em feel smart, singing along with lyrics they know by heart." He held his arms bent up in front of his chest, wiggling his fists side to side in a cute move as he sang along with the chorus of the Bryan Adams song.

I closed my eyes for a moment and tried to relax, let go. My feet weren't moving much, I realized, and all my movement was in my hips. I shook one leg and then the other to get them going.

"Nice moves," Sawyer said, making fun of me.

"At least I don't dance like this." I held my arms up at the same angle as his and made a goofy face as I wiggled my fists with the beat.

He leaned back and laughed so loud, it distracted the band and caused them to lose a beat or two.

"Drinks!" he said, pointing to the server making her way to our table. "Race you back. Loser buys the round."

He covered the distance quickly with his long legs, but then he did that thing again, where he made me pay using money from his pocket.

After a few more cover songs, the band did play an original. I wasn't sure how I felt about the song. Unlike the others, it was my first time hearing it, and I couldn't say I had any strong feelings, good or bad.

Sawyer leaned in and said, "This song is about his mean girlfriend. Notice how he punches the word cruel. That was a bad scene, but it's been an endless source of creative inspiration."

"What did she do? That was so cruel?"

"She lied."

I took a sip of my drink-a rye and Diet Coke.

"What did she lie about?" I asked.

He fixed me with his green eyes that looked so dark and bottomless in the low light. "Does it matter what she lied about?"

"Of course it matters."

"A shorter list would be, what things did she not lie about?"

I nodded along with the music. "Great song."

He stared at me, his face having the look of someone figuring out a puzzle. Self-conscious, I looked down at my lap and rotated my chair around, so I was partly facing the band and could watch them without craning my neck.

The band took a break, with half of them going outside to smoke and half of them joining us at our table. Every bar in the city was smoking-free, because it was a law for the whole province. Some places had covered patios outside just for smoking, with huge signs imploring the patrons to not yell too much, please.

The guys from the band who joined us at our table were really cool, neither ignoring me completely, nor being too interested and inquisitive. They kept calling the guitarist a word I'd never heard of before.

Finally, curiosity got the better of me and I asked, "What's a keener?"

The stringy-haired lead singer explained, "One who is keen. A real go-getter."

Sawyer said, "Same as a brown-noser."

"No," the singer said, shaking his head. "Words are specific. They have specific meaning and are not interchangeable. The meaning is slightly different. A keener might brown-nose their superiors, but they get ahead in life on their own merits. On their own hard work."

The other guys laughed. To me, Sawyer said, "Beware a lyricist. They really care about words."

The singer turned to me. "We're trying to encourage Tommy here to be less cool. To care more about art, without apology."

"Tommy?"

"They call me Tom Sawyer. Tommy. It's not my name, though. I mean, come on, do I look like a Tommy?"

"Why are you named Sawyer?"

"Why are you named Aubrey?"

The singer waved his hand between us to interrupt. "May I write a song about you, beautiful, mysterious Aubrey?"

Sawyer shook his head, playfully mouthing the word no.

"Sure," I said.

"You won't be sorry," the singer said, giving me a double eyebrow raise.

And then they were off, back up on the stage.

We watched them play for a while, and I tried to remember the last time I'd been out to see a band with friends. It was something most girls my age took for granted-being able to have fun, thinking only of themselves. I pretended to be watching the band, but I was mostly looking at the other young women in the bar. One group in particular was hard to ignore.

Over the sound of the girls squealing and downing tequila shots the next table over, I said to Sawyer, "Is that a normal bachelorette party around here?"

The girl at the center of the action wore an oversized white T-shirt that had multi-colored hard candies stuck all over it. Crudely written in felt marker on the front, back, and sleeves, was BUCK A SUCK. I watched as a few guys gamely offered her a dollar or two, then sucked the candies off her shirt as everyone watched and squealed. The girl wore a tiara with a small veil, which was the main thing tipping me off that she was the bride-to-be.

"You mean the stagette," he said. "That's what we call it. Most of us. My mother's from New Zealand, and she'd call it a hen party."

"But is this typical? With the costumes?"

"Didn't you do this when you got married?"

I shook my head, no.

He looked pointedly at my stomach, and I knew what he was thinking-that I'd been a knocked-up bride.

One of the entourage came by our table, teetering on her high heel boots. She wore a tight bodysuit and cat ears, like several of the other girls. "Only a buck," she squealed.

Sawyer answered politely, "Thanks, but I'm trying to cut back on my sugar."

The girl glared at me, as though I was the one holding an invisible leash, keeping him from fondling her best friend.

"What's the money for?" I asked.

She rolled her eyes and walked away.

I leaned in and said to Sawyer, "Was I rude to ask that? It's just that with a kissing booth or something, it's usually for charity. That takes away some of the... you know."

He gave her another look, then turned back to me, his eyebrows high with excitement. "She could make a hundred bucks if she sells all the candies on her shirt for a buck each. And I'm sure she's got more that she could re-load with." He nodded down at my purse, on my lap. "Hey, let's make some cash. Get out some of those suckers I know you have in your purse, then we'll dip them in water to stick on your shirt."

"Very funny."

"You say that now, but it could be very lucrative." He laughed harder and harder. "And tax-free, too."

The girls pushed past us and formed a circle on the dance floor. The atmosphere and the booze in my system was making me introspective. Part of me wished I had a group of friends my age to do that stuff with-I'd already missed out on so much, and who knew what the future held for me. Time was slipping away.

The band started to play a familiar-sounding song I couldn't quite pin down. I closed my eyes and listened to the music, focusing on the lyrics.

When I opened my eyes again, Sawyer looked sad, like he wished the bass player wasn't there that night, and he could be up on the little stage instead.

When he caught me staring, he flashed me a grin, revealing those perfect teeth of his. Now that my tooth didn't hurt, I wasn't thinking about teeth as much, but his were really nice.

"You're having fun," he said.

"I am?"

"Always leave 'em wanting more." He pushed back in his chair, stood, and nodded for us to go.

Outside in the cool night air, as I was fastening the chin strap of my helmet, he said, "Wanna learn to ride?" He held out the keys, his face lit only by passing headlights and red taillights.

"Don't I need a permit or something?"

"Spoilsport," he teased.

An elderly man with a hunched-up back approached us, mumbling something incomprehensible.

"Sorry, man," Sawyer said, but I was already reaching into my pocket for some change.

The man's expression turned hopeful and he trained his watery, pale blue eyes on me, shuffling closer. I could see by the angle of his jaw he had no teeth, and his gaunt cheeks told me he was thin under his clothes. His top layer was a woman's ski jacket-pink-and it might have appeared funny to people who had never been truly poor.

I handed him all the change from my pocket, which included some two-dollar coins.

He muttered a blessing that was far too generous for the small amount I'd given him, and shuffled off into the dark night.

Sawyer said, "Now I feel like a dick. Wait. Hang on." He handed me his helmet and loped off after the guy.

I watched, my arms getting goosebumps from the cold night air, as he talked to the guy for a few minutes and emptied out his pockets into the man's hands.

When Sawyer came back, he had his head down, and he took back the helmet quietly.

We got on the motorcycle, and I looped my arms around his waist without hesitation. I hung on tight, and because he couldn't see my face, I allowed myself to cry.

I cried because the world was beautiful.

When we pulled up in front of my building, the little wannabe-gangsters were in full force around the front door. The kids were in their early teens, and one or two of them lived in the building. They were more annoying than actually scary, but I tried to avoid them.

As soon as Sawyer turned off the engine, I heard their strident voices, calling out and demanding we go buy them alcohol. When I didn't respond, a few started calling me a stuck-up bitch.

I saw something flash in Sawyer's eyes-a look that scared me. "Which one of them lives here?" he asked me.

"I've seen the stupid-looking one around a lot. Red jacket. He's harmless, though. Don't worry about him."

Sawyer had his helmet off, his wavy brown hair still flattened down and plastered to his forehead. We were in the dark, at the edge of the light shed by the security lights at the front of the apartment building.

"He's not harmless," he said, growling and looking like a big dog who just saw a pack of mutts step into his yard.

"Calm down, they're all talk."

"He just pulled out a knife and flashed it at that other kid."

I squinted their way. Sawyer could see that amount of detail from where we were?

Holding onto his arm, I said, "Don't worry about it. I'll just go around to the side entrance."

He shrugged his arm from my hands and strode across the front lawn, then straight into the middle of them.

I stayed where I was, my feet frozen to the pavement.

They seemed to talk for a minute, the five teens-all shorter than Sawyer, but not by much-circling around like wily pack animals. One of the guys-not the one who lived in the building-acted like he was walking away, then turned quickly and snuck up behind Sawyer.

Before I could yell out a warning, the kid punched Sawyer in the back of the head. Big mistake. Sawyer whipped around, all fists and fury. The kid was knocked flat to the ground, and when the next one came at Sawyer, he was sent flying back, and I heard the slam as he hit the glass building door behind him.

Oh, f**k.

Chapter Twelve

I started running toward them, but my shoes weren't made for running and one of them started pulling off my foot, tripping me. By the time I got to my feet again, the skirmish was over. The visiting kids ran off, and the one who lived there had his head bowed, using his key to open the door. He'd been the one tossed back into the glass.

I tore open the door, praying the kid wasn't hurt.

Inside the lobby, I heard Sawyer was saying, "If you'll apologize to Aubrey, I think she'll forgive you and not tell your mother what just happened."

The kid turned to me, his chocolate-brown eyes pleading and large. He was breathing rapidly, shaken, but not broken. Now that I could see he wasn't hurt, I could be properly pissed at him.

The kid cried out, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything! I was joking."

"That's fine," I said. "Stay out of my way and I'll stay out of yours."

Sawyer released his grip on the boy's jacket, and he darted away, down the hallway.

I didn't know whether to give Sawyer holy hell or thank him, so I just pulled open the door to the stairwell and started up the stairs.

Sawyer stood in the doorway and called up after me, "I probably shouldn't walk you to your door. Your husband might grab me by my jacket collar and give me a talking-to, right?"

I stopped and turned my head to the side. "There is no husband."

Then I closed my eyes and held my breath.

I heard his foots on the carpeted stairs behind me, and then I heard his breathing.

We walked up to the third floor in silence, and I opened the apartment door without looking his way. I winced at the familiar sight of dirty dishes in the kitchen sink. At least the place smelled decent, thanks to a peach-scented air freshener I had plugged into the outlet on the stove.

"Sorry," I muttered as I flicked on the light switches. "My place is a disaster."

"Dude, you've seen my place." He stopped and kicked off his shoes in the tight entrance, then followed me into the kitchen and stopped at the fridge, admiring the artwork by Bell that surrounded his drawing of the frog.

I pulled off my shoes and tossed them back to the doorway. "You Canadians," I said. "Always taking your shoes off in the house and making me feel like I have no manners."

Without taking his eyes off the drawings, he said, "You did mention you were raised by wolves."

Did I? Was that to him? I couldn't keep track of my stories anymore, and now I'd just admitted there was no husband, whatever that meant. Should I say there is one, but he lives in America? Or that we're recently separated?

"I've never been married," I said.

He nodded, still looking at Bell's drawings.

"I've never even had a real boyfriend."

"That's hard to believe." He glanced over at me, looking sexy and dangerous. "Wait, no. It's easy to believe. You push people away."

"People suck."

"That they do," Sawyer said, running his finger over the lines of the frog drawing. "I hated myself for chasing a married woman, and I got used to that disgust, and now I find out you're not married, and I don't know what to feel."

"Did I suddenly get less interesting?"

He turned to me, his green eyes dark and serious. "You didn't get less beautiful."

Embarrassed, I started rummaging in the kitchen cupboards, looking for something to offer him. I had a bottle of red wine Bruce had given me as a housewarming, so I pulled it out and ransacked the junk drawer for a corkscrew, though I was fairly certain I didn't own one.

Sawyer caught my hand and pulled it toward his mouth. Slowly, tenderly, he kissed my knuckles. He caught me in his gaze and turned my hand over, then kissed my wrist.

My heart fluttered and my head buzzed. This was happening. Right now.

His voice husky, he murmured, "Your daughter's away for the night?"

I nodded, yes.

"Do you want me to leave?"

"Not yet."

He tugged my hand, looping first one of my arms and then the other over his shoulders. I gazed up at him. His wavy dark hair was still flattened from the helmet, so I ruffled my heads through it, amazed at how soft his hair felt. After all this time, I was touching him, touching his hair, the back of his neck.

"Aubrey, you confuse and confound me. I love not knowing how I'm going to feel from one moment to the next whenever you're around."

I leaned forward on my tiptoes, moving my mouth closer to his.

"Aubrey, I ..."

Green eyes sparkled down at me, burning the moment into my mind.

His dark eyelashes lowered, and he shifted down, his lips touching mine with what felt like a spark. We were still in my little galley-shaped kitchen, next to dirty dishes, but the whole world disappeared as his lips touched down and explored mine.

At the same time as my lips parted, his tongue wetting the edges of our lips, his hands landed on my waist, pulling me to him and then moving around to the small of my back.

Our tongues touched, and now I was eager for him, burying one hand in his hair while the other rested on the back of his broad shoulder, steadying me as I moved higher on my toes to reach him. My whole body yearned for contact.

His hands, hot and heavy, moved across my back and up between my shoulders. He pulled his mouth from mine with a sigh, and kissed my neck, sucking at the sensitive skin below my ear and jaw, making me aware of the strong, steady pulse thrumming there.

He pulled gently at my skin with his mouth, licking and sucking down the side of my neck, up my throat, and around the other side.

"C'mere," he grunted, and he moved me with his hands on my hips, over to the kitchen table. He scooped me up and sat me on the surface as if I weighed nothing. Now he was leaning forward, pushing me back, pushing me back with the force of his lips until I was on my back.

He grabbed my legs and tugged me toward him, and I felt his hardness against me, through both of our jeans. Leaning forward, his elbows on the table on either side of me, he kissed my hungry lips, then my throat, and the skin at the top of my shirt.

I'd sworn to myself I wouldn't do this, and now I was. I'd never been as excited for anything as I was for Sawyer. My hands explored his body, cupping the muscles on his back, feeling the raw power of him. So f**king hot.

He pulled back from my grasp, grabbed onto the hem of his T-shirt, and pulled it off over his head in one smooth, slow motion. As he moved, back-lit by the lights in the kitchen and hallway behind him, I admired the way his muscles and masculine form revealed itself to me. He leaned forward again, over me, the muscles across his neck and shoulders like taut knots of power.

I cross my arms and reached down to do the same with my shirt, but his hands were already there, tugging my shirt up and over my head. I shivered as the air touched my warm skin.

When he leaned over me again, my back still flat against the wood kitchen table, our upper bodies touched, heart to heart, skin to skin. I sighed into his lips as he kissed me again, like a fever.

My knees were up, my feet against the edge of the table, and I used my leverage to rock my h*ps up, pressing them against his body with an urgency that terrified me. His hardness pressed against my inseam as he thrust against me, all while kissing my lips and then my neck. I wanted to tear through our clothes and merge with his body.

As he sucked on my earlobe, I pulled his hand to my mouth and sucked on his thumb. He moaned into my ear as I sucked harder on his thumb in my mouth, my legs wrapped tightly around his waist.

I wanted him so bad, and I didn't care about tomorrow, or any other day.

My hands went to his waistband, unfastening his button.

He grunted and pulled me back down the table, my sweat-dampened back sticky on the wood surface. As he thrust against me, he pulled down the band of my bra, shaking out one of my br**sts.

I stopped moving and went completely limp as he moved down over my breast with his mouth, licking and blowing air on my nipple. He mouthed my breast, then sucked the nipple firmly, sending an electric jolt through my body. I arched my back, rolled my head back, and moaned. He sucked harder on my sensitive nipple and squeezed the other breast with his hand.

I thought I might die from the pleasure of Sawyer's weight against me, and his skin. The smell of him was in my nostrils, and I sucked at whatever part of him I could reach. I licked and kissed the tender-skinned inside edge of his forearm as he focused on one breast, and then I dug my fingers into the muscles of his back when he moved over to the other.

Having my jeans on was almost unbearable.

Then he was moving down, kissing along my stomach and around my navel. I closed my eyes and let myself be in my skin, in this moment, with Sawyer unfastening the button of my jeans. He reached under my bu**ocks and tugged my jeans off, but not my panties.

He kissed his way back up my torso, to my lips, as he caressed me through my underwear. When his fingers pressed over that hot, sensitive area, I moaned with pleasure.

As he pressed gently, moving in fiery circles over the cotton fabric, he whispered in my ear, "Is this okay?"

"Mm hmm."

His fingers moved up again, and then down, inside my underwear at last. His touch traveled down with the grain of the hair and then between those furrows of flesh, slipping along. The sensation was like a searing knife of pleasure, to be touched there. I cried out against his lips as he kissed me harder, his tongue firm in my mouth.

He moved his fingers up and down rhythmically, and my ears began to burn. I was going to come, just like this, any minute.

"Is this good?"

I whimpered in response.

He kept going, and kissing, and moving his body against me along with his fingers, until I gasped.

My eyes flew open and I was staring up at his face as I came, my head and my shoulders lifting up from the table and curling into him.

He slowed his hand and pulsed gently, pressing against me as I shuddered.

Again, he kissed me, only this time my senses felt different. I was aware of the hard table under my back, and the wet sounds of us kissing. I could hear him breathing, heavily, as he rocked into me, his hardness against my inner thigh.

Knocking.

I giggled, embarrassed, and he made a reassuring noise as he kissed my chin and gently bit the edge of my jaw.

Knocking.

"Someone's at your door," he murmured.

Chapter Thirteen

The tapping at the door was insistent.

I whispered to Sawyer, "Just ignore them."

"Do you have a peephole?"

"I don't know. I just moved in here."

He pulled back and fastened the top button of his jeans, grimacing, then picked up his shirt from the floor. Stepping carefully, so quiet, he moved through the galley kitchen and to the door.

I whispered, "Can you see anyone?"

He pulled his shirt back on over his head as he walked back to me from the door. His voice low, but not whispering, he said, "There was a woman, Indian, not very tall. Older than us. Probably that boy's mother, right?"

"Or his aunt. He lives with his mother and aunt, I think. No men."

He shrugged. "Blood is thicker than water. If it's family, you just don't know if she's coming to apologize on his behalf, or tear you a new one."

Shit.

I was in trouble.

With the damn neighbor.

The moment had changed, so I pulled the band of my bra back up and composed myself, then reached for my own shirt.

He continued, "She looked like the Mama Bear type. Like you don't want to come between her and her cubs." He winced and adjusted his crotch area.

"Is she still there?"

"No, I saw her walk away." He looked sheepish. "I hope I didn't create more problems for you by talking to that kid."

"You did a shade more than talk to him. Didn't you lay him out on the sidewalk?"

"That was his buddy. I barely touched your neighbor's kid. He threw himself back into the front door when he saw me about to reach for him." He shook his head and looked down at his socked feet. "Good thing he did. I would have knocked his head into the other ones like bowling pins."

"That's not funny."

He grinned. "Sure it is. You ever go five-pin bowling?"

I pulled my shirt on, not sure what I was feeling. My emotions were all over the place, and I felt all this aggression suddenly, like I wanted to pick up something and throw it at Sawyer. How dare he touch me and make me helpless, then act like it was no big deal? How dare he joke about beating up some little punk kids?

He mimed throwing a bowling ball and made the hand-explosion gesture.

I snarled, "That's not f**king funny. I live in the same building as those people."

He looked at me sideways. Without humor, he said, "And that's exactly why you need to establish rules. Don't let people push you around, and they won't."

"Easy for you to say. You're way bigger than that kid you flung to the ground."

He took a step back, shaking his head, both hands held up between us. "Easy now. What is happening here?"

I combed my fingers through my tangled hair and looked away. "I don't know."

There was a long silence.

I scratched my cheek, the sound of my skin under my fingernails audible in the tension-filled space.

"Aubrey-"

"Hand me my pants?"

He moved forward clumsily and scooped them off the ground to hand to me.

I turned my back to him and wriggled back into them.

He said, "We should talk about what just happened."

"Let's not and say we did."

"Why are you making me out to be the bad guy here, when all I did is care about you? That kid needed to be put in his place, so that's what I did. If his mother gives you a hard time, call me and I'll deal with her, too."

He smiled to show me it was a joke, but I wasn't in any mood to laugh. My name wasn't on the lease for the apartment. I had no rights there, at all, and had been told, in no uncertain terms, that if I made any trouble at all, I'd be out on my ass. No warnings.

Bruce and my grandparents probably wouldn't allow us to be homeless again, but that apartment was my independence, my dignity.

Sawyer's first instinct with the old beggar we saw earlier that night had been to turn him away. He didn't know what it was like to have nothing. To stand in line for food at a food bank and leave with canned meat that smelled like garbage. To pour a box of macaroni into the boiling water only to discover bugs floating to the surface, but scoop them out quietly and not tell anyone, because otherwise you'd go to bed hungry.

Something told me Sawyer wouldn't understand, and maybe I didn't want him to. Maybe I wanted him to think I was an angry, crazy bitch, and he'd better stay away.

So I didn't say anything.

After a few minutes, he stretched his arms over his head, blinked, and said, "It's getting late, and something tells me I'm not welcome to stay for breakfast."

"I'm really tired."

He gave me a hurt look that seared my soul. Just go, I thought. Just go back to your artsy music friends and your carefree life and leave me here with nothing but bills, dirty dishes, and an angry neighbor.

As I tried to make my face stone, he put on his shoes. I came over to the doorway, aching to open my mouth and sing out my heart, but I was already stone.

He kissed my cheek goodbye and left. No promise to call. He didn't even have my number.

I closed the door slowly, so it wouldn't make a sound, then I watched him through the peephole in the door. Halfway down the hallway he stopped and turned around, like he was going to come back.

He stared at my door like he could see me, and my hand moved to the handle. We both paused, breathing in time for a second, then he turned again and continued to walk away.

The apartment felt emptier than usual that night. Bell and I didn't have much stuff-just what we'd packed into the car before heading for the border-but after Sawyer left, the white walls were large and scolding. You don't belong here, the walls said.

The tap in the kitchen dripped on the dirty dishes with a rhythmic chant. You're only temporary.

I got into the tub and filled it with water as hot as I could stand, and I still didn't feel warm all the way through.

The woman who owned the place was named Mariah, and she'd had all sorts of safety equipment installed in the bathroom for her elderly father. The building wasn't a regular apartment building, but a strata-titled condominium low-rise. The condo was in Mariah's name, and the rules didn't allow her to rent out the unit, but her elderly father had gone to a care home, and she couldn't sell the unit because it was tied up in a legal battle to do with some big construction thing that had to be done in a year or two. She could, however, have a family member stay there, so I paid her cash as her "sister," and she'd forged some documents.

Stupid rules.

Rules are supposed to make things better for people, to bring a little fairness to life. Bell and I were quiet tenants-a hell of a lot better than some of the kids who regularly had parties in condos their parents owned. They threw cigarette butts and bottles down onto the lawn, and had friends who vomited in the elevator. And those people were in no danger of being thrown out, because they were family members of owners. Inside the rules.

It wasn't fair.

The water cooled off, so I drained more out and turned on the hot full-blast with my foot.

What was I going to say to Sawyer? Assuming I ever saw him again.

Even though my heart was aching with the memory of him walking away, just a second of thinking about his kisses flooded my senses with an unfamiliar warmth. The pleasure of a real man, flesh and bone, was so much bigger than the pleasure of imagination.

I shouldn't have gotten so f**king pissed at him. He didn't know how precarious my situation was with the illegal rental agreement. Bruce knew, and he said it wasn't a big deal-that everyone did stuff like that and it wasn't hurting anyone. Bruce said the world wouldn't be a better place if the apartment sat empty, so I shouldn't feel bad. I didn't feel bad, though.

Memories of my mother's boyfriend Derek came back. My hatred for him didn't seem as overpowering tonight. Maybe Derek's lessons about taking what you want in life without apology had actually sunk in and earned him some respect.

A little too late.

I inhaled sharply at that thought, and slipped under the water. I opened my eyes under the water and stared up at the metal handholds through the haze. The soap stung my eyes. I wished I was a mermaid, and that I could stay under there in the warm silence forever and ever.

I'm sitting at the edge of the blood, next to the body. I can't look at the body, so I look at the blood. I can't tell if it's still moving, flowing toward me, or if it's stopped. The floor is linoleum peel-and-stick tiles that my mother and I put in a year ago, as a surprise. I picked the tiles. They're gray and if you don't look too closely, they could be something fancy, like real stone.

We started trying to pull off the old tiles, to do the job properly, but only a few were loose and the other ones tore when we tried to remove them, so we ended up pasting them back down and putting the new ones over top the old, lining up the seams.

The blood has run down between the seams and traveled further, so in some parts, it looks like the floor itself is bleeding, like a river is coming up from Hell.

I know I'm smart, because my teachers at school always tell me I am. I can think my way through this. I just need time to think.

The kitchen smells like raw hamburger. It's hard to believe this blood seeping up from Hell is anything like the bit of pink stuff that's left on the white plastic container after you dump out the ground beef.

I keep rubbing my hands on a dish towel. I can't feel anything, and my hands don't look like my own. My nail polish is chipped.

I pull my shirt up over my nose, so the smell of blood in the room is covered by the baby-powder scent of my antiperspirant.

Something creaks. The floorboards. Down the hall.

I jump up and look for something to protect myself with. I lean over the blood and the body to grab the other knife, the one still in the wood holder by the sink. This knife is shorter, but clean.

The floor and walls creak again. I'm not alone.

Something's moving in the kitchen too, splashing. I look down and see that I've lost bladder control, down my leg under my skirt. I'm so scared, and then I hear another creak, and I just can't be scared anymore.

I clutch the knife tightly in my hand and imagine my arms strong and sure.

Today is not the day I die.

Saturday morning, I woke up thinking I had fallen asleep driving. My heart was thumping, my breath short, and even though I saw my sunny room around me, I felt the impact of a crash. I'd never been in a bad car accident before, but my body knew the terror.

I rubbed my arms and hummed a kid's song Bell liked me to sing when she had bad dreams.

When I got up and found her room empty, even though I knew she was safe at her grandmother's, I felt a tremor of panic at seeing her little bed, still made.

I got some cereal for breakfast and ate standing over the sink, then I washed all the dishes and walked around the apartment with the spray cleaner and a rag. I stopped at the kitchen table and got down on my knees to look across it. On the shiny wood table, I could see what looked like a full-body smudge from my bare back, complete with a stripe from the band of my cotton bra. There were full hand prints on either side, from Sawyer's hands.

Smiling at the memory, I spritzed the table and wiped away the evidence. Thinking about Sawyer kissing me, touching my body, made me feel bad and good at the same time. He didn't want me-couldn't want me. Guys as young as him, as cute as him, didn't go dating single moms. And, for all intents and purposes, I was a single mom, even though I didn't feel like one. We'd had our fun and now he was probably trying to get as far away from the crazy bitch as possible.

Good.

The only person a girl can count on is herself, anyway.

After cleaning up the apartment, I went to my grandmother's to pick up Bell.

As soon as I walked in the door of their tidy bungalow, my grandfather called me over to the television room.

Grandpa Jack was in a bright mood, his amber-brown eyes twinkling. He and Bruce had the same color eyes. I hadn't grown up around very many people who were related to me by blood, so it amused me to spot all of our similarities and differences. My grandmother reminded me of my mother, from the shape of her face to the pitch of her voice. Many of the things she said sounded like questions, even if they weren't questions. Her voice rose at the end of every statement, as if she was constantly waiting for reassurance from someone.

"Look!" He pressed a button on the remote control, and the screen turned to picture within picture, a small image from a news channel in the lower right corner while the main screen showed a golf tournament.

He pressed the button again and the images reversed. He threw his hands wide to share his amazement with me. "Magic," he said.

My grandmother came into the room. "We've had that TV for fifteen years and he just found that feature today." She smiled at him, and I could tell by her expression that things were going well today. With his Parkinson's, he'd been back and forth a number of times, his old self for a while, and then the personality my grandmother called Blank Man.

I'd first met him when he was returning from Blank Man, taking a new pill that had originally been developed for patients with Alzheimer's. The medication agreed with his chemistry, and I'd noticed him having more personality each time I saw him. I didn't know how the magic of the medicine worked, but I was glad it did, or I wouldn't have gotten to know him.

Bell came running in to greet me, her arms raised for me to pick her up.

"No, kid, you're too heavy," I said.

"But you neeeeeever pick me up anymoooooore," she whined.

With a sigh, I got down on one knee, offering her my back. "Saddle up, banana breath."

She jumped on me and exhaled audibly in my face.

"Wow," I said. "Banana and peanut butter."

My grandmother had her camera out, and was already taking our picture.

Warily, I said, "These aren't going on the internet, are they?"

She dismissed this idea with a wave of her hand. "Don't worry, I only upload the flattering ones." She smiled as she reviewed the photos on her camera and then held the display up for Bell to see.

"I'd rather you didn't upload photos," I said.

My grandmother and Bruce knew whose daughter Bell was, and that I didn't have legal custody of her, but they didn't seem that concerned about people finding out.

She said, "It's just a few of my old friends, ones who've moved away. I call you both my little darlings. It's always little darlings, so I don't get mixed up."

"You're supposed to say granddaughter and great-granddaughter." Bell was still on my back, and she was combing through my hair with hands that seemed sticky, tugging at strands.

My grandmother's lightly-wrinkled face became more wrinkled with a pained expression. "I don't like to lie."

I wanted to tell her I didn't like to lie, that nobody liked to lie, yet sometimes you had to, but I bit my words against my tongue. She'd done so much for us already, and all she wanted in return was our love.

She said, "What's wrong? You look sad."

"I'm fine." I adjusted my arms and hoisted Bell a little higher on my back.

"Let's get that lunch on," she said, nodding toward and then walking into the kitchen.

Grandma and Grandpa Jack's kitchen was the best part of their house, or any house I'd been to. The jar on the counter always held home-made cookies, and the cupboards had more food than some convenience stores. She had one tall cupboard that was on wheels and pulled out to reveal a dazzling stack of boxed food-most of it labeled President's Choice, the store-brand stuff from my grandmother's favorite store, Real Canadian Superstore. She went there two or three times a week, and had started buying clothes and other household things for me and Bell. The two-wheeled grocery cart had only been the beginning. I tried to pay her back, but she'd always say she lost the receipt and couldn't remember how much, or that they'd been part of a two-for-one deal, so she didn't technically pay anything for the socks she gave us, just the ones for herself. She didn't have any problem with those sorts of lies, and I was grateful.

Compared to how I'd grown up and been living the last few years, my grandparents seemed wealthy. It took a while getting to know them to find out they didn't have much beyond their one car and the food in the cupboards. When Jack first got sick, he had to retire seven years earlier than they'd planned for.

My main plan was to not be a burden on any of them. Eventually, I wanted to repay them and help support them when they needed it. I didn't know how yet, but I hoped something would come along. As we ate lunch together that afternoon, I noticed Grandpa Jack seemed a little fuzzy, and the spoon full of soup kept missing his mouth. I silently prayed that he wasn't getting worse, because then my grandmother would be too busy to help babysit Bell. I felt terrible for being so selfish.

Bell and I did our usual Saturday things, including a walk to the park with the good swings. I brought my cell phone with me everywhere, just in case Sawyer called. I was of two minds. I wanted him to stay away and leave me be, without his trouble and heartbreak, but I also kept eagerly checking the display for missed calls.

On Sunday, at Bell's insistence, I phoned Natalie, or as Bell called her, Taylor's Mom.

When she answered the phone, I said, "Hello, Taylor's Mom. This is Bell's Mom."

She thought it was the funniest thing, and seemed happy to hear from me, which was a relief. She invited us to come for a play date and dinner on Monday, after school. I only had three shifts scheduled at the bar that week, and Monday wasn't one of them, so I accepted.

We made plans for her to pick us all up at the girls' school.

Monday.

Sawyer still hadn't called. I wondered what he was doing. By now I was furious he hadn't called, imagining him saying sweet things to some new girl.

Maybe he'd been looking for me at the bar.

On the way to Bell's school to meet the girls, I stopped by the bar, using the excuse that I was picking up my paycheck.

Sawyer wasn't there, and the waitress on shift was the surly one who didn't like me much.

I got my check, then signed the back and Bruce cashed it for me, using funds from the register.

"You need to get your bank account set up," Bruce said, frowning from within his dark beard as he counted out the money.

"Right," I said. "Is there a particular bank you'd recommend?"

He eyed me suspiciously. "The one across the street from here would probably be convenient. The one I send you to sometimes to get change. Perhaps you remember from one of the dozen times you've gone in? There's a big counter, and a bunch of bank tellers with bank-teller haircuts, and piles of money. Just big ol' piles of money everywhere."

"Right."

"And I need a photocopy of your social insurance number. Not for me, but for the accountant."

I looked around for a reason to change the topic. I didn't actually have a social insurance number, though I'd been born in Canada and just had to apply for one. Of course, once I put my name and current address into a computerized system, it would only be a matter of time before my past caught up to me.

The big-screens in the bar caught my eye and gave me an idea for changing the topic.

I said, "Your father found the picture-in-picture function on the TV."

"Good for him." He kept frowning. "Hey, so what's happening with you and Sawyer?"

I shrugged.

"He asked for your phone number, but I told him I'd check with you first."

A lump rose in my throat, and I swallowed it down. "He did? I guess you could give him my number."

Bruce nodded. "I may have already given it to him yesterday. We were hitting the vodka pretty hard."

"Uncle Bruce, I'm starting to think you don't even drink."

He grinned. "That's what some people choose to believe."

"Thanks for the check," I said, splitting the cash evenly between my two pockets.

"Off to get Annabell? What do you girls have planned for tonight?"

"Oh, we have a play date."

"How very normal," he said, nodding appreciatively.

I thanked him again for cashing my check, and got going so I wasn't late to meet Natalie at the school.

Going to her house empty-handed seemed rude, so I stopped at a convenience store to buy her flowers. I spent about ten minutes agonizing over what to get. And why hadn't Sawyer called? Did he lose my number immediately after getting it? Fuck.

Finally, I picked out an orchid. It looked fancy, but wasn't much more to buy than the little pot of tea roses I'd been considering. Would Natalie think I was stupid? Probably. Whatever. Natalie was cool.

Why did I always argue with myself? It made even the simplest decisions that much harder.

I paid for the orchid, careful to pull only one bill from my pocket, and not to take out the wad of cash and peel one off. That was something big, muscular guys did. You didn't flash your money if you were a woman, even if the tiny old man behind the store counter was almost as scared of you as you were of him.

Chapter Fourteen

I was running and out of breath when I finally got to the front door of the school. Natalie was there already, and Bell was sitting on the step, tying her shoelaces as Taylor watched.

Taylor said, "Your shoes have way too many holes in them. You should wear different ones."

Bell said, "But I like these ones! They're just how I like them, and we're saving up for Disneyland."

Natalie gave me an exaggerated curious look, raising her thin blond eyebrows high above her funky plastic glasses. "Planning a trip this summer?"

"Maybe not this summer."

She winked at me. "Gotcha."

Bell finished tying her shoes, and we walked together along the front of the school to find their vehicle, which was a large SUV. Why was I not surprised?

We got the girls into the back seat together, and before Natalie walked around to her side, she stopped by me and said, "Listen, how about I start hyping something a little closer to home. We can get her switched off Disneyland. Did you know there's a zoo out in Abbotsford? Oh, and there's a water park in Tsawwassen. Oh, screw my life. What is that place called? Splashing Mountain? Something like that."

"That's really sweet of you, but I don't know if I can afford either of those."

Natalie looked sad, her forehead furrowing. She had her curly blond hair tied back in a loose braid, and she looked so mature, yet still girlish. With her little jean jacket, striped shirt, and her leather boots, she looked like a style icon compared to me, in my boring old don't-look-at-me clothes. I never bought clothes with stripes or loud patterns, because I didn't want people to notice I wore the same things week after week.

"I'll keep an eye out for coupons," she said as she walked around to her side.

As I got into her nice truck, I felt a rush of gratitude. I didn't deserve to have people being so kind to me, but I swore one day I'd make it up to everyone.

When we got to their house, I understood why Natalie had been so crushed about selling it. Except for the For Sale sign posted in the front yard, with the smiling face of a goatee-wearing real estate agent named Kewal beaming out, it was a perfect house, with a bright yellow door that smelled of fresh paint.

We got the girls set up with some after-school snacks, and they ran off to play in Taylor's room.

"They grow up too fast," Natalie said. "Everyone says it, but it's true. I do look forward to her being a teenager. I have this daydream of us sharing clothes, like I did growing up with my big sister."

"That sounds nice."

"How's Bell fitting in with the new school and all the changes? I heard she was so quiet the first few weeks at school. During recess, she'd hide in a corner with her nose facing the school. I guess she thought if she couldn't see them, they couldn't see her."

"Who told you that?" I used my thumb to pick up some loose crumbs on Natalie's nice granite counter. Nobody had mentioned Bell was hiding during recess. My heart broke for her, and I felt awful that I had no idea. I should have stopped in more often.

"Oh, I get full reports from Taylor," Natalie said. "She'll be a reporter when she grows up. That day Bell got upset and threw up on herself, that was the story of the century."

"That wasn't very funny."

Natalie looked aghast. "No, I didn't mean that it was funny. Taylor told me, and she was very sorry she'd taken the game, and wanted to make it up to Bell. I think it all worked out."

"You're kidding. That was Taylor, and now they're the best of friends?"

Natalie ushered me toward the living room. "That's girls for you."

We sat in the living room, using the ample-sized coffee table to hold a plate of the same squares we'd given the girls, plus sweet tea that Natalie called iced tea, though it was already sweetened.

Natalie continued, "That's how it is with girls. Don't you remember? All those dramatic fights with your girlfriends? Especially in high school?"

"I guess I was more of a loner. We lived outside of town a fair ways, so I took the bus home and didn't get into much with the other girls." The other girls being the ones who called me trailer trash.

"How about boyfriends?"

I helped myself to a square and some tea. "Hey, did you have an open house or something over the weekend? For selling the place? How did that go?"

"Fine. We got an offer. They're doing an inspection this week, then they'll remove subjects."

"Do you mean you're in escrow?"

She laughed. "You're so American. We don't call it that." She pulled at her braid, removing the elastic band then finger-combing out her curly blond hair. "What about now?" she asked. "You don't have a man living with you, but you wear that ring, so how are you supposed to find a boyfriend?"

"I don't want a boyfriend." Especially if he didn't call.

She looked me up and down, an amused look on her face. "No boyfriend, so... girlfriend?"

"No, not like that. I just mean... I don't want some guy around, making things confusing for Bell. I grew up with a... well, he wasn't a stepfather, because there was nothing official, but ..." My throat got tight, cutting off my voice. I never could talk about Derek with people, not even back when we were all living together.

"So don't pick a shitty one," she said, as if it was that simple. "Life is hard Aubrey, but it's even harder if you pick that narrow martyr path and insist on doing everything your own damn self. Our generation of women, we were sold a pack of lies. We were told to hustle on to university right after high school. Ratchet up that student debt load. And for what? Most of us aren't even close to having the loans paid off by the time the clock starts ticking. So you work your ass off from twenty to let's say thirty-three, then it's sleepless nights with the baby crying. You're forty by the time your life gets halfway fun again, and to think, you could have just skipped the whole hard work thing and cashed in the good looks of youth back when you were twenty, to an older man with some security."

"Is that what you did?"

She grinned as her voice pitched up in a "Hell, no! Do I look that smart? Don't answer that."

I sipped my sweet tea and smiled, trying to relax on her cream-colored sofa, though the food made me nervous. How could the woman have both a seven-year-old and a white sofa?

She continued, "I was one year out of college when I got pregnant with Taylor. Word of advice? The withdrawal method is not an adequate form of birth control. But I guess you know that, of all people." She clapped her hand to her mouth. "Whoops."

"Bell was a surprise," I said, which was true. My mother saw the doctor for some indigestion and found out she was five months along. She quit smoking immediately, but that small change threw off everything. We were living with her boyfriend Terry at the time-I'm fairly certain it was Terry who gave Bell her light brown hair-and he seemed eager to be having a child, but not with my mother. They had always fought a lot, but he'd tell her to go have a cigarette to cool down, and she would. With the baby on the way, and without her five-minute tobacco meditations, the tension ratcheted up and wouldn't break.

They'd fight about anything, from the dirty flip-flops Terry wore absolutely everywhere but to work, to the way my mother would have the radio and the television going at the same time, in different rooms. Terry worked at a bank, in mortgage lending. He had a good job that supported us. With skinny shoulders and a big overbite, he wasn't any woman's idea of a dream man, but he was beautiful to me, because he welcomed me into his nice home and never made me feel like I didn't deserve a decent life.

One day, not long before the baby was born, he took me for a long drive to get ice cream. He told me that no matter what happened in the future, he thought of me as family, and I could ask him if I needed anything at all. That was when I knew things weren't going to work out for us.

My mother had the baby and we left Terry with a broken heart and the hospital bill. The last we heard from him, he was trying to get a paternity test done, but my mother wouldn't cooperate. We moved out of state, with no forwarding address, and that was the end of Terry.

Bell had skinny shoulders, like Terry, but they suited her, and she was lucky she didn't get his overbite. Poor Terry.

Now I was in another country, and as I sat on the cream sofa across from Natalie, who perched on her coordinating plum-colored chair, I realized Terry kept living his life after we left. He wasn't one of those prehistoric insects trapped in amber the moment we left. He might have gotten a new girlfriend, and perhaps Bell had some half-siblings she'd never know.

Natalie asked me a question, but I had to ask her to repeat herself.

She said, "How old were you when you got pregnant?"

I had to quickly work backwards. I'd been telling people I was twenty-five, four years older than reality, so that would have made me eighteen when I had Bell, and seventeen when I got pregnant.

"Nearly eighteen," I said. "It was scary, but her father had a good job at a bank, so we got married and had her."

"But then?"

I reached down and pulled off my lie of a wedding band. "I mostly wear this to keep guys from asking questions. The truth is, I haven't seen Bell's father in a very long time."

"Don't let me stop you from wearing that ring." She held up her left hand, wiggling her fingers. "People started giving me way more respect once I got one of these. Oh, the men completely stopped looking in that other way, but I get great service in stores." She grinned. "Another thing they don't tell you about life as a woman in our culture."

I cocked my head, that alarm in my head going off to alert me that Bell was being too quiet. What trouble was she getting into? Then I heard peals of laughter. I still couldn't let go of my tense muscles, though, and the feeling something bad was about to happen.

I used to think a lie was a one-time thing, like an egg cracked against the edge of a pan, but a lie is more like a piece of string that you have to keep tying knots in so everything doesn't come undone.

We had a big dinner at Natalie's house, and I met her husband, Dave. He ran a landscaping company, putting in lawns and trees for new housing developments. Dave had a whole lot of ideas about the real estate market, based on the things he was seeing. I found out the house we were in was the fifth one they'd owned. He mentioned some other investments that were about to pay off, and plans to buy an even better house, but I could spot the lies. His face went blank when he said things that weren't true. He practically looked dead when he said the decision to sell their current house had been Natalie's idea.

She handed me the bowl of Caesar salad and gave me a wide-eyed look to confirm that he was bluffing.

After dinner, Natalie drove us home, and she got out of the truck so she could give us both a hug goodbye. She had insisted on giving us the small television from her daughter's room, further insisting that I think of it as a loan rather than a gift, and give it back any time. I could see by the look in Bell's eyes that she'd never let it go. I cradled the television in one arm and held Bell's hand with the other.

The sun hadn't set yet, and we were bathed in a warm, golden glow. Briefly, it was one of those perfect moments, the stillness after a big meal and togetherness.

Over by the entrance to my building, the wannabe-gangster kids were hanging out, smoking what smelled like pot.

As Bell and I approached the door, they cleared out of the way and kept a respectful distance. Though he wasn't with me, I felt Sawyer's protective presence.

The kids glared at me silently. I kept expecting something bad to happen, like for them to throw something at me or try to take the little television. I kept my body between them and Bell, but nothing happened.

Back up inside the apartment, I set the television on the coffee table, and as Bell danced around, I caught my breath. My heart raced from the stairs plus my nervousness about seeing the kids.

My cell phone started ringing with a call from an unknown number. I answered, sure it was a wrong number.

"Did you just get home?"

Sawyer Jones. So he had gotten my number.

Warily, I answered, "I did just get home. Why do you ask?"

"Don't freak out, but I was riding past your building to see if those little shitheads were hanging around the front door. I know your place isn't on the way to my house, so I'm not going to lie. I was driving by... because I just was."

I went to the window and looked out. Our unit was on the corner, and one side looked down onto the front street. "I see you."

He waved up at me, leaning against his bike, his helmet taken off. "Now I know what apartment you're in. I got turned around last time I was here, and wasn't sure if you were in that one on the corner. Now I'm going to have to drive by accidentally-on-purpose and see if your light is on or not. Do you think that qualifies as stalking?"

I leaned my forehead against the glass, wishing I could see the expression on his face, but he was too far away. "I don't mind if you check in on me a bit."

"I think I saw your daughter. Was that you just now, with a television in your arms?"

"That was us. I made a friend through Bell. Well, she made a friend, and I met her mother, and they loaned us a television."

"Friends are good. Am I your friend?"

I didn't know how to answer that-didn't like that he was asking-so I said nothing.

The phone beeped to warn me the battery was low, then Sawyer said, "I wish you could come down, so we could go for a ride."

"Gotta give the kid her bath and get her ready for bed, but she's already got the TV plugged in, so... good luck to me with that."

"What's the bath thing all about, anyway? Why don't little kids have showers in the morning before school, like regular people?"

"It calms them down before bed. You should try it sometime."

He ran his hand over his hair, turned to look behind him, then back up at me in the window. "I already know what calms me down before bed."

The sexy gravel in his voice sent a shiver through me.

My phone beeped again, its final warning. "My battery's about to die."

"So, are you going to invite me up or not?"

"Not tonight," I said.

I didn't get his last words, because the phone completely shut down.

Down below on the street, Sawyer shook his phone and jokingly pretended to throw it away, across the road into the trees. Then he stood still and stared up at me. I waved goodbye. He gave me a quick wave, then put on his helmet and disappeared into the night.

I stood at the window for a long time, even though Bell was squealing for my attention. Why hadn't I asked him to come up? Then he'd be inside the apartment with me, and not red taillights streaking away under an orange sky.

My chest ached with loss. If he'd called me from his house, it wouldn't have been so sad, but he'd been right here, and now he wasn't.

Bell probably wouldn't have minded him coming up. She was outgoing, and every new grown-up was just a friend she hadn't met. She was more cautious around kids her age, but now she had a friend in Taylor. Taylor seemed like a normal, sweet kid, and I could imagine the two of them being friends for life.

What would that feel like, to have a best friend? Natalie had opened up to me so quickly, as though she'd never been let down before-as if the simple willingness to become friends was all it took.

Natalie wouldn't want to be friends with me if she knew I snooped in her medicine cabinet when we were at dinner, or that I'd stole from her jar of expensive-looking eye treatment. It was the stuff that came in individual gelatin capsules. I hadn't put it under my eyes, but stood at her sink and squeezed a gold capsule between my fingers. Gently first, and then harder. I squeezed until the capsule burst open, and then I washed the gel away under the hot water, until nothing was left.

Why had I done something like this? I couldn't explain it. When I was not much older than Bell, something happened while grocery shopping with my mother. One day after my mother had yelled at me about something, an idea came to me from nowhere. It was a familiar-feeling idea, whispering in my ear like something I'd always known. I wandered off from her and found the cleaning products aisle, and then I found a nice row, six across, of plastic bleach bottles. The bottles were blue, and the label had a rainbow that made me angry. My mother had called me bad names, and I felt myself being the things she said I was. One by one, I unscrewed the caps on the bleach bottles and removed the protective seals, then put the caps back on, tight enough that the caps wouldn't fall off, but loose enough that the contents would leak if they tipped over.

There was a darkness inside me, a destructive force. My mother could see it, which was why she hated me. This darkness convinced me that if someone picked up a bottle of bleach and spilled some on their clothes, it would be fair. That bad things only happened to people who deserved what they got.

I was in bed that night, treading water near that waterfall edge of sleep, when my cell phone beeped with an incoming text message.

Ever since I'd gotten the phone, I'd had more wrong numbers than right, so I rolled out of bed with a groan, because the phone would just keep beeping until I checked or it died.

The text was from Sawyer, and read: How was bath time?

Me: A few tears. Shampoo in the eyes.

Sawyer: That's always my excuse when I cry.

I grinned at his text and jumped back into bed, cradling the phone in my hand. I had never understood why people enjoyed texting so much, but as I read Sawyer's joke, I imagined his voice and face a bunch of different ways, from serious to corny.

Me: :-)

Sawyer: Holy shitballs! Are you saying I made you smile?

Me: It wasn't quite LOL but close.

Sawyer: I have the whole day off tomorrow.

Me: ...

Sawyer: And I talked to Bruce so of course I know you have the day off. What I am trying to say is we should go to the beach and make sand castles.

I set the phone down and pushed it away from me. I lay back, facing the ceiling in the dark, ignoring my phone as it beeped again. We'd had two sorta-dates already, and they hadn't gone so well. The first time, he'd tried to kiss me, and then he'd gone cold when I didn't let him. The second time, we'd nearly had full-on sex, but then got into that argument over my neighbor kid. Things were definitely headed somewhere, and it promised to be dramatic.

The phone beeped again, so I grabbed it.

Sawyer: Hellooooo?

Sawyer: Battery died again?

Sawyer: I'll just swing by and pick you up at ten tomorrow morning.

The phone beeped again in my hand, and I made a startled noise.

Sawyer: I'll be there at ten, so just text me and say yes.

Me: Yes. Ten sounds fine.

Sawyer: Good. I hate it when you ask out a cute girl and she makes some dumb excuse instead of just telling you you're despicable.

Me: I'm in bed.

Sawyer: Well, that escalated quickly! We're already in the sexting phase?

Me: I'm tired so I'm going to sleep.

Sawyer: In that case I just deleted some really weird stuff I'm glad I didn't send.

Me: See you at ten.

I turned the phone off without waiting for a response, and then I took it back into the living room and jabbed in the charger.

In the morning, all it took was one cough from Bell to make me feel like shit.

She coughed as we were putting on her coveralls-the ones she was a little big for, but insisted on wearing because "Nemo had to go to school." The fish applique on the coveralls bib looked nothing like Nemo-it was green, and looked more like a whale than a fish-but you can't argue with kid logic.

After she coughed, I tried to decide if it had sounded dry, or like the beginning of a cold. Winter was over, but I knew colds and flus could happen any time. Should I keep her home from school? The school had a policy of sending contagiously sick kids home, so they didn't spread their germs to everyone.

I had a date with Sawyer that day, so more than usual, I really didn't want her to be sick. Selfish me. She didn't cough again, but she seemed to be moving groggily, hesitating.

Finally, I sat down across from her as she slowly ate her cereal.

"Bell, is something wrong? Do you feel sick? I should take your temperature."

She gave me a new kind of look, one I didn't recognize.

"I think I'm sick."

"What kind of sick? Is it your tummy? Or do you have a cold?"

She gave me the look again, and then coughed, into her elbow like they'd taught her at school.

The cough seemed very deliberate. Exaggerated, and not sounding of phlegm.

Her eyes kept darting over to the side, and I turned my head to follow her gaze. The new television set.

She said, "If you're sick, you don't go to school."

"And are you sick?"

She bit her lower lip with concentration and nodded.

I sighed. "You can stay home with me, I guess. There won't be any television, though, because I need some help with laundry and a whole bunch of things. That's what I do when you're at school."

"I can't watch TV?"

"Nope. TV is not good for you when you're sick." Oh, the lies we tell the children, to counter their lies.

Her little rosebud lips scrunched together, her face revealing her internal struggle.

I considered launching into a lecture about lying to me about being sick, but my own lie still hung in the air over us.

She glared up at me, her little blue eyes blazing with something. Was she onto me, and all the lies I'd told her over the last three years?

I said soothingly, "Your friend Taylor would miss you if you didn't go to school today."

"Okay."

"Okay... you don't care, or okay, you're going to school?"

She coughed again, watching me sidelong as she did.

"All done." She held her hands up. "Not sick anymore."

"Great," I said, though I didn't feel that great. As she'd been testing my gullibility, I'd heard those whispering voices telling me I chose this.

I chose this, and chose wrong.

The whispers said I would have been better off on my own. I should have dropped Bell off at the police station with a note, and gone on my way. But I couldn't have, because she was only four, and I'd grown to love her over those years. She needed me as much as I needed her.

I should have run away when we first moved in with Derek, when she was still too tiny to have much personality. But even then, her tiny fists had grabbed hold of my heart. If I'd made myself cold and disappeared, everything would have been different, and I'd be on my own now.

And then I had the darker thought. That everything would have been better if she'd never existed. Maybe I'd be at college right now. Maybe if I hadn't been up late getting her bottle and soothing her, I would have gotten better grades in school and earned a scholarship.

I bowed my head from the shame of these thoughts, looking up only when she banged her spoon on the table and declared that she was done.

Squirming on her chair, she kicked her feet against my knees until I looked up again.

She caught my gaze and pointed to the green fish on her coveralls.

"Nemo!" she cried. "I found him!" At times, Bell acted much older and more mature than her seven years, but I enjoyed these times where she regressed to baby talk.

She laughed, her pink tongue poking out between her two front teeth, the way it always did when she was being silly.

I had so much love for her that sometimes it flooded me, and I heard this love in my mind, fierce like the roar of a lion. If anything happened to her, or if I let her down, I'd never forgive myself. My grief would suffocate me, and I would deserve to die.

"Blub blub," she said, flicking the fish applique.

"Blub blub, let's get you off to school."

Chapter Fifteen

SAWYER JONES

Aubrey had been telling me, in her own way, to keep my distance. But then, just when I was about to back off, she invited me in.

She stood three steps up from me, on those stairs with their dark blue carpets, and said, "There is no husband."

I honestly thought we were going up to her place for another beer, or to talk about what she'd meant.

Not many of my friends were married, but of the ones that were, all the women wore two rings: the engagement ring, with the diamond, and the wedding band that fit alongside it. Something about Aubrey's plain gold band had never seemed right to me. No way would any man on this planet, no matter how broke he was, not give a woman that beautiful something equally pretty to show off to her friends.

I'd actually had this crazy thought that maybe she was in a religious cult, and they were all married to their cult leader or something. That happened in a movie I'd just watched, so it was fresh in my mind. I didn't really believe it, but I knew something was weird about her situation.

I followed her up the stairs to her apartment. My roommate Spanky wasn't wrong about her having a nice ass. I tried to keep my thoughts under control, but my blood was still racing from dealing with those little shitheads by the front door. I'd wanted to use the one kid as a bowling ball and knock the other ones down-bang their heads together until some manners came tumbling out. Little f**kers like that didn't understand reasoning and talking things out. That's what their mothers had been using on them for years, for all the good it did.

If somebody has no sense, you have to smack it into them. That's just how it is.

Once Aubrey and I got inside the apartment, she looked at me with those pale eyes, and I felt the pull of the moon. The force was stronger than ever, drawing us together.

She let me kiss her, and her sweet lips made me hungry. I stopped thinking. All instinct and desire. Her neck. My mouth on her br**sts. Her writhing underneath me. Pushing against me and pulling me to her at the same time. So much confusion and desperation. Up was down, and she let out that sweet cry of relief.

Orgasm.

The little death, as the French call it.

As she came underneath me, my hand deep in her panties, I felt a peace I didn't think possible.

Then someone had knocked on the door, and everything went to shit within minutes.

Total shit show.

I opened my stupid mouth. She heard the things I said. The arrogance. The hubris. And she was not buying whatever I had for sale. Out I went, out the door.

Bad doggie.

Bad Sawyer.

As I trudged down the building's long corridor, each door giving off its own pungent cooking aroma, I tried to believe I hadn't ruined everything between us.

My heart lurched as I imagined I heard her calling me back, but I looked back and saw only walls and closed doors. Only then did I realize she was one of those girls who needs space. Not space forever, but in the beginning. Space all around her. Like the sky around the moon.

That was on Friday, and I would have called, but I didn't have her number.

Over the weekend, I consulted a few of my non-roommate friends, who were much smarter than me, and suggested I call her. On the phone. So I got her number from Bruce, and I did.

Talking to her on the phone made me happy.

But she had a kid, and that scared the f**k out of me. The girl had golden-brown hair and looked full of hope, like the way I imagined Aubrey had looked, once upon a time, before whatever it was happened that stole away her smile.

The little girl looked about the same size as my nephew Toby, and I always had such a great time with the kid. He didn't understand the concept of coloring within the lines, but he had a good eye for composition.

If Aubrey's kid was anything like Toby, I could handle that situation. I would more than tolerate a kid. I could help out, maybe even adopt the kid one day if Aubrey and I got married.

Or at least that was my line of thinking the morning I rode over to pick her up for our trip to the beach. Aubrey wasn't a big talker from what I could tell, but if she did put me on the spot and ask about my level of commitment, I was ready to answer honestly. I was all in. Hers.

The night I called from outside her building, riding away had been so awful, like abandoning the best feeling I'd ever known.

Tuesday.

I pulled up in front of her apartment building at five minutes to ten on Tuesday morning. It was early for me, since I worked nights at a restaurant and even later nights on my art. The top of my head felt tight, like it was being gathered into a knot. Time and sunshine would help loosen me up, and the summer day promised to be a hot one.

Was she expecting me to text when I got there? I squinted up at the corner apartment, and she appeared in the window. I waved up, and she made a hand gesture I took to mean she was coming down.

I sat on my bike and waited. Had she meant for me to come up? I didn't know her buzzer number. Should I send a text and ask? No, she'd think I was an idiot. My mouth felt dry and fuzzy, which was odd, since I'd had nothing to drink the night before.

Aubrey came out of the glass doors, sunglasses on and her mouth in that perpetual straight line, neither up nor down.

Her feet crunched on the gravel as she got closer to me.

Over the sound of the gravel, and traffic and birds in the distance, I said, "How's your little girl?"

She ducked her head and looped her purse across her body in preparation for putting on the bike helmet. "Good." She licked her lips, looking like she wanted to say something further.

I wanted to fish it out of her, but waited instead.

She continued, "I think she tried to pull a big fib on me this morning. She was going to fake being sick, to stay home and watch her new TV."

"We could have taken her with us to the beach."

She raised her eyebrows and looked pointedly at the bike. "Yeah, I don't think so."

Suddenly I saw my choice of transportation as being the exact opposite of what a single mother would find appealing. My beautiful Harley, my shining joy, turned foolish, just like that.

I had to fix this.

"I'm going to sell the bike now that summer's just about here." Really? Sell the bike? This nervous Sawyer didn't think about what he said.

She grimaced and pulled on the helmet. "Why?"

"You get a better price for bikes at the beginning of summer."

"No, I mean why are you selling it?"

I thought about my vow to give Aubrey some space, not to come on too strong. Aw, f**k it. I hated lying.

"Because I'm dating a single mother. And I want to be able to take her and her kid to do things. Like mini golf. Does your daughter like mini golf? What about you?"

I grinned at the idea of Aubrey trying to putt a ball between the rotating blades of a miniature windmill. I would seriously pay to see that.

She shot me one of her Aubrey looks, like a splash of cold water, and I felt like one of those little dogs who runs at the ocean, nipping at the waves.

I started the bike and she got on behind me. Selling the bike would mean no more of her sitting behind me, clutching her arms around my body. I would miss that, but I'd rather be kissing her, and more.

We drove through light traffic-light because it was a Tuesday morning-and I felt like we were in a TV commercial for something, because the weather was so clear and sunny and we caught nearly every green light along the way.

We hit White Rock way sooner than I expected, and I reluctantly parked and let her off the bike. Her arms felt so good around me, like all the goodness in the world wrapped around my torso.

"You warm in there?" I asked. She had on a red hoodie, zipped up, and I realized that with the wind, she'd probably been cold on the ride. I'd been hot, and I should have offered her my leather jacket for the ride.

She said, "I'm fine."

"Then why are your shoulders up around your ears?"

She uncrossed her arms and dropped her shoulders back down, pretending she wasn't cold, but I already had my jacket off and was sweeping it around behind her. She let me drop it onto her shoulders, and I seized my opportunity to snare her with my coat, pulling her in close to me.

Awesome move, Sawyer.

I stared down at her lips and leaned in closer.

She turned her head to the side, as if suddenly very interested in people walking their dogs nearby.

Her ear was so close, and I planned to bite her earlobe if she wouldn't kiss me. I hesitated, and she wriggled back and the edges of the jacket slipped out of my hands.

She slipped out of my hands.

Next time, I'd hold on tighter.

She ran one hand back through her wavy brown hair and flipped her hair out over the collar of my so-big-on-her leather jacket, shooting me a look as if to say, try again later.

I noticed her left hand was bare. No ring.

"I see your divorce went through," I said.

She frowned and stuck her hands in her pants pockets.

We were walking along the sand now. I had my boots on, so the sand wasn't a problem, but it was probably getting into her shoes. Aubrey wasn't grumbling at all. My ex-girlfriend Janine would have been complaining her face off with this amount of sand.

Aubrey didn't complain. She didn't seem to notice minor problems.

I asked her, "Am I doing anything right?"

She glanced over at the ocean, then up at me.

"This is nice," she said. "I'm glad you invited me out."

"Really?"

She frowned at the horizon, her lips in that tight, straight line again.

I wished she'd give me some sign of encouragement. Should I even bother trying to win her over?

We continued walking, she with her hands pushed down in her pockets.

I got distracted by some dogs on leashes barking as they passed each other.

Aubrey wasn't giving me anything to work with, so maybe she didn't like me at all.

I had to move on, get over it. If Aubrey and I weren't going to happen, it was better to know early.

Something touched my hand.

She didn't look at me, but she slipped her hand inside mine.

Chapter Sixteen

AUBREY

Holding a guy's hand wouldn't seem like such a big deal to most girls, but to me, it was. Sawyer was so cute about the whole thing, occasionally switching my hand to his other hand and walking backwards alongside me as he dried off his palm on his jeans, then turning back and putting my hand into his freshly-dried palm.

We walked by the water for a ways.

I'd worn my bikini under my clothes, in case we wanted to tan for a bit. The sky was blue and cloudless, the sun getting warmer by the minute. Taking off my clothes and feeling the breeze on my damp skin would feel amazing.

Sawyer squeezed my hand. "Shall we shop for a bit, then work on our tans?"

"Perfect."

We crossed over the road and visited the little gift shops along the strip. I found a bean-bag frog that I thought Bell would love. We didn't have much extra money, but we had a little, and the frog would be less than ten dollars with taxes.

As I was paying for it, Sawyer said, "Be honest, that frog's for you."

"It's purple. Bell loves purple animals."

"Yeah, but the frog is your totem animal."

Right. The drawing.

"I'm not getting a frog tattoo," I said.

"Not today, no."

"Not ever."

"I'll have to get myself a frog tattoo on your behalf, then." He held open the door and we walked out of the shop, back into the sun.

I sneezed in the bright light, then said to Sawyer, "Sure, get one for me. Get a frog tattoo right on your ass."

He made a shocked face. "You swore."

"Surprise. I'm just a regular person. I swear sometimes."

We were standing outside the shop, and he reached for my hands. I had the stuffed frog limply in one, and Sawyer's long hand fit easily around it. He pulled me into him, and I had no choice but to stare up into his gorgeous, sea-green eyes and let him kiss me.

His lips pressed against mine, pulling feelings from me. Desire. Aching. Wanting.

I parted my lips and our tongues touched as I pushed up onto my tiptoes to bring myself closer. He pulled my arms so that they were wrapped around him, and once I was latched on, he moved his hands to my face. His fingers touched below my ears, then feathered through my hair to the base of my neck.

My body went limp, and I was floating, held up by Sawyer's fingers, his mouth electric against mine.

He moaned, low and barely audible, and the vibration of his voice shook into my spine. My body pulled to his, my h*ps seeking his.

With another groan, this one the kind you make when you don't want to do something, he pulled away from me, away from our kiss.

He looked from side to side at the people passing by on the sidewalk. Nobody seemed to care about two people kissing, but I blushed and looked down, certain that people could guess how turned-on I was right then.

My apartment was so far away, but we could go there. I could kiss Sawyer some more, and we wouldn't have to stop. I stuck my hands in my pockets and sucked in air between my teeth to help me straighten my thoughts. Going back to my place was a terrible idea, because what if I couldn't get him back out again? What if he wanted to come with me to pick up Bell after school, and meet her? Right now? Before I'd even considered how I would introduce him?

No, my place was out.

He nodded for us to continue down the street, inviting me to scope out where I wanted to get lunch.

I followed along, looking around in the few clothing shops along the street. I didn't shop much for recreation, unlike some girls my age. I didn't even have a credit card, much less the money to pay for unnecessary things like earrings and fancy, leather-colored journals. Sawyer bought himself a journal, not even blinking at the price.

We had lunch at a fish and chips place, where we had malt vinegar on the fries again. I was starting to like my fries that way. With vinegar. And with Sawyer sitting across from me, our knees touching underneath the table.

By now the sun was at full power outside, and when we went back out again, neither of us wanted to wear our jackets, so we slung them over our arms.

Sawyer took my hand and walked us across the street again, toward the beach. "Did you wear your swimsuit under there?"

"I did, but I don't think it's warm enough to go into the water."

"Probably not, but I am thinking about getting your clothes off."

How did he do that? Just say those flirty things, so matter-of-fact?

We found a stretch of clear, golden sand, where he dropped his leather jacket and whipped off his T-shirt.

He said, "I didn't bring a towel, but you can sit on my shirt, m'lady."

I zipped open my purse and pulled out the small towel I'd brought, just in case we went in the water.

His eyes went wide. "You are so much smarter than me."

I tried not to stare at his lips and think about kissing him again. "Having a kid makes you prepare before you leave the house."

"I have a lot to learn." He tugged off his boots and socks, and then wriggled out of his jeans. He flopped back on the sand with his hands behind his head, his muscular arms folded.

The tattoos on his arms wrapped all the way around, and gave him the appearance of wearing more clothes than he was.

I slipped off my shirt and pants, wondering as I always did when I stripped down to my swimwear, how was it that you were considered dressed in a bikini, but not in your underwear, which covered the same areas?

I lay back on Sawyer's shirt, the coolness of the sea breeze caressing my skin.

Sawyer rolled toward me, propping himself up on one elbow, his body blocking the sun from my face.

"This is the perfect day," he said.

I nodded in agreement. I didn't like to notice when things were good, for fear noticing would jinx everything. When my mother and Terry brought home the crib for the new baby, we'd celebrated with a big dinner-celebrated becoming a bigger family. I thought that was a perfect day, but it didn't last.

I would prefer every day felt the same, rather than feel the excitement of something good and have to worry about it being taken away.

Sawyer reached down and pulled my sunglasses off my face. "You have the prettiest eyes. Are they green, or blue, or gray?"

"They're whatever you want them to be."

"Your eyes make me think of the moon."

His face was in shadows, but I knew his eyes. "Yours remind me of the ocean. The bottom of the ocean."

"What, like dirt and rocks?"

"No, like sea life. Like your tattoos."

He leaned down and gave me one perfect kiss, then pulled away.

"Should we be those people?" he asked.

"What people?"

"The ones rolling around groping each other on the beach like there's no one around."

I whispered, "No," even though I desperately wanted him to kiss me again and again.

He moved his free hand to rest upon my stomach, just below my navel. I quivered under his touch.

He murmured, "You cold?"

"Nope."

He looked down at my body as he moved his hand up, tracing a line along my abdomen.

He said, "Your skin feels hot."

"Your hand feels good."

"I could touch you all day," he said. "Let's never leave this beach. No matter what happens in the future, let's never leave this moment. Just me and you, at the edge of the world. At the edge of everything."

"Okay."

He reached over and caught a strand of my hair. "Okay, we're staying." He pulled the lock of hair under my nose, resting it along my upper lip. "You have this effect on me, like the moon has on the tide. It must be your sexy brown mustache."

I giggled and swatted his hand and my lock of hair away.

And then he was kissing me, gritty sand falling against my chest as he reached over to bring his torso in line with mine, then on top of me.

I parted my legs and he dropped his knee between my thighs so he was on me, but supporting his weight on his elbows. He kissed my mouth, my cheeks, my neck under my ears.

The sun was hot on my face, shining through my closed eyelids and making everything feel red. The whole world was on fire, spinning out of control, and the heat spread down through my body.

My h*ps moved, tilting to seek more contact with Sawyer's leg. His upper thigh contacted the spot on my bathing suit where my legs connected, and my hands sought purchase to pull him closer to me. I tilted up again as he kissed my neck, pushing that hot, thrumming part of me against him desperately.

He groaned and shifted his weight up, and I felt the length of him hardening inside his swimming shorts. Separated by only a thin bit of fabric, his rod was unmistakable, long and thick.

I reached down and grasped him through his shorts, clutching near the base.

He groaned and playfully nipped me on my earlobe.

I could barely catch my breath, and I was moving, being rolled over, on top of him. Now he had his head back, and I licked his beautiful neck, my tongue finding his Adam's apple, my lips finding his pulse. My h*ps pressed down against his, the pleasure irresistible, and I rested my elbows alongside Sawyer's head and gazed into his green eyes for a moment before closing my eyes and kissing his lips.

His kisses were incredible, with the most incredible mix of passion and restraint. His hands were hot and heavy on my back, and then moved down to my butt. As he cupped my bu**ocks, he rocked me up and down against him.

I lost myself in the ecstasy of the moment, but then we shifted, and I felt the grit of sand between our torsos. That sensation brought me back to reality, and the fact we were lying in a public place.

Extracting myself from his embrace, I muttered, "You're so bad."

He slapped my ass lightly as I rolled away. "You're the bad one. The way you attacked me like that." He shook his head, grinning. "Unbelievable."

I adjusted the top of my bikini and fished my sunglasses out of the sand above my head.

Sawyer sighed and rolled his head to the side to stare at me.

With the sunglasses hiding my eyes, I took a long, thorough look over his chest. He had almost no chest hair, but it didn't seem to be shaved, because there was no stubble. His chest was defined and sexy like a hot guy on a calendar. The tattoos of the octopus and the other sea stuff looked so natural the way they were placed, as if he'd always had them, right from birth. He did have some thicker dark hair, but it began just below his navel.

As I looked down further, I saw something that made my breath catch in my throat. Our little makeout session had caused some excitement below, and as a result, he was peeking out of the waistband of his shorts.

"Um, Sawyer?"

He reached over lazily with one sandy hand and traced his finger up my forearm. "I love hearing you say my name."

"Are you, um, comfortable?"

"Yeah. Why, are you too hot? Too cold? Time for ice cream already?"

"Hmm." I didn't quite know how to say it. Couldn't he feel that? If I didn't do something soon, he was going to get a sunburn.

I reached down pulled up on the waistband of his shorts, tucking him safely back inside. My fingers passed over the tip of his c**k and got some slippery moisture on my fingertips.

He moaned, "Mmm, third base."

"You were sticking out."

"Oops."

"You're decent now."

"Never. Not a decent thought in my head." He rolled to his side, facing me. "I wish we'd brought a really big blanket we could hide under. Or a tent. What do you think of that? I can't see your eyes in those sunglasses. Are you embarrassed? I'll try to behave myself, but I want you so bad. I'm glad we're here, though, because if we were alone, I'd really make a fool of myself."

I rolled up to face him and whispered, "I wish we were alone, too."

He sucked in air and let out a low whistle. "Can't take you to my place, because it's disgusting, and my roommate has some friends crashing there. We'd have more privacy here at this beach." He furrowed his brow and looked around. "How about you wait right here and I'll go buy us a tent?"

I whispered something, but he didn't hear me.

He said, "What's that? You want me to buy us a tent? Sounds good."

I repeated, "Let's go to my place."

His eyes widened. "Right now?"

"Yes."

He sat up quickly and started putting on his jeans and boots.

I sat up, feeling lightheaded, and started shaking out my clothes. This was happening? Right now? Oh, heaven help me, I was going to lose myself in his arms.

He said, "Take your time, I just have to run a very specific errand."

I kept shaking my clothes, even though they were sand-free. Nerves.

He jogged off, back across the street, and went into the small drugstore that also housed a post office.

I got most of the sand swept off me and went to meet him by the gleaming motorcycle

As soon as he returned, we were joined by a big guy with a red beard and a knit cap over his long hair, wanting to ask all about the bike.

Sawyer's voice got even deeper and gruffer as he talked to the other guy. Both of them puffed out their chests and talked about Harleys.

Was Sawyer stalling? He seemed to be the one leading the conversation with this bearded guy.

Finally, the man walked away, not even having looked at me or introduced himself. Was I invisible? I'd always tried to avoid notice, blend in and not draw attention to myself, but being ignored hurt.

Sawyer and I put our helmets on in silence. He wasn't grinning like before, and I wondered if he'd changed his mind. Maybe when we got to my place, he'd just drop me off and tell me things had been fun, but he wasn't ready for dealing with me plus some kid who wasn't his.

Then we got onto the bike, and I moved my hands up and squeezed him around his muscled abs. The sun was beating down on the black leather of his jacket, causing wavy heat rays to rise before my eyes.

We pulled out of the parking lot and took a direct route toward my apartment.

I felt strange knowing we were heading somewhere for the express purpose of having sex. From my limited experiences with guys, sex was always something that just sort of happened, like a summer storm.

I couldn't believe I'd invited Sawyer to my place, and after I'd just promised myself I wouldn't. What other promises to myself was I going to break, just because a cute guy with a rock-hard body was interested in me?

We hit the highway and I let the roar of the engine and the wind take away my worries. Whatever fate and Sawyer had in store for me, I was going to enjoy it, no matter what happened next.

Chapter Seventeen

When we got to my apartment building, he kept a distance between us that I appreciated. I didn't need anyone in the building thinking he was anything more than a friend.

We didn't see anyone on the walk up the stairwell to my apartment, which was a relief.

This time, I gave him a proper tour around the apartment. I showed him the small living room, and he nodded and said everything was nice. I started to walk back toward the kitchen, but he stopped me, grabbing my hand in his.

"Already seen the kitchen last time," he said. "Especially the table."

"Right." I looked down at my feet as I blushed at the memory.

Squeezing my hand, he said, "We can just sit and talk for a bit. No pressure."

"Is that what you want?" I asked.

"No." He stared into me, his eyes full of intense, sea-green fire. His shoulders were so broad, and he looked enormous standing in my small hallway.

I whispered, "Tell me what you want."

He said, "I want to take off all your clothes and lick and suck every inch of your body. I want to feel you quiver with pleasure, and maybe we bang the headboard into the wall a few times. Or not. It's all up to you how much pleasure you want, but I've already had lunch, so you should know I'm fueled up and ready to ride for hours."

I had no response for that, except that it sounded too good to be true. I turned and led the way into my bedroom. I didn't usually make my bed, but that morning I had, perhaps because deep in my heart I knew this was inevitable.

Sawyer pulled the drugstore box from his jacket pocket and set it on my nightstand, not taking his eyes off me. He dropped his jacket to the floor, then off came everything else.

I turned to the side, feeling shy about seeing him naked. I took off most everything, but stopped at my bikini. My arms folded across my chest, I said, "Mind if I keep something on for a bit?"

He crawled up onto my double-sized bed and rolled onto his side, propping his head up casually with one arm.

"I'm yours," he said. "Come here and kiss me before I die from wanting you."

I climbed onto the bed with him and cuddled up next to his completely na**d body. With one hand, I explored the crease between his chest muscles, and then down his ab muscles. He closed his eyes, and I moved my hand down further, burying my fingertips in the hair that began below his navel. He held very still as I reached down further and grasped him around the shaft, and then he pressed himself into my hand, encouraging me to stroke him.

His eyes fluttered open, and he leaned forward enough to meet my lips with his. He rested one hand on my hip, over top of my bikini bottoms, and kissed me deeply and thoroughly. I found myself making small sighs, and my body shifting to be closer to his.

He rolled onto his back and pulled me with him, pulled me on top the way we'd been at the beach. This time, though, we weren't in public and we didn't need to stop.

I let go of his c**k and adjusted my body over his, rocking my h*ps as his erection nestled in the hollow between my hip bone and pubic bone.

The tip of his c**k moistly kissed against my skin as I nudged up and down on his body, our mouths locked together.

No longer nervous, I reached back and untied the top of my bikini. I tossed it aside, then shifted down his body, kissing his neck and Adam's apple, and then down his smooth chest. I found one nipple with my lips and sucked until it was small and hard, then did the same to the other.

Sawyer's breathing was shallow, his body tense and still, like a pond with small ripples coming from the life beneath. I moved down further, tasting the salty sweat of his flesh, smelling the musk of his body. His scent intoxicated me, arousing my hunger.

I licked a trail down his stomach, then gripped his hard c**k in one hand and plunged the tip into my mouth.

He groaned and clutched the bed covers as I sucked and pulsed him within my mouth.

"Slow down," he begged.

I eased him out of my mouth and lovingly ran the tip of my tongue up and down the length of him, teasing around the edge of the head before plunging him in and out of my wet mouth.

His c**k was hard and responsive, straining.

Gasping, he pushed me away. "Intense," he said, and as we made eye contact, I felt the intensity, too.

I went limp, falling to the bed, weak with desire. Take me, I pleaded with my eyes.

He climbed on top of me, and old memories bubbled up. I was in my little bed, in that stinking plywood room.

I pulled my knees together and squirmed out to roll sideways. I clenched my eyes shut.

"Aubrey? Is this too fast?"

He rubbed his fingers tenderly along my cheek. I opened my eyes and saw him. Sawyer Jones. He was good, and kind, and being so gentle. I was in my apartment, not the old trailer.

Nodding, I said, "Slower would be better."

"I agree," he said, and he stretched out alongside me, relaxed. "You're so perfect. So beautiful."

I grabbed his hand in mine and kissed his fingertips.

Sawyer. I was in bed with him, and he was a good guy. I wanted this.

I ran his fingertips down over my breast. He smiled as he traced lines around my nipple.

He whispered, "Does this feel good?"

I nodded, yes, and pushed his hand down further, so his fingers slipped under the edge of my bikini bottoms.

"Still good?" he asked.

I held my hand over my face in embarrassment as I blushed. "Really good." My body was so warm and sure, and the fear that had crept up on me was completely gone.

Now he was in control, and I nodded after each question. Could he take off my bikini bottoms? Yes. Could he touch me like this? Yes. Deeper? Yes. Harder? Yes.

With his fingers, he took me to the edge of orgasm. Teetering on the brink, I put my hand on top of his to stop him. Take me, I thought as I stared into his eyes.

He understood, and reached for the condoms.

When he plunged into me, I cried out so loud he stopped.

"Did I hurt you?"

No. Not physically. I shook my head. "Feels so good," I whispered.

He shuddered at my words and pulled back, catching his breath.

I whimpered and angled my h*ps up, splaying my legs out so he could go deeper.

He kissed my arm and shoulder, then took a deep breath and started moving again.

I didn't want to startle him and have him stop, so I grabbed onto his bu**ocks with both hands and helped drive him into me as I cried out for more.

After a few strokes, he got the idea and stopped holding back.

I didn't know if I'd be able to come with him on top like that, just from his cock, but it felt so good, I didn't want to stop. Then I didn't have to worry, because I was coming, multi-colored lights flashing behind my eyes as I quivered and shook and cried out beneath his big, muscular body.

He was sweating now, the muscles of his neck bulging out as he kept moving, rocking into me with pleasure.

He swore, gritted his teeth, and moaned as he also came, his c**k impossibly hard and shuddering inside me.

My fingertips were digging into his thick back muscles, and I relaxed my hands and arms. I moved my hands down to his firm bu**ocks and gave them a squeeze. He shook, as though surprised, and then let out a nervous laugh.

I turned my head to the side and kissed his ear, where his head was buried face-down in the blankets next to me.

He pulled back, red-faced, and blinked at me. "So much for hours of riding," he said.

I smiled up at him, and not just with my mouth, but with my whole body. The entire room-the entire world-was smiling.

"I really don't need hours," I said. "That was perfect."

He reached down and held onto the base of the condom as he carefully withdrew. "We can always go again later. Give me a few minutes."

I turned to the side and looked at my digital alarm clock.

The readout made no sense. It was two-thirty already? How could that be?

I sat up quickly, heart pounding. "Shit! I have to get Bell at three." I got up and started hunting around for clothes. "Oh, dammit, how am I going to get there in time?"

"I'll give you a ride," Sawyer said calmly.

"Don't be ridiculous," I snapped. "You can't put her on your bike."

"Aubrey." His tone was serious.

I looked up, angry that this man was naked, on my bed, chiding me. What if I'd fallen asleep and forgotten to go get her?

"I'll drop you off," he said. "The two of you can walk back here like usual. I can even drop you around the corner, so she doesn't see me."

I clapped my hand to my forehead. "Of course. I'm sorry. I just... wasn't thinking."

Looking defeated, he got up, grabbed his clothes from the floor, and shuffled off to the bathroom.

This wasn't at all how I expected today to go.

Or was it?

Maybe I hadn't expected this, but I'd foreseen disaster of some sort. Since I ran away with Bell, not many guys had been interested in dating me, but with the ones who did, something like this always happened.

The worst part wasn't them ending the relationship. Not at all. The worst part was that in order to make themselves feel better, they made me out to be the bad person. The crazy, emotional woman with all the unreasonable demands. Never mind that I hardly ever asked for anything.

They couldn't see themselves as the users they were, taking what they wanted and then moving on to the next girl. They were in denial of their dark hearts, that they would "pump and dump" a young single mother. So, there'd be some small incident that would be inflated to something bigger than it was. I'd lose my temper, just for a moment, and they'd seize their opportunity. They'd tip their heads and give me that smug look. Aubrey, you're giving me no choice but to break it off with you.

This had happened twice over the last three years. I'd deluded myself into thinking I could have a casual relationship without Bell knowing, but both times had been a disaster.

The problem wasn't her. It was me.

First Damion, and then the next two guys.

The common factor in all those wrecks was me.

The first night Damion came by the trailer while my mother and Derek were out, we just kissed at first, then he put his hand down my pants. I was only fifteen, and I wasn't close to any girls at school, so I had no idea about sex in real life. To my surprise, I liked how Damion made me feel.

After that, he'd come by once or twice a week, usually when my mother and Derek were out, but even if they were home, he'd casually ask if he could watch our television, since his satellite wasn't working properly.

As soon as we were alone together, he'd have his hands down my pants in a hot minute.

"Almost sweet sixteen," he'd moan as he kissed my neck and made me feel like my head was going to explode.

He was twenty, and at the time I thought I was pretty hot shit to have a twenty-year-old interested in me. Damion got me hooked on him. With his tongue in my mouth and his hand down my pants, he made me come, so many times.

I resisted letting him go "all the way," but then he started showing less interest, coming around less often. So, one night, it just happened. I mean, I let it happen. I had on my best underwear, so I had to live with knowing some part of me had planned it.

When he put it in, the pain really surprised me. Touching had felt so good up to that point, and despite what I'd heard about losing your virginity, I thought it would be different for us. I asked him to stop, but he shushed me. I asked again, and he glared down at me.

We were in my bed, in my little unheated bedroom. Summer was almost there, but the room still had that damp chill that never really went away. My bed was narrow-a child's bed-and it made a terrible squeaking I was afraid might wake up Bell.

Damion glared down at me, with his dark brown eyes that looked almost black at night like this. He had the same dark, straight hair as his father. Red-faced and frustrated like this, he looked exactly like Derek, which made me feel terrified in that moment.

"I'll slow down," he said. "But I ain't stoppin'. Just hang in there, it'll get better in a minute, trust me."

"Okay."

"Tell me you love me."

I forced myself to say it. "I love you."

He kept going, and it didn't get better, but it didn't get worse, either.

A girl who knew better, and wasn't so desperate to be loved by someone would have stopped fooling around with Damion as of that night. I could have said no to him, and I could have put the deadbolt across the door so he couldn't let himself in.

But I didn't know any better, or maybe I just didn't care. I was ready for the world and whatever it had in store for me, even if it meant getting hurt. I was ready to hurl myself into that pain, just to see what happened.

Chapter Eighteen

Sawyer gave me a ride on his bike to Bell's elementary school. I would have walked, but then I'd have been late for sure. Time had passed too quickly when I was in his arms.

As discussed, Sawyer dropped me off around the corner from the school's entrance, so Bell wouldn't see me on a motorbike. Thanks to the ride, we were actually a few minutes early. Sawyer pulled into a shady spot, underneath a big tree, and killed the engine.

We took off our helmets, and I said, "You can just dump me and go."

"Dump you?"

"Whatever." I started to walk toward the school, but he jumped in front of me.

I pushed him aside and started to run.

He caught me, his arms around my waist.

"Aubrey, what's wrong? Why does it seem like you're always running away from me?"

"I don't know."

He turned me to face him. "Do I scare you?" His green eyes looked so sad as he asked the question, like he was the one afraid, not me.

"Relationships scare me. Not sure if you noticed, but I suck at them."

He grinned, which made me able to start breathing again. "I suck at relationships, too. The last time I cared about a girl was over a year ago. She was my girlfriend. I think she was trying to get something from me that I wasn't able to give."

"Sounds about right."

"She's engaged now, or maybe married. So I guess that thing she wanted did exist in the universe, just not in me. I wasn't good enough."

The look on his face, plus his words, crushed me. How could Sawyer think he wasn't good enough? The world was a really messed-up place if he believed that.

He continued, "She got the fat all sucked out of her ass and then threw me out with all the ass fat."

Was he joking? What the f**k was he talking about? He rambled on about ass fat.

The bell above the school rang, which meant the kids would be streaming out the doors any moment.

"You're not making any sense," I said.

He blinked rapidly. "Her name was Janine, and she got liposuction done. She didn't need it done, but then she did, and I think it was a test for me, and I failed. I kept saying the wrong thing. I say a lot of things, and some of them are bound to come out wrong." He looked down, shaking his head, then looked back up at me, a wry smile on his face. "You know, some people have real problems. Janine couldn't understand that. She'd talk about her h*ps like they were an atrocity."

I didn't say anything, but I wondered, how bad were the hips, exactly?

Sawyer continued, "Never mind about Janine and all that. It's in the past. I know I have a big mouth, and I ramble a lot, but I swear there's a point in here somewhere." He fixed me with his gaze, his green eyes looking almost emerald in the dappled light beneath the leafy tree. "My point is I really like you, and I want to spend more time with you, and if it means I have to wear a muzzle so I don't talk and ruin everything, then I will." He grinned. "Wait. Your face. I think your face is broken, around your mouth area. Is that a smile?"

I widened my smile with a sigh. "We can hang out again, soon."

"Tomorrow?"

I wriggled out of his grasp and started walking backward toward the school, in the direction of children's laughter. "I have tomorrow off work, but you probably know that."

He pumped his fist in the air, like he'd won a prize. "I have most of tomorrow free."

I kept walking. "Call me, or text me."

He pulled his phone out of his pocket and pretended he was texting me that moment, which had the desired effect of making me laugh.

I turned around and sped up to a light jog, toward the school entrance to get Bell.

My face was still light from the smile. Sawyer had a strong effect on me, but at least it was a good one. My jeans were chafing, so I adjusted them, noting that my parts felt a little swollen within my panties. Was I already turned on again, just thinking about him, or was that the lingering effect of this afternoon?

The smile crept back up as I remembered, and I had to hold my hand up over my mouth before everyone saw and knew I'd had insanely hot, toe-curling sex not an hour earlier.

I looked around at the other mothers. There were white moms and Asian moms and plenty of Indian moms, with their lustrous black hair and broods of kids. Many of these dark-haired women were pregnant with the next one. So many kids for one mother, but I knew they managed because they had their mothers and maybe their grandmothers at home, living in multi-family houses with several generations.

As I stared at one raven-haired lady with twins in a double stroller, an elderly woman with silver hair trailing behind her, I realized she and I weren't so different after all. I didn't live with my grandmother, but she had been helping out with Bell so much over the last few months-so much that now I could breathe. I had a new life, thanks to my family.

And to think, my mother told me they were dead. Why would she do that? They were such good people, undeserving of being shut out that way. I noticed the tension creeping up in my body as I felt the anger at my mother, so I shook my head and tried to think of better things.

Like Sawyer.

I pulled my phone out to see if he'd texted me. He hadn't, but I stood there and typed a quick message to him.

Me: Thank you for the nice day in the sun. I had a lot of fun. ;-D

I thought he would enjoy the smiley face.

He didn't text back, but that was a good thing, as he was probably on his bike. I got a tremor of fear in my belly, worrying he might feel his phone vibrate and try to answer while he was riding, and end up getting hurt. It was an awful, sick feeling, and I hated my imagination for being so good at picturing his crumpled body bleeding on the pavement.

"Hi."

I looked up from my phone at a little face-Bell, with her blue eyes rimmed in red from tears.

Dropping to a squat to be eye-level, I said, "What's wrong? Were you crying?"

"No." Her little lips puffed out stubbornly.

"Just in a bad mood? What made you sad?" I looked around for a sign, but nobody was looking our way, and I couldn't spot her friend Taylor.

She grabbed the zipper of my hoodie and zipped it up and down like a toy.

"Not talking?"

Her mouth moved from side to side, like the truth was trying to come out, but she was fighting it the way she fought sleep when she wanted to stay up late instead of going to bed.

I took her hand and started us toward home, hoping the rhythm of walking would draw her story from her.

Like her, I'd also been a sensitive little kid, but not to the extreme that she was sensitive. My mother hadn't put up with much of what she called my "fussing," so I learned to keep quiet while she washed my hair with the shampoo that burned my scalp and stung my eyes. That was when I learned that everything ended-every moment was temporary, and pain was like the train passing by on the railroad tracks. If you waited long enough, soon you'd be back to looking at the trees.

We got all the way home, and Bell still hadn't said anything, despite my attempts to coax a few words from her. Feeling defeated, I let us in the front door of the building. If she wasn't going to talk to me, maybe it was about time she found that cold comfort within herself.

She turned and looked up at me, her big, blue eyes brighter and more blue from the recent tears. "Taylor is mean," she said. There was a trace of something blue at the corner of her mouth. I hadn't sent her to school with candy, so I figured she must have gotten a sucker or gum from another kid.

"Your friend, Taylor?" I fought the urge to argue with her, to say that Taylor wasn't mean, that she was nice.

It was my and everyone else's instinct to argue with the truth-to insist that some person we didn't even know had to be nice, because how could we keep going in a world where even our friends were mean to us?

Bell looked longingly at the elevator doors, but came with me when I opened the door to the stairwell. I'd lied and told her it was my exercise to take the stairs, rather than tell her the elevator stunk of vomit and disinfectant and gave me claustrophobia.

Up the stairs we went, and out came the truth about her day. In her meandering way, she explained what happened. Her new friend Taylor had invited another little girl to play with them at lunch time, to draw on the sidewalk with chalk. The other girl didn't like Bell, though, and said she smelled like beans. She changed the rules for the hopscotch game when Bell tried to play, and then she'd pointed and laughed.

"She pointed?" I repeated, the image vivid in my mind.

"Like this." Bell pointed her small finger at me, her eyes scrunched up with derision-an expression of hate I'd never seen on her sweet face.

I might have laughed if the heartbreak didn't make me feel like crying for her.

We got up to the apartment and she decided to have Quiet Time in her room.

I debated for a good hour whether or not to intervene. My mother wouldn't have done anything. She would have told me to slap the other girl on the face, to "slap the mean right off of her."

Great parenting advice for a seven-year-old. Really.

I rolled my eyes and shook my head at my "colorful" mother. No wonder she was always angry and feeling like the other mothers were judging her. How could they not be?

Finally, I decided to phone Natalie. I was going to be the kind of parent who stuck her nose in.

Natalie sounded happy to hear from me. I explained what Bell had told me, and asked what she knew about this other girl, the mean one. Natalie then told me the other side of the story, which was quite a bit different from what Bell had said.

According to Natalie, who heard about the incident from Taylor, some other girls had been playing with the chalk, and Bell went over and dumped out half the chalk on the concrete and took the bucket away. That wouldn't have been so bad, but she took all the blue chalk with her, and wouldn't share. The other girls had the second-grade equivalent of an intervention, and tried to get some blue chalk. Bell then started putting the chalk in her mouth, chewing it and spitting it out at them.

As I talked on the phone, I lowered my voice. Inside her bedroom, Princess Land, Bell wasn't making a peep, and I could feel her listening to my side of the conversation.

Because I'd seen the blue chalk in the corner of Bell's mouth, I had no choice about which version of events to believe. Was this just the beginning of behavioral problems with Bell? Aside from her tantrums, she'd been so resilient, and had no problem keeping up with the school work. Now that we were finally in a stable situation and life was looking good for a change, now this?

I sunk into the couch with the phone at my ear, wishing the couch would just swallow me up so I didn't have to worry anymore.

Into a pause in the conversation, I muttered, "Life is shit."

On the other end, Natalie made a strange sound, and after a moment I realized she was laughing.

"Aubrey, it's not the end of the world."

"Oh. You're right."

"Let's hang out tomorrow, just the two of us for some girl-time. Then you and Bell can join us again for dinner, and the girls can cement their friendship."

"Won't they just resist?"

"We have to try. If Bell feels more comfortable, socially, it should calm her aggression." Natalie giggled. "I feel like a zookeeper."

"It's like we're putting the monkeys in a cage together for their own good."

"Good analogy. Anyway, I'm excited about this. We loved having you last week, and Dave enjoyed having someone new to tell his tree-planting stories to." She kept going, making plans without waiting for my agreement.

I thanked her and we arranged for her to come pick me up at the apartment at noon, so I could help her with some shopping. Then we'd pick up the kids together at three and have dinner at her place. She stressed the fact that I wasn't obligated to bring anything but my "lovely self."

After I ended the call, it beeped with an incoming message from Sawyer.

Right. Sawyer.

I was already proving myself to be a bad girlfriend by making other plans for my day off.

Sawyer: There's a report on the news about some shocking indecency.

Me: Huh? Should I be worried?

Sawyer: Apparently some guy was at the same beach we were at and he was flashing his wang.

Me: Wang!

I giggled and stretched out on the couch, cradling the cell phone lovingly. Getting messages from him and imagining him saying the words was almost as much fun as hanging out with him in person.

Sawyer: So obviously we can't go back there tomorrow. How about we go terrorize people at the mall? We can go to Zellers and grope each other in the underwear section. I don't know about you, but seeing all those giant ladies' panties hanging on their plastic hangers gets me so hard.

I knew he was saying it for a laugh, but the idea of him getting hard, even as a joke, made me feel so giggly and turned-on. I reached a hand between my legs and pressed down where I felt swollen.

Me: I'm going to wear giant panties next time I see you. So big they come out of the top of my jeans.

Sawyer: It's difficult to text efficiently with only one hand.

I didn't even have time to reply, when he sent a series of messages.

Sawyer: Msdiryey pantiesss ekewn daladdfjjjl!!

Sawyer: Uhhhhh..almost..there..morepantiestalkplease.

Sawyer: I hope you know I'm just kidding.

Sawyer: I'm at the grocery store picking up some stuff for the house, and people are staring at me, wondering why I'm laughing my ass off in the magazine aisle.

Me: I wish I was there with you.

Sawyer: You could come meet me? Bring your daughter and we can do some serious double-household shopping.

Me: Another time.

Sawyer: They have Cheerios on sale. Those big boxes that don't fit in the cupboard, so you have to keep them on top of the fridge. Want me to get you some?

Me: I'm good.

Sawyer: I could bring them over tomorrow.

For a moment, I thought about making plans with Sawyer and then phoning Natalie to cancel. Then I remembered Bell's red eyes, and how important it was for her to have some stability. If we could have more play dates and she could feel comfortable in her friendship with Taylor, maybe it would help.

Eating chalk.

Good lord.

You have to laugh, or you'll cry.

I composed a message.

Me: Turns out I can't hang out tomorrow because I have a play date with another mother from Bell's school. We're meeting early in the day.

Sawyer: This means I won't get to see your giant panties? You are a tease.

I knew he was joking, but it still stung to be called a tease. Guys don't know how that comes across, even said jokingly.

We sent a few more messages back and forth, him being flirty and cute, and me trying hard not to embarrass myself too much.

I started making dinner, but kept getting distracted by his messages, so by the time the food was ready, Bell was cranky and giving me a hard time. You would think hunger would make the kid less fussy, but she seemed to become more picky whenever dinner was late.

She scowled at me and picked at the food with her fingers, trying to remove the miniscule dots of cracked pepper I'd accidentally put in. I'd been distracted by the messages on my phone and forgot she only liked the "tiny" pepper from the shaker, not the freshly-ground crunchy stuff from the grinder our grandparents gave us as in our apartment-warming gift basket.

"For heaven's sakes, it's just spice," I said, exasperated. "It's not dirt or poison, so don't give me that look. If I wanted to feed you dirt, I'd disguise it better, and you'd never even know."

I'd meant the comment as a joke, but her little eyes narrowed and she glared at me like I was the most rotten person on the whole planet.

She didn't know I'd just canceled a date with a hot, sexy guy so I could have a play date for her emotional well-being. Nope. To her, I was just the ass**le who put crunchy pepper chunks on her macaroni.

What an ass**le.

Chapter Nineteen

SAWYER JONES

Frustration.

Punch-a-hole-in-the-wall frustration.

Aubrey was so near, but so far away. I felt like I was dating someone who lived in another time zone, or on another planet.

She would text me, all the time, but if I tried to make plans to see her, there was always an excuse. She was either at work, or with her kid, or just plain unavailable. Sometimes I wanted to talk to her, but her cell phone battery would be dying. All the time.

I had to wonder if what she really wanted was a new cell phone with a Boyfriend App. Boyfriend App could send her interesting and informative messages throughout the day, and she could send back smiley faces in place of communicating.

I'd have my phone out all hours of the day, and Spanky made fun of me.

"Girls are like jobs," he said. "If that one's only giving you part-time hours, maybe you should pick up a second one. Lemme know, I'll set you up."

We were playing a game of pool at the house, and he was kicking my ass because my head wasn't in the game.

"One of your potheads?" I asked.

He grinned, his lips pale and pink against his yellowing teeth. Spanky didn't always look like a dirtbag with a mullet. When we were younger, he used to get his tips highlighted, so he looked blond, and he used to wear clothes that didn't look like they'd been stolen from a clothesline as he was running away from someone. Today, he had on a pair of jeans that were more holes than jean, and an extra-large shirt with a roaring tiger on it. His toenails looked like they hadn't been cut... ever.

He said, "Nothing wrong with a pothead girlfriend. The sex is great, and it goes on for hours, bro. You get tired, and bored, but it just keeps going. So you do one of these."

He grabbed my phone and plopped it on the floor, then dropped down into one-handed push-up position.

"Yeah, baby, you like that, huh?" He moved forward and back on his toes, swinging his h*ps into the imaginary girl beneath him while also staring at my phone. He grunted, "Just checkin' my email. Just bangin' my pothead girlfriend who can't get enough, and checkin' my email." He flicked my phone over to his other hand and switched arms. "Aw, baby, I can't even feel my dick. Everything's numb from the waist down. You sure it's still in there?"

I grabbed my phone back.

"There's more to life than sex and drugs."

Spanky jumped up to his feet, red-faced and grinning. "There's rock-n-roll." He punched me in the shoulder, hard.

"You choad."

He grinned. "Choadsmoker." His hand darted out and he got me in the solar plexus.

The instincts kicked in and my hands flew up. "You cock. Try it again when I'm looking, and I'll lay you out."

He stepped back to remove the temptation. "You are wound up. Let's smoke an old fashioned and I'll call some girls over. This girl I know will suck your dick like it's cherry cola."

"Huh." Was he talking about the blonde with the dirty mouth or the brunette who always had to pee? One time, the brunette had brought over her own toilet paper, because she knew we were always out.

Those two girls were best friends, and they both knew Janine, my ex, through school or something. After Janine and I broke up, the two of them came over together with a pie to cheer me up. An actual pie that one of them had baked.

"Party tonight," Spanky said, running his hand back through his hair. The smell of body odor coming from his armpit made me take a step back.

"I don't know." I glanced down at my phone for the millionth time that day, hoping to see something from Aubrey. I hadn't seen her since Tuesday, when she'd shaken me to my core in her bedroom and then practically thrown me out of her place. Now it was Saturday, and I'd had nothing but text messages from her.

Not enough.

She was at work that Saturday. I wanted to go see her, but I also got the feeling she didn't want me to swing by the bar.

The only up-side to not knowing where I stood with Aubrey was that I felt more productive than ever with my art. The big piece, the commission for a new restaurant, was coming together better than I'd dreamed. Sometimes I'd walk into my room and it would take my breath away.

Not that I was getting conceited. It was the other way around. I wondered if someone more talented than me was sneaking in and fixing it behind my back. No way had I painted something so pure and confident as that piece.

If I couldn't see Aubrey, I wanted to spend my evening working on my art, not entertaining Spanky's new friends. Some of the girls who'd been coming over looked young, like sixteen. They made me feel like a creeper, and the pathetic ones just made me sad. The hot ones disturbed me for a different reason. They were so much more available than Aubrey. I worried that one day I'd slip up and grab for some low-hanging fruit rather than chase around a girl who seemed ambivalent toward me.

Spanky was sending out messages and chattering about the party. I put some chalk on the cue and tried to focus on the game.

An hour later, I was craving cherry cola so bad it was all I could think of.

Cherry cola I could do, so I walked to the London Drugs just up the hill.

When the first customer approached me and asked me where the store had batteries, I didn't think anything of it. When the third person came up and asked if "we" still did photo processing, I finally clued in. I was wearing the last clean shirt from my closet, a blue one with short sleeves, and people assumed I was in a store employee uniform. This had happened at least once before, and Spanky made a comment about it any time I wore the shirt, which was exactly why I didn't wear the shirt unless I had no other options.

After I helped direct the gentleman to an actual employee, I dug out my phone and sent a series of text messages to Aubrey, telling her all about my hilarious blue-shirt adventure.

She didn't reply until I was back home with the cherry cola and some bags of snacks for the party.

Aubrey: I don't get it.

Me: I was wearing a blue shirt, and people thought I worked there. I would send you a photo, if you had a decent phone like regular people and could get photos.

Aubrey: :-(

Something about that frowny face set me off. What did it mean? Was she hinting that I should buy her a phone for her birthday? I didn't even know when her birthday was. Or how old she would be. I hardly knew anything about her, except that she drove me crazy.

I'd never been with a girl who seemed so unsure about having a relationship with me, yet so utterly confident about sex. Her na**d body was as gorgeous and awesome as her face when she smiled. The way she'd sucked my c**k had almost made my balls explode. I wanted her so bad, which is why I was so damn frustrated that I couldn't get near her.

As I stood there in the kitchen staring at her frowny face on my phone, my dick got heavy like a pewter candlestick holder suitable for bludgeoning intruders.

Maybe I wasn't lovesick, or even infatuated. I hadn't jerked off that day, or the day before, and it was time.

Back home, I ran up to my room and shut the deadbolt. I also had a key for the door's lock, and I'd use that later tonight to keep the partygoers from using my room, but for now speed was crucial.

Still standing, I unfastened my jeans and pushed them down. Catching sight of my boxer shorts confused me for a minute, like I was watching something on TV that wasn't me. I had on these ridiculous white boxers with black polka dots-definitely bottom-of-the-drawer, well-past-laundry-day stuff. I pushed them down and grabbed myself. Smooth, steady strokes, and I pictured Aubrey's mouth. Frowning. Smiling. In a straight line. Then opening and taking me in.

I thought about her tits and squeezing her ni**les, rolling them between my thumb and forefinger. A heaviness rolled through me. I wanted to have her br**sts under me, and to kiss in a trail down her stomach, then drop my chin between her legs and thrust my tongue into her. I wanted to grab her ass with both hands as I licked her up and down, taking my time, making her writhe beneath me. Her hands in my hair. Calling my name. Sawyer.

The thunder in my loins rolled over, twisting away and then back, as inevitable as the waves on the beach. Up on my toes, now facing the wall with the top of my head next to the light switch, I grasped around on my dresser for something. The box of tissues had been commandeered for the bathroom, so I grabbed the nearest soft thing and shot a payload into it.

After, I unclenched my teeth and shuffled my way back to flop on my bed and catch my breath. I'd just made a spectacular mess on the shirt I'd been planning to wear that night. Perfect.

I took maybe two long breaths before the front door banged and the music started. Spanky had some people downstairs, and that meant it was four-twenty time. And my night was just getting started.

The music was low enough that I could hear laughter above it-female laughter. The sound was appealing, like that of the mermaids who lured sailors to their death on the rocks.

Why was I hiding in my room with my now-limp dick in my hand instead of downstairs enjoying some social interaction?

I tossed the dirty shirt on the teetering laundry pile, got myself put together, and started down the stairs.

Spanky took one look at me and yelled, "Bro! You got that job at London Drugs! Don't give up, it makes me sad. Hang in there, something's gonna pick up for you."

He had on a ripped shirt he'd cut the sleeves off of, paired with loose cotton pants, navy blue, with stars and moons. To top off this fashionable ensemble, he wore a pair of bedraggled Adidas sports sandals, and white tube socks. And he had the balls to rag on me?

"This is your shirt, Spankmeister." I tugged the waistband of my boxer shorts up above my jeans. "And these are your gonch I'm wearing. I like how the soft cotton cups my sack, don't you?"

He had two girls on either side of him-the blonde and the brunette, whatever their names were. The girls were young, maybe nineteen or so, and possibly attractive under all the makeup.

The blonde licked her lips and said, "Nice polka dots. Why don't you come sit next to me and let me play connect-the-dots."

The brunette gave me a shy wave and softly squeaked, "Hi, Sawyer."

I recognized their faces, but still couldn't remember their names. These were the girls who'd brought me the home-baked pie after Janine dumped me.

"Pie girls," I said.

The blonde tossed her hair over her shoulder. "We're about so much more than pie." She wore a thin white shirt with a red lace bra clearly visible underneath.

The three were on the long sofa-the brown, floral-patterned low-rider that had no legs. I took a seat across from them in the vintage gold brocade armchair.

My gold chair had a great shape, and I'd had big plans to learn about upholstery and restore it to its original splendor, but it had smelled like dog and now it smelled like dog and incense, like the inside of a thrift store.

Spanky didn't have one of his pipes, but was rolling a joint on his lap, on the pull-out wood cutting board from the kitchen. He didn't call joints jays or doobies or spliffs, but old fashioneds.

"That's quite the old fashioned you're rolling there."

"My friends deserve the best, and if I can't give them the best, I'll give them the most." He grabbed his crotch suggestively.

"No thanks," I said, laughing.

Spanky had styled his hair into a fauxhawk, the red locks pointed up and making him resemble a one of those crest-headed birds old ladies keep. He leaned over to kiss the brunette's neck. She squealed and nearly knocked the board and smattering of buds to the carpet. They started kissing, and I had no choice but to look away from them out of decency.

My eyes eventually finished the circuit of the room and returned to the blonde. Who wears a red bra under a thin white shirt? This one, that's who.

"Charity," she said. "That's my name. I'm sure you didn't forget, since I baked you that nice pie, but I'm Charity."

"That explains why I feel so charitable toward you."

Her face crinkled. "Huh?" She had a short nose that made her look young, especially making that face. "I'm thirsty. We threw some cider in the fridge."

Spanky stopped kissing his girl long enough to mutter at me, "Get the ladies a drink, you f**king hipster douchebag with no manners."

"Choadsmoker."

I got up with a groan, and Charity followed me into the kitchen like a puppy.

"I have a girlfriend," I said to her as we looked through the drawers for a bottle opener.

"She coming tonight?"

"No, she's at work. Plus she's got a kid."

Charity made a face like she'd just smelled something awful. "Tough break. My mom was a single mom. We were always getting f**ked around by guys who said they'd be there for us, but none of them stuck until I got my little brother."

"Tough break."

"What's her kid like?" Charity asked.

"She won't let me meet her daughter. Actually, I don't even know if she's officially my girlfriend."

Charity smiled up at me, all cute and blonde, face full of dimples... sexy red bra... small waist, nice hips. She had taken her shoes off, and even her bare feet were cute, with red polish on the toes. I had no doubt she wore matching red panties under her peach-colored tight jeans.

"I'm a good listener," she said.

At last I found the bottle opener and got all four bottles open. I moved quickly to the doorway, eager to get back to the living room and the other people. It wasn't that I didn't like the conversation I was having with Charity-she seemed like a nice enough person, but I didn't want to give her the idea I was interested.

I'd never been one of those guys who had to make an effort to avoid the temptation of other girls. When I was dating someone, my loyalty was with her.

For some guys, other girls were like Jell-O. By that, I mean there was an old advertisement for Jell-O that my friends and I had seen on YouTube. In the advertisement, the announcer said that even after a big meal, there was "always room for Jell-O." Some of the guys I knew felt that other girls were like Jell-O in that there was always room for them. And that blow jobs didn't count.

I had tried to be more adventurous about hookups, back before Janine and I started dating. Spanky and I had just moved into the house, and we threw a housewarming party to immediately set ourselves up as the most hated house on the street. In retrospect, it would have been a good idea to keep a low profile for a few months and meet some of the neighbors, but what did we know?

So, this pretty girl with long, black hair asked to get a full tour of the house. She was loud and demanding, and not really my type. I actually thought she was into Spanky, so I was surprised when she started kissing me in the upstairs hallway. Before I knew what was happening, she had my jeans down, and I found myself saying that corny thing I bet all guys say: "You don't have to do that."

Why do guys say that? You don't have to do that.

Of course she knows she doesn't have to do that. But you know once that top button gets undone, it's heading one of three ways. Or four ways.

That zipper comes down and as a guy, you gotta say the polite line. You don't have to do that. Ridiculous. Like two women fighting over whose turn it is to pay for lunch. "You don't have to do that, Suzanne, it's my turn to pay for lunch! You paid last week, and you only had a salad."

In my experience at restaurants, I'd seen that exact scene more times than I cared to remember. I'd also seen my share of pink lipstick on cups that had been through the dishwasher. And chewed-up soggy crackers from babies. But I digress.

The girl with the black hair dropped to her knees and kissed the head of my cock. I said the line again, and she responded by stuffing my dick in her mouth. She felt so hot, and her sucking ironically gave me the shivers. As she power-vacuumed my c**k down her throat, part of me was so embarrassed for her. Who was this girl to give a b**w j*b to some guy she didn't know? And who was I to think that was okay? I was completely single and available, but it still didn't feel right. Well, physically, it felt completely right, which was why I didn't try that hard to stop her.

After I came, she got back to her feet and hugged me. She whispered in my ear, "I'm Janine. Nice to meet you."

What to do next?

I asked for her number.

So, we went for a date the next night, because I didn't want to be that guy. That guy who gets head from some random chick at a party.

I grew up with a lot of female cousins around, so I had some insight into the female brain, though many aspects remained a mystery.

Janine told me she'd taken something before the party-some tranquilizers her friend stole from her mother. She claimed she was a good girl, and that giving head to a stranger was completely out of character for her.

I wasn't so sure about that, especially since she invited me over to her place for "a rematch" right after our first date dinner. I went to her place because I didn't want to be that guy. That guy who feels guilty enough about a b**w j*b to go on a single courtesy date and spend $48.77 with tax and tip, and then dumps the girl and never calls again.

I felt comfortable around Janine, like I could say whatever dumb thing popped into my head and she'd laugh with me rather than at me. She had a good laugh. I loved her juicy ass and her big, loud laugh.

But I hadn't loved Janine.

I'd said the words, of course, but by now, a year after our breakup, I felt like someone else had said those things.

After she dumped me, I'd been low for day or two, and then I didn't get over Janine so much as I just plain forgot.

When I looked at some girls, I saw the parts rather than the whole. I don't mean the tits and ass, either, but the hair that needs daily straightening with a hot iron, the hand that needs to be held at all times while walking outside, and the eyes, always watching my eyes, trying to see what I'm seeing.

Aubrey had the cutest hair. The first time I saw her, it was wavy on one side and flat on the other side, like she'd slept on it and couldn't be bothered to disguise the fact. And she had that expression-that flat line to her mouth, like her whole life was a staring contest and she was determined not to be the first to blink.

I blinked.

When I looked up at those moon-colored eyes and felt their pull on me, my whole life came to a point, a destination, and it was Aubrey. It had always been Aubrey, even before we met. I'd seen her face a thousand times in my mind, even tried to draw it, but the pictures always came out wrong. This girl in my mind, I'd always imagined her smiling, no trace of sadness in her eyes, but one look at Aubrey and I knew where the lines would go. Aubrey's eyes tilted down at the corners, and her flat frown was like a wrinkle in an otherwise perfect canvas-the wrinkle that made everything come to life with beautiful, sad, precious imperfection.

After I met Aubrey, sometime between our first words and my attempt to kiss her, I fell for her. She was the muse I'd always wanted, the one who could inspire me to work harder and be greater than myself. That angry man who punched people was part of the past, and she was my future.

So, yeah, I was having a party at my house that Saturday, and I should have been having fun, but all I could think about was how much I missed Aubrey, this girl I barely knew. The idea of her moved through the house alongside me like a ghost of wanting.

I felt her presence so strongly, I was actually worried about catching hell for noticing Charity's red bra through her thin shirt. It was hard not to notice.

Back in the living room, I dropped into my dog-and-incense-imbued gold chair, dropped all four bottles on the coffee table, and reached for the fat joint from Spanky's hand. I had to shake myself out of my gloom or it was going to be a very long night.

"Go easy," he gritted without exhaling. "That old fashioned has some kick. New hybrid blend."

The cherry sizzled and burned up the paper with my inhale. I let the hot smoke out of my lungs slowly so as not to cough, saying, "When's everyone else showing up? Are we having a party or what?"

My nostrils stung, and I felt sick and calm at the same time, like I was on a boat with my eyes closed.

Chapter Twenty

Charity took the joint from my hand, her cool, soft fingers rubbing mine in a way that felt intentional.

"You're looking at the party," Spanky said. "Party of four." He let out his first stoned laugh of the night. His stoned laugh was fifty percent longer than his regular laugh, and was contagious.

"No shit," I said, which made everyone laugh. A few minutes later, I was laughing too.

We had good music, booze, friends, what more could a person want? We had a pool table right there, and a big dart wall.

I didn't usually blaze, preferring to nurse a few beer instead and stay level while everyone else acted like an ass**le. That Saturday, however, I didn't just accept the fatties when they went around. I demanded my share, despite Spanky's warnings about the potency.

Soon I was pondering the meaning of the word baked.

Baked.

New hybrid, huh? And what else?

My brain lit up like Christmas in the mall. Everything made sense. The whole world fell into place and I understood absolutely everything there ever was or would be.

Baked, like the desert.

Baked.

Like an evaporated lake, all cracked and scorched.

Why was the lake scorched?

Because of the system-wide reboot. The rain would come and everything would start again.

I tried to explain this to my friends, and they seemed to understand, but when I opened my eyes, they weren't where I remembered them being.

The brunette untangled herself from Spanky's many, many arms and excused herself to go to the washroom.

I turned to Charity, who was sitting on the arm of my chair. Had she always been there? The arm wasn't very comfortable compared to a whole chair, but it made sense, because of the whole system-wide reboot. After I put the new upholstery on the chair, everything would be comfortable.

The brunette was back. Suddenly. And now she was staring at me, shooting me with X-rays.

"Where'd you go?" I demanded. "Why aren't you in the bathroom?"

"That was an hour ago," she said.

I gave Spanky a stern look. "Who's watching the time? That's your job. If you make us smoke all the spacejunk, you have to watch out for the time."

Spanky gave me a sideways look, his head tilting farther than seemed safe. "What spacejunk?"

I looked down again at the armrest. Not the one with Charity on it, but the other one, with the control panel for the space ship.

They were making fun of me, so I pretended we were just back at the house, sitting in the living room like normal humans. I rubbed my chin with my hand. That felt really good, so I rubbed my whole face. My mouth tasted like how blue cheese smells. Someone started rubbing my back, between my shoulder blades, and I felt like my whole body was having an orgasm.

This made everyone laugh, even though I didn't tell them, which seemed like the normal way to communicate.

She kept rubbing my back, so I kept making the sounds.

Then I was distracted by how everything had a color, and all the things were different colors. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught sight of my tattoos. I was very careful to not look at my arms again, because you do not need your tattoos crawling around when you are baked like an evaporated lake.

Someone knocked on the front door. My guts liquefied. Aubrey knew where I lived. She'd seen me through the front window, through the closed curtains, with Charity sitting on my armrest.

Spanky pulled himself out of the couch with a groan. "I don't know who that is, since everybody's here," he said.

I decided to sit very still. Charity had pulled her hand away from my back, so I leaned back into the chair. She reached down and tapped my belt buckle.

"Fancy," she said.

I pushed her hand away. "Personal space."

This set the two girls laughing, and Charity rolled off the armrest to the floor, then rolled the rest of the way over to her friend.

We all got quiet, because a new person was in the room. A man with red hair. His hair was so red it made Spanky's look blond. This new redder man had a baby in his arms. The baby also had red hair, which made me wonder if they were the same person, from two different time lines. On one level, I knew that wasn't true, and that I was way too high, but puzzling over the possibility was satisfying for my mind.

The redder man said, "I've been chewing his nails off, like this." He put the baby's fingers in his mouth, and I recoiled in horror, remembering the time a friend's horse nipped me when I was giving him sugar cubes. I'd gotten in trouble for not holding my palms up. That was really unfair.

The man said, "Nom nom nom," to the baby.

I expected the girls to do something, because they were the only girls there and surely they knew all about babies by instinct. They just sat on the couch with grim faces and heavy eyelids. They both had the same color of blue eyes, despite completely different hair. That seemed suspicious.

Spanky came running down from upstairs with a shining pair of nail clippers in his hands.

The man thanked him and left.

I looked at my blue shirt and wondered if I was actually at London Drugs again. No, I was at home, in my house.

Spanky sat down again across from me.

"Spanky, did some guy just come in and borrow our nail clippers?"

"Gotta be neighborly," he said.

I wanted to make a joke, or get another beer to wash out my mouth, but guilt fell upon me like an iron spiderweb. A baby had been inside our home and now everything was off, like a bass out of tune.

Incompatible.

My life was a box of jagged glass, incompatible with small people.

I couldn't ruin Aubrey's daughter's life. I didn't even know the little kid, and I was already tainting her life, taking time away from her mother.

I didn't even know if we were together, but we had to break up.

Immediately.

Already, my solid thoughts were eroding. I had to break up with her while I was still lucid inside this dry desert of knowledge.

I looked around the room for my phone, but the room was hiding it.

Charity wiggled across the floor toward me, moving like an inchworm in a storybook, and then she was at my feet, my knees. She smiled and winked at me, then turned her back and hooked her armpits on top of my knees and sat on the floor between my feet. She reached up and flipped out her long, flaxen hair, so it was cascading up my inner thighs. The gold river of hair started to make me feel charitable toward Charity.

My body relaxed, relief flooding my system. I was less baked than a minute earlier. We were no longer on a spaceship.

Everything was connected and my whole life made sense. I could see clearly now that everything was completely, utterly wrong.

Chapter Twenty-One

AUBREY

One thing I loved about working at the bar was being in a child-free zone. I didn't mind being around children, but constantly comparing myself to other parents was exhausting.

First, there were the super-parents. Their kids had clean, nice clothes and said please and thank you under the parents' vigilant watch. I watched them and tried to learn.

Then there were the parents who'd given up. Their dirty-faced kids ran around like monkeys, and the parents didn't care. Those kids seemed to be just as happy as the ones who said please and thank you.

No matter what you do as a parent, someone's going to think you're doing it wrong.

Some judgmental wench thinks you're doing it wrong.

I was grocery shopping with Bell, back when she'd just turned five and was going through a real bossy stage. We were in the line, and she made a point of asking if we could buy everything. The magazines, the chocolate bars, the gum, and even those little plastic chip-bag clips. You name it, she felt it was her right as a small person to have it, and who could blame her? All around her, other kids were getting things.

I pulled open my purse and grabbed a sucker for her. A moment later, she was slurping away happily on the sucker, breathing heavily through one crusted-up nostril. She had a head cold, and I kept tending to her with tissues, but she was fine with a little crust. I had my hands full digging out coupons and paying for our budgeted items. We were three dollars over what I wanted to spend, and I was considering putting something back when I heard someone behind us sigh heavily. Twice.

I turned to find a skinny woman in yoga clothes standing behind us. Her hair was soaking wet, like she'd just stepped out of a pool, and she had a yoga mat under her arm. "Sugar weakens the immune system," the woman said.

There was a scent of garlic coming from the woman, and I realized the water was her sweat.

Fucking health freaks.

I was in no mood.

We'd just been kicked out of the place we'd been living. It was an illegal sublet we were sharing with another woman who had two little boys. Her kids seemed to sleep in shifts so that one of them could keep us up with his banging and playing.

I'd thought our living situation couldn't get worse, but then it did, when the owner of the building came into the suite while we were all sleeping, did a head count, and told us we had twelve hours to get our stuff out before he called the police.

Some people would have stayed and used their knowledge of the tenant-friendly rental laws in that state to live there for months without paying rent. I knew plenty of people who did that, but I couldn't take the risk of my name being entered into a database. The other woman was hiding out from her abusive ex-husband who was a cop. Off we scattered, the five of us, like rats in a basement when the lights flick on.

That day in the grocery store, the woman in the yoga pants got to me.

Her main concerns were buying non-medicated chicken and sticking her nose in my life.

I thought about thanking her for her concern. It takes a village and all that. And perhaps since she was so invested in Bell's welfare, she could load us up in her massive SUV and drive us to her house to stay the night.

Instead, I said, "These suckers are made from fruit juice."

She puckered her lips, her cheeks hollowing. Why did rich people try to look like they were starving? The world made no sense.

"Sugar is sugar," she said.

Her front teeth looked healthy and sharp. I wondered, for a moment, what it would feel like to punch her in the mouth. To see the surprise on her face as her incisors caught on my knuckles and tore open my skin. The violent urge I felt scared me. All it takes is for us to be pushed to our limit, day after day, and then one more f**king awful thing happens and we snap. We lash out. We defend ourselves.

Calmly, I reached over into her grocery cart and shifted things around. There it was. A box of low-fat ice cream sandwiches hiding underneath the leafy vegetables.

"Sugar is sugar," I said.

She glared at me. "All things in moderation."

"Why don't you mind your own f**king business... in moderation."

I took out a second sucker and put it in my mouth.

She muttered something involving the phrase white trash.

"I might be white trash, but you're a piece of shit and I bet your kids turn out to be ass**les, just like you."

She backed her cart away, muttering about the horror of me swearing in front of my child, saying she would go to another lineup for the benefit of my poor, sweet child not having to hear more profanity.

I looked down at Bell, who was staring up at me with wide eyes, happily slurping on her sucker.

Next, I pulled another sucker out of my purse and popped it in my mouth.

No wonder Bell perked right up when I gave her one. Candy in your mouth goes a long way to making the world seem less shitty.

So does beer. And gin. And tequila. No wonder my uncle referred to the bar sometimes as a "candy store for grown-ups."

I liked having a job where people generally left in a better mood than when they came in. At the fast food places I'd worked, people would leave after a heavy meal looking like they'd just dealt with something unpleasant but necessary.

My shift on Saturday was going well enough, though having to go five minutes between checking my phone for messages from Sawyer was painful. I'd never been too much into my phone, but I finally understood those people who kept the phone out on the table next to them at all times.

Sawyer and his roommate were having a party that night at their house. I'd considered going, but two things were stopping me.

My grandmother had a head cold and she was already taking care of Bell at the apartment while I was at work, so I didn't want to push for a late night or overnight. I'd be lucky if Bell or both of us didn't get her cold, though she assured me she was sneezing into her elbow and washing her hands frequently. Bell's school had a pretty tough policy on sick kids staying home, and so a cold meant lost income for me.

Secondly, making an official appearance at Sawyer's party scared me. Some of his friends were bound to hate me, it was just a matter of averages. Not everybody in this world likes you.

Sawyer was messaging me from a store, where apparently people mistook him for being an employee there. I couldn't understand how this was funny. Finally, he explained that three separate people had approached him, which was different from just one or two, and he should have probably led with that, but whatever. Some people aren't great at relaying anecdotes.

His frustration came through with his messages, and I wanted to tell him I felt it too. Of course I wanted to be with him at the store buying soda, seeing his blue shirt in person instead of trying to imagine it. I wanted to be at his house party that night, rather than at work. Who wouldn't?

But it was too soon to have him meet Bell. She wasn't settled in.

I had to hold on to the idea there was a future for us-some future time when Bell wasn't acting like a ticking time bomb at school and I could consider introducing a new element to her life. In the meantime, Sawyer and I could see each other when our schedules allowed.

He didn't know, but I had all day Sunday set aside just for us. Natalie and Dave were going to pick Bell up from our place and take the girls to the zoo in Abbotsford. They'd be gone all day, and I had my own wild animal plans for Sawyer.

My coworker with the purple-hued hair came and put her arm around me while I was trying to read Sawyer's last text.

Lana said, "So, tomorrow. You're gonna ring the dinner bell."

I shushed her, embarrassed my uncle would hear-not that I had any idea what her expression meant. Was it a reference to o**l s*x? Or just something people around there said? I had a feeling it was a Lana-ism.

"Don't do the Altoids thing," she said. "You know, where you eat the mints and then you-know. He'll be screaming, all right, but for the wrong reasons."

"Honestly, Lana, we're not at the props stage."

"Ice cubes?"

"Three words: what, how, and why?"

"You just rub the ice up and down the body to make the skin cold, then you lick off the water with your hot mouth. Cold and hot. As for why... I gotta say why not?"

Imagining ice cubes melting on Sawyer's chest made me have feelings. Feelings I didn't want to have at work, around people who were not Sawyer.

Lana made a shaking gesture with one hand. "First the ice cubes, then ring the dinner bell."

"Or we could go for a long walk."

She seemed to consider this for a moment. "Curtis and I made love in Stanley Park once. I didn't want to get all-the-way-undressed on account of all the squirrels watching. They weren't even the healthy-looking squirrels, but the ones with the skinny little tails like pipe cleaners, and missing patches of fur. It wasn't very romantic, but if you do decide to go for it in a park, under the nice trees, remember to bring a blanket, and also some of those Wet Naps to clean yourself off with after."

"Not gonna happen. Outdoors? No way."

"It's natural. What did people do before houses?"

"They had sex in huts."

She looked at me like I was stupid. "What about before huts?"

"I don't know, caves?"

She grabbed me by the shoulders and stared into my eyes. "Honey, does he make you happy?"

"I hardly know him. You worked with him. You probably know him better than I do. Actually, there's something I've been meaning to ask. Does he have... a violent streak, you think?"

Just then, I noticed a table full of people in my section, looking around with their necks long and their heads popped up like gophers. I excused myself and went to take their order.

When I came back, I asked Lana again about Sawyer's temperament. "If he's going to be around Bell, I need to know he's not going to be a bad influence."

Looking down as she sliced some limes behind the bar, she said, "I never seen him hit nobody."

"Except for when he punched out that redneck who grabbed me?"

She looked embarrassed. "Right. That happened. Yeah, besides that, I guess."

My phone buzzed in my pocket with another message from Sawyer, and I felt guilty for asking around about him.

Some new people came into the bar, and as I glanced over, I saw something that made me feel like I'd been punched in the stomach. My throat burned and I could barely breathe. I held very still, motionless, and watched as the man crossed in front of me, mere feet away, and took a stool at the bar.

My eyes were playing tricks on me, making me think I was seeing Damion when I wasn't. It wasn't him, but this man could be his brother. Did Derek have other offspring running around? Same strong nose with the hump on the bridge. Same dark hair and eyes, same cruel edge to his mouth, like he was always on the verge of spitting.

This guy wasn't Damion, because his eyes were set too close together, but a part of me still felt his presence, as though I was being watched, and the real Damion was nearby in the shadows.

Damion's betrayal wasn't like a regular memory, that faded with time, but like a hot fire poker jabbing into me.

We had sex in my little unheated bedroom the first time, and then the second time. He kept coming by when my mother and Derek were out, and after seven times, I lost count and it just became a regular weekend thing. This went on for over a year, and we did all of the things I'd heard about from people at school or seen in movies.

Apart from that first time, he never hurt me.

I knew some girls who'd been raped by family members and they said they were ashamed, even though it wasn't their fault.

My shameful secret was that I enjoyed ha**ng s*x with Damion. I looked forward to his visits. I never asked him to make it official and have an actual relationship that people knew about, because I didn't want to scare him away. Sex was just something we did, and pretended we didn't.

Even though he was my mother's boyfriend's son, he wasn't my brother. He was six years older than me, and had never lived with us, or even in the trailer. He'd barely even known his father until he was twenty.

Sometimes, though, he'd come over for dinner and we'd all sit together, and he'd tease me the way I imagined brothers did. I'd look over and imagine him naked, on top of me, saying those dirty things to me that he loved to say, and I'd feel so hot and so guilty.

What scared me was not knowing how it was going to end. I was pretty sure he'd get a girlfriend and stop coming over. Then one weekend he brought a girl by for dinner to meet his father. He'd been seeing her for months, and I never knew.

Later that night he came back, on his own. I hadn't been expecting him, since my mother and Derek were home and sleeping just down the hall. Plus I'd met his girlfriend.

I woke up with him lying on top of me, grinning down at me in the dark.

And then, without a word from either of us, we f**ked. Just like that. And I'm not gonna lie. It was really good.

Ever since then, half the time when I had a really bad nightmare, that was it. Me waking up with Damion on top of me, and then us f**king, even though I knew it was wrong and dirty.

I wished I'd had the sense to end whatever we had, but his father, Derek, was the one who put out the fire.

At first, Derek made a few comments around the house that made me suspicious. I thought maybe he'd been reading my secret diary-not the dummy one, but the one hidden in the ceiling.

Then he got the new tattoo.

My mother always pretended to hate Derek's tattoos. She said they were creepy and satanic, but I'd seen her staring at the red and black swirls on his forearms like she was in love with the tattoos themselves.

In amidst the flames on his arms, Derek had images of na**d women of all types. There was a red devil girl with horns, and a pin-up girl posing on a chair, her hair on fire. The new tattoo he got was different. Brighter. All blue tones and a light ink that was close to white. The new tattoo was an angel, with her halo held in one hand, and her knee in the other hand, spreading her legs wide open to show her white panties.

Not long after he got the tattoo, Derek and I were alone in the house together, because my mother was visiting a friend of hers. We were sitting on the same couch, at either end, and he had pulled the plastic wrap and tape off his arm to show me his newest tattoo.

The angel on Derek's forearm was vivid, shiny and slick under a coating of Polysporin.

"Awesome," I said, my voice snarling with sarcasm.

"You love my tattoos."

"You're gross."

"Hey, Aubrey, wanna know a secret?"

I was trying to watch the TV, but he wouldn't let up, so finally I said, "What?"

"That's you," Derek said. "Spreading your legs for my son."

"Fuck you." I turned back to the TV and pretended I wasn't bothered by what he'd said.

He laughed and muttered something under his breath. I heard "sweet sixteen" and "virgin."

Though my heart was pounding, I stayed right there on the couch and pretended nothing was wrong. I wasn't going to let him get to me. I wanted to pick up the nearest thing and smash it into his stupid face, but I just sat there, quietly pretending to watch the TV.

He went to the kitchen to get another drink, and he called out to me, as if we were buddies, asking if I wanted a beer or something else.

I wanted to yell and scream at him to die, just die, but instead I called back, "No thanks! I've got my Diet Coke and I'm fine."

For the last two weeks, Damion hadn't been coming to visit me. About a month earlier, Derek had started looking at me funny, like he knew. I'd asked Damion, who swore he'd never said a word, even though the two of them hung out all the time. Damion even looked me right in the eyes, but it was like he was looking through me, to the back of my head, and I knew he was lying.

I hated Damion for using me, and I hated Derek for making me feel worthless. I hated them both, and I couldn't wait to get the hell out of there.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Someone was talking to me.

He repeated himself, saying something about darts.

The man seated at the bar was not Damion. I drifted back to reality, and I knew it was real because everything was so heavy. My head was heavy, and I was so tired. And cold.

"There's no space for darts," he said.

The man with the dark hair stared at me with his dark eyes. His mouth didn't have a cruel edge now that he was talking.

I wasn't back at that trailer. I was free of that old life and all the hate, in my new life now.

The man looked at me like I was a real idiot.

"Um. No, sir, we don't have darts," I said.

"What's your name, little darlin'?"

I held up my left hand, flashing the gold band his way. I hadn't worn the ring when I was out with Sawyer, but I didn't forget to wear it to work.

"My name's Mrs. Braun," I said.

He chuckled. "Well, sheeee-it." He rapped his knuckles on the bar. "Ain't life a big steamin' bowl of too-bad. I hope he treats you right."

My phone buzzed with another message from Sawyer. When I looked at my phone, it kept getting blurry from the tears that threatened to fall out of my eyes. I couldn't understand why I felt so overwhelmed.

For the rest of my shift, I was constantly falling behind and missing things, but Lana was an incredible partner. She seemed to know exactly what I needed, which was space and time to breathe.

She suggested I go take a break outside and bum a smoke.

I nodded and went out. The first puff made me cough, and burned more than I remembered. By the end of the cigarette, I had that nausea cigarettes always gave me. I used to love that feeling, because it was at least something, and kept the hunger pangs at bay. Tonight, it made me glad I'd quit smoking.

But I did feel better.

I went back in, just as we were getting busy. Busy was perfect, because it fattened up our tips and made the time fly by.

Back at the apartment after my shift ended, I found my grandmother snoring on the couch. Bell sat next to her, transfixed by the TV. It was past nine, and Bell should have been in bed hours ago, but they did look awfully cute.

In her relaxed state, my grandmother seemed smaller, not much bigger than Bell. Her white-streaked dark hair fell back from her temples in soft curls, and with her head tipped up against the back of the sofa, the lines of her face disappeared. She reminded me of my mother, only I knew she was just napping, not passed out from one of her gin and lemonade parties.

I whispered to Bell, "Has she been asleep for long?"

Without getting up or moving, my grandmother muttered, "Just resting my eyes."

"So, you weren't having a little nap there?"

"Tea," she said, her eyes fluttering open. She wiggled the tip of her nose and sniffed, sounding congested. The skin around her nostrils and upper lip was red and chafed from her cold, and as she sat up, the creases returned around her mouth.

"You sure you don't want to get home and to bed?"

"Brew us a cup of tea and tell me about your day. Everyone who has a day at work should have someone to tell about it."

I couldn't argue with that, so I put on the kettle, and we made some tea. She'd tidied all the dishes after dinner, and the kitchen looked cleaner than it had been in days.

Bell insisted on having some tea as well, though hers was mostly milk and sugar, served in her tiny cup.

I made her change into her pajamas, and we set her up on the couch with all her blankets. I didn't want to start a bad habit, but I had a feeling she'd be asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.

She fought sleep valiantly, her eyes wide open and staring at the tiny television set. We didn't have a cable package, but there were four or five local channels, and Bell enjoyed watching each for five minutes and then changing channels.

My grandmother and I sat at the table, and I was struck by how normal everything felt in that moment. We were just family, discussing our day, like people do.

The conversation shifted away from how things were at her son's bar, to areas I was less comfortable talking about.

Quietly, she asked, "Do you think she believes you?"

We both turned to look at Bell. The kid had a remarkable ability for knowing when she was being spoken about, but this time the television provided cover.

My grandmother restated her question. "Does she remember your mother?"

"She calls her Pretend Mother, and she asks about her sometimes."

"What if she comes back? Someone knocked on the door at the house the other day, when I wasn't expecting anyone."

My pulse surged in my throat, my skin tingling. "Oh my god."

She waved her hand. "No, no, it was just someone wanting to clean the carpets."

We both took a deep breath at the same time.

Bell had been so young when we ran away. The first time I told her I was her mother, she was more interested in the dogs at the park than in what I was saying. I kept repeating it to her, though, because I trusted that repetition would make it true.

Bell agreed, finally, that I was her mother. When asked by strangers how old she was, she would say, "I'm five, and Aubrey is my mommy."

Strangers thought it was adorable she called me by my first name. I finally got her to call me Mom around people, but only about half the time.

One day, I would tell her everything about our past, but that day was years away. Would she hate me? My grandmother thought I did the right thing, and only chided me about not coming to them sooner. Of course I would have, if I hadn't been lied to my whole life, and knew they wanted us. My grandmother and I were united by our anger for the woman between us.

We sat there drinking our tea, not having to say what we were feeling for the other to know.

"I forgive her," my grandmother said, everything about her softening in that moment, from her salt-and-pepper hair to the lines around her mouth.

I tilted my head from side to side, my back suddenly sore. She wanted me to say I forgave my mother. Looking into her gray-blue eyes, I found a wealth of love, but I didn't feel as generous.

I reached out and placed my hand on hers. "She doesn't deserve it." The words sounded more cruel out loud than they had in my head.

"You're young, and you hang on to your pain. When you get old like me, and your body doesn't work like it used to, you decide you have enough pain, and you let those old wounds go. You don't want to become a sinking boat, throwing stuff over the side just so you can stay afloat."

"She took my childhood. I had to take care of her, you know? When it was just the two of us, I'd have to beg her to buy groceries. I can't remember a time I felt safe and content."

Those gray-blue eyes didn't stray from my face. "Do you feel safe and content now?" She turned over her hand beneath mine, squeezed my fingers, and offered a smile.

"I'm scared. I'm scared all the time, and I don't know how to be normal."

"Open you eyes and look around. Do what other people do. It's not so hard."

I looked down at my tea in the stained cup. Do what other people do. I really appreciated the fact she hadn't tried to argue with me, to insist there was no such thing as normal. Of course there's such a thing, or we wouldn't have a word for it.

Plenty of people know damn well they're normal; it's only the most messed-up people who insist there's no such thing. They figure if they can't be normal, nobody can.

I woke up Sunday morning with a song in my heart-a song I hummed as I brushed my teeth and got Bell ready for her big day with Taylor's family. This made Bell suspicious, and she kept asking why I wasn't going to the zoo.

Her hair had thickened recently, and when I swept the golden waves back into a braid, even the wispy bits from the front locked into the plait.

"When did you get so big?" I searched through her closet for something dark enough to wear around the animals. I'd learned how to get stains out of her clothes by scrubbing the fibers with a nail brush, but it weakened the fabric, so it was better to send her outside in darker colors.

"You're the big one," she said. "Mommy. Mommy-Aubrey. Mombrey." She squealed with laughter.

"Is that my new name?"

"Yup." She pointed to her pale pink dress, the prettiest thing she had. "This one, Mombrey."

"How about jeans, Princess Belly Button? There's a giraffe at the zoo, and I hear they eat girls in pink dresses."

"But I want to wear my pretty dress. I'm going to see the other Mommy."

I froze, my back to her as I stared at her little clothes, all organized on hangers.

My throat tight, I asked, "What other Mommy?"

She laughed and climbed up onto the bed to look out the window, ignoring me.

I pulled some jeans from the closet and took a seat on the edge of the bed. "Bell, I asked you a question. What other Mommy?"

She turned and looked at me with eyes more mature and worldly than the day before.

"Taylor's," she said.

The other Mommy was Taylor's mother.

I started breathing normally again, aware of my muscles gradually loosening. My eyes stung, and the song that had been in my heart was long gone. I couldn't cry in front of her, though, so I pulled my fear back into myself and held it in a fist.

We finished getting her ready, finding a compromise in the form of purple leggings under a long shirt, with a belt over top so it looked like a mini-dress.

I sent her off with a minimum of fuss, and then faced another wardrobe dilemma.

Sawyer hadn't sent me another text message since the one late the night before, inviting me to come over to his house in the morning. He was probably still sleeping, and I smiled to myself at the thought of waking him up and seeing him groggy, with morning bedhead.

What outfit would he be most excited to see me in?

Not my tired, old jeans that have been washed a zillion times. The weather was sunny, so I put on a jersey-knit dress, leggings, and a belt. I looked at myself in the full-length mirror that had come with the apartment, attached to the back of my bedroom door. Oh, f**k. I looked exactly like Bell, like a second-grader. I pulled off the leggings and tried to see my bare legs through Sawyer's eyes. Would he like to see a little skin? Didn't all guys?

As I turned from side to side, admiring my freshly-shaved legs, I pulled up the hem of the dress and imagined Sawyer putting his hot hands on my legs. Yanking down my panties. Taking me. Making me his, forever or for now, I didn't care. I just wanted to wrap myself around him.

I couldn't wait another minute, so I grabbed my purse and ran out the door.

When I got to his house, I stopped to stare for a moment. The dilapidated old building looked downright cheerful in the bright summer sunshine, even with weeds sprouting up from the eaves.

The porch was empty, save for the tattered sofa and coffee tins full of murky water and cigarette butts. I knocked on the front door, but judging by the bass thrumming on the other side, nobody heard me. I twisted the handle and found it unlocked.

As I stepped over the threshold, I called out, "Hello?"

Over the stereo, a girl's voice met mine with an echoing, "Hello?"

Chapter Twenty-Three

I followed the scent of bacon and coffee into the kitchen, where I found a dark-haired girl, wearing an oversized man's T-shirt and nothing else, fixing breakfast.

"Sorry. I knocked, but nobody came. Are you one of Sawyer's roommates?"

He'd not mentioned a female roommate, but I'd seen the guy he lived with, and couldn't imagine a girl wanted to spend the night with that guy, even though here she was right in front of me.

She stood there with her ni**les sticking out of her shirt and said, "Uh, not really."

"Then who are you?" I demanded.

She seemed embarrassed, and scared. My whole body felt like it was both frozen stiff and trembling at the same time.

"I'm a friend of the guys," she said. "Do you want to stay for breakfast? I can set another plate."

I looked down at the big knife sitting on the kitchen island between us. She'd been slicing oranges, and the tang of citrus was still in the air.

"Let me check with Sawyer first," I said, my voice rising in pitch. "Is he upstairs? Where might I find him?"

She looked at me sideways, her eyes bugging out. "Up the stairs, first door on the right."

"Is he still asleep?"

Not taking her eyes off me, she picked up the big knife and put it in the sink with some other dishes.

Carefully, she said, "I don't know."

I turned around, having to command my legs to move. One foot in front of the other. Keep going. You need to do this.

Up the stairs I climbed, my pulse pounding in my throat.

Had Sawyer f**ked that girl from the kitchen? Someone had, by the guilty look on her face.

If it was him, that was fine. Fine. Better to know sooner than later, better to be heartbroken now than made a fool of.

When I hit the top step, I heard a girl giggle, and it wasn't the girl from downstairs. I collapsed, my legs buckling underneath me. My breath was audible, so I knew I was still alive, but just barely.

Something picked me up-some force. Rage, maybe. I stood at the first door at the top of the stairs and reached for the handle. The door wouldn't open. The knob twisted, but it seemed to be blocked by something.

I knocked on the door. "Sawyer?"

The stereo was still going downstairs, and I couldn't hear anything over the music.

I banged on the door harder. "It's Aubrey. Open this door before I f**king kick it down."

A second later, it swung open, and a surprised-looking Sawyer stood blinking at me. He wore nothing but a pair of boxers with dots on them, and his hair was messy. I could see the bed behind him, and nobody else was in it.

He said, "What are you doing here?"

I pushed past him into the room. "Where is she? I heard a girl in here." The bi-fold closet doors were open, showing only clothes and a few cardboard boxes. I turned around and looked at the rumpled duvet on the bed. It seemed lumpy, so I whipped it back, expecting to find a girl hiding in there. No girl.

Sawyer stood there in a daze. Did he not remember sending me those messages last night? Apparently not.

I yelled, "Where is she?!"

"Aubrey, calm down. As you can see, there's no girl in this room."

"Who the f**k is downstairs? Who's that?"

"I don't know. There's someone downstairs?"

I heard the laugh again, on the other side of the wall, and then a door opened and closed. Beyond the doorway to Sawyer's bedroom, a girl ran past, toward the stairs. She was a blonde, and not wearing much more than the other girl I'd seen downstairs.

Slowly and carefully, I said, "Who all lives here? Just you and one other guy?"

"Yeah." He looked cagey, and he kept turning to face me, as if he didn't want me to see his back.

"What's on your back?"

"Huh?"

I stepped forward and slapped him on the chest with both hands. "Don't play stupid. Do you have scratches on your back from some f**king slut? A girl just ran down the stairs, and there's another girl in the kitchen, so you just try and tell me how stupid you think I am."

He held his hands out, the hint of a weird smile on his face. "Aubrey, I don't know what to say. Obviously you're going to believe what you want to believe."

"Right. I see how this goes. I'm the crazy one. I'm paranoid. You have to break up with me because obviously I'm the ONE WITH ISSUES!"

He moved his head, and his expression changed, looking more confused, but still he didn't say anything.

I wanted to hit him so bad, but I just shoved him out of my way as I went for the door. "Fuck your stupid, arty tattoos and f**k you."

Down the stairs I went, and right out the door. I wasn't getting away fast enough, so I started to jog.

I heard my name. Sawyer was coming after me.

I started to run, tears streaming down my cheeks as I gasped for breath.

My sandals kept tripping me up, slowing me down. I hit the end of the block and turned left, onto the pavement.

A car screeched to a halt, inches from my legs.

Sobbing and hysterical, I kept running, even as the driver got out and called after me, asking if I needed help.

I got to the end of the next block, and I kept running, feeling like I might collapse from pain. My legs were weak and starting to buckle again, just like they had back at the house. I leaned forward to catch my breath, and the ground rushed up at me.

Tattooed arms caught me. Sawyer, still bare-chested, wearing jeans but no shoes, pulled me into him.

Chapter Twenty-Four

I screamed and swore at him, beating his chest and slapping his face. How dare he make me hope, make me happy for a moment, only to take everything away. He was just like all the rest. Using me.

His mouth was on my mouth, kissing me to silence, his hands behind my head.

I reached my arms around his shoulders and felt myself being picked up, being cradled in his arms.

"Stop running," he murmured.

I could barely breathe, choking on my grief.

"You're the only girl I want. Even though you burst into my room and beat me up. I'm sorry I didn't give you the answers you wanted, but you looked like you were going to murder someone and I thought it might be me."

He was walking with me in his arms, and we came to a tall, stone fence. He stopped there, propping me up on the edge of the fence, the stone cool and solid under my butt. I couldn't let go of Sawyer, or at least my arms wouldn't.

"Hush now, it's okay," he murmured.

"I thought you f**ked that girl."

"I didn't."

I whispered, "I'm sorry I didn't trust you."

His hands were moving now, free to run up and down my back now that I was seated on the stone fence. His touch felt grounding and good.

He kissed my neck, which felt even better than his hands. I moaned, my tears stopping, and leaned my head back. There was a tree over my head, so green and peaceful. We weren't on a main street, but in an alley, between garages and back yards of houses.

He kept kissing me, his mouth like fire on my skin.

"Who were those girls?" I asked.

He pulled back and grinned at me. "I can't blame you for not believing me. If I hadn't seen it last night with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it either, but my roommate... he was making out with both of those girls last night. They were joking around about having a threesome, and then they all went into his room, and by the sound of it, they really did."

"The skinny guy?"

Sawyer stared down into my eyes, as if he was admiring something he loved. "Yeah. Strange but true. I'd never dream of making up that big of a lie, but it's the truth."

He moved in and kissed me some more.

I pushed him back just enough so I could move my one leg, so that I wasn't sitting side-saddle on the fence, but had my legs parted with him between them.

He moved back in, pushing the hem of my skirt up with his hands on the tops of my thighs.

"You're wearing a dress," he said. "Just like a girl."

His touch and words made me shiver, even though I wasn't cold.

"You're so beautiful," he said.

I stared up into his bottom-of-the-sea green eyes and felt myself being swept away.

"Sawyer, I believe you, and not just because I want to, but because... because you're Sawyer. You're so cute, and so good to me, and patient, and oh-my-god you look so good with your shirt off. And the way you're looking at me right now, you're killing me. Look at me, I can barely breathe. I feel like my lungs and my heart are going to crush themselves with excitement, so would you stop looking at me like that and just kiss me again before I die."

"Only if you take off your panties."

I gasped. We were in a quiet residential alley, but we were still outdoors. Plenty of windows in houses were all around.

He licked his lips. "Fine. I'll take them off."

He reached up under my dress and shifted me from one side to the other as he pulled down my cotton underwear. He tucked my panties in his back pocket, and then he moved in again to kiss me. I leaned back and nearly fell off the stone fence, but he caught me with one arm behind my back. His other arm moved in between my legs.

I gasped as his fingers slipped into me, and he pressed his mouth against mine, sucking my pleasurable moans into himself.

His fingers moved lightly, up and down, tracing my contours and spreading waves of ecstasy through my body, like rolling thunder.

"I need you," he moaned.

He moved his lips to my cheeks, drawing away the salt and sensation of my tears, erasing my pain. Then he licked my neck and nibbled on my ear, his fingers still circling near the center of me.

I reached forward with my hand and found his cock, tall and stiff inside his jeans. I unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans, and he shuddered as I reached down into his boxer shorts and wrapped my fingers around his shaft.

He moaned in my ear, "I need you, right now. You smell incredible and you taste so good." He licked my neck again.

I still had my purse on my shoulder-my giant purse that was always packed for the needs of the day. He'd left the box of condoms at my house, and I'd thrown a few in my purse. I dug in with my free hand and found that wonderful little square with the squishy circle inside.

He took the packet from my hand, and a moment later, he was ready and the head was massaging me vertically, rolling up and down over my nub and making me gasp with each stroke. I was so close to coming, so close.

I looked up at the green leaves above my head, feeling the dappled sun on my face. Sawyer kissed my throat and took one step closer to me, plunging inside. His hands moved down to my ass, and he buried himself in me. I cried out in pleasure as he went deeper and harder into me. I kissed his neck and cheeks and mouth, quietly urging him to keep going, to fill me up.

His breathing became ragged, his movements steady and forceful. I dug my fingers into his back and bit down on his shoulder as I came, blissfully quaking.

He paused for just a second, and then he held me tight and released into me, lifting me off the stone fence completely as my legs wrapped around him.

We were together, completely.

Finally, he placed me back down on the ledge and withdrew, kissing me tenderly as he did.

With a nervous chuckle, he looked left and right as he pulled his boxers and jeans up from his ankles. I didn't see anyone, and it seemed nobody but the birds in the tree above us were witnesses.

The rubber was still wrapped tight around his cock, a pocket of white at the tip. He turned, embarrassed, and dealt with that, disappearing up the alley to find a garbage can.

When he came back, looking so cute and embarrassed in nothing but a pair of jeans, sweat glistening on his chest and shoulders, he said, "You look so hot on that fence, with your cheeks all pink. That's how you should always look."

I held out my hand and whispered, "Can I have my panties back?"

He tilted his head to the side. "Nope. You're making me hard again, just thinking about you walking around without any underwear." He sidled up to me, slipping his hand between my legs again. "Plus this way I can touch you." His fingertips stroked me again, and I felt myself swelling under his sweet touch again. "Let's go back to my house so I can take my time. I'm going to lick you right here." He swirled his fingers on my cl*t to illustrate, then tilted up my chin and kissed me deeply, swirling his tongue at the same time.

I moaned again, falling under his spell, my body limply pressed against his.

I could have sat there in that alley, under the tree with the dappled light, and kissed him for hours. Something creaked, like a nearby window opening, and I pushed Sawyer away.

"Let's go somewhere more private," I said.

He looked like he didn't want to wait, but then we heard the sound of a patio door being opened, and he got moving. I skipped ahead, feeling like a marionette, my body loose and my head giddy.

I waited for him to catch up with me, then reached up and fluffed his wavy dark hair. "You still have bedhead."

He rolled his eyes up and moaned playfully, "Oh, baby, you give a hot scalp massage. Don't stop. Don't ever stop... massaging my scalp."

He put his arm loosely around my shoulders, and I kept rubbing his scalp, enjoying the funny faces and sounds he made.

We got to the house, which was eerily quiet, the music turned off.

Inside, we found three very concerned-looking people, most of them dressed. I was formally introduced to Spanky, the skinny roommate with red hair that was short on top and long in the back. I met the girls, named Charity and Gwen. Gwen was the dark-haired, timid girl I'd met in the kitchen.

Charity, who wore a red bra under a white shirt and looked like a skank, shook my hand and said, "Sawyer told me all about you, Aubrey. He's quite the guy. You better hold onto him."

Spanky pretended to be jealous and smacked her on the butt.

I didn't like the way Charity glowed when she talked about Sawyer, or the words she was saying, but I tried to push jealous thoughts from my mind. Sawyer had been given the choice, and he chose me. I was the one holding his hand.

The five of us ate some breakfast together. I didn't think I was hungry, but as soon as the first bite went into my mouth, I discovered I was ravenous.

We ate in the living room, since they had a pool table where a dining room would go. Sawyer placed his hand on my lap, his fingers between my knees, and he casually moved his hand up, up, toward... where I was not wearing any panties.

He still hadn't put on a shirt, and the sight and smell of his skin was turning me on like crazy. I could barely finish my pancake, because I wanted him again. We'd had full-on sex twice since we'd met, and it had been fast as well as amazing, but now I wanted to take my time, the way you eat a really delicious dessert.

Finally, he turned to me and said, "Would you like to come upstairs and have a look at that art piece I was telling you about?"

"Oh, I guess," I said coolly.

We dropped off our plates in the kitchen and I followed Sawyer's sexy ass up the stairs, getting more nervous with each step. He was so perfect, even his back was gorgeous. I started to get worried about him seeing my body and its imperfections.

An old worry surfaced, one I'd almost forgotten about in all the excitement. What if he could tell I'd never had a kid? There were no stretch marks on my stomach, and what if he'd been with a woman who'd had a baby before, and he could just tell by how it felt down there? Would I look up at him while we were being intimate and see his expression change, see distrust creep up on his face?

I got more and more worried about everything, and being in his room brought back the vivid memory of me freaking out. We stood at the foot of his bed, and he took my hands and kissed me, but even that didn't calm me down.

"What's wrong?" He shifted back, his dark eyebrows pulling together with concern.

I moved my shoulders forward in a gesture I hoped was cute. "Nervous."

"Don't be. We'll get used to each other. I just need to see you more. What are you doing tomorrow?"

"I'm busy." He was pushing me again, asking for more. The room was spinning, and my legs didn't feel so stable, so I stepped back and took a seat on the bed.

He said, "Are you blowing me off? Is this it for us? I see you once a week at most?"

"This is the second time I've seen you this week."

"No, it's Sunday. This is a new week."

"Sawyer, let's not fight."

"We don't have to fight. Just say you want to see me. Say you'll do whatever it takes to see me more than twice a week. You barely live ten blocks from me, so it's not like distance is a factor."

"Bell's having a tough time in school."

"She's a kid! School's tough. Let me try to help. I can help with homework. What grade is she in?"

He let out an exasperated sigh and started pacing the room, looking like he might punch the wall.

"Sawyer, can't we just take this slow?" My voice was trembling. He was angry at me, and my heart was breaking.

He went to the long wall in the room, across from the window, and tugged at a blanket that was hanging across something on the wall. The blanket pulled down to reveal an enormous canvas that must have just barely fit in through the door. On the canvas was a black and white drawing, like one of the drawings in his sketch book, but grander and busier.

The scene was a pond, with lily pads and frogs, giant round leaves, cattails, and a girl. The girl floated on her back in the water with her arms stretched over her head in almost a ballet pose, but more natural.

She was nude, her br**sts round and relaxed as she bathed in the sun. Her dark, wavy hair fanned out in swirls, blending into the nature around her, never ending but becoming the pond itself.

My own eyes stared back at me.

Sawyer seemed calmer now, no longer pacing like he might punch the wall.

He held his hands up over the br**sts of the painting. "The restaurant has asked for some leaves to swirl up around here, to give her a modesty bikini. I swear, I didn't set out to draw her naked, but when I tried to do a G-rated version, she didn't speak to me." His voice got really soft. "My beautiful muse wouldn't speak to me until I let her be free."

I looked down and realized I was holding my arms crossed over my chest, as if I was the one exposed, and wasn't I?

Sawyer joined me sitting on the bed. "Say something. You're killing me, as usual. Tell me you hate it, and you don't really want me in your life. Just say it, so I can start getting over you."

The tears that had been flowing earlier returned. I clenched my jaw to fight them, but Sawyer saw them in my eyes, and his expression scrunched up in worry.

"I'll prime the canvas," he said. "I'll start from scratch, and I'll give the restaurant the kind of cheesy thing they want, a copy of a famous work of art. Not anything original. People don't want to have to feel things when they look at art, and this piece is too beautiful to be somewhere, unappreciated."

He jumped up and darted to his closet, grabbing a plastic bottle and popping up the lid. He picked up a palm-sized brush from the top of his dresser and squeezed white paint onto it.

"No!" I got to my feet and flung myself between him and the canvas. "Don't you dare ruin your art."

He looked like he was in pain. "I don't know what to do, Aubrey. I have no idea what I'm doing with my life. If someone tells me not to do something, that's the only thing I want to do. I start things and never finish them. Everything in my life is part-time. I'm a part-time artist, and I work at a restaurant part-time, and now I've got this beautiful girl in my life, and she only wants to see me part-time. What am I supposed to do? I've been waiting for a sign to tell me how to fully live my life, how to give myself completely to something greater than myself, and the only thing I can think about is you."

The paintbrush was still dangerously close to the canvas, so I gripped his wrist with my hand to make sure he didn't ruin the painting. His muscles were tense, his skin hot, and compared to me he was impossibly strong.

We stood face to face, me with my back to the canvas, my body in front of the drawn body. Sawyer's eyes flashed at me, tinged with red and brighter green than ever. He looked like a dragon.

"Aubrey, how can I give myself to you? What do you need so you can know this is real? I'll move out of this house, I'll move somewhere better. I know your daughter comes first, and that's how it should be. I haven't even met her, and I already care about her so much, because she's a part of you. So, I've been thinking about the future. I could take a job with my father's company. Enough of this starving artist's lifestyle. It's not nearly as much fun as I thought it would be. My life is no fun at all without you in it."

He moved his arm, shifting the brush so the paint was almost kissing the canvas.

"Aubrey, say something. Do something. If we're going to be together, it has to be all the way."

"She's not my daughter."

He moved his other arm up, his hand landing on the canvas on the other side of me, so his body was caging me in against the wall. "Explain."

Chapter Twenty-Five

Sawyer said, "What do you mean she's not your daughter? Who is she?"

The tears welled up in my eyes, but didn't spill over.

I tried to speak, but my voice was raspy and weak.

Finally, I squeaked out, "She's my little sister. She's seven and I'm only twenty-one. I'm sorry I lied to you, but I don't exactly have legal custody of her, and it's better for people not to know."

He seemed angry, spit flying from his mouth as he practically yelled, "And you thought I would tell your secrets to people?"

"I wanted to tell you."

Blinking, he stepped back. "That's your big secret?"

I looked down, unable to meet his eyes. "There's more, but I like you too much to tell you."

"You can tell me everything."

I didn't answer, and in the quiet, I heard the people downstairs laughing, and smelled the pot smoke floating up. Everything felt real and unreal, and too sharp.

"Sawyer, can we just take it one day at a time? You can meet her. She's actually doing okay, considering all the moving around we've done. I think we've finally found our forever-home here, with our family, where we belong."

Still mindful of the paint-laden brush in one hand, he wrapped his other arm around my back and pulled me to him. "You belong with me. I knew from the moment I saw you, and I've never had a second of doubt. Be with me and I'll prove myself worthy of your love."

Love? "Okay."

He tossed the paint brush aside, on top of some rumpled clothes on the ground.

"The paint," I said.

"I don't care. I need to have you and I won't wait." He picked me up and carried me to the bed, my legs wrapping around him. We fell against the mattress, his body heavy on mine. He murmured near my ear, "I'm going to know all your secrets from now on, starting with the taste of you." His hand nudged between my legs, his fingers finding me bare.

I fumbled with the belt that was over my dress, and then got it undone and helped him pull the dress off over my head. He unfastened my bra and pulled it away, so I was completely naked, lying beneath him.

He tipped his head and raked his gaze over me, seeing everything. He looked over his shoulder at the na**d girl on the painting and nodded. "She'll never be as perfect as you, but I see a few small improvements I can make to the drawing."

I whispered, "It's a beautiful painting. Nobody's ever drawn me before. I didn't know what it felt like until now."

"To be someone's inspiration?"

The tears returned, and this time they wouldn't hold back.

I whispered, "To be seen."

"I see you," he said, kissing my hand. "I see you, Aubrey."

The skin of his chest was hot against me, and I reached for his hardness, still in his jeans.

He groaned and pulled back from me.

"Hang on," he said. "Don't go anywhere. I'll be back in two shakes of a lamb's tail."

He ran out the door and down the stairs. I stared at his beautiful drawing, but then I had to turn away, before I got all emotional again.

Sawyer came bounding in the door, one hand behind his back with something.

"What are you up to?" I asked warily.

"Close your eyes."

I closed my eyes and rested my forearm over my face for good measure.

Something cool touched my chest, between my br**sts.

"What is that?" Something smelled sweet. "Honey?"

I heard his jeans rustling as he removed them, then he positioned his body between my legs and began to lick in a line straight up my stomach.

"Mm," he said. "Real maple syrup."

I giggled. "You're kidding."

"We call this The Canadian, don'cha-know, eh?"

"You just made that up."

"I was inspired." He moved his hot lips closer to my throat, then took a detour over to my nipple, which he rounded with the tip of his tongue before sucking.

I moaned and squirmed beneath him, but he wouldn't let me get away.

He murmured, "Am I your part-time lover?"

"Yes."

He frowned and gently bit my nipple. "Am I your part-time lover?" he asked again. "Or your full-time lover?"

"Oh. No, you're my full-time lover."

"Good. You can open your eyes now," he said.

I pulled my arm off my face and wrapped it around his smooth, muscular shoulder. My eyes didn't want to open, though. I kept them shut and enjoyed the sensation of him sucking my nipple. The feeling was like a static charge, through my body, connecting my br**sts with every part of me and him.

He kissed my throat and then started the journey down, down the center of my body, licking and sucking and gently biting as he went.

When he reached my navel, I shuddered with anticipation of his mouth on me.

Slow, gentle sweeps of his lips and tongue.

Down he went, and he was kissing me. His tongue parted me and drove itself in, flicking up at the top and making me shudder. His hands were still on me, rubbing my torso along the sides and then moving down to cup my bu**ocks, squeezing me firmly as he devoured me.

My back arched as I drove the back of my head into the bed, moaning in sweet joy as the sensation radiated out from Sawyer's touch.

He murmured into my flesh, "I want to taste you every day, and know all your secrets."

My breath fluttered in my chest as I circled the edge of orgasm.

I gasped, "Anything."

"Come for me."

I reached down and ran my fingers through his hair, then guided him up a fraction of an inch. Not far at all, but it made all the difference.

"Right there," I murmured.

He licked my cl*t with a new ferocity that set me on fire and curled my toes.

Between licks, he said, "I see you, Aubrey, and I feel you. I've found you, and I'll never let you go."

I angled my h*ps up and made a sound of encouragement.

He licked again, harder, and slipped his fingers inside me at the same time, hooking his fingertips and catching me from the inside.

I gasped under his touch and came with a sudden strength I didn't know I had. This orgasm slammed into me and shook me. The intensity scared me. Sawyer scared me. I went inside myself to escape, and found no darkness, only white light and love.

When I surfaced, he'd opened a foil packet and was pushing inside me. He slid in with the pulses of my orgasm and my pleasure intensified. I wrapped my arms around his back and held him tight to me.

He stroked in and out with urgency, breathing heavily. I clung to him with my upper body, and found purchase with my feet so I could push my h*ps up to meet his.

His c**k was thick and hard inside me, pushing deeper than anyone had ever been, and still I wanted more.

His breathing ragged, he said, "You feel so good. I'm so deep inside you, and it's unbelievable. You're so hot, and you make me crazy."

He pulled out suddenly and grabbed me to flip me over. On my knees, I grabbed onto a pillow, hugging it to my chest, my bu**ocks up in the air. My eyes closed, I waited for his c**k to slip back inside me, but he was doing something else.

I looked over my shoulder to see Sawyer grinning, the maple syrup back in his hand.

"Don't look," he said.

"I can't look!" I buried my face in the pillow, both horrified and delighted as he drizzled syrup across my bu**ocks and along my private areas. Then he started licking me, from the bottom to the top and everywhere in between. The licking felt so intense and incredible, I could hardly breathe. I just moaned into my pillow.

I was wet, swollen, and aching for him to fill me when I felt the tip of his c**k against my opening again.

He murmured, "You want that?"

"Mm-hmm." I kept my face buried in the pillow.

He slapped my bu**ocks playfully. "Sorry, did you say something?"

I popped my head up briefly. "Give it to me."

I heard him breathe in deeply and hold his breath, letting out a little gasp as he slid in.

My swollen, super-sensitive flesh hugged him tightly, gripping him. He pushed in further, and firecrackers of pleasure went off behind my eyelids. Then he was in all the way, impaling me with heat.

He stroked in and out, both hands on my hips, and then one hand moved, circling around to my cl*t once more. He dragged his finger across my engorged clit, and I started to come once more, hugging the pillow tight to my chest.

He groaned and picked up the pace, pumping me hard, driving into me as he circled my clit. His c**k pulsed inside me, and I heard his pleasure groaning out through his gritted teeth, like he was trying to stay quiet, but couldn't.

I took all his pleasure inside me and exploded in orgasm.

More light and goodness.

We were on the surface of the moon.

Gravity returned, and both of us collapsed on the bed, me on my stomach and him on top of me.

He groaned again and twitched once more, then he gently bit my shoulder from behind.

"Aftershock," he said.

I squeezed my muscles around him and he pulsed inside me again, both of us trembling together.

After a moment, he carefully withdrew and pulled away to his side, then quickly threw his leg over me, as if to prevent me from escaping.

We lay there, catching our breath.

"You're sticky," he said.

"Someone put maple syrup on me."

"Who would do such a thing?"

I huddled my arms under my chest and turned my head so we were facing each other. His green eyes weren't looking fierce anymore, but relaxed, like a calm body of water after a storm.

"My boyfriend," I said.

His smile spread in slow-motion, lighting up his whole face, and my heart, too.

"Boyfriend," he whispered.

Chapter Twenty-Six

SAWYER JONES

So, I was boyfriend material. Full-time. Officially.

When I woke up Sunday morning to the sound of someone banging on my bedroom door, I thought for a moment the house was being raided by the cops. Because that was the kind of living situation I was in, apparently.

Then Aubrey came in, looking all flustered and adorable. Spanky must have let her in. I wanted to kiss her, but she was so angry. I'd never seen a woman that angry.

Still fuzzy from dreaming, my brain shot into panic mode, where thinking was difficult.

Aubrey kept saying I'd slept with another girl.

Even though she'd found me alone in my room, she thought I'd banged some chick, then locked my door again after sending the girl to the kitchen. Or something. Why would I deadbolt my door? It made no sense. She was hysterical. I made the mistake of nearly laughing over how ridiculous it was, and she damn near reached into my chest to pull out my beating heart.

Off she ran.

And I thought about letting her go. Without her seeing me, my life didn't seem so shitty, didn't need to change. I could keep living my life, sharing a crap house with a drug dealer and partying all the time.

I heard the front door slam, and instantly I saw myself for the idiot I was. I pulled on my jeans, but skipped the shoes, because she was getting away. The love of my life was getting away. The further she got from me, the more I knew.

When I caught her, outside, running headlong into an alley, she was hysterical. Spitting mad. And sexy as hell.

I couldn't take my hands off her. Up was down and down was up, and then we were at it like two alley cats. I lost my mind. Nothing that happened the rest of that day was sane.

Back up in my room, I poured my heart out, but she didn't laugh in my face. She didn't tell me I was "too intense," or "moving too fast," or "freaking her out."

When I finally pressed her, Aubrey admitted that she wanted everything I had to offer.

She wanted me.

Part of me wanted to run away, terrified, but her pale gray eyes, calm as the moon, held me fast.

Stay, her eyes said.

Stay.

So we stayed in bed all day, and I made love to her every way I could imagine, and she couldn't get enough of me. Outside my bedroom walls, people were going to work, and living, and dying, and none of that mattered, because Aubrey and I were the whole world.

I knew that no matter what happened next for us, I'd never look at maple syrup the same way, and I'd never let her run away from me again.

Our beautiful Sunday together ended at dinner time, with Aubrey running off to be home for when her daughter returned. Wait, not her daughter-her sister.

I offered to give her a ride, but she said, "I'd rather walk and get the fresh air and exercise."

We were standing on my porch, kissing goodbye, and I grabbed her ass, which felt close to na**d under the thin fabric of her dress.

"Exercise? Girl, did I not put you through your paces today?"

She gave me a coy look instead of an answer. With just a few flicks of her eyelashes, my c**k stirred from its slumber, not content with the amount of abuse that had been heaped on it already that day.

I pulled her to me and kissed her again, hoping she'd invite me to come over to her place that night. Maybe after the little girl went to bed. I could be real quiet, if I had to.

But no, she pulled away and left.

I didn't want her to walk away, but at least the view was good.

On Monday, I wanted to see Aubrey during the day, but I had to go to my father's office and talk to him about my entire life, my prospects, my future. You know, just a little chat.

So that ordeal lasted until two o'clock, and then there was no time to get back and see Aubrey. It was the first downside to my new career, but I hoped the money and stability would eventually make up for such sacrifices.

I texted her to ask if I could meet her little sister that night, but she asked for more time.

Time? Did I have time? I didn't feel like I did. I had something to give Aubrey, and it was a throbbing, messy thing.

My heart.

What did you think I was going to say?

I wanted to feel her legs wrap around me, and I wanted to write her a f**king poem. That was love, right? I'd never felt anything like it before. I wanted to breathe her in like oxygen, and be there when she woke.

She didn't want to introduce me to Bell on Monday, or on Tuesday.

What had been the point in quitting the restaurant and trying to get my life in order if I couldn't have my Aubrey?

Doubts plagued me. I was making the right decisions for the wrong reasons... or maybe everything was wrong.

At ten o'clock Tuesday, I got on my bike and went for one last ride. I had an appointment Wednesday to show the bike to someone who'd emailed me from the Craigslist posting, and then there'd be no more rides.

You can legally take a seven-year-old kid on a motorbike, but I didn't want to.

The night was hot, so hot that sitting at traffic lights made me sweat, even though it was long past sunset.

I found myself out in front of Aubrey's building. Her light was on. I took off my helmet and phoned her number.

"Sawyer?" At the same time she said my name, her form appeared in the window high above me.

"How'd you do that? How'd you know I was here?" I waved up to her shadow.

She waved back. "I come to the window and check every time you call, since that first time. I didn't like that, when you hung up and rode away. It made me sad."

"So, what are you going to do? I don't want to ride away."

"I could invite you up."

"That's definitely an option. Sounds like something people would do. Is your little girl gone to bed?"

There was a pause. "I'll come down and let you in, so you don't buzz the intercom."

I ran to the door and waited, irrationally thinking she wasn't going to come down, but would leave me standing there like a sucker all night.

She finally appeared, wearing a pair of flannel pajama pants and a tank top, no bra.

She let me in, and we started kissing as soon as we hit the stairwell. She grabbed my crotch and I got hard so fast it hurt, and I had to pull away to adjust myself, which amused her. Women are always amused by the old bent-cock-in-the-tight-jeans trick.

"You have to be very quiet," she said.

"I can be quiet, but you make these little noises." I imitated her pleasure sounds, much to her horror. She beat me about the chest until I stopped.

We got into her apartment, and she didn't make any pretense about making me a drink or any nonsense. It takes a special kind of woman to admit she likes sex. The kind of woman you hang onto if you ever find her. It really helped that her eyes widened with delight every time she saw my cock.

We tip-toed into her bedroom and closed the door, then she turned on her clock radio to the oldies station.

"Hot," I said.

She waved her hands around her bedroom, which was practically empty except for the bed. I was already planning a custom drawing for the long wall, over the headboard. Definitely frogs and lily pads. Maybe a scene in the moonlight.

"What are you thinking about?" she asked, her voice soft and low.

"How you look like a goddess, even in those strange pants."

Her face crinkled, and I knew I'd said the right thing.

I continued, "And I want to worship you. Let me take off these mortal fabrics and see you in your true splendor."

She pretended to roll her eyes, but I could tell she was enjoying herself. Her ni**les were firm and poking out from her tank top, and the room was not cold.

I lifted the shirt off over her head and knelt before her. I kissed along her stomach and then up to her br**sts, which were now the perfect height for me to enjoy with my mouth. As I sucked on her nipple, she seemed to melt and pool like hot lava, into my mouth.

My hands moved on instinct, pulling down her flannel pants and her cotton underwear, until she was completely naked.

I was still fully clothed, which was the only way I could make myself wait and resist plunging into her.

I trailed my tongue down under her belly button and then through the forest of her neatly-trimmed hair. I nudged my way down into her crease, savoring the scent and taste of her. She put her hands in my hair, combing her fingers around to the back of my head and urging me in. I was sitting with my butt on my heels now, and pushed one of her feet to the side to give me better access.

In I went, tongue first, kissing her salty skin. I felt that lovely bud swelling on command under the tip of my tongue, and I kept up, desperately sucking her flesh against my lips.

She moaned, unleashing my hunger to devour her. There's no sex quite like sex with a girl you can't get enough of. It's like a drug that makes you think everything will be all right. The sun goes down, the lights go out, and you lose yourself in that sweet peach.

She pulled away, leaving me reaching for her. Her face coy, she scurried to the opposite side of the bed and patted the spot next to her. I started to move forward, but she said, "Clothes off."

I was undressed in a flash, my excitement quite evident by my rock-hard erection.

"On your back," she said.

"Are you the boss tonight?"

"Why don't you lay back and find out?"

Aubrey hovered over me, her hair falling around our faces as she kissed me. She pulled back, like she had something to tell me, but then she sighed and kissed me again instead.

Her hair tickled my face and then my chest as she worked her way down, sucking on my ni**les the exact way I'd sucked on hers. I didn't know what this was supposed to do, besides make my c**k even harder, but it felt good. Her mouth on any part of me felt good.

Then her hot mouth was around my cock, applying sweet, agonizing pressure. I wanted friction and she gave me softness, like a flower petal. I tried to stop thinking about the agenda-the agenda of coming as soon as possible-and thought instead of her gently licking my c**k as a special thing unto itself, and not an action leading to a result.

Heaven.

I found heaven, full of clouds and sunshine, with every lick.

My sack pulled up tight, and the chain reaction started without warning.

"I'm coming," I whispered.

"Mmmmmmmm," she moaned, as in yes, you are. Come here. Come now. Come as you are.

I scrunched my face and flexed my legs, trying to drag out the moment, to let it last forever and ever and ever.

She was hungry for me, though. As insatiable for me as I was for her. She gripped my c**k irresistibly tight at the base and shoved me into her mouth, so deep and amazing. Plus she was humming. Mmmmm. Into me.

Looking down, I saw her perfect face, so focused, and her gorgeous lips around me.

I fell apart, my muscles clenching and letting go, everything beyond my control.

I fell apart and she pulled me into her, thirsty for more, draining me.

Sated, I let out a long sigh and took a normal breath.

Suddenly, worry and regret set in. I whispered, "Was I too loud? I'm sorry, I hope I didn't wake her."

She climbed up alongside me and nestled in against my arm. "You were quiet as a mouse."

I flexed my stomach as she ran her hand over my skin. How were girls' hands so smooth and nice? Her touch was like being massaged by a goddess. A goddess I was going to go wild on, just as soon as I caught my breath.

My plans for the second round didn't exactly pan out, though. The room was dark, quiet, and warm. I had a gorgeous girl snuggled up next to me.

I closed my eyes to enjoy the perfect moment, and when my eyes opened again, the room was bright with morning sun.

The covers were over us, and Aubrey had her back to me. I snuggled up to her, my nose in Aubrey's dark hair, breathing in her scent.

I got the feeling I was being watched, so I turned back slowly and found a little girl standing next to the bed. She had pale eyes, more blue and less gray than Aubrey's, and her hair was much lighter.

Pulling the covers even higher over myself, I remained still. "Hello there. You must be Bell. My name is Sawyer and I'm a friend of your mother's."

I wasn't sure what the protocol was, so I moved to offer her my hand to shake.

In slow motion, her mouth dropped open and she began to scream.

The sound turned my guts to water, instantly.

Aubrey jumped up, and to my relief she had her tank top and pants on. That meant I wasn't there by accident, or so I hoped.

In a flurry of motion, she scooped up the little girl and got her out of the bedroom, closing the door behind her.

Alone in the room, I wrestled off the bed covers and got myself clothed as quickly as I could.

So much for meeting Bell under a calm, controlled situation and not emotionally scarring the kid for life. Part of me wanted to laugh, but the other part of me felt like a disgusting low-life bastard. I had the motorcycle out front, scary tattoos all over my arms, and I was the jerk here. Poor kid.

I stood at the door, listening as they talked. It didn't sound great, but at least she wasn't screaming anymore.

Should I leave the bedroom? Stay there until they left for school and then slip away like a ghost?

The TV came on in the living room, and a moment later, Aubrey let herself back into the bedroom.

"She's okay," she said, pushing me back toward the bed.

"I'm so sorry. This isn't how I wanted this to go." I shoved my hands into my jeans pockets, wishing I could go back in time and not fall asleep like a big, stupid lug.

"Listen, I wanted you to stay because I couldn't let you leave before I tell you something."

Her face was somber, and her tone made me break out in a cold sweat.

I sat on the bed and she joined me.

"You can tell me anything," I said.

"This isn't like... like I put your portrait in my drawing without asking. Sawyer, this is truly awful, and I want you to know that if you don't like me anymore, that's okay, but please, can you promise you won't tell anyone?"

I took her hand and squeezed her soft fingers, so tiny and fragile in my banged-up hand.

"Aubrey, just try me. I can take a lot. You'd be surprised."

"The reason I have Bell is because my mother was a lousy parent. She left us."

"Okay. Well, you stepped up and took responsibility. That makes you a good person."

"She left us with a dead body. Her boyfriend, Derek. We were living at his house, with him, just the four of us. I found him in the kitchen. Blood everywhere. There was a knife, and I guess someone stabbed him with it, because there were these cuts in his shirt. A lot of them."

I stared straight ahead at her closet door, no idea what to say.

She continued, "I heard a noise down the hallway, and I thought for sure whoever killed Derek was going to kill me next. I picked up the knife and went down the hall. Bell was there, rubbing her eyes, just up from her nap. I grabbed her and held her so tight, and I knew right then, that out of all the people in the world, she was the one I cared about. I'd do anything for her."

Her hand was still in mine, damp with sweat. Aubrey's words felt heavy in the room.

"I don't understand. So you mother's in prison?"

"No, I don't think so. I check the internet at the library for her name every so often, and from what I can tell they never found who killed him."

"But you're sure it was her? I'm sorry to say this, but couldn't they both have been killed?"

She shook her head. "My mother's things were gone. Not just her purse and her jewelry, but some of her clothes, and her suitcase, and her car. I waited for her a while, thinking she'd come back for Bell, if not for me. I never saw her again."

"What an awful experience for you. I can't even imagine. We've had some drama with my family, but nothing like that."

"There's more."

"You don't have to tell me if you don't want to."

Her face has an odd expression, like she was looking at something a thousand miles away.

She continued, "Even after all the shitty things she'd done, I still had some loyalty to my mother. She didn't come back that night or the next morning. So I packed up what few things we could fit in a vehicle, and I made Bell go wait in the chicken shed. I dragged Derek's body into my bedroom, where there was the most amount of wood, and I set the trailer on fire."

The room got even heavier than I'd imagined possible as I thought of Aubrey dragging a body around, and setting a fire.

"I took Derek's car, the one that barely ran, and Bell and I drove away from town with the fire at our backs. I thought for sure we'd only make it a few weeks before they caught up with us, but I hoped my mother would turn herself in. I was only seventeen, and I hoped to buy some time. I didn't want to get put in foster care, but more than that, I didn't want Bell to get put in the system."

"And how old did you say you are now?"

"Twenty-one."

"Why haven't you gotten that all sorted out, then? Gotten custody of her, officially?"

She turned to me, her face drawn and pale. "I'm scared. What if they think I killed him? Derek and I didn't exactly get along. Plus I burned down the crime scene. At the time, I thought I could blame that on my mother as well, but that was just stupid." She shook her head, frowning. "I was such a stupid, f**king naive kid."

"You were young. I can't say I wouldn't have done the same thing."

She turned away, her face and her shoulders. "I can understand if you don't want to be with a liar, but please promise you won't tell anyone."

"I'm not going anywhere, and I won't tell anyone. But maybe you should talk to a lawyer."

She let out an exasperated sigh. "With what money?"

"I don't know. We'll think of something. You've told me everything, right? That's the whole story?"

I reached out and touched her chin, drawing her face toward me.

She pursed her lips and stared at me a long time, her face unreadable. I started to worry she was going to say something a thousand times worse, like that she'd done worse than steal the car of a dead man and burn his body in a house fire.

Her voice flat, she said, "That's everything."

"What time is school?"

She blinked, seeming confused.

I turned back and located the alarm clock. It was just past eight o'clock in the morning.

"It's ten after eight," I said. "What time do we need to get Bell to school?"

"Nine."

"Then I guess we should get her some breakfast, right? Should I come out of the bedroom and try to introduce myself again, or do you want me to wait in here until after you're gone?"

"I don't know."

"My shoes are out there, so how about I come out, and if she's upset, I'll just grab my shoes and head for the door."

She put her face in her hands. "I thought I'd feel better after I told you the truth, but now everything's twice as bad."

I gently pulled her hands away from her face. "Nothing's bad. I'm here with you. I'm on your side, and I won't let anything bad happen to you ever again. I wish I'd been there for you sooner, but I didn't even know you back then. I felt you, in my heart, but I didn't know you."

She collapsed in my arms, sobbing. "It's been so hard," she said.

I held her tight against me and kissed the top of her head. "I'm here now. I've got you. Everything's going to be all right."

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Aubrey and I got Bell off to school that morning, and she was only a few minutes late. She seemed wary of me, looking to Aubrey each time before she spoke to me, but by the time we got her to school, she was relaxed enough to give me a quick hug goodbye.

Over the next two months, I got to know Bell a little better.

I was patient, but persistent.

Aubrey let me come over almost every day.

I was careful not to be too affectionate with Aubrey in front of her little sister.

To my relief, I found that I really liked Bell.

She could drive you nuts sometimes with questions, but she was a good person.

Bell liked chocolate, but not white chocolate.

She had to get completely dressed before she could decide if she liked what she was wearing.

And she thought holding her body stiff as I bench-pressed her was the greatest thing that could happen to a person.

I found myself falling in love not with one girl, but with two.

When the three of us went out, people smiled at us and asked how old our daughter was.

"Seven," Aubrey and I would say at the same time. Seven was my new favorite number. I felt bad for allowing people to think she was my kid, but the world didn't need an explanation.

I was still living at the house with my roommate, at least until I saved up a bit more cash from my new job. The money was really good, and my savings account would be quite ample after a couple more months.

Working for my father was no picnic, but by August, he stepped back and let me take over managing the shop sometimes. It was just a few days a week, overseeing the thirty employees, but bringing our jobs in on time and on budget would go a long way to getting my father to have confidence in me.

My older brother was running a construction company and loving that, so I was all my father had, and he knew it.

Things were finally coming together in my life, and I felt like a fool for the way I'd been living for the last few years. How had the difficult path become the one that seemed so right? I could still make my art, only now there was no pressure to always be taking new commissions. I could draw for the love of drawing, when I felt like it, because a steady paycheck would be coming from my real work.

Even my so-called real work had pleasure in it as well. I loved the smell of wood that permeated my clothes after a day at the shop. The workers were closer to my age than to my father's, and they didn't seem to pull as much crap on me, except for the new guys, but that's to be expected. As long as they weren't injuring themselves, that was the best I could hope for with some of the inexperienced guys.

Another reason I was still living with Spanky, besides it being cheap, was that I had plans to ask Aubrey and Bell to move in with me, or have me move in with them.

Even though it was fast, it felt right. I was spending three or more nights a week at their apartment as it was, and I figured my rent money could go toward that place, and Aubrey could cut her shifts at the bar. Getting to spend more time with my girlfriend was another benefit.

I planned to ask her that night at the barbecue, right after I gave her a real ring to replace the fake one she still wore to the bar. Not an engagement ring-we were moving fast, but not that fast-but a ring with a heart, and a tiny red stone. I was also going to tell her I loved her.

We'd both been stumbling around the word, but it was time for one of us to blink.

We were going to Bruce's for a big party on the Labor Day weekend, the first weekend in September, and I had a whole talk prepared about how we were so great together, like a team. She inspired me to be a better man, and all that stuff.

My hands were sweating on the steering wheel when I pulled the car up to her building. The bike wasn't sold yet, but I'd parked it at my parents' garage, and spent some savings on a little Toyota. The car was four years old, low mileage, and the least sexy vehicle I could stomach. I had a look at some minivans, but my pride couldn't take a minivan. There were three seatbelts in the back of the car, so I could easily take Bell and a couple of her friends anywhere.

Things were definitely looking up for ol' Sawyer Jones, so why did I feel like the ax was about to fall, and my heart was on the chopping block?

They came skipping out of the building, Bell leading the way in her purple leggings and pink skirt, her hair up in two pigtails. Aubrey had been so worried about introducing Bell to me, but Bell actually took to me way easier than Aubrey did.

My heart swelled with pride as I imagined watching Bell sing in Christmas pageants and then eventually graduate. By then, Aubrey and I would probably have another kid, and Bell would make such a great big sister. The new kid would have dark hair, and a girl would be cool, but a boy would probably be better so I wasn't completely outnumbered.

I got out of the car and came around to open the doors for my ladies.

Bell climbed in and Aubrey followed, both of them sitting in the back seat.

"Am I your chauffeur?" I shook my head, pretending to be overworked. "I do not get paid enough!"

As Bell giggled and got her seat belt on, I stole a kiss from Aubrey. When we weren't alone, the kisses always felt stolen, like she was embarrassed to be seen kissing me in public or even in front of Bell. That only made me want her kisses more.

Her hair smelled clean, and I lingered, unwilling to let go of her lips. Finally, she put her hands on my chest and shoved me out of the car.

"We're going to be late," she said.

"It's a barbecue, not a boat cruise. They won't leave without us."

She gave me her stern look, the one I'd seen her use on Bell. It was equally effective on me, and I stopped my goofing around and circled around the car to act as chauffeur.

The vehicle itself had a scent of fast food, as if the owner had used it to store crumpled paper bags and garbage from all the chains. When the air conditioning came on, I always got a craving for french fries.

We drove over to Bruce's house, and my mind floated around on the pleasant anticipation of grilled steaks and baked potatoes with all the fixings.

I rolled the car slowly up the street, looking for numbers. I'd worked for Bruce for about a year, and we were friendly, but I'd never been to his house. Now I was coming as a potential new family member. Life was funny, but sometimes things felt right. Like now.

I got out of the car and patted my pocket to make sure the ring was still there. The girls got out, but Aubrey seemed distracted. I knew she got stomach aches sometimes from worrying about money, so I asked if she was okay and she muttered that she was "just tired."

I patted the square lump in my pocket again and we started to cross the street to Bruce's house. Those delicious steaks were on my mind, and the ring, so when Aubrey tugged my hand and asked for the car keys, I didn't think much of it.

"What did you forget? Go on ahead, I'll run back to the car and get it for you."

She looked at me like I was the world's biggest idiot, and then she kissed me. Deeply. Right on the street in front of everyone.

"Sawyer," she said, breathless. "If you love me, give me your keys. Then turn around and go to Bruce's house like everything's normal and tell them Bell got a stomach ache."

"I don't understand." Was there a problem with Bell? No, she was busy, fascinated by some flowers blossoming along the edge of the sidewalk.

Aubrey kissed me again, then pulled back, her eyes pleading.

If I loved her, I'd give her my keys.

That's what she'd said.

I reached into my pocket, past the ring box, and grabbed the keys for the Toyota.

She took them from me.

"Aubrey?"

She hustled Bell back toward the car, saying they had to run home to get something they'd forgotten.

Bell said, "Mom, what did we forget?"

Aubrey glanced back at me over her shoulder, looking so fragile and beautiful and scared. She was trying to tell me something with her eyes, but I still didn't understand.

Then she got into the car and the two of them drove away.

That was when I realized that the other cars parked in front of Bruce's house weren't people coming to his barbecue. They were unmarked police cars, two of them.

I looked up to the front door of Bruce's house and saw two police officers, the RCMP, unmistakable with their yellow-hued stripes down the outer edges of their pants, standing on the porch.

The red tail lights blinked out of sight. Aubrey was already gone.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Bell was crying by the time we got back to the apartment in Sawyer's car.

Her cries tore at my heart until I was numb.

I wasn't thinking straight, just acting on instinct. The overwhelming urge to run.

Run.

Up in the apartment, I pulled the suitcases out from under the bed and started throwing things in. I needed time to think, and not the kind of time you have sitting in a holding cell, which was where I was so sure I was headed.

I could hear people down at the front door, loud male voices.

That was fast.

Had Uncle Bruce given them my address so easily? I didn't have time to feel betrayed. I yanked out the bottom drawer of the dresser in Bell's room and pulled off the cash I had taped to the bottom. We wouldn't get far, but I had a few options, including a women's shelter not far away. I had to pray Sawyer didn't report his car as stolen in the meantime.

My cell phone kept ringing and beeping, so I turned it off. I unplugged the intercom, and heard only the sound of Bell having her tantrum.

"Why can't we see Uncle Bruce?" she wailed. "I'm telling!"

Would the police be busting down my door any minute?

I stared at the packed bags. I'd been so stupid, settling down in one place. Now it was over.

I stood by the front door of the apartment and slid down to the floor, my back against the wall.

It was over.

The other times I ran away, I had nothing to leave behind. Now I had all these people who cared about me. Even Lana, with her ridiculous stories. What was the point in being alive if I couldn't be around all these people?

Time was ticking.

I should have grabbed the packed suitcase and dragged Bell out the door.

But I didn't.

I was twenty-one, and it was finally time to stop running and face whatever was in store for me. I wouldn't die. I'd tell the truth, and I'd beg for mercy.

I sat there, drifting in and out of what felt like sleep but offered no relief.

An hour or more passed.

Someone knocked on the door.

I was too weak to move.

"Aubrey?"

My heart leaped to my throat.

"It's Sawyer," he said. "Your neighbor let me in downstairs. You have to open the door."

"Are the police with you?"

"No."

In her room, Bell had long since stopped freaking out and fallen asleep in her clothes, at the foot of her bed. I heard her stirring now, awakened by Sawyer.

I got to my feet and pulled open the door, my whole body shaking. The look on Sawyer's face was not reassuring.

"What's happening?"

He looked past me, at the suitcases, and my heart broke for how hurt he looked.

"I have to tell you something," he said. "You should sit down."

Bell came out, rubbing her teary red eyes.

He went to her and picked her up, making his goofy weightlifter noises that she loved so much. I stood by the door, numb, as he calmly took her into the living room and got her set up with the TV, telling her he'd join her in five minutes to watch any show she wanted.

When he came back to me, I was still in the hallway, sitting cross-legged and staring at the wall.

"I'm not running," I said. "I can't leave you, and Uncle Bruce, and my grandparents. Even Natalie, who's the kind of woman I never imagined being friends with. Now I am, and... I can't go. But you have to help me. I need a lawyer, I think."

"You don't."

"I do, but I don't know how I'd pay for one anyway."

He whispered, so Bell didn't hear, "Your mother is dead."

"No."

"The RCMP were there to notify her next of kin, at her brother's house. That's why they were at Bruce's."

"They weren't coming to arrest me? Or extradite me?"

"No." He sat down across from me and stroked my foot as he stared at me with sad eyes.

I put my face in my hands. "What is happening? Why do they think my mother is dead?"

Sawyer had a piece of paper in his hands, folded in half. He stretched his arm out, handing it to me, but I wouldn't touch it. I wasn't accepting anything.

"There was a bus crash," he said. "In Colorado. Four people died, including the driver. Your mother was one of the passengers. They think she died instantly, upon impact."

I pulled my foot away, sickened by someone touching me while I heard this.

"It might not be her," I said. "They can't know for sure."

"Yes, they can. It was her, Aubrey."

I stared over his head, at a scratch on the white wall. How could she die when I still hated her so much?

"She had this note in her pocket," he said. "Not this actual paper. This is a fax, of course, but I'm sure they can send you the real note if you want."

"I don't want to read it."

"Of course you don't. But you have to."

From the other room, Bell laughed at something on her TV. How was I going to tell her?

He opened the note and put it on my lap, the printed side toward me.

It was in my mother's handwriting, which looked so much like mine, I thought for a minute maybe it was my own letter, one of the hundreds I'd written to her but torn up. But it wasn't.

Dear Aubrey and Annabell:

I'm so sorry that I had to go away.

I think about that day all the time. I tried to forget by drinking, but there was never enough in the bottle. I've been clean for the last six months, and I want to make amends to you both, but I don't think I'm ready.

I should pay for what I've done, but I'm not ready for that either.

Derek was not a good man, and I shouldn't have put you two in that home with him.

I came home that day and found him with my best friend, Angel. They were just having a drink together, and she said she came over looking for me, but I knew it wasn't true. I could see the lies on their faces.

After she left, me and Derek got into a few. He made me so mad. I think he wanted me to hurt him. That's no excuse, and I feel terrible for what I've done, but it happened in about a minute and then it was too late to take it back.

Bell, you were sleeping in your bed, and I kissed you goodbye before I left. Your eyelashes fluttered in your sleep, but you didn't see me go.

Aubrey, you had been at school, and I passed the bus on my way out of town. I saw you sitting near the back, your nose in a book. You didn't see me, but I waved. I'm sorry.

Aubrey, I knew that you would take care of your sister better than I ever could.

I think you both have been better off without me. That's what I have to believe so I can sleep at night.

You are in my heart and I will always love you both.

Deenah, your mother.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

DECEMBER

In this part of the country, December is dark and wet. There's very little snow to reflect the light during the day, so that makes it feel gloomy. At least the grass is green and lush from the rain.

In November, we had barely finished with the funeral arrangements for my mother and started the process of getting legal custody of Bell, when my landlord decided to kick me out.

This time, though, we didn't have to run like rats in the light.

Sawyer found a place for the three of us, and as soon as I walked in, I knew it was home.

There was a window over the kitchen sink, and fluffy birds and squirrels in the back yard, waging war over the birdseed.

It's a little house on a quiet street. Nothing fancy, but still better than my dreams.

Natalie and Dave sold their house, and they found a place just a few blocks over from where we live. I'm so relieved that Taylor won't be changing schools and leaving Bell. Those two are great for each other, not to mention what an amazing friend Natalie has become to me. She says she has a new perspective on life now that she has a friend who isn't so materialistic. She says strawberries taste better, even those pale ones you get in the dead of winter.

Natalie makes me laugh.

Lots of things make me laugh nowadays.

Grandpa Jack is doing well on his current medication. He's got a dark sense of humor, and makes jokes about not buying green bananas, but I think he's going to see Bell grow up and graduate.

My grandmother had a difficult time with my mother's death. Even though they'd not spoke for over twenty years, it was tough. We talk about her regularly, so I guess she's alive in our thoughts. Between the two of us, we both knew my mother her whole life, yet it seems like she lived two separate lives, because our versions of her are so different. When she talks about things my mother did as a teenager, I imagine her as more like me, just a young girl who fell for the wrong guy, like how I fell for Damion.

About a month after my mother passed, I was looking through my jewelry box and found a beaded bracelet she bought me at a carnival. And I actually got a good feeling from the memory. The anger is gone. If that's as good as it gets, that's fine by me.

She'd probably be happy to see how well Bell is doing, and how big she's getting. She'll be taller than a sunflower soon.

She's not too old to make forts in the living room, though.

Natalie gave us some of their furniture when they downsized, and now I have a cream sofa that I have to worry about keeping clean.

We still have our thrift-store sofa downstairs, and I swear it's more comfortable.

The ceiling is low in the basement, especially since Sawyer added that foam that looks like egg cartons, to make it better for band practice.

He's still working at his father's shop, where they make custom mill-work for fancy houses. They do everything from cabinets to tables and chairs to custom shelving, like those bookcases with the glass doors on them.

It's the kind of work where he's usually done at five o'clock and home by five-thirty.

He's home just in time that we can eat dinner before Bell gets cranky.

Sawyer is still making his art, but he's not taking commissions anymore. He just paints or draws what he feels like making, and if someone likes what he's made, he'll sell it or give it to them.

I'm the one who uses his paintbrushes the most. He got me started with a few pointers, and now I'm painting things. Just silly stuff, like flowers and fruit, but it's fun. There's no purpose to what I paint, no agenda, but it makes me happy. I can understand why there's such a thing as art therapy.

On Wednesday nights plus weekends, Sawyer turns into a rock star. Now he's the bass player in his friends' band, and the other guy is the spare. Sawyer sings backup on a few songs, and he's so cute when he's concentrating. He says he only forgets lyrics when I'm down there watching, but I've heard him forget plenty of times when I'm upstairs.

The first time he told me he loved me was right after we'd been to the RCMP detachment for me to make my sworn statement about what I'd seen in the trailer. I'd gotten a deal that they wouldn't press charges against me for my role in attempting to destroy evidence, as well as taking my sister over the border, but I still worried they'd haul me away on some technicality.

We'd sat in this awful room that reeked of disinfectant, and by comparison, giving my statement hadn't been that terrible. Not compared to the waiting.

It had been four years since Derek was killed, and imagining the sight of the body still shook me, but I could also look at it in a new way, like a picture that I was outside of. Detached. In a good way.

We walked out, and the sky was already getting dark, plus it was drizzling rain.

There was a Tim Horton's across the street, and Sawyer made a joke about cops and donuts.

"I could go for a donut," I said.

"You have the best ideas."

Bell was with her grandparents, and we had the rest of the evening free, so we crossed the road and got our sugar fix.

Sawyer pulled something out of his pocket and handed it to me.

As I opened the little box, he said, "Aubrey, I love you."

Without hesitation, I said, "I love you, too. What's this?"

He laughed. "That was easy. I wish I'd said it to you sooner."

I pulled the ring out of the box, admiring the heart and the gemstones.

"It's just a little token," he said.

"Nobody's ever given me a ring before."

"That explains why you look so confused." He took it from me and tried it on my fingers until we found one it fit. "I wanted to give this to you at the barbecue, but then you stole my car."

"Yeah, sorry about that."

His green eyes sparkled at me. "I forgive you. Just don't do it again."

I glanced over my shoulder, back to where we'd just come from.

The ordeal was nearly over. Bell's father, Terry, said he wasn't going to contest my application to adopt Bell, but he did want to see her some time, when she was ready.

I still hadn't explained to her about her mother, and I planned to wait until she was at least twelve. Natalie was going to put me in contact with a family counselor who could help me sort things out.

But for now, things were good. I had to keep reminding myself.

The shining ring on my finger would certainly go a long way to helping me remember.

We drove back to the house, and enjoyed some time together, just the two of us.

We made love in our shared bed, and as we held each other afterward, he traced his fingers all over my body, asking me, "Here? How about here?"

I'd wanted to surprise him, but I didn't like keeping anything from him, even something so small.

"Here," I said, pointing to the inside of my hip bone. "But can you make the frog look happier in the drawing?"

"Anything for you, my love," he said, and he kissed me on the inside of my hip bone, and then all over.

We didn't get out of bed for hours, and our lovemaking was all the sweeter with a ring on my finger.

Sawyer said it was just a little token, but it was more than that.

I didn't just have a ring with a heart on it. I had someone who loved me, and wanted me to know it. I had family and friends, and just like my finger had a band of gold around it, I felt like I had an aura of love and support around me.

And that wasn't just a little token. It was everything.

the end

