The Distal Future

Logan

Time waits for no one. Death comes in like a thief and binds your wrists. It fetters your feet, blinds and whips you before whisking off with your soul to the paradise of God. Death is ruthless in its endeavor as it rips you away from the planet-unremorseful as it gives all of your loved ones the finger. I cheated death, mostly. Rumor has it I'll come back one day. But, in the end, Candace was right, this halfway life that my soul lingers in, this delicate state of limbo between this realm and the next, has proved a special brand of torment.

They say every living soul has one true love-the trick is finding them, and then holding on. You can miss love by a mile if you're not careful. It can sneak up on you in the least likely places, a parking lot, a chance meeting at a party, a bowling alley.

My true love's heart lingers for me, although our paths have split for a time. They'll converge again, but for now, she belongs to another, and it hurts like all bloody hell. I didn't think it would. I didn't think it could. Then again I never think too deeply when Skyla is in the balance.

"Oliver!" Dudley cries out from the clearing near his property and points a good fifty feet away to the arrow he's just lodged in the eye of an oak. "Top that. I doubt you can."

That's Dudley for you, always quick with the dig, at least where I'm concerned.

He's lured me out here, claiming he has a gift for me. I happen to know for a fact that Dudley's idea of a gift doesn't quite match up to the English definition.

I pull an arrow from the quiver strapped to my back and take a few steps forward.

"I'll land it in the heart of the trunk, on top of yours," I shout over to him. "Try not to get your riding pants in a bunch, sweetheart." I fire one off, and it slips just past the tree, digging into the bushes.

Dudley barks out a laugh.

"You're a fool to even suggest that arrow would obey your nonsensical whims." He loads up and stretches his bow taut, but he's not aiming for the oak, he's aiming straight for me. "I'll get it over your head and give you a little trim off the top at the same time." He launches it like a missile, and, before I can duck, the wind whistles over my skull. That damn arrow nearly scalped me in the process.

"You're a piece of shit, Dudley." I pat my head for signs of blood before glancing at the glorified stick neatly planted in the trunk of a pine just shy of where I'm standing.

"The sentiment is mutual." He fires another shot back toward the oak. "You think about my offer?"

"No can do." Hell, yes, I thought about his offer, and there isn't a chance I'm going to let him utilize me as his lackey, especially not when it consists of me sidestepping Skyla. I'll leave the trickery to my nephew.

Skyla. A cloud of dread seeps over me just thinking about her. I never knew it would pain me to hold her in my heart, and, yet, that day has come-it's been here all along. All these months on the island-all the shit that's gone down with Gage, with the Steel Barricade, with Chloe and her constant scheming-it's all more than I can take. But I'd do it again and again for Skyla.

I wonder if she cares. I wonder if I should have left the planet entirely and never stuck around where I didn't truly belong. At the time, staying seemed like the right decision, but now, in the light of day, under the inspection of the circumstances, I question the very thing I swore to cherish, my time here on Paragon-my time with Skyla.

"Have you fallen asleep on your feet?" Dudley belches it out across the expanse, and his voice drones on in an echo, instable as water.

"Yes, I'm asleep." I yank an arrow from my quiver. "That's because you bore me to f**king tears." I stretch back my bow, with an arrow ready and willing to eat air, and turn slightly to my left, aiming straight for Dudley. I let go and watch as it glides across the field, right past his left shoulder. Figures. I shake my head in mock disappointment. "Missed."

"You're a bigger moron than you think." A fire churns in his eyes. His hands move quick as lightning.

A blur of a line travels my way, slicing through the air at an alarming, low trajectory. I try to jump out of the way, but it nails me right in the heart.

Dudley straightens with pride. "I, on the other hand, never miss."

My body lurches. I stagger back as a crimson stain blooms across my chest.

"You shot me," I say, disbelieving. God. He's going to f**k up my body.

I try extracting it, and a spear of pain shoots through my skull.

Dudley strides toward me a few feet before reloading. "The important thing to note about a Treble is your flesh doesn't quite have the ability to heal itself like it used to." He fires another one off in my direction and lodges it into my chest right next to the last. "Pity." He flexes a brief smile.

A jolt of pain rockets through me.

"Fuck." Now it's my voice echoing across the field.

Maybe this is it-his big gift. Maybe the Decision Council sensed I was bitching about my imperfect half-life and decided to renege on the offer. And now Dudley gets to maim me at his leisure, bury me in his backyard so he can piss on my grave every now and again just for kicks. Hell, maybe Gage will join him.

"I'm not going down without a fight." I pluck arrow after arrow out of my quiver and land six in the field, two in his gut. His crisp, white dress shirt darkens as a deep red liquid oozes out. "Looks to me, you bleed like the rest of us."

He glances down at his newfound wounds slightly amused.

"I don't take lightly to what you've done," he says it stern as a reprimand.

"Nor do I." My bow shakes as I stretch it taut with all my effort. I shoot another one off in his direction, aiming for that pompous mug of his, and son of a bitch-

Dudley lets out a strangled cry and staggers with an arrow through his eye.

The faint voice of a girl comes from the direction of the house, and Dudley holds up a hand as if to still me.

"Marshall?" she cries. Her voice carries high and light like a flute.

Skyla.

I take a step back and try to pluck the arrows from my chest, but they're lodged behind my ribs, and it hurts like shit. My chest tightens. It's getting hard to breathe as the world starts to fade.

"Marshall, where are you?" She shouts from just a couple feet away, and now the inevitable will happen. Skyla is about to see Dudley and me both in a serious state of disrepair.

"I'm in the clearing, love." He calls back with his voice smooth as silk.

I glance over.

He's already extracted the arrow from his eye, and is working the two out of his stomach. I reach down to do the same, and another hits me, creating an unholy trinity of overgrown darts-pinning my heart, caging it in with pain.

"Let this be a lesson." Dudley tips his chin up. His eyes are still intact-his dress shirt, crisp and clean, no worse for wear. "Don't ever think about turning on me."

Footsteps quicken in this direction, and Skyla illuminates the dark woods with her porcelain skin. Her eyes glow like quicksilver.

"Logan!" She stops at the foot of the forest, examining me, but she doesn't scream or run or flip Dudley the bird for inflicting such damage in the first place. Instead, Skyla smiles. She walks over slow with her eyes locked over mine as if the arrows, the blood dripping from my body at an accelerated rate-Dudley himself-were inconsequential in general. "It's me." She tilts her head as she steps up her gait.

"I can explain." I give a tug at my shirt, and she holds a finger to her lips never once taking those luminous eyes off mine. I shoot a look to Dudley because something, for sure, is the hell up.

Maybe this is Chloe in disguise. Maybe Dudley's big gift is for me to shack up in the Transfer with good old Bishop wearing Skyla's body like a bad Halloween costume.

"You're really here." She touches her hand to my face and looks at me in wonder. "And now, so am I."

"I think I need help." My breathing grows erratic. My chest is on fire. I'm pretty sure I need to start hitting the panic button and getting Candace Messenger on the red line because something akin to a celestial ambulance is going to be needed in just a few seconds.

"God, I love you," she whispers. Her eyes narrow in on me as if she were in pain. She places her cool hands over my cheeks and pulls me in.

Skyla hikes up on the balls of her feet and crashes her lips to mine. I don't fight it. I twist my arrow-riddled chest to the left and pull her in close as we indulge in a deep meaningful kiss with our tongues slipping over one another for what feels like hours-weeks.

My knees start to buckle, can't breathe. The world feels as if its spinning out of control, and I sink to the ground.

The last thing I see is Skyla's beautiful face-then Marshall's ugly mug as he stands over her shoulder.

"Your gift is here." He smirks down at me. "And should you have shown me an ounce of gratitude for all I've ever done for you, we wouldn't be witness to your demise." He kicks me in the thigh before heading toward the house.

Skyla drops to my side and gently slaps my cheek, begging me to stay awake. Her voice dances around me elusive and hard to grasp, like a butterfly.

The world fades in and out.

Get your mother, I try to tell her.

"Logan, wait!" she screams. "Logan, come back. Something big has happened, and it affects you and me."

Skyla stepped out of the forest with zero regard for the arrows lodged in my chest and kissed me. Something big had happened, and she wanted to share the news.

Tell me, Skyla, I want to know.

My eyes won't open, all sound fades from the world.

Skyla was my gift, and now I lose her twice.

Dudley is right. I'm a bigger moron than I thought.

Her lips sink over mine, soft as a summer breeze. Skyla's kisses are resuscitating my love-thirsty soul-her lingual affection is the exact brand of medicine I've needed all along.

Skyla is the cure for everything.

I've always known that.

And so has she.

Prologue

Skyla

They say God is often found in the coincidences-that the devil is in the details. This is the season of my life where both sing true. It's the coincidences that place the right people beside you. It's the most insignificant details that can bring you to your knees.

Together my love and I walk hand in hand down life's thorny trail, only to find a stone set in our path-immovable, insurmountably heavy-far too much for us to bear.

It's almost tragic that we pass through one struggle only to believe we're in the clear-that life will be full of sunshine and roses. For a brief moment we forget that the sun so often hides like a coward in our world-that the roses are laden with knife-sharp thorns. Somewhere in the desperation, all hope is lost, and all you have left to hang onto is the irony. You savor it-let it rust in your mouth like old pennies.

This is the springtime of our lives where the black magic roses bloom, blood red and dangerous. Their thorns weave around my lover and me, caging us in, carving their wickedness into our flesh. But we cannot give up on our love-no matter how painful-we cannot let go of who we thought we were. It's heartless to deny yourself the love of your life-a ruby red sin to even try.

Perhaps God and the devil are best found locked in the irony-one a distorted reflection of the other. After all, God can weave the thorns of life into a crown of glory-while the devil does his best to press them in.

My lover and I had stepped into a fire so long ago without ever knowing.

We were set ablaze with unquenchable flames.

Our love burns bright and wild-beautiful as God-sinister as the devil.

Evil had swallowed us whole. We were damned from the start.

Where would our help come from-the silent sea-the searing sun?

It would come from the secret place that lives inside us-the deepest chamber of our hearts.

Our love set the world on fire.

Unapologetically we watch it burn.

This is the genesis of who we are.

This is the twisted beginning.

1

In the Beginning

Skyla

Present Day

They say when you're sleeping is when you really live. Deep in your subconscious all of your carnal desires play out, dark and sultry, in the theater of your mind. Some people are lucky enough to control their dreams, navigate them in the direction they wish to travel and enjoy adventure after adventure, have an entirely different life from sundown to sun up, if they wanted. Other people don't remember their dreams. They drift off to sleep and rouse from their slumber without any record of their nocturnal wanderings. As for me, I can neither control my dreams nor forget them. Lately they've been rather thematic-one naughty Sector and me, the tumbling of our flesh, the tug and pull of limbs and teeth-the steady sound of skin slapping over skin-the hearty grunts, our cataclysmic screams pollute the night air with their fornicating howls.

The sand of Paragon's salty shore warms my feet as I wait for him to find me.

The shadow of a man strides toward me, fully dressed in a suit, that sexy snarl permanently set to his face.

"There you are," I say, waving as he comes my way. Marshall is tall and stately-comely to the point of nausea. And each night, I need his body covering mine more than I need air to breathe. "You're a little overdressed for the beach aren't you?"

"What-and deprive you the pleasure of undressing me?" He hooks his sultry eyes into mine.

"You know me all too well."

He dips his chin and stares into me with demonic intent. "Inside and out."

"I wouldn't want it any other way." I pull him in by the waist. "Besides, I love it that you know me inside and out-especially the inside part."

His chest thumps into mine. His lip twitches. "What year are we headed off to?"

He asks that very question every single night.

There always seems to be a light drive involved, and other than having steaming hot sex with Marshall, that's the only other constant. Time travel and nonstop hookups-it would figure this was Marshall's M.O.

"We're headed back to Clara." I pinch at my red bikini. "But I thought we could have some fun first. Just you and me under Big Yellow." I nod up at the sun.

Big Yellow? I want to reach into my own dream and strangle myself for being so ridiculous. And who's this Clara chick?

"I'm all for fun." Marshall lands his hot mouth over mine, and not one sensation is lost on me, everything is alive, heightened, the scent of his cologne balanced by the natural musk of his skin. His tongue roams over mine, quick and lithe as a serpent. I try to drink this moment down as I work off his clothes, fast and furious as if they were about to combust into flames.

Here's the thing. I like these dreams. As much as I hate myself for having them on a loop, I find myself still heady from his kisses when I wake up in the morning. My body aches to have him thrust inside me. All. Day. Long. And I find myself having to catch my breath when I remember how it feels as he brings me to the zenith of my existence.

Marshall pulls off my bathing suit bottom nice and slow. He flips my top up with far less fanfare and reaches down and sucks my nipple with wild abandon.

I tackle him to the sand and wrench him from his boxers, thick and hard. He turns me over, and I take his weight, groaning with pleasure as his chest crushes against mine. My body writhes under his. My legs flex over his back while I beg him to impale me with his Sector eminence.

Marshall leans up on his elbows, a demonic smile building on his lips.

"You, my love, are everything I knew you could be. A vixen of the ages."

He's said that last sentence during a couple of our nighttime bump and grind sessions, and this realization startles me. It's as if somewhere buried in his words is a riddle, or, at least, a red bloody flag.

"Fuck me." I have no shame in this nighttime world. This whorish vixen I morph into routinely barks out orders, and he, of course, is more than willing to comply.

"Language, Ms. Messenger." Marshall plunges both his tongue and his penis into me simultaneously, and a choking sound gags from my throat as I struggle to take his kisses and his thrusts. He pushes in time and time again. His fingers reach down and find me until I'm ready to hyperventilate, to pop right out of my body with the buoyancy he's instilled in me. Forget what Brielle once told me about the bodily "sneeze." This is an all-out orgasm building with hurricane force-Marshall and I are splitting atoms with our bodies-getting ready to detonate to the moon.

He pushes in harsh and greedy, and I dig my fingers into his back while begging for more. I want everything Marshall is willing to give me, and then that will never be enough.

His breathing pulsates loud in my ear as he growls and grinds without inhibition.

"Harder," I command, and he covers my mouth once again with his. I soak in that fine vibration his body gives off as the pleasure builds inside me. It's as if no one else exists in the universe-it's just Marshall and me.

"Skyla!"

I jolt upright, shaking my tiny twin bed like an earthquake as the canopy overhead wobbles back and forth.

I give several blinks to find my mother at the door, her red hair set in rollers at the tips.

"Wakey, wakey! I made chocolate chip pancakes just the way you like. Get out of bed, sweetheart." She presses out a forlorn smile while tilting into me. "I can't believe it's my baby's first day of college. You must be so excited. I bet you couldn't catch a decent wink of sleep last night."

"Yeah, I had an indecent night all right." A memory of Marshall's viral assault sweeps through me like a nuclear heat wave. "I'll be down in a sec. I think I'll throw myself in the shower real quick."

I cut a glance out the window. Paragon twists and quivers in the icy breeze as the forest of evergreens tower into the dismal grey sky.

"Everything okay?" Mom bears into me as if she's onto the fact I just committed a dirty nighttime romp with my favorite naughty Sector.

"Everything's perfect." I wave as she closes the door.

More like perfectly perverted. I'm having hot sex with my high school math teacher in my dreams, and in real life I've yet to land on second base with my boyfriend.

I head for the shower.

Something tells me I'll be confronting a hypersexual Sector later today and questioning him on his nocturnal wanderings. I have a feeling I know where he parks his penis these days between the hours of eleven and seven.

Well, f**k me.

That's exactly what Marshall's been doing.

Downstairs the scent of burnt toast permeates the air, and the sound of a baby screaming starts my head pounding. I don't remember ever getting as many headaches as I have since my little sister, Mystery-aka, Misty, was born a couple of months ago. She cries nonstop. Her voice has the magic ability to travel through wood, and drywall, and steel, and no matter how many freaking pillows I pile over my head, I can still hear her hunting me down with her knife-sharp octaves. The only thing that keeps her quiet is my mother shoving a mammary gland in her face.

The house fills with silence just as I step into the family room. Mom is at the dining room table with her boob tucked in Misty's content little mouth while baby Beau, my stepbrother's one-year-old, who she sort of kidnapped as her own, sits next to her in a highchair. My stepfather, Tad, sits at the end of the table with his nose buried in his laptop. I'm not sure if he could pick any of us out of a lineup, he's always off in his own crazy world. Tad is nothing but a big ball of human frustration. Actually, he's a Count. Technically, there's not a human in this house. We're all descendants of the Nephilim which makes us part human, part angelic being, and if you include Tad, part idiot.

Mia and Melissa sit huddled at the other end of the table.

"Look at you." Mia growls it out as I head for the coffeemaker. I peer over at my sister and marvel at the fact she looks more and more like a carbon copy of me with each passing day. Well, if I were a ninth grader, pounding at the gate to be let into West Paragon High.

Melissa is Tad's daughter and my sister by proxy. Tad also brought Drake and Ethan into the fractured-family mix. Drake is eighteen, like me, and has managed to spawn children with both Emily Morgan and Brielle Johnson in his short lifespan. But Ethan, well, he's sort of been a bit of a mystery ever since he appeared in our family after a rather lengthy absence. Up until a little over a year ago everyone presumed he was homeless and dead by de facto. I think he's a year older.

"What about me, Mia?" I ask, pulling the creamer from the fridge.

"You look way too conservative. I thought you'd look way hotter since it's your first day at Host." Mia rakes her eyes over me, up and down, as if I'm about to unleash a fashion felony on unsuspecting coeds.

"Yeah." Melissa snarks. Her widow's peak looks far more pronounced this morning. Her eyes narrow in on me, dark and hollow, and for a minute my heart skips a beat because she's just managed to scare the shit out of me. "Are you going to hang out with a bunch of college kids or head up a Young Republican's meetings?"

The two of them break out in cackles as I inspect my brown cords, my navy sweater and pearls.

"Crap, you're right," I mutter. "But it matters not because I don't want to skank out on the first day. I want get there and see how all the other girls dress, and if it's a totally casual environment, I'll bust out the Daisy Duke's and flip flops."

"Oh, Skyla." Mom rolls her eyes, and it's only then I notice she's unleashed her other boob as baby Beau pecks his mouth in her direction.

She faux breastfed him in the past, and it was twelve kinds of freaky. In a way I'm glad Misty was born and saved the day because ever since she's arrived, my mother put away the plastic pouch she had duct taped to her body. It's like she lives to nourish people through her boobs.

"By the way..." Mom scoops Beau into her lap, and he latches on-and holy hell, she's nursing them both now. Good God, I have seen it all.

Melissa screams, pointing at Mom's breasty malfeasance, and Mia joins in on the howl-fest as if a snake were wrapping itself around her neck.

"That is so freaking gross!" Melissa looks as if she's ready to overturn the table.

"Where are these pancakes I was promised?" I bark it out in an effort to revert everyone's attention from my mother's boobs. If she's in such a nurturing mood, I think she should at least point me to the carb carnival she promised. And once she does, I fully plan on taking them to go. Leaving is the only logical way out of this lactating Landon hell.

"In here, and they were delish." Tad rubs his belly, unremorseful to the fact he just ate my breakfast. "Get used to having no food because if you chain yourself to that linebacker, he'll eat every damn thing in the house."

I avert my eyes. For Tad's information, I do plan on chaining myself to that linebacker. Gage already has my heart, now all that's left to do is gift him the rest of me. Besides, Gage is all the food I need, and I can't wait to feast off his body.

I feel bad that Tad dislikes Gage so much, but as much as he can't stand him, Gage's mother can't stand me. Last week, Gage bought me flowers, and Emma got wind of it. Emma wasn't merely seeing innocent flowers being exchanged as a small token of her son's affection, she was seeing innocent lilies morphing into a dozen vaginas and penises. This was a sex trade of the highest order. The closer Gage gets to my pants, the sweeter he seems to be. To Emma, flowers and candy are simply orgasms in the making. Even if it is true, it's none of her damn business.

Mom shakes her head. "Sorry about breakfast. I burnt them," she mouths. "And girls, really?" She shoots an irate look to Mia and Melissa as if she's ready to rip them a new one. "Someday, when you have your own children, you'll understand the importance of giving them quality one on one time. If you don't like what you see, I suggest you look the other way."

"Yeah, well"-Melissa snarks, pushing her chair back-"I won't be feeding body parts to my children or anybody else's. Put him down, or I'll call the police! He's not even yours. You're probably going to give him some tropical titty disease and kill him."

"Sounds like you girls need a lesson in milk maids." Mom fumes as if her idea to school my sisters on boobs-for-hire is enough to quell the threat of social services.

"We'll pass." Mia gets up and comes over while Melissa flies upstairs. "What time do you think you'll be home?" She wrinkles her nose, and my stomach pinches because I happen to have a habit of doing exactly that when something bothers me.

"I don't know, why? Is something wrong?"

"Just wanted to see if we could, you know"-she shrugs-"talk."

Talk? I happen to know for a fact Mia got her period when she was eleven because my mother ranted for weeks about the "damn hormones in chickens," and, being we're past the menstrual phase of our relationship, I'm not really sure what there is to talk about.

"Yeah sure. I'll knock on your door as soon as I get in."

She cuts a look toward the stairs. "I was thinking maybe we could grab some coffee. Just me and you."

"Got it." I give a solemn nod. I bet she's got some serious as shit news to tell me about the She-Landon. Turns out, little sweet Melissa is destined to try and take down Celestra. Well, either her or Misty. But after all the trouble, the battles, the f**king war I went through, I'm not about to let that happen. Not to mention the fact it was that very war that cost Logan his life-Chloe killed him. Chloe Bishop was a vindictive bitch that harnessed all her energy into killing those I love, starting with my father and ending with Logan. But my celestial mother and I somehow managed to banish her after the war. All of those mangled memories cork to the surface, and I suppress them for now. I pray that high school was the last time our paths cross. Chloe works best as a memory long forgotten.

Logan floats back to the forefront of my mind. A grievous heartbreak washes over me as I struggle to push him down for a little while longer. If I go there, I'll sink, and I'll never make it through my first day of school let alone out the door this morning.

I glance back at Mia. Whatever it is she wants to tell me, she wants to keep from Melissa. Nevertheless, I plan on keeping things real tight between Melissa and me for the next several decades. Now that I'm the overseer of the factions, it's my responsibility to do just that.

I brush Mia's hair back with my fingers. "How about we head over to the Gas Lab?" Nev mentioned he had something new to show me, so that ought to kill two birds with one stone. I give a private smile because Nevermore actually used to be a bird.

"Great!" Mia gives me a spontaneous hug. "Text you later."

"Where are you off to today?" I know for a fact West Paragon doesn't go back to school until next week.

"Cheer." She makes a face. "The new cheer coach is a real bitch."

"Who's the new cheer coach? Is it Emily?" I shout as she hauls ass up the stairs.

"Chloe Bishop."

What? Emily mentioned something about being an assistant coach, but I don't remember her saying anything about Chloe. A visual of Em's psychotic birthing experience sails through my mind. Emily and Drake had a baby girl a few weeks back, and I happened to be there to witness the bloody event. There was bona fide screaming, head spinning, and green vomit. I witnessed firsthand as Emily Morgan's body cracked in half, and all kinds of spare parts came rushing out, thus sponsoring my new and secret decision to never have kids.

Anyway, I seriously doubt Ezrina is teaching cheer. She's more of a shearleader due to her unnatural obsession with all things sharp and pointy. Ezrina was gifted Chloe Bishop's earthly form and vice versa, although Chloe managed to still look like her idiotic self.

I head back to my coffee and bump into Mom and her oh-so-cute nipple accessory, Misty.

"Hey you." I touch my sister's soft little cheek. She's plumping up nicely. She's always so damn peaceful when she's suckling away, but in a sad, sick way, it's the only time I'm really able to enjoy her. "She's going to be a knockout." I brush my fingers through her thick black hair. Swear to God, I've never seen such a mop on an infant before. Not that I've seen many babies, but Beau over there has nothing more than a few red feathers up top.

"I know, right?" Mom is quick to agree. "With all that thick, gorgeous hair, those cobalt blue eyes-she's a real beauty queen in the making."

"That's funny, that's exactly how I describe Gage's eyes-cobalt."

"It's the perfect color, don't you think?" She blinks over at me, and an unsettled feeling washes through me, like a bird just crapped on my shoulder, and I can't figure out where. Tad has brown-ish eyes, and Mom has pale bluish-green eyes. I wonder what the odds of having a tiny Gage knockoff are? Not that Gage would even glance in my mother's direction, but, still, this child is suspiciously gorgeous. I look around the corner at Tad and his bloated frame still hunched over his laptop. His hair is sort of multi-colored-that is, what little he has left.

"What color hair do you think Tad has?" I wince over at him. He's pasty and sort of overall sickly looking, but, otherwise, he's in perfectly good health.

She peers at him from over my shoulder. "I'd say, salt and pepper."

I make a face. Just the thought of associating Tad with table condiments makes my stomach turn. I may never season my food again without imagining Tad's greasy hair all over my plate.

"I think he's brindle."

"Skyla." Mom rolls her eyes while bouncing both the baby and her boobs. "That's a word you use to describe dogs, not people."

I hold my tongue. Sometimes she makes putting Tad down all too easy.

Baby Beau waddles up and latches onto her leg.

"Well, I'd better take off and get to the Olivers. Gage awaits." I turn to head out the door, and she plucks me back by the elbow.

"If you see Professor Dudley, let him know I'm really excited about our little project. Tell him I'm working on a special plan just for him." She says that last part extra slow.

Crap. Mom and Marshall teaming up for a "special plan" sounds like a natural disaster in the making.

"I won't be seeing him. In the event you forgot, I'm no longer at West." Mom has had a serious case of baby brain ever since Misty decided to go nocturnal. "And he's not a Professor. He's just a teacher." A rather hot, distractingly good-looking teacher who I'm sure will work all the incoming junior and senior girls into a tizzy. It was impossible to get any real work done in his class.

Mom claps her hand over her mouth, and her eyes round out like a couple of yo-yos. "Oh, that's right," she says in that bad acting kind of way as if she's merely playing along with my insanity. "I'll speak to him myself when I get a chance." She winks.

"So what's the special plan?"

"It's for his Halloween party. It's going to be to die for." She nudges me in the shoulder, proud of her play on words.

"Halloween at Dudley's, huh?" Since I'm technically his spirit wife, of course, I'll be there. "All I have to say is thank God it's not at Demetri's again." Mom helped plan that disaster, too.

"I wish you'd get over your differences."

"Our differences? He killed, Daddy."

The baby fusses, and she does a quick nipple switch without so much as acknowledging the felony her Fem-a-licious boy toy is responsible for. Demetri and Mom go way back, and he still has a thing for her. The feeling is mutual, but she'll never admit it. I detest him with a heated passion. Demetri is the devil. Well, not really. He's a Fem, some kind of created monster akin to a Sector. Marshall happens to be a Sector, but every single one of those are hotter-than-hell looking. Nevertheless, they're both hybrid angelic beings.

"I really enjoyed helping Demetri with his party last year." She gets that faraway look in her eye as if she's reliving each of the ways she helped him.

"I bet you did. You spent all of September and October locked at the hip with that dark-haired cretin." I suck in a breath while doing some quick procreative math. September is exactly nine months from June. Demetri has hair as black as midnight. He's a Fem, so who the hell knows what color eyeballs he's sporting today. Fems can shape shift with the best of them.

Mom steadies her hand over my arm. "Are you okay? You look like you've just seen a ghost."

I glance down at Misty as her lips curl in a half-smile while giving my mother a toothless bite right over the nipple. Her little eye twitches, then the left one closes and opens, and swear to God that child just-

"She winked!" Mom marvels. "I swear she just winked at you, Skyla." Mom coos into her little bundle of questionable Fem joy. "Isn't she the sweetest?"

She's something.

Holy crap.

I step away from the two of them, slowly picking up my backpack off the floor without looking.

"Have a great first day at school!" Mom waves as I speed out the door. "Have lots of fun! Take life by the horns, and make it give you what you want!"

"Oh, I will," I shout back as I shut the door behind me.

I bet she had lots of fun right around this time last year. I bet she took a Fem by the horn and made him give her exactly what she wanted-a baby.

I jump into the Mustang and burn rubber all the way to my favorite Levatio's house.

Only Gage can wash away the image of my mother and Demetri going at it.

Speaking of going at it.

Maybe it's time Gage and I did just that.

Gage

Sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty.

My back pinches as my elbows give way to the pain, landing me face first into the hardwood floor of my bedroom.

So much for hitting a hundred push-ups before breakfast.

Shit.

I sit up and twist my neck from side to side. It's been killing me for the past few weeks ever since I was blindsided with that tackle. And I'm still plenty pissed at the idiot who thought it was a good idea to put me in a chokehold while my body was still twisting on the ground.

First game is next Friday against Washington, and I'd better get my act together. I'm so stiff, my head might snap off with one good hit.

I catch my face in the mirror as I swipe a pair of boxers from the dresser. Every now and again, when I catch my reflection just right, I think I'm seeing that idiot from the Ephemeral Academy-Wesley. That he's somehow appeared in my room, and I'm going to have to kick the shit out of him for trespassing, but it's not him. The whole thing still doesn't sit well with me. The fact there's another person on the planet wearing my face, makes me more than a little uneasy. If I was anyone else, hell, if I were one hundred percent human, I might think it was just some freaky coincidence. But I know better, there's no such thing as a coincidence, and I want to know why the hell Wesley Parker-Paxton-is haunting the other side of the country with my face.

I hit the shower and get dressed before heading downstairs. Skyla texted and said she was on her way, so I expect to see her when I hit the bottom of the stairs, but there's no sign of her yet-just Mom and Dad in the kitchen. Someone else is missing, too, and my heart sinks a little. Even though it's been months, I still can't get used to the house without Logan in it. He said he wouldn't be back until Skyla and I had a chance to establish ourselves as a couple, but, the truth is, we've been too busy grieving his sorry ass to even think of cementing our relationship. I think I'm ready, though. I'm craving Skyla both in and out of my wet dreams. It's gotten so bad, I'm downright shaking around her.

"Morning." It comes out a little grumpier than anticipated. Going to bed at three in the morning will do that to a person.

"Good morning!" They sing back in unison, my mother from the stove while working on the world's tallest tower of pancakes, and my father from the table, neatly tucked behind his newspaper. I think he's reading the last edition. Then again I say that every morning about the paper relic.

"Another rough night of sleep?" Dad's dark-framed glasses slide to the tip of his nose. He's already in his business attire, his hair neatly combed back for another day at the morgue. He's owned and operated the Paragon Mortuary and Cemetery since I was an infant.

"You guessed it." I plop into a chair just as Mom sets down a glass of fresh squeezed O.J. She's been pampering me a little more than usual since Logan left. We're all ready for him to come back. Each day we seem to grieve him a little bit more.

"Why don't you see that chiropractor I've been telling you about?" Mom moves the pancakes to the table along with the butter and syrup at lightning speed. She has her auburn hair pulled back, tight in a bun. She over-dyed it a strange magenta shade last month, and since then she's been every variation of pumpkin trying to correct it. "His son is at the preschool, and every mother on this island has been faking an injury just to be near him." Mom runs the biggest daycare center on the island and is in the know about every family in attendance. "He may be quite the looker, but, apparently, he's also very good at what he does." She leans toward the window and squints. "What's she doing here?"

She is most likely Skyla. Mom seems to be a little uneasy around her because she thinks we're going at it, hot and heavy, in our free time, but nothing could be further from the truth.

I hop up and open the door for her.

"Hey, you!" Skyla jumps up and wraps herself around me, easy as twine, and my neck tweaks. I hold back the groan that's begging to rip out of my chest. I'll take all the pain my neck wants to give so long as I can have Skyla's body over mine.

"Look at you." I pull back and take her in head to toe. Her blonde hair is pulled back in a ponytail. She's dressed a little more sophisticated than I'm used to, and my balls wrench because, holy hell, they approve. "You look hot."

"I do not."

"You do." I sink a kiss over her lips. "You've got that whole sexy librarian thing going on."

"Librarian?" A mild look of panic crosses her face.

"Have I ever told you, I've always had a thing for librarians?"

"Well, in that case." She bats her lashes, and my dick gets ready to wag in her direction. "It looks like I dressed to impress the right person." She bites down on a smile before crashing her lips over mine.

"Skyla is that you?" Mom sings from behind, and we part ways as if kissing were illegal in all fifty states. And I have a feeling it would be if my mother had anything to say about it. "Did you need something?" Her eyes round out. "I thought Gage was picking you up? We were in the middle of breakfast."

"Oh, I'm so sorry." Skyla brings her fingers to her lips. "That was rude of me to just invite myself over like that. I didn't mean to-"

"Stop," I say just above a whisper. "You never need an invitation." I press a quick kiss over her lips to assure her of just that. "Come in. I'll share my pancakes with you."

Skyla and I head to the table while Mom lands another plate in front of us with a notable clatter.

"Hi, Dr. O." Skyla smiles sweetly over at him. "So where's, Giselle?" She looks around as if my sister might be in the kitchen somewhere.

"She sleeps until noon." Mom gives a disapproving look to Dad. "She's out until all hours of the night with that Harrison boy." She says Harrison like it's a dirty word. And, knowing Ellis, it probably is. He and my sister have had a "thing" for the last few months. I'm watching that douche. One wrong move and I'll rip his balls off. Ellis is a pretty cool guy, but, in truth, I liked him a little more when he was just some stoner who lives across the street and wasn't interested in my sister.

Dad straightens his paper. "She has another week until school starts. No use in cracking down during her final week of summer."

It's weird knowing that Giselle, who was technically dead up until this year, will be attending West Paragon, and here Skyla and I just graduated. I miss those high school days already. I miss a lot of things-people. Of course, the world thinks my sister is Emerson Kragger because that's the body Skyla was able to gift her, but, between family and friends, she's still Giselle. She's been splitting her time between here and the Kraggers. At first it was to keep up the act with Arson Kragger, Emerson's father, but, in truth, I'm thinking Giselle likes the freedom she has there. Mom can be a bit overbearing at times.

"So tell me, Skyla"-Mom starts while plating my father a stack three high-"Gage says you're commuting to Host. Are you comfortable with that?"

"Oh, yes." Skyla nods. "Mom and Tad could never afford to get me a dorm, and I don't mind taking the ferry one bit."

Mom is a little miffed because I decided to forgo the dorm for the first couple weeks to help Skyla get into the swing of things.

Mom leans in. "Please assure my son that you are a grown woman, and you don't need him holding your hand on the way to school each day. It's the twenty-first century for God's sake, and a strong girl such as yourself is fully capable of taking the ferry each way without getting lost in the process."

"I don't mind." I cut a hard look to Mom that says this conversation ends right here. Crap. She's going to make Skyla feel bad, and it's the last thing I want.

"You're right," Skyla nods over to Mom while reaching for my hand under the table. "It is the twenty-first century. But, in all honesty, I sort of like Gage holding my hand." She gives my fingers a squeeze. "And if that's wrong"-she tilts into me-"I don't want to be right."

Dad smiles peaceably over at the two of us while Mom's eyes widen like saucers.

Good job. I rub my thumb over her palm. It's kind of nice knowing that Skyla can hear my thoughts when we touch, or, more to the point, when I take down the wall and let her in-I almost always do. As for me, I've got the wrong bloodlines to pull off anything short of telepathy, not one trace of Celestra. My Levatio standing affords me speed, strength, teleportation, levitation, and, my favorite-the gift of knowing. Although at times that last one has been more of a curse than a blessing.

"I think it's chivalrous of you to be with her during this time of transition." Dad gives an approving nod. "When do you think you'll be back?" His mood shifts to something a little more serious, which usually means there's something he needs me to take care of.

"Six, seven? I don't know. We've got books to buy, and I've got practice." Not to mention the fact I plan on taking Skyla out for a nice dinner. I think it's time we come into our own once again. At the least, I want to talk to her about how she's doing. I know losing Logan was hard on Skyla. As tough as it was on me, I think she had it a little bit worse.

"Stop by the morgue some time this week." He gives a curt nod. "I've something to show you. Ezrina introduced me to a new embalming fluid that takes half as long to administer and keeps the corpse perfectly preserved for at least a thousand years."

Ezrina might be running around in Chloe's old body, but she's got her scientific mad mind intact, one hundred percent.

"Interesting." I fake enthusiasm for the sake of avoiding another lecture on the profitability potential of the funeral home business. "I think I will stop by and check that out sometime." Dad has been after me to consider partnering with him, but, all in all, I've pretty much surmised it's a dead-end job, no pun intended. I shoot a look over to Skyla. "You ready to do this?"

"I'm ready if you are."

And with that we hop in my truck, away from my father's talk of morgue mergers and my mother's talk of questionable forms of chivalry.

I hate to break it to my father, but I'm not too interested in building my future on the dead-I'm pretty sure I want to hang out with a few warm bodies for a good long while. And I hate to break it to my mother, but I plan on loving Skyla any way I damn well please-sacrificing far more than my dorm room for her.

We drive down the slick roads of Paragon with our hands still interlaced. I never want to let go of Skyla.

Not now.

Not ever.

Skyla and I grab some coffee before parking in the clearing near the docks. I lower the tailgate and help her take a seat before hopping up next to her. It's heaven like this with Skyla, just the two of us tucked away at the foot of the forest. It's bliss just hanging out, watching Mother Nature rouse from her slumber, sleepy-eyed, as the pines stretch their limbs high to the sky. A crow screams overhead as it darts into the woods, and it makes me think of Nevermore. He was mine once, then I gifted him to Skyla as the ultimate show of love, at least it was for the sixteen-year-old in me. And now here we are two years later, and I'd like nothing more than to gift her the ultimate show of love with my body. I'd die to love Skyla that way, but only when she's ready.

"I thought maybe we could grab a bite tonight." I wrap my arm around her waist and pull her in. "That way you can tell me all about your first day." Skyla and I only managed to get one class together-U.S. History.

"That sounds great. I think I promised Mia coffee at some point, but I'd much rather have dinner with you." Her arms swim around my waist as she peels a heated kiss off my lips.

"How about you do both? I'd feel bad if I got in the way of any plans you have with your sister."

She glances down and nods. "You know what I'm sort of feeling bad about?"

"The fact I practically ran you out of the house before you could finish my mother's gourmet pancakes?" It's true. I doubt she got a solid bite in. Forget dinner, I owe her breakfast, too.

"No, not that." She gets a look on her face like she couldn't get out of there fast enough. Skyla lands those pale blue eyes over mine, and I melt into her. I want to pull her deep into the bed of my truck and take her right here just shy of the Paragon Harbor parking lot. "The fact that I've been holding you off at an arm's length."

"What?" I tick my head back an inch. "If you've been giving me the cold shoulder, you've been doing a lousy job."

She pushes in with another kiss, and this time her tongue swims around my mouth as if to prove my point. Skyla hasn't exactly been holding back in the lip-lock department. If anything, she's been more than generous with her kisses.

Skyla quakes with a laugh. Her entire body trembles, and I take in her sweet vibrations.

"Well, I have. Maybe not the cold shoulder, but you know." She digs her fingers into my sides and runs her tongue over her lips as if she's flirting. "But I think I'm ready." Her features soften. Her mood grows all together serious. "I think I'm ready for me and you again." She picks up my hand and threads our fingers together without ever breaking our gaze. "I think I'm ready for everything you can give me, Gage." Her eyes moisten with tears. "I'm going to talk to my mom." She glances up, alluding to the fact it's Candace she's referring to-her long-dead mother that runs the Decision Council, a version of fate on steroids. "There's nothing I won't do to keep you alive." Her eyes fill with tears. "You won't die. I can't go through what I did with Logan ever again. It's too painful."

"Whoa. I'm not going anywhere." Yet-but I leave that part out.

"I love you so damn much, it hurts just to catch my next breath. I feel really bad knowing that I've held things off with you for so long."

I pull her in and plant a kiss on the top of her head. "You and I both agreed to give it time, so don't worry about it. But if you feel ready to pick up where we left off, then I'm right there with you."

"No." She shakes her head, solemn as stone. "I'm not ready to pick up where we left off." Her lips curl just shy of a wicked smile. She bears into me with a magnetic pull, seductive and carnal-and, holy hell, she's eye-fucking me. "I'm ready to take things a whole lot further."

I lean back and examine her under the dismal Paragon sky.

My heart thumps. "If you're ready, I'm ready."

Her face breaks out in a full-blown grin. "I like the sound of that, Gage."

"So do I." So do f**king I.

I crash my lips over hers, and we engage in one hell of a welcome-to-the-next-level-of-our-relationship kiss. I've always known I'd be with Skyla one day. I knew it years before I ever met her thanks to those prophecies that almost drove me to the brink of insanity. And to think I once doubted them, and yet, here we are.

Skyla and I are together at last, just the way it was foretold.

Just the way it should be.

I love Skyla so damn much it hurts just to catch my next breath.

And it's kind of nice to know she feels the very same way.

Logan

The sky glows a rusted cinder. The pines etch themselves against the landscape like petrified soldiers as if God, himself, had called them to look after the residents of Paragon.

"So where are we?" Liam glances around, aloof and removed per usual. To say he's laidback would be an understatement.

"Paragon."

Liam is built and fit, and in every way appears to be a slight variation of myself. He looks about my age, a little over nineteen. I'm not too sure how old he really is-hell, how old I really should be. I gave up on keeping track of our ages and stages long ago. He's the one who went back in time and sacrificed his life for mine. I was Mom's late-in-life surprise, then the Counts came and arranged for our parents to die in a fiery car crash. I survived with severe burns that I had to deal with my entire life, until fate stepped in, renewed me as an infant, and sent me to Paragon to live with my brother, Barron. It turns out destiny needed me at another point in time, for someone else entirely, and that someone was Skyla Messenger.

"So this is home, huh?" He takes a few steps over the damp Paragon soil.

It was Liam who sacrificed his life to get me here in the first place. It's a soul for a soul, and he gave up his life so I could live out a second version of mine. And now that I'm dead, locked in this semi-state of being known as a Treble, I made it a point to arrange for him to get one, too-sort of my attempt to thank him for all he's done. Not that a Treble can ever replace his life. It's just a frozen state of being that leaves you nothing more than a visitor. I'm not sure he'll ever age. I know for a fact I come back and marry Skyla at some point, but Liam is most likely going to be a young stud for the rest of his days. You can't age naturally in a Treble.

"This is home," I say, taking in the boats docked in the harbor. "And like they say, there's no place like it." An oversized raven glides overhead toward the sign reading Welcome to Paragon.

"So why the harbor?" He gives a wry smile as a group of girls giggle their way to the ferry.

"I wanted to watch Skyla take off for her first day of school." I still don't feel right about interrupting any bonding time she needs with Gage, but it's been weeks, and I'm dying to see her. I hope to hell they've got their kinks worked out because I'd do anything just to be near her again.

I glance around the lot and don't see a sign of either his truck or the Mustang.

"Hey." Liam slaps me over the arm. "Check out that couple dry-humping in the back of the pickup."

I squint over at the all-too-familiar truck nestled off the grid with two bodies writhing over one another in the back.

Shit.

My heart stops. I can't catch my breath.

"That's them," I whisper, mostly to myself.

"Get out." Liam takes a few steps forward. "Look at him go. He's going to f**k her right there, out in the open." He cups his hands over his mouth and gives a whoop.

"Would you shut the hell up? They can see and hear us." I take a step forward. Unfortunately for me, I can't seem to take my eyes off them. My body goes numb just watching. Gage may as well have parked that mega ton truck of his right over my heart. It feels as if the weight of the world has landed on my chest.

I thought I could handle it.

I thought I would be glad just to be near them-that I would be happy for them. It turns out it was nothing but the worst lie I've ever fed myself. To think I'd ever want to see Skyla with anyone else is a cruel joke to begin with.

"Let's go." I start heading back toward the woods we came from.

"Where to?" Liam is slow to catch up.

"Paradise."

"Whoa." He pulls me back by the shirt. "No can do, baby bro. That's a one-way ticket, and I still haven't had my first cheeseburger in almost twenty years. You owe me that much and maybe a small crowd of loose chicks. I've got a serious itch to scratch, if you know what I mean."

"People don't say 'loose chicks' anymore. And if you even imply to someone of the female species that you've got a rash on your balls, they're going to run like hell the other way. But it doesn't matter because we're not staying. We're going to find Candace and tell her this was just a big mistake."

"You know I care about you. I don't want to see you hurting." He yanks me in by the collar, stern as shit. "But I'm not opposed to giving you a little tough love by way of my fist just to get the point across that we're not going anywhere. You got that?" He pulls back his hand, locked and loaded and ready to bust a jaw to prove his point.

Liam and I are a two for one deal. The only reason Liam gets to stay is because of me. I guess you could say he's riding on my coattails quite literally, but I owe him that much, so I don't mind.

A violent wind whips through the vicinity, and we look in the direction of the unexpected gust.

A woman appears in a dense, dark cloud. Her black hair flows like a necrotic river, her eyes knife through the darkness like shinning green lanterns.

"Holy hotness," Liam whispers.

"More like holy crap," I say as she strides in this direction. Crap and Chloe Bishop are one and the same these days. She's made life on Paragon miserable the last two years and happens to be the sole reason I'm stranded on the other side of the eternal veil.

"My, my..." She walks a slow circle around my brother. Chloe looks sharper, more refined, far more wicked than I ever remember. She's been relegated to the Transfer to endure Ezrina's punishment, only it turns out Ezrina's tattered features were of her own doing. Chloe can be as beautiful as she wants. And judging by my brother's reaction, he completely approves.

Chloe locks eyes with him while wearing her lust on her sleeve. "Who in the hell are you?" She moans it out as if he were everything she wanted. But both Chloe and I know that's a lie. For one, he's not Gage.

"By all means, ladies first." He walks his own circle around her, and now it feels as if I'm intruding on some primitive mating ritual.

"Chloe Bishop." She holds out her hand, and he's quick to bring it to his lips.

"Liam Oliver."

"Oliver?" Chloe's eyes widen to the size of Texas. "Do tell..." She looks from me to my brother. "Where have they been hiding you all these years?" Chloe looks genuinely thrown for a loop.

"None of your business. Come on, Liam." I try to pluck him out of her midst, but he's screwed his toes into the ground.

"I think Liam wants to stay," Chloe coos, threading her fingers with his. "You up for some coffee? Maybe catch a good old-fashioned steak and egg breakfast? My treat."

Liam perks at the mention of a juicy tenderloin.

Chloe is good at what she does, I'll give her that. I'd better set my brother straight before she gets her hooks in too deep.

"She's the reason I'm dead, Liam. She hacked my head off without thinking twice, and she's got it out for Celestra."

Chloe tilts her head in my direction. "And I'm going to kill Skyla, knock Celestra off its imaginary pedestal, and have Gage all to myself one day. There." She gives one of her deranged smiles over to my brother. "I believe you're all caught up. Shall we?"

"Yes, we shall."

"Would you care to join us?" Her eyes spit a fire into mine.

"No." I tap my brother. "Let's get out of here, Liam. I'm sure Barron and Emma would love to see you. We can take a light drive-visit Mom and Dad. We can even hunt down that girl you've been telling me about. I bet she's still as beautiful as you remember." Right about now I'd offer to take him to the moon if he wanted. I used to be the last person to light drive-time travel-anywhere, but Skyla helped me overcome my fear.

Liam stares off at the woods while considering my offer. He's falling hard under Bishop's spell, and it's not a good thing-especially since he's looking to get laid, and she's all too willing to provide the ride.

A horn blares into the virginal morning as the ferry pulls away from shore. I turn to find the tailgate to Gage's truck in its upright position, not a sign of either Skyla or him near it.

I stare off at the ferry, trying to make out the passengers, but from this vantage point, everything looks like a sponge painting. It's foggy as hell. Skyla and Gage are probably inside. Skyla never did like what the Paragon weather did to her hair-said it turned her into a bush. God, I miss her. I wouldn't care if she were covered with fur from head to toe. I'd love her just the same.

"Who are we seeing off today?" Chloe stands beside me, squinting as the ferry pushes toward Host.

"It's Skyla's first day of school," Liam offers.

Crap. It's pretty clear I've got a whole list of do's and don'ts I need to go over with him, starting with don't feed into Chloe Bishop.

"Skyla's first day of school? How absolutely precious." Chloe nestles into her own skin as if she were pleased as hell with whatever it is she's plotting. "I've got a little business I need to tend to with the Paragon Princess." The words swim from her lips like a thinly veiled threat. "In fact, I have a guest in the Transfer I've been dying for her to meet. I might just arrange for that-" Chloe doubles over abruptly and cuts short her rambling speech. Her face bleaches out, pale as concrete. A groan expels from her throat as she starts in on a series of dry heaves.

Liam bounces back. "You feeling all right? You need some water?"

"I'll gladly push you into the harbor," I offer.

A raven screams overhead, and Chloe gives a quick glance up before backing the hell into the forest as if a demon were about to snatch her.

Liam and I watch as she fades into a mass of swirling molecules.

"What the hell was that about?" He touches the air in her wake as if making sure she's truly gone. With Chloe you never know.

"I think that's what it's about." I point skyward at the raven still hovering above. "That bird is the new home of Holden Kragger. My friend, Nevermore, used to live inside that ball of feathers. You'll get to meet Nev soon. There are quite a few people we won't be avoiding, and Nev's one of them. If I remember correct, part of the punishment was that Nevermore's form couldn't be near Ezrina's, which would explain the fact Chloe had to excuse herself. I guess Holden makes her sick-literally."

"Good to know. I'll be sure to keep Ms. Bishop in a bird-free environment the next time we meet."

"You won't need to. With any luck we'll know where that damn bird is 24/7."

"Where's that?" Liam looks slightly ticked as if I were suggesting we use his dick as a perch.

"With Skyla Messenger. It looks like Holden Kragger is going to be her warped little guardian." And that alone saved his neck. Holden once tried to force himself on Skyla. I had planned on removing him from the planet permanently-giving one of the feathers to Nev to stick in his hat out of posterity, but, for now, Holden Kragger is very, very safe. "And you'd better get Bishop out of your brain. She's nothing but trouble. Besides, you'll want someone who's into you, and Chloe could never be that person. She only has eyes for Gage." I learned that the hard way myself, but I wasn't too sorry. She wasn't the one for me.

"Yeah, well, she looked pretty interested in the goods"-he grabs his crotch-"and a lonely guy like me has to start somewhere."

"Start somewhere else."

I glance over at the gaping hole in the harbor. The ferry has long since faded from sight.

There they go. Gage and Skyla are embarking on a new adventure without me-the first of many. The thought has my stomach feeling as if it's been scraped with a razor. If it wasn't for Liam and his decades-in-the making hard-on, I would have been long gone by now. But something tells me neither Skyla nor Gage would approve of that.

Just the thought of seeing them together kills me. This is going to be harder than I ever imagined.

A pain, with no beginning and no end, settles in my chest. It feels familiar, as if I've owned it all along, for as far back as losing my parents. Losing the ones I love seems to be a theme in my life.

The dark fog of depression rolls in, crashing right over my head.

Watching Gage with Skyla is going to be a fate worse than death. It was one thing in high school when he was there to protect her-to keep her safe until she could be with me again. But now, I'm nothing more than a ghost, some phantom from the past, haunting them until the day Gage leaves this planet. And if I'm right, Skyla is going to move heaven and earth to make sure that doesn't happen anytime soon. She loves Gage, and so do I. Hell, I'll work with her to make sure he sticks around for a good, long while.

"You okay?" Liam lands a heavy hand on my shoulder. "Let's head over to Barron's, I think I still owe him a wedgie. People still do that?" He gets that sarcastic look on his face that I remember all too well. "Maybe you'd like a demonstration."

"Touch my boxers and you'll have very little left to impress the ladies with."

He holds up his hands. "Let's get out of here." He walks us over to the woods. "It's going to get easier. I promise, man. I'll be here for you every step of the way."

Easier. I wonder how easy it'll be for me to congratulate them on their wedding day. Or to look either one of them in the eye each day after that because I know for a fact how they'll keep warm on those cold, Paragon nights. I wonder how easy it's going to be to restrain from ripping off Gage's gloating balls. Not that he's the gloating type, but she'll put a grin on his face, and I'll want to take it right back off.

"It's going to be hard as shit," I lament.

"It's going to be fine." He drapes his arm over my shoulder.

"It's going to be hell."

"You always such a ball of sunshine?"

"Only on days that end in Y." I hook my hand over his arm.

"I'm glad to be back, man." Liam gives a quick sniff. "Thanks for thinking of me. I plan on making the most of it."

"It's good to have you." I glance over at the long, lonely highway up ahead-the thicket of evergreens to our left, the fog settling over the island, heavy as wool. "It's good to be back on Paragon."

It's going to be hell, but it's good to be back.

2

A Dragon's Tale

Skyla

A veil of clouds glimmer above Host University in shades of navy, in shades of guttural charcoal as the wind gives a somber moan. If there's anything good about the constant storm that sits above these islands, it's the fact they act as the perfect backdrop to accentuate Gage in all his glory. They exclaim Gage Oliver as an exquisite alien being in the most magnificent way-a god of heavenly descent.

We stand outside our first class of the day, U.S. History, holding onto the dregs of summer and perhaps that of our scholastic youth. Once we cross the threshold into class, it all becomes official, we're college freshman, and there's no turning back.

I drink Gage down with his dark hair, those flame-blue eyes.

"You're hot, you know that?" I steal a kiss off his tender lips and linger. Gage has the softest lips on the planet, and I could stay up all night doing just this.

"You're hot." He tweaks my ribs. "And all twenty of those guys checking you out on the way over can testify to that." His dimples press in, and my panties beg to melt right off my body. Gage and I worked each other up pretty good in the back of his truck before we boarded that ferry. If it weren't the first day of class, I would have insisted we blow this off and let our bodies take us where they want to go.

"Oh, yeah?" I ride my finger down his chest like a snake ready to disappear in the forest, only his forest is off limits right now seeing that every coed in a fifty-foot vicinity can't take her eyes off him. "I think I'm going to be sick to my stomach if I have to deal with all these girls drooling over you for the next four years." True story. The only girl I really had to fight off at West was Chloe Bishop. Although Chloe probably equals a hundred girls at Host. She was tenacious to put it mildly.

A soft rumble of a laugh echoes from his chest to mine. "Come here." His hands flex up and down my back, sending a quiver of warmth straight through to my bones. "Then I'd better do a lot of this to let them know where I stand." His lips find mine and Gage imparts a kiss that puts every being in the universe on notice. I belong to him and nobody else. In every real way I believe it, and my heart sinks just a little for Logan. My mother told me, not long after the faction war, that the universe had ordained Gage for me. It makes sense because this feels right. But I would have been with Gage no matter what the universe decided to dictate. Being with Gage feels beautiful and safe-as if I've made my way home.

A sea of bodies drift in through the door, forcing us to step to the side. I gaze out at the Student Union for a moment. The giant effigy of a dragon has been masterfully crafted in a lifelike mural that spans the length and width of the building. Its large, scaly body stretches out as its mouth opens wide with a stream of flames shooting from it. Black feathered wings sprout from its back that stretch to the rooftop. Under its claw sits a rose with its petals scattered around, crushed by the cruel beast. The entire mural is disturbing to look at, and it's safe to assume the sight could easily scare young children-me included. It's evident the artist took their time to bring the creature to life, stroke by stroke. A pair of ruby eyes glimmer over campus, bleeding out an eerie spray of sanguine light. Painted just above him reads Host University, Home of the Dragons. Below the creature, in an old school gangster block font, reads, Omen. It's nice they've named him, but it doesn't make that fire wrapping around the building any less menacing.

"Creepy." Gage lands a kiss on my earlobe. "Sort of makes me miss Cerberus."

I give a wistful smile at the mention of the three-headed dog. Cerberus was our high school mascot.

"I guess I miss Cerberus, too." There's a sentiment I thought we'd never share. "We'd better go in. I'd hate for us to be late."

"No warning bells just a five-minute grace period. We're not at West anymore, that's for sure." He cinches his backpack over his shoulder just the way he did a few short months ago when we were both students at West Paragon High. But we're not. Nothing is even remotely the same, and I guess you could put us in that category as well.

"I was just thinking how everything has changed." I tug him in by the belt loop.

"And we're the same?" He steals a quick kiss off my cheek.

"Nope." I bite down over my lip playfully and watch as his eyes round out into twin cobalt eggs. "We're about to get a whole lot better."

"Damn straight." Gage presses out his infectious grin, and we share a simple kiss before he nods into the class behind me. "Let's do this."

Gage and I walk in to find a small auditorium with stadium style seating. Almost every seat is taken with the exception of a couple spares here and there, making it impossible for us to sit together.

"Plenty of room up top." He nods behind me, and I spot a few familiar faces from West, including an obnoxious face from East, Carly Foster.

My stomach turns at the sight of her. She and one of her bitchy friends were responsible for me getting my arm hacked off by Ezrina-and poor Dr. Oliver was forced to switch it out with Chloe's useless limb. But that's when Chloe was still safely tucked in her coffin, nothing more than a spare parts conservatory-otherwise known as the good old days. Then, in a series of unfortunate events, the rejuvenating power of my Celestra blood brought her back to life, and Chloe was free to wreak havoc on every last soul in Paragon, beginning with mine. And now she's... actually I'm not really sure how to classify Chloe anymore other than a constant pain in my ass.

I scan the class once again, and a sandy-haired blonde sitting down front catches my eye.

"Oh, wow." I feel lightheaded for a moment. "I think that's Laken Stewart."

"The girl from the Transfer?" Gage squints into her.

"Yeah, that's her." Laken is a Count I once tried to save in the Transfer with some unsuccessful mouth to mouth. Turns out the Countenance have their own twisted resurrection program in place, and Laken was forced to participate. Last I saw her was in the Tenebrous Woods, while her boyfriend, Wes, siphoned blood from my neck. Not all Counts are blood-sucking fools, just the wicked ones. "Do you mind if I head down to sit with her?"

"Go for it. I see one of the guys from the team. I'll be holding up the rear." He seals it with a kiss, and my bones melt with lust for him. I watch as Gage climbs the stairs, and my eyes can't seem to peel away from his Levi's. Gage Oliver is the perfect package. And I'm pretty darn sure it's time for me to do some unwrapping.

I trot down the stairs and cut off a blonde with beach balls for boobs, dropping down into the seat next to Laken before she can.

"Sorry," I whisper, but the girl doesn't waver from her resting bitch face. She simply moves on down the row. Her eyes linger on Laken's a moment too long.

"Don't apologize to her." Laken pulls out a notebook before turning to me. "There's nothing Grayson Evans likes more than giving me hell." Laken is beautiful, high cheeks, stormy blue eyes, and the kind of pouty lips that girls the world over pay good money for. Laken does a double take before her mouth rounds out with surprise. "Skyla, is that you?" Her face turns ashen as if she were in shock.

"Yes." I land my hand over hers to calm her. Poor Laken has never seen me outside of a light drive or the bowels of the Celestra tunnels-and I doubt she has any memory of the time she logged some serious hours in one of Ezrina's overgrown test tubes. It's kind of creepy thinking I'm the one who peeled off Laken's clothes and landed her in the blue goo to begin with. That's how Ezrina stored the dead Counts-in blue keeping solution, each in their own overgrown glass vial. My heart sinks because that's exactly where Logan's body is now, in one of those overgrown vials.

"This is so exciting!" Laken whisper-shouts as she leans in. "Coop and I thought about finding you." She averts her eyes, clearly enthused. "I mean we were going to find you, and now you're here. I can't wait to tell him."

"Coop? I love Coop!" A part of me wants to ask what the hell happened to Wes. I haven't been to the tunnels in months, and he's my usual caller. The Counts have a thirst for Celestra blood because it enables them to tap into our powers for a time. But it's not Wes I'm eager to see-it's Logan, my forever escort in that madhouse-my Elysian.

The room settles down, and Laken nods just past my shoulder as the Professor strides to the front. There's something alarmingly familiar about that tall, sturdy frame, that dark blond hair. He spins around and-holy shit.

I sink in my seat as a small choir of Dudley breaks out around the room.

"Oh, God." I give a little moan. "I had him in high school," I whisper just as all of those erotic dreams swim through my mind like a carnal inferno. "Not like that"- I correct-"he was my teacher."

Laken gives a soft laugh. "Of course, not like that. Your Elysian is your boyfriend."

Right. I sink a little further. I can't wait to share all the sordid details of my shattered love life with Laken. That's one way to break the ice, trying to explain how my heart splintered in three, and that Logan's time with me is still decades away-forever if I have any say because there's no way I can lose Gage. I'll do anything I can to keep him. Logan's death was like a black hole that swallowed me. When Chloe took his life it was as if she cut out my beating heart at the exact same moment. I can't bear that pain again. I can never go back there.

I turn to look at Gage just as a loud explosion goes off toward the front. I spin quickly to find a small stack of books at Marshall's feet.

"Eyes on me." Marshall calls court with his attention fully settled in my direction. A strangled silence takes over as every student in the oversized room sits at attention. Marshall Dudley is a force of nature that should be feared-worshiped-preferably naked with the female form. I give a wry smile. I should have figured he wouldn't let me out of his sight. I can just imagine Gage writhing with hatred right about now. Marshall isn't too high up on Gage's list of favorite people. In fact, if there is a list, he's nowhere near it. Marshall is notorious for making Gage miserable, but if there's one thing I won't let Marshall get away with this year, it's tormenting Gage.

"Mr. Oliver." Marshall tips his chin, holding back that shit-eating grin. "There seems to be a clerical error. I'm afraid you've been scheduled to take this course in the next hour with Professor Lowery. That being said, you're welcome to sit in for the time being if it pleases you."

"And there's that." I close my eyes a moment.

"Pardon me, Ms. Messenger? Did you have something you'd like to share with the rest of the class?"

My eyes spring open only to find his hotter-than-hell eminence advancing in my direction.

"Here we go," I whisper, digging my shoulder into Laken's in a feeble attempt to take shelter.

"Let me make one thing clear to any of my previous students who think this is a game; I take the value of your educational experience quite seriously." The muscles in his jaw pop, making him look that much more vexingly handsome. "Besides, if there is one subject I'm most passionate about it's history." His eyes flit to mine. "Let us not make the mistake of forgetting the past. If we fail to carefully examine the pitfalls of our predecessors, we will undoubtedly repeat them." He takes a step toward me with total disregard for the girl he's just penned in with his crotch. "Or, in some cases, it's best we carefully examine the perils of yesteryear because we are destined to relive them." His eyes fixate on mine as if he were in a trance. "We're going back in time, Ms. Messenger." He steps in, his careful attention pinned square on me. "There are still missions to accomplish, wrongs to right. A path has been cleared for that very purpose and this"-he holds up a mammoth textbook in his hand-"is our ammunition." He narrows those strange auburn eyes over mine. "The first time it was happenstance-a journey through destiny, unavoidable, nothing but a burden on the backs of your people. But this time-it's personal."

You could hear a pin drop. Laken shudders, and I do the same.

Crap. Things are about to get personal all right.

An hour bleeds by as Marshall drones on about mundane things like the specs of the Nina, Pinta, and Santa Maria, the lack of food, and plague of death that overcame their passengers. For some strange reason I thought Marshall was going to take us all on one big light drive and show us how the West was won, firsthand. Thankfully no inter-dimensional fieldtrip ensued, and the class starts to drain without the post-traumatic stress that time travel could have caused.

I gloss over the notes I took. Of course, they have nothing to do with any of Marshall's ramblings and everything to do with the factions. Now that I'm the overseer, I'd like a refresher on who's who and what they're capable of. It's still hard to wrap my head around the fact there are Nephilim offspring that roam the earth in five angelic factions, let alone that I belong to one-that I won a war on behalf of Celestra.

Celestra

1. Touch telepathy

2. Strength, speed, and, of course, the biggy that has the Counts panties in a celestial bunch,

3. Time travel

Countenance

1. Strength, speed.

2. Greedy as hell.

Noster

1. Strength, speed.

2. See through walls.

3. Teleportation.

4. Levitate.

5. The gift of knowing.

Deorsum

1. Strength speed.

2. Have the ability to influence people.

Levatio I smile just thinking about my favorite Levatio, Gage.

1. Strength, speed.

2. Teleportation.

3. Levitate.

4. The gift of knowing.

Logan and I belong to Celestra. He had just enough Count in him to swear over to the dark side as a means to gain footing on the enemy, but that never really panned out-except for the fact he's awaiting a resurrection at their hands-well, Ezrina's hands if I have anything to say about it. Screw waiting for my mother and her "in due time" attitude. I want that boy back in his body yesterday. My mother gifted him a Treble, and it's a great gift, but it's no substitution for the real deal.

Laken glances at my notebook. "Going over the factions, huh? I doubt there'll be a quiz on that." She gives a little wink before gathering her things and rising.

"You're right"-I say, scooping up my books-"but one thing I noticed, after jotting it all down, is the fact the Counts seem to be lacking in the abilities department."

"Figures. All their demented ways stem from compensation issues." We share a quick laugh. Laken is technically a Count, but she's long since defected. "Coop and I have a class next hour. Are you free at noon?"

"Yeah, I'd love to meet up with you guys." I stand and secure my backpack over my shoulders.

Laken plucks my cell phone out of my pocket and starts punching away.

She hands it back to me. "Now you've got my number." She pinches a little grin before glancing over my shoulder, and that smile slides right back off. Her face bleaches out, pale as milk. "I have to go," she stammers before bolting out the nearest exit.

A pair of sturdy arms wrap around my waist, warm and inviting.

"Looks like that was our first and last class together." Gage peppers the side of my face with tender kisses, and I catch Marshall snarling briefly in our direction.

"Why don't I catch up with you? I think I'd like to have a quick word with the one and only Professor on my shit list."

"Tell him he's at the top of mine, too." Gage drops a kiss over my head before sailing out the door.

I glance around at the mostly empty room and make my way down.

"Well, if it isn't my spirit husband." I fold my arms across my chest. "What a surprise." Marshall and I were married forever and a day ago in an ambush wedding he threw me. All of the angelic upper crust was in attendance but, nevertheless, our union was neither recorded by the state nor consummated.

"You mean your mother managed to hold back the inter-island gossip? I thought for certain once I let her in on my little academic advancement, she'd be quick to spread the good news."

"She came close." Lizbeth, the mother that raised me, is usually the first to tell me everything as opposed to my birth mother, Candace, who keeps all the important celestial tidbits close to the vest. "Turns out my mother is better at keeping things to herself than I gave her credit for." Starting with the paternity of Misty. But this isn't about my mother, or Misty. "I've got a bone to pick with you." I lean in, holding those crimson eyes of his hostage with mine. "Or should I say a boner?"

He offers the hint of a lewd smile as his eyes hem me in with unrequited lust. "What is this 'boner' which you speak of?"

"Oh, you know darn well what it is. It's that divining rod you keep in your pants. It's been prone to wander into my dreams as of late, and I don't appreciate it probing for wet zones, if you know what I mean." My face flushes, and I can feel the heat spreading down through far more intimate places just thinking of where he put that damn divining rod last night.

Marshall barks out a laugh, so loud and unexpected, I swear it's as if he has no clue what I'm talking about.

"Dreaming of greener pastures already are we?" He leers into me. "Word on the golden streets is you and Jock Strap have yet to enter into a proper carnal union." He shakes his head. "It seems your subconscious is cheering you on to-how would you say? Skip to the good part." His lips curve up one side as he presses in with that smug, cocky look.

"Trust me I am skipping to the good part. I'd let Gage have his way with me today if he pleases." I toss a quick glance out the door, and that menacing dragon painted across the Student Union winks at me through the fog. "Anyway, you have to cut it out." My voice squeaks. "I mean, I'll admit you get me going, and it takes everything in me not to lose my mind during the day, but it's a million miles from appropriate."

His features smooth out. "What exactly is happening?"

"You. You're invading more than my nocturnal space. You pop up uninvited, and we do it-nightly." I smack him over the shoulder. "Knock it off. I have a boyfriend to sleep with and, newsflash, it isn't you." I turn to leave, and he lands a heavy hand over my shoulder.

"I wouldn't be so quick to throw yourself at young Oliver. It sounds to me as if your body is rebelling-wishing you to rethink your carnal plan of action and turn your attention to someone far more equipped to give your flesh what it desires." He leans in until his lips are just shy of my ear. "And, believe you me, there is no shortage of beautiful girls who desire my equipment."

I close my eyes a moment. Marshall said he'd wait for me. My mother said we would be together in the end, that it would be Marshall who I would garner the most matrimonial years with. Gage first, then Logan for twice as long or more, then the sexed-up Sector who stands before me. But what my mother doesn't know is that I'm more than driven to keep oxygen in Gage Oliver's lungs, and, for damn sure, I'm going to keep that boy's blood pumping in all the right places. My heart wrenches for Logan, and I push him to the distal part of my mind for a moment. I hate death for what it's done to us.

"Line 'em up"-I swallow hard at the thought of Marshall hitting the sororities while trolling for chicks, not that he has to troll-"take 'em however you can get 'em." As much as it breaks my heart, the last thing I want is for Marshall to pine over me.

The only one I want pining over me is Gage Oliver. And I don't care how many pieces my heart splinters into in an effort to hold onto Gage. I know that deep down inside Marshall and Logan will always have a special place in my life. But holding three hearts was the foolish game of my youth, and, now, the only game I'm willing to play is the one in which I keep Gage alive to a ripe, old age even if that's not what destiny has laid out before us.

Screw destiny.

I say Gage lives. And I plan on paying a visit to my mother to discuss exactly how we can make this happen.

"Ms. Messenger?"

I turn to look at Marshall, and a small burst of light filters in through the windows, highlighting all his Sector glory. Marshall Dudley is a sight to behold.

"Yes, what is it?"

He gives the hint of a smile as he heads for the door. "Sweet dreams."

Gage

The sun weaves in and out of the clouds as if it were peering down from the sky to check on the inhabitants every now and again. By the time lunch rolls around, the storm looks as if it's back on again. Skyla and I grab a quick bite at the Chinese Express inside the cafeteria and head back out to the rolling lawns covered with students. I can't shake this dream I had last night. I was falling headfirst into a never-ending hole while rose petals rained alongside me. The sensation of sailing down-ratcheting up speed with no sign of ever hitting the bottom-makes my head spin even now. Weird.

"I don't get it." Skyla wraps an arm around my waist, and I lean my head over hers a second. "I called Laken three times. She's either lost her phone or she's blowing me off."

"I'm not so sure it's you she's blowing off. I'm pretty sure it's me she's trying to stay away from. I thought she was going to pass out at the sight of me. Her face turned white as a sheet."

"Crap." Skyla knocks her forehead into my chest. "I'm an idiot. Of course, she freaked out when she saw you. She probably thought you were Wes."

"I felt pretty bad as soon as she took one look at me." Wes is Laken's ex, and he happens to be a mirror reflection of myself. "We've got until two. How about we head over and check out my dorm?" I haven't so much as inserted the key in the lock since I took possession of it a few months back. As long as Skyla is still on Paragon, that's where I'll be. The truth is, I don't want to be stuck on Host if Skyla is an entire island away.

"Let's." Her eyes glow, pale as the fog, and a fire rushes through me straight down to my aching balls.

We head into the West Building and Skyla points at the sign.

"Aptly named." She pinches my waist. "And really-coed dorms? I'm disappointed in your mother." She gives a little wink. We head on up, and I can't help but notice the entire place holds the stench of stale chips and beer. "Smells like one of Harrison's parties."

"I miss Ellis." A tiny smile plays in the corner of her lip. "We need to get him to Host."

"He seems pretty happy logging hours down at the bowling alley."

"Not to mention the hours he's logging with Giselle."

I try to push the idea of Ellis dating my sister out of my mind for now. I grew up with Ellis, and I'm up on every one of his stoner ways. He wouldn't have been my first choice for Giselle, but, then, love is blind, and Giselle can't see a damn thing with that drug-induced haze he's encapsulated her in. Not that he's doing any of that stuff around her. I've threatened him enough to make it clear she doesn't get near it.

"Let's change the subject." I dot her lips with a kiss as the elevator yawns open. My lips trail up her neck, nice and slow, as she giggles into me. Skyla is a ray of sunshine in this tar-covered world. I've loved her since before I met her thanks to the visions I was gifted. And I plan on loving her long into eternity. No matter how much time I have left to spend with her on this planet, it won't nearly be enough. "You know who I want to log hours with?"

"Charlie?" She steals a kiss off my lips as she says it.

"You guessed it. I was thinking about taking him out for ribs later tonight. If you want I can pick you up a doggie bag."

"Very funny." She swats me. Charlie is my yellow lab, and if I dared give him a rib, my mother would pluck out every one of mine.

"Here it is. Three sixteen." Skyla jumps at the sight of my dorm.

I hold up the key and unlock the door.

"Shouldn't we knock? What if your roommate is in there?' Skyla lands her cool fingers over mine, preventing me from turning the knob. "What if he's doing something private?"

"Like playing Grand Theft Auto?"

"No-like masturbating." She runs her fingers softly over my crotch, and I hold my breath a second. Skyla has been giving me the green light all morning, and I'm not about to deny her a damn thing, that is, after I make an honest woman out of her. Skyla's mother made it clear as her crystal cut eyes that putting a ring on her finger was the only way to go, and, personally, I don't want to screw anything up between Skyla and me. I want everything about the two of us to be perfect. She deserves it.

"Masturbating, huh?" I pry the door open and scan the place, empty as Dudley's head-nothing but two beds pushed together in the center. Looks like whoever he is, he's decided to take advantage of the amenities while I've been gone. I'll need to burn the sheets. I close the door behind us, never taking my eyes off hers. "What do you know about that?" I leave out the M word while tracing a line down her lips to her jaw. Skyla is a testament to perfection.

"I know plenty." She cinches her arms around my neck and pulls me in. "All I have to do is think about you at night, and my hand seems to find its way to forbidden places." She slips her fingers to the lip of her jeans and gives a crooked smile.

"You're a dirty girl, Skyla Messenger." My lips crash over hers, and she glides her tongue in and out of my mouth playfully. Skyla jumps up on my hips and locks her thighs around my waist. My neck gives a mean tweak in the process, but I try to ignore the flash of pain shooting down my back.

"Dirty, huh?" She pulls her lips across my cheek up to my ear. "What would you say if I told you I was looking for a dirty boy? You wouldn't happen to know where I could find one, would you?" She takes a bite out of my ear, and a surprise of pain ricochets right down to my feet. Damn, that feels good. I graze over her lips ever so gently. I'm all in for some teeth action as long as she wants to give it-hell, any action.

"I can be pretty bad," I whisper. My hands slip inside her shirt as if to prove my point.

The door rattles, and I move us out of the way as a couple stumbles in with their hands all over each other. I can see now the need for the conjoined beds. This dude can't make it five feet keeping it in his pants.

"Laken?" Skyla slides down my hips. "Cooper?"

Before I know it, Skyla joins in on their little hug fest, and I'm the odd man out. I don't know if Coop remembers me too well. He crashed Demetri's Halloween party last year and then prom for a few minutes. I don't really know the guy other than he fought in the faction war for Celestra.

Laken gasps at the sight of me. Her shoulders pull back as she stiffens.

"It's him," she whispers, and the room stills.

"Oh, that's just Gage." Skyla waves me off. "I swear he's harmless." She pulls Laken over to the bed, and Coop nods for me to sit on the chair at the abandoned desk, presumably mine.

Skyla speeds through introductions, and we each nod a passive hello.

"Sorry." Laken lowers her lashes as if she can't bring herself to look in my direction. "I haven't seen Wes in years and..." Her words hang in the air unfinished.

"You're a dead ringer." Coop looks me up and down. "I've seen you on the field. I thought about playing. Maybe next year."

"Walk on. We've got a ton of fresh injuries. We can use the new blood. First game is in a week." My neck pinches just thinking about it.

"I just might do that. You like the coach?"

"He's hard but fair." I drill into him with an interrogative stare. "So, Laken is a Count, right? Where do you two stand?"

"I fought the war for Celestra." Coop is quick with the comeback.

"And I've denounced my standing with the Countenance." Laken slips behind Skyla a bit until she's just out of my view or, more to the point, I am hers. "We pretty much called the Counts out on their botch up with the Spectators, and now we're prime targets for retaliation."

"It will happen." Coop nods into her with the ominous news. "But we're ready."

"What are you talking about?" Skyla's chest bounces the way it does when she's getting worked up. "Remind me again what Spectators are, and why the hell the Counts are after you?"

"The Spectators were resurrected Counts who accidentally reverted to a state of partial vigor and froze that way-in other words, zombies. They could no longer participate in the world, so they were forced to sit it out on the sidelines, thus-the Spectators. In the beginning, the experiment was carried out on unwilling Celestra, so there were a number of Celestra Spectators, too." Laken shakes her head. "Some hag they hold hostage in the Transfer named-"

"Ezrina," Skyla cuts her off. "She's not in the Transfer anymore. She's on Paragon in Chloe Bishop's body. Trust me it's a long story for another day, but Ezrina's not bad, I promise."

"Well"-Laken lies back on her elbows-"regardless, she managed to reverse the partial rigor state, and they're free now. My father-I use the term loosely-is a big wig with the Counts. He's in charge of the entire Eastern seaboard. Jones Anderson, you ever hear of him?"

Skyla and I shake our heads.

"He works for Althorpe." She tosses a quick glance out the window. "It's some scam the Counts use to launder money."

"Tad works for Althorpe." Skyla shoots me a brief look. "That's my stepfather. He's a Count, but, believe me, he's as clueless as they come."

"Oh, the Counts like them clueless," Laken asserts. "The more clueless the better. Anyway, Coop tells me you're the overseer of the factions now. Congratulations." She says it with caution. "I suppose you know about Wes."

"I haven't seen Wes in months." Skyla loses her gaze in the matted brown carpet, and I can tell her mind is drifting back to the Celestra tunnels, back to Logan. I know a part of her wishes she could go, just to take the edge off and see him, but I'd never wish that hell on her. Dudley has devised a way to replenish her blood supply once Wes drains her. It requires an injection of cyanide which takes her to the brink of death each time, and it kills me to see her go through that agony.

"Wes followed me out here." Laken slips into Cooper's lap. "I haven't seen him in years, but I can feel him. I always know when he's near. He was with me back in Connecticut, and now he's here somewhere, doing God knows what." She looks lovingly at Coop and runs her finger over the ridge of his brow. "His father's bidding," she whispers that last part barely audible.

"His father's bidding?" I nod over to Coop, but Laken doesn't turn to look at me.

"Demetri Edinger. You know him?"

"Oh, God." Skyla's eyes widen as she gazes past the two of them.

"We know Demetri," I say.

And now we know his son.

After classes and football practice wraps up, Skyla and I catch the ferry back to Paragon. Her mother-the one in the sky-made it clear she wanted me to tone down the teleportation. I believe she said to shelve it for emergency use only. She's the last person in the universe I plan on irritating, so it's the ferry for Skyla and me. Besides, I love the ordinary details of life. I especially love exploring them with this gorgeous girl by my side. I run my fingers through her hair as we lean against the deck. The fog rolls close to the water, giving the illusion we're floating on clouds. The sky is trimmed with dark maroon stripes, knifing across the expanse like scars. By the time we hit Paragon, it's so late we decide to pick up dinner at a drive-thru and head toward the beach.

"I just texted Mia and let her know I couldn't make our coffee date." Skyla tosses her phone back in her purse. "I'll try to catch her before she goes to bed. You know she said the strangest thing this morning. She mentioned something about Chloe being her new cheer coach."

"Really?" I tighten my grip over the wheel. I wish I could say I was surprised that Chloe is wiggling her way back to the island, but, in truth, I am a little perplexed at how soon she's managed to do it. "Cheer coach, huh?" I shake my head. "Tell your sisters to watch out." A thought comes to me, and I let out a groan. "Crap. I forgot all about Giselle." My own sister happens to be on the West Paragon cheer squad which sheds a little more light on why Chloe might be spending time there. Chloe's got one sickening obsession with me-always has. "I just thought of something." I take the turn off toward Rockaway Beach. The lot is empty, so I drive right up on the sand and watch as the turquoise waves explode over the ebony shoreline.

"That it's not a good idea to talk about Chloe?" Skyla looks up from under her lashes before taking a sip of her soda.

"That and the fact she's in the Transfer with Demetri's son." I kill the engine, and a morbid silence fills the truck as we stare at one another. Dudley mentioned a few months back that Demetri's son was in the Transfer, and now we know just who the bastard is.

"Oh my, God." Skyla unbuckles herself as we head out. "Wes looks exactly like you. So do you think she's finally satisfied?"

"Hopefully. It's doubtful, though, and believe me my ego's not involved here. I want nothing more than for that to be true." Still most things that are too good to be true are anything but, sort of like my life with Skyla. My time with her will be here and gone before I know it, and that's exactly why I plan on making the best of it. Hell, I'd ask her to marry me tonight if I had a ring with me.

Skyla clasps her hand over mine as we walk down to the shore. There's a hint of a sunset behind the charred clouds as a burst of orange highlights the horizon.

"Beautiful." She pulls me in, and we take a seat right there on the cool sand as the salty air licks our lips.

"That you are." I peck kisses down her cheek until my mouth melts over hers. Our teeth bump, her tongue swipes over mine, and my stomach drops as if we're on some insane roller coaster together. Skyla has that effect on me every single time.

"You know what would be a great way to commemorate our first day of college?" she whispers into my lips between kisses.

I let out a moan in lieu of words because I think I know what she's about to say, what I want her to say.

Her lips travel to my ear. "How about first day of college-first day with each other?"

"Sounds like heaven." How the hell do I say no to that? "And it sounds like a lot of firsts." I know for a fact I want to do this right. I don't want to be the one who couldn't wait. But, God knows, time isn't exactly on my side-not to mention the fact Skyla is so damn beautiful it hurts sometimes to look at her.

"You complaining?" She catches my lower lip with her teeth and carefully pulls it out.

The sky glows a baritone blue as dark, charcoal highways drive through it.

"There's not a single complaint I have with you in my life." There are no truer words. I brush the hair from her face and tuck it behind her ear. The breeze picks up. There's a marked chill in the air as the sand begins to pepper us with its microscopic assault. "But I'm going to want you all night long. Trust me, Skyla, I plan on doing things to you that would get us arrested on a public beach." I pick up her hand and bring it to my lips. "And most likely in private." I want to devour Skyla and plan on doing just that. Swallowing her whole until there's nothing left. My heart races just imagining my lips dragging across her body.

"Gage Oliver." Skyla closes the gap between us until her stomach touches mine. Her eyes glitter with tears, and I wonder if she's ready at all. "Do you know how much I love you?"

"Do you know how much I love you?"

"Our love is as strong as death," she whispers.

"Strong as death," I echo. And it's my death that dangles between us like a noose.

She digs her fingers through my hair and pulls me in until our lips seal over one another again. Skyla and I don't need words to convey our feelings anymore-we've moved onto body language. The electricity in the air when we're together is enough to spark a thousand flames. But it's right here, right at her lustful kisses, where Skyla seems to draw the line, and I'm not into pushing her. Skyla used to roam all over my body, her eager hands once plucked at the lip of my jeans, but since Logan-since last December-it hasn't happened, and I'm okay with that. I've restricted my hands to her bare back, her hair, the curve of her jeans, but I don't dare take it any further. The last thing I would ever want to do is push her if she's not ready. Although tonight she's hinting at the fact she is ready-hell, she's all out verbalized it. According to Skyla she's right there, and God knows I am, too. That's why I think popping the question is the way to go. Then the ball will be in her court. If she says yes, I'll let her decide when and where. I don't know what I'll do if she chooses a long engagement. At least that way I'll know she was nowhere near ready. But, God, I hope she is. I'm dying to melt my mouth over her body, love her until the two of us can't see straight anymore.

Skyla lets out a guttural moan. She bounces her tongue over my teeth before outlining my lips, licking a line up to my ear.

"You're my everything, Gage Oliver. You're my forever-and don't you ever forget it."

She picks up a stick and traces out a heart over the damp sand. Skyla + Gage she writes inside. I take the gnarled branch from her and write Forever just below that.

"It's just like that first unofficial date we had"-she gives a shy smile-"the summer I first moved to Paragon." She slips into my lap, and I scoop her in close.

I remember that day. We went for a drive getting to know one another. It was just after Logan devised a plan for Skyla and I to have a fake relationship so they could keep seeing one another without tipping off the Counts.

"But this is the real deal," she whispers warm over my lips.

Skyla knew I needed to hear those words.

Skyla always knows what I need to hear.

I drop Skyla off and make my way home. The lights are all on downstairs, a pretty good sign my parents are still up.

I park the truck high on the driveway and head in.

Mom, Dad, and Giselle are all standing in the living room, drowning in tension.

"What's going on?" I toss down my keys and drop my backpack to the floor.

"Giselle, here, thinks Ellis is husband material." Mom chokes the words out as if she were about to vomit.

"Ellis?" I blink back. What the hell is Harrison up to now? "Did he ask you to marry him?" I head over to my sister. Her dark hair is pulled high into a ponytail. Her bright denim eyes are watery as if she's about to have a good cry.

"No. I was simply telling our parents that it might be a good idea because that way I could get out of the clutches of the Kraggers. Arson still thinks I'm his long-dead daughter, remember?" She snaps at Mom, and I try to hold back a smile. As much as I hate that they're fighting, it sort of warms my heart that they can. It wasn't too long ago that Giselle was dead herself. I suppose that's one thing I can thank Dudley and Candace for.

"As much as I hate to miss the party, I'm wiped out." I head for the stairs. "Goodnight."

"Gage?" Dad calls as I'm half way up. "Did you happen to notice anything different in the driveway?"

"Driveway?" I turn around to find him at the base of the stairs. "No, what's up? Someone syphon gas from your car again?" It happened twice last month to Mom's sedan, and it pissed the f**k out of me. Swear to God, if I catch the bastard, I'll be wanted for a felony myself.

Dad glances back at Mom and Giselle who are still going at it. "His truck is missing." He gives a brief nod. "I thought perhaps you knew something of it."

I jump down the steps until we're face to face. "You think someone took it?" My heart pounds against my chest like a jackhammer. Shit. I was so hopped up on that heated exchange with Skyla, I didn't even notice Logan's truck was gone.

"No. He and Liam were here while Emma and I were at work. He sent a text earlier this morning. He said they'd see me soon."

My heart jumps to my throat.

Logan is back, and he's brought Liam with him. A swell of relief fills me and yet an undercurrent of anxiety is right there with it.

"That's great." It comes from me weak. "I'll text him and see what's going on."

"Everything okay?" Dad drills into me because, for one, he's always had the uncanny ability to know exactly what I'm thinking.

"Everything is great. First game is in a week. You going to be there?"

"You bet."

"You'd better." I climb the stairs without looking back. "Goodnight."

Logan is back. I glance over at his darkened bedroom before making my way to mine. I pull out my phone and shoot him a text.

Someone stole your truck, douchebag. Call me. I hit send and land the phone on the bed.

I head over to my bookshelf and pull out the Oxford Dictionary-a fat volume that my grandmother picked up for me at a garage sale one afternoon. The exact same afternoon she gifted me her two-carrot princess cut diamond ring.

I pull it out carefully and set it to side. The ruby velvet box is still tucked safely in the back. I hold my hand out in front of it and will it to come to me. Inch by inch it jerks forward until it crashes into my palm. I'm not sure why I have this new power. Why I can do a lot of strange things lately like will things to happen by outright demanding it mentally, but I suppose it's some far-reaching Levatio skill I'm beginning to master. My father always told Logan and I that the older we got, the more powers we could accrue, that we could learn them like learning to play the piano. And now it looks as if that's proving true, at least for me. I pluck open the soft velvet box, and the ring takes my breath away-beautiful as Skyla-platinum with smaller diamonds outlining a larger stone set in the center. I've gifted Skyla jewelry before, but nothing like this. This could be life changing for the both of us in the very best way.

My heart thumps clear into my ears, trying to hack its way through my skull with sheer enthusiasm. I can't wait to ask Skyla to marry me. I was born to do this.

I glance over at the phone. Logan hasn't bothered to return my text, and a part of me is glad. I just need a little more time alone with Skyla-a little more time to make her mine.

We're almost there.

I hold the diamond up to the light, and a rainbow ignites across the room like a seizure.

We've almost got it all.

Logan

Ellis roars as he annihilates the enemy, in this case, Liam. They're immersed in a game of Call of Duty in the middle of Dudley's living room, passing gas, lighting up blunts like this were some frat house.

I throw a pillow at Liam's head with missile precision and knock the joint right out of his hand.

"Like I said, don't touch that shit, you'll get hooked."

Harrison picks up a pillow and nails me in the face. "And I said it's not addictive. Go ahead, Liam, finish her off. I've got plenty more where that came from. It's legal now in Washington in the event your brother isn't up on his state laws."

"No shit?" Liam stares down at the fat joint pinched once again between his fingers. Smoke blows from his lips as his chest bucks with a cough.

"How's this? You're both shit." I get up. "I'm heading out for some fresh air."

"What's the matter, princess? Not in the mood for a pillow fight?" Harrison blocks my path with his leg. "Dude, toss off in the bathroom and let out a little steam. You'll feel better, trust me. I do it like six times a day, and it's just enough to pull me through."

Liam starts in on a never-ending laugh.

"Look"-I start-"I'm not really interested in what you and Rosie Palm do in your spare time, which, rumor has it, you have a lot of." I've seen him slacking off at the bowling alley enough to know this.

"Come on, stay." He beams me in the head with a pillow that I never saw coming. "We're just getting this slumber party rolling. Don't be a pu**y."

"You're a pu**y," I say, stepping over his leg. "And if I catch you passing this crap off to Giselle, I'm going to hit you in the head with something a little harder than a glorified ball of cotton." I like Ellis, but his bad habits had better not transfer over to my niece.

"That goes double for me." Liam takes another hit off the joint, and his chest puffs up before filling the room with a white plume.

"See you in a few." I head out the back and walk down to the corral where the long-necked llamas roam free. I shake my head at the odd menagerie. Dudley's a freak that's for sure. There's a light on in the barn, but not a sound comes from that direction. Maybe he slipped on a pile of shit and knocked himself unconscious? Who am I kidding-I'm not that lucky.

I glance up at the sky as the clouds break just enough to offer a peek of the navy backdrop. The stars glitter in a cluster right above my head. If I weren't feeling so screwed over by life, I'd try to strangle some hopeful analogy out of it, but, the truth of the matter is, I'm dead for all practical purposes, while Gage is out there somewhere very much alive and working his way into Skyla's pants. Who knows? They might be going at it right this very moment. I squeeze my eyes shut tight, trying to pull the visual out of my mind.

A llama sticks its face in mine, and I bat it away.

"Crap." I catch my breath. "You scared the living shit out of me."

It brays in my face with what sounds like goooo.

"Go where, wiseass?" I glance back at the house and spot Ellis and Liam still lost in their videogame-a haze of smoke blooming around them. A noise comes from the barn, and I groan because Dudley is the last face I want to see tonight.

"I want to see Skyla," I whisper.

The world quivers. Dudley's estate warbles in and out, and, holy shit, I think I'm doing it.

I want to see Skyla. I close my eyes. I've been transporting myself all over this island like the ghost I am, but Skyla is where I drew the limit-until now.

The atmosphere closes in, heavy as lead, and Paragon wraps itself around me like a glove. I can feel myself magnetizing toward her, the universe pulling me to Skyla like a vortex I'm more than willing to fall into. I can feel my body dispersing into millions of particles, and, for a second, I imagine her inhaling me right into her being. I wouldn't mind. I want to fuse to her flesh, become a part of her in the most intimate way. A visual of her cells and mine melding together puts a dull smile on my face.

The butterfly room forms around me-the original one above Skyla's bedroom.

I choose to remain in my translucent state and linger close to the wall with the butterflies glowing right through me. They've been luminescent ever since Gage worked his magic and made them each light up like a blue flame. It's weird because it wasn't exactly a Levatio ability, but since Skyla decided not to call him on it neither did I.

The blanket on the floor moves, and I hold my breath a second.

Skyla emerges from beneath it, plucking it off before rolling it up and lying on it like a pillow. Her face is red and swollen. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to realize she's been crying. She cradles something in her arms, and it's not until she turns to her side do I see it's the framed picture I gifted her on graduation-the one with Gage and me flanking Skyla like bookends during our last football game at West. My heart breaks just witnessing the event. I know Skyla's heart is breaking, too. I'd venture to guess she's wishing we could somehow go back, recapture all the magic-I know I am.

I shake my head. There was so much going on that we couldn't see we were already steeped in our glory days. Our love was ripe and new-her heart an entire fertile field. Then in one sweet burst she became my wife, and it all ended just as quick as it began. I'll never forget those last few days, our bodies tangled in knots, hovering over Rome in a hotel suite that looked as if it were ripped right out of the pages of some romance novel. It was our time, and damn it to hell if we didn't use it wisely.

"Logan." She whimpers into the picture, and her chest bucks as she sheds an entire river of tears. "Forgive me." Her voice floats to the ceiling with the quiet plea.

Forgive her? There's nothing to forgive.

"I will always love you," she whispers.

I hold my hand out to her. I know. I glide down beside her and brush the hair from her face.

Skyla startles and looks right up at me.

A body materializes into the room, stone cold from nothing-Gage.

"Hey, you okay?" He doesn't hesitate scooping her in his arms and planting a docile kiss over her lips.

Skyla struggles in his arms a moment, glancing around the room with the slight look of panic. I do my best to blend in with the scenery, the butterflies lighting me up in all the wrong places.

"I'm fine." She melts back in his arms. "It's just one of those nights." Her arms clasp over him like a vice. "Everything's changing so fast. I guess I don't do good with change." She sniffs into his neck. "Promise me we'll always stay the same. That you'll never leave-never die."

Never die. And there it is. I've caused her so much pain, she never wants to relive it. Can't say I blame her. Death hasn't exactly proven to be a pleasure cruise.

"I promise you one thing"-he dots her face with his lips-"we'll always be the same no matter what."

My heart breaks for the two of them. Gage knows better than to promise her he'll never die. But, I guess no matter what, he's right-they'll always be the same. I know Skyla will love Gage forever and that she'll love me just as long as well.

They whisper into one another and share quiet kisses while I circle the tiny space like a cat in a well.

I have no right to be in the room with them, ever.

So I do the only thing I can.

Leave.

A few days drift by, and I decide it's best to pluck Liam from Ellis's chemically altered clutches. We ditch Marshall's and head over to where I probably should have gone to begin with, the morgue.

"My God!" Barron's face does its best impersonation of those corpses he keeps on file in that oversized freezer behind him. He lunges at us both at the same time, and before we know it, we're locked in an Oliver love-fest.

I can feel Liam's chest buck with emotion, then I begin to lose it, too. Here we are after all these years. It was Liam and Barron who fought to save me, even if it was Skyla's mother who put the kernel of the idea in their heart. They didn't hesitate. One sacrificed his life for mine, and the other raised me as his own-all to end my suffering.

"Thank you, both." I pull back and take them in. One brother aged to his prime, and the other still robed with the dew of youth. And here I am, locked somewhere in the middle. "I don't deserve your kindness, either one of you."

"That because you're a jackass." Liam ruffs up my hair. "But we love you, man. I'd walk through a fire for you if I had to."

"Let's stop while we're ahead." I pat them both on the back. "No more fires. No more death."

"Now, I wouldn't go that far. Death keeps a roof over my head." Barron takes off his glasses and wipes his face down with the back of his hand. "Look at you both." He pops the lenses back on and inspects us with fresh eyes. "I'm old and haggard, and you're both at the top of your game. Looks like I got the short end of the stick."

"A wife-two beautiful children." Liam taps him on the back of the neck as if he were knocking some sense into him. "You're a lucky bastard, Barron-always have been."

"I know it."

A murmur of voices trickle from the room behind him. They're coming from the kitchen, that's the term Barron uses to refer to his own personal chop shop-the room where he preps the corpses for burial.

Barron glances over his shoulder before trying to edge us back out the door.

"Why don't we have lunch somewhere?" It comes from him far too animated as if he were trying to usher us out before we discovered what was going on back there. "Or perhaps the bowling alley? I hear Ellis is taking wonderful care of the facility."

"What's up?" I push past him. I know for a fact when Barron starts talking shop, he's clearly avoiding a bigger issue. He couldn't care less what's happening at the bowling alley. The morgue is his baby just as much as Gage and Giselle.

I burst in through the double door, and I'm sucker punched by what I see. Gage and Chloe Bishop, hovering over a body. Then it clicks, Ezrina has taken over Chloe's form, and that would explain why she only remotely looks like the old Chloe. Her hair is shorn close to the back of her head with long bangs in front. She's sporting thick-framed glasses and a turtleneck with slacks. Practical brown wedges adorn her feet that I'm pretty sure Chloe Bishop wouldn't be caught dead in. In fact, given the chance, Chloe might kill Ezrina simply for the fashion faux pas she'd accuse her of committing. Personally, I think it's an improvement.

"Gage." My shoulders pull back as I take a never-ending breath. In truth, I wanted to reveal myself to Skyla first, then my nephew. But now that I think about it, Gage is as good a place to start as any. I guess I shouldn't be too hung up over the fact he's trying to sleep with Skyla, after all, I did.

"Guess again." He stands up, his chest expanding the size of the wall. "You might know me as Wesley Paxton, or, I suppose, Parker." His eyes glint to both of mine. "These days I'm just going by my father's last name-Edinger." Those all too familiar dimples dig into his cheeks, and my body turns to stone.

Edinger?

What the f**k is going on?

3

The Horrible Surprise

Skyla

On Saturday, Barron and Emma host a pool party which is odd in and of itself for several reasons: One, when they made the last minute announcement the weather forecast was set for rain. Two, it's now miraculously quasi-sunny-nothing short of a pool party miracle. And three, I've been to Barron and Emma's home more times than I can count, and, thankfully, I've yet to see either one of them in a bathing suit.

Last night's dream still boomerangs around in my mind-Marshall and me on a horse, riding the poor stallion while riding each other. A heat wave pushes through me, and that tender part between my thighs quivers just thinking about the incredible way he made me feel. Before the wild stallion of a romp, he mentioned we were "going back" that Clara needed us again. There's that name, and I can't seem to place it. Clara...did she go to West? East? Hell, does she live on this overgrown rock at all?

"Knock, knock!" Mom sings. That's her nonsensical way of barging in. "It's just me." She pokes her head in before proving my point and migrating toward the bed. She gives a quick look around as if she's expecting someone. "I can't shake this feeling that one day I'm going to find a handsome dark-haired Oliver hanging around in his briefs."

God. Did she just go there? Isn't there a law that clearly stipulates bedroom humor is strictly off limits with your grown daughter? I don't care if I'm eighteen or eighty, I'm pretty sure I'll never want to discuss Gage in his boxers with her. An image of just that pops into my mind, and I bite down over a smile. Hot damn, I need to see that boy in his briefs-heck, less than his briefs.

"Not to worry. He made his escape more than an hour ago." I'm only half-kidding and, disgustingly enough, I think she knows it. Darn these paper-thin walls. Not that we've done much more than kissed. Gage and I are stuck on first base, not that first base is such a bad place to be stuck with Gage Oliver. "Can I help you?" It's obvious I'm going to have to facilitate this conversation along. It must be serious because she's short at least one human dangling from her nipple. It's rare she escapes the little people these days.

"Just wanted to see how you're doing." She glides her hand down the back of my head, and the curls crush to my skull. My hair is so unruly in the morning. I look like a lion who's just stuck his paw in a light socket. "Everything going okay between you and Gage?" She nods into her words as if now were as good a time to confess as any.

"Yes," I say it slow, measured. "Did something happen between Gage and me that I should know about?" God, I'm almost afraid to hear the answer.

"Oh nothing, I just wondered if there was a special reason the Olivers might have invited everyone over. I mean, summer sort of melted away. Everyone is back at school-it's practically fall. I thought maybe they knew something I didn't-like say an official engagement that might be on the horizon." Her eyes widen like twin clovers.

"Well if that's true then I'm just as in the dark as you are." There's no way Gage would have an ambush engagement party. It's not his style. Not that I hope he won't pop the question-I'd die for that to happen. I'm right there. I'm ready. I've thought through about a thousand could-be scenarios with each one even more romantic than the last. But, then, if we fell in a mud pit and he asked, it would still feel pretty damn romantic. This is our time, and I can feel an engagement coming on like a cold. Not that I equate it to one-in fact, quite the opposite. I get the warm fuzzies just thinking about it-butterflies come to life in my stomach. Gage makes me feel like a giddy thirteen-year-old every time I think of him.

"So are you okay?" She nods cautiously, and I can tell the conversation just took a turn for the Logan.

"Yes. I mean, I'm hanging in there. He's always on my mind. My heart still breaks thinking about what happened." That's putting it mildly. The truth is, I miss the hell out of Logan Oliver. Our short-lived honeymoon ricochets through my mind like a love song and one that I don't feel bad about playing on a loop unlike those carnal encounters that Marshall is imparting-even if he does deny it. I know a dream when I see one, and those are no dreams, they almost feel like... light drives?

Shit! I suck in a quick breath.

"Skyla?" Mom gives my shoulder a gentle shake. "I asked if you thought you could handle Logan coming back into your life. You mentioned it was a possibility."

"Oh, right." I snap to. "Yes. God, yes." Actually, not so much. It's going to be like knifing the wound right open. But I'd rather feel every ounce of pain on the planet than live a life without Logan Oliver.

"Skyla." She slips her arm around me, and I scoot over, making room for her on the mattress. "I always know when you're stretching the truth. It's okay not to feel ready. This is a unique situation. It's not going to be easy. I won't lie, it wasn't easy seeing your father."

Dad passed away years ago and, thanks to some celestial rule bending, he's popped back into our lives a few times.

"God, I didn't even think of how much that must have hurt. I'm so sorry."

"No, don't be. He's the love of my life, always will be. It's just hard to, you know, see him now that I'm married to someone else."

And seeing someone else on the side on top of that, but I leave Demetri out of it for now. Although, Demetri can never fully be left out of the conversation seeing that he's my father's killer. Chloe may have told him to do it, but something in me knows he didn't mind obeying orders one bit. He's Chloe's supervising spirit, in other words, her celestial bitch. I seriously hate them both. And, oddly, neither of them ever truly seem to get what's coming to them. I don't care if Chloe is relegated to the Transfer-something isn't sitting well with me, but that's a topic to take up with my other mother.

"It's okay to hurt, Skyla." She pulls me in tight. "And a part of the reason I wanted to come and talk to you this morning was just because of that. Hurting goes along with the territory. A part of you may never fully recover. God knows I didn't." She leans her head over mine. "The pain may not go away as fast as you'd like, so don't wait for that magic moment to happen just yet. You may never get there, and you know what? Nobody will ever judge you for that. But I have a feeling Gage can help you heal, Skyla. That is, if you let him. There's room in your heart to love more than one person-and it's a beautiful thing." She leans in and presses a kiss over my cheek. "Your dad was a gift to me. Just like Logan was to you."

Something in my chest cinches. It's as if those were the exact words I needed to hear. Logan and Gage are both gifts. And she's right. I will never truly get over losing Logan. And, when he finally does come back to me, I'll be grieving Gage. That is unless I can change things, and I hope to God I can. Grief is a horrible place to live. I want no part of that pain ever again.

"Thank you." I offer up the strongest bear hug I've given in my life, until she groans under my weight. "You're the best mom ever, you know that?"

"Thank you." She touches the tip of my nose. "Another thing I wanted to say was"-her chest expands, and I can tell we're about to enter a no-fly zone-"Demetri is going to be there today."

"Really? I can't imagine why the Olivers would extend the invitation to him." For one, he's evil incarnate.

"They didn't. I asked Emma if it would be okay. He and Darla are sort of on the outs-he never could commit to a wedding date." She averts her eyes, but a brief smile plays on her lips, and I catch it. Darla is my best friend's mother, our next door neighbor, and the very woman who drove Mom to the brink of a jealous rage due to the aforementioned engagement. It was fake from the beginning. I think we all knew that. "Anyway, I thought it'd be good for him to get back into the fold."

My blood boils just thinking about it. All of my pent up anger regarding her borderline affair with the enemy, a Fem no less, is ready and willing to spew right out of my mouth in the form of a verbal assault.

A loud knock vibrates over the door, and Brielle saunters in clutching an overnight bag.

"Morning, sunshine!" she sings, twice as chipper as my mother ever could. Her strawberry blonde hair is rumpled, her mascara is running down her cheeks, but she's glowing, and that can only mean one thing, she slept with my stepbrother last night.

"And on that note." Mom sails to the door. "Let's everyone play nice today. I think we're going to have a really good time at the Oliver's." She clicks the door shut behind her.

"Play nice?" I scoff, making room on the bed for Brielle. "I believe that's code for 'be nice to my boyfriend.'"

"Your mom has a boyfriend?" Bree bounces onto my mattress as if I'm about to dispense the latest island gossip.

"Never mind. How's your boyfriend?"

"Moving on up." She looks at me as if I should know what this means.

"God, if that's some sexual innuendo, it's really too early for me. Note, it will always be too early in the day for any kind of sexed-up news regarding Drake."

"Gotcha, sis." She gives me a light kick over the thigh. "Anyway, Drake is doing really well at the Gas Lab. Ever since that Chloe chick and Pierce have taken over, we're finally seeing some profit." She shakes her head. "Best damn donuts in town."

That Chloe chick is what Brielle insists on calling Ezrina. And Pierce Kragger has been taken over by Nevermore, so there's that. If anything got even mildly rectified during the faction war it was the fact the Kraggers got royally f**ked in the processes. Holden, the ass**le, is a bird, and Giselle has conveniently landed Emerson's body. And Emerson, well, she's trapped in an owl that I gifted to Mia. God only knows if she's still alive. I haven't been in Mia's room all summer. The only one still intact is Big Daddy K. Speaking of Arson, he has his head tucked so far up his ass I bet he hasn't even noticed his children have been relegated to other people and species. But, then, ass**les rarely recognize things outside of themselves-case in point Chloe.

"Besides"-Brielle goes on-"Drake has got a hundred new business ideas. He's not so hot on the fact he needs to split profits with Ethan or anyone else. He's going it alone, but don't tell anyone I told you. Drake has big dreams. He's going to be a millionaire."

"Millionaire, huh?" I hate to break it to Brielle, but it takes more than some pipe dream to fill a bank account.

"Or a billionaire." She tosses her hands in the air as if it were no big deal. "My mom says a million bucks doesn't take you far these days. Speaking of these days and sexual innuendos..."

I roll my eyes as she bounces up and dumps out the contents of her duffle bag.

"What's all this?" I stare at the crap Brielle spilled onto my bed and carefully pick up a red, white, and blue bikini with stars set in precarious places.

"This"-she picks up an industrial sized tub of margarine and cradles it like an infant-"is what you're going to need to seduce him."

I give the bikini top a twirl. "I'm not sure the U.S. flag was ever intended to be a nipple shield. And the butter? What is this, my 'cupcakes in bikinis' moment?"

"Oh, hon, the only thing that will be cooking is Gage once he slathers this all over your body. All you have to do is show up wearing this little magic number." Her eyes get all swirly as her mouth rounds out into the perfect O. "Hey I know-volunteer to wash his car!" She makes a circular motion with her chest, and suddenly I'm fearing for my lady parts. "Guys love that. And, since it's technically still summer, you'll want to get a tan." She thrusts the margarine at me. "Just make sure he rubs you down in all the right places." Her eyes drift between my thighs.

Good grief. Brielle can turn an innocent car wash into a p**n ographic experience.

"Okay." I blow out a breath. "I think I'm ready."

Brielle leans in and wraps her arms around me. "I heard that last bit with your mom, you've still got Logan hanging over your heart-and, I've seen the way Dudley looks at you." She shakes her head as she hops off the bed. "This is your time to shine, Skyla, just you and Gage." Brielle sticks a finger in my chest. "So you'd better straighten out that parade of boys you've got roaming around in that heart of yours. You get one chance to get this right with him. Don't f**k it up."

"Yes, ma'am," I say it weak as she strides out of the room.

God, I hate it when Brielle makes sense.

Don't f**k it up.

I finger the bathing suit with its patriotic nipple shield.

Gage and I are going to happen, and I think things need to start happening today.

The air outside is thick and warm. The island is heated just enough to bring out the earthiness of the pines. The sweet scent of Paragon soil gives a sharp bite to my senses.

Brielle and I drive over to the party with Drake. He parks, and we head toward the back gate with him groping her boobs all the way up.

Cars are parked up and down the street with people milling back and forth. The raucous music of what sounds like a live band is coming from the rear of the property, but most likely Gage has hooked up his phone to his amp. I spot Marshall's nice ride parked across the street, and just behind that some demonic looking car that seems far too expensive to ever be on the island.

I smack Drake in the arm. "What kind of car is that?"

He turns, and his jaw roots to the driveway. "Holy shit-that's a f**king Phantom!" He starts heading back down. "Rolls-Royce, baby!"

"Oh that?" Brielle reels him back in. "It's Demetri's new car. Mom says he needed it to help get over her. Something to do with compensation issues."

"Little dick, big ride." Drake shakes his head still mesmerized by the sight.

"Whatever. It's just a car," I say, pulling Bree up the driveway with me. The last thing I want to do is stand around discussing the size of Demetri's package. Besides, he's a dick both inside and out of his pants. It's a wonder anyone cares to take a look under the hood. Mom blinks through my mind, and I chase her away.

"Just a car?" Drake pops up beside me. "That thing is like the Waldorf Astoria on wheels. That car has a f**king aristocratic linage-not to mention the often underappreciated suicide doors."

"Suicide doors, huh? Sounds like the only redeemable quality." Demetri sporting a luxury ride doesn't surprise me. Personally, I'm rooting for the suicide.

We make our way to the backyard, straight into a sea of bodies, young and old alike. It's a mish mosh of who's who, with Charlie, Gage's yellow lab, being the first to greet us.

"Hey, buddy." I kneel down to give him some back scratching love, and, before I know it, Drake and Brielle have already claimed a spot at the pool. She whips out her own tub of margarine, and Drake doesn't waste a moment before diving in and buttering Bree up.

Figures. The two of them are already on second base, and here I haven't even found Gage yet.

I stand and inspect the place for the hottest Oliver around. I spot Dr. O busy tending to the barbeque, sweating up a storm. A dull laugh trembles through me. Maybe I'm more interested in the coolest Oliver. I stand on my tiptoes, but no such luck. Instead, I revert back to Barron who's now being henpecked to death by Emma. You'd think there weren't another person on the planet who can cook the way she's harassing him at the grill.

I glance across the pool to find Ellis talking with Gage, and my stomach pinches tight because those piercing blue eyes have already set their sights on me. His dimples dig in, but he doesn't break his stare. Ellis goes on and on, but Gage crosses his arms while dousing me with his full attention. It's something deeper than simply looking, or staring. Gage is searing me with his intense gaze, touching me with it. My skin blisters under his watchful supervision. A trail of heat lingers over my body as his eyes ride up and down over me. He bites down on his lip as if he's preparing to savor a meal he's been waiting forever to have. And he is.

"Time to eat!" Emma screams it out like a battle cry.

"Oh, yes it is," I whisper, indulging him with a private smile.

And Gage is plenty hungry.

"Skyla?"

I turn to find Dr. O's smiling face along with Dr. Booth and another man about their age, each with matching dark-framed glasses. They make an adorable trio, and I can't help but wonder if my own father were still alive if he'd fit into their circle with a matching pair of frames.

"Dr. Booth." I give him a long, rocking hug. Dr. Booth is a Levatio like Gage. Tad had me locked up in a psych ward once, for basically no reason, and Dr. Booth was my psychiatrist for a time.

"Skyla, I'd like you to meet my new partner in psychological crime, Dr. Flanders." He holds out a hand to the man on his left. "He and his family just moved to the island a few months ago."

"Nice to meet you." The salt and pepper-haired gentleman extends his hand. "My son, Cooper, and his girlfriend, Laken, attend Host. Dr. Oliver mentioned you and his son went there as well."

"I know Coop." My heart thumps because suddenly this backyard get together feels like old home week. "And I know Laken, too."

"We were actually just talking about a boy named Wesley Paxton." Dr. O narrows in on me. "Are you familiar with him, Skyla?"

My heart freezes in my chest. My muscles go rigid as if my body has turned to stone, ready to crumble into a million little pieces. It was one thing to meet up with Wes in the Tenebrous Woods, it's another for him to start bubbling to the surface and existing in the real world. Even if he always has been a part of this planet, he's never been a part of my world, and I know for a fact both Laken and I want to keep it that way.

"Yeah, I sort of know him." My cheeks fill with heat.

Dr. Booth gives me a gentle pat on the back. "I'm always here for you. Know that." He gives a soft wink as he and Coop's father move into the crowd.

"I'm sorry, Skyla." Barron dips his chin toward me. "Logan mentioned the other day that you knew Wesley but wouldn't say how."

"Logan mentioned the other day?" My heart stops once again, only this time I don't mind. "That means he's here." I stand on my tiptoes and scan the crowd.

"No, I'm sorry, Skyla. He's not here. I shouldn't have said anything."

Emma pops up with a batch of raw chicken legs that glisten pink in the sun.

"No time for loafing!" she snaps.

A warm kiss lands on my cheek from behind, and I spin into Gage. My entire person fills with peace at the sight of him.

"Logan is back. Your dad just said he talked to him the other day."

"Is he here?" Gage takes a step toward his father, his face bleeding out all color. On some level, neither Gage nor I thought it would happen so soon, but we were hoping. We'd let Logan back into our lives with open arms, the sooner the better.

"No, he's not here." Dr. O looks remorseful for mentioning him at all. "He and Liam stopped by the mortuary a few days ago. That's when I met with Wesley."

"You met with Wes?" Gage looks downright pissed.

"He was there for Ezrina. They had business to conduct." He glances over at Emma who's talking to some brunette across the way before reverting back to Gage. "My God, he looks just like you."

"I know." Gage lets out a breath. "Let's shelve all talk of Wes for now. Is Logan coming? Is that what this is about?"

"No." Dr. O frowns as Emma fast approaches, ushering the brunette along. "I'm afraid this is what it's about." He nods over to the two of them.

"Gage"-Emma beams, ignoring me completely, but that's nothing new-"this is Kresley Fisher." She pulls the tall brunette from behind her. She's beautiful in a cutthroat way. I can tell she's an honorary member of the bitch squad with just one look. "Her father and I both attended the Ephemeral Academy back in the day. He and I were honor guards together and spent more time putting up and taking down the flag than I care to remember." She gets a faraway look in her eyes as if maybe she would like to remember-right now. Emma gives a private smile before snapping back to reality. "And, now, his daughter has transferred to Host. I thought maybe you could show her around a bit."

Show her around a bit? My mouth drops open. What the hell? Is she trying to get rid of me? Is she trying to pawn off this Kresley chick on her son while he still has his arm wrapped around my waist?

"Oh my, f**k." Kresley takes a step in. Her features bleach out as her skin grows ashen. "Wes?"

She thinks he's Wesley. Of course she does, she went to Ephemeral, the Count conservatory, so she probably knows the original bastard. No wonder she's letting expletives fly in front of Emma. I guess I would too if I lost Gage and thought I found him again.

"My name is Gage." He holds out his hand, but she doesn't take it. She's too busy panting into him as if he were a juicy side of beef, which he is, but that's beside the point. "And this is my girlfriend, Skyla."

"Girlfriend," she says mesmerized-her eyes never leaving his. "Right."

Laken and Coop crop up just as Emma heads back to the barbeque to hound Barron into an early grave.

"God, Kres, leave him alone." Laken waves her hand over the girl's face. "You'll have to excuse her. She dated Wes for awhile." Laken shoots a quick look to Coop because she dated Wesley for a while, too. "He's not, Wes." She pulls Kresley back by the elbow. "Look, I see Grayson in the pool, cooling herself off with my history teacher. Why don't you go see if she needs any help closing the deal?"

I glance over to find Marshall lounging in the hot tub with a bevy of beauties floating by his side. He nods in my direction, and a mean shiver runs through my body, starting at that tender spot between my legs before rippling through me.

Crap. He is so doing this on purpose.

Kresley backs away slowly, never taking her eyes off Gage. She bumps into Emma and almost knocks the bowl right out of her arms. She comes to and proceeds to help get the festivities under way. I have a feeling she's going to be Emma's new pet, and it has nothing to do with the bond her father shared with anyone at Ephemeral.

"Game's coming up." Coop gives Gage a light sock to the arm.

"You tell anybody the big news?" Gage and Coop seem to be having a private conversation.

"What big news?" Laken draws Coop in close.

"I went in for walk-ons and made it as an alternate. If one of these big baboons gets hurt, I might get to taste the field."

"Sweet!" I give a little jump. "Too bad I'm not in cheer anymore, but I'll be cheering from the stands."

"And I'll be right there with you." Laken touches her hand to Coop's chin. "Is this the big secret you've been teasing me with? I can't believe you held back." They share a sweet kiss. Coop and Laken are one of those sickeningly sweet couples that single people can't stand to be around, but, since I'm very much taken myself, I can appreciate where they're coming from.

"So"-Laken leans in, the smile dissipating from her face-"rumor has it Wes spent some time with your dad." She glances at Gage. Poor Laken can hardly bring herself to look at him. "If Wes is up to something, we need to know."

"We need to keep two steps ahead of him at all times," Coop interjects. "He's vengeful."

"And power hungry," Laken adds.

"And"-Coop looks to her-"he's still in love with Laken. No thanks to me, Celestra as a whole is on his shit list."

"Yeah, well"-Gage pulls me in until my back warms against his chest-"Wes has been on my shit list for a while now. If he starts sniffing around, I'll have to kick his ass again."

"There's something else we should probably tell you." Laken looks to Coop for a second.

My ears stop up with the noise from the party, and I lean in. "What?"

"Not here." Coop glances around.

"All right." Gage cinches his grip around me. "How about in a little while we head over to the beach."

"Sounds good." Laken and Coop take off for the buffet line, and I watch as her gaze hits the concrete, heavy as lead.

"It's really hard for her to be around you." I pull him in. I guess if Coop looked like Logan it would be a little awkward, too. He's close, but Marshall eclipses him in that department. I glance at him, still in the hot tub with some yappy blonde talking his ear off. It looks like Marshall is right back to being Marshall, and my heart wrings out just thinking about it.

His eyes connect with mine, bright and heated. Don't mistake company for pleasure.

I give a little smile Marshall's way before spinning into Gage.

"I'll steer clear of Laken and give her some space." He nods behind me at his mother and Wesley's other ex-girlfriend as they laugh themselves into oblivion. They're hovering over the punch bowl each with a seltzer bottle in hand as the bubbles cascade over the rim and onto the ground.

God, Emma is laughing-like grip your belly, slap your knees, guffawing. She always seems so uptight with me. Hell, with anyone.

Gage nods over to Kresley. "And I plan on giving her a lot of space."

"I appreciate that." I rub my fingers over his cheeks. Gage is growing out his stubble, and he looks that much more adorable. "You're just so damn hot. Once you get out on that field next Friday night, every girl on Host will want to bed you." I dip my hand up his T-shirt and lean in to whisper. "Including this girl." My cheeks fill with heat, and I have to look away a second.

"You're the only girl I want even close to my bed." He dots my lips with a kiss and scrapes his rough stubble over my cheek. A fire rips through me when he touches me this way. I can only imagine the inferno that will take place when we're skin to skin, nothing but the two of us left to set the room ablaze.

The crowd, Emma's incessant cackle, they all melt away, and for a moment it's just Gage and me.

"You make me feel like the luckiest girl in the world."

A scream comes from the far end of the yard, and we turn to find Mom with her hand outstretched as baby Beau walks right into the deep end. Demetri swoops in and plucks him out by the arm before his head ever hits the water.

"You're my knight in shining armor!" Mom wails as he returns Drake's wandering child to her. Thank God Beau is all right, but with Drake and Brielle greasing one another up and Mom's bust weighed down with Misty, it's clear he's going to need a spare set of eyes on him.

"We'd better go over."

Gage and I bypass Tad, who's belly up on a lounger with his chest turning a bright shade of lobster.

"Everything okay?" I touch Beau's feather soft head, then Misty's, and a strange vibration strums through me. That's odd, the only other being I know that vibrates to the tune of a different universe is Marshall, and he's a Sector.

"Everything's great." Mom snuggles into Demetri's chest sort of the way I'm doing now with Gage, and I frown.

"And how is everything with you?" Demetri purrs it out with that constant shit-eating grin tugging at his lips. "It must be bliss-the entire world at your fingertips. The man of your dreams by your side."

Logan flashes before my eyes, and I suck in a quick breath.

"It's going great. And, yes"-I pull Gage in tight-"I do have the man of my dreams by my side."

"When's the big day?" He connects his fingers at the tips and looks from me to Gage.

"It's none of your business," I snip. If there's one thing I don't like, it's a Fem butting into my private life-especially this one. "Speaking of having the world at your fingertips. I hear your son, Wes, is here."

Demetri's affect flattens. His gaze shifts to the forest just beyond the property.

"Excuse me, I think I see an acquaintance I've been meaning to speak with." He takes off like a bat out of hell.

Ha! He took off so fast you'd think I set his balls on fire.

"Well, there's that." I shrug at my mother who still hasn't put her eyeballs back in their sockets. "That's right, mother," I hiss without meaning to. "He's been hiding children from us all. God knows how many wicked spawns he has floating around out and about."

"Is little Wes in town?" She glitters up with tears, and now it's my eyes that are bulging with disbelief. "God, I haven't seen him well, ever, but I've heard so much. I can hardly wait to meet him."

I suck in a breath. "You knew?"

"Yes." Misty squirms in her arms and starts pecking away at Mom's chest. "I mean it's been low key. Demetri didn't get to raise him or anything. It was one of those things we haven't mentioned since back in L.A. so of course he was a little uncomfortable with it. Everyone's got their secrets, Skyla." She brushes me off while shoving Misty up her blouse.

I look to Gage with his warm blue eyes, those infectious dimples digging in just for me.

"We don't have any secrets." I lean in and kiss him.

"Yes, well"-Mom pulls Beau in before he can make another break for the deep end-"sometimes life has a way of surprising us when we least expect it. Sometimes we own secrets we know nothing about."

A flash glints from the woods and catches my eye. A shadow recedes. The frame of a woman with long dark hair, curvy hips, moves slow as a snake, making my skin crawl. I know that wicked gait, that careless toss of her hair, that hourglass ass-Chloe. She lets out an echoing cackle then disappears as quick as she came.

Why do I get the feeling life is about to surprise us in the most horrible way?

Gage

"We're heading out." I give Mom a quick embrace while keeping an eye on Skyla in the yard as Dudley crawls all over her. The sun is about to set, and the party population has dwindled to just a few strays, the aforementioned Sector being one of them.

"Where you headed?" A light voice comes from behind, and it's Kresley. Mom mentioned she had a surprise for me earlier. I assume I'm looking at her.

"I'm taking Skyla for a drive. It was nice to meet you." I shoot Mom a look, and she's quick to lock an arm around Kresley's shoulder.

"Why don't you take Kresley along? She's yet to see the island. I bet she'd love a driving tour."

"Emma"-Dad calls from the entry-"Dr. Flanders is leaving."

"I'd best say goodbye." She gives Kresley a gentle shove until she's standing inches from my chest.

"Whoa." I back up a notch. I'm sure Kresley is a nice person, but I'll be the last to express any interest in her. "Sorry about my mom. She can be a bit pushy-literally. If you need a ride back to the ferry, Mr. Dudley's out there. I'm sure he'd be more than glad to assist." I start to head out, and she pulls me back by the arm.

"Gage." She says my name like she's taking it for a test drive. She leans in and gives my neck a hard sniff, licking her lips as if she's about to take a bite. "I guess I'll be seeing you around-Gage." Her fingers sink down my chest, and I catch her by the wrist.

"Sorry-I'm not interested." I return her hand to her side. "I'm with Skyla, and that's not going to change. Not today, not ever." I turn around and get out of there.

What in the hell is my mother thinking?

Skyla and I drive out to Rockaway with Coop and Laken following behind. We park down by the sand and hop out. There's not another living soul for miles, just the way I like it. The waves beat against the shore, violent and thunderous, as if Rockaway itself were having a temper tantrum. The mist sweeps in, thick as a blanket, racing to cover the island.

"Isn't it funny that the fog is rolling in again now that your mother's party is over?" Skyla pulls me in before jumping up on my back for a moment.

My neck pinches, and I freeze. She slides off and hops up for a kiss as if nothing happened. I don't plan on telling her I'm still nursing an injury from earlier this summer-that the damn thing just won't heal. I'm not in the mood to pu**y out on her especially since she's so interested in showering me with affection.

"She's a Deorsum," I say, picking up Skyla's hand. "She can get small children to do her bidding. Who knows? Maybe she's progressed to the weather. Powers are funny that way, they seem to grow." That's another thing I'm not ready to fess up to right now. My powers seem to be multiplying by the minute. This morning I reached for my toothbrush, and it flew to my hand without me putting too much thought into it.

The waves slap over the shore in a fit of thunderous drumming, and I wince because it feels as if I just stuck my head in a blender. Sure would be nice to have some peace after a long day of dodging Dudley, not to mention the random girls my mother decided to throw my way. I glare over at the waves for a moment. I wonder if.... I hone in on them and demand they settle down. The tide comes in and washes back out, pulling the sand into the ocean before regurgitating itself at our feet. Didn't think so. I suppose my newfound gift of having objects do my bidding is an offshoot of my mother's abilities. But an unsettled feeling in my gut says it isn't.

"Would you look at that?" Skyla marvels while gazing out at the water. "It was wild just a minute ago, and now it's perfectly glassy and calm."

"Shit," I whisper. The pounding waves have been replaced with mild lapping along the shoreline, and I can actually hear myself think for once down here.

God. I stare out at the vast ocean with its unknowable depths, its endless canyons filled with mysterious creatures, and I can't catch my breath. Crap. Did I do that?

"Wait up!" Laken calls out.

Laken and Coop head over, and we start a fire down by the newly settled shore. They relay how they met and how Wes turned into an ass**le who chose the Counts over Laken. I'd never do that in a million years. You could lay the universe at my feet, and I'd never choose it over Skyla. What good is power if you have to surrender your heart?

"Wes must really be kicking himself now," I say, pulling Skyla deeper into my lap. "He's stuck with Chloe Bishop"-I glance to Coop-"and you've got the girl."

"Gage." Skyla shoots me a look that lets me know I've stuck my foot in my mouth.

"Sorry."

"No, it's okay." Coop drops a kiss onto Laken's head. "You're right. But Wes is so twisted he doesn't think for a minute this is finished. I'm just some hiccup that's standing in the way of what he really wants, control over the Counts and Laken."

"Only he'll never have me." Laken nestles into Coop. "And that's where things get dangerous."

"For you or everybody?" Skyla asks it low like she already knows the answer.

"Take a guess." Laken stares off into the flames. "Wes is convinced I'll be at his side once again. He said he had a vision from the Justice Alliance that assured him of this."

Shit.

Skyla goes rigid in my arms because we both know if the Justice Alliance imparted a vision, it must be true.

Laken's forehead creases. "You believe him?"

"It's not that we believe him," Skyla starts. "It's that if it's true what he said-well, the Justice Alliance is a no bullshit league. You must align with him over something."

Coop drops his gaze to the sand before cinching Laken tighter in his arms as if she were already slipping away. "I can't see it happening."

"It's not," Laken assures. "Look, the reason we wanted to talk to you in private is because the Counts are coming back strong. Wesley's already banded a brigade of fearless ass**les who are willing to stomp out any rule or control that Celestra might have."

"Celestra won the war," Skyla's voice trembles when she says it. I can feel the anger percolating inside her because the war cost us more than any of us thought possible.

"He doesn't care." Coop picks up a stick and stokes the flames. "To him this is personal. And believe me, he's going big. It's not enough to just take me out. He's taking out all of Celestra right along with me. I think the other factions are in danger as well."

"Let him try." Skyla's chest bucks with a laugh. "I'm the overseer of the factions. I'll shoot down every crap idea the Counts try to throw our way."

Coop shakes his head. "They're not checking in with the factions, Skyla."

"Then we'll take them to court." Skyla looks to me for support.

"I think I know where this is headed," I whisper, brushing the hair from her face. We'll have to prove it, and if Wes is as elusive as we think he is, then it might be a mission in futility.

"Then we're right back to the beginning." She folds into me for a moment.

"Look"-Coop sighs-"we are telling you because you're the overseer. You can alert whoever you need to. But one of our first goals should be closing down those tunnels."

Skyla jerks a little when he says it. The only way Skyla can ever see the truest version of Logan is in those tunnels as her Elysian. The version running around on the island is simply in a Treble, a visitor from another time.

"I agree," it comes from her weak. "I really do hate that place. It's horrible."

"My baby sister and mother would also agree." Laken takes a deep breath. "I think we're going to take off, but, please, think about what we said. Wes is far more dangerous than he'll ever let you believe. I think we're all in danger, Skyla. And, with your pull, you might actually be able to stop him."

"This alliance he's building"-Coop helps Laken to her feet-"it's called the Steel Barricade."

"How do you know so much about it?" I ask, still not sure we should trust either one of them completely.

Laken nods as if she understands the root of my question. "My brother, Fletch, is good friends with Wes. That's all the information he's given me." She glances at Coop. "He says he could be killed if he says anything else." Her voice breaks, and I can tell she loves her brother. I know how heart wrenching it can be to lose one. I lost Logan.

They take off, and Skyla and I lay back and watch the stars appear and disappear through a thick curtain of fog. It's as if Paragon is being pulled apart and put back together again with the ebb and flow of the mist, growing in strength with its secrets like I am in power.

"What's on your mind?" I pull Skyla over me, and her hair falls around my face like a wreath.

"This entire day has been toying with my mind, and, quite frankly, there's not too much of it that I care to remember. This is a lot for me." She slips to my side and outlines my features with the pad of her finger. "I'm stressed, and I haven't even begun my job as the overseer."

"Whoa." I press her finger to my lips and kiss it. "No stressing allowed. We're at Rockaway. This is a no-stress zone."

"Good. Because I just want this to be about you and me." She takes a deep breath, and her bathing suit peeks out from under her T-shirt. We never did swim. "Anyway, maybe tonight we can forget about the world for a while." Her eyes skirt up to mine with the slight look of uncertainty.

"I think every night"-I scoop her in my arms-"every day should be about us, Skyla."

Her lips expand with that sexy-as-hell smile. "I like where your head is at, Oliver." She runs her hand over my chest. "In fact, I like where the rest of you is at as well."

"Oh, yeah?" I kiss her with a laugh caught in my throat. "I think you've got everything you need in all the right places, too." Her tongue slips into my mouth, and I give it chase with mine for a small eternity. Here we are again lost in one heated kiss, my hard-on shouting at me to get the game going, and if she wants to progress I'm not going to stop her. Skyla slips her hands up my shirt, warming her iced fingers over my chest. I pull back to look at her. "You're freezing." Goose bumps trail up both her arms as she shivers against me.

"That's what you're here for, to heat me up." She bites down on her lip as the moon dusts her with its waning light.

"You're the most gorgeous girl I've ever seen, you know that?"

"Don't tell your mother." A laugh bubbles from her throat. "It looked to me she was convinced Kresley Fisher is the prettiest girl you'll ever see."

"I don't care about any of my mother's friends or their daughters for that matter. It's you, Skyla. It's always been you." The fog sprays us with its heavy mist as I help her to her feet. "Let's get you home before you get pneumonia. I'm pretty sure I'd have every faction in the universe pissed at me if I let their fearless leader get sick."

"Stop." She swats my arm before pulling me in. "We need to figure out how we're going to do this." She gives my hand a tug.

I think I know what she's alluding to, and I couldn't agree more.

"We will." I walk her to the truck. "This is it for us, we're only moving forward from here on out. Are you sure that's what you want?" A part of me had to ask.

"That's all I want."

A loose grin breaks out on my face, and I can't control it.

Skyla and I are ready to cross that final threshold.

We're standing at the proverbial door, and I want to make sure we do it right.

The hell if I know what right is, but I know for a fact it's coming.

After church on Sunday, Skyla and I work a shift at the bowling alley. Ellis has this place running like a fine-tuned machine, and I'm glad because I'd never have the time to take care of it like he's doing.

"Thanks man." I slap him over the shoulder after the crowd dies down.

"For what?" He passes Drake a free soda, and I rethink my stance.

"For taking care of the bowling alley. I'm sure if Logan were here he'd thank you, too."

"Dude"-he cracks open a soda himself and offers it to me before taking a swig-"that f**ker is getting on my last nerve." Ellis shakes his head before downing the rest of his drink. "His brother is a pretty cool guy, though. But Logan, man, he's a real head case these days."

"What?" I glance over at the far end of the bowling ally where Skyla and Brielle are sneaking in a game. "So you've seen Logan and Liam. Where are they?"

"They're at Dudley's. Liam's been killing me on the battlefield, if you know what I mean, but Logan's got his head tucked so far up his ass it's like he can't enjoy life anymore."

"That's because he's dead, Ellis." I cut a look out the window only slightly pissed that Logan chose to reveal himself to Ellis Harrison of all people before me.

"I agree," Drake pipes up, bobbing his head into his drink. "He's been at the Gas Lab all week talking to Chloe and Pierce. It's like he's a zombie or something."

Chloe and Pierce no longer exist in their natural forms, but I'm pretty sure explaining that to Drake would be a lost cause, so I don't bother.

"So he's back." I fold my arms over my chest and relax against the counter. "I guess I'll be next." I stare over at Skyla because I know for a fact I won't be next-she will. "Or maybe I'll just wait my turn." He said he'd hold off until we cemented ourselves as a couple. I shake my head. It looks like Logan isn't ready to let that happen anytime soon. Not that I could really blame him. I'd be moping with the best of them if the situation were reversed.

Ellis pulls out the disinfectant and gives the can a quick shake.

"So what's up with you and Messenger?" He nods over while sizing her up. "She put out for you?" He squirts the aerosol into the air and takes a whiff.

"Shut up." I groan, thankful that Skyla and Brielle are nowhere near this conversation.

"Dude, I'm just saying, you've been a little tense around here yourself. I can't help but wonder if she's shutting you out."

"Skyla's not shutting me out. I've never technically been in." Crap. Did I just go there?

Ellis and Drake both blow back a notch as if I've spoken the impossible. And for them, holding out this long probably would be.

"Well tell her to get in"-Ellis points hard at his crotch-"or get the eff out." He sprays the solvent in the air again and takes another whiff.

"Would you give me that?" I don't hesitate snatching it from him. "And I'm not giving her some stupid ultimatum. Besides, I've already got a game plan."

Harrison loses himself in a minute-long howl. "Effin' Oliver." He slaps my back so hard, I swear I feel a vertebrae pop. "The man with the plan."

"Dude"-Drake leans in ready to impart his nonsensical advice-"shake your balls at her. It gets 'em going every single time." He glances over his shoulder. "That gets my girl moving every night of the week if you know what I mean." He and Harrison share a fist bump, and I'm quick to smack Ellis's hand away.

"Ellis, if you know what's good for you, you'll keep your balls away from my sister. If I hear you touched her like that, I'll lose all patience."

"You lose all patience?" Ellis lets out a howl as he digs for something under the counter. "They should put up a statue in your honor, you're so damn patient. Skyla doesn't know how lucky she is to still have you hanging around." Ellis pulls out a sheet of paper and draws a giant set of parenthesis before slashing a small X where the two ends meet at the top. "Here, let me help you. X marks the spot my friend. That's where you'll want to set up shop. But be warned, it might take her a good long while before she's shouting Ellis, Ellis, Ellis!"

I glare at him a moment.

"All right, or in your case, Gage. Anyway, make tiny circles and shit until she starts to get off. Go fast, but not too hard, and you'll have her melting all over you in no time."

"You must be pretty whooped." Drake shakes his head, sorry for me. "So what's the plan?"

I glance up at Skyla and whisper, "Marry her."

He all but knocks over his drink. "What the f**k would you go and do that for?"

"Because I want to. Because it's the right thing to do."

"Dude, is that why she's holding out? She's had you by the balls for a measly band of gold all along. Diamonds and gold." He slaps me over the shoulder. "Worse sex trade of our time."

"I don't know about that." Now to figure out where and how to propose.

Skyla's laughter echoes through the bowling alley, and I'm mesmerized by her. Maybe the bowling alley? After all, this is the exact same place I first laid eyes on her, the day we officially met.

Or there's always Rockaway.

Yeah-Rockaway.

Logan

Near midnight, Dudley's overgrown home blossoms into a den of debauchery and perversion. The thick scent of sex and booze lights up the air as a full-fledged brothel breaks out around me. There's an oblong mirror by the piano that acts as a porthole to some seventeenth-century bordello, and, low and behold, every one of the raunchy ladies of the night are present and accounted for-entertaining an entire shit load of frat boys Ellis imported from Host. Of course, he's raking it in-making a profit on night one, unlike me.

I head over to Harrison as he conducts the money grab at the door.

"We should probably knock this off," I say, trying to figure out where the hell Liam went and with whom. I tried to tell him these were lice-infested beauties with old school STDs guaranteed to knock his balls right off his body, but he was stoned, and drunk, and had a hard-on he's been using like a crutch all night.

"Dude, I'm making money hand over f**king fist." Ellis barks out a laugh while snapping up twenty-dollar bills, fast and furious. "I ran over to Host to drop off fliers and caught the tail end of the G-man's pre-game. Dude-Gage is buffed out. You got to see him. Game sucked. Defense is off if you ask me."

I'd like to see Gage, but I'm pretty sure he doesn't want me hanging around just yet.

"Yeah, well, nobody asked you." I swat him over the stomach. "I'm going to head out back and see if I can't find Dudley. I want to end this mess before the Paragon PD shows up and arrests a bunch of women who bit the dust three centuries ago."

The next douche in line leans over Ellis's shoulder. "You got old ladies in there or something? I thought you said this was a fresh batch of love honeys?"

"They are." Ellis shoots me a look. "They're as fresh as they come." He takes the asswipe's money, and the line moves along. Ellis digs into his pocket and fishes out a fat blunt. "Take this." He slaps it in my hand. "Chill out. Find some chick that looks like Skyla and have some fun, dude. Time flies when you're doing it and all that good shit."

"Right." I head back into the bustling estate. I drop the doobie on the floor and grind my heel into it like it's a cockroach.

The piano is going off with an explosion of ragtime music. The keys move so fast it looks as if someone is shaking them out like a sheet. Of course, it's playing itself. Sort of reminds me of my stay in the Transfer. I need to get out of here, hell, I'd take the Transfer over this hooker hovel any day. Then it hits me, and I know exactly where I want to be.

I head out the back into the still of the night, the laughter and drilling of the ivory dissipates the further I get away from the house. I bypass the corral with its braying horses, the lazy-as-hell llamas, and head over to the barn. Dudley's been spending an awful lot of time out here, and, for the life of me, I can't figure out why, well, other than Ellis's sock collection amassing behind the furniture, the belching contests he and Liam have been propagating nightly, and don't get me started on the stench, especially after Ellis treated us to the late night food truck offerings.

"Dudley," I belt it out. I'm not in the mood to kick the mounds of hay he has lying around to see which one he might be hiding under.

A flurry of whispers come from the far end, and I freeze.

Is Dudley out here with some chick? My chest thumps with a laugh. Looks like all this I'm-waiting-for-you-Skyla bullshit he fed her was just that. Knew it.

I focus in on the far end of the barn and teleport over, stealth as a light driving ninja. A panicked set of whispers ensue, and I pluck out my phone. Damn straight I'm getting a picture. I can't wait to use it against him, too. I bet it's that chick Marlena that bears a striking resemblance to Chloe. She's spent all week trying to land Dudley horizontal. I stick my phone in the stall and snap away just as a four hundred pound mass of muscles knocks me down from behind and leaves its hoof print on the back of my head before trotting away.

"Shit."

The girl runs out, and all I see are a pair of pale legs, her fists bunched up in her emerald dress as she hightails it the hell out of here. I catch a glimpse of her long, blonde hair-those familiar curls give her away.

"Skyla, wait!" I jump up and give chase into the thick of the forest, but it's so damn dark I nearly knock myself out on three different occasions. "Skyla!" I scream so loud my voice comes back to me as an echo. The cold Paragon air knifes its way into my lungs as I pant after her. The fog has softened the landscape, and I welcome the dew settling over my skin as my clothes stick to me like wet paper.

"Now look what you've done." Dudley pops up next to me, adjusting the buckle on his belt. "You scared her away like a frightened kitten. I doubt she'll be back for a good long while."

"What are you crying about? That whore is a dime a dozen. Turn around and pick up another wench right out of your living room."

Dudley knots my shirt up with his fists and jams me into the trunk of a pine so damn hard I swear I've left an impression.

"That was no whore, nor will I tolerate you insinuating she's dispensable."

"Crap." I lean my head forward, and the landscape splits in two for a second. I look up at the seismic Sector and bleed a grin of satisfaction. "Knew it-it was Skyla." His features dull out because he knows he was bested, and I push him the hell off me. "Is she cheating on Gage?" Words that I never thought would come from my mouth.

"No. Jockstrap has yet to forge a union." He dusts his arm off. "Which reminds me, the next time I'm up for a dalliance in the barn, I'm erecting a protective hedge that doubles as an electric fence." He spears me with a look. "Believe me, once you connect with it, you'll wish for death in the traditional sense."

"That's my problem, I can never seem to find it." Not that I'm looking. "You know what I do want to find?"

"If you're about to demand another 'burger run,' you can forget it. I've double checked the manual, and it was a clear violation for you to insist I do a 'drive by' for a dozen dollar cheeseburgers at three in the morning."

"You're my supervising spirit. You do as you're told."

His lips twitch with the hint of a smile, and something about that low lying growl he's omitting lets me know I've crossed the line.

"Is that what you dragged me out here for?" His eyes ignite like two angry torches. "To tell me something?"

"Yes." I blow out a white plume in the direction Skyla ran off in. "Take me to the Transfer. I want to find Demetri's son and shake the shit out of him for the fun of it." Maybe then Wes will cough up the real truth of why the hell he's here, and, more importantly, why the hell he's wearing Gage Oliver's face like a mask.

The paper lantern fog is exchanged for a dense blue smoke that swirls around our feet. Dudley lands us outside of the lab and into the dark underworld with its macabre landscape-nothing but burnt out trees, a vast desert of disappointment under a horrible lavender sky. The discards from eras gone by roam the streets. Women in large hoop skirts, men with handlebar mustaches and cumbersome tuxedos with top knotted ties walk arm in arm with the ladies. They swarm around us with their ceaseless chatter as if we were novelties. The stench of a burning carcass seeps into my nostrils, and I dig my face in my sleeve a moment to catch a decent breath.

"Where to?" I glance around. It never changes here. It's destitute, and lonely, and you can feel your soul trying to claw its way out of this hellhole like a cat at the bottom of a well. This is truly a place for the damned. And truthfully, I can't think of a better place to house Demetri's son and Chloe.

He nods over to the haunted mansion, an oversized estate that happens to be the twisted doppelganger of the one Demetri erected for himself on Paragon, albeit this one is nothing more than a ramshackle haunt for the haggard residents.

Something dark and sinister hovers just past the skeletal mansion with its crooked frame and rows of broken windows.

"What the hell is that?"

An ebony-colored villa sits in the vast desert, tall and looming. It looks storybook-like with its cylindrical towers that spear into the sky. Its grand entrance is tall enough to greet a dinosaur.

"Looks like someone wanted to let Daddy know he's got a bigger dick," I say as Marshall and I storm the castle. I point at the double doors, each adorned with the face of a roaring lion, the eyes bulging as if it were caught mid-strangulation. Dudley holds out a hand, and the doors creak open. It's dimly lit inside with the only light coming from a raging fire in the cavernous room to the right.

"Holy crap." I groan as I take in the elaborate decor. The floors and walls are covered in limestone. The room is adorned with heavy wood furniture, each piece far more ornately carved than the last. In the center of the room sits a globe immersed in water, rolling continuously as a wash of liquid rinses over the top. Against the far wall, a fireplace, large enough to roast a bear on a spit, crackles with raging flames. Just above that, a gilded mirror stretches to the ceiling with a wrought iron vine and roses snaking its way around it-the glass inside filled with brewing smoke. "Nice touch. I suppose he gazes into it each morning and asks who's the fairest of them all. And from the looks of Wesley, I'm betting it's still Gage."

"I wouldn't give young Wesley that much credit," Dudley spews.

"And why's that?" A thunderous voice booms from behind, and we turn to find my nephew's features whored out to this Countenance wannabe. We all know he's a Fem at heart.

"Simple," Dudley croaks. "Because of the lineage you keep. It affords you an ego the size of Ahava. You're as shameless in your vanity as you are entitled."

That about sums up Demetri-entitled. And if Dudley is right, and he always is, it sums up his spawn as well.

To his left, two large glass vials catch my eye-ten feet tall, with a circumference of about two feet wide. They're each filled with blue fluid, back lit as if to illuminate them as art. I recognize them as the exact ones Ezrina had in her laboratory-the ones she used to store dead Counts in-the same one my body happens to be floating in, safely locked in a vault back on Paragon.

"What do you want?" Wes strides over toward the globe in its watery grave and skims his hands over the top, making the mammoth stone jump at his command.

"What do you want?" I make my way over, agitated, because for one, I can't get over the fact this isn't Gage.

"It's uncanny isn't it?" He cracks a dull smile, and those familiar ditches in his cheeks dig in.

"No stone unturned," I muse. "I guess the devil really is in the details."

"Not true." Wes glances to the floor a moment, and when he looks up, his eyes are glowing like green flashlights. "Mine aren't the right color."

The floor bucks and rocks.

Something about this entire experience reeks demonic, and I'm about to hit the exit.

Wes steps toward me. "But I can rectify that." His eyes cut out the light show and morph into the perfect shade of cobalt just like my nephew's.

"Shit," I mutter under my breath.

"It gets better." His forehead bulges at either end as a pair of horns spring forth, thick and curled skyward like that of a ram. He loses the headgear as quick as it came and trades it in for an oversized pair of white-feathered wings that span five-feet on either side. "Or perhaps this is more to your liking?" The feathers turn to cinder, then black as pitch, and his features elongate with the shadows, making him look scarier than shit. He morphs back into Gage and offers a simple smile.

"Impressive." I glance back at the glass caskets. "Expecting company? Or is that where you and Bishop hop in to relax after a long day of playing with the dead?"

"Did someone call my name?" The clatter of heels brings forth none other than the girl who decapitated me in the ethereal plane-the one who inverted her entire existence trying to win the heart of the real deal, Gage.

"Ms. Bishop." Marshall mock-bows as she sweeps into the room with her red silk robe, open low in the front-her six-inch stilettos that look as if she's walking on tiptoes. Her hair is down to her ass, black as midnight, her face as sculpted as ever. Chloe Bishop looks as if she could give any supermodel a run for her money, and, yet, all I see when I look at her is dross, and scum, and the vilest of creatures to ever walk the earth-not to mention the fact she's a traitor to Celestra.

"Logan." She proceeds to ignore Dudley's greeting. She takes up both my hands, and I pluck them back. "I see how it is." Her features soften. "I beg of you to forgive me. It's a living hell down here. He's having me do all kinds of twisted things that I'm one hundred percent sure you wouldn't approve of."

"I doubt I'd protest too much," I growl. "Although, I hardly think mounting you nightly while he looks a hell of a lot like Gage serves as punishment. It seems to me you landed in your own private paradise after all. Trash like you, Chloe, always manages to land on its feet."

"Is that any way to talk to a lady?" Wes mocks as he lands his arm around her shoulder.

Chloe bleeds a wicked smile. "Why don't you show them what a lady I can be?"

"My pleasure." He drills his eyes into mine. "And believe me, it has been my pleasure." He touches his hand over Chloe's head, and her features melt and morph until Laken's likeness takes over.

"Crap." I shake my head. He's defiling Laken in a round about way. "This is wrong, Wes."

"You're right." He never takes his wicked eyes off mine. "That's where I draw the line. I would never do that to Laken." He's holding back that shit-eating grin, I can tell. Laken's features melt away, and Skyla forms before us. "Why don't you go upstairs and get ready for me?" He gives the back of her hand a kiss. "It's time for bed."

"Help me, Logan," she pleads convincingly. Skyla looks back at the two of us as if it really is her trapped inside that body, and, for a second, I think of beating the shit out of Wes.

What the hell.

I charge him, and Dudley holds me back.

"That's exactly what he wants you to do." He grips me by the shirt and knocks me to the cold, hard floor. "I've seen enough." He tosses a hand in the air, and the landscape behind Dudley's estate reconfigures itself.

"What the hell did you do that for?" I sit up and spit out a chunk of fresh Paragon soil.

"I believe it's not Skyla we need to worry about."

"It's Laken?" I stagger to my feet and inspect him.

"No." He cuts a perturbed look back to the raucous party still ripping into the night. "It's Gage."

4

Underneath a Lavender Skyla

Skyla

Friday night, the field at Host University is flooded with students and parents alike, for, this, the first game of the season. Brielle and I find a seat up high in the grandstands where we have an eagle's eye view of the entire stadium. These are the big leagues compared to West Paragon High. These were infinitely more serious games than those backyard brawls the boys played at home.

The boys-as in Gage and Logan. I finger the mirrored heart dangling from my necklace and cradle it in my hand. It sits faithfully right next to the Eye of Refuge, the protective hedge, that Logan and I fought so hard for, a baby blue stone set in silver filigree. But this heart is the same one Logan gifted me last year on my birthday. I hold it out and read the inscription on the front, Whitehorse. It's the name of the street Logan built our dream home on-right on the sandy white shore across from the bowling alley. I flip the mirrored heart around and read the inscription on the back.

Skyla, you'll always be my princess.

I sniff back tears and shake my head as I take in a lungful of sheeted fog. If I close my eyes, I can fool myself into believing this is Paragon-that it's last year all over again, and at any minute Logan will stand next to Gage out there. But, then, if it were last year, I'd be out on the field right there with them in my cheer uniform with Brielle by my side, and, well, Chloe. As much as I miss West, I miss nothing about Chloe Bishop.

The game starts, and I struggle to see Gage, struggle to see anyone down on the field. The floodlights are hitting the fog just right, and, the way the mist is wafting in and out, the field is only visible for a few short seconds at a time. The dragon painted across the Student Union-Omen-stains the night, emerging and slipping away in the fog like a nightmare. His serpentine body flexes in the shape of the letter S-demonic and foreboding. The artist chose a motley palate of blistering reds, sepias, and caustic greens to bring his scaly form to life. A mammoth fire barrels out of him with such realism it's a wonder the building hasn't burned down. His eyes shine like red traffic lights as they illuminate into the night. He's horrific in every way-menacing to look at right down to his charred, feathered wings.

Brielle leans in as the game gets underway. "Did you hear Chloe is coaching cheer?"

I cinch back. "Mia said something about that, but it can't be true."

"It's true all right. I had to go and pick up some crap I left in my locker, and, sure enough, she was right there, barking out orders with Em like it was yesterday." She averts her eyes. "Well, it was yesterday, but you know what I mean."

"Holy shit." I sit up stunned by the news. "What the hell does this mean?" God, I'm going to have to talk to Mia and Melissa and pray it's not too late to inoculate them against all of Bishop's schemes. But what the hell would she be scheming now? I mean, it's pretty much a done deal-Gage is mine. "I guess she really is obsessed with cheer."

"Totally. There's nothing Chloe loves more." She gives a sideways look.

"What?"

"Nothing." She reverts her attention to the game.

"Maybe we should just drop it." I'll die before I let Chloe steal any more attention from this game. It's Gage's first time on a college field. This is huge, but deep down it's killing me not to know what the hell Chloe is up to. "Okay, spill it Bree because there's no way I'll be able to focus tonight if you don't tell me whatever the hell it is you know."

"Fine." She sighs as if I had worn her down. "She just had questions, you know, about Gage. She misses him and wants to know what he's up to and with who."

"With who?" As if. Chloe is trying to throw me off the scent. "And what did you say?" I strangle her arm in the process.

"Relax, would you?" She does her best to push me away, but I'm immovable. "I said he's busy at Host with you. There. Happy?"

"Yes, I'm delirious." I smooth out the sleeve of her sweater before replacing my hands on my lap. Someone calls a timeout down on the field, so I don't feel too bad dividing my attention. I do a quick sweep of the stands and spot Dr. Oliver and Emma sitting down front with Dr. Flanders by their side. I bet Laken is here somewhere. I look to his left and spot her looking up, so I wave her over.

"Laken!" I shout as she makes her way up. As soon as she gets close, I pull her into the empty seat next to me. "Laken, this is Brielle-Bree this is Laken."

"Nice to meet you." Laken extends her hand and they shake. "My boyfriend made it as a walk-on." She pants it through a smile to Brielle.

"No way!" Brielle bounces in her seat. "That's awesome!"

"I don't think they'll play him tonight, but we're pretty excited."

The game starts up again. The team is all the way at the other end of the field, and it's impossible to tell who's who. Both teams' uniforms are white, and from here it's hard to make out Gage's number-unlucky 13.

A group of hyped up cheerleaders shout and dance down on the grass in front of us, and I can't help but notice how cute they look in those ultra short skirts, their white cropped sweaters with a crimson ribbon running through it at the waist. Those high ponytails, that bright red lipstick-it all brings back memories from West, and, ironically, I think they're good ones. It's nice to know Chloe hasn't marred my feelings for West in general.

"Earth to Skyla." Brielle runs her hand over my face. "Don't tell me the cheer bug is biting you on the ass again."

"No-it's just I sort of miss cheering for Gage."

Laken leans in and wrinkles her nose. "I hated cheer. I was the most uncoordinated person out there. I'm surprised I wasn't mistaken for a Spectator and shot on sight."

I give a little laugh before leaning into Bree. "Spectator's are these zombie-like creatures."

"I know," she says it curt while lifting a shoulder in Laken's direction.

"So, what are you guys doing after the game?" Laken leans in extra hard, trying to reengage Brielle into the conversation. "There's a party at Phi Beta Kappa. Coop says the entire team is heading there afterwards."

"For sure Gage and I will be there." I have a feeling a good college party is just what Bree needs. "And, of course, Brielle will come, too." I turn to Laken. "She's decided to take some time off school, but I'm hoping a taste of some wild college nightlife will be all it takes to lure her back to the scholastic dark side." I bump Bree's shoulder in the process.

"Oh, wait." Laken touches her fingers to her lips. "I think they've got some weird student-only policy. It's some stupid safety implement. You'll need a school ID to get in."

Crap.

"No big deal." I sling an arm around Brielle's shoulder. "We'll just head to a different party. There's got to be one on campus that doesn't require a student ID."

Laken shrinks a little and shakes her head. "Sorry. It was that way all last summer, too. But if you want, maybe we can all go and get something to eat instead?"

Brielle's mouth opens as if she's going to say something before her features sag, and that happy-go-lucky smile slides right off her face. "You know, I think I'll pass. You guys go ahead and party with the boys. They deserve to hang out with the team tonight. I need to get home to Drake anyway."

"Brielle and Drake have a baby," I tell Laken just as the crowd erupts with boos and jeers.

Laken's eyes widen a moment. "I can't imagine raising a baby right now. That must be really tough."

"Oh, we're not raising the baby." Bree flicks her wrist at the idea. "That's what Skyla's mom is for."

Laken closes her mouth, and I shake my head at her. I'll fill her in on Bree and Drake's insanity some other time. Instead, I settle in and watch as Gage runs the ball before getting sacked. He bounces up and dusts himself off again, and I cheer him on, just as hard and enthusiastic as if I were down on that field with him.

We scream our heads off for the Host Dragons and watch as the boys bring it home for a victory of 22 to 13.

An icy breeze whips through the stands, and I pull my hands into my sleeves. I know for a fact things will heat up later because I'll have my favorite warm body to keep me toasty. It's so nice to be in love-to have friends who feel the very same way. I glance over at Laken with a goofy grin plastered to my face only she's not smiling back. She's not even looking in the direction of the game. Her face is pale as chalk, her eyes wide with horror.

"Skyla?" It comes from her weak.

"What's the matter?"

"I thought you said Gage was playing tonight."

"He is."

"That's what I was afraid of."

I follow her gaze, and it takes a moment for me to see whatever it is that has her rattled before he pops into my line of vision, free and clear-Wes.

"Crap. I'm sorry."

"What's the big fuss?" Brielle cranes her neck in the direction we're looking in. "Son of a bitch, she's here!" She bounces in her seat and waves.

"Who's here?" The words hardly leave my mouth before my jaw hits the bottom of the grandstands. "Double crap."

"Who's that?" Laken sounds perturbed by the entire scenario playing out before her. I can't say I blame her. It's hard enough to see your ex after all these years-even tougher when a wench like Chloe Bishop is glued to his side.

"That's Chloe," Brielle chirps. "She went to West with us." She gives an enthusiastic wave in her direction, and, horror upon horrors, Chloe waves back.

I smack Bree in the arm. "She went to West with us? Emily, Lexy, and Nat went to West with us. Chloe killed Logan-remember? In fact, that's the only way we should ever remember her-as a murderer. She's wicked. She's evil. She's the embodiment of all that is wrong with this world and the next."

"And she's heading over." Bree gives a complacent smile into the bleachers.

We head down to the field as the crowd starts to mingle with the team.

Wes and Chloe actually have the balls to head in our direction, and every fiber of my being shakes with anger.

Wes gives a gentle smile, looking every bit like my almost lover, while Chloe snuggles up beside him in a fur coat that cost dozens of rabbits their lives. Figures. The fact Chloe robes herself in death seems fitting.

"Skyla." Wes keeps his eyes on his once upon a girlfriend. "Laken."

Shit. This is definitely not good. Laken looks as if she's going to evaporate right along with the fog if she gets any paler.

Laken cuts a glance from him to Chloe. "I'm sorry, Wes, I'm not ready to do this." She gives my arm a squeeze. "I'll see you later, Skyla." She turns and ditches into the crowd.

"Wow," Chloe chokes the word out. "That's the little mouse that gets you going?"

"Shut up," Wes growls.

I like him just a little bit more now-emphasis on little.

"So, like, how'd you change so fast?" Brielle looks perplexed. "And what's this hanging out with Chloe business?" She giggles to herself. "Aren't you like diabolical enemies?" She turns to me. "It looks like I'm not the only one who needs a refresher on the long list of felonies she's responsible for. Anyway, I'd better run if I'm going to catch the next ferry. I've got a hot date with Candy Crush tonight-hell, I might even let Drake score if you know what I mean. I'm in the mood for a bodily sneeze." She winks in my direction. Bodily sneeze is Brielle's code for orgasm, and instantly Logan wafts in and out of my mind like a sexed-up ghost. "I'll see you at practice, Chloe!" She waves before taking off as if it were the most natural thing in the world to have the queen of mean standing right here in front of me.

I pull Chloe in by that fur ball she's tucked herself in.

"What the f**k are you doing here?" I grit it through my teeth. "And what the hell don't you understand about a banishment?"

"Take it up with your mother." Chloe hocks back and spits in my eye before pushing me off. Something in the sky catches her attention. "I have to go," she hisses at Wes, her face rife with worry. Chloe dives into the crowd like she's evading the police, and, before I know it, a plume of black smoke erupts from that direction.

"I've always figured Chloe was nothing but a ball of gas. And what's with the not-so-discrete disappearing act? She keeps that crap up and she'll land us all in some government test lab before the night is through."

Wes raises a brow. "Not a bad idea," he muses. "But let the record show, I thought of it first." He turns to take off, and I pluck him back by his jacket. "What do you want, Wes? And why the hell haven't you taken my blood?" There it is. A sick part of me has been craving the Tenebrous Woods-dying on the inside to speak to Logan one more time, to touch him.

"It turns out I don't need your blood after all, Skyla." He gently removes my hand and places it by my side. Something in his action makes my stomach sink. Dear God, he's a carbon copy of Gage with the exception of those lime-green eyes. "Now that my full potential has been reached, I'll never need it again."

"Because you're a Fem and all your wickedness has finally been unleashed." Fantastic. Now I'll never see the inside of that hellhole again. Crap. Did I just say that?

Wes smooths his finger over my cheek. "I'm sorry I hurt you." His eyes sharpen over mine. "I'm sorry for a lot of things, but not for what I'm about to do next." Wes turns and takes off into the crowd.

"Wait!" I try to catch up to him, but he's gone, sunk into the sea of bodies, invisible as he blends in with the masses.

What the hell is he going to do next?

Gage changes and meets me at the mouth of the tunnel that leads to the field. The fog dances around us like a river of ghosts as if the Transfer spilled open and let out all its demons tonight, God knows it let out the most wicked of the bunch-Wes and Chloe.

His ebony-colored hair is slicked back, still dewy from the shower, and he holds the scent of soap and minty toothpaste. His dimples dig in when he sees me, and my stomach pinches. Gage has the power to slay me with so little. He's perfection straight to the bone.

"You killed it out there, Oliver." I throw my arms around him tight, and Omen, the dragon, winks at me from a distance.

"That's because I knew you were watching."

Gage twirls me in the air, and we share a kiss that fills me with buoyant pleasure. It's as if we had somehow captured the essence of life-the key to happiness-among the madness, and all that is required to fuel it is the ferocity of our love.

I practically float all the way to Phi Beta Kappa. And just like Laken said, they card us for our ID's before we're let in.

"Shoot, Laken was right. They card at all campus parties, and, now, Brielle will never get to see how fun college life can be."

We step inside, and the music vibrates off the walls. It thumps through my chest as if it were becoming a part of me. It's wall-to-wall bodies, most of them screaming girls.

Gage tucks a kiss in my neck. "Word on the street is, it's the off campus parties you want to be at, so Bree is in luck. Maybe we can get Ellis here and restore some normalcy to our lives." His dimples flex.

"Not a bad idea." I spot Laken across the room, and she turns quick enough to let me know she's avoiding me. "You mind if I go over and talk to Laken alone a minute?"

"Not at all. I'm dying of thirst. You want anything?"

"Water's fine."

I take off toward Laken. It's dark as all hell in here and cluttered with coeds and linebackers. The scent of sweat mingles with sickly sweet perfume and beer, and, as gross as that is, I find everything about tonight electrifying, exciting on a primal level. It's as if I've waited my entire life to get out from under my mother's wings, away from Tad and his cloying behavior. As much as I love Paragon, Host feels like a haven, a refuge I didn't even know I was looking for.

The windows rattle, and I pause for a second. No one else seems to be overly concerned. The music is so darn loud it's probably just the bass. I glance out the front door with its steady stream of girls running in both directions and note a shadow lurking in the door. Strange. Probably just some kid in a trench coat, but I swear I recognize that frame. Those straight as a pin shoulders that pin head-Demetri. But it can't be. It's not like the demon league is set to show up tonight. There's not a problem I can think of in the ethereal plane at the moment with the exception of those tunnels still being open. I'm sure hanging out with a bunch of frat boys and sorority girls is the last place Demetri would want to be. It's not like his son bothered to show his ug-handsome face. God, it's going to be really hard to dislike Wes.

I try to shake it off and focus on the fact that everyone at the party seems in good spirits. Even the opposing team is here, all smiles-drinking from their electric blue Solo cups right along with Host. I suppose they were exempt from the campus policy, but, then again, they have official college IDs.

I come upon Laken as she talks with a group of girls, and to my surprise, it's Lexy and Nat.

"Holy shit-hi guys!" I bounce a little when I say it. Lexy's copper hair is cut clean under her jawline-straight and sleek-in the world's most perfect bob. I swear if I had hair that would do that, I'd wear it the exact same way. Nat, however, was cursed with curls much like myself only hers are far tighter and spring from her head vertically a good three inches before falling into a rust-colored river.

"Messenger," Lexy growls. "Have you seen, Em?"

"Not lately, but I hear she's a great mom." Actually, I sort of surmised that for myself since my own mother isn't raising her child-as she's prone to do with Drake's offspring.

"She's coming to Host." Nat sneers as if I were letting off a foul stench. "She just needs to find a sitter."

And there's that. "Oh, I'm sure my mother would be happy to-"

"Really?" Lexy's dark eyes round out as she texts spastically into her phone. "Emily says cool, she'll be by on Monday. Let your mom know, 'kay?"

Nat socks me in the arm before they head into the crowd.

Crap. Mom is going to kill me for not running this past her first. It's not like she doesn't have her hands and boobs full.

"Your friends are nice." Laken looks mildly pissed at me as she says it. I'm assuming its post-traumatic Wes syndrome, so I give her a pass.

"Looks like they've fooled you." True story. Lex and Nat are a lot of things, nice isn't one of them. "You okay?" I catch her gaze and hold it until she sags into me.

"Seeing him was harder than I thought. Thank God for Coop." She shakes her head. "Wes was never an ass**le. I guess I wish I could hate him. That would make things a hell of a lot easier." Her eyes dart to mine. "So what did he want?"

"I have no clue what he wants." I stop short of telling her she's probably the only one on the planet who can find out.

"He wants me, Skyla." She crimps her lips. "And believe me, I wish he didn't." She bites down hard over her lip. "Anyway, who's this Chloe person? I met her once while time traveling with Cooper. It was prom, and even then I thought she was acting strange."

"That's Chloe for you." I go into the entire story about how she was supposedly banished to the Transfer, how she forced Demetri to kill my father-how she killed Logan herself.

"Oh my, God, Skyla. I'm so sorry."

"I'm sorry, too. But my mother is the one in charge of this celestial circus, and, as soon as possible, I plan on taking this issue up with her." I glance skyward as if she could hear me, and I know for a fact she can. "Anyway, Chloe is an ass of the highest order. Feel free to ignore her."

"She was pretty." Laken's eyes glitter with tears, and she blinks them back. "But I'm over it." She takes a deep breath. "See that boy over there?" She points to Coop who happens to be heading in this direction. "I'm all about him, now and forever." Her features brighten, and her face turns crimson right up to the tips of her ears. "I'll catch you later, Skyla." She magnetizes toward Coop, slow and seductive, and I have a feeling Gage won't be seeing the inside of his dorm tonight like we had planned. But at least Laken will get her mind off Wes.

I turn and find Gage talking with a couple of guys from the team. Funny-I'll never truly get my mind off Wes, not with Gage looking like his mirror image.

I shake my head. So damn strange.

I make my way over with the ground thumping beneath my feet. I'm quick to blame in on the bass again, but we're currently between songs... I glance around at the crowd of cackling girls, the boys with their roving eyes, their tongues wagging at anything with estrogen. Again, no one seems to notice. Then my eyes settle over Gage, and my body melts into a puddle of wanton lust just looking at him. A crowd of girls migrate over to him, exalting him, babbling on and on about something, but he's looking at me. Those piercing midnight-colored eyes spear me, reel me in like a fish. A smile quivers on my lips as I come in closer. His muscles ripple from under his shirt. His biceps are fully formed, tunneling dramatically into the insertions just shy of his elbows as if the sculptor wanted to exaggerate the perfect male form. I can just imagine that six pack, hell, eight pack under his shirt, and I can only dream of what he's hiding in his Levi's. But on a night like tonight-a night where victory reigns and I gave Chloe the finger because I have the real deal in my life-not some Ephemeral knock-off-tonight seems as good a night as any to find out.

"Hey good lookin'." I give Gage a quick wink as I enter his midst. The girls sweep to the side and openly scowl at me. "Do you have a girlfriend? Because I'm sort of in the mood to hookup with someone tonight, and I thought maybe that could be you?"

"It's your lucky night." His dimples dig in, no smile. "My girlfriend is stuck at home with our kid, so she'll never find out."

The circle of sorority skanks give a collective gasp.

"Well, we'd better get f**king, so you can get trucking." I hop up and wrap my legs around his waist, our mouths fusing to one another as a shared laugh rumbles through us.

Gage pushes us slowly through the crowd, through the thumping, the jumping, the laughter, the jeers until the music, the infinite noise and chaos dies down. His tongue runs laps in my mouth, hot and feverish. I hear the click of the door, the slip of a lock as Gage lies me down on a cool, firm mattress, and the room stops up with a muted silence. His hands travel up my sweater, and I work on unbuttoning his jeans. I can feel his hard-on pressed over my stomach, intrusive, alarmingly huge. Gage pulls off my sweater in one seamless move, and the protective hedge goes right along with it. His mouth moves to my neck, and his hands clasp over my boobs, hard and determined.

"Gage," I pant lower than a breath and the windows tremble in rhythm to my body. The moon streams in, bleaching us out into its black and white world.

"Maybe we should think about this?" He whispers, running his tongue along my jawline. I'm getting the feeling it was a rhetorical question.

"I don't want to think about it anymore." I pull his lips to mine and fall into a pool of heated kisses.

This is it. This is our moment. All of the waiting, the anticipating, its coming to a head and now there's only love to make. Every craving we've ever had is ready to unleash.

"Shit." He pulls back wild-eyed.

"What's wrong?"

"I forgot the basics." And by basics I'm guessing he means condoms.

Gage looks away for a moment before smiling down at me and reverting his attention to where it should be-on my cle**age.

"We can do other things." He reaches back with one hand and unhooks my bra before pulling it off like a master magician. I rip open his jeans and push them past his hips as Gage moves his kisses lower, past my collarbone down to the center of my chest. He pulls his hot mouth over to the right and lands his lips onto that secret, tender part of me.

Oh, God. I lean up on my elbows and glance at him. Gage Oliver has his mouth sealed square over my boob and just the thought of it, seeing it, the freaking feeling sends a spasm of quivers to that sweet spot between my legs. God, I'm going to have one huge bodily sneeze right here before we ever get off second base. Not that I want him to move. I want him to stay, enjoy second base for a good, long while. Obviously Gage is very f**king good at baseball.

He bites down gently and a hard groan rips from me. He presses his face into my soft flesh, and I can feel him breathing over me as he sucks and grazes tenderly with his teeth.

"Gage." I moan a little louder, a little more seductive than intended. His lips find mine again, and this time I don't hesitate dipping my hands in his boxers. My fingers glide over his thighs, and his muscles stiffen at my touch. I run my hands up carefully until I caress the soft skin at the base of him, warm and heated, as his coarse hairs bristle over my fingers. Holy hell-I'm cupping Gage Oliver's balls, filling both my hands with the most tender part of him. I suck in a hard breath and Gage bites down over my neck playfully as I offer a gentle massage. My hands work their way up until I wrap my fingers around him, hard as sheet rock and... I pull back and glance down a moment. Something about the girth startles me. Maybe I'm not touching what I think I'm touching? Maybe I'm in an entirely different neighborhood.

The moonlight pours over him and-

The room gyrates and shifts.

Knew it.

"Earthquake!" I strangle the shit out of his poor, supersized manhood as the room gives a violent jolt, and I land flat on my back under a lavender sky.

Ahava forms around me with all its crystalline beauty-the lake to my left, vibrant and shimmering.

My mother and the destination station rise to greet me from their invisible thrones, and I close my eyes.

Enough with this already.

Gage

The room shifts, the ceiling spins like a top, and I crash down over my mattress, over my own bed back on Paragon-alone.

I dreamed of roses last night. Skyla and I rolling around in a pile of blood red petals, making love like tigers. It was beautiful, and for a fleeting moment tonight I thought it was a metaphor coming to life.

I glance around my bedroom only mildly curious how I got here, namely because I already know. Skyla's mother has a way of pulling us apart when things are about to get heated. Just what in the hell is she going to do when I marry Skyla? Interrupt the honeymoon with a series of spatial time outs?

A dull laugh rolls through my chest.

Who the hell am I kidding? I can't afford a honeymoon. There's no way I can take care of Skyla the way I want. Half the time I can't even fend for myself.

I make my way to the bathroom with my jeans still sitting below my crotch, my hard-on snaking out into the room like it's looking for a victim. I hop in the shower and don't hesitate jacking off despite the mastabbatical I've been on. I thought if I steered clear it would be that much more intense when Skyla and I finally got together. But this is a unique emergency, and, if anything, tonight proved that it's going to be damn incredible with her whether or not I hold out.

Skyla dances through my mind. I can still feel her pink tongue jammed down my throat, her hands grabbing a hold of me like she meant business. Technically, I think she was holding on for dear life, but that's her mother's fault. I hope Skyla gives her hell. I wish she were here giving me hell with her mouth over my body-my body in hers-it all swirls through my mind in one p**n ographic reel that I've been playing over and over for the past two years. I give a hard groan as I start to come. Damn it all to hell, all I want is to bury myself deep inside Skyla and never leave.

Why the f**k is that so hard for her mother to understand?

That ring pops through my mind.

That's why.

Logan

Dudley's living room jumps three feet to the left, and I cut a quick glance to Liam and Ellis who offer one another a congratulatory knuckle bump because each one believes the other committed the ultimate bodily function.

"You're both full of shit," I assure them while finishing up a text and burying my phone in my pocket.

I finally tossed the piano bench at that damn mirror earlier and caused the quickest exodus of long departed spirits known to man. The darn thing was like a vacuum for lost souls the way it sucked them out of the room in ten seconds flat. Of course, the haunted speculum bounced back into shape, but it hasn't spit out a hooker in twenty-four hours, so that's a win.

"Oliver." Marshall calls to me from the kitchen, and I head over. "I'll be stepping out this evening." He's all decked out in a three-piece suit-with enough frankincense and myrrh to shut down my lungs for a week.

"Cool it on the cologne, would you? Chicks dig it when they can breathe. They prefer this new fangled thing called oxygen. Besides, you can't go anywhere. I just called Ezrina and Nev over." I glance behind him into the kitchen. "And where's dinner? I thought you were whipping up a wild goose or whatever creature's blood you managed to splatter all over the walls."

He glares into me a moment. "It was squirrel, and it was a dinner for one. Do I look like a personal chef to you?" He adjusts his golden cufflinks each with a twin blue stone set in the center that looks startlingly familiar.

"Is that the same stone as the protective hedge?" I gifted the protective hedge to Skyla, and I hope to God she never takes it off.

"Twice as nice, don't you think?" He holds one up to the light, and it winks at us.

It would figure. Skyla and I had to go to hell and back just to wrangle it from Chloe's resurrected hands, and here he's had a drawer full all along.

"Where are you off to all spiffed up?" I smack the dust off his shoulder as if I cared. "1812 having a mean kegger?"

Dudley huffs before shooting a look of disappointment over my shoulder.

"You're off by half a century, but you're often wrong about things aren't you? Like the fact it was a bright idea to pull your brother from paradise so he can systematically destroy his brain cells while syphoning off Harrison's stash."

"At least you're paying attention." I hate it when Dudley is right.

"Yes, well, I'm picking up on more than the lingo-I'm picking up the disgusting scent of this place. Do you know what one of my esteemed colleagues inquired of me this morning? Whether or not I had any 'reefer' on me." He gives a wry smile. "She even offered to engage me in a game of crotch Yahtzee in exchange for the goods." His features harden, pissed as shit.

I give a little chuckle. "You know she offered to-"

"I know what she was inferring." He gives a bleak smile. "Now, if you don't mind, I've a date with a woman six thousand years my junior. I believe you people call that robbing the cradle." He walks right out the door, and I follow.

"More like she's robbing the grave," I mutter. "Who's this date with?"

"My wife."

My stomach cinches because we both know who his "wife" is.

"Your spirit wife," I whisper. "My wife." It comes out with defeat because she's anything but that anymore.

A bottle-rocket of emotion spews from me, and I slam Dudley up against the side of the house for the hell of it.

A jolt of electricity spasms through me, hot and biting.

"Shit," I hiss as my body goes airborne. I fly over the porch-landing hard on my back. "Can't breathe," I hiss as the air struggles to filter back into my lungs.

Dudley strides over and kicks me in ribs, full force.

"Now if you'll excuse me-my wife and I have a rousing game of crotch Yahtzee to tend to."

5

Gage the Revelator

Skyla

"Gage and I were two angels dressed in white-the moon washing us alabaster," I whisper, lying prone, staring up at the starless sky of the ethereal plane. My clothes have been returned to me, my sweater on inside out.

"Is she reciting poetry?" My mother asks one of her cohorts as she glides to where I'm stamped in the ground. She extends her hand, and I refuse the offer, struggling to stand on my own.

"What?" I throw my hands in the air and glare at the two Sectors by her side with their matching Marshall faces. "What are you staring at? I know for a fact Sectors are nothing but sexed-up beings just waiting for the right millennium to pounce on their prey." I poke the nearest one in the chest, and it's like striking steel. "And you-" I glare into Rothello with his long black hair, his glass eye that now belongs to Ezrina because in the twisted world I live in, people can actually run around with another person's body parts-my Chloe arm being a prime example. "You landed me in a war that cost me everything." I stop shy of spitting in his face, only because it would be stooping down to Chloe's level, and, God knows, I'd never want to do that. Not to mention the potential of starting another war-literally. "Be gone all of you. I want to talk to my mother alone." I seethe into her as the wind blows back her hair-her feather-light gown clings to her skin like wet paper as the breeze picks up with ferocity. The air grows increasingly frigid, much like my mother's heart, until the three of them evaporate right out of existence in a hard bite of icy wind.

"Is that all it takes?" I snap. "A little demanding?"

"On occasion." My mother swallows down a laugh as her lips curl on the sides. "Sometimes it just takes asking nicely. I would have thought you knew better."

"And I would have thought you knew better than to pluck me from an intimate moment with my boyfriend."

"Your boyfriend was aggressively procuring intimate relations with someone outside of the bonds of a covenant-with my daughter no less." Her nostrils flare as she glowers at me.

"Is that what this is about? Just because two people want to have sex with each other doesn't mean they have to do something drastic like get married."

"It is the very reason." Her voice cuts through Ahava like a straight razor.

"But Coop and Laken-"

"We're not talking about Coop and Laken, we're talking about you and him."

"His name is Gage." I toss my hands up in frustration. "God, you can't even say his name." I get up in her face. "Gage, Gage, Gage."

She pinches her eyes shut a moment as if she were in pain. "Here." She tosses my necklace over to me with the protective hedge and Logan's mirrored heart clanking against one another. "It looks like you're forgetting important things-important people."

"I know you preferred, Logan." I soften into her while pulling the necklace over my head. "I get it. But he's gone, remember?" My mother openly gave Logan her blessing then proceeded to let him die. Typical. "But you know what? I love Gage. I love Gage, deeply." I take in a breath and hold it because I know what I'm about to say next. "In fact, I'm going to do everything I can to keep Gage safe-alive."

"You'll never succeed." She closes her eyes, and the light in all of Ahava dims for a moment.

"Watch me."

"And how are you going to do this?"

"You're in charge, you tell me." And I'm hoping she will.

"I am in charge." She gives a sly smile. "I'm in charge of knowledge, civilized societies-mathematics."

"That's funny because I sure as heck didn't inherit your math gene." Marshall can attest to that.

"You did, but you never utilized it, so it went underdeveloped. You, Skyla, can do anything you set your mind to."

Is she suggesting I can actually save Gage?

"I can't eat a car."

"You can if you put it in a blender one piece at a time and make a smoothie out of it. Where is your creativity, dear girl?"

"I'm a woman."

"Then act like one."

A burst of adrenaline rushes through me at the thought of saving Gage-of having Gage for the rest of my life right by my side.

"You're saying I can do this." And, in a fraction of a second, I suddenly feel responsible for Logan's death-far more responsible than Chloe ever was. What I'm about to do is far more personal. Chloe murdered him out in the open, and here I am killing him in secret-saying that we can never have our time together because I refuse to let Gage die. Ezrina bounces through my mind as a thought comes to me, but I shelve it for later.

Her eyes narrow in, the same washed blue as mine. "Do you know who Gage is?"

"Yes. We're very close. He's my soul mate, and I don't have it in me to let anybody else die. If I can stop it, I will."

"Do you wish to be his bride?" Her eyes soften, as if she were about to tell me a very sad story.

"Yes. More than anything."

Her hand rests gently over the back of my head. "Would you love Gage without the restraints of your world or the next?"

"Of course." Not that I'm fully grasping the celestial spin she's putting on it, but I think I get it. This is her way of letting her baby girl go.

She narrows in on me disapprovingly. "Despite any false pretenses that may have presented themselves?"

"I plan on loving Gage no matter what the circumstances are in our life. This is it-the two of us forever-the way it was prophesied from the beginning."

"Prophesied by you?"

"By Gage." I avert my eyes at her head games. "I hate to break it to you, but I don't have the gift of prophecy."

"What makes you so sure he does?" She brushes me away with the flick of her wrist. "Nevertheless, I see you're determined to bind yourself to him forever."

"And how does forever fit in with Gage dying?"

"In God's arms, forever in our heart's-time heals all wounds and all that good stuff. Take your pick, mix and match. I'm sure you'll find some adage to make you feel better once the time comes. Now, be gone. I'm having dinner with your father. I'll be sure to fill him in on your intentions with what's-his-name. And you, my love, have your first appointment as the overseer."

Ahava shifts beneath my feet, and I'm transported to a cave-like dwelling lit up with a roaring fire, as tall and violent as a tornado twisting in the back. A circular stone table is set near a wall of rushing water, and it's only then I realize I've been here before. This is the cavern behind the waterfalls, right here in Ahava. The exact place where the faction war came to a close-and that is the exact fire I walked through to secure the win for Celestra. Marshall was with me then.

"I'm here with you now." He appears by my side just as I note dozens of people seated around the enormous table. Marshall holds out an empty crystalline chair, and I'm quick to take it while he sinks down next to me.

Nicholas Haver sits across from us. He's the guy that runs the faction meetings back on Paragon-not that I was ever really allowed at those since I'm not on the flip side of thirty, but, well, here I am right where destiny wanted me all along.

He pounds a ruby gavel into the stone, and the entire room vibrates with the ricochet.

"Welcome to the Council of the Superiors. Representatives of the factions, state your presence."

"Noster." A tall, moody looking woman calls from my right. Her dark hair has a blue cast, and her lipstick is just this side of black. Cool-Noster has a Goth representing.

"Deorsum." A redheaded gentleman with a lisp speaks up, making it sound more like Deorthum in the process. He's adorable. I already like him. "What are you looking at, blondie?" He snaps right at me.

Crap. It looks like Emma isn't the only one of her kind that can't stand the sight of me.

"Celestra," I say, proud.

"Levatio." I look over at the familiar sounding voice and spot Dr. Booth. He gives me a tiny smile, and I wave back.

"Countenance." A thick voice booms from the left, and a stocky older gentleman nods at me with a greasy smile.

He looks unfamiliar, but then, so are ninety percent of the people here.

Nicholas conducts the meeting with little fanfare. Levatio asks permission to collect a global fund from their people to make repairs to half their faction halls.

"Skyla?" Nicholas holds his gavel midair.

"Oh." I jump a little in my seat. "Sure, that's fine."

Nicholas crashes the ruby hammer to the stone, and the cave shakes and thunders. "Until we meet again, may the factions live forever. What says one, what says you all?"

And in concert every last person in the room says, amen.

That was it? I find it hard to believe I fought a war for that. I find it reprehensible that Logan lost his life right here on this very spot so I could one day green-light some construction project. It feels like a slap in the face. But, then, knowing my mother, this was all probably just a ruse. Something big is brewing. I can feel it in my creaky bones.

Nicholas Haver stares me down as if he heard every word. He gives a slight nod as if affirming my theory.

The ethereal plane lights up like a flare. Ahava dissipates into a thousand translucent molecules, and we all disappear.

I jolt awake in my bed, safe on Paragon with Brielle startling to life beside me.

"Holy crap, Messenger." She smacks me in the face with a pillow. "You f**king gave me a heart attack."

There's a mean chill in the air, and instinctually I glance back to see if the window is open, but it's not.

"What are you doing here?" God, it's freezing. I pull myself out of bed and proceed to pile on enough sweats to keep a hairless cat warm in the Arctic. This house has been an icebox for the last few weeks, and right now it feels as though we're sitting in an igloo.

"Just hanging loose." Her lids grow heavy as if she were downcast, which, in and of itself, would be a minor miracle for Bree. "Drake is out with Em. He said something about a bachelor party."

"Nice." He's such a douche.

Brielle inspects me from head to toe with my ridiculous mismatched layers.

"What the hell are you wearing?" Brielle doesn't mince words.

"My sweatshirt." I pluck at it. "And a T-shirt and a couple of tank tops, plus sweats."

"Skyla." Her face contorts with disgust. "You know you can't dress like that around Gage. He's going to think you're purposely trying to scare him off."

"But it's freezing at night." I slip on my ultra thick, comfy socks with the cushioned insides and stretch them up to my knees. "And I like to tuck my pants in my socks like this." I don't hesitate demonstrating, and she jerks back as if I've just committed some cotton-based felony. "It's not my fault Tad never turns on the heat in this stupid house. Blame him for my nighttime fashion faux pas." I shrug and switch off the light. "Besides, Gage won't mind. He loves me."

"Judging by all the layers he's going to have to peel off to get to you, I'd say it'll be a good long while before he loves you."

"Yeah, well, guess who saw a certain Oliver hanging loose for the very first time." I give a soft bounce over the mattress.

Brielle seizes my arm with a death grip. "You did it?"

"Not exactly. But things progressed."

"Details."

"Well, first we pretended we didn't know each other, and that I was some hussy he was stepping out on his baby mama with." Crap, I just mocked Brielle's love life without meaning to.

"Role playing." She considers this a moment. "I like it."

"Then he whisked me off to some abandoned room and slammed me onto the bed."

"Gage as the sexy barbarian? Brielle likey." She lets out a little purr. "So what happened next?"

"That's where things get confusing. I mean we were all over each other, and, well, you see, I couldn't quite understand when..." I take a breath. "At first glance I thought, how did he get his foot up there? Then I thought, my God, is that my foot? Then all kinds of crazy things went through my mind like maybe it's his hand-his freaking arm, but-"

"What the hell are you babbling about, Messenger?" Brielle sounds more than worried for me. "Oh my, God, you saw his baseball bat!" She sucks in a lungful of air. "So I guess it really is that big." She goes to high five me and accidentally smacks me in the face. "Oops, sorry!"

"Crap." My head rings like a gong. "Goodnight, Brielle." I roll over and get comfy on my pillow.

"Wait we were just getting to the good part."

"I thought so, too."

But it turns out the good part involves a covenant.

I'm ready, though. I've been ready for a good long while.

In the morning, Brielle and I head downstairs where melee and chaos reign. Toys are scattered haphazard all over the family room, the kitchen table is covered with cereal as if a Cheerios laden pinata exploded overhead. Mia and Melissa busy themselves arguing over who'll do the mountain of dishes, and I can't help but notice the house looks as if it were ransacked.

"What's going on?" I ask, half afraid I might actually get an answer.

A hard groan comes from the couch, and I turn to find Mom struggling to get up with Misty nursing on one side and Beau sleeping in her arm on the other.

"You could put one down, you know," I say. "It's not a felony." Neither is feeding them with a bottle, but I'll keep my mouth shut about that for now.

I take Beau from her and place him gently on the couch only to have him break out into a shrill scream.

Mom gasps as if a hacking spree is taking place. "Quick-give him back." She motions spastically until I replace the crying babe right where I found him. "He's hitting that jealous phase, and the only way to get through this is to show them an equal amount of attention." She shoves her face in his. "You are amazing!" She belches it out at the top of her lungs. "You are the smartest little boy on this planet!" Her voice reverberates over him until his flesh ripples from the assault.

"Would you knock that off? He's going to be hard of hearing by the time he's out of diapers." I reach down and stroke his fine hair. "Besides, Misty's an infant. Beau is a toddler. He can walk to the fridge and get his own drink for Pete's sake."

Mom rolls her eyes. I glance to Bree for help, but, ironically, she chooses to remain silent on the heated debate involving her offspring.

"Don't worry, Skyla." Mom hoists herself up with the two of them latched onto her body. "You'll see when you're a mother how important it is to keep serenity and balance in your life. It's the quickest route to making sure you have happy children." Beau gives an ear-piercing howl on cue, as she bounces him on her hip. "So what are you girls up to today? Any big plans for the weekend?"

"Just hanging out." I shrug. Mia catches my eye. "With my little sis, if she'll have me."

"Really Skyla?" Mia's eyes enlarge like she actually thinks it's a good idea. Had it been three short months ago I'd swear she was mocking me, but ever since I've been elected as the overseer of the factions, she's informed me at least twelve times a day that I'm the bomb-dot-com. Although I'm not sure anything that happened at the faction meeting has me qualifying for any bomb-worthy title. Sitting in on that meeting was like eating a stack of plain pancakes. It was delicious, but, deep down, it felt like something was missing.

"Yeah, really. We have things to catch up on." I give a little wink because she hinted a couple weeks ago there were pressing issues we needed to discuss. I'd bet every shoe in my closet that those pressing issues all involve boys. I hate to be the one to break it to her but at her age, boys aren't worth the trouble. If I were Mia, I'd steer clear of both testosterone and the Chloe Bishops of the world. That seems to be the safest route out of high school in general-unless, of course, Logan or Gage are exuding said testosterone. Marshall blinks through my mind. Or him.

"We've got practice." Melissa is quick to remind her.

"Oh, I'll take you!" Bree offers. "I'm assisting Chloe, so in a way I'm your new cheer coach, too." She gives a demonstrative hop when she says it.

"Brielle." I shake my head. How many times do I have to remind her that we hate Chloe?

Crap. I can't believe I had a powwow with my mother and forgot to bring up the ungrateful dead. I'll have to see about getting back to Ahava ASAP to deal with the bitchy Bishop. This madness has to end. Chloe cannot be in our lives another single second.

Bree touches her fingers to her lips. "Oh, did you want to help, too? I'm sure Chloe won't mind."

Drake and Em walk in and save Brielle from the early morning slap in the face I was about to supply her with. The truth is, there are no words to adequately relay to Brielle how disappointed I am that she just doesn't get it.

"Morning." Emily runs her fingers through her dark curls, her face set in its permanent scowl. "Thanks for offering to watch, Ember. I think I'm ready to start my life again."

"Yeah." Drake slaps his bare stomach. Dear God, save me. The only thing that boy has on are a pair of boxers and his oversized ego. I still don't see what either Em or Brielle see in him. This entire love triangle makes no sense. "If anyone belongs at Host, it's Em."

Mom looks stymied by the conversation. "Who's watching Ember?"

The room grows strangely quiet. Em does belong at Host. She's a brainiac if ever there was one. She was the valedictorian of our senior class.

Those parties she hosted last year at her haunted house run through my mind. Em's family room with its scary dragon's head stains my brain, and I can't help feel there's some creepy connection between that dragon and the one on Host.

"Hey," I hiss to myself. That strange dragon's head happens to have the same creepy ruby eyes, same ferocious serpentine look as Host's own Omen.

I scoot into Drake while Em sketches something out on a napkin for Brielle. Probably exchanging notes on positions they find to their master's liking.

"Why does Emily belong at Host?" I whisper.

"Me first." Mom pulls me back by the elbow. "Who said I was watching Ember?"

"Sorry, I may have alluded to it." I step back in front of Drake as he's about to pluck a cereal box from the shelf. "What the hell is up with Host?"

Drake pauses from his early morning ritual of selecting just the right amount of empty calories to start off his day.

"Skyla," Mom hisses because clearly she's not in the mood to add to her brood. "Thank you." She softens. "It means a lot that you believe in me like that." She clears her throat while looking at Emily. "I can't wait to watch baby Ember for you. The more, the merrier." Her voice wavers as she bites down on her lip.

"Mom, please, if you're not up to this, just say no." It's clear Mom is going to yes herself into an early grave, and, technically, it would have been me who put her there since I'm the one who volunteered her services to begin with.

"I've got this," she assures as Beau yanks her top up and burrows in for a quick sip.

God, I can't even watch anymore.

"About Host"-I growl into Drake-"spill."

"Shit if I know. Her mom mentioned it a few times-said they were part of some legacy-that they were oh so important." He rolls his eyes while mocking the grandmother of his child. He leans back and squints. "And who the hell cares? Why is everything always so complicated with you? If it's not a f**king war, it's the latest island gossip. Just sit back and enjoy life for once. It's not like all of human existence is riding on your shoulders. Stop and smell the roses would you?"

Em and Bree glance up, and I head over without giving Drake and his bad mental breath another thought. He's just cranky because he most likely spawned another child last night with Em. And, as fate would have it, Brielle is probably knocked up, too. He's just jealous that I've got my life on track and things are moving in the right direction for Gage and me.

"Sit down, Messenger." Emily says it dry as toast, and I do as I'm told, landing smack between her and Bree. "I had a burning vision." She slides a napkin over to me covered in chicken scratch that looks a hell of a lot like an explosive inferno.

"Crap, what's that?" Everyone knows the only true way to kill a Celestra is by fire, and God knows I'm not immune to the flames.

"It means I can't rest until I get it all out and show it to the person it was meant for."

"That would be you." Brielle nods with her eyes fixed on mine. "Brace yourself, Skyla."

Maybe this is it. The moment my existence gets severed in two. I mean it's already happened with Logan, but in the back of my mind I've felt something else coming, something barbaric ready to knock me off my pedestal. The other celestial shoe is about to drop. I can feel it. Its shadow has been lurking over me like an anvil these past few weeks. I glance over at Mia and Melissa still bickering in the kitchen-Drake belching into a bowl of cereal, and Mom sprawled out on the couch with her boobs on display while being milked by two different beings-and soak in the final moments of life as I know it.

"What is it, Emily?" I stare down at the errant scribbles. "What does it mean?"

"That's you, Skyla." She points to a flowering rose before moving her finger around the maddening scrawl. "You're about to fall"-she points into the inferno, then moves her finger lower still-"right into the mouth of the beast. And, this time, you're going to drag the entire world with you." She points to the open jowls of a horrible, demonic-looking creature with knife-sharp teeth, and a blaze shooting out from its mouth. The beast looks vaguely familiar with its serpentine body, its scaly skin, wings of a raven, eyes like fire-it's a dragon. Is this the dragon at Host-Omen?

Brielle clicks her tongue. "That sounds like a real shit storm if you ask me."

"Oh, it will be." Em gravels it out. Her eyes glint to mine. "Whatever this is, one thing is for sure-a decision you make today will effect all of humanity forever."

Em and Bree stare into me wide eyed.

"Well, then." I swallow hard. "I'll just get back to bed and avoid the entire mess all together."

My phone goes off. It's a text from Gage.

You up for a day at Rockaway?

A flood of relief fills me. There's nothing more safe and sane than relaxing in my boyfriend's loving arms.

I text back. I'm in.

Brielle peers over at my phone. "So much for crawling back to bed."

"Oh, that's still very much the plan." I give a curt smile to Em and Bree. "Only now things just got a little more interesting."

I'm so anxious to get the hell out of the Landon landfill, I tell Gage I'll meet him at his house. He's just finishing up with his volunteer coaching at the local Pee Wee football league. He's been there all summer doing some assisting, but today was his last day since school has started up, and he has a pretty rigorous practice schedule of his own.

Brielle helps stuff me into her red, white, and blue bikini, a true testament to the United States of Vagina, considering there's not much to it. Gage may not have seen it the other night, but I'll be damned if I let him get away with that crap today. I take off like a bat out of hell, or rather an angel out of Landonville-babyville-boobville, but considering they're all technically angels residing there as well, it doesn't quite have the same punch.

By the time I make my way to the Paragon Estates, Dr. O and Emma's cars are already gone for the day. In fact, it's only Gage's truck that's neatly tucked up on the driveway, so it looks as if it's all systems go for Operation Seduce an Oliver.

I give a brisk knock at the door, sucking in my gut and sticking out my chest just waiting for those gorgeous blue eyes to fall into my cle**age.

The door swings open, only it's not the Oliver I was expecting, its-

"Logan?"

My heart drops into my stomach. He's tall and bright-eyed, and something is definitely off.

"Liam." He puts his hand out, and I gingerly take it.

"Oh, God." I'm completely without words. My knees shake, my insides liquefy at the thought of who else might be in there. "Is Logan here?" I hold my breath without meaning to. He's got the same sweet eyes, same bone structure as Logan, but he looks like a bad boy through and through-more Brielle's type than mine. Then again, Brielle would be lucky to trade Drake for Liam.

"No." His shoulders drop, and he looks instantly sad for me. "You must be Skyla."

A moment of silence bumps by as we take each other in.

"How do you know?" Deep down, I suspect it's a foolish question, but, selfishly, I want him to tell me.

"Logan never stops talking about you." He gives a tiny grin and a bloom of sadness rips through me. God, he looks so much like his brother. "Don't worry, he left out all the good parts." He gives a little wink. "You want to come in?"

"Um, no, that's okay. Is Gage here?" I suck in my lower lip, suddenly self-conscious of my patriotic standing. I foolishly charged to the door with nothing on but my two-piece. I tried telling Brielle that wearing the American flag as a glorified pasty spelled out all kinds of bad juju.

"He stepped away. But he should be back any minute." He gazes out toward the driveway. "Is that the Mustang?" His dimples ignite. Liam is the perfect combo of both Logan and Gage.

Before I can answer, he's already molesting the grill. He walks a circle around it, eyeing it as though it were a woman before hopping behind the wheel. The Mustang was his father's car, maybe even his. Logan gifted it to me for my birthday the year I got my license. Every time I get inside it feels as though Logan is wrapping his arms around me, taking care of me, keeping me safe with three thousand pounds of steel.

"What's this for?" He plucks at the industrial sized container of margarine Brielle talked me into bringing along on the fiasco.

"Oh, um..." Crap. I reach over and pluck it out of the car as if it were incriminating evidence. "I was just going to wash Gage's truck, and I thought I might rub it on, you know, catch some rays in the process." Perfect. He's going to think I'm a freak.

"Really?" He gets out and takes it from me. "I'll give you a hand." He pops the lid off and scoops out a giant yellow ball. "I'll get your back," he offers and proceeds to glide it over my shoulders before I can protest.

"Oh no, really. It's okay."

Before I know it, I'm doing the downward dog with my hands spread over the hood while Liam indulges me in one hell of a massage.

Dear God up in heaven, I pray Gage is miles from home. If he catches a glimpse of this, we may never recover.

"Here's Gage now," he says, giving a wave from over his shoulder.

"Shit," I seethe.

I glance back to see Gage's eyes round out for a moment-an amused smile cropping up on his lips.

"I see you've met Liam." He holds back a grin.

Crap. I run over like a bullet and wrap my arms around him.

"I swear, you're the only Oliver I want buttering me up."

His dimples break loose, and it's the same feeling I get at the crest of a roller coaster just before the free fall.

"You ready for Rockaway?" He steels a quick kiss off my lips.

I lose myself in his steely gaze. My tongue runs over my lips in a quick revolution. My stomach bottoms out, and I want to throw my hands in the air and scream because hell, yes, I'm ready for Rockaway.

"I'm ready for anything and everything you're willing to give me."

God's honest truth, right there.

I glance back at Liam, Logan's almost twin, as he continues to gawk at my car, and my heart sinks a little.

Heartbreak comes in colors, mostly greys and blues, but love comes in a burst-a rainbow exploding over you like confetti.

I look back to Gage.

And lust, well, it's safe to say that tonight lust comes in cobalt, in raven-colored hair, skin as hard and pale as marble under the kiss of an anemic sky.

"Come here." I lure him over with a curl of my finger-my toes digging into the driveway.

"Everything go okay with your mom?"

I give a slight nod. My celestial mother all but gave her blessing, but it was Lizbeth, my earthly mom, who opened a pathway that I thought could never be. She healed me in so many ways and taught me the truth about love and loss, about what comes next and how important it is to keep your heart open.

I press my hand on his chest like touching heated steel. His lids hood low. That sexy grin presses in over his face, and I can feel our bodies magnetizing like two trains that are about to collide.

And they will.

At Rockaway.

Gage

The sand at Rockaway glows sky blue as the fog illuminates the glossy shore. It's too cold out for a swim or even for a bathing suit, but I'll be the last to tell Skyla that. She's looking hot enough to set the entire island on fire with that homage to the grand old flag. I'll probably never look at the glorified banner again without getting a hard-on.

"It was nice to finally meet Liam," she says it quiet because we both know what question lingers just beneath that. She's naked for all practical purposes wearing the hottest damn bikini I've ever seen in my life, the protective hedge dangles between the girls right along with the heart Logan gave her for her birthday. It's Logan who's here with us, nestled between two of Skyla's most tender body parts as if proving a point.

"Liam was there when I woke up this morning. I had a chance to meet him before I left for practice." I shake my head. "Meeting my long dead uncle." I give a chuckle. "Head trip." I bite down hard over my lip because a part of me doesn't want to say his name. "Logan wasn't there." Easy as ripping off a bandage. I wanted him to be. Hell, I was pissed he wasn't.

Skyla takes a breath. "How was the last day of practice?" She perks up a little as I park on the shore. We get out and start heading toward the grass shack I constructed out of old palm fronds. Small and intimate-most importantly, built for two.

"Practice was great. I can't get enough of those little guys. There are a few I'm positive we'll see in the pros one day. Some of the moms came by afterward and gave me a gift certificate to the Cheesecake Factory. Too bad I don't know any girls who might want to go." I rattle her hand, and Skyla bubbles with a laugh that echoes right over the crashing waves.

Great. Make her think you're willing to step out on her. Bonehead. And here I brought the ring with me because God knows I want to make Skyla much more than just some girl I take out for cheesecake.

"You're terrible, Oliver." She pulls me down to the mouth of our love shack and lands in my lap.

The waves break over the shore, loud as thunder, with their violent white walls crushing over the sand. The ocean growls out a threat as if it were roaring out a warning for me not to propose. To hell with it. My lips are quivering with the question already.

"I am terrible." I take a gentle bite out of her ear. Skyla tastes like strawberries dipped in sugar. "You know what I thought about when I took off from practice this morning?"

"How you wish you got the numbers of all those hot MILFs?" She spins into me as a few stray curls spray over her face like tendrils.

"You think you're funny, don't you, Messenger?" I give her a quick tickle, and she jumps in my lap. "I was thinking that I'd like to coach the little guys one day. You know, maybe ours." My body goes numb. She's so damn beautiful, and now, I went there. Skyla and I had never talked about things like this, but a part of me wants to go there, go everywhere with her.

"Yes." She touches her forehead to mine. "God, yes. I want to have an entire brownie troop with you. You're gorgeous and deserve to be immortalized through an entire legion of miniature people." She pulls back and freezes. It's the word immortalized that threw her. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I'm a realist." I might have a decade left-two if I'm lucky, but I'm not.

"You're lucky." She sinks into me as the smile drops right off her face because she heard me. "I swear to you, Gage, you're not going to die. I'm making sure of that myself."

"Skyla." Damn. I know for a fact there's no way to talk her out of doing anything she's already wrapped her head around. "There's no way in hell I'm going to let you do something foolish to try and spare me. We both know where this train is headed."

A sly smile creeps up her cheek as she offers a quick glance to my crotch. "I know exactly where this train is headed, Oliver, and believe me when I say the Paragon mortuary is decades if not an entire century, away." Skyla outlines my lips with the pad of her finger as her features contort in a bite of grief. "And by then, I'll be right there with you. It's me and you forever, remember?"

The ocean roars like a starved lion threatening to eat her words for her. I'm not sure what's possessing her to say them to begin with. Logan is already nipping at my heels. I can feel him breathing down my neck, ushering me toward the morgue like we were running a play.

"Forever." I nod. That was my ridiculous battle cry, and now here we are staring down the barrel of a ticking clock set at five to midnight. "I'll always love you. I promise." My lips find hers, and we linger over one another in a sweet kiss blessed by the Paragon dew.

"I want to be with you always, Gage." Her forehead wrinkles with despair. Her lips swell a dark shade of ruby like she might cry. "I want to go through all of the stages and ages that life has to offer with you." A tear trickles down her cheek. "I want to see what you see. Do the things you do. There's nowhere I'd rather be than right here by your side." I swallow hard, fighting my own tears, and I'm half afraid she's going to beat me to the punch. "There's not a moment of the day I don't want to spend with you." She wraps her arms tight around me and buries her head in my chest. "Gage, I want to live with you."

"I want all that, too, Skyla." I gently lift her chin until her watery eyes look straight into mine, and I play back every highlight that we've shared from the moment we met, imprinting it from my heart to hers as a vision. The first time we touched at the bowling alley, our first kiss under a blanket of fog much like this one, those countless West Paragon days, holding hands on campus, stealing a kiss under the vicious mural of Cerberus-an entire montage of our time in the butterfly room, the day I lit them up from the inside and now they've never stopped glowing. I end with the war, with Skyla and me fighting elbow to elbow, the day we tossed the flowers into the ocean, right here at Rockaway, after Logan's memorial.

Her eyes widen into mine. Her chest pumps as she imparts her own vision into my eyes. There we are at graduation, kissing under Cerberus once again, finishing off our high school careers filled with love in our hearts for each other, much like we have now.

"And here we are," she whispers right over my lips, and I take the kiss. I reach up and accidently brush my fingers over her chest, grazing her rock hard nipple. I run my hands over her arms, and her skin is prickled with goose bumps. "So can we do it?" Skyla gets on her knees, and I do the same. "Can we move in together?" She nods as if it were the most rational idea, not that what I'm about to do is anymore levelheaded.

"You want to move into the dorm?" A smile cinches up my cheek because I'm pretty sure that's not what she meant.

"Maybe." Her iced fingers travel up my shirt. Her legs are parted just right, and I can't help sinking a glance.

"Skyla, I know this is crazy." My hand dips into my pocket, and I warm the ring with my fingers. "I'm not sure what I'm doing, or how in the world I'm going to support the two of us, but a part of me wants to shelve all that right now." It's not like me. I'm practical, rational-and proposing to Skyla right now is anything but practical or rational. "You're so beautiful." My voice cracks as I take both her hands in mine. "Skyla, I have loved you from before we met." I bear into her, and Skyla's lips quiver. "I promise, I will love you straight into eternity-but for the rest of my time here on earth, would you do me the honor of being my wife?" I pull my grandmother's ring out and hold it between us-the diamond glittering in this dull light.

"Gage." Her eyes drop to the ring. Her lips press together as if holding back tears. "Oh my, God, yes!" Skyla wraps her arms around my neck and crashes her mouth to mine at a million loving miles an hour. I knock us back onto the sand, and my shirt lifts just enough for our stomachs to sear over one another. A groan rips from the both of us, and we share a laugh, our teeth scraping in the process.

"I love you." I dip a kiss just shy of her ear.

"I love you, Gage Oliver, and I can't wait to be your wife."

The ring glides through my fingers as I hold it up for her to inspect. "My grandmother's. Hope you don't mind. But it's special to me, and I want you to have it."

"It's beautiful," she says as I slip it on her finger.

"Just tell me when, and we'll make it official."

Skyla bites down over her cherry lip, her pale eyes never leaving mine. "I know a courthouse on Host that will do it right now."

My lips cinch with a hint of a smile, her eyes still holding mine.

"Well, what the hell are we waiting for?" I scoop her up and race us down the black sand beach, twirling and kissing her on the way to the truck. This is the last time I'll ever be here with Skyla Messenger. When we come back she'll be Skyla Oliver, and the best part is, she'll be mine.

Logan

Lightning shreds across the sky as I step into the Gas Lab. All of Paragon is electrified, lit up like a lantern at irregular intervals. It wipes the gloom from the day, shakes us out of our morbid stupor like bombs going off overhead.

"Oliver." Ethan motions me over while hooking a girl up to an O2 tank equipped to shoot scented air through her nostrils. The Gas Lab is his brainchild or brain fart-take your pick. Ethan is Skyla's stepbrother-not the brightest Landon of the bunch, not that there's much competition.

"What's up?" I give a quick glance at the dim colored walls, the blank canvasses that stretch to the ceiling. Ethan mentioned once they were to empower the customer to come up with their own image. Plus, I'm assuming it was cheaper than purchasing actual art.

"Give up on the big city life so soon?" He nods over to an empty barstool.

"That's right. I couldn't stop thinking of this damn rock, so I'm back." When I died last December, rumor spread I was on the mainland doing my thing, and here I am, right back where I started from, doing my dead thing.

"You need me to hook you up?" He pulls a pouch of something dark and leafy from his pocket-pot. Great. He'll have this place shut down in days if he's dealing on the side. "Chloe and Pierce know you're doing that shit?"

He makes a face, looking toward the kitchen for a minute. "Dude, they're so f**ked up these days. Bishop doesn't even look like herself anymore. I guess it's true what they say-girls let themselves go after high school. She hacked her hair off. She's sporting coke-bottom glasses, and calls herself Ezrina after her long dead aunt or some bullshit. Pierce stopped going to the gym-his arms are like spaghetti. Makes me call him Nev or he won't freaking turn around." He shakes his head annoyed.

"Nev and Rina," I call to the back, and they file out. Nev is wearing his million-dollar Kragger smile, and Ezrina looks staunch, ready to throw my balls into the deep fryer if I cross her.

I go over and lock them both in a simultaneous hug.

"Knock that shit off," Ethan barks as a small crowd walks in. "We've got company."

Nev closes his eyes a moment. "Patrons." But Ethan is already off showing a couple of high schoolers his burgeoning stash.

"Don't bother correcting him." Ezrina leads us to a nearby table. "He's a dolt."

A young girl glances at me before doing a double take. She looks vaguely familiar, but it's her boyfriend I recognize from the faction war.

"Who are they?" I nod to them trying to look inconspicuous, but Ezrina doesn't bother to hide her neck craning.

"Laken Stewart, and Cooper Flanders." She stomps her hand over the table so hard half the people turn around. "Come." She thunders, and they hesitantly make their way over.

Laken's face bleaches out as she looks at me. "You're Skyla's Elysian, aren't you?"

Something unsettles in my chest when she says it. "I haven't been called down to Tenebrous in months."

"That means Wes hasn't..." Laken lets her words drift through the air.

"Cooper," Ezrina growls. "Do you know who I am?" She glares at him, and for a moment I'm not sure of their standing. "You were the best damn Spectator huntsman in three generations." She cuts a bloodlet of a smile.

His eyes narrow as if trying to place her. "Ezrina?"

She holds out her arms and offers up a hug.

"Looks like you cracked the code to the fountain of youth. Good work." He pats her on the back before pulling up seats for the two of them. I segue to the intros and give a brief rundown on why Nev and Ezrina are sporting different faces.

"Looks like you got the better end of the deal." Coop nods. "Congrats. So what's with the uniforms? You logging time frying up some donuts?"

"And don't forget the lucrative endeavor of selling air." Nev smacks his lips in disappointment at Ethan while he whoops it up at the bar. "At least we've managed to convince the moron to sell fresh coffee-roasted beans from Brazil." Nev gives a hard sniff. "It's all in the flavor."

"The devil is always in the details." I look to Ezrina. "Now that we're all here together, why don't you tell us what in the hell Wesley wants with you."

Her lips clamp shut. Ezrina's already made it clear she's not giving in.

"Logan"-she gazes out into the storm, her lips flattening into a thin line-"the less you know, the less danger you're in. I'm not done with Wesley-the Counts or the Fems for that matter."

"She won't tell me what she's up to." Nev looks more than slightly irritated.

"I know what she's up to. I've played this game," I say. "Is that what you're doing, Rina? Taking a cue from the master of disaster?" Because if she is, we both know she's going to crash and burn. I always do.

Her left eye twitches, and for a minute I see Chloe as if she were still wearing that skin. I slept with Chloe way back when. It was the error of a lifetime, but not that big of a deal to Chloe herself. It was never me she was interested in.

"Ezrina." Coop raps his knuckles over the table. "Whatever the hell Wes wants-you have to tell us now. The Counts are after Laken and me. Once they decide they want me dead, I will be." He looks to Laken. "Jones won't let them touch you." He turns his attention to me. "Laken's father is Jones Anderson-a Count with a lot of prowess. I know for a fact he wouldn't hurt her."

"He killed me once before." She tilts into him.

"To bring you to him," Coop counters before looking to me once again. "He's as dangerous as they come, and apparently he has a soft spot for Wes."

Laken grabs a hold of Ezrina's arm like a threat, digging her nails in until Ezrina's skin is lined with white dimples. "Tell us everything you know or so help me, I will make you wish you were locked up in that wicked underworld of yours."

"Not yet." Ezrina abruptly tosses Laken's hand back at her. "He's close to revealing his intentions. Perhaps I'll visit the Transfer tonight." She looks out at the rain pooling in the street and bleeds a quiet smile as if she were remembering simpler times. "Heathcliff, won't you accompany me on my constitutional this evening?" She pulls Nev in by the chin until they're cheek to cheek. Heathcliff is Nev's formal name, and one he prefers the rest of us stay away from.

A car speeds by spraying the window with a wall of water, and it sounds as if a machine gun just opened fire.

"Tonight?" Coop looks indignant that she'd wait that long.

"More like right now," Laken seethes.

"Of course, I'll come," Nevermore is quick to assert.

"And I'll get us there." I'm ready to get to the bottom of a lot of mysteries. But the truth is, I'm only mildly interested in Wesley's wicked schemes. What I really want to know is why the hell he looks like Gage and how exactly the Fems plan on using that to their advantage.

Coop and Laken aren't the only ones in trouble. Skyla is already knee deep in danger-Gage is a question mark in all this madness.

And there is nothing more infuriating than not knowing what the f**k is going on.

6

Covenant

Skyla

I don't remember much about the ferry ride over other than the fact our tongues were twisted in a knot, and we never wanted to free them. Deep down, Gage and I already had the union we so badly craved to make official. That piece of paper-the covenant-they were simply metaphors for what already existed. I threw on a T-shirt and jeans in his truck, my black pea coat over that. At least it's a white T-shirt-that's about the only bridal aspect of my ensemble. Had I known I'd be wearing Brielle's patriotic inspired two-piece on my wedding day, I probably would have strangled her with a bikini string. The truth is, I'd marry Gage in a wetsuit, my West High cheer uniform-dressed as a nun, but nothing I'm wearing matters because as soon as humanly possible, I plan on losing every last stitch. Gage and I are going to love one another in the flesh and not even my overprotective mother in the sky can interfere. My skin quivers in a never-ending ripple just thinking about it. My entire flesh has become an ocean just waiting for Gage to dive in. Tonight we'll submerge ourselves in our love, tunnel down to the mysterious unknowable deep and keep each other alive with our kisses.

The ferry comes to a stop, and we're the first to bolt off. Gage and I walk hand in hand down the boardwalk just like that first day he showed me around the island at the beginning of summer. We pause at the sign that reads Logan's Way with its arrow pointed down toward the courthouse, and Gage doesn't hesitate to land a kiss on my lips.

"You sure you want to do this?" His dimples dig in, and I have a mini-orgasm just watching him hold back a smile. My entire body is enlivened by his touch. My skin vibrates with a song of its own with each soft caress.

"I'm positive. Are you sure?" I squeeze his hand because there is only one right answer. "Really, it was more of a rhetorical question-a nervous boomerang that I threw out. Honest to God, we're getting married if it's the last thing we do today." The sun breaks through for a nanosecond and illuminates Gage like a work of art-the work of a master-and I have to catch my breath. It's hard to believe that Dr. O and Emma made this spectacular being. Gage is a specimen that deserves exaltation. One I plan to get on my knees and worship with a special brand of intimacy night after night. "Gage Oliver, I can't believe you are all mine." I shake my head. "How the hell did I get so lucky?" I mean every single word.

"I'm the lucky one around here. And I'd like to think it was fate. We were meant to be." He bumps his lips over mine. "I'm not sure how or why, but I feel it in my bones, Skyla. Destiny put you in my heart a long time ago, and today everything falls into place." That familiar look of agony washes over his features. It's the same hurt expression he would get when he wasn't sure where we stood, back when Logan and Marshall were constantly thrusting their swords in my direction. But all that has changed forever. As soon as we get back to Paragon, I'm going to see Ezrina about saving Gage from an untimely demise. I hate to break it to the Grim Reaper, but this is one party he's not invited to. The problem with death is most people believe it's truly a fatal condition, but now that my spiritual eyes have been opened, I can see for a fact it's a temporary menace that splices your heart in two and hides the other half behind the holy veil until the inevitable reunion. It still hurts like hell to go through, even if you know you win in the end. But I'm not looking for any more pain. I've met my quota. I'm ready to twist the arm of fate until I get my way. It's going to be Gage and me in the end.

"We were meant to be." I hop up on my tiptoes and press my lips hard against his. I want to feel him. Impress this moment into my heart with all the tactile stimuli I can afford. All this pent up sexual frustration that Gage and I have been hauling around like an overstuffed pinata is finally going to burst this afternoon, and we'll get to savor every last bite, melting in each other's mouths like cotton candy. I pull him by the hand all the way down to the boxy building that reads Host County Courthouse just as a lady in a business suit twists the sign in the window.

"Closed." Gage lets out a groan.

"No, no, no!" I head over and jam my shoe in the door just as she's about to shut it.

"Sorry, we close at twelve." She sings from inside, pushing my foot back out.

"It's twelve o' one," Gage says it in the sweet, charming way that only he can. Gage can be a master manipulator by default. It's simply a side effect of being so damn handsome. "Is there any way you could squeeze in one more wedding?"

She compresses a smile while glancing back at the elongated chocolate doors that lead to the courtroom. Gage and I seize the opportunity and step inside.

"The judge has already officiated two ceremonies." She sighs, pushing her oversized dark-frames up the ridge of her nose. She's a petite woman, features like a bird, hair like orange feathers. "Lord knows that man gets cranky if there's too much love in the afternoon." She gives a bleak smile as if she knew this on an intimate level, and I refrain from letting out an audible groan. "Come back Monday. We're open nine to five." She squints past us, disapprovingly. "Bring some family. That'll be your biggest regret." She strides over to the desk.

"Look-I've got access to the best donuts on Paragon," I start in a panic. "I'll give you a year's supply." Nev and Ezrina are going to kill me if she says yes. And really-deep fried carbohydrates are the only negotiation tool I could come up with?

"Donuts, huh?" She considers this a moment. "They make me break out like a teenager-no thanks." She pauses from her all-important task of shuffling paperwork with the expectation of a fresh bribe.

Gage pulls out his wallet. "I've got a one hundred dollar gift certificate to the Cheesecake Factory, and...." He pulls out a Paragon Bowling Alley business card with his name on it. "A yearlong pass-two games a night. Knock yourself out." He flashes those killer dimples and seals the deal. "Bet that won't make you break out."

"No, it won't." She snatches both from his hand. "Let me see what I can do." She clip-clops away in her three-inch stacked heels while I wrap my arms back around the man I'm about to marry. I look up at his handsome features, his dark stubble peppering his face, sexy as hell.

"It's finally here, Gage. That vision you shared with me, the first summer I arrived, is about to come true."

He presses his forehead to mine. "Let's forget all about that vision for now. I want us to experience this firsthand-to really live this moment."

"I like how you think." My tongue tracks up his cheek to his ear. "And I like how you taste."

Gage and I are living our future right here in this courthouse, and everything about it makes me feel as if my body has filled with helium. I'm giddy, punch drunk, ready to stagger like a fool and break out in laughter that never ceases. This budding elation is what I have to look forward to each and every day with Gage by my side.

The clip clopping of heels return in reverse, and we look over.

Her lenses flash in the light as if she were taking our picture. "The judge will see you now."

My heart thumps. It jumps right into my throat, into my ears as my body echoes in one large heartbeat that filters right down to my fingertips.

"Follow me." She spins on her heels and walks briskly toward the overgrown chocolate doors.

It's strange, moments like these. The gravity of the situation presses down over my flesh as my entire body goes numb. The building could crumble over me, and I wouldn't feel a thing. I float beside Gage unaware of how we travel so fast, already in the judge's chambers with the dank smell of old DUIs, possession charges, and, of course, the occasional, less traditional bride and groom.

An explosion of warmth and light takes over my body, from the inside out, and I'm overcome with emotion. What's about to happen next is the very thing I want most. And, in typical fashion, my heart fractures just a little because the cruel world is pushing Logan and our love out of focus while ushering in Gage under the white-hot spotlight brimming with desire. My heart beats erratic. My breathing picks up as if I just swam over from Paragon. I might be having a genuine cardiac episode, and, if I am, I fully choose to ignore it. I want this, and there's not a single malfunction my body can do to stop it from happening.

Gage offers to fill out the paperwork and breezes through it in minutes.

He smiles down at me, one of those big toothy smiles he saves for only the best occasions-it almost looks foreign with all the strife we've had lately.

"Here we are," it comes from me breathy, scared as hell, but I'm as happy as I've ever been, right down to my marrow. My mind races with all kinds of crazy thoughts as my mother, Logan, my sisters, even Tad spin like a windmill through my brain.

Oh my, God-I'm going to f**k Gage.

A pang of icy heat flashes through me because one, it's so not ladylike to think like this just a few minutes before something so sacred, so life altering is about to occur-and two, from now on whenever I reflect on this special day I'll remember that very vulgarity, and, knowing me, I'll give a reflective smile. I can't help it though, we've been chaste as chaste can be, well, not like those insane couples who don't kiss until they say I do, but like normal people who have rampant hormones that only their celestial mother's have the ability to squelch. Gage and I are going to become one in the most literal sense, and every cell from my scalp to my toes is rioting with elation.

"Skyla"-Gage jiggles my hand-"he asked to state your name."

"Oh." I straighten, looking up at the judge as the vision Gage had, the one he allowed me to experience through telepathy, plays out in real time. This is it, our courthouse. The judge sits high up on his walnut throne in his dark robe, his hair as clear as floss. "Skyla Messenger."

"Will you be keeping your name?"

A breath gets caught in my throat. I had thought about it. Hell, I'm pretty sure I told my father I would drag it to the grave, and then eternity after that...but Skyla Laurel Messenger Oliver is quite a mouthful. And now I feel like an ass for even suggesting to my father I'd hang onto it-sensible as holding an anchor.

I look to the gorgeous god beside me who I've somehow tricked into wanting only me. "No, I'll be changing it." My heart pinches with grief as I say those words.

"Skyla"-Gage leans in close, the thick scent of his cologne ignites an inferno in me without even trying-"it's okay if you want to keep it. I promise I don't mind."

"I want to be Mrs. Gage Oliver." My lips tingle as I say it, and my stomach clenches with grief because, for the smallest window of time, I was Mrs. Logan Oliver. Not that there's any state record, but there's a heavenly record, and, at the end of the day, that's all that really matters. "This is about you and me." I push the words out like pushing a body off the side of Devil's Peak-the body, of course, being my short marriage to Logan. Even if death had already nailed that coffin shut, I still hold him in my heart as my husband. Then my mother's words come back to me-there's room in your heart to love more than one person, and, she's right, it's a beautiful thing.

I swallow hard as I turn to the judge. "Skyla Oliver is what I want."

"Very well." He makes a note of it and proceeds while the petite woman who let us in acts as our witness. "We are gathered here for the wedding of Skyla Messenger and Gage Oliver." He presses into me with that same familiar smirk I've seen on the back of the one hundred dollar bill-Benjamin Franklin's own brand of righteous judgment mixed with disappointment. My father never showed so much as an ounce of disappointment in me, so there's that. "Are you, Skyla, here under your own free will?"

"Yes." I spastically nod into both him and Gage. "God, yes," I give a nervous laugh. "I mean this isn't a hostage situation if that's what you're getting at." Crap, did I just say that out loud? "I totally trust Gage. He's my best friend. It's not like I just met him at some frat party. We've known each other for about two years now. He's my soul mate. He's had these really vivid dreams about me for a very long time." I touch my fingers to my lips in an effort to stop the verbal diarrhea. God. "I mean, they're not erotic or anything."

The judge holds his palm to me, and I swallow down the rest of the uncalled for babble ready to spew from my lips.

Great. Bring up hostage situations and wet dreams. What's next? Clown Fems?

"And you, Gage?" He threads his pen through his fingers as if he were bored. "Free will? Or should I place a call to the hostage negotiation team?"

Nice. I scowl at him for a moment. It looks like the only clown around here is seated right in front of us. At least there's not a Fem for miles.

"There's no place I'd rather be." Gage gives my hand a squeeze. I mean it.

"Ms. Messenger-" The judge drawls it out with a slight country twang, and I sop it up to the dregs. There it was, the very last time I will ever hear anyone call me by that name, well, outside of Marshall, and legally speaking. It's as if I'm inching toward a very steep cliff and the time has come for me to gracefully swan dive into a whole new world. It's coming-the plunge-the moment I'm torn from my father forever, and I feel anything but graceful about it. Mia changed her name a while back, and my mother did the day she married Tad. It was just me who was left carrying the banner of my father's love, and now, I'm surrendering it to the wind, to blow around futile and crash to the ground-turning to dust like my father himself. Demetri may have killed him, but I'm the one ending any hope of a Messenger lineage.

"Do you, Skyla, take Gage to be your lawfully wedded husband?"

My chest blooms with heat. An entire firework factory goes off inside me, singeing me, making me want to scream with joy and the slight surprise of sadness.

This is it-goodbye Skyla Messenger, forever. But it's a beautiful hello, one I wouldn't trade for a thousand letters that hold the memory of the past. Gage Oliver is my future, and that's the only place I want to be.

I take a hold of his hands and get lost in the deep ocean of his eyes. "Yes-I do."

"Do you, Gage, take Skyla to be your lawfully wedded wife?"

"I do." His eyes widen into mine. A smile brims on his lips.

The judge glances around the empty courtroom. "Is there anyone here who objects to these two getting married?"

The windows rattle as the rain increases with intensity. Lightning goes off, dripping from the sky like frayed tendrils, and in that instant the reflection of a man fills in the watery windowpane. He disappears as quick as he came, but I know that face, those hauntingly familiar eyes, and my heart claps to a stop. It was my father. His eyes were wide, his face pale with shock.

I shake the image away. Clearly, I was experiencing a momentary delusion. My dad loves Gage. He would've given me away if he could have-just the way he did the first time with Logan. He was all smiles and watery eyes that night at the Falls of Virtue, and so was I. In fact, he's probably smiling down on me right now.

I turn my attention back to the judge, but my father's shocked expression resonates in my mind like a bell long after it rang.

"Don't worry, kids"-the judge frowns in his boredom-"the weather objects to everything around here."

We share a quiet laugh.

"I'd like for you each to say a brief vow to one another-a promise if you will." He checks his watch. "Try to boil it down to a few nouns and verbs. Think hashtag."

I take a breath and nod into Gage. "I promise-" I bear my gaze into his, and something stirs between us. My vision floods with tears. I can't control it anymore as the tears run freely down my cheeks. If one day I had to trace back to the very moment our souls fused together it would be now. The fabric of our beings, of our spirits are being knit together, woven so tight you can no longer separate us without tearing us apart, leaving us jagged and damaged. But we will remain whole. I will make sure of that. "Gage, when I was a little girl, I dreamed of the kind of man I would marry. I imagined him tall, dark, and handsome-and that you are. I imagined he would have a kind heart, gentle, hypnotic eyes, and a generous soul that would do whatever it takes to help those in need. And here you are, out of my dreams and into my life." I sniff back tears. "Gage, I promise to be devoted to you and only you. I will do everything in my power to prolong our time together so that we may both step into eternity, hand in hand, when we're old and grey." There it is-a promise-a covenant. Death may have stung Logan and me, but it isn't welcome to destroy my heart once again. "I love you. And I'm going to live to make you happy, to support you each and every day because you mean everything to me-much more than words can ever say. I'm so honored to be your wife, Gage. Thank you for loving me. I plan on spending the rest of my life, loving you madly."

"Skyla." He winces with a touch of heartbreak in his eyes. "Each day with you is a blessing. From the moment you came into my life, every day has been brighter, every moment another reason to live. You have redefined love for me and made it that much more than I ever dreamed it could be. I look forward to our future together. I want to be the person you can always count on to take care of you, and to love you now and forever more. I promise, from this day on, to make our each and every moment count. I will never take for granted my time with you. My love for you is unconditional-ceaseless-without end. I will do everything in my power to bring you joy, be your helpmate, to love you with all my heart. You are my everything-my heart's desire. With you, Skyla, I already have it all." Gage lifts my left hand and kisses the ring he placed on my finger earlier. His words swirl through my mind like flowers around a maypole, like butterflies and warm tropical breezes.

The judge clears his throat and offers a short-lived smile. "I now pronounce you, man and wife."

Gage takes in a breath that expands his chest as wide as the world. I step into him, my hair still glistening from the dew. The Paragon fog held on for the ride. In the end it was the only true witness to this great event, and it seems fitting-Gage, me, and Paragon bonded in this rich testimony. We are writing a new chapter in our personal history, about to turn the page to a thousand brilliant tomorrows. The future has arrived with all of the pomp and circumstance it promised it would bring. Cymbals and gongs ring out somewhere in the world, an entire solar system is born in our honor, a thousand shooting stars evaporate into the atmosphere riding their final flights, soaring through the timelessness of space as an homage to our love.

"I love you," I whisper.

"I love you." Gage never takes his eyes off mine.

Our lips meet as we secure the covenant with a kiss. No holding back, tongues and teeth, our mouths linger a little longer than the traditional church peck, but this is no religious establishment, and there would be nothing traditional about our marriage, already I know this. We are just this side of gods, angels with destinies far more complex than your average human beings. Gage and I are going to change the world-change the ethereal plane-the fate of those in the Tenebrous Woods. We're about to roar to life as a force and turn this entire universe on its ear.

You're my wife, Skyla. I'm going to love you forever.

A deep moan rumbles from my throat, sensual, lustful, and I feed it to him right through the hot portal of my mouth.

"Let's get out of here," I whisper over his lips. "I've got a wedding gift I've been dying to give you."

"What's that?" He gives a wicked a grin as if he already knows.

"Me."

He presses a kiss to my lips. "Best present ever."

Gage and I make our way down the streets of Host just as the storm blows over and the clouds illuminate with a seam of silver light. We run hand in hand, drunk off our love, stopping every now and again to engage in a mouthwatering kiss as laughter brews in our throats.

"Where to?" I sing over the traffic and the noise. Our souls had already arrived at their destination.

Gage nods across the street at a rusty-colored building with the paint peeling off the trim like an old sunburn. Host Inn. A bright orange sign sits high in the sky like an artificial sun, reading Hotel.

He leads us over, renting a room while I try to hide my bubbling elation. It smells like musk and old cigarettes, and for some strange reason I settle into the idea that this is what being stuck in a job you dislike must smell like. But in minutes Gage and I will be perfuming the air with our love-an entire spring meadow, chocolate and strawberries, aloe and tropical sunsets. We're steps away from living in the world of our making-making love for the very first time. A montage of sex and sweat runs through my mind, tangled limbs and the weight of his body over mine. A moan gets buried in my chest. I'd take Gage right here on the counter if he let me.

"Box of condoms in the nightstand." The rail thin man with a missing tooth glares at me as if I'm luring Gage here in the middle of a perfectly good afternoon just to dwindle down the hotel's supply of prophylactics-and, in a sense, I am. "I charge double than what you'd pay at the convenience store, so if you got your own that's a good thing. Don't flush 'em. Clogs the pipes." He slips Gage a plastic card key, and we whisk out the door like the room is on fire.

I'm still heady from becoming Mrs. Gage Oliver, and it's not until we're standing outside of our hotel room do the butterflies come to life in my stomach, full force like a hurricane. I rack my brain for the date. It's September 13th. My blood runs cold a moment. It was on December 13th that I married Logan. I shake all thoughts of that fated day out of my mind for now. For a brief moment I consider the coincidence of the number 13. All I've ever heard is that 13 is an unlucky number. Of course, Logan and I married on Friday the 13th but we couldn't help it-much like Gage and I can't help what we're doing now.

I press my hand over the cool glass of the window while Gage fiddles with the key. My fingers tremble. Each breath catches in my throat from the palpable excitement.

Here-this place-will always be hallowed. I take in the scene, Gage pressed against the pale sky like a shadow, the number 13 tacked up on the door like an omen. Someone shouts an obscenity in the distance, a girl laughs and screams, the sound of skateboards whir along the sidewalks-it all etches in my brain, locking itself in as a memory that I'll always cherish because it's all happening in this sacred span of time.

The door slips open, and Gage leans against the wall looking sexy as hell. That slow spreading smile takes over as he looks at me lovingly with nothing but joy exuding from his being.

"Ready?" His eyes catch the light, and shine a spectral shade of indigo.

"And willing." I brush my fingers over my sweet husband's face, the stubble enlivening my senses for what's to come. This is the new normal, Gage and me locked in lust. I can hardly wait for the endless love we'll make, the normalcy of cuddling up on the couch, feeding one another stacks of pancakes on lazy Sunday mornings, fighting over the remote then acquiescing because neither of us really cares what we we're watching so long as we're together.

Gage picks me up and carries me over the threshold. His chest bucks with every breath, his eyes drill into mine with an intensity I've never seen before.

The air in the room is thick and tropical, sweltering from being closed up. The curtains glow a bright tangerine with the outline of daylight running down the seam, but we don't open them. Gage shuts the door with his foot-the twist of the lock echoes through the room like the charging of a pistol. Gage is locked and loaded and ready to go-so am I, and, for once, not one being in the universe has the authority to stop what's about to come next.

I slip down from his grasp, the two of us panting into one another, our gaze immovable as stone. My coat drops to the floor, Gage lifts the T-shirt from my body, and it flies off almost voluntarily. I touch my hand to his chest before returning the favor and evicting the shirt right off him.

His features are lost in the shadows. His body looks as if it's hewn from graphite. My fingers dip into his jeans as he flicks off his shoes. I work the button on his Levi's and tug at them until they glide off with his boxers. My eyes do a quick, sweeping glance. This man is mine from head to toe. I own him. Maybe not the most PC thought, but in the same respect he owns my body-I want him to. I'm all his, from this day forward to do whatever he pleases-and, most deliciously, vice versa. We had stained each other's souls with our sweat and tears, and now our Nephilim blood is bonding to create the perfect ethereal being. This is it, the knitting together of our existence will happen in this room on the stage of that bed lying expectantly behind him.

Gage pulls me in by the cheeks and pours fiery kisses straight into my mouth that drip to my feet like lava. He unties my bathing suit top, and it falls to the carpet before I sear my chest over his. Our bare skin quivers at the touch as if we're drinking each other down. A soft ache filters through me and I press my chest over his, the sensation stirring me to life in ways I hadn't felt before. All this time I thought I knew Gage, and yet our bodies are virtual strangers. This is the introduction of the ages, the hello-nice-to-meet-you kind of a day-the-come-in-and-stay-for-a-while kind of a night.

Gage lets out a hard aching groan that's been bottled up for years. His fingers work the button of my jeans, and I jump out of them as if they're on fire-my bathing suit bottoms sail down with them.

Here we are, Gage and I in nothing more than our flesh and not an objection from nature, my mother-Chloe. I give a private smile because no one in heaven or earth can stop us now.

My toes curl at the sight of him. The anticipation has reduced me to short, staccato breaths. Gage Oliver is gorgeous on a freakish level. He's alarmingly perfect-sex on a stick. He leans in with his warm breath showering over me. His full lips swallowing down mine. Gage is pulling me in, trying to drink me down, digest me in one ravenous bite.

Our stomachs fuse as he walks me back toward the bed. He pulls wet kiss after kiss off my lips as he lays me down, straddles me with his body. Gage lands on me with his full weight, and I close my eyes already lost in ecstasy with his hard-on pressed over my stomach. I can feel him there. Feel him. His hot body, the coarse hair of his legs, his warm skin gliding over mine-it's already so much more than I can take.

Gage hikes up on his elbows alleviating the pressure from my chest, our mouths still locked together. His tongue presses over mine soft at first then quick and forceful as if he were amping up-ready to unleash all of the pent up emotions he stored for this very hour. He parts my thighs with his leg, and my knees rise to either side of his waist. Everything in me throbs to have him. I lift my legs over his back and reach down and wrap my hand around him. Gage is long, hard, and heavy as iron. I run my thumb up over the thick ridge of his penis all the way to the blooming tip. Our kisses increase with ferocity, heat emanates from our bodies like vapors. Our future spins through my mind, fast and furious, like a calendar losing its pages in a windstorm. Destiny predicted Gage and I were fleeting, but tonight we're proving infinite. This moment already stretches into eternity. I can feel its depth, its breadth-expansive as God. There is something immeasurable happening-something spectacular on a grand scale. It's as if the entire universe was holding its breath for what the future might bring.

I wrap my hand around Gage and guide him to the most tender part of me, already wet and ready to receive him.

Gage looks down at me, his lids heavy. His eyes glazed over with lust. Skyla-the nightstand. I have to get the-

I shake my head just barely. "I want the first time to be just you." Mom and all those babies she keeps strapped to her like appendages run through my mind for a fleeting moment. This will be quick, I just need one hit of Gage in the natural. Quick-I balk at how altruistic it sounds. The truth is, I want him to root to me, stay there just that way for all of time. My body is selfish and greedy for him, and at this moment, I'm not in the mood to deny myself.

Gage gives and presses in slow at first, tearing into me with his girth as round as a fist-my body seizes as he pushes in deep. A roar rips from the both of us at that very moment. Gage groans his way into my body, hard and greedy. I want him to burst through the seams, push deep into me and pop up through my throat. I dig my nails into his back and press him into me harder until a white-hot pain that rides the threshold of pleasure spasms through my body, quick as lightning.

Gage pauses, looking down at me with his chest pumping fast. My body pulsates with a riot of blistering flames that knife me in two, leaving me physically unable to speak.

"You're my wife, Skyla." He closes his eyes a moment as if he were relieved. "God, I love you." He pulls out slow before plunging in carefully, rhythmically. His head is too far up on the bed for me to reach, so I pull my lips over his chest and accept the beautiful sting as he lights me on fire from the inside.

I'm burning for Gage in all the right places.

It's finally happened. We are one in God's eyes.

I'm his wife.

Gage

A vision comes to me. A brilliant light explodes through my mind, hot and blinding as a nuclear holocaust, and I see us, Skyla slapping her hands into my chest. I trusted you! She screams at the top of her lungs, her disappointment sawing through my eardrums. God, Gage, you're nothing but a liar! I will never trust you again. You are the definition of shady! Her face is red with fury as tears stream down her face. How could you? I thought you loved me. Get away from me, right now, she screams, but I foolishly take a step forward. She grabs a backpack off the floor and hurls it at me. I thought I knew who you were.

"Skyla," I gasp as the hotel room forms around me, hot and sweltering as a sauna, the orange lip of the curtain lets me know it's still daylight out. We're still here, right where I want to be with my body buried deep inside her. The room is perfumed with the scent of our bodies, raw with a tangy sweetness I could never have imagined.

A whimper escapes her throat as I pull out and dive back in. Skyla's body squeezes around mine with a death grip. She feels soft on the inside, far more tender than I thought possible and so damn beautifully wet as if she had an extra tongue down there licking me clean. She clenches tight, holding on for dear life, strangling my dick just enough to make me throb over her in a fit of ecstasy.

I lower my lips to hers. Skyla penetrates my mouth with her hungry tongue, slipping over me in a welcome frenzy. She bites my bottom lip, her legs inching higher up my back. She grows with urgency, and it would be so easy for me to cave-to give her exactly what she's asking for. I thrust into her a few good times the way I want-savoring the electric sensation, the heat, the softness, the way she feels as if she's clutching me from the inside before I pull out.

"What are you doing?" She scrambles to her elbows.

"What I should be doing." I open the nightstand and pluck out a foil packet that shines in this dull light like a fallen star. Skyla takes it from me and runs it along my lips. I tear it open with my teeth never taking my eyes from hers. She rolls it on over me, ever so slowly. Her chest expands as she hits the base.

"Thank you." Her lids lower as if she was embarrassed. Her lips ignite a ruby red, her cheeks a dark shade of crimson. Skyla is glowing-glistening-and it's all for me.

"For?" I kiss her forehead, resisting the urge to plunge back in for a moment.

"For letting me feel you inside me. Just you. I wanted that. It was special." She navigates me back down to the entry of her body. Her eyes widen as she gazes into mine. "And now I want you in me again, Gage." She throws her arms up over her head, and her lids flutter like the wings of a butterfly. "Please."

I push in soft, and her mouth opens as if it were about all she could handle. I catch my breath and hold it because, holy shit, it's about all I can handle. It's as if my life had passed before my eyes, and who I was this morning and who I am now are two entirely different beings. I've evolved into the person I've always known I was destined to be-the one who loves Skyla infinitely, intensely, downright aggressively until she can't see straight, can't stop smiling from all the damn bliss.

"Am I hurting you?" Stupid question. I could feel her ripping beneath me, stretching and tearing to accommodate everything I can give her. There's no way in hell this doesn't hurt. It hurts me just thinking about it. An apology demands to spew from my lips, but instead I say, "I just want to love you like this all night, Skyla." I never said I wasn't a greedy bastard.

Her thighs tense over my ribcage. Her insides squeeze the shit out of my dick in the most erotic way.

I plunge in and out, knotting my fingers in her hair, my body rising above hers a good foot. I'm about to float to the ceiling, take Skyla along with me for the ride.

Her lips melt onto my chest as she takes a spirited bite, and I buck over her. The pleasure mingles with the pain in a burst of beautiful insanity. Skyla is a treasure full of surprises, and I'm ready to discover them all.

"Fuck," it strains from me. Primal urges take over-rational thoughts, hearts with arrows are long gone in no-man's land. This is Skyla Messenger moaning beneath me-Skyla Oliver. And, by some erotic miracle, my every wet dream is coming true right this minute. I can't focus on anything other than pressing into her-diving in over and over, losing my f**king mind in the process. I've watched just enough p**n , studied it like an archeologist pouring over hieroglyphics, to know she wants in on this. I bring my hand down to her sweet wetness, and she catches my fingers.

"Right there." She pants into my neck. I rub over her gently and that's it, I'm too far gone to stop, I can't hang on another moment. Gravity has lost its hold on me. I'm floating from earth, rolling into the great unknown. My fingers works furtively over her heated flesh, hoping she'll catch up and take the ride. My body drills into hers, unrelenting, unmerciful, blow after blow as an electrical current rips through me. Skyla gives a hard gasp as I quake into her, my body shaking over hers unstoppable.

A vision explodes in my mind. I'm sitting on a throne. Skyla gives a look of sorrow before walking away from me.

A groan rips from my lungs as Skyla locks her legs over me tight, imprisoning me inside her as if I'd ever want to leave. She pants hard into my ear before bucking beneath me with her own private earthquake that lets me know she's right there with me as a laugh tries to strangle its way from my throat.

Shit. I pepper her face with fiery kisses-my lungs still pumping away as if I just ran around the globe. Our hearts pound over one another with a violent ferocity, demanding to be let out of their cages, wanting to fuse over one another like we are now.

It happened. Skyla and I happened-are still happening, and I'm living the Olympic gold moment of my life. This is what I've always wanted-what I'll always want.

Our bodies blaze with heat, sticky to the touch. I'm raining down sweat over her, but I can't help it.

"Did you like that?" I whisper, biting gently on her ear.

"I loved that." Her knees glide off my back. Her hands clamp down over my ass pressing me in tight.

My chest rumbles with the idea of a laugh. For so long I dreamed about this, spent hours fantasizing about this very moment while slicking off in the shower, and here we are-the only place I've ever wanted to be, buried deep inside Skyla-tucked high up in her body like I belong there-and I do. This was the singular moment I lived for, and it's happening-it'll continue to happen until I'm forcibly ripped from the planet.

I press a kiss to her moist temple and linger. There's no doubt I want to burn through every condom in that nightstand, and then that will never be enough.

Logan thumps through my mind uninvited. He had a honeymoon with Skyla-three days in Rome. That's all I know, all I ever want to know. And here Skyla and I are on Host-in a hotel room that charges by the f**k.

I had enough in my pocket for one night's stay. So much for thinking things through.

She gives a soft moan while nuzzling her lips against my neck.

"You're mine, Oliver-I'm yours. And now..." She wriggles up until we're eye to eye, and I can feel myself slipping out of her warm, wet body. She sucks in a breath. "Put that back," she teases with a laugh trembling on her lips.

"You were saying." I run my tongue along her jawline.

"And now"-her eyes settle over mine with fresh tears glazing the surface-"we get to be together this way forever, Gage. We did it." A series of giggles bubble from her even though her eyes squint with sadness. "We literally did it." Her finger curls under my chin. "Did you like it?" Her eyes narrow with pain as if she were genuinely worried.

"No." I kiss each of her lids. "I loved it, and I love you, Skyla Oliver." My heart pounds over hers as if sounding a gavel.

Her body trembles with a quiet laugh. "Skyla Oliver." She moans as if she were drinking down the sweetest nectar. Her eyes bear into mine, glittering like a thousand stars are buried in each one. "Gage-our love is strong as death-stronger than death." She gives a slight nod. "You know that?"

Skyla has said those words to me before. They've become a silent mantra that thumps in the background of our love like a heartbeat.

"Stronger than death," I whisper into her lips. My mouth melts over hers before tracing down her neck in a line with soft, careful kisses. My mission is simple tonight, kiss every last inch of her-savor that special part of her, taste her with my mouth. There's no way we're done by a long shot-I still have plenty of territory to cover, and I don't plan on missing an inch.

I cup her tits and bring my mouth down over one. My teeth graze over her nipple, and my insides flex with a beautiful pain. Skyla is killing me in the best way possible. I lap my tongue over her until she's rough in my mouth and suck her down-drinking her in. Her softness conforms to my lips, her tender flesh molds to my face like a pillow. Skyla feels a thousand times better than I could have imagined. What happened in this bed today cheapened every self-induced pleasure I've ever had.

My body pulsates like a live wire, snapping and tense, thirsty for more of her, demanding we fuse together.

"You know what I was thinking as we walked into that courthouse?" she whispers, running her fingers through my hair. I glide up beside her, landing my smile over hers.

"Were you wondering how I ever manipulated you into doing something so crazy?"

"Please." Her hands touch my chest as if she were about to push me away before her fingers spread wide as wings and fly down toward my waist. "I was thinking, I'm going to sleep with Gage." Her cheeks pinch a bright pink. "Okay, I might have thought a four letter word that wasn't very ladylike, but you get the picture."

I force the smile to melt off my face. "So you were thinking about f**king me." I reach down and slip the rubber off and land it in the wastebasket next to the bed.

"You make it sound so dirty." She bites into her lip like she's enjoying this. "And what were you thinking?"

"Simple." I take a playful bite out of her cheek. "I was thinking about all the ways I was going to f**k you."

"Gage!" She smacks me over the shoulder.

"Okay, I'm not being one hundred percent truthful." I lift up on my elbows and brush the hair from her face. Skyla is a living porcelain doll, flawless in form and beauty. "I thought, my God-she's so damn beautiful." My voice breaks as I say it. "Why in the hell does she want someone like me?" I shake my head and fight back tears because a part of me still demands to know the answer to that question. "Sometimes I think I've willed myself on you-like this is all some mind trick-that's how bad I've wanted you." I give a hard sniff. "Swear to God, Skyla, I can die happy now. You're all I've ever wanted. Every day I plan on letting you know how special you are to me."

Tears roll down her cheeks freely as she nods into me. "You're beautiful, Gage-both inside and out." Her lips reach mine, and she greets me with a salty kiss. "Thank you for loving me."

What Skyla and I have is beautiful.

My hand swims toward the nightstand.

I plan on loving Skyla all night long.

That vision of Skyla screaming in a blind rage comes back to me, and I chase it away. One thing is certain; I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure that vision never comes true. The vision of me seated on a throne thumps through my mind, and I shake my head.

Who the hell would give me any power?

Logan

The Transfer billows with a smoky blue fog as we make our way to Wesley's stomping grounds.

"Chloe is with him." I glance to Laken when I say it. I doubt Coop gives a shit who he's shacking up with, but I know Laken and Wes were pretty serious for a while. I know what it feels like to have your heart ripped in two when you see someone you were once close with, latching onto another person. I asked Gage to keep Skyla safe, to date her, in an effort to throw off the Counts. It twisted my balls just watching the two of them share a laugh around campus-and, of course, that clever scheme backfired spectacularly. Most of my hair-brained ideas do. Gage did keep Skyla safe-in his arms. He did date her-still is.

Ezrina glances back at the building that houses her old lab, and her chest expands as if she were calling on her resolve to get through this.

"You can go back to Paragon if you want," I say. "I get it. If this is too hard-if you're afraid-"

"I'm not afraid of the Transfer." She balks at the idea. "I'm not afraid of anything." Her dark eyes burn into mine. "Don't you ever forget that."

Nice. I shake my head as I venture forward. Ezrina is a loose cannon. I'm not sure why Skyla feels so confidant she's on our side. I get the feeling the only side Ezrina is on is Ezrina's.

Dudley appears before I can knock, and one of the lion heads adorning the oversized doors comes to life and gives a ferocious roar.

"Not now, Candace," he jests as the doors blow open, and we step inside.

Pitchy jazz music infiltrates the air. The fresh scent of a fire bites through my nostrils.

"The council of wickedness and his Countenance." Marshall nods toward the main hall where we find Demetri giving his signature, sick gleam. Wes and Chloe rise to meet us.

Laken goes rigid, and Coop wraps an arm around her waist as if holding her up.

"Laken-God, I've missed you." Wes speeds toward her like a man on a mission. "Come back to me. I can't take this anymore." His eyes wash over her features with grief as he places his hands on her shoulders.

Coop knocks Wes back a good ten feet. "Don't you f**king touch her."

"Language," Dudley snaps. "What the hell are we here for?" He growls into Ezrina.

"Wesley"-Ezrina's voice vibrates out of tune-"shall you tell them or shall I?"

The windows ignite with a seizure of light, and every last one of us turns toward the opened doors. The sky fragments once again in a turquoise flame, exposing the sins of the Transfer in a wild shock of illumination.

That demented grin finally slides from Demetri's face as he staggers toward the exit.

"It's done." He shoots a quick look to Wes as the ground begins to shake.

"What's happening?" Laken drills into Wes, and, just as he's about to open his mouth, a fountain appears near the entry. An entire pyramid of champagne flutes materialize from thin air, followed by a butter yellow liquid that waterfalls down from the top, filling each of the crystal flutes with the bubbling brew.

"Drink with me, brother." Demetri takes a glass and generously passes it to Dudley.

Marshall takes a whiff before touching it to his lips. "Creme de la creme."

"Only the best for occasions such as this." Demetri widens his chest as he fills himself with pride. He motions for us all to partake, but we're not near as eager to move as the shortsighted Sector.

"This reminds me of the king's feast." Marshall takes a careful sip and moans. "That would be the wedding to to his first wife, of course," Dudley babbles on. "But, I must say, the future will pan out much better than the past ever did."

"I agree." Demetri gives a slight bow.

The sky ignites again, lighting up the Transfer over and over as if someone were flickering a switch, and Dudley stops cold with the champagne flute still tucked in his lips. His eyes bulge. The glass slips from his fingers before shattering at his feet.

Knew it. Demetri probably pissed in the bubbly.

Marshall strides out the door, and we follow.

"No," he says it low, staring at the ground as if he's had a profound epiphany. "Dear God up in heaven, what have you done?" He staggers toward Demetri with a wild look in his eyes. Marshall is dispossessed-caught off guard-and this worries the shit out of me.

Demetri thunders something short of a satisfied laugh. "It looks as though I'm one step ahead of your carnal perversions."

"Holy heaven." Marshall closes his eyes before roaring back to life. He lunges toward Wesley and roughs him up against the wall. Dudley inspects his face before tossing him into the bushes with a pronounced finality.

He stomps into the open, pitches his head back and cries out Skyla's name, so loud that it rocks the Transfer, the earth, the universe with its deafening echo.

A darkness you can feel, taste, descends upon us, and the Transfer melts from right under our feet.

7

Trust Without Borders

Skyla

The rain pelts soft against the window like a love song, as if the universe were peppering it with a million gentle kisses. This is a time for love, for lovers, for Gage and me. We have the hotel one solid night, not nearly enough time to fully take in the pleasure of each other's bodies, but it's a damn good start. We set down our roots, twisted our beings around one another so fantastically tight we had become inextricable, banned from ever living a life apart.

Gage inches his lips down my chest, straight through to my stomach, and the sweet sensation pulls an aching groan from me. I watch mesmerized as that shock of dark hair travels south over my pale skin. His tongue dips into my belly button, and I let out a small cry as the air collapses around the wetness. My knees cinch up over his back, leaving that intimate part of me far more exposed than I wanted. Gage glances up. He looks drugged with a loose smile on his lips.

"What are you doing?" I twirl my fingers through his glossy hair.

"Drinking it in for later."

"I'm sort of liking right now," I purr into him with my mouth curling an involuntary smile. "We're going to be together every day, every night, and each magical moment will bring something new." I know what Gage meant. His later is eternity. He wants to have a playback of this special night at the ready, but I want to assure him in every way it's not necessary. Once I set my mind to something, it's hard to let go, and God knows, I've set my mind on the fact that Gage Oliver won't go to the grave a young man. I'm going to move his life's boundary stone so far back that our timers expire at the exact same moment. Gage and I would take our last breath on earth and our first breath in heaven in concert with one another.

"Right now." He nods, his lids growing ever so heavy. "Guess what I'm going to do right now?" The glimmer of a wicked grin buds on his lips. Gage pushes my knees back and slides down the bed, leaving me spread wide before him, my body already quivering, wanting him to do exactly what he's about to. Instinctually my knees try to connect and force my feet to glide in opposite directions, but I screw my toes into the mattress to remain just this way. It feels unnatural like this with my wings spread wide, the hollow of my body licking the foreign air.

"Gage," I pant, low-desperately needy. There's an ache in me that only being with him in this intimate way could ever cure, and here he is, the elixir. Gage Oliver is the exact drug I need to satisfy me. I'm pretty sure I'll need at least a daily dose-I might have to triple up just to be safe.

"I'm going to put my mouth right here, Skyla." He touches that tender part of me with the tip of his finger, and I bounce.

Oh God, oh God, oh God.

I don't say a word, just drop my head back and take a quivering breath-my thighs numb with anticipation. The butterflies in my stomach have long since morphed into a slew of rabid bats.

Do it. Do it. Do it. I quietly chant on the inside as he undoubtedly inspects the lay of the land.

I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about Gage anchoring those luscious, full lips right there-fantasizing myself into a sexual ball of frustration just thinking about it.

"Do you want that, Skyla?" Gage kisses a trail from my belly to the base of my hip, and I let out a moan. Gage is teasing me. Making me ask for it, demand it-beg.

A shiver runs through me as I bite down a smile. This isn't the Gage Oliver I'm accustomed to-all fired up and rife with every lewd intention I've ever wanted him to have.

"Yes, yes, yes." I rock my head over the pillow.

Gage gives my hip an unexpected bite, and a low gurgling laugh rumbles through me. Who knew he had a wild side that involved generously gifting me with teeth marks? Maybe for his birthday, I'll get him a whip.

Gage trails kisses from my hip to the heated spot between my thighs that's been quivering to receive him. His mouth lands over me, gently with the briefest kiss, and my knees reflexively press in, giving his ribcage the squeeze of a lifetime.

"Gage." His name bites through the air like a threat. A charge of adrenaline rockets through me, strong enough to lift this entire hotel off its foundation. This is far more than a sexual pleasure. It's a power that could challenge the splitting of an atom.

A dark laugh rumbles from his throat as he presses his mouth over my body, his tongue meeting me there. "Wild honey, Skyla. You're as sweet as wild honey." He lands his mouth over me again, moist and hot, and rakes his tongue over me gently as if he were kissing my mouth with careful affection.

My body seizes. That tender part of me starts in on a series of beautiful spasms that Gage tries to prolong with the gentle lashing of his tongue, but I'm already panting, gone into the beautiful stratosphere far too soon. Waves wash through me, electric and warm. I'm still quaking as Gage lowers his focus and spears deep into my body with his tongue. A strangled cry draws from my throat, and I explode into a million tiny pieces that vibrate into the atmosphere, each with a bliss of their own.

"Gage." I draw my knees together and push his head back. "I think we just found another one of your superpowers." I'm not even kidding.

His dimples quake as he glides back up to me. His lips press over mine, wet from my body.

"Sorry." I shrug, slightly embarrassed by my hypersensitive response. The truth is, I'm still going-that sweet spot is still happily buzzing away with the aftereffects from those heated kisses.

"For what?"

"Stopping the show before it ever really began."

"Mmm," he moans, slipping his tongue into my mouth for a tender moment. "I'll have to tell Ellis he was wrong. He swore I'd be setting up shop for weeks. Told me to bring sustenance because I'd need it."

"Gage!" I swat him over the shoulder. "Tell me you did not have this conversation with Ellis."

"Okay, I didn't." He pulls back, and his dimples flex. "He had it with me." His chest rumbles with a silent laugh.

"Don't even think of letting Harrison in on our little secret." Just the thought of Ellis tormenting me over my spontaneous combustion is bad enough. "Ellis and I are friends-good friends-and it's going to be weird. You know he'll try to set me off like a smoke alarm just to see if it's true. Do you want other men trying to gift your wife an orgasm?"

"You got me there." He tickles my ribs. "Besides, I'm just glad it felt good for you. That's all I care about." He buries a wet, squeaky kiss into my ear. "I plan on becoming a master of pleasuring you."

A searing heat rolls through me as he says those words.

"You're already there." I sink into the pillow and blink into him. "Master." I take him in this way with the defused light spraying his features a soft gold, and, for a moment, I see Gage as the hurt boy by my side at West while Marshall and Logan pined for my heart right alongside him. "Please"-my insides melt with grief-"I don't ever want you to think you're not enough. You're everything to me, Gage, and I'm sorry if I ever made you feel like you're not." My chest bucks as I struggle to hold back tears.

"Whoa." He kisses each of my lids. "I don't know where that came from, but only happy tears today. It's okay, Skyla. I love you. We're together now, that's all that matters."

He picks up my hand and kisses his grandmother's ring on my finger. It's only then I notice that Logan's necklace is still safe around my neck, the mirrored heart right along with the protective hedge-warm as skin. I hardly ever notice it's on half the time. Crap. I close my eyes a moment. I've taken Logan for the carnal ride whether he liked it or not.

"I'm sorry."

He drops his gaze to where I'm looking and fingers the heart in his hand. "Don't ever feel guilty. I loved Logan, too. I'm sure we'll see him soon."

I shake my head. Tears pool in my eyes, but I won't let them fall. "This isn't about anybody else. This is about us. We're the real deal now, Gage. We're going to have to tell our families." A crooked smile teeters on my lips. An image of Emma dropping dead from the news flits through my mind. I'm probably not too far off base.

"I'm with you." He nods. "Whenever you're ready-I'm there."

"Maybe we should figure things out first. You know, enjoy a small window of privacy. Soak it in," I say.

He kisses each of my knuckles before running his lips up my arm, up my neck to my lips. His erection blooms against my inner thigh, and I take in a breath as he grows against me.

I'm soaking it in. This is just about us.

I never want to hurt Gage again. And I won't.

He reaches to the nightstand and dips in the drawer as morning struggles to break outside. This has been one hell of an amazing night.

The good thing is, Gage and I are going to get to relive it, over and over again for the next several decades.

It's going to happen.

I'm going to make sure of it.

We take the ferry home, unable to hide our silly grins, our incessant laughter. I'm not exactly sure how I'm going to break it to my mother that Gage and I are married. I'm pretty sure she'll be psyched, overall, but more than slightly disappointed that she wasn't there to witness the event, let alone plan for it and buy a crap-ton of decorations from the local craft store in a gaudy act of worship to all things tulle and tinsel.

Gage drives us to the Landon house and frowns as he looks up at the glorified cabin.

"How are we going to do this?"

"We'll figure it out." I tug on his fingers. We hop out and rush up the stairs, my lower half burning-killing me as if shards of glass were cutting through my insides with every single step. Thoughts of Gage raking over me-his body filling mine-wash over me, and I close my eyes for one sweet second.

A shadowed figure steps out from behind the old patio umbrella that Tad has lounging against the side of the house. My skin prickles on edge as the figure emerges into the light. Wickedness oozes from that direction like a toxin, stopping up the air with its venomous poison. It takes a moment for her full infamy to come into focus-it's the viper herself-Chloe.

"What the hell do you want?" I'm still pissed that I didn't take up the issue of little Ms. Deviant with my mother while I was in Ahava. Trust me, it's the first order of business when I get back.

"So it's true?" She looks from me to Gage, her eyes falling to our conjoined hands-my ring. Her face pinches with grief. This is the sword in Chloe's heart, and, in a way, I'm glad I get to see her reaction firsthand. It's a twisted wedding gift that only Chloe could deliver.

"Get out of here, Chloe," Gage pants out the words with a budding rage. "Believe me, there's nothing you can do to ruin this day."

I smirk at her. "I see good news travels fast." I don't really give a shit how the hell she found out just as long as she doesn't go blabbing it to anyone who'll listen-but, then again, this is Chloe, and, if she's anything, she's vindictive. "I wouldn't be surprised if you implanted a GPS tracking device on Gage. I'm sure you were sad to see that his body landed in all the right places." My insides give a sharp bite of pain attesting to this.

Her face inches back as if I had slapped her. "You'll regret this."

"I regret nothing, except the fact your leash is too f**king long for my liking. But don't worry, my sweet little bitch. I plan on taking care of that, too. You see, finally, everything is going my way-the faction war, the celestial booby trap my mother and I lured you into, and most importantly, I have Gage. It's all coming up roses for me."

She barks out an echoing laugh and startles me. "You're a bigger fool now than you ever were before," Chloe purrs with a satisfied smile as if she's in on some cosmic joke that I'm not yet privy to. "In fact, you just cost yourself everything." She looks to Gage, angst riddled as if she were in physical pain. "Oh, Skyla." She crimps a wicked grin. "The beauty is, you have no idea what you've done." She turns to me and touches her hand to my forehead. An electrical current travels through me, immobilizing my muscles, my ability to breathe. Let me tell you everything-

Gage pushes her off. "Keep the hell away from her."

"We need to talk, Skyla," she says as the cawing of a bird fills the air. Chloe glances up and winces. "I'm the only one who'll tell you the truth, Messenger-or should I say Oliver?" Her dark eyes narrow in on mine with a strangled intensity. "Believe me, no one else in the universe wants to fill you in on what you've just done." The cawing increases in volume as the raven draws near-Holden Kragger in Nevermore's form. "But, then, I was always trying to stop you." She breaks out in a cackle before jumping over the railing, straight down a fifty-foot suicide plunge-down into the earth and into the Transfer where trash like Chloe truly belongs.

"Don't listen to her, Skyla." Gage presses a kiss to my forehead. "We're not buying any more of her bullshit."

"Of course, not." I'd be lying if I didn't say her urgency caught me off guard. "But a part of me is curious as to what she had to say and why she was willing to stoop to telepathy in front of you of all people." Not a single logical scenario runs through my mind. "Probably just more lies." I melt into my newly christened husband. "The only person I can truly trust is standing right here in front of me."

The earth trembles. The porch jumps beneath our feet.

The sky erupts in a lavender sizzle as if my mother were saying not so fast.

I clutch onto Gage.

Just what the hell is going on?

Gage

The lights are all on downstairs at the Landon house. Skyla and I step inside and hear shouting from the kitchen. Her sisters are already at it, threatening to hack each other's hair off once again.

"Skyla?" Her mother's voice rises from the kitchen, and we head that way.

Her stepfather, Tad, and mom both rise when we step into the room, their faces rife with worry.

Crap.

"There's the culprit." He wags a finger at me. "I told you she wasn't alone, freezing in the rain. The only place she fell was in a nice warm bed with the linebacker."

"Not true." Skyla is quick to cover her lips and give me that I'm sorry look.

I know Skyla. It's not that she meant to lie, it's that she can't stand the thought of Tad ratting her out on a lucky guess.

"Skyla?" Her mother rushes over and cups her cheeks. "God, I thought you were lying in a ditch somewhere. Demetri was just about to get an entire taskforce out looking for you."

"I was about to do the same." Tad lifts his pants by the belt loops and flares his nostrils at me.

Right. A brownie troop is about all Tad has the authority to amass and not even that.

"I wasn't lying in a ditch." Skyla takes a step away from me. "I was up late studying and missed the last ferry."

"You could have called." Her mother cuts the air with the caustic edge in her voice, and the baby sleeping in the playpen begins to wail. "In fact"-she heads over and scoops up the infant-"you could have picked up your phone. I must have called about sixteen times. And where did you sleep? In the library?" She drills us with her suspicion while lifting her shirt for the baby, and I train my eyes on Skyla. I've lost count of how many times her mother has flashed the world her tits. I'm not against her feeding the baby. I'm just against seeing things that might haunt me forever which include any private part of Skyla's mom-my new mother-in-law. A dull smile perks on my lips as I wrap my arms around Skyla.

"I wasn't at the library." Skyla trembles beneath me. I've seen her go around this block with her mother enough times to know it ends in nothing more than a whimper.

"Didn't think so," she snips. "You know why? That was the first place Demetri called, and they close at eleven!"

"Oh, right." Skyla spins into me before gently lowering my hands from her hips. "I was with a friend." Sorry, she mouths before turning once again to face her mom. "We have a very important paper due in history. And, by the way, thank you for filling me in on the fact Mr. Dudley would be teaching. He darn near gave me a heart attack."

"Isn't that man fantastic?" Lizbeth's eyes enlarge as if she meant it on a level that didn't include grading papers or teaching about early American settlers.

It's one thing to have her mom gushing about Dudley, but if Skyla starts in I might be moved to hunt down the sacrilegious Sector and clock him. I may anyway.

"I don't think he's so great." Skyla's sister, Melissa, spits it out like rusty nails. "He gives a shit load of homework, and, I swear, he's purposefully giving me a hard time because Skyla rejected his sexual advances."

All eyes spin toward her sister.

"So he's still teaching at West?" Skyla relaxes into me, and my hard-on ticks to life. Just the memory of being with her, being in her is enough to set me off. After Skyla lost it this morning, before I ever really begun to pleasure her, the only thought running through my mind was thank God it was her, not me. That was my biggest fear-ending the game before I ever got a chance to properly run the bases. Hell, I don't mind one bit that Skyla was so gone she couldn't take it. That's my goal, to elicit that response in her time and time again.

"Of course, he's still working there." Her mother shakes her head. "You know they don't pay those teachers near enough. Poor guy has to moonlight just to make ends meet."

Poor guy? Has she seen the size of his house?

"Speaking of meeting ends-we're no longer meeting ours." Tad belts it out loud enough to get the dead's attention. "Greg"-he looks right at me-"you take Skyla out as much as you can. Feed her three solid squares-if you know what I mean." He pats his stomach. "And, if you're a gentleman, you'll bring dinner in a few nights a week, for the rest of us. I like extra cheese on my burgers-in fact, make it a double."

"Oh, stop." Lizbeth bounces the baby in his direction. "It's not that bad." She glances at Skyla. "We're just trying out a very tight budget." This coming from the family that lived off pork rinds for a month. Something tells me the Landons are going to give a whole new meaning to the words shoestring budget.

"Did someone say budget?" Brielle and Drake walk in with their hair frozen in the air from a good night's romp. I'm pretty sure no one would bat an eye if I spent the night. "That's all my mother talks about after Mr. Edinger dumped her."

"He did not dump her." Lizbeth rolls her eyes. I can feel it coming, so I wrap my arms around Skyla like a seatbelt.

"Why are you always defending him?" Skyla goes off like a landmine every single time Lizbeth brings up Demetri. "If that's what Brielle says happened, then that's the way it went down."

Probably with a little more drama, I say giving her hand a squeeze, and it's only then I notice she's wearing my grandmother's ring, right here in the open. I'd warn her, but a part of me doesn't really mind if our secret gets out. I want the entire damn world to know Skyla is my wife.

"He said, she said." Lizbeth shakes her head. "Anyway, at this house, we should all try to watch what we spend." She goes on jostling that baby until its bare feet vibrate through the air.

"Speaking of spending"-Tad crosses his arms while looking at me and Bree-"I think it's high time we start collecting rent around here." Tad is a nut job but mostly harmless. I'm pretty sure he doesn't have the balls to ask me to pay him a red cent. "Brielle and Greg need to ante up or be prepared to start bringing sack lunches. Better, yet, both."

"It's Gage!" Skyla thunders.

"It matters not"-he wags a finger in my direction-"because each time he leaves, the refrigerator is ten pounds lighter."

"I swear-I'm not eating out of the fridge." Is he for real?

"Darn right you're not." He points hard at the ceiling. "See that?" A security camera sits perched in the corner aimed right at the kitchen. "I've got that baby on 24/7, and I'm watching ground zero like a hawk-Greg." He leans in, staring at me like he wants to start a fist fight-and sadly I'm betting I'd deck him if he asked for it. "Now come on, Lizbeth"-he snatches his wallet off the counter-"I'm taking you out to breakfast." A greasy smile spreads over his face. "The bank has free coffee and donuts until ten-thirty." He growls back at me while stuffing himself into his jacket. "Not eating out the fridge..." he mumbles. "You know what?" He takes a step into me with his hair flipped through the air like a bad hairpiece. "If you were smart, you'd marry Skyla ASAP and whisk her the heck off this island before that quarterback brother of yours rolls back into town and marries her himself. Everyone knows that girls prefer a quarterback."

"Tad!" Skyla shouts.

A boiling rage percolates in me. Never in my life have I wanted to deck someone so bad. I force myself to look past the idiot, out the window, and focus in on the fog pressing against the glass. He knows just enough of the history that Logan and I share with Skyla to push my buttons. I wonder if it's true? What if Logan takes one look at her tomorrow-next week-and tries to take her away? What if he succeeds? A rage brews in me, and, for a fleeting moment, fresh hatred for Logan bubbles to the surface. But it flees as quick as it came, and my rage is replaced right back on that bonehead of a stepfather that Skyla and I will have to find a way to endure for the rest of our lives. I can't bring myself to look at him so I train my eyes on that damn window.

"You hear that Greg?" he screams in my face. "You're a liability to my family's welfare. All you do is take, take, take!"

My pulse quickens. My body heats up like an inferno. If I look at him I'll lose it. I'm a second away from stuffing my fist in his gut as I continue to burn my rage into that single sheet of glass.

The window buckles under the pressure and splinters like a bolt of lightning frozen in time.

Something in my chest loosens, and I break out in a cold sweat, panting as if I just sprinted to the moon and back.

"Would you look at that?" Lizbeth stalks over to the fractured glass, and Tad follows, bitching about their bad luck.

Skyla touches my cheek, her face rife with worry. She looks over at the window then back at me.

She suspects something.

She should.

After all, it was me who did it.

Later in the evening, after dinner, Skyla and I offer to do the dishes.

Mia comes over and taps Skyla on the shoulder. "Can I talk to you?"

"Sure." She turns off the water and offers me a kiss with a promise before stepping to the side.

"You never have time for me anymore," Mia whines, and I feel like shit because I'm the reason Skyla has been away from the house so much.

"I'm so sorry." Skyla rocks on her feet. "College is really keeping me busy."

Mia gives me the stink eye. "When he takes off, do you think we can finally get a chance to talk?"

Crap. I feel about three inches tall, so I keep wiping the dishes, pretending not to hear a word they're saying. I glance down at the dripping wet stack. Still can't believe I broke that window this afternoon. How the hell could I have done that? It's not a Levatio skill. It couldn't have been me.

I place a dirty cup in the sink, while Mia chews Skyla a new one for being "so damn inattentive," and glare at the rounded glass. It still has Drake's ketchup covered fingerprints over it and an inch of milk at the bottom. Freaking disgusting. I'd rather break it than wash it.

I try to concentrate all of my anger toward Logan once again, but, really, I don't have enough to crack a glass or my temper. I can't hate Logan. My thoughts shift to Chloe, to all the bullshit she's caused-to the fact she hacked off Logan's head in the first place and splintered Skyla's heart in the process. I think of how she killed Skyla's father, and my body starts to shake with anger, but the glass remains whole as the milk inside it. Wes pops in my brain. He's forced Skyla to appear down in the Tenebrous Woods far too many times, and each time she came back Dudley had to inject her with cyanide to kick-start her Celestra blood into regenerating itself. Still nothing. The glass remains solid, stealth, prideful and disgusting just like Demetri. Edinger-now there's an ass**le I can get heated about. It was him who actually did kill Skyla's father and started the ball of heartbreak rolling in her life. I focus in on his face, that constant arrogant smirk he wears like a mask-like he has the upper hand and the rest of us just don't know it yet-and something ignites in me far more powerful than I ever thought possible.

The glass pops. It shatters into three pieces, leaving a nest of shards at the bottom.

My chest loosens as if a stack of bricks just fell off. Strangely enough, when the glass fractured, I felt a surge of power go out from me in one magnificent jolt.

I marvel staring into the sink. Holy f**k.

"Everything okay?" Skyla touches her hand to her throat, her eyes gluing themselves on mine.

"I guess I'm a klutz."

Mia pushes Skyla in the shoulder. "And don't worry about helping me out with my math, someone else beat you to it."

"Marshall?" Skyla shouts his name like an admonishment more than a question.

"Who?" Mia backs up disgusted. "It's Chloe. Chloe listens to me. She's actually interested in my life!" She screams that last part in Skyla's face before running upstairs. Melissa sticks her tongue out at Skyla before following suit.

"There's that." Skyla comes over and glances at the broken glass.

"Am I fired?" I'm not ready to fess up just yet that I've added telekinetic destruction of property to my list of newfound talents.

"You wish." She squints into me a moment before brightening. "Besides, it's not a big deal. One less dish means we get upstairs faster."

We knock out those dishes in record time and head upstairs to study-each other.

Skyla speeds me through the hall that leads to her bedroom, bubbling with laughter, light on her feet as if she were about to float away. The door to Drake's room is open, and we can hear Bree and him bickering about something.

Skyla leans in. "He's probably trying to sell her some replica penises."

"We heard that!" Brielle shouts.

"Are you asking to borrow Bree's dildo again, Skyla?" Drake barks. "Maybe you should stop putting the freeze on your boyfriend's balls. Put away the toys and pay attention to the boys in front of you." He hacks out a laugh as if he were proud of himself for his inadvertent rap.

Skyla's mouth drops, but she continues to her room. We land inside and she locks the door, slides the dresser over for good measure. I teleport us up to the butterfly room and bury a kiss over her hot mouth. The dark room glows with a wash of electric blue as the butterflies flap their cobalt wings, happy to see us.

"I think Drake is right." Skyla twists her lips.

"Right?" That douchebag hasn't been right about anything since he learned to talk.

"Yeah." Skyla's skin glows a soft teal from the trembling butterflies around us. The lights are off, save for the candescent illumination. It's perfect like this. "I've been neglecting your balls for far too long." She unbuckles my jeans and pulls them down past my hips. "By the way, you're hung like a horse." A smile cinches up one side of her lips. "Not just any horse, the biggest horse there is-a Clydesdale."

Actually, I think it's a Shire, and I only know that because at one point my mother was heavily into horses and kept threatening to get the biggest one she could find. Technically, they're both Draft horses, but I'm not one of those guys that has to have all the answers, so I keep my mouth shut.

"A Clydesdale, huh?" I run my fingers through her soft waves. Skyla's hair feels like exotic silk. "Sounds good to me."

"You know what else should sound good to you?" She licks the rim of her lips like an afterthought. Skyla has no damn idea how beautiful she is. It's one of the things I like best about her. "The fact I'm about to do this." She cinches her thumbs in my boxers and drops to her knees taking my clothes right along with her.

"Shit," I whisper as my erection springs up to greet her.

"God, Gage, you're like from another planet." She runs her fingers gently over the crest of it.

"Skyla-"

"Shh..." She touches her finger to her lips. "No speaking or moving." She takes the length of me in her hands and gives a slow, pulling stroke. I knock my head back, and close my eyes. A soft, wet sensation touches over the tip, and I look down to find her covering me with her mouth.

Oh shit. I let out a groan. This is it. This is secretly what my dick was hoping would happen next, hell, it was hoping it'd happen ages ago, but I'm glad it didn't. Waiting until this moment, right here in the butterfly room, seems like the perfect plan, the right time.

Skyla glides down, taking in as much of me as she can. She'd have to be a sword swallower to dive down to the base, but, then in a surge, her warm mouth pushes lower and, holy crap, if she didn't just hit the f**king base.

A gagging noise comes from her throat, and she pulls away like backing out of a fire.

"You okay?" I try to bury the nerves in my voice.

She looks up, her eyes red and watery. It's pretty clear we escaped having her bring up her dinner on my balls by seconds.

"I'm fine. I just wanted to see if I could do it, that's all." She bats her lashes before giving it another go. Skyla rides her mouth over me like she's playing an instrument. She tightens her lips over my body, strong and forceful, giving my dick a firm squeeze every now and again. I knot my fingers in her hair, massage through it panting, groaning so loud I half expect her moron of a stepfather to stalk on up here to see who the hell is getting slaughtered.

Hell, yes. Skyla is slaughtering me all right. More like devouring, knocking my dick and me into the next century by way of the supersonic flight pattern she's imparting on the two of us. I crack my lids and watch as her head rises and falls over me. Skyla is keeping perfect time with her steady rhythm. It's as if the butterfly room is stretching and expanding as the moment replays itself over and over. Skyla moves up and down as if she had nothing in the world she'd rather be doing.

"Skyla." She's got me right there. Paragon flashes through my mind. A vision of Skyla and I making love in every nook and cranny on this glorified rock sails through me. Rockaway, the back of the Gas Lab, my parent's hot tub, my bedroom, the bowling alley, West, the woods, Harrison's house, Dudley's barn-the images come at me fast as I hit my zenith. I give her hair a gentle tug, trying to encourage her to pull away. "I'm going to come," I whisper, but Skyla keeps at it like she doesn't care. I burst into her mouth, digging my nails into her hair, pulling it as I quake into her, and she swallows me down. Her tongue vibrates over me soft as velvet, and I can feel her sucking every last drop right out of my body. "Shit!" I hiss as I tremble to completion. I pull out and drop to my knees to worship her. "You okay?"

The whites of her eyes shine bright red. Her hand flies to her mouth. Her chest bucks. I teleport us to the bathroom and hold her hair as she loses her dinner, lunch, and breakfast-and a little something I might have added to the mix. I can't help feeling like I broke her. Skyla vomits into the toilet again and again until finally she sits back and takes a deep breath.

"You don't have to do that again-swallowing." I clarify like an ass. Of course, she knew I meant swallowing. She's going to think I'm campaigning for another blowjob, which sadly I think I am.

"I'm so sorry." She staggers to her feet and brushes her teeth for ten solid minutes. "You still love me?" Skyla wraps her arms around my neck. A shy smile bobs on her lips.

"Of course I still love you." I bounce a quick kiss off her forehead. "I can never stop. I love you so damn much." More than she can ever truly know. I was made to love Skyla, and it's the single most important task in my world.

That's another thing that seems to be growing, aside from my powers-my love for her.

We head back up to the butterfly room.

I pull her in by the chin and fall into those pale swimming pools she calls eyes. "I'm going to make sweet love to you all night long."

I brush my lips over the canvas of her body starting at her temple before gliding down her neck, down to her beautiful soft tits, the gentle curve of her hips, the inside of her thighs, that slick of wild honey-and I pause to savor it before moving onto her knees, her smooth as satin shin, all ten of her f**king cute toes. I glide right back up and start all over.

This is heaven on earth.

Me, right where I belong, getting lost in the girl I love.

My wife.

Logan

They say a coward dies many times before he ever hits the ground for that final dirt nap. I'm starting to feel like a coward, only I happened to do the dying first because I can't seem to get jack shit right.

Liam moans approvingly into his dinner. "Good stuff." He shakes his head into Barron and Emma.

Tomorrow night we're all heading out to watch Gage in his next game over on Host. It's the last one before a string of away games that take place on the mainland. But I'm not going to let a little metric distance come between me and a good football game. If Gage is in it, I'll be there, rooting him on. Although somewhere in the audience will be Skyla, and it'll be hard as heck to fight the urge to sit down beside her. Last week I think I watched more of Skyla than I did the game. And, maybe one day soon, I'll get to sit beside her. All they need is a little more time.

"So where's Gage?" Liam stabs at another steak before plopping it on his plate. He's filling out a little. He's not quite the bag of bones that was deposited from paradise. Candace made sure to gift him the same body he had the day he left. Rumor has it, Mom wasn't that great of a cook.

"It appears he's been staying at the dorm this past week," Barron says it curt.

"At least that's the story he's been feeding us," Emma glares past my shoulder as if she were looking at Gage himself. "I went over to surprise him yesterday, and he was nowhere to be found. His roommate said he hadn't a clue where he spent the night."

The room grows quiet. Barron saws through his steak as if it were the most important task in the world. There's a strangled tension in the air I can't quite put my finger on.

"What's going on?" I pipe up. "Are you afraid to tell me something?"

Emma shoots me a look. "We don't know anything, Logan. All we know is he's neither here nor there. He's called twice to say hello, but I didn't want to ask. Quite frankly, I don't want to know." She lowers her lids and concentrates on extracting the broccoli from the bowl one at a time.

"He's a grown man," Barron chirps. He gives the briefest smile to both Liam and me as if vaguely including us in that equation.

"Why don't you just ask Skyla?" Liam leans in as if the obvious were staring us in the face, and it is.

My insides catch fire, and it has nothing to do with the carnivore in me devouring a raw thirty-two ouncer and everything to do with the fact I'm betting Gage has been tucked away in the butterfly room with Skyla all week-getting lucky. He's always been lucky for that matter, so I don't see why this should be any different.

"Did you ever figure out why Wes and Gage look like they could be long lost twins?" I tip my soda at Barron before taking a sip. There's no way I want to linger on the topic of Skyla and Gage getting their groove on.

"Who's Wes?" Emma's face smooths out, and I catch that look in my brother's eye that says good going, moron. I guess he hasn't run this by his wife yet.

"A young man came by the morgue the other day." Barron shoots me a flaccid smile. "He's interested in a formula Ezrina is working on."

"Which is?" I don't mean to steer the conversation away from Wes, but, then, this has everything to do with him. Plus I'm dying to know, no pun intended.

Barron waves his hand. "Something to do with removing genetic markers."

"Removing genetic markers?" I look to Liam.

"Maybe he wants to convince his ex that's he's a changed man." Liam bites the steak off his fork and chews wildly. "Physically speaking, not a Count or a Fem."

I shake my head. "Doesn't make sense. Laken is done with him. Any idiot can see that. Besides he is a Fem. He's lower than a snake on the ground." He's lucky Bishop is there to morph into anyone he pleases.

"A Fem." Emma closes her eyes a moment too long. "Excuse me, but why would a Fem have morphed into Gage's likeness?" She dives for her glass before pouring water down her throat. It's obvious I've just rattled Emma, and, now, I feel like a piece of crap for bringing it up.

"To get into Skyla's pants." Liam deadpans.

Of course.

Oh shit.

Barron and I exchange a quick look.

But Skyla would know the difference, wouldn't she?

Something's not right. Wes has spent his whole life walking around with those dimples, that dark head of hair. He's two years older than Gage.

Wait a minute.

What if...

Oh f**k.

8

Smooth Operator

Skyla

Before my eyelids ever open, I feel his body in mine, moving, writhing over me smooth and easy. I let out a groan as I struggle to rouse. It's bliss like this with Gage. Waking with him by my side, over me, his lips peppering my face with early morning kisses. I pry my lids open and give a sleepy grin just as his fingers dip down to my erogenous zone and work their magic. The framing of his face looks slightly unfamiliar, his black locks traded for warm honey. My lids spring wide. My hands fly to his chest as Marshall pants over me with a lazy smile blooming on his lips.

"Marshall!" I sit up and smack Gage in the face with a crisp morning slap. "Oh, it's you!" I touch my hand to my chest. "Thank God." I pull him back into me with a violent yank.

"If you're trying to kill my hard-on, you're doing a great job." He laughs through his kiss. I've filled Gage in on the nightmares I've been having about Marshall. Well, I've sort of filled him in. I let him know I was being chased by the naughty Sector. I might have left out the part where he speared me with his penis sword time and time again. Some things should never be spoken.

"Let's see if I can't bring it back to life," I tease, pulling him in close while cinching my legs around him.

"What do you know?" His chest rumbles with a laugh. "I never lost it." Gage pushes into me gently. We resurrect the morning with a frenzied rapture that has nothing to do with Marshall and everything to do with Gage and his perfect body molding to mine, raking over me in a fit of passion that leaves the butterfly room in flames.

An hour later we race to the dock where we watch the early ferry leave without us which causes me to be a few minutes late for the class I have with none other than the penis sword wielder himself. I take my seat next to Laken and spend the next several minutes shooting Marshall the stink eye. It was one thing to have him defiling me nightly when I was quasi-single, but now that I'm Mrs. Gage Oliver, it feels fifty shades of wrong. He was a no-show Monday and Wednesday so his T.A. force-fed us a dry lecture. If he wasn't here today I would have sought him out to make sure Chloe hadn't nailed him to a tree at West. I would have checked on him earlier, but, in truth, I wasn't in a hurry to let Marshall in on my matrimonial secret.

I glance over at Laken who's contently jotting down notes. It's been killing me all week not to say a word to anyone. I'm sure Laken would be more than happy for me if she knew, and I'm pretty sure she'd be the last person to rat me out to my mother or Emma, so I go for it.

I lean in and whisper, "Gage and I eloped."

"Skyla!" She pulls back, her eyes wide with surprise. "Congratulations!"

We share our restrained enthusiasm a moment. I had to tell somebody. I'm just bursting at the seams. It's as if I found the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, and I can't share the riches with my family and friends like I want to.

After a long, droning hour slugs by, the class wraps up, and Marshall glares in my direction.

"Ms. Messenger-may I see you a moment?"

"He doesn't look happy." Laken studies him with suspicion. I'd better fill her in on my bizarre relationship with Professor Dudley before she accidentally involves the authorities.

"He's harmless. Trust me." He's still glaring, totally not helping the cause. "I'll just be a second."

I trot over to my spirit spouse, fully ready and willing to tell him about the real deal. I've got a shiny new covenant, and I'm not afraid to flaunt it.

"You wed Jock Strap." His eyes meet mine. A fine oscillating rhythm takes over, and my vision begins to wobble.

"God, you're sending your vibrations right through my eyes," I marvel. "Are you that pissed?"

"No." He averts his gaze a moment. "I'm not angry with you, Skyla. I knew this was coming. But something additional has occurred, something that cannot be revoked in any manner with the exception of death."

"I know all about that 'til death do us part stuff although, technically, I don't remember hearing it."

"It doesn't matter, those are the bylaws of the covenant." He leans in, his brows peaking in the center. "Don't you see? Death is our only hope now-there's no escaping this matrimony without it."

"What the heck are you babbling about? I'm not hoping for death-quite the opposite." I gently take hold of his arm. "Marshall, please don't hate Gage. It's hard for me to hear you say these things. I'm in love with him." I glance around before leaning in and whispering, "He's my husband now. What we have is real and everlasting. Besides, I've already made up my mind. I'm going to do everything in my power to keep him alive as long as possible. I hate death. What I went through with Logan was the worst feeling in the world. I'm not strong enough to do that again."

"You must and you will." He snaps his briefcase shut, staring down at the burgundy leather as if he were about to set it on fire with the rage percolating in his eyes. "Skyla, we've been infiltrated. Once it comes to light what's happened"-he straightens, losing his gaze out the window at the rolling thick lawns-"I'll be here for you. I vow to see you through this."

My heart thumps into my throat.

"See me through what?"

The muscles in his jaw pop as he zips out the door in a fury, his large, boxy frame, striding farther away as if he had a mission to fulfill, and there was no room for delay.

Truthfully, I don't know what the hell he was talking about, but I do know that it must be hard for him now that I'm with Gage-in every intimate way imaginable. I'm sorry I hurt him. More than anything I would never want to bring Marshall an ounce of pain.

I speed out into the thick, blooming fog. It's as if white-feathered plumes had erupted all over campus after a celestial pillow fight. Laken is nowhere to be seen. I'm sure she's off to her next class, but there's still so much more I want to tell her.

Marshall's psychobabble replays in my mind. What did he mean by infiltrated? It almost sounded sexual. But, then again, everything sounds deliciously sexual these days. Gage bristles to the surface of my mind, our bodies moving in time, those heated kisses-and a tiny giggle bubbles in my chest.

A thought comes to me, and I straighten. Maybe I should have Marshall lay out the parameters of our spiritual nuptials? Maybe his mind has been infiltrated with unwanted visions of Gage and me going at it? No wonder he's so violently pissed at my new husband. He's seen the package Gage is sporting and now is forced to alter his nickname to double-extra-large Jock Strap. Really, he's inhuman in every way possible.

A dark-haired boy with a familiar frame bumps into me from nowhere, and everything in me warms at the sight of him.

"Thank God, you're here!" I snatch Gage and pull him behind the Student Union. "This morning has been a real mind f**k-excuse my French." I try to shake all thoughts of Marshall and his warped sense of humor out of my mind. "You know what I really need?" I pull him deeper into the shadows and then start in with my assault. I land my lips hard over his and ride my leg up his thigh.

"Skyla, wait." He pushes me back with a laugh buried in his throat.

"That's the point. We're married now. We're done waiting, remember?" I jam my tongue so far down his throat, he gives a hard groan.

Skyla! He turns his face, and I use my Celestra strength to snatch him by the chin and meet my lips again. Gage holds the scent of a stronger cologne than I'm used to him wearing, musk with a sharp bite of pine, and I can't decide whether or not I like it.

"God, I love it when you struggle." I'm sure that's all kinds of twisted, but, holy hell, it's hot. I don't know what kind of newly imparted moral code Gage has against making out on campus. It's been our MO ever since we arrived at Host-hell, while we were at West, but-

"I don't know about his moral code either." He turns his head, and I pepper kisses all the way down his neck. "Why don't you go ask him?"

I give a dull laugh, slipping my hand down the back of his jeans.

"A little role play, huh?" It looks like I get another shot at being the home-wrecking whore.

"Skyla, I'm not Gage. It's me, Wes."

Gah! I jump back like leaping out of a fire. The only home-wreaking whore around here is him. Only he wasn't actually instigating anything.

Just crap.

I don't know what's worse, kissing Wes, or having to confess it to Gage later.

"Congratulations on your wedding." His eyes ride over me, tired and slow. "It must feel pretty great to be with the person you love."

A tiny part of me hurts for Wes, but then I remember he's wicked and that Laken gave him the finger for a good reason.

I take him in. Wes is downright regal-his face an exact replica of the man I love. Dear God. I shake my head. The evergreens move lethargic behind him, submerged in the fog just enough to make them look like a dream. For whatever reason this moment is imprinting itself in my mind. Other than the color of his eyes he's my Gage, and this rattles me, tosses my sanity around like those maple leaves doing cartwheels over the lawn.

"It didn't have to be like this," I whisper. Laken made it clear that night on Rockaway why she's no longer with him. "Wes, you chose the Counts over love." He made it easy for her. But Cooper is a great guy, and if I had anything to do with destiny, I'd pair her with Coop every single time.

"I had a higher calling, Skyla." He takes a step forward and bears into me with those ivy-green eyes. "If you had to choose between the greater good of Celestra or loving someone, what would you do?" He starts to walk away. "Your life has changed, Skyla. But not in the traditional way that marriage changes you. You chose love, Skyla. You made the decision Laken wasn't able to." He disappears into the fog, melting right along with it.

Of course, I'd choose the greater good of Celestra, but that's a decision I'll never have to make. Gage loves Celestra as much as I do. Choosing love was easy for me.

I shake my head in his wake. If anything, Wes and Chloe are the perfect pairing, and it makes me sick to my stomach that she's "trapped" for all eternity with a Gage lookalike of all people. What the hell is wrong with my mother, anyway? What kind of punishment does Chloe truly have if she's teaching cheer on Paragon? Sleeping with fake Gage, night after night, in the Transfer?

I glance up at the strawberry pink sky, the clouds heavy, pregnant with our next storm.

"We need to talk, Mother. Do you hear me?"

A crackle of lavender lightning goes off in a spiral, right over campus, causing a group of girls to scream in the distance.

"Sooner than later," I say, making my way to my next class.

Something is definitely off.

Marshall seems to know. Chloe knows, too. Wes just spoke in a circle, so I'm betting he knows, as well.

I'm damn sure my mother knows.

And, in keeping with tradition, I'll be the last to know anything.

The sky churns a fiery red, angry yet sultry, as if it were about to rip open with a viral passion that mankind has never witnessed before. It's sunset on Host-if there were such a thing as the sun in our part of the world. I know somewhere behind this thick veil of clouds that a giant ball of gas hides like a coward, like some salted truth everyone seems to be holding from me.

The game is just about to begin as Brielle and I make our way onto the field.

"Oh, look, there's Em!" Brielle points to the sidelines where Emily is yapping it up with the coach. "She's talking to her dad."

"Her dad is the coach?"

"Yup. Her mom does something here, too. I forget what. Em's whole family practically runs the school."

"Oh, so that's where the dragon's head mounted above their fireplace comes from. It's the mascot." I hold back a laugh. "And here I thought they were part of some odd, freaky cult."

Bree pulls back. "You don't know anything about Host or Em's family, do you?"

The giant dragon painted on the side of the stadium catches my eye. He's lit up an eerie blue. His eyes illuminate with oversized red bulbs that glow in the night like terrible warnings, homages to his name-Omen.

"So there is something," I whisper.

"Skyla!" Gage calls from the field.

"Go on." Brielle gives my shoulder a squeeze. "I see Laken over there." She rolls her eyes. "We'll save you a spot."

I run over to Gage with his shoulders spread wide as wings, and my stomach clenches with heat at the sight of him. His uniform is white just like the one he wore at West. And I still can't get over that unlucky 13 scrawled on his back. I want to rip it off and reverse the numbers, but right above it is spelled out Oliver, the most perfect surname in all of history, so I can almost forgive the jersey. My wedding dates run through my mind. It's funny because those don't feel unlucky at all. I guess 13 is just a number, and, for me, it happens to be damn lucky.

"I know you." I wrap my arms around him and bump my fingers across the sticky lettering over his back. My favorite letters all in a row. "I love you," I whisper, examining him here in the shadows. A thick black line lies under each of his eyes, making his cobalt beams that much brighter. "You're so damn hot." I slip my hand up his shirt. "I can't wait to do a little cheer for you in private." In fact, I think I'll put on my West uniform and surprise him with just that.

"I love you, too." He melts a juicy kiss over my lips. "And I'm going to hold you to that cheer. In fact, I can't wait." His dimples dig in one last time before he takes off.

The cheerleaders run out on the field, and one of them tackle hugs Gage.

"Excuse me?" I lean in for a better look at who this dark-haired skank might be. Kresley. I shake my head. "In Emma's dreams," I whisper. I'll have to make it clear as crystal to this Kresley chick that Gage is officially off the market, but, with my luck, she'll blab it all to Emma, and then my mother will find out the entirely wrong way.

Crap.

It looks like we'll have to fill our families in on the good news sooner than we hoped. I was really starting to enjoy our little secret. It was as if we were able to have a honeymoon right in the open without the prying imaginations of my sisters and the onionskin walls at the Landon house. Gage has spent the night with me up in the butterfly room for the last solid week. We've morphed into a thing of beauty, startled by our magnificence, electric and bold just like those butterflies pinned to the walls.

I head up into the stands and nestle myself between Laken and Brielle. They look tense, unhappy. Laken looks either scared or pissed-knowing Bree, it's probably a safe combination of both.

"What's up?" I pull out my phone and get the camera ready to zoom in on Gage.

"Nothing." Brielle looks more than mildly guilty, so I know it's definitely something.

"Brielle was just filling me in on all of the awesome things you've done together." Laken says the word awesome as if she were mocking Bree, but under the radar, so only I would notice.

Crap. It's like Brielle is threatened by Laken for no apparent reason. Well, other than the fact Brielle is my one and only close friend. I'm sure seeing me hang out with Laken is setting off all kinds of BFF alarms, and I get it. I'll have to reassure Bree she's still my girl once the game is through.

"So how does it feel?" Laken wrinkles her nose. "You know, being a married woman."

"What are you talking about?" Brielle belts out a laugh. "Skyla isn't married. If she was, I'd not only be the first to know, but I'd be right there next to her as the maid of honor-we're that close." She shoots Laken an icy look before training her attention back on the field.

Oh crap.

"You're right-you would be the first to know, and you would be my maid of honor." I swallow hard. "Unless of course, it all happened so fast that I never had a chance to tell you." I sink a little in my seat. "I may have unexpectedly eloped." I wince into her. "And I may have let the good news slip to Laken this morning in class because I was about to explode if I didn't tell somebody."

Bree's face bleaches out under the harsh supervision of the floodlights. Her mouth falls open, and her features sag, giving her that overall corpse effect.

"Is it because I'm a Count, Skyla? Is that why you treat me so poorly?"

I smack Bree in the arm. "Stop with the pity party. You know I'll always love you. Besides, Laken is a Count, and I don't hold it against either one of you. If anything, I love you more because it just goes to prove that Counts and Celestra can get along." I lean over and pull her into a long, deep hug. "You keep me sane. Thank you for that."

"You're welcome." She gives a satisfied smile over to Laken. Bree leans in hard and whispers, "So, you did it?"

I nod as a mischievous smile breaks out on my face.

"Baseball bat?" She gives a knowing look.

"One he can hit a homerun with all night long," I'm quick to confirm.

She glances at Laken to make sure she's still on the outs of the conversation. "On a scale of one to ten-how loud does that boy make the crowd cheer when he hits it out of the park?" It's evident Bree is enjoying our little private tete-a-tete.

"Ten-thousand." A heat wave envelops me. "You know, the funny thing is, after being with Gage, I no longer want to shake anybody's hand. I mean, I know where Gage's hands have been-I know where my hands have been. The entire idea of people actually touching me, or, God forbid, making my food makes me want to hurl."

Bree shakes her head. "Only you could come away from sex with a phobia of other people's hands."

"Hand to God." I sink back in my seat. "I mean, true that." I don't remember any revolt of the digits after I was with Logan, but then I was too lost in grief to notice other people's hands, let alone imagine what they might be doing with them in their spare time.

The game starts, and we watch riveted by each well-orchestrated play. The Host Dragons are nailing this team from Oregon to the proverbial wall.

"Coop and Gage are killing it," Laken says. "I never thought I'd say this, but I actually wish I was down there cheering." She looks past me, and her expression sours. "Never mind. There are some people I'm not interested in shaking my body in front of."

I glance back and catch a glimpse of Gage-I mean, Wes. I swear it's going to take me forever to get used to seeing him outside of the Tenebrous Woods.

"I'll save all my cheers for the bedroom," she whispers. "Coop is the only audience I'm interested in."

"I get it." I omit the fact I may have inadvertently shook my body for Wes earlier today. "Have you talked to him yet?"

She blows a breath into the fog, and a plume of white feathers unfurls from her mouth. "Logan took Coop and me into the Transfer last weekend. It was harder than I ever imagined." She shakes her head still lost in the memory.

It's as if the world stops-time ceases to exists.

"Who took you to the Transfer?" Surely I misheard her.

"Logan." She nods as if I shouldn't be surprised. "Your Elysian?"

"Oh, right." Now it's my face losing all color.

"Laken." Bree is quick to admonish her. "If you knew anything about Skyla you'd know how traumatic this whole situation is for her. Logan hasn't appeared to her yet, and now she's clearly in shock to hear he's back."

"No, it's okay." A smile wobbles on my lips. "I knew he was here. He just hasn't seen me. I mean it's been a while." My body goes numb. It feels as if the universe just delivered a fresh slap across my cheek, and my head is still ringing from the effect.

"Sorry." Laken sinks in her seat. She looks up at me a moment before touching her fingers to my wrist. If you ever want to talk about it, I'm here for you. I know how it feels to love two people-and how it feels to let one go. Wes isn't a bad person. He's just making bad choices. She closes her eyes a moment. At least he used to not be a bad person.

Thank you, I mouth.

"He's up to no good." She shudders, pulling her coat tight as if it were Cooper himself protecting her from Wesley's evil clutches. "Wes just might be the most dangerous person on the planet right now."

A shiver runs through me when she says it.

"That's a bold statement." And most likely true.

Laken and I are lost in thought over the idea, so much so that I miss the next play.

A violent yank to my shoulder nearly pushes me right out of the stands, and I turn to Brielle who's screaming incoherently. All I hear are the words, Gage-hurt-the field...

Oh God.

Gage

"Shit." I spit my mouthpiece out and squeeze my eyes shut tight, trying to will myself out of my body-away from the white-hot pain.

Fuck, f**k, f**k.

Coach Morgan runs over, along with Coop, and, before I know it, there's a team huddle forming above me.

"Can you get up?" Coach offers me a hand.

I lift my shoulders off the grass, and that hot explosion of pain bites right through to my tailbone.

"Not without help."

"I got you." Coop tries to lift my arm, and a fierce jolt spasms through my neck, knocking the wind out of me.

I'm too jacked up to move, let alone breathe.

"We need a stretcher!" Coach shouts and calls for time.

"Shit. Sorry about that." I wish I could say it was the sack from hell that knocked me on my back, but, in truth, some of those Pee Wee kids I worked with hit harder than what I just took. I went down like a dead man, and all the other team had to do was blow me over. I'm sure there's some guy from Tusk laughing his ass off right now at what a wuss I am.

"Hang tight." Coop gives my arm a squeeze. "Here comes Skyla."

"Gage!" Skyla calls for me. I can hear the worry in her voice before I ever see her face.

Her hair falls all around me, creating a curtain from the rest of the world, and all I see are her tear-filled eyes, her trembling lips.

"I'm okay. I promise," I grunt. "It's probably just a bruise." At least I'm hoping.

The coach shouts something, Skyla pulls back as they hoist me onto a gurney and ratchet it up before wheeling me off the field. The crowd breaks out into a somber applause as Skyla clasps onto my hand.

"Don't worry, I've got you!" she shouts, running alongside me.

Dad and Mom come at me, running full steam.

"Gage!" Mom screams as if I just had my arms hacked off. "We can take it from here, Skyla." She doesn't waste any time in pushing her away. "This is a family emergency."

Crap.

"Skyla," I call for her, but Mom is blocking my view of where she might be.

The medics start in on a million questions, but I keep trying to crane my neck to find Skyla in my peripheral vision. A stabbing pain burrows between my shoulder blades forcing me to shut my eyes from the agony.

"Skyla," I call out hoarse. I try one last time to find her only to catch my mother with her hand outstretched to my wife. She's keeping Skyla at an arms length, shouting something in her face and it only gets my adrenaline pumping faster. A knife-like pain jags through my skull, speeding all the way to my toes, and I'm in too much damn pain to do anything about my mother right now.

I lay back and grit my teeth, groaning-begging my body to pass out already.

This is bad.

I pray it's not my last night on the field.

Hell, I pray it's not my last night on earth.

At the hospital they run an MRI and shoot me up full of morphine, tell me to hang tight.

After what feels like an eternity Skyla appears by my side, taking my hand.

"Hey." I force a smile to come and go, still enjoying the slight rush of the drugs they just pumped through me. And, even though I appreciate my parents hovering nearby, I wish it were just Skyla and me.

"You're going to be okay," she whispers it sweetly, peppering my face with gentle kisses.

"Skyla!" My mother's voice bites through the air. "He's injured. Please give him some rest."

The doctor comes in and saves me from having to rip my mother a new one. Truth be told, I don't have the voice or energy right now.

"Gage?" A tall man hunched over himself plods forward as if he just crawled out of a casket. "I have some news." He gives a brief glance to Skyla. "Would you prefer we speak alone?"

"No, this is fine."

"Gage." Mom steps forward, twirling the pearls around her neck until it looks as if she's about to strangle herself. "I think we should keep it just family for now-in the event there's terrible news, or perhaps it's something you might be embarrassed about."

"Skyla is family." I'm quick to rise to her defense even if it did send a piercing pain down my back. If I were feeling halfway human-hell halfway angelic-I'd rattle Skyla's ring finger at her.

"That's fine by me." The doctor opens his laptop and scans the information. "It looks like you have some swelling at the base of your neck. It's nothing too scary, just a contusion." He grimaces. "And, I'm afraid that you have a significant narrowing of the spine in that region as well. Gage, have you had any pain, or difficulty moving that area?"

"Of course, he hasn't." Mom takes up my other hand. "He's healthy as a horse."

"A Clydesdale." Skyla winks down at me, and I break out a tiny smile. My balls miss her touch just looking at her.

"That may be"-the doctor starts-"but what Gage has is spinal stenosis. It's a congenital condition, so there's nothing you could have done to cause or prevent this."

"So, then-I'm fine, right? I've played football all my life and never had a problem."

"Not so fast." He glances at Mom a moment. "You've been very lucky so far. One wrong hit and you could be staring down the barrel of paralysis. I'm afraid I can't send you back on the field with a good conscience."

"Who the hell is this guy?" I glance at Dad for a second. "You work for Tusk?" It wouldn't surprise me. "I'm fine. I play football. That's what I do. That's who I am. Nobody is taking that away from me."

He closes his laptop and makes his way toward the door. "I'm not here to take anything away from you, Gage. I'm here to try and prevent you from taking something precious away from yourself-your ability to walk." He turns to my dad. "Otherwise he should be fine once the swelling subsides in a few days. The longer he plays, the more he runs the risk of a permanent injury. It's not a matter of if-it's a matter of when." He looks back to me. "I'm sorry, Gage. I understand this will be hard for you to accept, but with the support of your family, I think you'll be fine." And with that piece of shit news, he walks out the door.

I don't think I'll be fine. I don't think there's enough support in the world to keep me off that field. I give a hard sniff.

"You guys mind giving me a minute?" I can hardly croak out the words.

"Why don't we get some coffee?" Dad opens the door and motions for my mother.

"Not without Skyla," she snips.

Crap. I'm not in the mood to deal with my mother's BS. Her insecurities are the least of my worries.

"Gage?" Skyla looks down as if asking the question.

"I'll be fine. You mind picking me up a soda?"

"Two hits of Pepsi, one hit of Dr. Pepper?"

"You know how I like it." I give her hand a squeeze.

I wait until they're gone before I sink into the hole that's swallowed me down. Who knew I had hit the grass for the very last time. Football was my life for so many years. I thought maybe, in some far reaching reality, I might actually go pro. At least that way I'd get to provide a nice life for Skyla. But it's done. I'm done. My insides buck, and I lose it. Tears sear their way down my cheeks, and I press my lips together hard to keep from all out boo-hooing.

A brisk knock comes from the door, and I wipe down my face with the back of my arm.

"Room for one more?"

I recognize that voice-see his face and still don't believe it.

"Logan?" My body sparks back to life. A burst of adrenaline shoots through me, and suddenly I have enough energy to run a lap around the facility.

"It's me." He walks over with a sheepish smile. "Dude." He leans in and wraps his arms around me loose as if I were made of glass. "I've missed you, big guy."

"Missed you, too." I mean every word right down to my aching bones. Logan is my brother in every way.

"I heard what happened-actually, I was there." He grabs a seat and scoots in close.

"Are you back for good? Or you just messing with our heads again?"

He closes his eyes a moment at the dig. "I'm staying. I'm helping Ellis at the bowling alley on days that you and Skyla aren't scheduled. I haven't seen her yet." He blows out a breath. "Heard about the wedding." He cracks a smile. "Congratulations. I'm really happy for the both of you." Something in his eyes says he's being genuine. "Don't worry about this." He flicks a finger toward my neck. "Skyla might be able to take care of it if you let her."

"No." I close my eyes-half with relief half with self-pity. Is that really what I want? To use Skyla's blood, her standing to bail my body out whenever I need it? "We'll see. I'll probably go it alone."

"Don't let pride keep you off that field. I saw that game tonight. You put up a good fight."

"I'm not fighting now-am I?" And, by the looks of things, I don't think I'll ever get to fight again. I let the thought dart out of my head like a bird off to greener pastures. "So what's new with you? Liam says you're at Dudley's. You okay over there?"

"I'm fine. And where are you and Skyla living?"

"Don't ask."

"Take the house on Whitehorse."

"No way." That's the house Logan built for Skyla-Skyla and him. It's not up for debate, there's no way in hell I'm headed that way. "Come home. You don't belong at Dudley's. You belong with us." I let out a breath. "With Skyla and me."

"Soon." He taps my leg. "I'm rooting for you guys. I'm not here to interfere. Next time"-he points hard at me on his way out the door-"we'll talk shop. Counts are up to no good. You know about Demetri's son?"

"Wesley."

"He's a pawn, but dangerous as shit. I'm going to end the mystery of why he's wearing your face, and when I do, I'll be back." He lingers by the door a moment.

"Logan?"

"What's up?"

"Don't ignore me when I call you." I give a weak smile. "Pick up the damn phone."

"Got it." He mock shoots me, and he's gone.

I settle back into my pillow and close my eyes. Seeing Logan felt better than any amount of morphine-any street drug ever could. And knowing Skyla will be in my arms later feels just as great. With the two of them in my life, who needs football?

A tiny voice in the back of my head says me.

Logan

A week drifts by, and I check in with Barron every day to see how Gage is doing. He's still taking it easy, but he hasn't missed any school which is what I wanted to hear. I know he's got to be pretty down about losing his field privileges, hell, I feel the same way. Maybe we could start our own league-the dead and the injured.

Liam and I are doing time at the bowling alley tonight, closing down the kitchen for the evening. We've got another half hour before I lock the doors then it's back to Dudley's.

I spot Ellis in the corner trying to gnaw off Giselle's face, and my stomach turns at the sight. Crap. Barron will have my balls if I bear witness to Harrison assaulting his daughter and don't do a thing about it.

"Ellis," I bark. "Come here and help me knock out some shoes."

Liam slaps me over the arm. "Check out the eye candy."

I turn to find two refreshingly familiar faces coming my way. They stop dead in their tracks. Their mouths open wide as if they were about to yawn or scream, most likely the latter.

"Holy crap!" Michelle deadpans.

"Michelle Miller and Lexy Bakova." I slump into a warm smile. Whoever thought they'd be a sight for sore eyes?

They bum-rush me and offer up a tackle hug that nearly knocks me over.

"We were starting to give up on you." Michelle cinches her arm around my waist, but it slides right off when she spots Liam. "Who is this side of beef?"

"Liam-my brother."

"God up in heaven!" Michelle holds her breath a moment, looking a little too transfixed by my big bro. "I don't care where you came from, but I'm glad you're in my life."

"Who says he's in your life?" Lex steps forward with her hair blunt at the base of her neck, her high-tops sit loose without laces.

"Back off, Bakova," Michelle says it like she means business. Both Michelle and Lexy are easy on the eyes, but neither are for me. And, by the looks of things, it's not me they're interested in anyway-it's Liam.

"Have you seen Paragon?" Michelle threads her arm in his, and Liam doesn't protest. "I mean really seen it." She licks her lips. Her lids hang heavy. "I can show you things most boys only wish they could see."

Ellis swoops in. "Looks like good old Liam is set to bag half the island."

Lexy looks over at me. "Who are you bagging these days, Oliver?"

Crap. How do I explain my newfound celibate status? Celibate-even the word strikes terror in my balls. I've been lending myself a helping hand, but it's going to be a long dry season until I finally get to be with Skyla again-and when I do, I'll lose Gage, so I can't even think about that.

"I'm bagging the bowling alley." True as shit. Getting screwed every time I make a deposit. I glance around at the cavernous vagina I'm still trying to keep afloat and nod. Sounds about right.

"So you ready to do this?" Ellis slaps a hand over my shoulder as if I should know what the hell he's talking about.

"Do what?" Unless, of course, he's trying to get me out of the ball-busting conversation I'm having with Lex, then I get it-and blew it.

She gives Ellis a dirty look before turning to Liam and Michelle.

Ellis leans in. "The big Count meet and greet tonight-special invite only. I'll let you tag along. I even asked my dad-he said whatever. I figure you'd want to get the lowdown. Emerson is going." He nods over to Giselle. It's nice he's trying to keep track of her identities, especially when others are within earshot. It's times like these I think he really is into my niece.

"Hanging with the Counts, huh? What's the topic? How to kiss Wesley's ass?"

"Nope. Regrouping."

"Regrouping." That's exactly what I thought the Counts would do. "Well then, it looks like we've got a faction meeting to get to."

Arson Kragger's estate is dauntingly huge, as are most Counts' homes-at least the heavy hitters. After all, they're the ones who for years would siphon a little off the top. The Counts are notorious for shaking down the other factions for money to "protect" them. But after the faction war, Celestra was officially restored to power with Skyla as the overseer. Any shit laws they want to put into play will get snuffed out by my favorite beautiful blonde, and they can't do a thing about it-except, of course, regroup in an effort to go around Skyla. The only silver lining is that some of the good Counts might be moved to rat them out, then Skyla can take them to a higher court, the Justice Alliance.

Giselle bubbles with a laugh as she drags Ellis up toward the oversized leaded-glass doors. "After this, I'll show you my bedroom. It has a hot tub and everything."

"Shh. Of course, I'll go." He glances over at me, and I shake my head at him.

"Not if you want to keep your balls you won't."

"Got it." Ellis doesn't bother hiding his smirk. "We'll probably just take a drive out to Devil's Peak." He tweaks her ribs, and she titters out a laugh.

Why do I get the feeling that's not any more chaste than the hot tub?

The velvet fog moves along with us and streams right inside the doors of the goliath estate as if it too were curious with what the Counts have to say tonight.

The marble floors look freshly polished. The first thing that smacks you in the face when you get inside is the grand staircase crafted from ornate iron-the overall cavernous effect of the home in general.

"Where is everyone?" It's so quiet inside, I can hear myself breathing.

"Oh, they never hold meetings here." Giselle is quick with the partial explanation.

"They open a portal and shit like that." Ellis leads us to the back where there's a familiar looking scumbag keeping guard over a set of French doors that lead out to the yard, but judging by the dense blue fog, it leads to much more sinister places tonight.

"Ingram." I step toward the fool who's guarding the portal. He's older, hunched over himself, and his skin glows a sickly yellow. "Long time no smell." I give a bleak smile. Ingram is doing time in the Tenebrous Woods, that's where I usually see him and-oh shit-I have a feeling I know where we're going.

"Welcome back, Sir Oliver. Your Elysian duties haven't been required of you as of late. I suppose you and your ladylove appreciate the benefits of not tending to each other in the tunnels. It's no ball watching someone you loathe suckling off the woman you love." He cuts his gaze across the vast room. "I should know."

Ingram was once married to Ezrina, but that was before Nev-and that's all I know-all I care to know.

"How can we get out of there if we need to ditch the party a little early?"

He squints. "The rules of Tenebrous are simple. If you're an invited visitor, you're allowed to depart at your leisure. Only prisoners are destined to linger." He waves us through before narrowing in on me with those soulless eyes. "Dare I say, you might be in for a stay."

That's what I was afraid of.

We head into the fog as it cools us with its icy tendrils. It covers our skin with an oily film, fills our lungs until we're choking on it.

The Tenebrous Woods form around us, dark and cloying. A dim lavender moon hangs up above like a sickle as the three of us head to a clearing that sits just outside of the evil woods. This is it, the place Celestra captives have been tormented for years, having the blood sucked right out of their arteries. Wes did it to Skyla, and, as her Elysian, I was forced to supervise.

"Gather." A familiar voice booms from the front.

"Dude, it's effing Edinger." Ellis shakes his head. "My dad thinks he's the shit."

"Your dad is right. He is shit." Most everyone who keeps this place in business is.

We head over to where a large group of Counts are gathered en masse, standing, waiting in anticipation for what comes next.

"Good evening," Edinger purrs with that forever grin he wears. "I'm sure you're wondering what a Fem is doing at a Countenance roundtable, but I assure you, brothers and sisters, I come in alliance. As you're all aware, Celestra has made significant strides these last several months. The Countenance has done well to stay under the radar. And, with the formation of the Steel Barricade, you'll prove once again there is only one power under the sun that deserves rightful reign. Tonight the Counts and the Fems are one-as we shall be forever. And now, I give you-my son."

Wesley steps onto the makeshift stage of elevated soil. I'd like to turn him on his head and bury him in it. He's dressed from head to toe in black, with his large boxy shoulders, those menacing brows that draw a line straight across his forehead. He's got Gage down to a science, right to his every mannerism.

It's hard to believe I'm living in a world without Skyla by my side, in a world where Gage has a wicked doppelganger-and here I am dead and yet only slightly alive. It's like I'm trapped on a dysfunctional roller coaster, and can't get off. Just looking at him nauseates me.

"Brothers and sisters of the night, Celestra has taken much from us." His voice swims into the woods and dissipates with the breeze.

The crowd stirs in agreement.

"We have bent over backward, trying to please our faction brothers by protecting them against the greed and puritanical mocking that Celestra has imparted on us for far too long."

"What the hell is he talking about?" I whisper to Ellis, but he proceeds to ignore me, mesmerized by this cheap Gage lookalike.

"We're on the brink of a revolution." Wes gives a fist pump and inspires a few in the crowd to do the same. Beating air-that's all they'll ever do. "It's time to separate the sheep from the goats. The Countenance has been divided for far too long. Those of us who choose to see the demise of Celestra must also desire to see the downfall of every remaining faction, including those of our own who choose not to side with us."

Shit. And there it is.

"This is the dawn of a new era," he shouts. "One in which will see the rise of the Steel Barricade and the prosperity of those who take shelter in its wings. But be warned. Those who choose to step away from the former shell of the Countenance and join our ranks will have an oath to abide by. There is no turning back. Traitors will be tried before the Council of the Elders and disposed of accordingly. Know this-once you side with the Barricade, you'll not only save your own life but that of your children and the lineage of those yet to come. And if you choose not to side with us and remain a member of the former faction, you, too, will share the fate of your Nephilim brothers and sisters. Gone are the days of war and strife. At the end of this revolution, there will only be one faction on earth left to rule, the new Counts, those who partake in the covenant of the Steel Barricade-and we shall live in peace forever."

Somehow I doubt peace plays into this at all.

The Steel Barricade. The Counts are splintering. It sounds like one big, giant shit storm is about to hit.

And what the hell do they think the other factions are going to do in the meantime? Lie down and die?

The crowd begins to mingle. Wes looks past the throngs of people and darts his eyes right into mine. "Your final decision will be required at the dawn of the New Moon ceremony." He gives a dry smile and looks so much like Gage in the process I think I might hurl.

"How are we going to stop the other factions from standing in our way?" A voice shouts from the crowd.

"Strategies will be discussed after the new covenant is in place." Wes keeps his eyes fixed on mine. "Trust me-the other factions will never know what hit them. The bloodshed will escape our hands. That's the beauty of the plan. We, ourselves, will never have to carry it out."

Sounds downright brilliant.

I glare right back at Wes.

He said everything he wanted me to hear tonight-what everyone wanted to hear.

I wonder if he could truly deliver.

I'm betting he can.

9

Sick as Sin

Skyla

All week Gage is listless. His back is healing, but his spirits are down. I try to make an appearance at the Landon house as much as possible, but I've been sleeping at the Oliver's to be near Gage.

Of course, Emma would eviscerate me if she knew I was sleeping with Gage. I've convinced her that I've taken up residence in Logan's room. Each night I rumple the sheets because God knows Emma is running a morning inspection once we leave for school. I wouldn't be surprised if she was looking for mattress impressions, checking to see if the sheets are still warm. But even spending just a few minutes in Logan's bedroom is about all I can take. Emma has striped his scent away with the manic sterilization methods she refers to as housekeeping. I ventured into his closet one night and hugged his clothes, as many as I could scoop into my arms just to be near him again. That's where Logan's scent lingers like a ghost-in those empty flannels-those T-shirts sitting like deflated balloons on hangers.

Mom called earlier. She said she was cooking something special for dinner and asked if Gage and I would join them, so that night we head over.

"Check it out." Gage parks behind a familiar, yet sinister, looking Rolls-Royce Phantom.

"Perfect, Demetri is here." I bet my mother is cooking up something special for dinner. Herself. "We'll eat and run. No use in rubbing elbows with the enemy longer than we have to." We get out, and Gage takes up my hand. "Let's get this over with." I feel sick to my stomach knowing I'll be trapped in a room for the next solid hour with my least favorite Fem. "This is precisely why I hate Mondays."

"It's Tuesday." He plants a kiss on my cheek.

"Believe me, Demetri has the ability to make any day feel like Monday."

"I still don't want you to hate Mondays. Every day is special with you in it." He presses a tender kiss to my lips.

Great. Now I feel like an ass for cutting down an entire twenty-four hour period that occurs in rotation, especially knowing that there might be a limited supply of them in our marriage.

Gage cranes his neck back at the vehicular money slaughter of Demetri's. "Holy, holy. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't impressed."

"I'm pretty sure it's my mother he's trying to impress. My mom and Demetri have a twisted relationship that crosses all sorts of inappropriate lines." I pull Gage in and hike up on my tiptoes. "I'm so glad we have a totally normal relationship." My cheeks burn with heat. "I know it wasn't always that way, but it is now. Thank you for making me so happy."

"Thank you for letting me."

We share a sweet kiss that celebrates how normal we are. Sometimes there is nothing more beautiful.

Gage and I trudge up the long driveway hand in hand. Our secret lingering between us in the form of his grandmother's wedding ring.

"You know, maybe we should tell them." I look up at Gage as the moon washes the shadows from his face.

"It's entirely up to you." Gage inverts his dimples as if he were leaving the ball in my court.

Maybe we shouldn't. I mean, Emma and Barron have just as much right to know, and they're not here.

A tiny smile digs into my cheek.

I'm not sure why, but I'm a little giddy over the fact we might be spilling the matrimonial beans to my mother first. A brief wave of guilt washes over me. I shouldn't feel giddy, I should feel terrible that the Olivers aren't here to share our good news. God-Emma is my mother-in-law. I take a breath because God knows the last thing I needed was another mother.

"I mean, then, of course, we'd go straight over to your house and break the news as well," I say. "Imagine how freeing it will be." And then Emma couldn't say squat about me sleeping in the same bed as her son. I'm sure the idea would still freak her out, but I hate sneaking around behind their backs.

"If it feels right, go with it." Gage lands a warm kiss right on my lips. His tongue mingles with mine, and a searing heat rips through me. It makes me wish we could steal away to the butterfly room for an hour or two-better yet, leave early and put his mattress springs to the test. Gage probes my mouth with strong, determined lashes. His hands clasp tight around my waist as his careful sweeps intensify. He pulls back, glassy eyed. "You got me going." He tugs his jeans down a notch.

"Well then, let's speed this dinner along, so I can finish what I started."

We walk into the over bright home with its peeling wallpaper and scuffed wood floor in the hall. The air is thick with an undiscernibly meaty tang, and a bevy of voices roar from the dining room as if Mom is hosting a small army.

"Gage!" Mom gasps at the sight of him. "We're so glad you could make it. How are you feeling?" She rushes over and lays her hands over his as if he were made of blown glass.

"I'm fine," he reassures. "Skyla has been taking excellent care of me."

"As long as you're healthy and your medical needs are met-I'm happy." Mom pats him on the shoulder. "Please tell your mother I said hello."

"Will do."

I give him a little wink. I've made sure every one of his needs have been met. And believe me, that boy has one erotic need after another, nightly-and quite often in the morning, too. The afternoons aren't bad either.

Brielle and Drake walk into the room, and we head over. Drake goes on and on about his new business venture-selling hand painted pots down at the harbor.

"The tourists eat that shit up." His head bobs like a chicken. "Dude, that's where the money is at. I tell you what"-he leans into Gage like he's about to do him a favor-"I'll let you in on the ground floor. Come work for me."

"And what? Paint ocean scenes all day for you?" Gage crosses his arms over his expansive chest, most likely to keep from decking Drake.

"Nah, man." Drake smacks him in the stomach. "I got Em doing that. I need someone to sit at the landing and set up shop a few hours each day. It's wearing me out just sitting around. My DVR is getting constipated if you know what I mean."

Good grief. Does Drake honestly expect Gage to drop out of school and sit by the dock of the bay, wasting time?

"Time for dinner!" Mom bleats and spares us from having to endure any more of Drake's get-rich-quick schemes.

Ground floor. I shake my head.

"I've got something to tell you," Bree whispers as we head toward the table.

"Shoot."

She gives a nervous look to Drake. "Maybe later."

God, I hope they won't be in the market for another infant casket anytime soon. That was the bassinet of choice for their last infant-Beau. Drake and Bree tend to march to beat of a different crypt keeper.

Demetri is quick to snatch the seat next to my mother, smack between her and Tad. Who does that? Wicked Fems, that's who. I suppose it's allegorical-his bodily intrusion just as real as the emotional one.

Darla, Brielle's mom, is present and busy suckling on a bottle of cooking sherry in the kitchen. Can't say I blame her. I'd feel the need to punish my liver, too, if I ever entertained the idea of marrying a Fem.

"Let's get this circus underway," Tad belts it out with a thumping applause. "I've got a date with my mattress in exactly one hour. And then it's lights out for everybody."

Mia and Melissa protest by way of audible groans.

"I hear ya, hon," Darla drawls it out in that faux country accent of hers. She looks just like Brielle with the exception of her pixie cut hair and ability to deflect morons. "I got a date with a power tool, and there ain't nothing that hunk a steel won't do to please me." She gives a smug look to the tool sitting across from her, the Prince of Darkness.

"Well, at the Landon house, we're conserving energy," Tad interjects. "Every night, at eight o'clock sharp, I run out the back and kill the power to this place."

Geez. Is that the fun I've been missing? Texting by candlelight?

I glance over to Gage. He's going to think we're idiots. Scratch that-he knows better-we are.

"I hate it here," Mia quips as she and Melissa take their seats.

"Oh, stop." Mom shakes her head. "It never ends. One day you'll see how much your father and I do for you, and you'll appreciate living under this roof."

"That's right." Tad doesn't waste any time doling out food onto his own plate first. "Just try to take two steps outside that door, and see how fast you come back. You'll be soaking wet, starving, and homeless in less than a half hour. Rent isn't cheap around these parts."

I raise a brow to Gage. That's something we hadn't even considered-getting our own place. Although, as much as I hate to admit it, Tad is probably right. But, now that we're man and wife, it would be nice to have a place to call our own.

Hey, maybe Host has married housing? God, that would be great! I'd have my own kitchen-my own little corner of the world to decorate-and, most importantly, Gage and I would have our very own bedroom.

Ethan and Emily saunter in, and it's not until we're all seated do I even notice there's an extra child rolling around in the playpen. Ember is lying next to Misty, and they're touching hands and cooing. Misty rolls into her and suckles on Ember's fist for a while. I'd say something, but it looks harmless, and it's probably better than her suckling Mom's boob at the table. The only boobs I'd like Gage to gawk at are mine.

Dinner gets underway, and I don't bother asking Mom what the bubbling stew consists of. Gage and I already plan on hitting Taco Bell afterwards, so there's no need to load up on what looks like Tad's old socks swimming in tomato juice.

"I'm datin' again," Darla announces between bites. She knocks back her wine and points her glass at Tad for a refill. "I tried that Islanders Only website you told me about, Lizbeth." She motions at Mom with her hand.

I bet Mom "told" her all about it. Hell, Mom probably masterminded the website herself, for this very purpose. I'm sure she's doing the happy dance under the table at the thought of successfully pointing Darla in the opposite direction. I bet she plans on steering all of Demetri's prospective girlfriends to questionable dating websites.

"That's fantastic!" Mom belts it out as if Darla announced she won the statewide lottery. Her smile continues to expand until I'm convinced her lips are about to stretch right off her face. "I bet your Mr. Right is just around the corner. I hear so many great things about those kinds of places."

"No, you don't," Tad grunts. "It's filled with married men looking to fool around, and psychopaths." He looks to Darla. "I wouldn't be surprised one bit if they found your body in a ditch a month from now."

"Tad Landon!" Mom yelps at him-most likely for exposing her wicked plan.

"Anyway"-Darla is quick to wave off her potential brush with death, after all, she survived Demetri-"it's time to get my game face on. I gotta watch what I eat-cut down on the bacon and donuts. Maybe I'll take up smoking cigarettes again." She nods at my mother as she espouses her new health regime. "Lord knows I need to do whatever it takes to get this girl some booty again." She lifts her wine in Demetri's direction as if she were saluting him. "Don't worry, baby, I'm not expecting much. Heaven and hell both know I'll never find a summer sausage as depressive as yours."

I try to turn down the volume on the nauseating smile budding on my face. I'm sure she meant impressive, but I like the detour her brain took. Sometimes there's nothing like a little wine to bring out the truth.

The babies continue to coo while Beau sits disgruntled in the corner playing with a plastic fire engine.

"Little Ember and Misty seem to be having quite the conversation," I say. They're both so stunning with their jet-black hair. Misty has the exact same color eyes as Gage, but Ember has eyes the color of a bland sky, so eerily pale they remind me of my own. I can't wait until Gage and I have babies. I bet they'll look just like those two.

"Yes." Demetri pulls me out of my fantasy long enough for me to smirk in his direction. "They sound as if they have remarkable communication skills, miles beyond their years." He sears a look into Mom, and she blushes the same vomitus shade as her dinner. If they keep this up, I'll be vomiting soon for real. His attention reverts in our direction. "Gage, I'm sorry to hear of your injury. If there's anything I can do, please let me know. I have access to some of the best sports therapists in the world. I have a bad back myself on occasion."

"Right," I say under my breath.

"Skyla," Mom whispers without moving her lips.

"I mean, right," I say. "I'm sure you move a lot of manure on that ranch of yours." By way of your mouth.

I blink a curt smile.

"Heavens, no." His brows arch. "I don't have the stomach for manual labor." And there it is, the one truth Demetri has ever dispensed and it has to do with shoveling shit. It seems appropriate. "I let others do my dirty work." His lips expand in a greasy smile.

Crap. I give a nervous look to Gage.

"I hear your son is having a great time on the island." I lie. It takes everything in me not to flip him the finger-heck, flip the table on him. "You should bring him around."

The muscles in his jaw clench.

Ha! I've got him. I bet once Mom sees what a dead ringer Wes is for Gage, she'll want an explanation like the rest of us.

"I can't wait to meet him," Mom coos dreamily. "I have two available daughters." She waves her hand over at Mia and Melissa.

"One," Mia corrects before glaring into her sister. "Because, apparently, when you steal your sister's boyfriend, you're no longer single." She gives a little growl, and Drake holds out a hand like he's about to break up a fight.

"Easy girl," Drake is quick to admonish her. "The E-man and I have shared a babe or two." He nods to Ethan who apparently has garnered a nickname reserved for superheroes in purple tights. "And, now look." He socks Em in the arm. "We've got 'em both in the family."

Nice. Nothing like a little love pat by your baby daddy to let you know you're wanted, or in this case, passed off to his brother.

I give poor Em a look that says I'm sorry. Although I think we both know there aren't enough I'm sorries in the universe to right the wrongs she's gone through.

"I'm happy." Em drones it out with all the enthusiasm of a hostage threatened with having her fingernails plucked out one by one if she doesn't read from the script.

"And"-Brielle giggles in her seat-"I'm happy, too." She plants a wet one on Drake. "In fact"-she gives a sly glance my way-"I'd like to say that when you're with the right person, and you just know this is the one you're meant to spend the rest of your life with, there's no reason to delay the obvious." She gives a hard wink over to me.

Oh no.

I shake my head just barely. I'm not ready. Just the thought of blurting out the fact I eloped has my dinner doing a revolution. What Gage and I did was beautiful. The last thing I want to do is marginalize it as dinner conversation, especially on the heels of discussing Darla's power tool collection and Demetri's wicked spawn. Nope, definitely changed my mind.

I give Brielle the crazy eyes and try to will her brain into making a U-turn.

"And that's why"- she leans into Drake-"we went ahead and made it official!"

"That's not how it went!" I blurt, ready with an entire arsenal of half-truths, when I realize she said, we?

"Hot damn!" Darla pounds her fists against the table so hard the dishes all jump to the left. "I knew it!" She lunges over Ethan and Emily and right onto Drake's lap. "You've made an honest girl of my woman," she blubbers from his crotch.

"Wait a minute." Mom calls time with her hands. "What on earth are you talking about? Don't you dare tell me you did something foolish and eloped." She nails both Bree and Drake to the wall with her discontent.

"Oh, yes, we did!" Brielle flaunts an impressive rock in our faces.

"Wow, Drake"-Melissa marvels at the oversized princess cut stone, clear as the fog outside the window-"that's a freaking golf ball!"

"Thanks. I had to sell a lot of pots to put some ice on my girl."

"You mean it's real?" Mom yanks Brielle's hand over to inspect it.

"Damn straight, it's real." Drake sniffs. "Best grade of Diameals you can get on TV. I spent twenty minutes on hold before I got my hands on that puppy."

Diameal? I hold back the urge to openly scoff at my stepbrother. I'll be the last to tell Bree her Diameal is as fake as that Fem at the end of the table because it's the thought that counts. And it's pretty clear to everyone here, including poor Em, that Drake really does love Bree.

"Oh my, God." Mom fans herself like she might be sick right into her plate. And if she were, it would be difficult to distinguish. "I can't believe you did this." She's in full throttle revolt. "How could you deprive us of your special day?" God, I think tears are in the works. "Skyla"-she reverts her rage to me-"please don't even think of pulling a stunt like this."

A stunt?

"What are you saying?" Tad yanks her back into her seat. "This is great news! Drake, I'm proud of you, son. You have your own business. You spent your hard-earned money on the biggest ring you could find-and the best part is, you didn't trouble us with a two hour ceremony in a park somewhere." He beams over at his younger son as if he medaled in the game of life. "I'm old-fashioned that way. I think if you're shaking the sheets, you should make it official." He leans in hard toward Drake. "You know what else you should make official? A new address! Sayonara, sweethearts. Don't let the door hit you on the way out. And if I bought it, you can't take it."

"Fuck!" Beau belts the expletive from his playpen.

Mom gives a nervous giggle. "He's having a hard time pronouncing truck."

"And take that little rug rat with you, too," Tad crows. "I'm sick and tired of him cursing up a storm around here. And have I mentioned he's starting to gnaw on the furniture? In fact, why don't you scoop up an armful of ankle-biters on your way out the door, so I can finally get some damn sleep around here!"

Crap.

The room falls silent as all eyes focus on the newly minted bride and groom.

"How about you two lovebirds?" Demetri grimaces at Gage and me. "Any plans to create a union of your own? Or perhaps you've already done the deed and are keeping things close to the vest for now."

Oh. My. God. Demetri knows. He knows. I don't know who to point the finger at first. He could have easily heard Bree yapping about it at some point, or maybe Marshall let it slip, but that doesn't make any sense. I close my eyes a moment. Chloe.

You ready to do this? Gage squeezes my hand beneath the table, and I shake my head.

"When the time is right," Gage says to no one in particular. "Skyla and I have a fantastic future laid out before us." He gives Demetri a simple nod as if to say up yours.

"Indeed you do." Demetri continues to disturb us with his presence. "I would even venture to suggest you have the brightest future of all. I wouldn't worry about the little things in life, Gage. Playing rough on the field was never your calling."

Gage glares at Demetri, distributing death rays with those big baby blues, and any second I expect the violent Fem to combust into a ball of flames. He won't, but the imagery is beautiful.

"What exactly is my calling?" Gage mocks him with his own words.

Demetri looks from me to my drop dead gorgeous husband.

"Not everyone is destined for greatness. The potter molds some for noble purposes and others for common use. Some people were simply born to love others."

Gage doesn't take well to Demetri's you're-a-piece-of-useless-clay routine. He's glaring so hard I can feel the ground trembling next to my seat.

Demetri's wine glass implodes on itself with a celebratory pop, causing wine to pool over the table like blood.

Mom is quick to mop up the mess, and soon the room is lost in small talk once again, but I can't take my eyes off Gage.

He did that.

I may have questioned it before, but now I know for sure.

Gage's powers are taking off in a whole new direction.

Demetri was wrong. Gage is destined for greatness.

I can feel it in my bones.

Gage

Day fifteen of feeling like shit.

It's a lazy Saturday, no practice for me and my defunct body because I'm officially off the roster. Too bad I can't shake that freaky dream I had last night out of my mind. It wasn't a prophecy, or at least I hope not. It was scarier than shit. Skyla and I were in our little hut down at Rockaway, doing what we do best-each other. Our kisses grew more ravenous, more passionate, the moon shed just enough light for me to see that we were happily naked-then things got weird. Rose petals began to fall like rain, dark crimson, almost black. A vine grew from nowhere and wrapped itself around our bodies, caging us in, only we were too busy to notice. Then the thorns appeared. They tore into our flesh, knifing us with their razor sharp blades. We were both covered in blood within seconds. Then Skyla screamed-a horrific scream that I pray to never hear again.

I startle for a minute and shake it away. It was just a dream-a bad dream.

Dad comes down to the living room where I've set up shop to watch a steady stream of movies. Giselle invited Skyla to do a little shopping, so I'm flying solo for the rest of the afternoon.

"I'm headed to the country club to play a little racquetball. If you don't mind, I've asked a friend to stop by and say a word or two that might get your mind off not playing ball for a while."

A while. I huff a quiet laugh. I guess if you throw eternity into the mix my time off the field could be considered a while. I'm never getting on the green again and Dad knows it.

"Yeah sure." I slump toward the television. Skyla's been after to me take some of her Celestra blood to see if that would help straighten things out, but I assured her I didn't need healing-I simply need a new spinal column.

Dad ushers in a tall gentleman with bushy dark brows and thick-framed glasses.

"Gage, this is Dr. Flanders. He's working with Skyla's former psychiatrist, Dr. Booth. I thought since Skyla had seen Dr. Booth previously it might be best to have you speak to his partner instead."

"Good gracious." Dr. Flanders steps in. "Spitting image is right."

Dad gives a slight nod. "I may have filled him in on the fact there's a young man running around Paragon who bears a striking resemblance to you."

"Wesley," I say. "Um, you wouldn't happen to be related to a Cooper Flanders, would you?"

"That's my son." His features relax as he sits across from me, studying my face as though I were some strange creature. "Let's see. You've recently injured yourself on the field. Have you made peace with being unable to play?"

"Yup. I have." It's true. No use in wallowing in it. As much as I hate to say it, Demetri was right when he said I was here only to love Skyla. It's funny-I can't seem to get his ugly mug out of my head. I guess he really got to me that night. I had never considered myself some legendary football player in the making, but I'm pretty sure I'm not useless-and loving Skyla is the best use of myself in any capacity.

"Good." He slaps his knee. "Let's get some blood work drawn. I think now is a good time to end a few mysteries."

"Blood work?" I look to Dad as he takes in a deep breath.

"Dr. Flanders and his son were the ones who deciphered Wesley's genetic code."

"I'm a Levatio." Shit. I shake my head. Why do I get the feeling I'm in the middle of some witch hunt or in this case-Fem hunt. "Can't shape shift," I'm quick to point out. "Believe me I've tried to render myself invisible a time or two while sneaking out of the house. Just doesn't work." Teleporting works, but I leave that part out.

Dad cracks a smile. "I assured him there was nothing he would find."

Dr. Flanders nods in agreement. "We're simply ruling out genetic markers."

"And I'll run an entire battery of tests to make sure there are no viruses impeding with your health," Dad offers.

"When will we have the results?" Not that I care-neither this conversation nor the blood tests will get me back on the field.

"Just a few days." Dad rifles through his medical kit that closely resembles a lunchbox and plucks out a hypodermic needle. "This won't hurt."

No, but the truth might.

Mom slaved away in the kitchen all day, working on a bounty that could nourish entire third world countries.

Skyla and Giselle offer to help set the table as I sit my sorry ass down next to Liam. It's strange having him look so much like Logan. It makes me miss him that much more.

"I've got a very important guest coming tonight." She scoops up each of the dishes that Skyla just painstakingly set out and replaces them with her fine china. "I've invited Kresley Fisher over. Poor girl is lonely." She shoots me a disgruntled look. "Her father would never forgive me if I didn't take care of his baby. He's a congressman, you know."

A gentle knock erupts at the door, and Mom quickly scuttles over.

"Sorry," I whisper to Skyla as she takes a seat next to me.

"What are you sorry about?" Giselle asks, innocent as the day she was born.

I shake my head at my sister because, personally, I'd like to drop it. Besides, I made it pretty clear to Kresley a few weeks back that I'm not into her, nor will I ever be.

"Hi!" Kresley comes in waving as Mom ushers her to the other side of me. Dad strolls in, and we start on the feast my mother prepared to rival any holiday spread she's ever created. "It looks like the last ferry already left the island." Kresley bats her lashes at my mother with a manufactured forlorn look. "There was something wrong with the motor, and they had to have it towed."

"Again?" Mom sighs with equally manufactured frustration. "Not to worry. You'll stay the night. You can take the spare bedroom upstairs."

Shit.

"Oh, I'll take that," Skyla volunteers. "She can have Logan's room."

The spare bedroom shares a bathroom with mine.

"That's not necessary." Mom speeds it out. "Liam is downstairs. I don't want to displace him. And I think it's fitting you stay in Logan's room. He would have wanted it that way." She pats Skyla on the hand.

Crap.

Liam clears his throat while inspecting Kresley and her not-so-veiled cle**age. "She can stay in my room. I won't mind one bit." His lids grow heavy. His eyes have already rounded out second base. He's so damn amped up and frustrated, if he doesn't fall into bed with someone soon, I might actually start fearing for his balls.

"What about that Michelle girl?" Giselle drills into Liam. "I saw her again at the bowling alley with Logan. She said to say hello."

"Michelle Miller?" Skyla tries to hide her concern. "What was she doing with Logan?" She glances over at me, her cheeks flooding with embarrassment. "I mean the bowling alley." I know it kills Skyla to think he might be with someone else. But I know for a fact he won't. I wouldn't.

"Oh, this and that." Giselle shovels in a mouthful of mashed potatoes. "Mmm." She washes it down with water and moans as if it was the best combination on the planet. "They were playing games with some other girl-I think her name was Sexy. They were having a real good time, laughing, and hugging, and talking about the good old days." Giselle has no idea she's carving out Skyla's heart right now. "They said they would all get together later that night and do it again. Ellis said it would be a threesome." She giggles into her words, completely unaware of the fact she just laid out a sexual innuendo the size of Mom's turkey.

Skyla's face pops, red as an apple. "Do it later, huh?" She makes tracks in her food before surrendering her fork to her plate.

I know what she's thinking. Logan came back and is hanging out with Michelle and Lexy rather than us-than with her. Maybe I'll let her know he came to see me at the hospital that day. Let her know that he's just killing a little more time-that he wants her-us-to be happy.

"Michelle's a tasty treat," Liam muses. "In fact-" He checks his watch. Outside of my father, Liam is the only other person I know that wears one. "I'm taking her to the movies tonight-drive in."

"Paragon doesn't have a drive in." Dad is quick to inform.

He pulls out his newly issued cell phone and wags it in Dad's face. "It does now. Besides, we won't be paying much attention to the show."

"Smooth." Skyla perks up a bit. I think knowing that Liam is trying to bed Miller takes the edge off. I know for a fact Logan isn't going to rumple the sheets with anyone anytime soon. In fact, the only person he will do that again with is the beautiful, sweet girl sitting right next to me-my wife. A bloom of sadness spears through me, and I try to shake it. I know it's coming-the great spousal reversal-I just don't know when. I shouldn't mind though. After all, I'm the one that gifted the years to Logan and Skyla. It felt right at the time-and, sadly, it still does.

Dinner goes by with Mom's incessant questioning of Kresley's hopes and dreams, making the last solid hour feel like an infomercial-one that I'm not interested in. But that doesn't stop Kresley from ogling me, looking over at me with that I'm-ready-to-rumble horny-as-hell look in her eyes.

I push my plate back. "I think I'll take Skyla for a drive."

"Perfect." Skyla helps bus the dishes to the sink in record time, and Giselle kindly offers to take over.

"No way." Skyla takes back the dish they're tugging between them. "You wash, I'll dry and put away." I love the way she cares for my sister as if she were her own. Skyla melts me in ways she doesn't even know.

"Son"-Dad nudges me toward the living room-"can I have a word with you?"

"Sure thing." I head over to the sofa and lie down for a moment, letting my body sink into the soft cushions. My neck has been sore all day, but it's a thousand times better than it was. I have to admit, staying away from three hundred pound offensive linemen was probably a good idea.

"Dr. Flanders called." He gives a curt nod, and I sit up at attention.

Dad takes a seat on the coffee table across from me and places his hand over mine.

Crap. I see an alarming number of problems with this scenario, and they're setting off some serious red flags.

First, if Mom catches him sitting on the coffee table she's going to throw him on the floor by way of some inventive karate flip-and, second, he hasn't held my hand since third grade. It's obvious the shit is about to hit the fan.

"What?" I startle. "Am I sick?"

"No, Gage." He takes off his glasses and wipes down his brow. "If you were sick, that would be simple. Even the most devastating illness would be easier to deal with."

I slump back into the pillow. "Fuck."

"My sentiments exactly."

"Give it to me straight. No bullshit." I keep my eyes fixed on the ceiling.

His chest expands as he takes a deep breath. "You have all the markings of a true Levatio." He pats my hand while an artificial smile thins out over his lips.

"And?"

He indulges in a dramatic pause, and it speaks volumes. Something else went down that he didn't care for.

"Please," I whisper.

"You have an additional marker in your blood, Gage." He grinds the words out as if it were painful. "NSO. No specific origin."

"NSO." I shake my head because it doesn't mean squat. "It's probably a virus. I've been reading all kinds of scary things on the Internet. I might have a pathogen attacking my spinal column."

"No. I ran a battery of tests. You're as healthy as a horse. It's as the doctor in the E.R. suggested-spinal stenosis." He leans in, serious as shit. "The NSO signifies something neither human nor Nephilim." He dips his chin, bearing into me as if speaking in code. "Gage-the only other person Dr. Flanders has found this marker in is Wesley Paxton."

"Demetri's son." The room sways. "You don't think-"

"I don't. But, either way, I think we need to get to the bottom of this."

"And how do we do that?"

"We take it to the source."

"Demetri."

Skyla and I finally take off and head for the beach.

Rockaway shines under the lamp-lit fog with its spray of white dust defusing the great Pacific. The shadowed sand is reduced to a murky illusion.

Skyla falls onto the blanket I spread out for the two of us. It's freezing out, even in this tiny shelter I constructed for us way back when. The palm fronds have frayed, and the thatched roof is balding in patches. The sky unleashed a good downpour this afternoon leaving the earth scented with the ripeness from the soil.

"You want to stay in the butterfly room tonight?" she offers, nuzzling her cheek over my chest.

"It's up to you." I sink a kiss onto her lips. I'd sleep right here if she wanted to as long as I could hold her all night.

"Maybe not." She traces out small circles over my chest. "Tad's insanity is more than I can handle. Brielle told me he had to stop killing the electricity at night because the food was spoiling in the fridge. Now he just patrols the halls at all hours making sure no one is sneaking on the lights."

"Sounds like tough times over at the Landon house."

She rests her head in my lap and looks up at me. "And there seem to be interesting times over at the Oliver house as well. It looks like your mom found a new little friend."

"Sorry about that."

Skyla glances down at her chest. "Do you think your mom will ever like me?"

"She likes you, Skyla. I promise. She loves you. Once she finds out you're her daughter-in-law she'll be ecstatic."

"Maybe we should tell them soon."

Something warms in me at the idea. "Let's do it."

"I've been talking to married housing on campus all week." She looks up with a twinkle in her eye. "Let me see if I can't get us a place of our own before we break the big news. I'd hate for them to point out the obvious-our lack of shelter."

My heart sinks. Never in my wildest dreams did I think our life together would start out essentially homeless. Logan offered the house he built for the two of them, but I've been wearing my pride like a coat of armor. There's no way I'll take him up on that. I'd rather the house sat empty. He should move into it.

"We'll work something out," I say without anything whatsoever to back it up. A selfish part of me is just glad Skyla and I are together.

She nestles in gently over my crotch and gives one of her sexy grins.

"That's an invitation if I've ever seen one."

"Darn right it is." The smile fades from her face. "You've been pretty intense ever since we left your house. Anything you want to tell me?"

"My dad and I were just talking about a few things from the past. Nothing important." The past is right-all the way down to my birth date. I wall up my thoughts, so she can't hear. The last thing I want to do is panic Skyla over a genetic mutation I might be housing. I don't want to let her in on this infection that's slowly taking over my life-the anvil that's dangling over both our heads, if this happens to be true.

"I'd love to talk about the past." She's feeling me out, seeing if I'll throw her a bone.

"I think, sometimes, the past can cloud things. How about, just for tonight, we start anew." The fog billows into the tiny hut as if it were trying to smoke us out.

She slips her hand in mine and pulls it to her lips.

"So are you going to tell me what you and your dad talked about or not?"

I groan in lieu of an answer. Most likely not, I want to say.

"Okay." She sits up in my lap, rotating until her knees are on either side of me. "Let's try this another way. What has you running scared, Oliver?"

Running scared sounds about right, but I'll be the last to admit it. Once Skyla finds out the truth about my questionable genetics, she'll be the one running scared-and, most likely, pissed. Hell, I'm pissed, and I still don't have all the answers.

The moonlight bleeds in just enough to create a halo around her. It makes her look otherworldly-ethereal.

"You're a real angel, you know that?" I press a wet kiss into the hollow of her neck, and she dips her head back with a groan.

"I think you're changing the subject, but I'm not about to complain. I happen to like where your lips are going."

Skyla unbuckles my pants, and pulls off her jeans in some Houdini-like maneuver. Before I know it she's helping me roll on a condom.

"I want to take care of you first." I bite down gently over her ear.

"Tonight is about you, Oliver, whether you like it or not." She bites my ear as if returning the favor. "Got that?"

"Yes, Oliver, I do."

Her chest bucks with a silent laugh before she leans back, her arms still slung around my neck.

"I'm so proud to be your wife, Gage. And I can't wait until everyone on Paragon-on Host-knows it."

By Host she means Kresley.

"Sounds like our secret days are numbered."

"Mmm." Skyla gets on her knees and straddles my hard-on like she's about to take the ride of her life. At least that's what my ego wants to believe. She focuses her eyes over mine and carefully guides me to the tip of that warm spot I've longed to bury myself in all day long. "I don't like secrets, Gage. Not with anyone, especially not between you and me." Skyla carefully sinks over my body, inch by inch, her eyes never leaving mine.

"Shit," I whisper barely audible, my lids too heavy to keep open. Skyla's body wraps around me tight as a coil. There isn't a hand job in the world that could ever replace Skyla. And if she ever finds out that I might have anything to do with Demetri or his knockoff son, something tells me I'll be right back to dating Rosie Palm.

"I will love you forever, Gage Oliver." She lets the words expire slow and sweet like a tire bleeding air.

I hope so. I hope she loves me forever despite what news the future might hold.

Skyla carefully moves herself over my body before gaining speed. I slit my lids open and watch the show. Her head arches back. Her tits ride up and down making me insane. Then I lose it. I grab a hold of her, low at the waist, and dig my fingers into her soft flesh until I'm resting on bone. I use all of my strength to pump into her body, slamming her over me as if I'm trying to punish my dick with this beautiful woman, kind enough to call herself my wife.

If my DNA proves anything sinister, I'll want to punish more than my dick.

I'd throw myself in a fire in order to protect Skyla.

I push it all out of my mind. This moment is about Skyla and me.

"Gage." Her thighs tremble over me as I ratchet her down a couple more times. Then, in a surge of strength, I pull her in one last time and wrap my arms around her like a steel cage as my body shakes out with pleasure.

This moment is all I needed.

Skyla is all I'll ever need.

Logan

A dark pall hovers over Host like a demon spreading its wings. The buildings stretch to the sky with their old-world architecture, limestone with leaded windows and gargoyles tucked in the corners. At a glance it looks like some Goth-inspired sleepy town with its cobbled walkways, the evergreens that look far weepier with their tendril-like branches than they ever did on Paragon. Of course, the sea of people, the guys on skateboards whizzing by, the girls with their pastel 10-speeds each with a basket secured to the front, it all brings you right back to the twenty-first century-and that's the best one yet because Skyla is in it.

"Logan."

I turn to find Cooper heading my way. I like Coop. He fought the faction war, and helped pull Laken out of the clutches of the Counts. He belongs to Celestra, so he's already a brother.

I give him a knuckle bump. "What's up?"

"Just finished up for the day. What's going on with you?"

"Just checking out the campus. I need to head to the administration building."

"You enrolling for fall? Crashing a few classes?"

"No, actually"-I take a quick inventory of the students-"I'm looking to enroll for the working adult program. You know, go at your own pace. It's mostly online. I don't plan on getting in anybody's way."

"By anybody you mean Gage and Skyla." He cuts a look to the field. "I get it."

"Do you? I'm the opposite of Wes. I'm not planning some hostile Skyla takeover. That's not what we're about."

"Never said you were, but I appreciate you letting me know. As much as I can't stand your nephew's face-I think he's all right."

"Same goes double for me."

"You find anything out?"

I fill him in on the meet and greet in the Transfer.

"Are you kidding?" He gives a riotous laugh. Coop adjusts his backpack while staring out into the woods that border campus. "The guy that let you in-Ingram? He's a bullshit slinger. He didn't let you in anywhere that you weren't lured. Logan, they would never operate so loosely to let a Celestra in-or, excuse me-a sworn Count who fought for Celestra-and open up the playbook for him. Wes said what he wanted you to hear-what he thought might steer you in the direction he wants to send you."

"I thought the same thing. But nothing too dramatic happened. He invited the Counts to defect from their ranks and join his renegade army. They've already lost on the spiritual battlefield, so it doesn't surprise me."

Coop's features smooth out as if he just had an epiphany. "You're right, they lost the spiritual battle. That means the only war they can really wage is one right here on earth."

"Like what, a plague? They've done that, by the way." The Counts and the Fems had their heyday back in the dark ages. It was the turning point of power, and it took until the faction war for Celestra to regain its footing.

"I don't think so. If I know Wes, he's into something far more low key. He likes to be the man in power, let his lackeys do his dirty work."

"Enter the Steel Barricade, nothing but minions for the bastard."

"That's right." Coop glances toward the Student Union then does a double take. "Speak of the devil."

Wes heads toward the building with some tall dude dressed in a black suit.

"He's here, huh?"

"Apparently, so. It's giving Laken some anxiety, but she's a strong girl. I'm not too worried. I told her if he tries anything to feel free to invert his jewels and show him who's in charge. Hell, I might knock his balls in myself." Coop's brows peak as two other guys dressed in black suits approach Wes. "There's an underground society the frats are forever spinning urban legends about-The Blood of the Dragon. It wouldn't surprise me if Wes is campaigning. And if he gives them enough cash, he'll be running it in a week."

"What the hell would he want with a bunch of college goofs? He's a little busy culling the dross from the Counts, isn't he?"

"Who knows, maybe he's scouting new recruits."

Shit. "Human recruits."

"That's right. Wes needs someone to take out the trash, and a Count of any caliber will be the last person to take down Celestra. So why do you think he did it-gave you a special invite to hear his midnight ramblings?"

"Ego." I look over at Wes with his million-dollar smile, that thick, black hair, his shoulders stretched back with pride. I think I just nailed it.

"Wes has got an ego as deep and wide as the sea, that's for sure."

"So why steal my nephew's face?" I'm still stumped over that one.

"No clue." Coop blows out a breath. "Plus he's two years older. I'd have to guess this factored into Edinger's plan somehow."

Wes and the three stooges part ways, and he heads in our direction as if he were onto us the entire time.

"One thing is for sure"-the muscle in Coop's jaw pops as Wes draws near-"one of them is a red herring. Only which one?"

"It's not Gage." I'm quick with the defense. It's bullshit to think otherwise.

Then it hits me. My body goes numb, my mouth falls open like I'm some kind of idiot, and I just stand there, staring this semi-truck in the face.

Holy f**k.

Wes is just a smoke screen. But for what? I know Gage better than I know myself. He's genuine, the real deal-I'd even go as far as calling him pure.

"What's going on?" Wes nods over to us as if we have anything to say to each other. He looks right at me, and pins me with that familiar face. "So, you think about joining the crew?" A smile plays on his lips. Coop was right. It was all a big show, and I'm the guest of honor.

"The deconstruction crew, huh?" I'm over his bullshit. "Yeah, I'll bite. I'll join and attend every one of your staged meetings, and you can tell me what direction to go in so Skyla and I can stay out of your way."

His dark brows swoop in, and, for a minute, everything in me believes this is Gage. "I don't know what you're babbling about, man. I've got a real plan with real people, ready and willing to do the right thing."

"Closing those tunnels is the right thing." Coop looks like he's ready to sock him in the nuts. "Releasing the Celestra prisoner's is right, Wes."

"Oh?" Those ditches in his cheeks invert. "I thought leaving Laken alone was the right thing. Which is it?"

"Look"-I pull him in by the shirt-"I'm not joining your hit man parade, so you can take off. What the f**k do you want anyway? Another war? You're a day late and an army short. Apparently you didn't get the memo." I push him away. "You lost."

"Celestra needs to be removed for one reason and one reason only." He dusts off his chest and glares at Coop. "This planet-these people are killing themselves with pollution, poverty, lack of prudent guidance. Celestra is simple minded. They're not open to new ideas. They want the Nephilim to live in fear of everyone else-lay low and stay the hell off the radar because, God forbid, they find out who you really are. Is that what you want? Do you want every single generation of our people to live in fear?" He pants out his words. His eyes light up like flames. "Because that's what you have."

Coop's chest expands. "So you want us to believe you're some kind of environmentalist on a humanitarian mission. That's sweet." I can see his biceps popping under his shirt, ready to knock Wes into tomorrow. I'm pretty sure I'm not going to stop him.

"Okay-I'm already knee-deep in your bullshit, so I'll bite-if the Count in you wants a clean sweep of Nephilim off the planet, what does the Fem in you want?" I already know the answer to that-power.

"Dominion." He widens his stance. "And, for the record, I don't want the Nephilim off the planet. In fact, I think they need to stay. I'll see you two, later." He strides toward the forest, toward the most isolated patch of woods that dead end to nowhere and dissolves among the shadows.

"Dominion," Coops says it slow as if trying it out on his lips.

"He can't have dominion." My stomach bites with battery acid because that's exactly what Marshall will have with Skyla one day.

"I don't see why not, he gets everything else-except one thing." Coop cinches a smile because Wes will never get Laken.

"To get dominion, he'd need to have an offspring with a near pure Celestra or Count."

"Laken's out."

"So is Skyla." It hits me like a sucker punch. The red herring-its Wes. "Oh God." I stagger toward the woods. "Wes will never get dominion. You don't think..." I can't even formulate the words.

"Gage will."

10

Testimony

Skyla

The sky tosses and turns in a constant state of unrest as the fog swims through the Paragon West End Mall. I've spent the last few hours with Bree and Giselle trekking through all our favorite haunts. It really stinks not having any money to spend. I'm trying to save every last dime to help Gage and I get on our feet. Of course, Giselle has kindly offered to pay for whatever we want, but there's no way I'm taking even the tiniest handout from the Counts. Bree, however, managed to score a butter-soft, oversized tote from the Banana Republic. She claims she could use it as a diaper bag, but I think it would look a lot nicer with my books in it.

To say Giselle enjoys the fringe benefits of being a Kragger is a grave understatement. Giselle's new superpower involves an American Express Black Card. She can swipe with the best of them. Turns out Big Daddy K doesn't give a flying rip how much green his little princess can burn through. On the upside, the economy on the island is booming.

"Let's take a seat." I'm so exhausted my thighs burn from the unexpected workout. I navigate us toward an empty table and give a weak smile because it just so happens to be the very same table where Gage once told me I'd marry him someday. Of course, I didn't believe him back then. In fact, if I remember correctly, I was slightly pissed at the implication. But, nevertheless, his prophecy skills proved ninja-like once again. "I think we've hit every store twice," I lament.

"Not The Naughty Hawty." Brielle gets a wicked gleam in her eye at the mention of her favorite one-stop shopping for all things G-string.

"No way," I protest. "There's nothing in there Giselle needs to see. You either for that matter," I mutter that last part under my breath. God forbid she and Drake add another diaper dweller to the nursery residing in my mother's bedroom.

"The Naughty Hawty sounds fun." Giselle inverts a smile, and her dimples dig in deep just like her brother's. "You don't have to shield me from life, Skyla. I know more than you think."

I take a breath and hold it. Freaking Ellis.

"Like what?" I probe. I've never seen Ellis do more than make out with Giselle, and even then it looked rather tame.

"Ellis wants to do it with me." She says do it as if it's a foreign concept to her-and it so had better be.

"Do what?" Brielle looks genuinely mystified by what it might be.

"Sex, Bree." I flat line while staring down my newly minted sister-in-law. She's so innocent she has no clue what Ellis has in store for her. "And the answer is no, Giselle. You need to tell Ellis to back off and take a cold shower."

"A cold shower?" She shrinks in her seat. "That sounds uncomfortable."

"Really? Because he wants to make you uncomfortable-very uncomfortable." My girl parts still cringe at the burning sensation that hit home the day after Gage and I did it for the very first time. It's safe to say Gage was being literal while referring to his weapon of vaginal destruction as a baseball bat. Mmm, but how I love to play American's favorite pastime with that boy.

"Ellis would never in a million years do anything to make me uncomfortable." She lowers her lashes and tries her best to extinguish the budding elation on her lips. "He loves me. He tells me that all the time, and then he kisses me."

Something in my heart warms at the idea of Ellis telling Giselle he loves her. I guess his love honey days are long behind him. What am I saying?

That logical, overprotective sisterly side of me bitch slaps Cupid right off my shoulder. If anything, Ellis belongs with an entire gaggle of love honeys, not sweet, innocent Giselle.

"Don't listen to him," I hiss. "He's just trying to land you horizontal."

"Skyla!" Brielle cackles as if this were the funniest conversation ever.

"You can't tell me what to do," Giselle snaps. "Besides, he say's we'll use protection and everything."

Oh. My. God. We've just entered DEFCON one.

"Giselle"-I flatten my palms over the table to keep from shaking her-"he wants to put things in you. He wants to put himself inside you."

Her mouth falls open as if it were the best idea ever.

Shit.

"Anyway"-her dimples dig in deep-"Ellis says he'll go blind if we don't do it soon."

"Tell him whiskey cures blindness," I growl. "Giselle-Gage will have a heart attack and die a slow, painful death if you let Ellis defile you like this."

"Geez, Skyla"-Giselle shoots me the stink eye-"is Gage defiling you? What Ellis and I have is beautiful. He reads steamy books to me and takes me to see movies that my mother would never approve of. Ellis doesn't treat me like a child."

Gah! Dirty books and X-rated flicks! Ellis is going to roast on a spit once Gage hears of this.

"He even lets me sit on his lap while he races over the dunes."

Double gah! Doesn't he realize she was killed by way of a car last time? Holy crap. Harrison is a loose cannon.

"Hi guys!" A girl's voice comes from behind, and I turn to find Laken and two younger girls with her. The one on the left looks vaguely familiar.

"Laken!" I'm more than relieved. "Please join us." Who cares that there aren't enough seats-the subject has changed. Personally, I really don't want to battle it out with Giselle. I'll simply turn the reins over to her brother and let him do the dirty work. Giselle is the last person on the planet I want to see hurt. And I know for a fact, Gage will go to extremes to make sure that doesn't happen. Ellis and his never-ending stash had better watch their backs.

"Oh no, it's okay." Laken waves off the idea. "We were just about to get some ice cream and head home."

Brielle squints at her as if the mere sight of Laken nauseated her. "By all means take my seat." She jumps up and yanks Giselle with her. "We have one more store to hit and, Skyla here, is too much of a prude to join us." She smears it with a forced grin. "Enjoy your bestie. Be back in a few." They head off toward The Naughty Hawty, and I cringe.

"I can't believe this," I whisper. "She's like an enabler." A bitter enabler. Things have gone from bad to worse. Brielle can't even stand the sight of Laken anymore.

Laken pulls out a few bills from her purse and hands them to the girls.

"A scoop of chocolate on a sugar cone for me. You want anything, Skyla?"

"I'll pass, but thank you."

The girls take off. "That's my sister, Lacey, and Coop's sister, Marky."

"That's great that they're the same age. And the fact their hormones haven't got the best of them yet is a plus. Trust me on that one." I glare up at Bree and Giselle already on the second level.

"I'm glad about that, too." Her expression dims as she takes a seat. "Skyla-Lacey was in the tunnels."

That's where I recognize her from.

"I'm so sorry," I whisper. "Thank God she's out." Fuck, f**k, f**k! I was supposed to help her. I was supposed to help little Lacey any way I could. "They haven't called me down," I stammer. "I can't get in-" I shake my head in disgust. "Never mind with the excuses. I need to end that violence once and for all."

"It's okay, Skyla. I know you don't have access."

"No, it's not okay. I've been the overseer for three months, and jack shit has changed. I've been to one lousy meeting, and, even then, I couldn't help feel as if I were simply my mother's puppet." I glance up in the event a lightning bolt decides to fly my way.

"I don't think it's your place to change anything. Coop says the meetings run like a well-oiled machine, and nothing shady ever seems to come up."

I let out a breath that streams on for miles. Three months in, and I can't help feeling that I've already failed my faction.

"Coop is right. The Counts aren't going to bring me their wicked plans on a platter. I'm sure the Steel Barricade already has an entire crowd of renegades willing to take down Celestra. The Counts still want to rule whether they admit it or not."

Laken leans in. Her eyes bear into mine, kind but firm. "Do something. I'm here for you, Skyla. We can do this together." Her expression hardens. "We can, and we will."

"We will," I affirm. A thought comes to me. "I think I might have found a loophole." Just as I'm about to fill her in on the fact that the Justice Alliance can't go on using the whole prisoners-of-war stance anymore, a dark shadow clouds over us.

"Well, well," a sinister voice chirps from behind, and everything in me freezes-Chloe. "Nice to finally meet you, Laken." She takes a seat between us while leering over at my poor friend. "It's okay"-she wrinkles her nose-"you don't have to pretend to like Skyla. Nobody else does." A dull laugh rumbles through her. Chloe is a lean, mean, wicked machine. Her long glossy hair, those dark, knowing eyes stain the grey sky with a razor's edge beauty.

"Nice to meet you," Laken says, inspecting Chloe Bishop as if she were a snake slowly wrapping around her neck.

Chloe picks up a lock of Laken's hair and fondles it. "Wesley's love burns bright for you."

"Shut up!" I snap. The last thing Laken needs is Chloe making her miserable. Not that she wants Wes anymore, but I can tell where Chloe is headed.

"He's not that good in bed." Chloe makes a face. "But then, according to him, you wouldn't know that."

"I think I've heard enough." Laken spears her with a barbed look.

"Oh?" Chloe feigns curiosity-her go-to emotion. "But you didn't hear the best part. He can't get you out of his mind when we do it. I mean-the poor guy tries. He's even fantasized about Skyla a time or two." Chloe flicks a smile that says f**k you without even trying. "Anyway, he's practically a girl the way he pines for you-the way his emotions get the better of him. Of course, he's been channeling his frustration much more creatively than some silly girl ever could. You see, he's not out for your standard revenge, he's out to change the world." She says that last part with mocking air quotes.

"And then what?" Laken withholds a smile, amused as hell, because she knows for a fact Wes will never have her. "I'll run back to him because he's destroying half the planet? You can tell him I'm no martyr with a heart of steel. I'm with Cooper, and soon I'll be his wife. He's my everything. Wes can kill a third of the planet, but let it show that the blood is on his hands alone."

"Oh dear, sweet, Laken." Chloe closes her eyes a moment. "As much as I'd love for you to be right, the bloodshed will very much be on your hands as well."

Laken postures in her seat a moment. "Does Wes have the authority to shut down the tunnels?"

Shit. The last thing I need is for Laken to go willingly into that not-so good night with Chloe as an offering to Wes.

"No," I say emphatically. "And please, do not engage in a conversation with this beast. Chloe Bishop is nobody's friend. She's a witch, a devil, a murderer, and a world-class con artist. If you see her coming your way, run like hell in the other direction." I turn to my longtime nemesis. "You can leave now, Chloe. It's you nobody wants." My body shakes with rage just looking at her. "Only you would be capable of giving the middle finger to your banishment." I leave out the part that her false imprisonment has made her that much more stunning. Who knew, evil becomes her? Me-that's who.

"Zip it, Messenger. I'm here to do you a favor. And nice expository by the way." She blinks over at Laken.

"It's Oliver," I correct.

Chloe chooses to ignore the most vital piece of information and turns to Laken. "I'm a Celestra. Skyla here just can't stand that there might be two of us working for the good of our people."

"Have I mentioned liar?" I gag on the words. "Chloe has sworn her allegiance to the Counts."

"So has Logan," she smarts. "You know how that goes. Anyhoo, I'm not here to discus the dead. I'm here to talk about my favorite Oliver-your husband."

I swallow hard because Chloe actually referred to Gage in the proper sense.

"Skyla, let's go." Laken tries to pull me up, but I'm immovable.

The sky rotates above us in swirls of grey and crimson. It's as if the blood of those slaughtered in the tunnels is calling me to do something heroic-to save those left to rot in that demonic haunt, and here I am wasting time with Chloe of all people.

"I don't want to talk to you about Gage, not now, not ever. If you really care about Celestra, you'll help think of a way to shut down Tenebrous. Nobody here is buying your bullshit, so you can leave. And, by the way, I have a meeting with my mother. You, and this incredibly long leash you're strapped to, is the first order of business. I don't need you getting in my way or picking on my friends. Your days on the planet are numbered."

"Fine." Chloe hardens. Her mouth shrivels to a nub. Her eyes slit to nothing. "But I didn't come here to annoy you or your friends." She shoots a death ray to poor Laken. "I came here because I happen to be in on a little secret that just about everyone in the universe is keeping from you." Her eyes glow a strange nuclear green, a wicked grin flirts with her lips. "I'll give you a hint. Remember my diary, Skyla? The one that you burned just before you killed me?"

I sink in my seat, careful to avoid glancing at Laken. I may have forgotten to tell her the little tid-bit about my murderous past, but, then again, Chloe deserved it.

"You do, remember, don't you, Skyla?" Chloe leans in. Her entire person brightens as if she finally has me under her thumb. "Well, there's a little more to that 'well-placed boyfriend' business than you might have suspected. Everything you were told was candy-coated bullshit. And now the truth is right here"-she glances down at my wedding ring-"staring you in the face."

I slap my hand over hers and pull her in. "What is it Chloe? Tell me." She's right. Something enormous is right in front of me, and, for the life of me, I can't figure out what. Marshall won't tell me, my mother, well, she's pretty much useless. "If you know what it is, Chloe..." I let my words hang there because I don't have any plans of making her a single promise.

"I do know what it is, Skyla." She yanks her hand free. "Don't think of revoking my visa, or you'll be the last to know." She stands, knocking her seat back onto the cobbled walkway. "I'm your only true friend. Nobody else wants to tell you the horrible truth. And you were wrong, Skyla-you will make me another promise."

I never was good at shielding my thoughts.

"Really?" I balk. "I'd rather never find out than let you loose on this planet again."

Her eyes oscillate to each of mine as if she were running scared.

"I'll be your liaison. Nobody knows Wesley like I do. I know his plan, Skyla. It's a good one. You're not dealing with an idiot here. Wes is brilliant. The only hope to save the entire Nephilim race is stay two steps ahead."

Chloe knows the plan. She knows this secret about Gage that's been weighing on my heart like a stone that refuses to roll off. I need to know these things.

God, what I'd do to know them.

"No." I blurt out, and both my body and soul feel buoyant, as if rising from Chloe's strangling grip.

"You'll change your mind. You know where to find me. Now if you'll excuse me, I've got a crisp Benjamin in my pocket and strict orders from Wesley to burn each dime on sexy lingerie." She clicks her tongue at Laken. "You know that part about Wes being a lousy lover?" A smile spreads clean and wide over her face. "I lied."

Chloe takes off like a bullet for the escalator.

"Chloe lies about everything. Wes probably can't stand the sight of her." I try to break Laken's gaze, but she's transfixed on the queen of mean and doesn't take her eyes off her until she's out of sight.

"I'd better get the girls." Laken stands, and I do the same. "Do you think she'd tell us the truth? If she's willing to tell us anything at all, it might be worth it."

"Are you kidding? She'll torment me and Gage forever." Crap, Laken is probably right. "I've got a Sector I'm close to, and my mother is a Caelestis. I'm going to see what they're willing to say before I make some insane promise to my least favorite lunatic."

"Sounds good. I'll see you in class."

I glance up at Chloe striding across the second level just as she bumps into Bree and Giselle.

This is wrong. It's all wrong.

The Tunnels. Wesley's insane power grab to take down the Nephilim. This big secret regarding Gage. All these thoughts swirl around me like a tempest.

I know for a fact I can't see my mother until she's good and ready. But as for that smartass Sector, well, I'll be in front of him within twenty-four hours.

Gage

After school, Skyla headed off to the mall, so I figured it was a perfect time to pay a visit to my least favorite Fem. Dad offered to go with me, hell, he insisted, but I'm pretty sure this is one visit I want to make alone. Something in me knows I'm about to hear shit news, one way or another, and I don't know what I'll do.

I park my truck square in front of Edinger's estate. It's Gothic, enormous, and blends into the fog as if it were trying to do everyone a favor and disappear. Demetri's oversized mansion is an exact replica of the one in the Transfer. Fems are bogus that way, stealing people, places, and things, and now I wonder what he's done with me.

I head up, taking the stairs two by two. You'd think I was excited as hell to be here, but I just want to get this over with so I can get on with the rest of my short life.

Rose petals are scattered across the matt, and I'm about to scoff when those strange dreams come back to me. The door opens before I have the chance to knock, and the devil himself stands on the other end ready and willing to greet me.

"Mr. Oliver." That f**ked up grin plastered to his face expands. "I thought we might be meeting this way sooner or later. Wesley tells me you've had the pleasure."

"I kicked the shit out of Wesley about a year ago. He tell you that?" I stride past him without waiting for an invite. "Look, I'm in a hurry." My chest rises and falls as I dust the place with a quick glance. "What's going on? Dr. Flanders ran some tests, and I've got the same NSO marker staining my genes as that shit-bag you've got parading around as your son."

"Good work." He extends his hand to the living room, but I'm not about to follow him anywhere.

"I'm not taking another step in this haunted house. This is the no bullshit zone. Have you been screwing with my DNA? Why the hell do I look so much like your wicked spawn?" I swallow hard because this next part is all that matters. "And what does this have to do with Skyla?"

"Let's see." He connects his palms and bows his head as if considering my words. "To answer your first question, technically, no. Second, I'd be slow to refer to my heir as a wicked spawn. And third"-his head tilts back, his eyes fix on mine, strong and immovable-"in the end it has little to do with Skyla and everything to do with my future grandchildren."

The room spins for a moment. That meatball foot-long I split with Skyla demands to eject itself from my stomach, and I just might let it.

"I'm a Levatio," I whisper to myself as a means to subside the nausea. "I have the gift of knowing, I can levitate, teleport." I lean back against the marble covered wall to keep from falling. "I'm not your anything."

"Quite frankly, I don't care what you believe."

"Why would you do this?" I can hardly bring myself to look at the monster.

"Long before Celestra and the Countenance ever came to be, there was another call to arms, another war that brought the victor power. At that time the Fems weren't able to hold their own. We sided with the Counts instead of lying down for the master."

"The Master?" That's a reference to God himself.

"Let me clarify-our new masters-the Sectors. We were second in line, no longer able to stand before the throne without escort, without their purported permission. We were servants to their every whim."

"And, like the Counts, you couldn't give a rat's ass."

"Well put. And, now, here we are. The final race for power culminating, right here in your time. Isn't that exciting? You, my son, have a part to play in all this. You, alone, have procured the Holy Grail. Partake of her, taste and see the goodness that comes from the fruit of my labor."

Shit. "Dominion." I groan as all of the dreams, all of the hopes I had for Skyla and me diminish in smoke and ashes.

"You've made me so proud." His eyes sparkle like cut glass.

"Don't get your hopes up just yet, Pops," I say as I open the door. "If that's the case, Skyla and I aren't having any children."

I'm not sitting around, engaging him for the specifics. A part of me isn't accepting any of this. It's obviously bullshit. I know who my father is, and it's not that shell of a man.

I take off and jump into my truck.

Skyla and I aren't having any children because if what he says is true, Skyla won't want anything to do with me.

I text Skyla and ask if she wants to grab a bite. She says yes, so I pick up two-dozen long stem roses before heading over.

Here. I text at the base of her driveway. I'm not in the mood for her ranting lunatic of a stepfather tonight. I might lose it if he accuses me of eating through his kitchen one more time. The truth is, he buys crap food that I wouldn't eat if you paid me. Half the time when I eat what his wife cooks, it's because I'm trying to be nice.

Skyla bounces down the driveway with her hair in a ponytail, her teeth glittering as she gives a giant smile. And every damn part of me wants to weep, right down to my wicked bones. God almighty, why couldn't this one thing go my way? I've wanted Skyla more than anything. I'd swear on my mother's soul that my love for her is genuine. This thing we have-this marriage-it's the real deal. I'd die for her right now if she asked me to, and she just might.

The door opens, and an icy breeze slaps me in the face. "Hey, good looking." She jumps into the passenger seat and buckles up.

"These are for you." I pull the supersized bouquet from behind her seat.

"Gage Oliver!" she screams. "Oh my, God, they're gorgeous! Thank you. I love you." She lands her lips onto mine, crushing the flowers between us. "Why on earth are you giving me such gorgeous, expensive gifts?"

"Because you said you hate Mondays." I brush the hair from her beautiful face and a part of me wants to break down and cry, tell her everything I know right now. I start up the truck and head toward town. "I don't want you to hate Mondays. I want you to love everything." Including me, but I don't say it.

"Gage." Skyla pulls it out in an aching drawl, the way she does sometimes when we're making love. I close my eyes for a second and nearly rear end a hatchback. "Whoa, you okay?"

"I'm better than okay. I'm with you." I nod at the burger place across the street. "Drive through okay?"

"Better than okay, I'm with you." She gives my knee a squeeze. Skyla always knows the right thing to say.

We pick up our food and drive down to Devil's Peak. There's a small crowd of high school kids crammed in the lot, so I take the dirt trail down to the base and park just shy of the jagged rocks. Skyla and I watch as the ocean churns out one monster wave after another. She hands me a burger, and I just stare at it. My lunch may have stayed put, but there's no telling what my digestive system might do once I tell her the truth.

"You're not eating."

"I'm good. You go ahead." I flip on the radio and flex my arms behind my neck as the fog rolls in, thick and heavy like an avalanche.

"Well, if you're not eating, I'm not eating." Skyla crawls onto my lap until we're facing each other, her thighs on either side of my waist. "Maybe we should skip straight to dessert?"

"I like the sound of that." I wall up my thoughts.

Crap. I shouldn't be doing this. Knowing that the unfathomable is a possibility, I should tell her. Let her make her own choice. A tiny part of me is delusional enough to believe she might still pick me.

Her lips fall over mine, hot and wet. Skyla dives her tongue into my mouth and probes me with her urgent revolutions, her throaty moans. Loving Skyla has been like living on the back of a hurricane. In the beginning it was such a beautiful mess, and, unfortunately for me, it looks as if it's going to end that way, too.

"You're mine," she whispers, and my eyes fill with tears like a pu**y. I crack a smile as I seal my mouth over hers again. There's no rush in telling her anything I'm not too sure about. No need to work the both of us up over something that will most likely pan out to be another Count-inspired scheme. Hell, Demetri might have skewered my blood with something far removed from his DNA. Wes pops back in my mind as if to refute the idea. And why, Wes? What the hell is the deal with that? It looks like I'll spend the rest of my short life trying to push Wes and his twisted father out of my mind. But deep down, I want answers. And the place to start might just be by having a really tough conversation with my mother. She would know whose son I am.

Skyla pulls away with that drugged look on her face, her eyes glazed over. Her fingers work on unbuttoning my jeans, and I lean the seat back.

Nope. I'm not giving my mother or any other supposed family members another thought. Tonight is all about Skyla and me, just the way it should be.

Skyla plucks my hard-on out of my boxers and holds it between us like an offering.

"Do you have a license to carry a concealed weapon?" She rasps it out serious, and it's tough not to laugh. "Because if you don't, I might have to report you to the proper authorities."

"Yeah?" I nestle back and settle her square over me. "Who would that be?"

"That would be me."

"Then no, I don't. Is there a fine?" I'm not going to lie. I'm enjoying the hell out of our little role playing game. Skyla has a way of making every day new, and I hope I can do the same for her.

"Nope, no fine-but I'll have to take disciplinary action. I'm sorry"-she slips off my knees and rearranges herself until her head is lying in my lap-"I'm going to punish you, and you'll have to pretend to like it." Her eyes catch what little light the moon is giving off, and everything in me loosens. "I may or may not bite." Skyla rises over me, and her lips part just enough. She traces her mouth with the tip of my dick like it's lipstick, and I dig my fingers into her hair. "You want this don't you?" She teases. "Maybe you should say please?"

"No." I moan. I don't deserve to have her sitting next to me, let alone going down on me.

"Playing hardball, huh? I see." She slips her cool hand down my skin and works her fingers carefully over my balls. My body pulsates as she massages the hell out of me. A hard groan sears from my lungs.

"Do it." I press her head gently toward me. I can't take it anymore. Skyla has me right where she wants me.

Skyla dips her lips about halfway down and pulls up with a suction that's hard to believe isn't Celestra based.

"Skyla." I hold her head down and guide her as she rides me with her mouth. "Just like that," the words choke out of me. "Shit." She keeps at it as I hold her hostage with a death grip over her skull. Skyla is the love of my life-my wife. I'm pretty sure I don't deserve the royal treatment tonight or any other night. I gently lift her off me, leaving my dick red-faced and angry that I've let her stop. The windows drip with beads of sweat. "Come here." I remove her sweater and work her jeans off. "Lay down." I kiss Skyla sweetly, starting at the tip of her forehead before working my way to her cheek, her neck, right down to her chest and pause. I flip up her bra and land my mouth over her hard nipple, roll it around on my tongue like it's candy.

If my worst nightmare turns out to be true, then Skyla is going to hate me one day. Tonight maybe. She won't know what to make of me. She'll be nice about it at first, but then we'll go our separate ways because it's obvious we'll have to.

"I want you in me." Skyla clasps her warm fingers over my dick and plunges me inside of her.

"No way." I pull out like jumping out of the path of a tornado. For sure until things are cleared up, the topic of kids is off the table. "We don't want to chance anything, and I'm just about there." I offer a wet kiss over her ear before opening the glove box to scout for protection.

"One day, we're going to want to chance it." She bites down on her strawberry smile. "We're going to love each other just like this, and something beautiful is going to come from it. Do you know how exciting that will be?"

My heart sinks because Skyla has stars in her eyes. She's dreaming of babies, and, if all goes according to the shit script my life seems to be sticking to, they will never exists.

She helps me roll it on, and I carefully press deep inside her.

Here. Right here is where I always want to be. Her heart thumps over my chest as I move in and out, slowly, savoring the ride one last time. This is nothing short of a kiss from heaven. This is everything I've ever wanted as far back as I can remember-and all the way into the distal future.

"I love you, Skyla." It grunts out of me. "Don't ever forget that."

"I love you forever." Her voice breaks up in jags with each thrust I give.

Forever. It was just a joke from the beginning.

I soak in this feeling as my love for Skyla explodes, shaves me right down to the bone. My body trembles into hers uncontrollably, unrepentantly just like my love for her.

She lands a kiss over my temple before securing her grip over me.

I lean up and catch her face in the shadows-beautiful as a night poem written across a dark canvas. Speaking of which...

"I wrote you something." I brush my lips over her forehead.

"You did?" Her face brightens.

"Before we were married. I wrote it for our wedding day." I press a kiss over her scalding cheek and hold it there.

"I want to hear it."

"Remind me, and I'll read it to you later. It's tucked away in my bedroom somewhere."

"You are the sweetest most thoughtful person on the planet, Gage Oliver." She dots the sentiment with a kiss. "Speaking of bedroom. I talked to married housing today." Her expression sours. "It's still way more than we could ever afford."

"Mmm." I brush the hair from her face and drink her down like this, naked in my arms.

"But we'll figure something out," she purrs the words over my neck. "We can't just keep sneaking around your parent's house. God knows I've bumped into Kresley in her no-see-um PJs on more than one occasion."

Crap, so have I. "I'll tell my mom no more weekend slumber parties. Enough is enough."

"I'd protest, but I'm looking forward to giving her the boot myself. I can't wait until it's just you and me."

"You and me," I echo, afraid we might be fleeting. I run my hand down to her soft curls at the base of her hips. "You didn't have a good time tonight."

"I had the best time." She runs her fingers down past my belly button and gives me a scratch. "Anytime we're together it's a good time."

"You're sweet, but here I am trying to bribe you into liking Mondays, and, meanwhile, your new husband engages in greedy sex."

"Greedy?" She belts out a laugh, and the entire truck bounces with her. "You've got to be kidding me. If anything I'm the greedy one. I can never get enough of your love-or your body." Her fingers graze my balls, and I suck a quick breath through my teeth.

"Yeah, well, just to keep in good standing with your body, I plan on returning the favor. I pepper her with kisses before landing my mouth on hers. I reach down and dip my fingers into her warmth and groan. Skyla feels like silk, wet from our love. My fingers run over her folds, and her breathing picks up a notch. If she leaves me, and she should, I'm going to miss the hell out of loving her-touching her, breathing her. I slip a finger deep inside her body, and she bucks into me. I work my thumb over her folds at the same time. I want nothing more than to pump my hand in and out of her all night-find a million new ways to be with her because it might be the very last time.

I take my time getting her there, loving her like this, dousing my mouth over hers like pouring gasoline on a fire.

"Gage." She spikes her nails into my back as her body quivers into mine. Skyla climaxes right there in my hand, warm as summer rain.

This is still our moment. As long as I keep my mouth shut, we can still be Skyla and Gage, loving each other like this night after night-lost in our proverbial forever.

But I know I have to tell her.

As soon as I find out the truth.

Logan

Paragon trembles under the violent deluge of rain. It baptizes the island like sickles falling from heaven. Dudley's home throbs under the driving rain like a sexual current, and all I can think of is Skyla-and Gage loving her. It plays like some p**n ographic reel in my mind that I can't shut off. Skyla laying her hands on his chest. Gage peeling her clothes off in record time. The slow dance to the bed with the two of them locked at the lips.

"Did you hear me?" Liam kicks my foot off the coffee table.

"What?" I groan, replacing my shoe. Liam and Michelle Miller have been droning on about everything under the sun for the last half hour. It's clear she didn't stop here to "drop something by." In fact, she never once asked where Dudley was. She's been too busy yapping it up with my brother. I should have known earlier when she asked where we were staying there might be trouble.

"Never mind." He slumps back and offers Michelle a goofy grin. "So what's keeping you busy these days?"

Her lids fall low. "You, if you'll let me." Her lip jets out as if she's pouting.

And so it begins. I glance back in the direction of the kitchen where a strange glow lights up the area.

"What about you?" Michelle purrs the words with a moan. "What's keeping you busy?"

"Hopefully you." Liam starts panting like he just ran a race.

"Maybe we should go upstairs and see if we can keep each other busy for the next few hours? All night if you're lucky."

"Oh, I'm feeling lucky all right."

Lucky like a junkyard dog. Michelle Miller has sniffed more balls than a Golden Retriever. I think she bagged Dudley under this very roof.

He helps her off the couch as the two of them head for the stairs.

Liam nods over to me. "Do me a favor, and let Emma know I won't be able to make it tonight."

"Not a problem."

I've been meaning to talk to Barron. Not sure how to bring up the fact I'm having doubts about Gage. But, aside from that, at least I can fill him in on Wesley's plans to harvest the earth of Nephilim. He's a genuine piece of shit, and, yet, a part of me has a hard time hating him because I keep seeing Gage.

I head over to the kitchen, and that brilliant glow magnifies in strength.

"Dudley?"

"Be gone, Oliver," he barks from the dining room, so I head in that direction.

Dudley is seated at the table with a tall glow stick of a man that I recognize from the faction war, Delphinius. Next to him is the freak with one eye, Rothello. Him I recognize from Ahava. He's a member of the foursome that makes up the Decision Council along with Skyla's mother.

"What's going on? Big celestial powwow? I grab a seat, and the three of them back up as if a foul odor just seeped into the vicinity, which it probably did.

"If you must know"-Dudley leans in, his entire face radiates like a flame-"the Sectors have been bested by your defunct nephew. I've always known he was up to no good with his boy-next-door face, his muscles for brains, but I had no idea how livid I'd be when I found out." Marshall slams his hands down on the table so hard the room shakes. The veins protrude on his neck, thick as cables. "Everybody out!" His voice roars right through my bones.

The room evaporates, and a steely fog blooms around me. I'm standing on the porch at the Oliver house, freezing as shit without a jacket in the pouring rain.

I look up at my old home, and I wish to God I could relive the last two years. My heart breaks because I can't-because a part of me is too afraid to face what might have just come to pass.

I make my way to the door and turn the handle.

I'm not sure what made Dudley so livid with Gage, but I'm not going to rest until I find out.

Ready or not Gage, here I come.

11

The Wicked Truth

Skyla

After our little romp down at Devil's Peak, I ask Gage to take me home so I can get a few more things for my overnight bag. He drops me off and lets me know he needs to gas up real quick, but I know for a fact he's had enough of Tad's bullshit. I make a beeline for my room and listen as a rumble of voices seep in from next door. It's been twenty minutes of Mia and Melissa fighting nonstop. I feel terrible. I keep meaning to talk to Mia about life in general. I know how crappy things can be in this house, but, realistically, I can't get either one of us out of this situation.

A loud rattle emits from their bedroom, then footsteps trample their way downstairs. There's that.

I'd better head down to see if there are casualties. And then, of course, I'll have to face Mom. Both she and Mia have been giving me the cold shoulder as of late, I'm assuming because of my non-presence. If they knew that Gage and I were official, then they might actually understand. It pains me to keep something so important from them. Not to mention, they'll probably be pissed to high heaven when they find out I've been keeping something so big to myself. Maybe I should just get it over with? I'll just pull them to the side and let them in on my big secret, and when Gage gets back, we can all go out for a quick bite to eat. Not that any of us have any cash to burn, but a forty-nine cent taco or a cup of coffee from the gas station might be in the works.

I speed down to the kitchen ready to tell Mom everything. I'm sick of all the secrets. I'm sick of all the lies. I'm finally going to-

"What the hell?" I stop short of the dining room and take a breath.

Tad sits at the table with a napkin twisted up each nostril while everyone around him proceeds to nosh on their bacon and eggs as if his ability to sprout spontaneous tusks were an everyday occurrence.

"He's got a severe nasal drip." Mom glances up before returning to the task of folding miniature sanitary napkins for her husband's currently defunct sniffer.

Drake points his fork hard over in Tad's direction. "You probably have your brain leaking out of your nose. You hear about that all the time now. I bet that's what's happening."

I shake my head. "Makes total sense."

"We're having breakfast for dinner. Care to join us?" Mom asks, rather curt.

I reconsider my stance on letting them in on my nuptial standing while Tad oozes his brains out all over the table.

"No thanks. Emma probably has something for us." A nice hot bowl of hate. I swear that woman can stand me a little less every day. To think what she would do if she knew I was in her son's bedroom night after night f**king his brains out.

"Skyla"-Mom comes in close with Misty in tow-"you've been spending an awful lot of time at the Oliver's house. Are you sure you're not overstaying your welcome?" Her brows knit together as if this is a real concern.

Please, with all the people taking up residence here, I'm surprised Tad hasn't handwritten me a thank you yet.

"It's fine," I say. "Emma hasn't said a word." Because she's too busy giving me the cold shoulder. I crimp a smile.

"Don't look a gift horse in the mouth," Tad squawks. "She and that linebacker cost us fifty percent more in our grocery bill each month. With the two of them gone, we're already slashing our expenses in half."

"Don't worry, Pops." Drake strides in with his new bride, Bree. "I made some serious dough today." He plunks down a wad of bills on the kitchen table, and everyone in the room gathers around to gawk at the pile of green like we've never seen it before-mostly because we haven't.

"Holy shit!" Melissa barks. "Did you hold up a liquor store?"

Good God, that's what it's come to. All along we've been criminals in the making.

"I'd like to know the same thing." I grip my chest. I'm sure just a small fraction of that can land Gage and me in a place of our own.

"Nah"-Drake scoops it back up and spreads it out, fanning himself with the loot-"I sold out. I'm no art dealer. Instead, I jumped on the T-shirt bandwagon, and before we knew it, we were doing the green lettuce cha ching." He smacks Bree on the bottom.

"What kind of T-shirts?" Mom's eyes round out like saucers. A bundle like that can buy a lot of baby shoes.

"I bet they were hemp." Mia shoots me a knowing look.

"Nope." Brielle chimes in gleefully. "Just some cheapies we bought at the dollar store. Drake had the genius idea to write Made in Paragon on them and voila!"

"Made in Paragon?" I'm stumped. "But they weren't made in Paragon."

Drake shakes his head. "Where do you think I wrote that shit? Besides, I looked it up. According to international trade laws, only part of it has to be manufactured here." He plucks at something hanging from his back pocket and dangles a shirt in front of us. It's a plain white T with the logo Made in Paragon on the lower left, and the outline of a bird in flight just above the P. "There's that damn crow that keeps shitting on my head." Drake points at the glorified letter M. "I thought that added a little something extra to it."

Yeah like a liability suit-never mind the fact it's not a crow, it's a raven. Besides, I don't bother telling the two of them that a store on the mainland has a logo that looks just like that, albeit with a seagull.

"Good work." I'm just about to corner Mia when a car comes screeching up the driveway, blaring its horn.

"For cripes sake, what now?" Tad springs up, and the entire lot of us are quick to follow him out the door.

"Skyla, would you mind?" Mom hands me Misty while picking up her newest edition from the playpen-Ember, with her pale eyes, her mesmerizing dark hair. I can't believe Em just dumped her with my mother. Even if it was my idea-it was a lousy one.

We head out into the frigid air. The rain has just stopped and washed the landscape clean of any fog.

Ethan sits on the hood of that souped-up muscle car he's been nursing back to health from the salvage yard last summer.

"What do you think?" He holds out his hands like a douche.

"Did you put gas in it?" Tad walks around inspecting for dents.

"Nope, got a paint job."

Crap. Ethan must be colorblind because it's the exact shade of grey it was this morning. Figures-one Landon brings home federally issued lettuce, and the other Landon is one sandwich short of a picnic.

"It's the same color, you numb-nut." Drake is quick to point out.

Wow. Who knew Drake would turn out to be the brains of this disorganization? Baby Beau waddles out, and Drake scoops him up. Something in the act endears me to my stepbrother.

I bet Gage will hold our baby all the time. I melt straight down to my bones just envisioning Gage holding an entire gaggle of children. I thought, after watching Emily give birth, I'd never be open to the idea, but, now, I want an entire herd of kids with Gage. Bring on the head spinning and projectile vomiting because Gage Oliver and I are going to make some seriously beautiful babies one day.

Misty touches my neck and takes a fistful of flesh in her hand.

"Ouch. No, no, no." I try to carefully pry her fingers off, but she's got a death grip on me.

"It glows in the dark." Ethan slaps the car as if it were brilliant.

"Well it's dark and its not glowing." Melissa points out.

"That's because we need the sun to power it up."

Again. Stuck on stupid.

"It's never sunny on Paragon." Mia cries out as if her sanity just flew from her skull like a bat in flight.

"That's why I got a solar lamp, you moron." He circles around the car and pulls out an industrial-sized sunlamp from the back, large enough to flood any football stadium with its artificial rays.

Tad starts in on a tirade about the cost of electricity, and who knows what else, but I can't focus on his bitching because Misty is looking right into my eyes, and a vision starts to form. She's imparting it to me just the way Gage does. It's Demetri's ugly mug-he's cooing at her. Poor thing is reliving a nightmare. How's daddy's little princess? I've have big plans for you, my love. Ask me for anything-up to half my kingdom-I will lay it at your feet.

Crap!

I hand her back to Mom like a hot potato.

Gage pulls up to the base of the driveway. I snatch up my overnight bag and run on down.

I push all thoughts of Demetri and his horrifying grimace out of my mind-but he keeps floating back to the surface like an oil stain.

Dear God, it can't be true.

All the way to the Oliver house, I ruminate over the fact I still need to talk to Ezrina about a strategy that will enable Gage to live to his full potential. The Tenebrous Woods flash through my mind.

"You know, we should probably have Ezrina help us formulate a plan to start siphoning people out of those tunnels."

"I agree. We should get a head count so we know what we're up against," he says, parking high up on the driveway. Gage comes over to my side and helps me out while carrying my oversized duffle bag. "I looked all up and down Paragon for a decent apartment earlier, and there's nothing we can afford." Gage looks genuinely beaten down, but something about that far away look in his eye tells me it has nothing to do with our sudden housing crisis.

"Something will come up." I tighten my arm around him. "People don't live with their parents forever. Besides, I've got something that might cheer you up." I cinch a private smile because I happen to know for a fact I planted my old cheer uniform in that duffle bag. I plan on cheering him up in private later. Who needs sexy underwear at forty bucks a pop from The Naughty Hawty when I've got a little something from West Paragon that will never stop entertaining my man?

Gage leans in before opening the door. A pained look sweeps across his face. "I love you, Skyla."

"I love you." We share a simple kiss just as the door swings open.

"You're back late." Emma's face catches the shadows in all the wrong places, making her look like a creature from the pit of-well, being she's my mother-in-law, I'll defer from the reference. "You've missed dinner and dessert."

I give Gage the once over. She wishes. Gage is still the best dessert in town.

"Sorry, Mom. I'll give you a call next time." Gage closes his eyes a moment as if life just kicked the shit out of him one last time. "I'd better get to bed. I'm beat."

Emma takes a breath. I can tell she's just getting started.

"Um, I have to get up early tomorrow," I whisper. "I'll just head up to Logan's room. Goodnight." I give Gage a little wink before trotting up the stairs. I plan on pulling my hair back in a ponytail and applying that garish red lipstick Chloe used to make us wear. I'm not about to let my new husband go to bed without a little loving tonight.

Emma's voice picks up like a swarm of bees just as I hit the top of the stairs. She's bitching full steam ahead, and I'll bet it's about me. I pause a second to listen in.

"I will not be disrespected in my own home," she murmurs.

"Got it." I hear Gage say.

"I will have none of that under my roof."

My stomach sinks. Crap. She's either onto us, or she's making sure Gage keeps his hose away from the four-alarm fire in my pants.

"Under her roof," I mutter on my way to Logan's room. Maybe we'll do it on the roof. God knows I'm in the mood for some hot roof sex with Gage. I give a little giggle. I plan of having him everywhere and anywhere. Sorry Emma. That boy is all mine.

I step into Logan's bedroom and turn on the light. I lock the door and do a quick change into my cheer uniform. Fits like a glove. I tug the skirt down a bit and admire myself in the mirror. The sound of rumbling comes from the closet followed by a bang.

Crap. It's probably Chloe. She's going to totally take advantage of her newfound ability to zap herself wherever the hell she wants. It would figure. In an effort to punish her, my mother outfitted the bitch with a ton of brand new superpowers.

A set of footsteps thump in my direction, and I stop breathing. My heart flutters a mile a minute as I look around for something to bury deep in Chloe's skull. Or maybe it's that pitiful douche that's taking lessons on wickedness from her? Wes.

Him I'd like to just plain old bury.

The footsteps slow as they grow closer in proximity, and that brown bottle I once used to slice Logan's face catches my attention. He kept the working end of it as a memento, and I'm quick to cradle it in my hand-shards facing out.

The closet door opens a few inches, and I gasp.

Here it is, my moment to carve Chloe like a pumpkin. But it's not Chloe, and it's definitely not the douche taking up residency in the Transfer.

He dips his chin with that sexier than hell smile. A hint of sadness flashes in those amber eyes. "You still trying to break that damn bottle?"

I can't breathe. I can't move. The universe just started up again like an old engine that conked out as far back as last December.

"Logan?" My heart drops straight through to middle earth. "What are you doing in your bedroom?"

"What are you doing in my bedroom?" His dimple lengthens parallel to his face. "Don't answer that." He makes his way over with a determined gait. "I left you in a bedroom. I think it's fitting I find you in one."

"Logan." I wrap my arms around his familiar body. I bury my face in his chest and take in his heady scent-musk and spiced wood, a hint of lavender. He feels solid, and real, and in every way like his old self. "God, I've missed you." I plant my lips over his T-shirt and linger before pulling away. "Thank you for coming back." Tears fill my eyes, and my legs begin to tremble. It's as if I've stepped into a dream, and I never want to wake up. "Tell me you're here to stay."

"I'm here to stay, Skyla." He wipes the tears from my cheek. "Please don't be sad. I can't bear it." He glances down at the protective hedge, the mirrored heart dangling from my neck and cradles them in his palm a moment.

"I'm not sad." I lay my hand over his, and he gives it a brief kiss before returning it to my side. My body shakes just being this close to him. I dig my nails into my bare thighs in an effort not to touch him again. A stunted silence takes over, and my gaze falls to the floor.

"I know you, Skyla." Logan gently lifts me by the chin. His eyes press into mine, and it feels intensely intimate. We're loving each other in the most primal way right here with our eyes. "I know all of your kisses, all of your smiles, your frowns. I can decipher every sigh that blows from your lips-you must know that I love you."

I give a quick nod, forcing my eyes to focus on his shoes. A lone tear falls to the floor with an unceremonious splat. He tucks his finger under my chin once again and lifts me until we're eye to eye.

"Skyla"-he breathes my name like a dream-"don't cry for tomorrow when you have today."

I grab a hold of his hand once again and shed a weak smile.

"You always know what to say, Logan." I offer another heartfelt hug, so hard, so tight I'm about to break all our bones in the process. "I'm really glad you're back." I pull away and take him in again. His gorgeous features are clouded with a patina of sadness, and it hurts my heart to see it.

"I'm glad to be back." His brows arch slightly amused as he looks me over. "You look great."

I give a nervous glance at my cheer uniform. Shoot.

"Oh, I was just..."

"It's okay. I'm heading back to Dudley's." He holds up his hands. His expression darkens. "Congratulations, Skyla." His eyes search my face. "I'm really happy for you and Gage."

There's something distant in his eyes as if he's withholding something from me.

Happy for me, huh?

Something tells me he's not.

Gage

Skyla gives a light knock on the door about an hour after our run in with my mom. It's pretty clear she's not going to approve of Skyla and me shacking up here until we're on our feet. Maybe if she knew we were married? I bet that would make her feel a lot better about Skyla in general.

"Close your eyes," Skyla whispers, and I do. She enters the room, and I hear the click of the lock once she shuts the door. "Okay." A floral scented breeze washes over me. "Open."

Skyla stands there with her hands above her head, her cheer uniform from West on, and holy shit-my hard-on just sprung to life from nowhere.

She hops up and down and pumps her fist skyward. "Give me a G-A-G-E, what do you get?" She skips forward and lands a kiss on my lips. "My husband."

"Nice move Messen-Oliver." I give a lopsided grin at my quick correction as I pull her into the bed beside me. Skyla leans over switches off the lights.

A hard knock erupts at the door. "Gage?"

"Crap, it's Emma," Skyla whimpers.

"I got this."

I flick back on the lights, and Skyla jumps out of my bed, doing her best to flatten her skirt. Damn she looks good. Was that skirt always that short?

I head over and open the door a few inches. "What's up?" I do my best to sound beat, but, the truth is, Skyla just helped me catch my second wind.

"I thought I heard screaming." She cranes her neck in through the door and scowls. "Everything all right?"

"It's fine. Skyla was just going over some cheers. Her sister made the team at West." That made no sense whatsoever, and I don't really care at this point. It sucks that Mom is so against Skyla being in my room, but I get it.

"Well"-she struggles to look over my shoulder-"I'll be up for a little while. I've got a few shows I've been meaning to catch up on. Goodnight you two." She glares at me as if telling me to keep it in my pants. "Between you and me"-she leans in and whispers-"I think you're all better. There's no need to baby you any longer." She takes off down the hall.

"Got it."

"No need to baby you?" Skyla gives a gurgle of a laugh while curling me in with her finger. "I beg to differ."

I lock the door and head back to bed.

"I think you know exactly what I need."

Skyla knocks me back onto the mattress and climbs on top of me until she's sitting on my waist.

"Best part?" She raises her skirt just enough for me to see that dark triangle calling to me. "Easy access."

"I'm suddenly feeling overdressed."

"I'm feeling overexposed." She leans over to turn off the light, and I catch her by the wrist.

"I kind of like the overexposed part."

"Okay." Her lips twist to the side in that cute way only Skyla seems able to do. "But I'm not taking anything off."

I ride my gaze up and down her sexier-than-hell cheer uniform. "I'll let it slide just this once."

"Just this once, huh?" She gives my sweats a tug. "Well, I'm not letting anything slide." She bites down on her lip. "Everything off, Oliver-right now."

"You want it off?" I let my smile dissipate.

"Pretty please with a cherry on top." Her hips rock over mine when she says cherry.

My fingers hedge up her thighs, slowly, like crawling up a building.

"Ditch the stitches, Oliver."

With lightning precision, I strip off my clothes, and before I know it, Skyla is siting over me with nothing but her heated flesh touching mine.

"That feels good." I slip my finger to the edge of her skirt and gently flip it over. "Looks like you forgot something."

"You complaining?" She grinds over me, and my dick grazes up over her bottom.

"No ma'am." I reach over to the nightstand and pluck a condom out of the drawer. "Come here." I roll her gently onto her back. Skyla's hair falls around her like a golden wreath. Skyla is an angel in every sense of the word.

"I had a chance to hold Misty tonight." She glances down. It's obvious she misses her family. "You know, she looks a lot like I'd imagine our kids will look one day."

I pause for a moment from rolling on the rubber.

"Ember, too," she says as I lie down over her. "It made me think of how sweet it's going to be, Gage. Of course, I want to finish college, but then, if it's all right with you, I'd love to start a family-one child at a time until we've amassed an entire tribe." She giggles as if she were drunk. "I can't believe we get to make a person simply by loving the hell out of each other." She reaches up and strokes the stubble on my cheek.

"I think that's pretty amazing." I swallow hard and put my thoughts on lockdown. This just got tough. I've tried my best to push all that Fem bullshit out of my head today. It can't be true. I won't let it. I land a tender kiss just under her ear before reaching over and flicking off the lights. There's no way I'll be able to hide the grief on my face for another moment.

"Hey"-she gives my ribs a quick pinch-"I thought this was a 'lights on' kind of a night."

I moan into her as I bury a kiss in her ear. "How about we save it for another time? I think my mother's on the prowl." I press a hard kiss over lips and linger. "I've been thinking a lot about our future today, too. Now that I can't play football, I should probably find something else to focus on-like taking over the morgue."

Skyla runs her fingers through my hair. "Is that what you want?"

"I don't know." As long as I'm nowhere near related to Demetri, I'm fine with hanging out with a bunch of stiffs eight hours a day.

"How about writing?" She brightens at the thought.

A smile brims on my lips. Skyla knows just how to pull me out of the mud and the mire each and every time. "Writing is more of a dream."

"Then turn it into a reality." She rakes her fingers down my chest and stops shy of hitting pay dirt. "I believe in you, Gage. I know you can do this."

"Thank you." I land a wet kiss onto her lips. "Writing is what I've always wanted to do." Not sure it'll pay the bills, though. But it's a nice dream I wouldn't mind keeping alive.

"Speaking of which, you never read me my poem."

I lie over her until we're face to face.

"How about I write a poem over your body with mine"-I ride my fingers up her thigh-"then I'll whisper the words right into your ear."

Her eyes close. A breath escapes her lips as if she were already there.

"That sounds too good to be true."

I give a wry smile as I land a careful kiss over her mouth. I hope, in the end, I'm not too good to be true.

Skyla wraps her legs around me as I carefully push in. She's as tight as day one, and that's fine by me. I groan into her as I give a heartfelt thrust. I like the way her body makes me work for it. The way she bears down and gives a gentle squeeze just when I need it. Skyla's chest rises to meet mine. Her face is buried in my neck as I ride over her easy and slow. I want to make this last with Skyla, all of it last with Skyla. The intensity grows inside me like a cyclone picking up steam, and I slam into her, one powerful blow after another, and, suddenly, I'm feeling greedy as hell once again. I pull out and glide down the bed, pushing her thighs up to her chest and land my mouth over her sweet spot. Skyla tastes raw, the aftertaste of the rubber lingers in the background. I melt my mouth over her, riding up and down until she's writhing beneath me. Skyla takes her time getting there-her body shifts rhythmically, her breathing carefully builds to a climax. She grabs a hold of her ankles and bears down, and I unleash one more reign of unholy terror on her. The bed shakes. Skyla belts out a cry that lets everyone in a fifty-foot radius know she's having a real good time.

I pause as she quakes into me, and let her finish the ride before gliding up beside her.

In the back of my mind I'm expecting a fist pounding to ensue over the door at any moment, but I don't care because I'm too far gone. I get on my knees and hoist her ankles up onto my shoulders, entering her fast and hard with Skyla still gasping below me. I'm in beast mode, thrusting away, and the headboard picks up on our rhythm, slamming the shit out of itself into the wall. All I need is Just. A. Few. More. Seconds.

The horrible drumming of the wood against drywall continues until I let out a hard groan. I clutch onto her hips and pull her in with superhuman strength, trembling into her, coming for weeks as Skyla pants out breath after breath.

I loosen and rub her hips like an apology before collapsing over her in a ball of sweat.

"God, I love you," I pant into her ear.

"I love you, Gage Oliver." She grazes her teeth against my cheek. "You think they heard?"

I bury my face in her neck, and we share a quiet laugh.

"Breakfast is going to be awkward," she whispers.

"How about we take off long before then?"

"Deal." She pulls the comforter over us, and I can feel the steam rising off my body. "The words?"

"The words." I press a kiss into her ear as I pluck the paper off the nightstand and catch a glimpse of it with the moon washing over the handwritten verse. I toss it back and hold Skyla close. I think I've got it memorized, etched right over my heart. I drank down those words the day I wrote them, like I'm drinking down Skyla right now. I pull back and rub my thumb gently over her cheek. "Love as strong as death, you once whispered those words to me. Here we are, come so far, to my heart you hold the key. I love you, I've always loved you-I'll love you 'til my dying breath. Live your life, you'll still be my wife, and to my heart you'll always hold the key. When you're old and grey and God calls you home-when the angels come to greet you-I'll be the first you see. We'll be together again, home at last-our forever finally come to pass." I press a kiss onto her lips and stay there as tears fight their way through the seam of my lids.

"Gage." She pulls back and examines me in the dismal light. "Oh God, that was so beautiful." She tightens her arms around me. "Our forever finally come to pass," she strings the words out like the strum of a harp. "I love that." Her lips quiver as she struggles not to cry. "We're together Gage. It was fate. Destiny finally had its beautiful way."

"My beautiful destiny." I bury a kiss in her hair. "That you are."

My insides grind. If I'm a Fem, then destiny has for sure had its twisted way. The only one who won't get her way is poor Skyla. There's no way we could ever have children and give Demetri what he craves most-dominion.

Nope-one way or another Skyla and I just might be damned.

If Demetri is telling the truth, my mother will be the least of our worries.

Logan

I toss an arm up over my eyes in an attempt to get some sleep, but, the truth is, I'd rather be dead than breathing the same air as Gage at the moment.

What am I saying? I am dead. And, right about now, I'm wishing I stayed that way. Last night was nothing short of a ballbuster. I've always known that Skyla was well into Gage, but the last few hours brought it home in a whole new way. It was bad enough listening to her ultra giddy cheer. G-A-G-E, who do I want to murder? Gage! Then the panting-Skyla's all out screaming-only to have it rounded out with some good old-fashioned headboard action.

Judas f**king priest. Is this what's been going on here night after night? It's a wonder Emma hasn't hacked her own head off just to silence the beast her son has become.

Perfect night to sleep over. As soon as Skyla took off, I changed my mind and decided to stay. In all fairness, I told her I was leaving. I'd like to believe had she known I was here, she might have turned down the volume a notch or two.

I make a mental note of this for the next decade or so when Skyla is all mine. Payback is a real- Then I remember Gage won't be around, and a pinch of grief lights me up on the inside. It almost makes what happened last night okay.

Almost.

Hell-it does.

By the time I make my way downstairs, Gage's truck is long gone, and I speculate Skyla went with him since they're joined at the hip-quite literally.

"Morning," I grumble to Emma and Barron.

"Logan!" Emma tackles me with a hearty hug. "God, you're here! Did you spend the night?"

"Yup-slept upstairs. Hope you don't mind."

She cuts Barron a look. "I don't mind. Clearly the room was unoccupied. And don't tell me you had a good night's sleep. I don't think the neighbors received an ounce of decent shut eye-who could with that racket going on at all hours?"

"They put on quite the show." I land at the table just as Emma sinks a cup of black coffee in front of me, and I take it bitter just like my heart.

"That they did." Barron lifts a brow before shutting his laptop. "Have you heard anything suspicious as of late?" He shoots a quick glance to Emma to see if she's listening.

"Suspicious?" Emma gasps as she tosses on her coat. "That girl is corrupting our son, Barron. She's the reason he's not staying at the dorm we're shelling out our hard earned dollars for each month. She's most likely the reason his back went out. By the sound of things, she's using him like a trampoline. And, I'll bet anything, she'll be the reason Gage doesn't continue with his studies. Any minute now I'm expecting him to come home and announce he's quitting school to find himself." She squeezes her eyes shut tight. "God forbid they multiply."

My stomach clenches at the thought.

I wait until Emma stalks off to work, before turning to my brother.

"I think Gage might have a problem, and it has nothing to do with Skyla or your irate wife."

Barron takes off his glasses and leans in. "And everything to do with a certain Fem?"

I lean forward and wipe down my face with my palm.

"We need to know for sure, Barron." I don't have the guts to verbalize what I might be trying to say. "How are we going to do that?"

"I've already done it. The results are in. Gage shares the exact same DNA as that monster in the Transfer-Demetri's son."

"Shit." The room jags in and out of focus. "How in the hell did Edinger pull one over on us and why?"

"One-it was easy." He leans in further. "And two-dominion."

12

The Dragon and the Rose

Skyla

Laken and I sit riveted in history as Marshall paints a picture of the Salem witch trials, constantly eluding to the fact that just about anyone with supposed "powers" might have been considered a witch at the time and suffered the same inhuman death as those that perished. All it took was one disgruntled friend or relative to finger you as an enchantress, and your whole world went up in shit-well, flames-with you nestled in them.

"God, that was so depressing," Laken says after class. "It's clear he's talking about the Nephilim. Do you think that can happen all over again?"

"Hell, no." I try to sound more confident than I am. "I mean, these days, if people think you have superpowers, they give you a primetime TV special and a million dollar show in Las Vegas. Trust me, we're golden."

Hey-maybe Gage and I can make millions with our "magic" act? There's something to consider. But I'm betting it would be grounds for disqualification as the overseer of the factions-not that it isn't a useless position to begin with.

Laken twists her lips. "I have to admit, after Logan told Coop about Wesley's intentions, I've been up at night, racking my brain trying to figure this out."

"What are his intentions?"

"To wreak havoc." She glances over my shoulder at the door. "Coop's here, I gotta go." She hesitates a moment. "Don't say anything, but I think I have a way of getting those tunnels shut down."

"How?" I'm more than willing to lend an ear to whatever scheme she might be cooking up.

"First, I need to talk to Wes," she whispers in the event prying ears might hear.

I glance over my shoulder and offer Cooper a quick wave.

"Are you keeping this a secret from Coop?"

"I'm keeping this a secret from everyone. The only reason I'm telling you is in the event I go missing." She gives a wry smile because, face it, we both know it's a possibility.

"Whatever it is, forget about it. Trust me, nobody wants you to do anything stupid. Coop loves you. We don't want you sacrificing yourself, Laken." Besides, Cooper would never forgive me if something happened to her.

She gives a quick laugh. "Don't worry, I'll be safe. If I'm right, Wes doesn't have the power to shut down those tunnels on his own." She glances down at the floor a moment, and a quick pang of grief crosses her face.

"You know something, don't you? Is this about the tunnels?"

"No, it's something else." She gives a nervous glance out the door. "It has to do with Coop's dad, and, anyway, it's not my place to say anything. I'll catch you later." She tries to get away, but I snatch her back by the wrist.

"Tell me-whatever it is I can handle it, I swear."

Her eyes fill with regret as if she's already said too much. "I have to go." She jerks free and takes off like a bullet.

Just how in the world is Chloe Bishop the only one willing to tell me the truth? Honest to God, I'm starting to think she was right-she's my only true friend. I shake my head at the ridiculous thought. Chloe Bishop is a leech that I can't seem to strip off my body. She's been a noose around my neck from as far back as when I lived in L.A.

"Ms. Messenger."

I spin to find Marshall in all his Sector glory looking stunningly delicious, and I hold my breath a moment just admiring his beauty.

He leans in. "Where were we last night?"

I trot down and give him a stern look. Bastard. He knows full well he's still infiltrating my dreams, making me do the nasty with him for hours at a time while Gage is right there in my bed.

"Some skunky saloon filled with perverts just like you," I hiss.

"Testy are we?"

"You said we needed to help, Clara. It's the only commonality other than your penis." A student in the third row turns to look at me, and I lean in to whisper, "Now what gives?"

"Dear child, it sounds as if your imagination has run amuck." A lewd grin blossoms on his lips because obviously he approves of my brain malfunction. "Might I suggest a good throttling on the mattress by your betrothed? That might fix your carnal cravings. Does he not provide?" Marshall's expression grows stern as if this were a real question.

"Gage more than provides. In fact, last night at the Oliver house, every single person under that roof was made painfully aware of just how well he does so." I bury my face in my hands a moment. "God, I can never face Barron and Emma again."

"I believe the Pretty One stayed the night."

Gah!

Shit! Shit! Shit!

I slap my hand over my forehead. "God-don't tell me." I squeeze my eyes shut tight trying to make this entire nightmare go away. "Please, talk about something else."

"Any pressing thoughts on my sermon?"

"You mean dissertation."

"Both are within reason." His brows knit. "It was meant to serve as a warning."

"So Laken was right." I straighten at the thought. "The Nephilim need to watch their backs." God, it's going to be the Salem witch trials all over again. Chloe will be the first to throw me under the burning bus.

He shakes his head with frustration. "Something new is coming, love. I implored Delphinius to clue me in, but no such luck. He's proving his old useless self." He clenches his jaw as if he's had a beef with that beanpole of an angel all along.

"Can't you just go to the future and see for yourself?"

"I'm a Sector, Skyla. I can as easily step into the bedroom as I can into the next decade."

"Then what's keeping you?"

"It's clear as oatmeal as of late. And when the future is soupy that's a good indicator that it's fluid. I'm afraid the Decision Council has deemed me to be in the dark for a time."

"They're all useless." I close my eyes a moment.

"What's with the long look?" He postures over me before narrowing in with his crimson gaze. His lips crimp with disdain. "Is there trouble brewing between you and Jock Strap so soon?"

I give a guilty shrug. My lips quiver because here come the tears.

"What's this?" Marshall leans in as if he's never witnessed a bout of occult precipitation before. "Good Lord, Skyla, did he force himself on you?" Something just this side of rage brews beneath the surface.

"No," it comes out raspy. "I'm a willing participant in that department."

"I see." A ghost of a smile twitches on his lips. "You regret your decision. You'd rather skip to the good part now that you see what a disappointment both Oliver boys are when it comes to carnal relations. Can't say I blame you."

"Please." I roll my eyes at his offensive suggestion.

Marshall lifts the hair off my neck, and a cool breeze caresses my heated skin. "Let me take you to my chambers." His lips swoop in just shy of mine, and I turn my head away. "I'll rectify the situation at once."

"That won't be necessary."

"We can end his sorry life." Marshall's eyes widen with the idea. "I've enough cyanide stored to put out a horse. I say we go old school. Poison apple, anyone?"

"Poison apple?" I scoff at his less-than-stellar genius. "How original."

"It is, and it was. I'll have you know that idea was stolen from me. Those damn Grimm brothers were about as annoying as the Olivers."

"Marshall!" I hiss. "I love those Oliver 'brothers.' Now tell me what you know. Whatever it is, Laken knows it, too. Chloe knows. The whole damn universe is in on this one, and it's really starting to piss me off."

"I'd chastise you on the use of coarse words, but heaven knows I'm about to spout a few off myself." He blows out a breath as if I've exasperated him.

"God, this must be serious." Either that or it directly affects his libido. "Marshall"-I snatch him by the lapels-"you have to tell me what everyone knows. I'm going batshit." I can't fathom what would be so horrific that only Chloe would be willing to spill it.

"Know this." Marshall leans in until I can feel his breath warming me. "The fruit of the rose family can be lethal. Its poisonous seed will certainly do this world in."

"You're talking in riddles." My gaze falls out the window at that horrific dragon painted across the building with his terrifying grimace. His ruby eyes shimmer right through the fog with an eerie incandescent glow.

"Does the dragon fit into this-Omen?" I test his name on my lips. I've hated it all along. It feels evil, nefarious.

"Indeed he does." Marshall shoulders up next to me and fixes his gaze on the creature's awful countenance. He hones in his hatred and glares at the monstrosity as if it were a person.

The earth quakes, a roar erupts from the sky as the belly of those tar-colored clouds rip open, in one magnificent roar, and a deluge of rain falls over campus as if God, himself, were trying to soothe an open wound.

"Perfect." I make a face at the grey needles falling slantwise. I'm going to get soaked on the way to my next class. I don't have an umbrella."

"Take mine." He whips one out from under his desk and holds it low like a long, dark, phallic extension. Marshall buckles up his briefcase and takes a step toward the exit. "You're going to need all the protection in this life that I can give you. I'll find another way to keep dry." He dematerializes right before my eyes.

"Wait! You didn't tell me anything! I want answers, damn it!"

He gives a dark laugh. "You, my love, are the rose. Your betrothed is the dragon."

My heart thumps loud and quick like a muted series of gunshots.

The dragon and the rose.

Good God, it sounds like a tragic poem.

Something, deep down inside, tells me it will be.

I can't even think of going to class, instead I wander off campus, onto the city streets of Host, and meander aimlessly. Try as I might, I can't begin to fathom what Marshall was trying to tell me. My betrothed is a dragon? Could that be Gage? Technically it could be Marshall, himself, or Logan for that matter, but Chloe's words keep replaying in my mind like a haunting refrain. Remember my diary, Skyla? The one that you burned just before you killed me? You do, remember, don't you, Skyla?

The light changes, and I start to cross the street, straight toward an ever-darkening shadow. Chloe appears before me, faint, as an apparition, and I pause right there in the middle of the street. The rain plasters her hair to her skull. Her gauzy clothes adhere to her elongated limbs like melted spider webs.

"Well-placed boyfriend." She strums the words out like a dark love song as her voice rises high over the driving rain. "The truth is right here"-she glances down at my wedding ring-"staring you in the face."

"No." I shake my head while backing up. A horn goes off, and a strong pair of arms scoop me off my feet, rushing me to the curb-right through Chloe in her ghostly form.

"Thank you," I whisper out of breath, fully expecting to find Gage, but it's not. It's my favorite stoner with his dirty blond hair, his face chiseled to perfection.

"Ellis?" I wrap my arms around the back of his neck, relieved in a sense.

"That's right. I'm your knight in shining armor, ready and willing to serve." He plops me down on my feet with a thump. "What the hell? You act like you've just seen a ghost."

"It was a demon if you want to get specific." The rain reduces to a heavy mist, and I collapse the umbrella. "It was Chloe. Some strange crap is going on, Ellis. And I swear on all that is holy, if you know what it is, I'm going to go ape shit."

"Cool. Let me know as soon as you find out. Try not to shred my guts this time, would you?" He shakes his head at the thought.

I may have sliced him in half once before. I'd like to say it was an accident, but, in truth, he pushed me well past my limit.

"Stay on my good side," I warn.

"You're in a mood."

"You would be, too, if you were married and technically not living under the same roof as your husband."

"Back up the train. I'm still shooting for the love honeys. I'm not into sword slingers if you catch my drift. And I've narrowed it down to one love honey, specifically. So, now that we're up to speed on my end, what the heck are you talking about, Messenger?"

"Oliver." I give a sly smile and hold up the sparkler on my left hand.

"Effin' shit!" He barks out a laugh. "You and 44?"

My stomach pinches with heat at the mention of Gage's old jersey number.

"Me and 44." I blush as I say it. An image of Gage in his old uniform comes to me, and, for a second, I picture Logan standing right there next to him. A wave of grief washes over me, and I'm quick to submerge it. "Anyway. Things sort of suck right now." I glare up at the sky because I'm willing to bet my mother has one eye open in my direction at all times. "They suck big, hairy, celestial balls. You hear me?" I shout it just over the noise of the golf carts and the dizzying number of people swishing by on bicycles.

"So you need new digs. I gotcha." Ellis takes me by the hand and moves us toward the north side of the street as we cut through an alleyway. "So how's school? Or, more to the point-how's the nightlife? It must be rockin' pretty hard since I haven't seen your face at one of my get-togethers lately. I'm hurt, by the way."

Ellis looks beyond hurt. He looks mortally wounded, and I'm half afraid to tell him the nightlife on Host is halfway decent-if you're a student that is.

"Don't feel bad. The parties on Host suck." I hike my arm around his shoulder while trying to manufacture a single reason why this might be. "I mean, they've got blue Solo cups for Pete's sake." Seriously? That's all I've got?

His chest rattles with a dull laugh. "Effing amateurs, dude."

"I knew you'd think so." I pull him in and give him a hug. "We need you to save us, Ellis. So what do you say? Will you come to Host?"

"Nah. I got the bowling alley to run. Plus it keeps me close to G." A goofy grin spreads over his face at the mention of Giselle. They're so in love, it's beautifully sick.

"Speaking of G, keep it in your pants or the G-man is going to rip you a new one. That's Gage by the way. And you can thank me anytime you want for sparing him of the things Giselle says you're ready to do to her."

"Got it. Keep it G." His face flushes as if his balls were genuinely grateful-as they should be. He picks up speed and before I know it, we're twisting and turning up the street.

"Where are we headed?" I ask. Ellis acts as if he knows this island like the back of his hand.

"I've got the solution to your problems, Messenger." An easy grin slides over his face. "My dad owns half this island. In fact, I've got a crap load of vacancies I need filled right here."

Ellis pulls me across the street, and we land in front of an overgrown clapboard apartment complex that looks as if a bomb went off inside and blew out half the windows.

"What is this, a meth lab?" I'm hopeful.

"No, dude. It's your new home." He slings his arm over my shoulder. "This is my father's apartment building."

"Oh crap," I whisper, looking at the rundown facility. The paint is chipping so bad you'd think the entire building had suffered a third degree burn. A few windows have a huge spider-webbed bulls-eye through them as if they've taken a bullet, and, to add a touch of class, tinfoil lines the inside.

"I know, dude." Ellis slaps me on the back. "This is the shit!"

"It is shit, Ellis. Your dad is a slumlord. There's no way I'm living here."

"First month is free."

"Great. Where do I sign?"

Now that Gage and I will have a place of our own, I can finally get around to telling my mother the big news-and his mother. My stomach sours at the thought of telling Emma she's stuck with me as a daughter-in-law. It sucks to not feel wanted.

A loud bang goes off deep in the heart of the dilapidated building, and it sounded alarmingly like a gunshot.

I look up at Ellis.

"Crazy kids." He waves it off as if it were an everyday occurrence-and I get the feeling it is. "I've got a second story unit that's partially furnished. I had the sheriff serve the eviction notice just as the loser hauled out his bed."

"Nice," I muse while trying not to stare at the seedy characters hovering around the lip of the building like protective gargoyles. Three guys with dark hooded sweatshirts huddle at the base of the steps and look as if they're ready to shake down anybody brave enough to enter. "Why, yes, Ellis-I do have mace in my purse." I reason out loud. Mostly the mace was for Chloe purposes, but now that she's reached her full potential as a demon, I'm free to use it for the three douches dressed like death at the foot of the stairs.

"Dude, Gage will be with you all the time. Don't you worry your pretty little head over it." He points to a pile of junk sitting under a covered patio. "See that mattress over there?"

Oh, God, I don't like where this is going.

"I know for a fact the chick that ditched it only used it for like a week. She quit school because she missed her boyfriend," he whines, mocking her in the process. "Stiffed me an effin' month's rent." He mumbles mostly to himself. "Come on, let's haul that up to your new apartment, and you'll be all set for tonight."

"Ellis, I don't know." Just the thought of sleeping on a street mattress, covered with what I can only hope are juice stains, makes me throw up a little in my mouth.

"Stop being such a prima donna. This is the real world, Skyla. You don't just get things handed to you."

"Unless it's a urine-soaked mattress and a month's free rent," I whisper that last part. I have no intention of letting Ellis know it's doubtful we'll be there longer than thirty days-I'm wondering if we'll survive three.

A guttural thumping blares through the neighborhood as a garbled rap song pulsates from the walls.

"See? This place has soul, Skyla." He pulls me in by the waist, never taking his eyes off his father's inglorious slab of real estate. "It has a heartbeat."

"It's probably got head lice, too, but what the hell." I give a little jump. "I have a feeling Gage, and I are about to have our honeymoon." For thirty beautiful lice infested days.

The three faces of death turn to glare at us, and my blood runs cold.

A girl screams from inside one of the units, making the hair stand up on the back of my neck.

Yup, Gage and I are about to have our honeymoon for thirty dirty days-in the heart of hell.

But knowing Gage and his magical night moves, even this ramshackle salute to Hades will feel like paradise.

Gage

Rain slicks off my coat like a luge as I run up the steps to Dudley's house. Not long after my first class, I walked right out and hopped on the next ferry back to Paragon. There's no way I can keep my mind on anything other than Demetri's cryptic words. Today I need answers more than I need credit for sitting in some classroom. I pump my fist against the door, and it takes a minute before it opens.

"Gage." Ezrina stands there looking at me through Chloe Bishop's eyes. It's strange because even though I know its Ezrina, I still feel Chloe's presence as if she had left more than her body to haunt me with here on Paragon. And, unfortunately for me, I might just see the real deal in a few minutes.

I step in and find Logan sitting with Nev.

"Rough night?" He growls it out. Logan doesn't bother with hello. His clothes looked rumpled. His voice sounds like gravel, and he's grumpy. I'm guessing he's the one who had the rough night.

Nev narrows in on me. "He said there was a disgusting uproar at the Oliver residence last night. He refuses to elaborate."

Shit.

"Nice," I whisper. As if I didn't feel like a jackass already for possibly housing Fem DNA in my body. "Look, I have to get to the Transfer. Anyone up for heading to hell for a few minutes?"

"To hell with you is right," a voice booms from behind, and I turn to find Dudley standing there, dry as a bone. "You're no longer welcome in my home, be gone." He tosses up a finger as if to dematerialize me, but I hold out my hand, and a beam of light charges the space between us-nothing but a clean line of cobalt blue.

"Shit." Logan jumps over the sofa and lands by my side. "How the hell did you do that?"

Nobody moves. Nobody breathes because I have a feeling everyone in this room knows exactly how I did that.

"So it's true?" Logan's jaw pops like he might kick my ass, and, swear to God, if it is true, I might just join him.

"It's not true." I choke on the words. "Let's get to the Transfer and see what the hell Wes has to say. It's obvious Demetri is playing with smoke and mirrors, and I want to know why."

Logan holds his gaze to mine without saying anything for a minute.

"All right man." He clasps his hand down over my shoulder and pulls me into a partial hug. "Let's get some answers."

Ezrina and Nev each place a hand on my back as if we were about to beg God, himself, for mercy over my soul. Dudley shouts something in another language, and the walls crumble-Paragon turns to ash and reconfigures itself as the dark underworld of the Transfer.

The lights are out in the long, white tunnel that once housed Ezrina's chop shop. The dry desert landscape of the Transfer is blooming with a forest of tall, dark trees. Their nefarious bark is charred with red veining as if the roots were soaked in blood. The dilapidated mansion where Skyla was once held is overshadowed with a stone grey castle looming just behind it, eclipsing the mansion of its haunted glory.

Steel-colored vines coil around the base of the gargantuan structure with foot-long thorns spiking along the infernal plant. My eyes adjust to the dim light of the lavender moon, and the dappled spots that run along the border of the overgrown fortress come into focus as black roses.

"Garbage begets garbage," Ezrina gravels out.

"Roses," I whisper, staggering toward the monolithic tower. I've been dreaming of roses, seeing petals rain like blood from the sky, but I don't say anything.

Dudley knots up the back of my shirt with his fist and propels us forward until we're at the double doors that swing out like a pair of oversized coffins.

"Get the hell off." I jam my elbow into his gut, and he groans.

Logan comes up beside me as we walk right into the dank establishment. "What do you know?" he whispers.

"I know I have some bogus DNA results that link me directly to that ass**le." I point over at Wesley who's quickly making his way toward us-Chloe and her dark smile flank him on his right.

Wes doesn't say a word. He stands square in front of me, and we exchange a death stare.

"Identical genetic markers?" Ezrina circles around Logan to get a better look at me.

"Yes," I whisper.

"Oh, Gage." Chloe reaches for my cheek with those long, bony fingers.

"Don't touch me." I grit through my teeth, and she retracts her hand as if I had slapped her away.

"What do you know about this?" I ask the moron wearing my face. "It's clear this is some cosmic joke your father decided to pull out of his ass. But what I don't get is how both you and I fit into this picture."

"You're a little slow on the uptake aren't you, little bro?" Wes twitches a smile.

"Oliver." Dudley moans as if he were desperately sorry. He places his hand on my shoulder from behind. "Do what's best and part from Skyla immediately."

Little bro. Part from Skyla. The words rattle through the air like a dead man's bones.

"Gage"-Chloe closes in the gap between Wes and me, but I don't take my eyes off the bastard-"I've got your back. It will never matter to me that you are a Fem."

A Fem. Her words wash over me, welcome as a blowtorch. My mind explodes in a flurry as if she had just kicked in a beehive. Voices resonate around me at once, and I can't make them out, can't understand what the f**k anybody is saying.

Wes and those electric green eyes stay posted on mine, and I lunge past Chloe and wrap my hands around his neck. Only one thing can make this nightmare go away-ending the day with the blood of this monster on my hands.

I knock him to the ground and thrash his skull into the stone covered floor.

Arms snatch at me, trying to loosen me off his person, but my fingers dig into his flesh. His eyes bulge like grapes. His grimace tightens as I watch this perverse version of myself succumb to my own rage.

"Leave them be." A voice resonates through the chaos, cuts right through to my bones-Demetri.

I thrash Wes to the floor so hard his head gives a satisfying bounce. I climb to my feet, and Wes does the same as the two of us focus in on the demon before us.

Demetri bleeds a slow smile as if he were pleased with the scene.

I try to jump forward in an effort to kick the shit out of the bastard, but Logan holds me back.

"What the f**k is going on!" I roar it out like a lion on fire, and my voice echoes through this wicked chamber as if we were locked in the bowels of hell itself.

Demetri jerks his head back a notch, that shit-eating grin still playing on his lips. "Denial only prolongs the inevitable. You know exactly what's happened."

I shake Logan off and turn toward Ezrina. "Could he have faked the genetic markers?"

She lowers her lids to the floor. Her shoulders slump with defeat. "Never."

"Then it's true?" I ask, but Ezrina has clammed up for now. Dudley catches my eye, and a thought comes to me. My heart soars because a ray of light just blew through it. "Dudley would never have let me near Skyla if this were true. It's got to be a joke-some elaborate scheme to- " I look over at Dudley, and he lifts his chin.

"I'm sorry, Oliver. This has been withheld from me for a reason. There's nothing more I'd care for than to tell you this were not so."

"Chloe?" I turn to her in a moment of madness and despair. "Tell me it's not true."

Her eyes widen. That dark hair she wears like a curtain blows back as if she's claiming dominance.

I charge at Demetri with my hands ready to wrap around his dead little neck, and the Transfer and all of its wickedness dissolves in an instance.

Logan

The bowling alley holds a distinct odor that's about as pleasant as a locker room filled with sweaty gym socks.

"Dude." I shake Gage by the arm to bring him to. His face is bleached out, his eyes fixed ahead as if he's turned to stone. "We're back on Paragon-at the bowling alley. Just like old times, right?"

He nods toward the entrance as Brielle bops in with her hair swinging in a ponytail. She's high on life, per usual.

"My two favorite guys!" She runs at us a million miles an hour and tackle hugs us at the same time. "Well, technically, Drake and Beau are my two favorite guys but you two are old school that way." She relents from her stranglehold and looks at Gage. "Where's Skyla? Or should I say Mrs. Oliver?" She jumps back with her hand over her mouth like she might have let the cat out of the bag.

"It's okay, I know. I'm happy about it, too." And I mean it from the bottom of my heart. I spot Ellis trekking in from the rain as he takes over the counter. Personally, I'm shocked as hell that Harrison has proven so damn responsible. And with Giselle bringing in over half of West Paragon after school, this place is finally starting to break even. Who knew that Ellis and Giselle would be the shot in the arm this place needed? "What's new with you?" I try to take the weight off what just happened by focusing on Bree. God knows she's chock full of goofy news.

"Well, I'm glad you asked. Drake wants to know if we can sell his T-shirts at the bowling alley. We already have thirteen small businesses that have said yes." She gives a vigorous nod as if trying to strong-arm me into an agreement.

"No." I pinch my lips. "Maybe. Bring ten, and we'll see how it goes, but I get twenty percent of the cut."

"Logan!" She whines.

"It's not negotiable." I hold my arms open, and Brielle gives me another heartfelt hug before running back out the door. "Dude"-I turn to Gage-"you okay?"

"I'm shit." His lake blue eyes dart into mine, and I want to cry because it can't be true. Gage is more than my nephew-he's my brother in every sense of the word. "I've got to go somewhere." He runs his fingers through his hair.

"You're not going anywhere." I pull his arm down until he looks at me. "You're going to settle the hell down, and pretend like this afternoon never happened until we get more answers. We know just enough to be dangerous."

"You think the Counts are playing some wicked game?"

"I don't know. But, until I figure out how the hell this happened, I'm not going to hit the panic button. You're still you. You love Skyla, and she loves you right back."

"I'm a Fem." He lets the words glide through his lips, and I watch as they slip around his neck like a noose. "I was created in hopes that I'd have children with Skyla one day so Demetri's f**ked up lineage could claim dominion. I think we have all the answers we need." He shakes my hand off his arm. "Feel free to hit the panic button."

Crap. "We need to talk to Skyla's mother-and your mother. We need to figure out why the Decision Council would allow this to happen. Something is up. Skyla is bound to be with Dudley, she's got a future with me, and you-well, if you're what they say you are, then that allows three different beings an opportunity to create a lineage with a perfect Celestra."

Gage scans the floor as if the answers are falling at his feet, out of order, and he's desperately piecing them together.

"Skyla's not quite a perfect Celestra-her mother is a Caelestis."

"She's the perfect celestial being." I nod.

"So you think this collision course of bloodlines isn't just some coincidence."

"I think this collision course of bloodlines is evidence a whole new generation of beings are about to spring forth." Right through Skyla's uterus, but I leave that part out.

"Skyla is the key." Gage closes his eyes a moment. "Dudley is the Sector's solution to dominion-you're Celestra's new hope-and I'm the link to darkness."

I don't say anything.

It's hard to contest him when he's right.

13

Tears Over Paragon

Skyla

The fog settles over Host, haunting and languid, as if an entire legion of ghosts were strolling through the island. After my final class of the day, I head over to Gage where we usually meet-directly under the behemoth statue of Omen with his bloody, fixed gaze, a bronze fire shooting from his mouth, and I try not to soak in the irony.

Gage bursts into life through the dismal mist, and I hasten to my beautiful husband, wrapping my arms around him so tight, I momentarily forget the entire twisted conversation I had with Dudley earlier.

Gage is no dragon. Half the time I wonder if Marshall knows what the hell he's talking about.

"I missed you." I press a kiss just shy of his ear. His hair is covered with dew, and each tiny drop looks like a world of its own. I run my fingers through the slicked gloss.

The bronze rose wedged under the dragon's foot snags my attention. I had seen it-inspected it at least a dozen times in that mural on the side of the Student Union and never thought anything of it until now. The dragon and the rose. I shake the thought away.

I look back up at Gage with his dark beauty that commands so much attention against the grey day-his eyes alone bring the color to our monochromatic world.

"I have a surprise for you," I say, biting down a smile.

I take him by the hand and run him through the tiny streets, past throngs of bicycles, past the never-ending stream of students plodding to their respective dorms and apartments with their backpacks wafting in and out of the fog.

"Okay, you're not going to believe this." I pant as we cross the street to our new home. Thankfully the satanic three have deserted their post, and the fog has softened the graffiti on the side of the building to the point it resembles a muted bruise. The entire island is roaring with voices and errant laughter, so, hopefully, Gage won't think too much of the nonstop death metal blaring from the apartment beneath us. "What's the one thing we need more than anything in this world?" I ask, leading him up the steps at an accelerated pace. I'm hoping he wont notice the fact it smells as if every cat on the island has marked this staircase by way of pissing on it. I pause just shy of our new apartment and pull him in.

Gage doesn't say a word. He simply stares deep into my eyes as if he were silently offering an apology.

"Hey, you're quiet. Is something wrong?" I tighten my grip over him and gaze up at his serious navy eyes, those lips that have yet to crack a smile.

He lets out a sigh and plants a soft kiss over my mouth. "Everything feels right when I'm with you."

"Ditto." I trace his lips out with my finger, and a wave of sadness melts over me. I suck in a quick breath and banish all thoughts of dragons and roses out of my mind. I'm not dwelling on a single thing until I talk to my mother. "I think you'd better pick me up." I turn the knob and let the door squeak its way open. Ellis said he'd get a locksmith out in the morning for us. "I prefer to be carried over the threshold."

"What's this?" His brows arch in confusion as if he's just coming to. He glances around at the landscape as if we've somehow appeared from out of nowhere.

"This"-I hold my hands out as if offering a prize-"is our new apartment. Morley Harrison is our new landlord, and the first month is free-so it was kind of hard to turn down."

A smile cinches over his face-first one in the last fifteen minutes. "This is our place?"

"This is it." My heart begins to race because we've just hit another milestone in our budding relationship-a home of our own. "I hope you don't mind I went ahead-"

Gage doesn't let me finish. He scoops me into his strong arms and twirls me into the apartment with a molten hot kiss.

"I don't mind." A fierce moan growls out of him, animalistic and primal as his kisses grows that much hungrier. "I'm just sorry I didn't think of it first."

"Gage." I lock my wrists around his neck and land myself back on my feet. "Can you believe it? Thirty days, no Landon house, no-" I stop shy of singling Emma out. "Never mind, it's just you and me." I glide my fingers down his body and sink my hands into the back pocket of his jeans. "How about we implement a rule? No talking about anybody else other than me and you inside these walls."

"Deal." His lips land on mine, slow and deliberate. Gage takes his time, sweeping his tongue over mine, achingly slow and sad as a eulogy.

My phone buzzes in my jean pocket, gyrating between us. I scoop it out only to see Mom flash at the top of the screen.

Dinner at six tonight. Emma and Barron will be joining us. You will be there.

"You will be there?" I give a soft laugh. "My mom has a serious case of sleep deprivation, plus it takes her five months to compose a text. I'm sure she meant will you be there."

"Of course we'll be there." He peppers my face with airsoft kisses.

"But it's our first night." I look up at him hoping he'll forfeit the family style sit down for our own family style celebration-the kind that takes place under the sheets. Not that we have sheets.

"We can catch the last ferry." Gage touches his finger to my cheek, the look of absolute sadness igniting in his eyes. "Dinner with our families sounds nice."

"Nice? Tad will be there." I'm quick to remind him. And Emma. Did I mention Emma?

"Trust me, Tad is the least of my worries," he mutters under his breath. Gage steps back. "Look at this place." A grin blooms on his face as he slaps a hand over the dusty purple couch. The carpet is the color of rust. The kitchen is bare bones with white enameled cabinets and a counter the size of my laptop.

"Ellis helped me get a mattress for the bedroom, but, other than that, we're on our own."

"On our own." Gage pulls me in and buries his face in the crook of my neck. He inhales, taking in my scent and brushes careful kisses all the way down to my collarbone. He pulls back and lands his watery blue eyes over mine. "I love you, Skyla. Could you ever believe anything else?"

I blink into Gage and his curious words.

"No Gage, I couldn't."

"Dinner," I scoff as Gage and I walk into to the Landon house. "Don't worry, I've already amassed a list of things I plan on taking home with us." I give his hand a playful yank until his dimples go off. Gage was unusually quiet on the way over, and when I asked if anything was wrong, he mentioned he was just a little out of it today.

"Come here." He pulls me toward the staircase. The sound of happy voices emanates from the dining room, and I try to ignore then momentarily. Barron and Emma's sedan is out front, so we already know they're here. "Do you know how much I love you, Skyla?" His forehead creases as he echoes the words he said to me at the apartment.

"Maybe I don't." I try my hardest to keep a straight face. "Maybe I need you to show me." My eyes dip to his crotch a moment.

"There you two are!" Mom snips from the family room, and we speed on over. Her fists are balled up high on her hips. Her eyes slit to nothing as if she were genuinely pissed. "You're late. Dinner is getting cold."

"Someone's short on sleep," I whisper to Gage as we take our seats at the table. Barron and Emma offer brief hellos, and, to my surprise, Marshall is right here seated by my side looking lean and mean and far too attractive to be in or out of my dreams now that I'm a happily married woman.

Ms. Messenger. He gives his signature lusty leer, but I choose to ignore it. Before we leave, I'll have to remember to threaten him in the event he plans another nighttime assault. That's another thing I'll have to see my mother about. I frown over at Mom as she tucks Misty up her sweater in an effort to discretely nurse her. Not that mother, but something tells me I'd have just as much luck trying to get a logical explanation out of either one of them on the subject. Why do I get the feeling I'm completely on my own?

"Tad, why don't you say grace?" Mom nods.

"Grace." Tad burps it out so fast, Emma blesses him as if he just sneezed.

Mia and Melissa let out a simultaneous chortle. It's nice to see them getting along even if it is at Tad's expense. Boyfriends may come and go, but they'll always have Tad to commiserate over.

Bree and Drake sit across from them, and next to Drake is Emily. Emily! I perk up at the sight of her. Perfect. I plan on grilling her for dessert. I want all the dirty deets on her twisted family lineage and just what the hell that dragon has to do with anything. Who knew this day could only get better?

"Dinner is served." Mom pulls the lid off a perfectly cooked roast surrounded by hundreds of lusciously bronzed potatoes, and the entire table lets out a collective gasp at her culinary achievement.

"Mom!" Mia cries. "You've finally done it! You've finally cooked up a decent meal!"

"You're so rude," Melissa snipes. "If you really want to know why boys repel from you, it's because you don't have a filter on that pie trap."

And apparently neither does Melissa. I'm getting a little tired of her constant berating of my sweet baby sis. I hate to pick sides between them, but Melissa is making it hard to stay neutral.

"Pie trap? Are you saying I'm fat?" Mia gapes, missing the point entirely.

"Girls!" Tad barks while dishing himself a slice of pink meat and a healthy serving of starch on the side. "It's dinner with mixed company. Why don't you both shut your pie traps."

"Drake, how's business going?" Mom asks while heaping a glistening slab of beef onto Emma's plate. It would figure that she gets this whole cooking thing right the second I decide to move out.

"Fan-fucking-tastic." Drake scoops half the potatoes for himself. "I've got every store on the west side of the island carrying my Made in Paragon wear, and I've been selling out on the pier before ten every morning."

Bree nods. "At this rate, we're going to need a second shoebox to hold all that cash."

"Nah." Drake is quick to brush her off. "Just spend the shit. It's only money."

Spend the shit?

It's only money?

I glance over to Gage. How is it that Drake and Brielle are rolling in it after a few arts and crafts sessions at the dollar store, and here we are just starting the long, final leg of our scholastic careers? And, sadly, once we graduate, we'll most likely be equally unemployed, but, on the bright side, we'll have nice spiffy degrees to hang on the wall of our respective bedrooms.

I take up his hand under the table and gently rub soft circles into his palm.

Face it, Gage and I will probably be shacking up in the butterfly room for the next twenty years. For a moment I envision the two of us rolling around like bear cubs wearing nothing but our birthday suits, and I give his hand a quick squeeze.

Skyla? Marshall purrs low and mean like a lion. His vibrating pulses of delight bead up my arm like an electric current. You're holding my hand.

I gasp and jump toward Gage with my entire seat.

Holy shit. It's like I've lost my mind. Here I went to grab my husband's hand, and I went for Marshall. What the hell kind of mistake is that? It's like I can't control myself around him-much like in my dreams.

A brief image of his prehensile tongue gliding between my thighs sends my adrenaline soaring, and my entire body ignites like a flame.

Shit! I shake the thought out of my head and down the ice water set in front of me as if I were putting out a fire.

"Skyla," Mom snipes. She stretches her lips in a smile, but it looks forced.

Geez, someone is in a pissy mood. Not that I can blame her. If I had to end each day next to Tad on a mattress, I'd be in a permanent rage myself, not to mention ready to set that mattress on fire with me on it. "Do you have something to say?"

I take in a breath as all eyes fall in my direction.

"Actually..." I look to Gage while carefully picking up his hand-right here in plain view where I can actually keep track of whose limb I'm holding.

Go ahead. His dimples invert, and, holy hell, suddenly I'm wishing the last place on earth we were is in a room full of people-especially these people.

"We have some special news." I swallow hard as I take one final look around at the blank faces staring back at me. My body singes with heat. Every inch of me pulsates with the beat of my thumping heart. The room sways, and I feel as if I might pass out. This is it. It's really happening. This very next sentence is going to change everything. Both Gage and I will forever be thought of in a different light.

Mom's arm spikes through the air, waving an envelope back and forth like the white flag of surrender. God, maybe she's called us all here because she's filed for divorce? You hear all the time about people throwing divorce parties-and, God knows, Mom is always up for a good shindig. But Tad doesn't look like he's in on it. And I doubt an ambush dissolution is Mom's style.

"Does this have anything to do with your special news?" She spits it out with vim and vinegar because, holy hell, she is pissed to high heaven.

I cut a quick glance to Emma who looks equally dissatisfied with me, but it's tough to gauge if she's in on my not-so-little secret because she's usually ticked at me in general these days.

"Honestly, Skyla? Is this how you wanted me to find out?" Mom goes off in a rage trying to extricate something from the poor envelope she's unwittingly shredding. She plucks out a small credit card size piece of plastic and shakes it at me in her balled up fist. "The DMV, Skyla?" The entire house shakes with the echo of her voice.

Oh crap. She does know.

"Circumventing my mail is a federal offense," it belts out of me unexpected as I lunge over Gage and snatch the tiny piece of plastic from her clutches.

"You know what else should be a federal offense?" Mom tests the sound barrier with her howl. "Doing important things behind other people's backs!"

I sink in my seat and stare down at the tiny card. It's my driver's license. Same picture, but they've updated my name, Skyla Oliver.

A warm feeling washes over me as I give a tiny smile. It's finally real. All these weeks I've been hiding behind who I was, and here it is in black in white-Skyla Oliver.

"Skyla?" Emma shakes me out of my momentary trance. "Gage, what's happening?" She scoots back in her seat as though she might vomit.

The shit is so about to hit the fan. The smile glides right off my face, and suddenly I feel like swimming all the way back to Host-back to that lice-riddled apartment to get my groove on with my not-so-new husband.

"Skyla and I eloped." Gage says it calm, unfettered by the fact neither of our mother's are breathing at the moment. "Over a month ago."

Audible gasps circle the room.

"Skyla!" Mia balks. "What the hell are you thinking?" Her mouth falls open with outrage. "I wanted to be in your wedding! I would have dressed up like a three-year-old going to a dance recital for you!" Tears swell up in her eyes, and a spear of pain lances my heart right down the middle. "I'm so sick of all your shitbaggery!"

Shitbaggery? Is that what all the kids are saying now days?

"And I would have liked to have been there," she roars, pissed to hell at my questionably good news.

"That makes two of us." Mom spits it out while shooting me with her venomous stare, but Emma sits stoically silent because, God knows, she's the last person who would have wanted to witness the event.

Marshall lifts his glass. "It looks to me as if congratulations are in order."

"You said you wouldn't do this to me, Skyla." Mom barrels right over Marshall's polite proposal.

"I'm with the teacher." Tad lifts his cup. "Congrats to the Olivers." He nods towards Emma and Barron. "You got another kid off your back."

Mom smacks him in the arm, and water rains from his glass.

"No one is celebrating around here." Mom clutches onto the edge of the table so hard her knuckles turn white.

"Lizbeth"-Barron implores-"surely you've been in love."

Emma starts in and soon the entire room erupts in one maddening hum.

"Would you look at that?" Marshall glances at the nonexistent watch on his wrist. "It's past my bedtime." He leans in and glares at Gage. "So glad to have seen the show." He tweaks my knee, and a warm vibration strums straight toward that sweet spot between my thighs, and I'm quick to shut my legs. "It's a fine night to spill secrets," he glares over to Gage. "Tread lightly." He looks to me. "You know where I live."

"What does that mean?" I try to snatch him back, but Marshall shoots for the door like a bullet. Obviously he thinks Gage and I will be homeless after this fiasco, and if it weren't for Ellis, he'd be right. But we won't have to worry about crashing with Marshall, we have a place to call our own-for the next thirty days.

The sound of garbled voices escalates and, before I know it, Emma shouts out something about "you people," and Mom huffs an incredulous "in your little Miss Priss dreams." Not too surprisingly things have gone to hell rather quickly.

Gage's dimples invert. His lids hang heavy as if he can't take a minute more. "Get me out of here," he whispers.

I lean into his ear. "Only if you promise to give me a good time."

His chest thumps with a silent laugh as he gives my hand a gentle squeeze. Any way you like it-all night long.

"And on that note!" I spring out of my seat taking Gage with me. "We'll see you all later." I mumble something about a test in Professor Dudley's class as we detangle ourselves from the table.

"Wait"-Barron calls after us-"congratulations are in order."

"Are they?" Emma belts out, and the buzzing in the room picks up again.

Emily gets up to refill the baby's bottle, and I intercept her in the kitchen.

"I need to talk to you."

"Speak." She grumbles without cutting a smile. She's Ezrina-ish that way, and, honestly, I appreciate it on some level.

"I need to know what that dragon means to your family. What connections do you have to Host?"

Em pauses from rinsing out the bottle. The water streams over her hand as she gives a dead stare into the night. The driving rain blurs against the window like a dream.

Gage comes up behind me and presses a quick kiss to my cheek. "I'll wait in the truck."

"Be right there." I reach back and touch his stubble, melting in the process. "I still melt for you-you know that?"

"I'm glad." A dimple twitches on his left, and, holy hell, do I feel like the luckiest girl on the planet right now. "I'll always melt for you, Skyla."

He takes off and my eyes drop below his waist. Gage looks good both coming and going.

"Gage?" Barron calls, but Gage ditches out the door without so much as a goodbye to his parents. Strange.

I turn back, and Emily is still staring out the window with her eyes as vacant as a doll's. God, it's like she fell into a trance.

"Em?"

Baby Ember gives a wild cry, and Emily snaps to attention, assembling the bottle and taking off without saying a word.

My mother's argumentative voice clashes with Emma's, and I make a beeline toward the hall. I pluck a couple of flat sheets from the linen closet just as Mia latches onto my shoulder.

"Wait, Skyla, there's something I have to tell you."

"What's up?" I tuck a loose curl behind my sister's ear. She's so beautiful and vulnerable. I want to tell her to wait on everything-to not breathe until I've had a chance to sit her down and tell her all the things I've learned in my own short life. No reason for us both to make the same mistakes.

"You're what's up," she whispers while pulling me toward the entry. "And thanks a lot for bothering to include the rest of us in on your big day. Some of us still care about you."

"God, Mia, I'm so sorry." I pull her into a strong hug, and it's all I can do not to cry. I miss Mia on so many levels. It feels like years have passed since we last talked, not weeks. "I promise you, I'll come by in a few days, and we'll do coffee."

"Save it." She pushes my arms off her. "I know how your promises work. I just wanted to let you know that the Counts have put out an all points bulletin, inviting any and everyone to defect."

"Defect? Are you talking about the Steel Barricade?"

"The one and only. Halloween night, we cast our vote whether or not we join the endeavor."

"What do you mean cast your vote?" It's not like every Count in the world could be present at once. Obviously, this is small potatoes. Probably just some ragtag group of defectors right here on Paragon. For a second I envision Morley Harrison and Arson Kragger flanking Wesley, with all three dressed in some pre-colonial garb, and strangely enough each of them holds a wind instrument.

"It's a spirit vote-first of its kind."

"What the hell is a spirit vote?"

"We'll be contacted in a waking dream and asked whether or not we want to join. Skyla, they said if we don't, we'll be siding with the enemy and that the enemy is about to be served a fate worse than death."

Figures. They've moved onto scaring teenage girls.

Waking dream? Logan has had the ability to come into my dreams right from the beginning. It must be some hidden Count talent. It wouldn't surprise me if they had an entire bag full of tricks they haven't let on about.

"Have you had this 'waking dream?'"

Her denim blue eyes widen. "Yes."

"Then we can take them to court for treason against the factions. The Justice Alliance will put a stop to all this Steel Barricade nonsense."

She gives a nervous look over my shoulder, and I follow her gaze to Melissa.

"Skyla, listen to me. Please, whatever you do, you can't say anything. And most of all, you can't say that I told you. There's no way to trace a waking dream." She clears her throat as Melissa approaches. "I beg of you"-her voice picks up in octaves-"get Mom to give me your old room because I can't stand another minute of her bullshit."

"I can hear you." Melissa sneers as she runs up the stairs like the hooves of a thousand horses beating against the carpet.

"Yeah, and your boyfriend cheats," Mia shouts up after her.

"Mia, that's terrible."

She makes a face. "It's true, but she won't listen. Anyway, heads up, okay?" She walks past me just as the voices escalate from the kitchen and head in this direction.

I ditch out of the house into the rain and run all the way down the driveway where Gage waits for me.

Chloe's words roll through my mind like a marble.

Well-placed boyfriend, well-placed boyfriend, well-placed boyfriend.

It goes off like a chant I can't switch off.

I look to Gage, and a shiver runs through me.

He's my prince-my dragon-my well-placed boyfriend.

God and my mother both know the truth-but neither of them are talking.

A flicker goes off in the forest just shy of the property. A quivering wormhole opens with a yawn, like a portal to some other world despite the rain. Chloe emerges from the mouth and lights up the woods with her wicked eminence. She's crossing every inter-dimensional line in the book-clawing ahead, leaps and bounds, with her powers. Chloe gleams like an onyx stone-subterranean, Satanic.

Skyla she holds out her hand and calls to me like a song in the night.

Chloe Bishop is willing to sing like a bird.

But something in me says I'm better off not knowing the truth.

At least not tonight.

Gage

Rain pours over the windshield in uneven sweeps like buckets of tears from the eyes of God.

What a disappointment I had become. In one fatalistic moment, everything I thought I knew was unhinged.

I glance up at the Landon house as it fades into the night like a blur, a bad dream, and shake my head.

Too bad I didn't have the balls to face my parents after the big news, but, ironically, it had nothing to do with any news Skyla and I shared and everything to do with the big bad news I received today. Shit news.

I still don't believe it, but the fact Dudley seems convinced-the fact Ezrina herself didn't think my genetic markers could be tampered with, puts a pretty damn convincing nail in the coffin. Not to mention this onslaught of unexplained powers. Sadly, it all makes sense.

A jag of lightning goes off, igniting the landscape like the negative to some old haunted photograph. At some point I'll end up doing just that to Skyla-shocking her world with an unexpected jolt of pain-one large electrocution, big enough to stop both our hearts from beating. But when? Tonight? It's not exactly something I want to shout from the rooftop. There's still a chance someone could have tampered with my blood sample. These new powers could simply be temporarily gifted from Demetri to prove a point. And I've yet to talk to my mother.

It's not like I'm in a hurry to ruin the first night in our new apartment. I shouldn't be stressing out over how Demetri duped everyone into believing I'm a Fem. I should be ecstatic about spending the night alone with my brand new wife-just the two of us, in peace, with nothing to stop us from loving each other exactly the way we want. Not one blood relation within a twenty-foot vicinity to make us hold back, not that Skyla held back last night. Can't blame her. There were plenty of times I've wanted to unleash and had to swallow down those groans, but not tonight. I don't see why I need to ruin our good time with my piece of crap news. At least not until it's verified to me from some other source-I glance up at the watery sky.

"You hear me, Candace? Because if you do, there are a few things I wouldn't mind you walking me through." I press my head into my seat and close my eyes. I already know how this is going down. If I don't tell Skyla myself, she'll find out, most likely from Chloe. Then Skyla will wonder if I was ever going to tell her-if I was a big fake right from the beginning. And that small chain of events is just enough to send our relationship-our marriage into a death spiral.

I wonder at what point not telling her turns into me playing along with Demetri's wicked scheme? I wonder how much darkness really owns me and what evil I'm capable of if I were to truly unhinge. If I throw myself off Devil's Peak, will I morph into a bat and fly away unharmed? Does death even wait for me?

The truck shakes as Skyla hops in. Water beads off her jacket as she pulls back her hood, and her curls spring around her face untouched by the rain.

"Our secret is out," she huffs through a smile as she buckles herself in beside me. "It's me and you, Gage-forever." She leans in and kisses me square on the lips.

I pull back with sleepy eyes, trying to mask the tears.

"Forever," I echo as I maneuver the truck back onto the road and the rain lets up. It sounded despondent, depleted coming from my lips as if it were the last thing I believed.

But nothing could be further from the truth.

"I believe in us Skyla," I say, gripping the wheel.

To hell with the Fems and all their twisted logic.

I'm not like them-never will be.

In my heart, I'll always be a Levatio married to the girl of my dreams.

That's my reality.

That's what I choose to believe.

But Wesley's little bro taunt comes back to me. Dudley's words resonate like a gong-part from Skyla. They spin through my mind on repeat until we drive down to the dock and board that last ferry-home. I can never get used to being anybody's son other than Barron and Emma Oliver's.

I wrap my arms around Skyla as we drift into the night-the fog opens its mouth and swallows the entire ferry whole.

Going home with Skyla-now that's something I can get used to.

"Can you believe this?" Skyla laughs as we dive deeper through the narrowed streets of Host, sinking in the fog as if it were quicksand. "We're official." She pulls my hand over her mouth and plants a warm kiss across my knuckles. "And we have our very first place."

"We have each other." I swore the second we stepped off that ferry I would leave all things Fem and Demetri back on Paragon. Tonight is about freedom, about promises we made to each other, about pleasure. And if there's any pain at all-that should probably stem from pleasure, too.

Skyla pulls me in at the base of the stairs of our new apartment building. A few windows glow an eerie pumpkin orange-scratchy bass pours from somewhere deep in the structure as if a giant were belching out the tunes.

The fog dances around Skyla as the moon praises her with its beams, creating an iridescent halo around her perfect form.

"You're my angel." I land my lips over hers and linger.

"Yeah?" She moans, tracking her wet kisses right up to my ear. "I'm sort of hoping you'll show me the devilish side of you tonight."

A dull laugh begs to drum from my chest, but I strangle it down.

"I'm feeling a little wicked these days," I moan. "Let's do this."

I let her head up the stairwell first and enjoy the view as she takes the steps two by two. Skyla is lean and toned. She has the body of an athlete without even trying. If Skyla is in the mood to wrestle it out in bed, I'm down for that.

She pauses just shy of the last step, and I look over her shoulder to find some buffed out, tatted up, ratted out looking dude smoking a blunt.

"What's the magic word?" He winks over at Skyla as the stench of weed envelops us in a cloud.

"It's get the f**k out of our way," I growl, a little more pissed than necessary.

"Gage." Skyla turns and shakes her head just enough. "Is that any way to talk to our new neighbor?" She turns back to the stoner who's probably looking to meet his knifing quota for the night. "Please excuse my husband." She giggles when she says it like she might be stoned, too. "He's totally nice, once you get to know him. Trust me, Gage is all bark and no bite. He's like a little puppy-not a teacup Chihuahua or anything, more like one of those blue-eyed Huskies that can totally kill the ladies with just one look."

I give her hips a squeeze because, really, what can I say to contest that?

The ganja-sniffing moron gives a slight huff. "All right, girl-what's your name?"

"Skyla. Skyla Mess-Oliver." She glances back at me. Her paper white teeth dig into that lush bottom lip of hers. "Nice to meet you-"

"We're done talking." I pull Skyla in and step between her and the asswipe that I'm about to try out one of my newly gifted powers on.

"Whoa." He hikes his leg out over the narrow walkway blocking our path. "Not so fast." He takes a hit, and the tip of his joint glows molten red, like my temper. "The name's Rev."

"Right-like a preacher." She's placating him now, and it makes me happy on some level.

He narrows into her, the whites of his eyes shinning like glass. "Like Revenge. You might say my mother had a wicked sense of humor"-he looks to me and glares-"still does."

"Join the club." Skyla says, making her way past him, and I follow before he throws me down the stairs and makes it look like an accident. "Enjoy your night!"

"Enjoy your little bitch," he says it low for my ears only, and I give him the finger behind my back. I'm not feeling as charitable as Skyla tonight. He's the last moron on earth I would have paused to have a polite conversation with. But that's what I love about Skyla-no mater how bad her day went, she can always manage a smile for someone.

Skyla twists the knob, and the door falls open.

I scoop her up in my arms and carry her over the threshold again.

"Did you have a key?"

"Ellis said he'd take care of it in the morning." She peppers my face with a flurry of kisses. "But I do have this." She pulls something from her coat and holds it up victoriously. "Two flat sheets, and they're both dry as a bone."

"They won't be when we're through with them." I twirl my tongue in her ear, and Skyla lets out a satisfied groan.

My hand slaps over the wall until I come across the light switch. I'd like to get us to the bedroom without inflicting a concussion on either one of us. My fingers fumble over the switch and nothing happens.

"Let me guess, no electricity?"

"Ellis mentioned something about me transferring everything into my name. Sorry." She sighs into me. "Looks like we'll have to fight it out in the dark."

"Sounds good. But be warned, I don't plan on fighting fair tonight."

"I hope that's a promise." She takes a gentle bite out of my lower lip as I navigate us to the bedroom. I push open the door only to land us in the bathroom, the scent of mold and urine biting through our nostrils. I head into the next room, and Skyla leaps out of my arms. The moon streams in a fair amount of light as she tosses the sheets over the mattress lying on the floor.

That wall around my thoughts is stealth. I don't think I'll ever let it down again, especially knowing that the worst-case scenario just might have come true.

I flick off my shoes, and before I can get to my jeans, Skyla is right back by my side doing the honors for me.

"You mind?" she whispers.

"By all means." I lift my arms, and she pulls and yanks until I'm standing in front of her with nothing but my made in the Fem factory hardware pointing right at her. I shake the Fems out of my head once again. Nope, they're not allowed to infiltrate this moment. Another war had erupted today, this time in my mind, but I'm not taking that one on right now. In fact, the only battle I plan on waging is right there on that makeshift bed.

I pull her sweater off while Skyla shakes down her jeans. We land onto the mattress with a thump. It's nothing but springs and squeaks, which should make for an interesting next few hours.

"Okay, so this isn't a luxury cruise." She gyrates over the hard-as-hell mattress, and it sings a song all on its own.

"Come here." I roll on top of her, locking my lips to hers. "You're a luxury cruise."

"Lucky for you, the buffet is open all night long-especially since we don't have classes tomorrow."

"I can get used to going to school just three days a week." Two extra mornings to linger in bed with Skyla is never a bad deal. I dip a hot kiss onto her neck. "In fact, I'm liking it a lot."

"It likes you, too." The moonlight kisses her skin far more intimately than I've ever had the pleasure. "You're the hottest guy on campus, Gage." She swallows hard like maybe it's not a good thing. "I hope I'll always be enough for you."

"Are you kidding?" I cover her mouth with mine and explode into her with the thrust of my tongue-desperate and hungry-praying to God I'll be enough for her once the truth shakes out. You're everything to me, Skyla. You'll always be enough. There's only you for me. I swear, I was made to worship at your feet. I can feel it.

I stiffen over her for a moment. I meant every word and now, knowing what I do, it sounds horrific, as if I were simply slapped together on some assembly line and programed to fall head over heels for this beautiful girl that I was lucky to make my wife.

I promise you, I am one hundred percent genuine. There isn't a false bone in my body. My love is true as God.

"Of course, you are." Her lids flutter open as she presses back to get a look at me in the shadows.

I reach down and help slide off her panties-unhook her bra before removing it with my teeth. My lips trace over her flesh as I bury my face in her chest. Skyla holds the scent of vanilla roses, if there is such a thing. My body is gearing up for the long haul tonight. I want to have Skyla in every last inch of this dump that Harrison generously gifted us. It's only then I remember something on par with the fact I just might be a Fem.

I glance up and whisper, "You wouldn't happen to have any protection-do you?" And there it is-the buzzkill for the evening.

"Gage." She chokes out my name as if she were crying. "Please don't tell me we don't have any."

"Then I won't." I get to the task of grazing playfully over her soft as hell pillow-like mound. Skyla tastes like hot cinnamon in my mouth.

"It's just one night." Her lungs deflate. "I'm set to start in a few days, so I'm way past ovulation." She's reasoning it out. "Plus, I hear it never happens the first time around."

Skyla wants me to dive right in.

Demetri's ugly mug flashes through my mind as if he's finally about to get what he wants. Judging by how far that ass**le went to drop me off in this very position, I'm willing to bet my swimmers have the ability to break through any ovulation barrier on night one.

"We'd better be careful." I'm keeping the boys in check. There's no way I'd even chance it.

Skyla drills her tongue into my mouth as if this, right here, is our very last kiss-and judging by the trajectory my life has taken, it just might be. Her skin rakes over mine, hot as coals, her hips already writhing beneath me.

My hands run wild over her body. Skyla has curves for miles. Her long, lean legs wrap around my back, and that moist, heated part of her rubs up against my dick.

"Shit," I mutter, tightening my grip on her with an urgency that scares me on a primal level. Skyla lets out a groan and pulls my mouth harder over hers as our bodies mold together like wax. This is it-our last night living in this delusion-living in the bliss of who we thought we were. My insides shake to have her. A cold sweat breaks out all over me at once. Gage Oliver has left the building. He's watching from the ceiling as this desperate monster I've become devours her. I hold her face to mine, greedy, uncaring of any horrific outcome that our actions might bring because all I want is one more night to be with-be in-the girl I love.

There's not enough self-control on the planet.

Skyla reaches down and guides me in.

"Just for a second," she pants in my ear.

My body presses into hers, slowly. Skyla gives my dick a squeeze from the inside, strong as love and death. A groan rips from me loud enough to peel the paint off the walls.

"Gage," Skyla shouts, digging her nails into my back, pushing me further inside her.

I give a few good thrusts as an entire heated inferno envelops us. Flames from the fire of our lust rise ever higher, and the only two beings in all creation that exist right now are Skyla and me.

"Gage. Gage. Gage!" She shouts so loud, her voice reverberates off my skin.

I'd be lying if I didn't admit to it setting something off deep inside me. This is the moment I was made for-loving Skyla exactly in this manner is what I was created for-outside of this, there are no other truths. It's Skyla and me forever. We were meant to be. I can feel it right down to the marrow in my bones.

I give one thrust after another as my heart hammers over her chest. I can't control it. There's no turning back. I let out a roar that carries for miles as the world around us claps into darkness.

Logan

Rain falls like oil, slicking the streets with its greased rivers. The truck skids sideways, three times, on the way to the Gas Lab while the evergreens lash back and forth as if nature itself were protesting some great malfeasance.

"Dude, there aren't any girls here," Liam bitches as we get out and duck inside.

"There's a girl." I nod over to Ezrina as we take off our jackets.

"Not for me. And I don't know about you, but the last thing I want to do is shove a hose full of air up my nose."

"Then have some coffee."

"I'll do better than that." He pulls out his phone and starts texting. The one thing Liam isn't complaining about is modern conveniences.

The Gas Lab holds the scent of fresh brewed coffee and hot glazed donuts. For the first time in a long time I'm actually looking forward to grabbing a bite in this place.

I head over and take a seat at the bar where Nev and Ezrina are hunched over a laptop.

"What's going on?" I ask, noting an array of knives and cleavers laid out around her. I'm betting all those sharpened blades make her feel at home.

"Working for him." Ezrina continues pecking at the keyboard without looking up.

"Working for who?" I look to Nev for help. If Ezrina ever hopes to integrate into society, she's going to have to start by using whole sentences.

"Wesley." Nevermore's jaw tightens. I've seen his predecessor, Pierce Kragger, offer me that exact grimace on more than one occasion.

"Catering a party for the Counts?" Nothing would surprise me. "Make sure you lace the oxygen with nerve gas."

Ezrina growls. "Genetics tracing compounds."

"Tracing compounds?" I pull her back by the elbow. "What the hell does Wes have you doing?"

"Please"-Nevermore kindly removes my hand-"refrain from touching my ladylove." His eyes squint with the warning. "Ezrina has been commissioned to find a way to hide the genetic markers that identify the Nephilim people. The five factions share one extraordinary key. It's unnoticeable to humans because quite frankly they have no idea what to look for."

"So we're marked." I nod into the idea. "And he wants the ability to remove this indelible stain from our bloodlines." Wes is up to something, and, if I were a betting man, I'd say the government was a part of his grand plan. "Barron knows what the markers look like. Dr. Flanders knows. A hell of a lot of people know what the markers are. Ask them."

"I know what they look like. I was the first to discover them." Ezrina sighs into the screen, and I peer over to see a magnified image of blood cells. "The identifying markers Dr. Oliver and Dr. Flanders can find are linked to an alphabetical orientation that reads like a genetic code. Although, it is the proper ID of a Nephilim, it can easily be mistranslated as malformed nucleic acid."

I sit stunned by the sheer volume of words Ezrina just unleashed in one sitting. That was quite the alphabetic assault.

"In English," I say. "What the hell are you doing for Wes and why?"

Ezrina looks up. Her eyes lit like a blaze. "What the hell am I doing?" She gravels it out like a threat. "I am helping my people live to see another day."

Nev leans in. "Master Wesley approached Rina and asked if there were any way to hide the genetic codes, should the information fall into the wrong hands."

"That makes no sense. You just said they wouldn't know what to look for-that it was nucleic acid. Essentially the codes are already hidden."

Nev glances around before leaning in further. "He knows Ezrina's link to Celestra-to Skyla. He's simply testing her abilities. We think he may have already found a way to mask the genetic code and plans on using this to his advantage."

"His advantage?"

A girl cackles in the corner, and I turn to find a vamped up Michelle Miller wrapping her arms around my brother. Emily and Lexy are with her, and Lex offers a spastic wave in my direction. I give a brief nod before turning back to Ezrina and Nev.

"I don't get it."

"Heathcliff." Ezrina closes the laptop and looks to Nev impatiently-but I have a feeling her impatience lies with me.

Nev takes over. "Wesley has vowed to protect all Counts who side with him in the Steel Barricade. They have until the end of the week to make this grave decision. Those who choose not to stand with him will be cast aside along with the enemy."

"He'll never rule the factions." The Justice Alliance won't allow it. "It's a pipe dream."

"Something tells me he's not interested in ruling the factions." Nev wraps an arm around Ezrina's shoulders, and the two of them stare at me with their long, morbid faces. "He's more interested in dismantling them."

"Dismantling?" Crap. "Of course. If there are no factions, he and his band of cowards rule the roost."

"Exactly." Ezrina's eyes narrow in on mine. "Now tell me, Logan, what do you think Wesley wants with a hidden genetic code?" Her lips tighten because she already knows.

I close my eyes. "To protect those within the Steel Barricade." A thought comes to me. "Nev said you think he's already done this. I don't get it. If that's true, why have you on a mission to try and hide the code?"

Ezrina bleeds a necrotic smile, and for a moment I see Chloe's wickedness lurking in the background.

"Oh, young Oliver." A dark laugh gurgles from her. "If I cannot find a way to hide the Nephilim markers then Wesley has nothing to fear. I am the best. Wesley knows this."

"If you're the best and you can't come close to hiding jack shit, then what the hell do we have to fear?"

Ezrina turns toward the large front window as rain presses against the glass soft as tears. "There is one just as knowledgeable as me. He shares Wesley's thirst to destroy Celestra. Heaven help us if he's able to cloak the Counts."

"Who is this person?"

"You've met him." Nev bears into me. "He was your spirit guide in the tunnels."

"Ingram? That piece of glowing shit?"

Ezrina picks up the cleaver next to her and hoists it back before launching it at the oversized picture window at the front of the store.

The Gas Lab reverberates with the sound of shattering glass. The window has spider-webbed into a thousand miniature pebbles with the hatchet still embedded in the center, the handle flexed up toward the ceiling.

Ethan walks in, and his jaw unhinges. "Effen' cool! Keep up the good work, Rina." He gives a thumbs up before heading to the back where Liam sits with the girls.

I turn to Ezrina, her face as pale as stone, her eyes ablaze with fury. It's clear that her long departed other half is capable of eclipsing her scientific abilities, and the mere mention of the fact infuriates her. I'll have to use this to Celestra's advantage.

I slip a set of keys across the counter. They belong to the house I built for Skyla. The one I wish she would live in so that in some small way I can feel like I'm doing something to keep her safe and warm even if I'm not the one sleeping next to her at night.

"I've got a state of the art lab that says you can find a way to hide that genetic code before that information ever gets into the Counts' hands." A smile curves on my lips, but I won't give it. "You're not going to let Ingram destroy Celestra once and for all, are you?"

Her nostrils flare. Her eyes widen with a revenged based fury that can only propel her to do great things for our kind.

"Ingram is taunting you," I whisper. "He thinks he finally has an edge over you." I lean in. "Prove him wrong."

Ezrina slaps her hand over the keys and strangles them.

Ingram and Wesley will never know what hit them.

And if Ezrina doesn't find that code before they do, the rest of the factions won't know what hit them either.

14

Wild Abandon

Skyla

The universe warps and pulls until I'm spit out onto the rolling green lawn of the ethereal plane-a blade of grass spiking up my nostril. I sit up and sneeze three times in a row.

"I'd bless you but I'm afraid I'm too angry to mean it." My mother's voice barrels over me like the heat from a nuclear wind. "Rise."

I jump to my feet and glance around, still slightly disoriented as to how I got here. To my surprise I'm robed in a bath of light, and thankfully so since I'm not too keen on showing off my bare assets to anyone other than Gage.

The three goofs that flank my mother sit on their invisible thrones above the lake, glowering at me. Candace Messenger, the woman who I will probably never refer to as mommy, speeds over with her hair blown back, her sharp features etched into a hard look of rage.

"What were you thinking?" she hisses, and for the first time my mother looks a whole lot more like an angry teenager than a wise woman of the Decision Council. "Are you prepared to be a parent? Do you realize I have very little jurisdiction to have pulled you from the situation? I could be tried for treason." Her words slit harsh and jagged like a rusted blade.

I lean in with a rage of my own brewing in my heart. "Do you realize I've been waiting to speak with you?"

She inches back and gives a quick blink.

"You've been avoiding me, haven't you?" I dig a finger into her chest.

"Skyla." She takes up my hand, but I yank it right back. "I realize there are things we need to discuss."

"Like why the hell does Chloe Bishop get to globe trot when I thought we had locked her in the armpit of the universe? And what the hell does that dragon have to do with Gage?"

She swallows hard. The veins in her neck quiver like snakes.

"Skyla, has Chloe been a burden to you?"

"Oh my, God." I suck in a never-ending breath. "Do you even realize what it is you're saying?"

"Yes, I realize you have a history-"

"Lizbeth and I have a history. Chloe and I have a deep-seated hatred for one another that only death by fire or permanent banishment can cure. What's the matter with you? Are you in your right mind?"

"The future is fluid to an extent. People-decisions can change things. Do you remember me telling you this?"

"Skyla?" A familiar voice calls from behind, and I turn to find my worst nightmare coming true-Chloe Bishop herself. "Have you come for a visit?"

"What the hell is she doing here?" My mouth falls open because for one, it feels as though I've just been hit with a ton of bricks made entirely of shit.

"What are you doing here?" Mom looks panicked, and, holy crap, if my mother can't control Chloe Bishop we're all in trouble.

Chloe latches onto my arm like a desperate leech about to have her belly sliced open. Now that's one happy ending I can wrap my head around. "Skyla, you have to listen. Trust me-you don't want to banish me. I promise, I will tell you everything." She darts her wicked gaze to my mother for a second. "She'll never tell you what she's done, Skyla-she won't fess up."

"Be gone." My mother raises her fingers and Chloe's body bursts into a billion microscopic pieces that buzz around me like a swarm of angry bees.

I hold my breath in the event Chloe tries to worm her way into my system. Evidently nothing is beyond her grasp. I wouldn't put it past her to nestle in my vagina and wait for Gage.

"See?" I point hard at the arid space she's left behind. "Her leash is far too long. I thought the terms of our agreement were to keep her bound in the Transfer for all eternity?"

"The terms of our agreement were to give her Ezrina's punishment. The Counts dictate where she's bound. Ezrina was free to roam the earth, as well as the ethereal plane as long as her captors allowed it. When I punished Ezrina and sent her to the Transfer I gave the Counts free reign over her comings and goings." She leans in. The muscles in her jaw clench as if I had exasperated her. "Her punishment stipulated servitude to the Counts. She is a charge of the Countenance." She reiterates as if to make things as clear as that crystalline lake behind her. "I knew they would be lenient." She gives a little laugh as though it were common knowledge.

"Holy crap." I throw my neck back, and a cry escapes me because, dear God, I think I've just been bested by Chloe once again.

"Of course, I am your mother-and, as the overseer, if you see her as a threat to your personal safety-"

"Yes!" I shout so loud the water ripples straight through to the falls.

"Skyla." She gives a sly smile as if she's keeping something from me-and she probably is. "Banishment of this type would ensure you have no access to Chloe nor she to you. It would be a variant of the protective hedge. Binding spirits are involved."

"Chloe must smell this coming from a mile away. She's been after me for weeks to keep her around. She's even promised to tell me secrets she thinks not even you would let me in on." I put air quotes around the word secrets, but I think we both know I'm patronizing her. "Now, are you ready to answer my questions?"

Her pale eyes settle over mine, and it's like looking in a mirror.

"You, my love, came very close to allowing Gage to plant new life in your womb."

"You, my love, are skirting the question. The dragon-what does it have to do with Gage?"

Her features harden. Her lids slit to nothing.

"Do you love him?"

"Do I love Gage? I think we're back to you being out of your mind." I take a step in until we're just about nose-to-nose. "I love Gage Oliver as much as you love toying with my life. I love him more than anything in this universe. I would sacrifice the world and everything in it just to have him. And I'll make sure death comes nowhere near him for the next several decades. He's mine, and there's not a soul who could ever take him away."

"Very well." She raises a hand and the ethereal plane evaporates in a lavender fog.

"Wait! You didn't answer my question!"

"Yes-you love Gage. Let me put it in words you can understand; you answered your own damn question."

I land back in my bed and feel around for Gage, but he's gone. The room holds the scent of spring flowers and stale pizza. Oddly enough it smells startlingly familiar. The moon casts a shadow along the wall, and I catch a glimpse of my four-poster bed with the canopy on top. I'm in my old bedroom right back on Paragon.

Candace Messenger doesn't make a mistake. She wanted to separate me from Gage-my own husband-by an entire body of water.

"Very funny, mother," I whisper, leaning over to turn on the light.

The cool comforter washes across my skin, and I peer down only to confirm that I'm naked as the day I was born. At least my clothes are still with Gage. Speaking of Gage, I'll have to borrow Mia's phone and text him.

Chloe wafts through my mind like the wily horned devil she is.

And, after I send my sweet husband a quick message, I think I'll take the Mustang for a drive-right through the granite wall at the base of Devil's Peak. It's the only portal I know of that will land me right in the pit of hell-otherwise known as the Transfer.

It's time to end a few mysteries, and, as fate would have it, the only one willing to help me do so is the devil herself.

I send a text to Gage and let him know I'd be home in the morning. Home. Everything in me warms at the sound of that.

I drive through miles of crystalline Paragon fog, white as a blizzard. It's so dense, it's a wonder I don't drive off the side of the cliff, let alone through it. I carefully maneuver the Mustang to the base of Devil's Peak and give a momentary satisfied smile as I land over the exact spot where Chloe's shallow grave once sat. I rev the engine a few times before throwing it back into drive and slamming my foot to the floorboard. It's time to defy gravity, and, hopefully, a few dimensional planes.

The Mustang lurches forward, picking up speed like a jet engine ready for flight. The mountain of granite fast approaches like a shadow staining the sapphire sky. It comes at me with its looming ferocity as if it were charging me, not the other way around. The Mustang comes up on it, and my voice saws through the virginal silence of the island like a chainsaw hacking through the night.

The Mustang gyrates and quivers, and for a brief moment that wonderful vibrating feeling that only Marshall can exude runs through me like a pleasing electrocution. For a second I'm dumbfounded that I didn't bother to bring him with me.

The Mustang thumps down on the depressive cracked soil of the Transfer, and I let out a breath of relief.

On second thought, Marshall would have tried to talk me out of such a stupid, stupid idea. I drive down toward the haunted mansion as far as I can without running over an entire mob of frenzied dead Counts with their yesteryear fashions.

"The hoops skirts, the handlebar mustaches"-I mutter as I get out of the car-"obviously they're being punished for fashion crimes." I make my way toward the dilapidated mansion, the very one that Demetri himself duplicated on Paragon, albeit a rehabbed version and stop dead in my tracks.

"Oh. Holy. Hell." I can't breathe. Can't move. Situated behind the mansion and slightly to its left is a monstrosity that looks like it was ripped straight out of a horror novel. "Dracula's castle." It all makes sense. Of course, Wesley, Demetri's egotistical son, is going to out douche his father, but, wow, the size and scope of this tall, dark and horrific eyesore is definitely crying out compensation issues. Big castle little dick syndrome seems to be a very real thing down here in the Transfer.

I head over in that direction instead, since it's most likely housing the idiots I'm looking for. There's no doubt in my mind that Chloe isn't shaking the sheets with the heir to the evil throne-and the idea wrenches my heart far more than I ever thought possible because, well, essentially Chloe is sleeping with Gage.

I push my way through the gathering crowd while slapping errant hands away that dare tug at my tresses. I swear, it's like they've never seen a person before which makes no sense whatsoever since they themselves are once-upon a people. They're forever laughing and dancing and having an all around great time with one another, or at least it seems so whenever I pop in. It's ironic in a way. On earth we always seem to be embroiled in one drama or trauma after another. And, here in the Transfer, these ghosts from long ago seemingly have it made-no death, no pain, no bothering to open the door. Speaking of which, I trot up the walkway to the castle of corruption.

"Knock, knock!" I shout, walking right past the opened double doors, each adorned with a ferocious lion's head that looks pissed as hell to be here.

It's spacious inside, dimly lit with candlelight, and the flicker of a fire brightens the cavernous room to my right. The fireplace is stunningly huge, large enough to park my Mustang in if I wanted.

A pair of overgrown glass coffins filled with blue keeping solution sit to the right and left of the entry. Wesley rises from a tufted leather chair, looking every bit like my husband, and my knees turn to water at the sight of him. "Looks like you took a cue from Ezrina in the decorating department." Although the tanks are notably empty. "Still hunting for victims I see."

"There's nobody I want to bring back." He waves a hand over the grandeur of his home as he makes his way over. "Welcome, Skyla. Make yourself at home. Stay as long as you like."

I walk past him and stare up at the ornate gilded mirror hanging above the fireplace with its carved roses, its three-inch long thorns spiking out of it.

"Chloe's touch." He stands beside me as we stare up at the atrocity together.

"You know what they say-you can't buy good taste."

"And apparently you can't buy good manners," a female voice sings from behind. I turn to find Chloe herself wrapped in a flowing scarlet robe that Wes probably dyed with Celestra blood. "Let me guess, you've come to negotiate?"

Here she is-the exact person I tore through spiritual planes to visit-Chloe Bishop. Sometimes the only person who will tell you the truth is your enemy- especially when they know it'll hurt.

"There's nothing to negotiate, Chloe. According to my mother, the Counts have already gifted you with enough freedom to make me miserable for decades."

"My roaming privileges are at your mercy. You and I both know that. Looks to me the negotiations are back on the table."

"Chloe"-I close my eyes a moment-"why do you make everything so damn difficult? Just please tell me what you know, and I'll leave you alone." I have every intention of leaving her alone and zero intention of leaving her to wander the free world.

She takes a step to my left with her hair flowing long like an ebony river. "Skyla, you and I both know you'll be back at Mommy Dearest's side once I give you the gut wrenching news. I mean I really couldn't blame you." She cocks her head, mocking me in the process. Even while groveling for her life, Chloe is a bitch-full steam ahead. "The devastation that will incur-the gnashing of teeth, the tears-will certainly call for a loving mother to wipe them away."

"Devastation?" I pull her in, digging my fingers into the soft flesh of her arm. "What's happened, Chloe?"

"Relax, Skyla." She yanks free. "I'm not going to tell you without an oath stipulating that you won't have me bound. I've been saving this secret for a moment like this, and believe me"- her neck arches back as though she were sexually aroused, and, knowing Chloe's twisted mind, she probably is-"I have waited so long to tell you these words." She cuts those wicked eyes over mine and glowers in a state of bliss that I have never seen in her before. "When you learn the truth, Skyla, your entire universe will implode into that hole where your heart once sat."

Crap. "So-I leave you as a charge of the Counts, and you'll tell me this so-called devastating secret guaranteed to take down my world? Why in the hell should I believe you?" I glance to Wes a moment and my chest cinches because simply looking at him makes me ache for Gage.

"If I'm lying"-her lips curl at the tips as if a smile begged to erupt with glee-"I will let you push me right into that fire." She points hard at the blaze. "And you can even invite Gage, Logan, and your precious, useless Sector friend to witness the event."

"And how do we quantify this?" I can't believe a single noise that squeaks from her throat. Chloe's native tongue is comprised of fabrication. But, either way, it'll be a win. Either I'll have the truth, or I'll have Chloe Bishop's body to warm myself with by the fire. A heated rush pulses through me at the thought. Of course, I'll have to bring some hot dogs to grill and S'mores for dessert because if Chloe Bishop is going to roast, I damn well plan on making a party out of it.

"Your mother is how we quantify it. If she says what I tell you is false, I'll jump into the flames myself." She blinks a smile, and all thoughts of a good old-fashioned fireside picnic up and disappear. It would seem Chloe believes she's about to relay a legitimate fact. It would figure. The one time I'm allotted to kill her by fire, Chloe decides to spew nothing but gospel.

Crap, crap, crap. What am I going to do? God, could I really live with Chloe nipping at my heels for the rest of my days?

A mosaic embedded into the ornate hearth catches my eye. A river trickles down the side of a mountain while a bird hovers in the air-an oversized black raven-Nev-or, in today's form, Holden Kragger. My mother specifically said that Chloe and Holden could never be together. One surefire way to make certain Chloe doesn't bother me again is to keep Holden with me at all times. Hell, it's worth a shot. Now all I have to do is convince Holden of this.

"Sure." I shrug as if it were no big deal. "I'll bite. I mean, after all, my mother is an expert when it comes to vetting out the truth." And what exactly is this truth if my own mother-if Marshall Dudley-is opposed to sharing it? Could it really be that devastating? "Spill it, Bishop."

"The oath." She knocks Wes in the ribs with her elbow.

Wesley extends his arm and both Chloe and I place our hands over his.

Wes bears those piercing eyes into mine, and my stomach does a revolution because if it weren't for that one tiny detail he could be my Gage.

"Do you, Skyla, solemnly swear on all that is holy that Chloe Bishop is to remain a charge of the Countenance under the issue of the original bond, thereby unqualified to be banished to another realm at your will?"

"Only in exchange for this deep dark secret that she's been taking perverse pleasure in harboring-yes. The Counts can continue to use Chloe as their eternal slave right here in the Transfer."

"With roaming privileges," Chloe says it through clenched teeth.

"With roaming privileges as decreed by your captors." I roll my eyes because, for all practical purposes, everything about this feels ridiculous. I snatch my hand back and pull her in by the thin, silk robe. "What the hell do you know that everyone else is so damn afraid to tell me?"

Chloe presses in with her nostrils flaring, a wicked smile expanding across her face.

"Gage Oliver"-she says his name, breathy, orgasmic even-"your well-placed boyfriend-your husband, Skyla, with whom you've became one, until death do you part"-she pauses a moment, and I hold my breath-"is none other than Demetri Edinger's son. He's a Fem. And he knows it, Skyla-he knows." Her smile expands like a rubber band. "Checkmate."

"What?" I stagger back on my heels. "That's bullshit."

"Skyla." Wes steps in and wraps an arm around my waist. "Let me help you get back home."

"Don't touch me." I try to pry him off, but my knees give way.

"I've got you." Wes pulls me up as the world begins to fade.

"What's happening?" My feet feel as though they're sinking through quicksand while my mind grows increasingly fuzzy.

"Pull it together," Chloe snaps. "You're about to pass out."

"Gage is a Levatio." I shake my head as a sharp bite of nausea rolls through me.

"He's a Fem, Skyla," Chloe shouts. "Did I stutter?"

I look up at Wes with his familiar features, his sweet yet serious eyes.

"Is it true, Wes? Is Gage a Fem?"

"As much as I am."

"Does that make you-"

"Brothers." The sound of his voice reverberates straight through to the deepest chamber of my heart. "Demetri is our father." Wes pulls his lips into a bleak smile and those deep-welled dimples go off like bombs. "Welcome to the family, Skyla."

Gage

The morning arrives with little fanfare. I've been up long before the windows illuminated with the papery light from the sun. The fog is thick as clam chowder today. It's a wonder the ferry doesn't run aground trying to get here. All I can think of is Skyla. I want her safe with me, right here in this crap-trap Harrison was kind enough to lend us for thirty glorious days.

A dull smile rides on my face as I hop down to the corner store and pick up some coffee and a box of donuts. Neither Skyla nor I have classes today, so we can hit the grocery store together later and fill up that rusted out moldy fridge. And, despite the obvious hygiene issues, my insides warm at the thought. I've craved doing all those normal things with Skyla for so long, and now, here we are about to live out that moment. The future seemed so far off, so incredibly distant just a few months ago and somehow, someway the future arrived out of nowhere and became our reality.

I get back to the apartment and find the door ajar. Harrison sits on the couch, cruising his laptop as if it were his home-and I guess technically it is.

"Dude"-he moans without looking up-"I left two sets of keys on the counter."

"Thanks buddy. That's really nice. You want a donut?"

"Nope. I need to watch my girly figure." He snaps his laptop shut and puts it down on the cable wheel acting as a coffee table. "Can you believe there are like ten guys after your sister?" He shakes his head, annoyed. "I hate high school boys. They're stupid as f**k."

"That was you less than six months ago."

"That's the problem. I know what I was capable of, and I don't like that kind of action around your little sis, if you catch my drift. Besides, I've changed." He crosses his arms over his chest looking genuinely frustrated. "Where's Messenger? You two have a fight?"

"She's at her mom's. She'll be here any minute." I pop a mini donut in my mouth and sit next to him on the dusty as shit sofa. If we're not careful, Skyla and I are going to catch a disease living in this dump. "Skyla and I don't fight."

"You and Messenger never fight?"

"I don't know." I shrug it off. "We had a long bout of silence when that whole DVD thing went down." I still remember how crappy it felt to watch a five-minute montage of Skyla with Dudley-with Logan, and then, of course, the freeze frame of her awkwardly kneeling in front of Ellis himself, although that proved to be nothing. But that was almost a year ago. "No, I guess we don't fight."

"Last week Giselle and I were watching Adventure Time, and I ate the last oatmeal raisin cookie." He shakes his head as if reliving the memory. "She effin' lost her shit, dude-over a cookie!" Ellis slaps me on the back. "Just wait. You'll get yours. There's not one decent relationship that doesn't get thrown into the shitter once in a while."

I give a bleak smile because for once Ellis is right.

Skyla and I are about to get thrown into the shitter in grand style. Only this isn't some lousy oatmeal raisin cookie we'll be warring over. Nope. In fact, all hell is about to break loose.

I wish the biggest problem Skyla and I had were over a cookie-or Logan, or Dudley, or anything remotely human-but it's not. It's about the devil, and, it just so happens, the devil himself is me.

A set of footsteps thump up the stairs and the door swings open. Skyla walks in out of breath and fixes her eyes on mine, never once blinking over at Ellis.

I jump up and wrap my arms around her waist, inspiring her to take a full step back.

"What's wrong? Everything okay?" I ask, trying to touch her cheek but she pulls away. Skyla's face is bleached white. Her hands and lips tremble out of control. "Did that idiot next door say something to you? Did he touch you?"

"Dude, can't you see she's pissed?" Ellis pipes up for no reason.

"Skyla what's wrong?" I step in and take up her hand, but she slips it right back out of my grasp.

"Don't you know?" Her voices shakes, her eyes bear into mine with insurmountable pain.

The world bottoms out from under me. My stomach cinches in a shock of pain as if someone dumped in lighter fluid. Skyla knows something, and now an errant spark is floating around the room ready to take us both down.

Ellis hops up beside me. "You're pissed at Gage, aren't you?" He claps his hands together as if it were some emotional coup. "He ate the last f**king cookie didn't he?" He whoops it up, lost in his juvenile elation.

"Oh my, God." She shakes her head with disgust. "You do know." Her voice booms into me like a kick in the nuts. Tears spring from her eyes as her face darkens a deep shade of crimson. She slaps her hands against my chest. "I trusted you!" She screams it out so loud the windows rattle. "God, Gage, you're nothing but a liar!"

Ellis steps into her and wraps an arm around her shoulders before reverting his attention to me. "Dude, did you cheat on Skyla?"

"No." It whips out of me, but I never take my eyes off hers. "I swear, Skyla, I didn't do anything shady. You can trust me." I hold out a hand, hoping she'll take it. I'm afraid if I move too quickly she'll bolt, and I'll never see her again.

"I will never trust you again. You are the definition of shady!" Her voice penetrates into my heart like a knife. "How could you? I thought you loved me." I take a step into her and she inches back. "Get away from me, right now." She lets out a roar as she hurls Ellis's backpack at me. She wipes the tears from her eyes while heading for the door. "I thought I knew who you were."

"Skyla wait." I pull her back by the jacket, and Ellis cuts between us.

"Dude, give her some space."

Skyla bolts down the stairs, and I push Ellis out of the way and take off after her.

"Skyla!" I catch up with her on the street and knock us both into a metal door, creating a thunderous clatter.

"I'm sorry." I stroke my hands over her arms. "I'm so sorry about everything." I try to lock eyes with hers, but she's hell-bent on getting away from me.

"Let go," she screams in my face like a siren before kneeing me in the balls.

"Shit," I hiss below a whisper. A horrible throb streams through my body, a pain I can only compare to what Demetri's done to me-to both Skyla and me.

A pair of tatted up arms pull me off her, and Skyla bolts down toward the harbor.

I glance back to find the stoner from last night glaring at me-Rev.

"A little early in the morning to be smacking her around, don't you think?" He smirks as if he approved.

"I would never hurt her."

"Save it for the police report. Next time, I'm calling the cops." He takes off as Ellis huffs his way over.

"Good job." Ellis gives me a congratulatory slap on the back. "You got your first big argument out of the way. Coming up next-makeup sex. And judging by the way you two just went at it, I'm predicting a mattress meltdown baby."

I watch as Skyla disappears past the final bend, toward the docks, then slam my fist into the metal door, leaving behind a knuckle-sized dent.

I hate to break it Ellis, but I don't think Skyla wants anything to do with me ever again. The only makeup sex she'll be having is with Logan because it looks to me like we're done.

"This wasn't about some cookie, was it?" Ellis lands his hand on my shoulder.

"No, Ellis, it wasn't."

"Then you'll have to fight harder to get her back."

"And how do I do that?" I haven't taken my eyes off the spot I last saw her, even though I know for a fact she's not coming back.

"Dude, stalk her."

I close my eyes a moment as I take in the not-so-sage advice from the clown my sister just might end up marrying someday.

Stalk her. Maybe he's onto something. I start heading toward the harbor.

"Where are you going?"

"I'm going to find Skyla. I'm going to Paragon."

I dematerialize right there on the street and teleport over. I'd hate for Skyla to hop off the boat if she sees me on it. Besides, I've got a little explaining to do to my folks.

I'm wondering if Emma Oliver has any explaining to do herself.

Logan

A sea of dark clouds roll out above Paragon like sextons hauling in an entire fleet of caskets. The long coffin like shadows stretch over the island, pressing and final, as if they were about to seal us from the light of day forever.

I give a brisk knock to Barron's door before letting myself in the house.

"Logan!" Emma wraps her arms around me. "The most horrible thing happened at the Landon house last night."

"Emma." Barron scowls from the kitchen as I walk on in. "Do take a seat." He motions to a tower of pancakes. "Help yourself."

"Liam has a guest," Emma says, plunking down a plate and fork in front of me. "I thought they might be hungry with the way they worked up an appetite all night long."

"Please, excuse him." I'm guessing his guest is Michelle Miller. It looks like she's finally gotten over her obsession with Dudley. Or at least for Liam's sake I hope so.

"No need to be sorry, I welcome it." She lands a cup of coffee before me and takes a seat. "It washed away all memory of Skyla's cries for help the other night."

"Yes, well"-I stab three pancakes with my fork-"Gage seemed to have that situation under control." Can't believe I just went there. The last thing I want to do is discuss my nephew's prowess in the bedroom-especially since the one he was coupling with happens to be my wife. The truth is, I can't stop thinking of Skyla in any other way. She's still my wife-my life-always will be. "So I have news." I fill Barron and Emma in on the twisted DNA scheme Wes is working to pull off.

"Dear God." Barron's face loses all color. "Do you think the government will detain the Nephilim?"

"Of course, they will." Emma clutches at her pearls. "They'll think we're aliens ready to take over the planet, and they'll cage us all like animals. Barron, do something."

"Does Skyla know?" Barron grips his lenses as if trying to focus in on the situation. "She can take them to court."

"Not yet. I plan on telling her soon." I can't wait to see Skyla again, but I'm not too pumped over the crappy news I get to share with her. "I'm hoping to-"

A thunderous knock erupts over the door followed by a rattle and then a body bursting into the kitchen.

"Gage!" Emma jumps to her feet and is quick to coddle her baby boy.

Gage lands in the seat beside me with his eyes etched out in crimson, a fire brewing in each one.

"What's happening?" Emma panics. "Has Skyla done something?"

He swallows hard. Gage picks up my coffee and downs it in three easy gulps as if he needed to caffeinate just to get the words out.

"She knows." He plunks the cup down and cuts a look from me to Barron.

"Shit." I push my seat from the table to get the hell out of here. If Skyla ever needed me it's now.

"Don't." Gage pulls me back in. "She's on the ferry. I'm guessing she's headed to Dudley's." He rakes his fingers through his hair. His face is pale. He's shaking like an addict. I've never seen him so jacked up-so afraid and pissed all rolled into one. "I need you to help me do this."

Emma leans in filled with suspicion. "You need him to help you do what?"

Gage takes a lungful of air and lets it out slow like a steam engine. "I need you to be honest with me. Tell me exactly who you think my father is." He bears into her point blank. "Am I Barron Oliver's son?"

A thicket of silence coagulates around us. It locks us in a paralysis that stretches out the possibilities of Gage's paternity-something I would never have dreamed to wonder.

"Emma?" I tap my fingers over the table. "This is easy. He's Barron's son." I can't for a minute imagine Demetri grunting over my brother's wife. He's a Fem. It's obvious he found some other way to procure an offspring.

"Gage." Barron extends his hand toward his son. "At the time I met your mother, there was a question."

"What?" Gage bounces back in his seat, his face blanching out like he might be sick. That makes two of us.

"You are my son." Barron nods. "I've raised you. I was present for your birth."

"But not the conception," Gage deadpans.

"We never questioned who you belonged to." Barron continues digging the hole. "We knew of a possibility, but we were married soon after and-"

"Bottom line"-Gage pounds both hands down over the table and sends the pancakes flying-"what the f**k happened?"

Emma straightens. "We had an argument. I went to a friend's party. He"-her lids hang heavy as she infers the vile Fem-"was visiting his grandfather on the island, and one drink led to the bedroom."

Barron nods as if this were a purely clinical conversation. "Emma and I cleared the air over the following week and resumed our relationship. I never inquired who this person was. I simply let sleeping dogs lie. It wasn't until he returned to his grandfather's estate that Emma brought up the possibility." He folds his hands and presses out a placid smile. "Gage, when I tested your Nephilim lines, I was pleased to see you had the Levatio markers-a weakened lineage from my branch of the family. As you know, I'm a Levatio myself. That was enough for me." He dips his chin. "Regardless, I don't really care what genetics have to say. Gage-you are my son and no one else's."

"Shit." Gage bends his head back and lets out a groan. "He put me here." He glances over at Emma. "He was securing a post for his demented lineage. But why two? Why not stop at Wes?"

"Good question." I try to rack my brains for a seemingly logical explanation, but per usual, with the Fems, there isn't one. "We'll get to the bottom of this, I swear."

Gage gets up and heads for the door.

"Where are you going?" Emma tries to follow, but Barron holds her back by the hand.

"To get to the bottom of this. If I'm going to fix things with Skyla, I might as well have all the information I need."

"I'm going with you." I hop up and meet him out by his truck. "You ready to shake the truth out of Demetri?"

Gage lets out a breath and a plume of white smoke unfurls into the fog as if he were a dragon. "Demetri isn't about the truth, you and I both know that."

"Then where are we going?"

"To see the only being in the universe who might tell us all we need to know."

15

Angels and Monsters

Skyla

The eye of God is omnipresent. He sees even the things you wish could remain unknowable-the very perilous things that can cast your soul into the eternal fire where the flames are never quenched.

I string out prayers from Paragon to paradise like a laundry line dripping with tears.

To the God eternal, invisible, immortal-the all-knowing God-the one who pursues us with the blood of his son-how on earth could things have gone so wrong for me and the boy I love? Gage and I shared an earnest affection, something heartfelt, primal yet intense on a cerebral level. He was the nucleus of my world-still is. How can it be that I'm in love with someone who's spawned from a deviant like Demetri Edinger? And here I had judged my earthly mother for pining for the beast that murdered my father, and, yet, he gave life to the boy who stole my heart-my husband. This is all far more twisted, more demented than I can wrap my head around.

I drive the Mustang to Marshall's house and hop out, sprinting for the door. I give a few wild knocks before twisting the knob and stepping inside.

"Marshall?" I call out, and my voice comes back to me in an echo. The French doors toward the rear of the house sit opened, and I rush right back out into the crisp Paragon air. "Marshall?"

A sharp gasp emits from the barn, so I make my way over.

High-pitched whispers ensue, then giggling. Holy hell, he's got someone with him. My heart drops to my feet, and I'm momentarily removed from what's really killing me.

"Marshall?" I belt it out, annoyed.

The horses stir and bray. Marshall comes out looking as if he just had a roll in the hay quite literally with straw covering the entire left side of his body.

"Where were you just now?" I lean in with suspicion. "You look like holy hell." I take him in with his rumpled hair, his shirt unbuttoned down the front, his rock hard abs slicked with sweat. "If I didn't know better..." I let the words hang in the air so thick you could hook a coat on them.

A sly grin plays on his lips. "You do know better, don't you, Ms. Messenger."

"Who is she?" It comes from me barely audible.

He cuts a quick glance toward the barn, guilty as hell.

Those erotic dreams float right back to the surface, and it's as if one is about to come true-or just had.

"Marshall!" I clap my hand over my mouth.

"Skyla," he purrs, his lids hanging heavy. That cocky grin begs to set loose on his face.

"Oh God, no."

"I believe the words you used just moments before were, 'Oh God, yes, yes, yes.'"

"Shit!"

"Language." He gives a sly smile as he walks on by.

"I knew you and your man parts were up to no good," I say, shaking a fist while following him back into the house.

"Trust me, it was very good. I should know, I was there-and so were you."

"God, does that mean those dreams I've been having were visions? Spill it, Marshall." I touch my fingers to my temples. "On second thought, I'm not really ready to hear it. I've got a much bigger problem than having light drive sex with you." And really? The future me is ridiculous.

"You're very astute in your assessment." He pours a glass of water and offers it to me, but I refuse. "Heartbreak doesn't become you. Do tell-what's Jock Strap done now?"

I lean in and touch my hand to his cheek. Those fine-tuned vibrations course through me, and I close my eyes a moment absorbing the splendor.

"I know, Marshall. I know exactly what it was you didn't want to tell me."

"I'm sorry my love." He presses a kiss to my hand before cradling it in his. "It was withheld from me. I would have hacked him to pieces months ago should I have discovered this."

"I figured as much." I gaze up at his auburn-colored eyes and stagnate, trying to stretch out this moment in time just a little while longer. "But why the hell would my mother keep this from me?"

"I've questioned this myself. The only logical explanation is the balancing of the scales."

"The scales? Withholding the fact your daughter is dating-is married-to a real live breathing demon is unbalanced in any capacity. The only thing in balance here is my mother's toxic brand of insanity." Not that I think of Gage as a demon-not by a long shot, but Demetri is another story.

"Excellent assessment." His brows arch. "But that's not what I was referring to. You see"-he presses his fingers together at the tips and averts his gaze as if he were somehow guilty in all this-"when I approached your mother all those years ago for your hand in holy matrimony she agreed quite willingly."

"Shaping my destiny without regard to my opinion? What's new?"

"At the time there was some talk of restoring balance to the kingdom creations-of which included the Nephilim-and that restoration would be rooted through a perfect branch without blemish-Celestra, of course."

"And?" I'm getting the feeling Marshall is taking the long road home.

"And allowing me the opportunity to achieve dominion with a race of my own would upset the delicate harmony between the Sectors and the Fems. It would-how would you say? Give me the home field advantage."

"Oh my, God." I smack him in the chest. "It's all your fault Gage was turned into a Fem. You knew right from the beginning!"

"Correction-I did not know 'right from the beginning.' And, second, it is impossible to 'turn' somebody into a Fem. This was appointed from conception, Skyla. He was never anything but."

The breath expires from my lungs as if I were just sucker-punched.

"So you think my mother pulled Demetri into this?"

"Absolutely not. It's against the order of things for her to do so. He very much requested the placement. Demetri's interest in your family has been ignobly woven through time-at the root of which is his unnatural obsession with your mother. I can imagine having you as his daughter-in-law only fulfills the hole in his heart that continuously yearns for his Lizbeth."

"God, don't call her that." I grip my hair at the temples. "This is so twisted. I feel shell-shocked. I feel worse than that. I feel as though I've lost Gage. It's as if death slapped me in the face again-just like it did last winter when I lost Logan. When he died, it was like I was standing at the edge of an invisible cliff. Every step I took felt as if I was about to fly into oblivion." I shake my head. "I was so afraid."

"And now?" Marshall picks up my hand. The muscles in his jaw pop with concern.

"I'm right back in that fog." I glance out the window. "It's like I'm the island, and the mist of grief creates a buffer from the rest of the world."

"Well, Ms. Paragon, I suggest you brace yourself. Life will never be a bed of roses." He gently raises my chin with his finger when he says it. "In fact, you might just say it's one horrific surprise after another."

"Boy, you're a ball of sunshine."

Marshall illuminates in a fit of brilliance from the inside out. "Technically, I am."

"Marshall." I collapse over him and hang on tight. "I don't know what to do. I'm crazy in love with that boy, and, now, he's exactly the person I should avoid."

"For whatever reason Demetri has let this become known. He could have hidden it until after you've had children-after young Oliver's death."

A sharp ache sears through me at the mention of Gage dying.

"I wish he would have left Gage alone-let him be mine, through and through. I want children with him one day. I love him, I don't know how to stop loving him or if I ever want to." I don't. There. My heart is forever his, and that's the way it's going to be whether I like it or not.

"He chose wisely with Jock Strap. I wondered if Demetri had bypassed you in an effort to target one of your offspring. To be truthful, your child with the Pretty One was where I put my money. I had no idea he would touch you-my own bride."

"Why dominion with me? I'm sure there were any number of Celestra women ready and willing to give up an ovary or two to help him populate his little magic kingdom." Chloe anyone? And, per usual, the answer is no. Can't say I blame him. Although, for a while, he wasn't sure if she was the chosen one, thus the supervising spirit blunder he's gotten himself into with her.

"I'm afraid dominion only has value through the purest and highest form of a Nephilim being."

"Chloe is just as good a Celestra as far as bloodlines go." I gag on my words because that would give Chloe Bishop exactly what she wanted, my sweet Gage.

"As far as Celestra is concerned Chloe may be close to pure but she has zero Caelestis DNA. Your mother designed you to be one of a kind, Skyla. You hold a powerful lineage all on your own. And it's that impeccable breeding that has Demetri fawning after your bloodlines."

"And you, too. Right?" I pull back and take him in. "You think my genes look pretty hot, and I'm not talking about the ones painted onto my ass." I push him off.

"I'd reprimand you on word choice, but I rather appreciated that last remark." He gives a lewd grin as his eyes slide down my thighs. "And, for your information, there's one more element that needs to be present before dominion could ever be achieved."

"Let me guess, it's not enough that you need me to bear your children-you need to yank out my beating heart and eat it, too? I'm sure Demetri is especially looking forward to that part."

"It does involve that very organ." He squints with mild disgust. "Our hearts need to beat in sync-in other words, both parties must be equally smitten. Without true love, dominion could never be achieved."

"True love." The words tremble from my lips. That's what Gage and I have. We're already half way to achieving dominion for the wickedest Fem of all.

Something soft and wet touches my ankle, and I glance down to find a flesh colored lizard staring up at me.

I let out a scream loud enough to set off every car alarm on the island.

"Relax." Marshall bends over and picks it up. "It belongs to that new addition to the Oliver nitwit collection. He's forever dragging refuse into the house. Did you know he's sleeping with Shelly?"

"Liam and Michelle Miller?" I'm momentarily lost imagining the coupling-not to mention the fact Marshall just equated her to refuse.

The creature unfurls its fruit-by-the-foot tongue, and I give another shrill scream.

"Get that thing away from me." I hop to the other side of Marshall.

"Now, now-it's no bigger than a garden snake."

"It's prehensile and wants to touch me in delicate places." I shudder at the thought because it so almost did. "It's officially my enemy."

Marshall leers at me. A dirty smile plays on his lips, but he won't give it.

"I've something prehensile that wants to touch you in delicate places."

"Yes, well, according to your inter-dimensional jaunts-and my dreams-you already have."

The front door blows open, and I jump at the sight of Gage. There's a fire in his eyes, and I can tell he's about to cure Marshall of ever wanting to touch me in delicate places again.

"Never mind. I've got bigger creatures to deal with." I latch onto Marshall as if we're a unified front.

"Skyla, we need to talk." Gage stains the doorway like a shadow imprinted against the brilliant white fog seeping in behind him. He's so beautiful, so perfect and it's all I can do not to drop to my knees and weep.

My phone goes off, and I fish it out of my pocket. It's a text from Coop.

Have you seen Laken? Her roommate says she never came home last night.

"Laken is missing," I say, looking up at Gage and all I see are his glowing blue eyes. "It looks like it's time to visit your brother."

Gage

"Skyla," her name escapes my lips like the saddest song-nothing but regret, laced with all of my affection.

Her hair splays out with strands of gold. Her cheeks radiate as if she's just seen the face of God. My eyes can't help but trail down her perfect little body and wonder if I'll ever have the chance to touch it again.

"Marshall"-she turns to Dudley-"take me to Host to pick up Coop, and then get us to the Transfer as quick as possible."

His features contort in a look of mild amusement. "I do believe you've mistaken me for the mass transit system. There's a bench just outside the gates."

"Let me," I whisper, taking a bold step forward in the process. "I'll teleport us to Host, and I think I can get us to the Transfer." Hell, I know I can.

"Marshall." Skyla glares at him without acknowledging my offer. "You will take me to Host, and you will help Cooper and me find Laken-or all future barn action is off the table. Got it?"

His cheek cinches to the side. "Sounds like we've places to go." He picks up Skyla's hand without hesitating.

"Wait." Logan steps inside. "Skyla, please." Her entire body rotates into him. Skyla and Logan have a bond that has wrenched my heart on more than one occasion. Deep down I wonder if the situation were reversed if she'd cut him off the way she's cutting me off. "Let me help you." He glances in my direction. "Let the both of us help you. I know you're in a lot of pain right now, but, please, understand so is Gage. No one expected this. Nobody saw this coming, least of all him."

Skyla swallows hard, her gaze falling to the floor. "All right, but Marshall still comes."

Dudley scoffs. "As much as I'd love to see the Olivers bumble their way through the Transfer, or, God forbid, Tenebrous, I believe I've a barnyard dalliance to tend to."

"Marshall." Skyla tugs at his hand. "Laken is in trouble, and I have a gut feeling only you can help get her out of this mess."

He leans into her, one inch too close to those perfect lips of hers. "I am rather handy in a bind, aren't I?" He's quick to caress her cheek, and it takes everything in me not to dropkick him in the nuts.

Handy in a bind. I shake my head. He's Skyla's spirit husband for whatever that's worth, and apparently she views him as her personal savior. Dudley's no savior. He's all out for himself.

I'd do anything for Skyla-do anything to save her, help her, love her. And now that she realizes who I am, a part of me wants to keep the hell away from her, but the illogical part of me, the part of me that is uncontrollably, flat out in love with her, says to hell with logic and reason. I'm in this. I love Skyla so damn much, I need to have her near me just to breathe. She might have been Logan's wife once, and Dudley's in the spiritual sense, but she's my wife now, and I damn well plan on keeping it that way.

Dudley takes up Skyla's hand, and Logan latches onto her wrist. I reach out to do the same, and Dudley is quick to push me off.

"Find your own mode of transportation. I don't entertain Fems."

Skyla's eyes widen into mine as the three of them blink away, leaving me in the stillness of this overgrown estate, alone.

And, for the first time ever, I feel just that-alone.

It's ironic how life gives you what you want most at the exact moment you can't have it.

While the people around me dreamed of football scholarships and ivy-league schools, I dreamed of Skyla. Every breath, every heartbeat I've been gifted over the last few years has been fueled by that beautiful girl. She's the reason I open my eyes in the morning-the reason I exist to begin with.

I hone in all my energy thinking of Skyla-imagine her tender skin searing over mine-her butter soft kisses gliding down my body. I miss her. I miss her as if she's been out of my life for far longer than a day. This feels like a rejection that spans the ages, an eternity that stretches back through both our lineages-all the way back to the beginning of time when the earth was still a gleam in God's eye.

A dark wooded area that smells like piss and dirt forms around me. The sky falls to the earth in a deep shade of navy. I gag on my next breath as I stagger toward the charred trees. This must be the tunnels-the Tenebrous Woods. I take a quick glance around, nothing but acres of burnt out trees, the smell of fresh blood saturating the air. My heart breaks for Skyla, for every Celestra that's ever had to endure a moment in this living hell.

I spot Wesley standing in a clearing. He's speaking to a man who's lit up from the inside a dull, sickly yellow.

"Wes," I shout, making my way over. "Where's Skyla?" I've never used my teleportation powers quite like this before, and I know for a fact these aren't just a few simple Levatio tricks coming into play. I know for a fact I could never have teleported myself into the tunnels. This place is covered with an army of binding spirits. Demetri let me in. And I'm guessing he'll dictate whether or not I get to leave.

"I haven't seen Skyla." Wes leans forward, examining my features as if looking for any nuance of a difference outside of our eyes. "What do you want?"

"What do I want? Rumor has it Laken is missing, but I'm betting you know all about that, don't you?"

His lips cinch just shy of a smile, the exact way I've done it a million times before. It turns my stomach looking at him.

"Laken doesn't want anything to do with me." His expression dims. That smile that's been playing on his face glides right off. "I hope for your sake you don't lose, Skyla. I know how great that heartbreak can be." He takes a step toward me, his eyes drilling into mine. "It can make you desperate, make you forget all about reason. It could and will drive you insane-brother."

"Don't call me that."

"How does it feel knowing you're a monster?" His eyes steady over mine. "Because that's what you are. I know because I'm one, too. Ask me anything. I bet you're teeming with questions." There's a fine edge of sarcasm in his voice, and it gets my blood pumping in a silent rage.

"And I bet you're teeming with false answers. Look, I'm not interested in your bullshit. I'm here to get Skyla and Laken. I'm taking them both home." I step away and take the place in. A glowing blue fog permeates the woods, low to the ground, weaving in and out of the forest like a maze.

He steps in close. "You ever wonder why the hell we're so identical?"

"What's the matter?" I turn around, holding back a laugh. "A little offended he didn't break the mold with you? It's obvious he didn't get it right the first time." I stare back into the woods for signs of life. I'm not sure why I'm wasting time bantering out here with this idiot. And he is an idiot. Anybody who would team up with Demetri automatically qualifies.

"Gage, the Steel Barricade needs you. With the two of us leading this bold expedition, the future of our kind, of this world will greatly benefit."

"I'm not your kind so you can take me out of the box right now. I'm not putting on some black cape and teaming up with you either, so you can let go of all the schoolgirl fantasies you're hanging onto. And, speaking of fantasies, you can let go of the fact Laken is ever coming back to you."

He pulls me in by the shirt and pushes me back a good foot.

"I'm pretty sure I'm going to kick your ass," I say, glancing down at my wrinkled T-shirt-stunned as shit he went there.

His chest bucks with a silent laugh. "Wouldn't that be a little like kicking your own ass?"

"No, it'll be like kicking your ass, and I'll make sure you appreciate it."

"Let's do it." He flicks his fingers, inviting me into the endeavor. "But know I'll fight back." His jaw clenches as if he means business. "By the way, I'm not into bruising-I'm into disfiguring. I'd like nothing more than inverting your baby blues and pulling your vocal cords out through your nose, so think twice before you threaten me." He pulls me in by the shirt again until we're face to face. "Don't you ever forget who I am and what I can do." He gives me a violent shove before turning away.

I don't waste a moment before kicking his feet out from under him.

Wes lets out a hard grunt as he falls to the ground and gags as if trying to catch his breath.

"You little shit." He reaches over and pulls me down by the belt loops before pummeling my gut with a never-ending right hook.

I kick him in the chest, and he lands on top of me like a rabid tiger. Wes plants one fist after another into my face until I summon up the strength of an entire legion of demons and knock him to hell and back.

A dull applause breaks out from behind, and I jump to my feet to find Edinger standing there like the prince of darkness himself.

"So-are you going to let him in on a few things?" Wes comes up beside me, looking straight at the lunatic who brought us into the world.

"Do tell, Wesley." Demetri squints out his signature scowl with the illusion of a smile. "I'm sure Gage would rather hear it from you."

"How's this? I don't want to hear anything from either of you." I start to head off and Wes pulls me back.

"Stay." His chin drops. His eyes pull with an indescribable sadness. It's as if he's trapped in this misery, and he believes I'm the only one on the planet that just might be able to commiserate-and I might. "Know that no matter what happens, no matter who you side with in the end, you'll always be family to me."

"You don't know me." I pull free from his grasp. "And you don't know this piece of shit"-I jab a finger in Demetri's direction-"because if you did, you wouldn't be running this hellhole, you'd be shutting it down. And for damn sure you wouldn't be siding with Demetri Edinger on anything."

"We have a role to fulfill," Wes shouts. "Whether you like it or not we were set apart for this exact moment in history. The Nephilim's days are numbered." He swallows hard. "You can side with life or you can side with death. Live or die, it's entirely up to you."

"And you'll be responsible for this carnage? You're delusional. He's playing you like a puppet!" I roar it out in his face so loud that my voice comes back to me in an echo. "No brother of mine would ever be so stupid, so selfish and greedy for power to embark on whatever journey he's about to take you on." I pause at the thought of Wesley being my anything, let alone a brother. That title is strictly reserved for Logan. "You think you're taking down Celestra? All of the Nephilim? Let me be the first to laugh in your face."

Wes smirks. "And when Skyla gets rid of you? When she runs back to her Elysian, what then?"

I close my eyes a moment and shake my head. Wes knows Logan as Skyla's Elysian. I can't believe even he is throwing Logan in my face.

"Skyla has the right to decide what's right for her. And if she doesn't choose to be with me, guess what?" I bark right at him. "I'm not going to turn into some giant pu**y and threaten to extinguish an entire race of people. All of those innocent lives you plan on attacking? They have no power to make Laken love you. Nobody does! Shut this hellhole down-maybe she'll invite you to dinner."

His jaw cinches tight. "The only dinner invitation I'm holding out for is from you. We're blood, Gage. We're something deeper than that. Let's not get off on the wrong foot."

'The wrong foot?" It roars from me. "We're in the wrong f**king bodies!" I push him back a good five feet. "I was supposed to be a Levatio. I was supposed to be Barron Oliver's son-not some bastard spawn of Satan."

"Technically I'm an angel." Demetri spouts off from behind, and I consider clocking him for a second.

Wes charges and pulls me in so fast our foreheads knock. "You want to know why you look like me?"

"No, but since you're so hot on letting me in on the big family secret-go ahead before your head explodes." And I might arrange for that to happen anyway.

His features soften as he slips his hands off my shirt. "It's because he went into the future." Wes takes a step toward the woods and stares out catatonically. "He didn't know it was Skyla then-but she was a contender, along with Chloe. He pried into their minds through a waking dream and had them imagine the perfect someone." He looks back at me. "And here we are. The spare parts and pieces of all their desires-according to him-Skyla's was the most prominent. That was his first clue. Chloe Bishop was just a ruse. But it was too late, right pops?" He smirks at Demetri. "You f**ked that one up by giving in and becoming her supervising spirit." He averts his attention back to me. "But you and I are golden. Skyla, Chloe-they both approve of the final product." He holds out his arms out as if mocking me. "And now here we are, one to love her, one to serve. Tell him why, Daddy Dearest." Wes spears Demetri with a look of hatred.

It hits me like a ton of dumb bricks.

"Because you knew I wouldn't do both," the words stream from me, stale as the air in a tomb. I soak in Wes with his twin face to mine and groan. "I know why you're here. It's not just to serve-he could have spawned a dozen heirs to do that, probably has." My heart crushes because the next few words feel heavier than heaven and hell combined. "It's to remind Skyla of what she's lost once I'm gone. You're only here to bring her pain, Wes. And if you choose to serve him, you'll bring Laken pain, too. She doesn't want to see you like this, man. She still cares about you."

Wesley's gaze hits the ground, and I know I've struck a nerve. Not that she'd ever leave Coop for him, but as long as Wes is buying the delusion, the world is in a hell of a lot less danger if only for a moment.

Demetri steps between us as if settling a fight. His wheels are turning. He's looking for a way to reel Wes back in again. Maybe, deep down, Wes knows that nothing Demetri can ever offer him will be worth it.

"You're right"-Demetri lets the words swim through the air, wrapped in mystery-"Wesley is here to remind Skyla what she's lost, once you're gone. The sight of him will bring her pain-and only he can uniquely heal it." Demetri adds as if it were a sane thought.

"It'll never happen." That's one thing I'll never lose sleep over. Skyla would never be with Wes. I know for a fact Wesley will grow to be nothing more than a thorn in her side. "You lose, Demetri. I'm not having any children with Skyla. I won't propagate your demented lineage."

"Gage"-Wes calls out as I start to take off-"side with me. No one belongs in the Steel Barricade more than the two of us. You'll have until Sunday at midnight to decide your fate. Should you join the effort, you'll be part of the inner sanctum, an elite group that oversees the Barricade." His brows arch as if he's trying to lure me in. "I will divide my authority with you. You have my word. Not one decision will ride until we both agree on the outcome."

"And if I break faith with the Barricade-and flood the world with your filthy secrets?" I hold back a laugh because he has to be shitting me if he doesn't think I'd tell Skyla. My wife is the world to me.

"Then the heart of one you hold dear will turn against you-and everything you think you stand for. The price of breaking the covenant with the Steel Barricade is high, but the punishment won't be dolled out by me." He glances toward Demetri. "Only he can impress wickedness onto another's soul." Wes turns to me. "Only he would do that to his own grandchild."

Grandchild? And if we never have children, I'll have nothing to lose. I consider it a moment before staggering off into the shadowed woods with its blackened trees, its thorny branches. A velum-like fog seeps between the tree trunks, gliding over the forest floor like river snakes.

The words I shouted at Demetri come back to haunt me. I'm not having any children with Skyla. In hindsight, it was probably an accurate declaration on my part, considering the odds of me having breakfast with Skyla seem highly improbable these days. I'm not too worried about breaking faith with the Steel Barricade because I have no desire to toss my soul willingly into hell, and if I'm not siding with Skyla that's exactly what it would feel like-hell.

That's another reason I'm not having children with Skyla-not only would it give the Fems dominion, it would make Demetri a grandfather. And that would put any poor kid through hell.

I should know-I'm his son.

Logan

The sky above the Tenebrous Woods spins with a nest of dark ominous clouds in unnatural hues of red and turquoise.

Skyla folds into my arms as we stand at the forest's edge.

"Do you believe what you heard? It's true, Skyla he loves you," I whisper tenderly into her ear as if it were a sweet nothing. But, in truth, I'm vying for Gage, for their love to grow and flourish not mine.

"Yes." She sags in my arms a moment. "Ironically, I probably wouldn't have believed it any other way." She chokes out the words as if holding back tears. "I'm not ready though. I can't do this with him right now. The wound is too fresh and my priority is getting Laken back home safely." She picks up my hand and leads us out of the woods toward Wes and Demetri who are locked in a heated debate.

Gage heads for us, and Skyla tenses up once again.

"Skyla, I want to help you find Laken." His hand stops just shy of touching her shoulder. He's afraid of any more rejection. I can see the pain in his eyes just begging for mercy. It kills me to see Gage dejected, afraid of losing the one person he cherishes more than his own life, and, in truth, I'm afraid for him, too. I'm terrified Gage might be desperate enough to do something outrageously foolish to try and hold onto Skyla, to protect Skyla. Not that there's anything wrong with that-it's the reason I'm dead to begin with, and I don't regret a thing.

"Then let's get to the root of the problem." She bullets ahead toward Wes just as Demetri disappears in the shadows.

I pull Gage back a second. "You're good with Skyla. I promise. Don't f**k this up by doing anything stupid." I dig in with a look that asserts how serious this is. "I love you man, just as much as I love her. Think things through before going off half-cocked. Go easy. I know you two can work things out. We'll get Laken. Dudley is with Coop, scouting out the backwoods. We've got this, dude."

Gage doesn't say a word. His jaw tightens as he gives a stealth nod, but I can tell his thoughts are racing a million panicked miles an hour. He's all amped up and nowhere to go which makes him a danger to himself whether he admits it or not.

We catch up to Skyla and Wes just as she snatches him by the shirt and pulls him in.

"Where the hell is she?" Skyla's voice shakes with anger.

"She's right behind you." He gently removes her hands from his chest. "Turn around and see for yourself."

We turn to find Laken dressed in some oddball dress comprised of black roses with a train that eats up the forest floor behind her.

"I'm safe, Skyla." Laken holds out her hands. "I want to be here. My new home is with Wesley."

"Laken?" Skyla steps toward her.

"Come with me, Skyla. There's something I need to show you."

Skyla takes up her hand with reservation and her body jolts as if she were electrocuted. She rakes her hand across Laken's face and four neat crimson lines appear, each with a seam of blood pooling to the surface. She gives Laken a violent shove to the ground just as Coop darts over from the woods.

"What the hell?" he shouts, dropping to his girlfriend's side.

"That's not Laken," she pants. "But I have a feeling I know where she is." Skyla bolts into the woods, and Gage and I run after her. She flits through the forest like a deer, and it's near impossible to keep up-just dodging the trees proves to be an obstacle.

"Skyla!" I shout after her, but my voice deadens. Gage and I both stumble to a stop as we hit a barren field. "Go to her," I pant to Gage. If anyone can find out where the hell she went it's him. Now that's he's one of them, there's not a whole lot he can't do.

He slumps over his knees and closes his eyes just trying to catch his breath. "Can't-binding spirit."

"Shit. Skyla!" I roar it out, and the Tenebrous Woods ignite with the sound of my voice crashing all around it.

Then a thought comes to me. Skyla and I have both been here on more than one occasion. We were held captive here for a while.

"I think I know where she might be." I lead Gage down the twisted road toward the area where Celestra is taken for sacrifice. We pass the row of caged structures that line the border to our left while cries for help emanate from somewhere far away. The sob of a young girl permeates the air with a palpable desperation.

"I can't take this, dude," Gage says it weak as if he's about to pass out. "I can't stand the fact these people are down here and that creatures who share my lineage are responsible. We need to get them all out, tonight."

"That's noble, but let's get this straight." I yank his arm. "I'm the one with a trace of Countenance in me, not you. The Fems aren't shit down here. The Counts opened these tunnels before you or I ever existed. Got it? The last thing I want is for you to go off the deep end." I step in and whisper, "Gage, you have to get a grip and realize there's not a thing you did to cause this."

"That's where you're wrong." He shakes me off and treads past the rows of burnt out Eucalyptus with their long, lean trunks, looking like a series of badly charred legs. "Logan, come here."

I jog over and pause at the sight.

A nest of skulls rise into the night at least twenty feet high while resting on a large granite stone. Stacks and stacks of eerie grimaces-hollowed out eyes-it's a thing of horror, a holocaust of our people for nothing more than the greed of the Counts. A ring of fire crackles around the base of the expansive stone altar with black petals sprayed out around it. The entire area is thinly veiled with an iridescent fog.

"Celestra," I whisper.

"He's a murderer." Gage steps in wide-eyed and dazed. "I'm a part of this."

Shit.

"No Gage. This is ages of killings. It's just that now they're flaunting it. This has nothing to do with you."

"It has nothing to do with either of you." Dudley steps out of the fog like an apparition, his eyes transfixed on the horror. "This is where the New Moon festival will be held Sunday night. It will be a ceremony like no other. A shift of power is about to transpire."

Skyla steps out of the fog behind him, her chest expands with a breath locked in her lungs. She holds out her hands toward the gruesome sight as if her whole body were issuing an apology. A nest of lightning appears from nowhere and crowns the top of the macabre sculpture. It touches down over the top of the skeletal skyscraper and ignites each one of those skulls a brilliant shock of blue. The lightning spears out toward Skyla and her head knocks back as a blast of light illuminates her from the inside in one atomic blast. Skyla rockets into the air and floats above the tower of skulls with her arms spreads wide, her head cocked, eyes closed. She rotates and spins in a spectacular flash, ten thousand times brighter than the sun.

Then in a clap of thunder, she disappears.

16

Now or Never

Skyla

A pain so viral, so necessary, explodes through each cell in my body-snapping and sizzling along my nerves like a blowtorch. They say pain is a good thing-a warning to let you know something is very f**king wrong. My heart aches in my chest to the point of collapse, every inch of my flesh is alive and on fire. I'm pulling through time as far back as the first Celestra abduction-and watch as a girl runs through the familiar woods of Paragon. Her long, blonde hair trails in the wind. Her eyes mirror the sky, and, alarmingly, she looks a lot like me. I bear witness to one abduction after another until it's nothing more than a dizzying blur. I see them all-feel their dread as if a part of me were locked in their bodies. A virulent terror drills through me. Then, in a moment of unrivaled agony, I experience their demise right along with them. Their final pleas for mercy fall on deaf ears-their appeals for justice go unfulfilled.

The visions come in flashes-in jags, in one torrential downpour of misery and grief until the tower of skulls I float above-the Tenebrous Woods, it all disappears.

"Laken," I murmur as I come to.

An elongated black and white checkered hall forms around me. I'm slumped against a cold marble wall, struggling to get a hold of my senses.

A trail of necrotic rose petals scatter down the hall, and the familiar cackle of a girl emanates from the same direction.

Chloe. I'd recognize that wicked laugh anywhere, especially here in the bowels of hell.

I take off down the hall. It's not until I'm in the center of the checkered expanse do I realize where I am. I've been here before. This is the tower where Logan and I were held by the Counts.

"Shit," I whisper, looking at the long series of doors that span all the way down the corridor, each without a handle. "This is it." I lay my palm over the first one I see. "Laken?" I give a little knock. "Is anybody in there?"

"Help me!" A female voice calls from inside.

The doors around me begin to bounce, each with someone inside begging to let them out. The horrible drumming of their fists lights up the hall, and I cover my ears because I can't help a single one of these poor souls. I'm useless-a lame duck in a position of power that can't move an ant out of these God forsaken tunnels.

"Skyla? Is that you?" Chloe calls from a distance. I look up to find her scurrying over. "Dear God, you've incited a riot." She gives a perverse giggle still ensconced in her morbid funeral attire with petals raining to the ground as if they too were trying to escape her presence.

"Chloe, please help me free these people. I helped you, remember?"

"You helped me? Oh, yes, extending my 'leash' as you so elegantly put it." She wrinkles her nose. Chloe has always had a biting beauty, but since her expulsion from her proper form, she seems to have magnified her wicked allure. And, not surprisingly, it doesn't change the fact she's rotten to the core.

The desperation of the prisoners' thunders around us as the noise increases in volume.

Chloe gives a wretched smile as if she might be sick. "Enough!" She roars so loud the horrible thundering decreases in an instance.

"Those are people, Chloe," I plead for her to understand. "Is there some way you can be bribed to help shut down these tunnels?" I can't believe I'm looking to Chloe like she's some sort of saving grace, but in the event she is, it doesn't hurt to ask. I'm that desperate.

"Laken is this way." She sashays down the hall, rocking her hips back and forth like this were a catwalk in Milan.

"You still didn't answer the question."

"Her room." Chloe lays her hand over the door, and snatches me by the wrist with the other. My eyes sting for a moment then readjust as the walls lose their ability to conceal what's behind them. "Believe it or not, I had grown attached to that Noster eye you gifted me." She smacks her overblown lips together. "Wes was kind enough to replicate the gift, now that you've taken my body away and gave it to that stupid witch."

Ezrina is anything but stupid, but I'm not up for arguing with Chloe. Instead, I'm mesmerized, looking straight through the door, and into the room where Laken sits on her knees, her head bent in prayer.

"Laken, it's me Skyla." I pound my fists over the door. "Chloe, you have to help me." I claw at the door in an effort to get inside.

"Laken isn't going anywhere." Chloe smacks me away. "She doesn't want to leave. She made a deal with Wes."

"No." I shake my head at the thought, my stomach ready to vomit. "What kind of deal-do you know?"

"She wanted the whole damn place shut down." Chloe throws my hand back. "She's altruistic like you in that sense."

"But the tunnels are still running." A smile tries to cinch up my lips because I can take Wes to court for breaking a covenant and taking a false prisoner. Of course, my mother will most likely say its null and void but it's a nice thought. "He didn't fulfill his end of the deal."

"Believe me, they bartered. And he was quick to comply for his little Lakey-Poo." She shoves her finger down her throat and gags.

"What?" That mountain of skulls runs through my mind. "Oh, God."

"Oh yes, those that were too ill to leave, didn't. He sent the ravagers to suck them dry. Trust me, they were thankful. We're talking deathbed action. It was mercy at its finest." Chloe offers a peaceable smile because she's heartless that way. "She wanted the whole operation to close up shop, but there was no way he could give in to that demand. Anyway, she begged for those who were suffering most to be released, and he made good on his promise. And-she begged for the children." She averts her eyes as if it were ridiculous. "He did that, too."

"He did what?" I dig my hand into her arm until my nails pierce through. If Wes and Chloe hurt a single child I'm going to skin them both alive.

"He freed them, Skyla. And now she has to stay. See? That's how bartering works." Chloe starts walking down the hall at a quickened clip and I follow, glancing briefly back at the door.

"He freed the children?" I'm not sure what to feel. I specifically told Laken not to sacrifice herself, partially because I didn't think for a moment Wes would make good on a single promise.

"Yes, Skyla. God, are you slow?" She shoves me into the wall. Chloe continues to scurry down the hall as if she were late for a mani pedi. "Oh, I'm sure it'll be all over the news. Most of those brats were born here. You should have seen the boo-hooing that went on as they were ripped from their mother's arm-the wailing, the gnashing of teeth." She pauses, cinching her floral dress at the waist. "Of course, now we have every mother in the tower clambering for updates. I tried to tell him that bowing down to her demands would only bring us a new brand of misery. But, I'm almost just as curious to see what becomes of the little shits. There's no doubt your silly mother is ready and willing to snap up a half dozen. She's forever trying to replace you, Skyla. Could you blame her?"

I let the remark about Mom go for now.

"So all the little kids are gone?" My heart gives a deep submarine thump at the thought.

"Eighteen and under. He's a real prince charming, isn't he?"

"Not by a long shot. I hardly think murdering those that were too sick to leave and stacking their skulls like a trophy is something to knight him over." And I'm one thousand percent sure Laken never intended for one of those poor souls to perish. Wes is sick-and, to be honest, I'm shocked at what a horror he's become.

Chloe gives a smug grin and combs my hair back with her fingers. A sizzle runs through my spine at her touch.

"The thing people like you and Laken will never understand is that someone like Wes-someone like me-will do anything and everything to ultimately get what we want."

"Because you're greedy as hell." And obsessed with the wrong people.

"We're driven, Skyla."

We exit the building and walk briskly toward the woods.

"You're sociopaths. Anybody who kills with no remorse, especially for their own gain is sick!" I jump in her face when I say it, but Chloe presses on through the budding fog, picking up her clip as she heads straight for the tower of skulls-straight for Wesley.

Chloe drops to her knees and bows at his feet. "Here she is my Master. Just as you requested."

A river of words try to flood from my mouth, and I end up gagging instead.

Did Chloe Bishop just fall to her knees in an act of worship and refer to Wesley as her Master?

Wes walks over. His horrifically familiar features soften the moment he lays eyes on me.

"Skyla, give me your hand."

"No. You are going to fry in the hottest pit in hell for this monstrosity that sits behind you. Those were people-with families, with beating hearts that longed to live outside these walls." I land a hard slap across his face, and he catches me by the wrist.

A vision comes to me-an entire row of prisoners lying supine-each of them hooked up to a series of machines. Their gaunt bodies are nothing but skin over bones, hollowed out cheeks, vacant expressions for as far as the eye can see.

I shake myself free and gasp.

"What the hell was that?" I pant, my mind still reeling from the images. Wes gives a heartfelt nod as if he understood the depravity of the vision he just imparted. It's so hard for me not to see him as Gage. A part of me wants to believe the only Fem around here is Wesley.

"I've taken over the tunnels, Skyla." His dimples press in as he gives an exasperated sigh. "That vision-that was the condition the Counts left those prisoners in. I wasn't trying to kill anyone. Ingram declared them brain dead. They already had a foot in the grave. The Counts are dry and desperate. They were keeping glorified corpses alive to satiate their thirst."

"Why not land them at the foot of some hospital? Surely they weren't all at death's door. A little hot soup and TLC and they might have survived! Face it, you screwed up again and now Laken will hate you twice as much as she did before." God, this version of my beautiful Gage is a murderer-how can that be?

"I promise you that each one went home without suffering." Wes steps in, tilting into me with those same expressive eyes. "I made sure it was quick-respectful."

I shake my head. "It's like talking to the devil. You expect me to pat you on the back for your superior sense of compassion? Guess what? It's not respectful to turn the dead into a monument. Each and every skull behind you testifies to the fact you're still a jackass!"

He turns toward the gruesome display.

"I won't lie." Wes pulls his lips into a line. "I'm not interested in preserving Celestra. Although, I promise you one thing, the bloodshed that took place was not on my hands. And any future bloodshed won't be either." He steps in. His dark brows touch down just over the bridge of his nose. "I'm not interested in killing anyone, Skyla. I'm interested in the Counts-in those that matter within the organization. Ours is the power and the glory, and the kingdom forever."

I take a step back and bump into a body.

"Skyla." A warm voice whispers from behind.

I spin into Gage while Logan and Coop crop up beside him.

"Where's Marshall?" I flit my gaze into the blackened woods.

Gage nods behind Wes, and I see Marshall's frame staining the skeletal tower like the shadow of death.

"I know where Laken is," I shout to Marshall. "We can get her out."

"A sacrifice has been made." Wes looks from me to Gage. "Laken stays."

Marshall steps out under the dim light of the moon, his features serious and drawn as if all hope of retrieving Laken has faded.

I step forward and land square in front of Wes-my chest pounds with the gravity of what I'm about to say.

"Take me in Laken's place," I say it loud and clear and I f**king mean it. Laken doesn't belong down here. I do.

Wes tilts into me, curious with the offer. "Do you swear on all that is holy that you, Skyla, offer to fulfill the covenant in which Laken willingly bound herself to?"

"It's an oath, Skyla"-Marshall barks it out harsh as a reprimand-"I forbid you to agree."

Gage pounces and wraps his arms around my body like a vice. "There's no way in hell, I'm going to let you do this." His warm breath trickles down my neck, and I mold to him for a moment.

Gage feels warm, safe. In every way, Gage feels like home. Carefully I extricate myself from his earnest embrace and step toward Wes. I doubt there's another soul on the planet who he would consider. And perhaps my mother might have mercy on me in some small manner. I glance back at Gage-then to Logan who I've already lost.

"I'll do it," I whisper.

A pale blue mist fills the air, and Laken appears by Wesley's side. Her long caramel hair falls over her shoulders in waves. Her face radiates the beauty of a bride on her wedding day. Laken is stunning. It's no wonder Wes is obsessed. And no matter how hard Chloe tries to morph into her likeness, she can never truly capture Laken's beauty.

Wes presses a kiss to her cheek before Coop snatches her to safety.

"Skyla." Logan comes over and wraps his arms around me. "I won't let you do this."

Gage steps forward. "Take me."

I look to Logan. It's as if Gage knew what he was going to say and beat him to the punch.

Wes bleeds a wicked smile as if that was what he wanted all along.

Why do I get the feeling we just walked into an elaborate mousetrap? The intended victim was Gage all along.

Wes extends his hand and Gage latches on. Their eyes lock over one another as if a war was erupting around them.

I thread my fingers with Logan's. They're talking.

If anyone can defuse this it's Gage, he says.

Wes, pats Gage on the back. "I think a lot of sacrifices were made today." He shoots Coop a look that spells hatred more than words could ever do. "Get out of here, all of you. I'm not interested in any more prisoners." Wes steps right through the tower of skulls and evaporates as if he never existed.

Wes is hell-bent on taking down Celestra-on destroying the Nephilim as a whole.

Wesley Edinger is evil-far more evil and wicked than Chloe or Demetri before him.

And without Laken's heart-he's dangerous as hell.

Gage

Rain falls over Paragon light as snow. We arrive back at Dudley's estate with Laken still locked in Cooper's arms. Their love exudes into the night like a song my heart still sings for Skyla.

"You want me to help you guys get back to Host?" I offer. It's not every day I teleport more than once, partly due to the fact I get sick as hell if I try. I tend to run low on juice if I overdo it. But, then, with my new abilities, I'm pretty sure it's a never-ending supply of power. And I wish it wasn't. I'd give anything to be Gage Oliver-an ordinary Levatio, once again.

"No, that's okay." Coop dots Laken's cheek with a kiss. "I think a ride on the ferry is just what we need to decompress."

"I'll drive you to the harbor," Skyla offers. "But only if you promise to come back here Sunday night." She hitches her head toward Dudley. "He's hosting a Halloween party, and I'd love for you to come as my guests."

"We'd love to. See you then." Laken gives a wave as they head out the door.

Coop and Laken take off with their hands racing up and down one another's bodies. I miss that with Skyla, and it hasn't even been a day.

Skyla steps up and examines me from head to foot with a discriminating look.

"Whatever happened back there-thank you." Her eyes swell up with tears, and she blinks them away. "I'd better go." She takes off out the door.

I listen as the Mustang roars to life, and she speeds away.

Skyla is gone, and my whole world is empty without her.

"All right, Gage"-Logan swats me in the gut-"what stupid deal did you make with Wes to get her out of there?"

"Whatever it was"-Dudley gives a half smile, his eyes indignantly focused on mine-"it was worth the effort."

"I get it." I hold my arms up a second while glaring at Dudley. "You're not interested in my existence. I realize the sooner I'm out of the picture, the sooner you can sink your hooks into my wife. But I know she loved me fiercely, and a love like that doesn't die overnight. So I wouldn't go popping the champagne just yet."

"You, Jock Strap, are allowed to have your myopic ill-conceived notions, but I assure you it's quite the opposite." His shoulders fall slack as he gives a wistful smile. "My heart breaks for you, young Oliver." His brows flex like he means it. "If I knew for a moment what was at hand, I would have warned you. Your love for Skyla is pure as morning. There's no doubt you would have avoided a covenant in an effort to protect her. But, as it stands, you are well past the starting gate. Skyla is your bride through and through. What's done is done." He turns toward the fireplace, and it roars to life, loud as a jet engine. "Get out, both of you."

Logan and I head for the door. I glance back at Dudley as he loses himself staring into the flames.

I'm almost positive he gave me the seal of approval as Skyla's husband.

If I dare read between the twisted Sector lines I'd swear he just said fight for her.

And I plan to.

Skyla once said our love was stronger than death. But is it stronger than the Fems?

I guess that's the burning question.

That night, Logan puts together a card game with Harrison, Nev, and Liam while Ezrina tutors Giselle with her math homework in the next room.

My parents turned in early once they took a look at this motley crew. I couldn't help note how relieved Mom seemed that Skyla decided to spend the night at her mother's. I shake the thought out of my head. I'm not in the mood to dissect any feelings of discontent Mom might have toward the girl I love.

"A Fem, huh?" Ellis draws a card and folds. "So this is pretty shit news. You think Messenger can get over this?"

"I'm hoping." I glance up at Logan because a part of me wonders if he hopes so, too.

"She will," he assures.

"So what's next?" Nev taps his cards on the table as if demanding an answer.

"Has Rina found a way to protect the genetic codes?" Logan asks, glancing over his shoulder to see if Ezrina heard.

"Not yet." Nev reverses the order of the cards in his hand.

"And there it is. Celestra-the Nephilim as a whole-remain in peril." Ellis flicks the deck across the table.

"If anyone can protect the code it's Rina. And she will." Nev shoots him a disgruntled look. "But there's no guarantee she'll do it in time."

I give Nev a placid smile.

She won't.

I know this much is true.

Logan

Halloween on Paragon happens every day just not as pronounced as this devil-filled night.

I'm usually not one to dress up for the big day, but since I'd rather be anyone than Logan Oliver at the moment, I've decided to give in and be a cop instead. I had my supervising Sector snag me an official Paragon PD navy shirt and trousers. The badge looks official, but I'm hoping it's a good quality fake since getting my ass hauled downtown for impersonating one of Paragon's finest isn't on my to-do list.

I park and head on up to Dudley's estate. It's already thumping and bumping with bodies ready and willing to grind to the music. Although, considering Emma and Barron will be here tonight, along with Skyla's parents, I'm thinking this will be more of a G-rated event. I offered to drive over with Gage, but he was despondent and unresponsive for the most part. I told him to haul his sorry ass out of bed and come on down. I'm not sure what he's having a tougher time dealing with, the idea he's a Fem, or the fact Skyla isn't ready to have a conversation with him. I think he's afraid she'll never speak to him again, and that scares him far more than being a Fem ever could.

Bodies congest the entry to Dudley's overgrown manner. It's dark, the music is loud, and I can smell Ellis Harrison and his stoner brood a mile away. So much for a G-rated evening.

I spot Skyla standing near the piano, looking beautiful as ever with her hair swept up, dressed as a fairy-Tinkerbell-my favorite pixie. She's with Laken who's dressed as a Playboy bunny, and Coop, the ever stealth Host quarterback.

"Flanders." I slap him some skin and give Laken a quick pat to the shoulder. "You okay?"

"I'm fine." She looks to Coop as if reassuring him for the hundredth time. "Anyway, something good came out of it."

"Warn me next time, please?" Coop presses a quick kiss to her lips. "I'm the one who should sacrifice for Celestra. In fact, I'm sure Wes is just counting down the days."

"No, Coop. You're not the one." Skyla shakes her head. Her wings sparkle as if every star in the universe were falling to her feet. A lime green tutu fans out around her waist, short and sweet. Skyla is a feast for the eyes, and it's hard not to get too worked up seeing her like this. "The sacrifice needs to come from me. It's obvious I need to think outside of the 'overseer' box." She cuts me a quick look, and her eyes glitter like jewels. "In fact, I've already got a few ideas churning."

"I'd be glad to hear them," I say, solemn because I'm half afraid to. And just because I'm listening doesn't mean I won't knock them down. The last thing I want is Skyla putting herself in jeopardy. My stomach comes to a boil because I know it's coming, and I'm most worried I won't be able to keep her safe. I glance at the protective hedge around her neck and wonder if that's enough to keep her from Wesley's brand of danger.

Laken gasps and points to the elongated mirror that Dudley keeps in the corner. It's the evil twin to the 'Realm of Possibilities.' That's the one Marshall gifted Edinger with centuries ago as an F you. It's an imagination playground that lets you crawl inside and build your own twisted world-unlike this one. Who the hell knows what this one truly does. All I do know is that it once helped give Skyla and me an edge to win the faction war.

"What's going on?" Coop looks stumped by the seemingly innocent speculum.

Laken stares ahead at a girl dressed like a cancan dancer straight from another era.

"That woman just stepped out of the mirror. She just"-Laken tosses her hands up, exasperated-"crawled right out."

"Oh, that." Skyla goes over and turns the infernal looking glass around so it's facing the wall, and, low and behold, another dancer, in a revealing dress, steps right out behind her.

I've seen it happen at least twice a week since I've been back. Dudley has a steady stream of women cavorting around at all hours of the night. Strangely they seem to come here to relax.

Skyla scoffs at the woman. "Professor Dudley likes to surround himself with estrogen-really old estrogen." She gives a hard look to the girls cluttering up the living room.

"I don't know about that." Laken tugs at the ear of her bunny costume. "I've seen the way he looks at you, Skyla. I swear, half the time, it's like he forgets there are any other students around. It's pretty clear where his interests lie."

I growl just under my breath. "Dudley has a thing for Skyla. I don't see it going away anytime soon."

Coop broadens his shoulders before tightening his grip over Laken. "He's lucky he's not looking at my girl that way."

"Yeah, well, I don't like him looking at Skyla that way either. And believe me, he's been schooled." I groan a little because Dudley has been known to fight back. "But she's tough." I give a quick wink to Skyla. "She can handle herself." I swallow hard because it kills me a little to know that Dudley has weaseled his way into her heart.

Skyla catches my gaze and holds it as if she's read my mind. I glance down to find our fingers touching and give a little smile because I'm not usually the one who lets my thoughts slip through.

"Do you think we could step outside and talk?" Skyla's voice shakes. Her eyes glisten with fresh tears.

We excuse ourselves and head to the back patio where there's already a cluster of people decked out in cheap polyester costumes. There seems to be more pirates and gypsies than one night knows what to do with. We walk out further until the noise of the party dissipates just enough. Skyla pulls me under a willow just shy of the corral and gives a forlorn smile.

"You look beautiful," I whisper, with an apology layered just beneath it. As much as I love Skyla, she belongs with Gage. We both know that.

"And you look like you're ready to arrest somebody in the best way possible." She glances to the ground, her cheeks filling with color. "I miss everything about you-about us." She swallows hard. "I don't want you to think that I forgot all those things we went through-all the heartache-the beauty of who we were."

"No." I pick up her hand and close both of mine over it. "This is the time in our lives where we bond on a new level. I want to say as friends, but, the truth is, you'll always be family to me." More to the point my wife, but I don't dare go there-no reason to. In every way she's Gage's partner in life-with the small exception of not speaking to him at the moment.

She squeezes my hand. "I heard you, Oliver." She presses her lips together as if trying to hold back the tears. "Thank you for that. You have to know I love you, Logan. I'm forever grateful you're back. I don't want things to be weird between us." She shakes her head as if a tragedy just unfolded. "I don't know how to do this, Logan. You and me." She motions between us. "I'd be lying if I said it didn't hurt like hell."

"I don't know how to do it either." I pull her in tight and sigh over her shoulder. "I promise you, it won't hurt like this every day." I lean back and look into her glassy eyes. "The last thing I ever wanted was to bring you pain. Let's take the power away from the grief and turn it around. You bring me joy, and if being near you is all I can get then I'm damn happy with that. I care about you, and I care about Gage." It's the truth. If it were anyone other than Gage I would be in agony. Watching Skyla with someone else would be a sentence far worse than the fires of hell.

She quickly wipes the tears from her eyes. "I'm damn happy, too." She takes a ragged breath. "Thank you for coming back to me-to all of us." She offers another full embrace, and I take in her scent-spring flowers and cotton candy. I inhale a deep lungful and lock it in. Skyla is the perfume of heaven.

I glance into the house and spot a familiar head of dark hair talking to Laken and Coop.

"There he is, Skyla," I nod over to him. "I think he'd be pretty happy if you said hello."

She closes her eyes a moment. "You really think it's okay to trust him?"

"Do you?" I, for damn sure, do.

"Yes." She bites down on her lip. "Logan, I'm devastated by what Demetri has done. I don't think I'll ever get over this. But I can't look at Gage like he's some monster." Her eyes flood with tears again.

"That's because he's not." I comb the hair from her eyes before tracing my fingers down her scalding cheek.

"He's not." She sighs, closing her eyes and a single tear rolls down her face like a star falling from heaven.

"Go, on." I turn her gently in his direction. "Besides, I need to find Liam and make sure he's not getting into any trouble." Not entirely true. I couldn't care less if Liam was setting the barn on fire while bagging Miller.

Skyla twists and wraps her arms around me one last time.

"I love you fiercely, Logan Oliver-please remember that, every single day. You are buried in my heart. I swear to you it's true." Skyla parts from me slowly, holding my hand until our fingers no longer reach. She blows me a kiss before heading toward the house. I watch as her skirt bounces in concert with her wings. It's hard to turn off my feelings for Skyla, and it's a good thing since I don't intend to, but it's equally hard to convince my dick we're just friends.

"Master Oliver," a voice calls from behind, and I turn to find Nev with a familiar looking Raven squatting on his shoulder.

"Who's this?"

"My brother." His smile goes off like a flash. "It seems Holden here is desperate for companionship. But, in truth, he's trying my patience."

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

"Skyla."

"I'm not sure she's up for any more Holden Kragger in her life, but he does come with some interesting benefits. I'll see what I can do."

Holden hops onto my shoulder, and I nearly topple over. I touch my hand to his feathers.

"What do you have to say for yourself?"

I swear I'll be the best damn bird Messenger has ever seen. I'll need a few perks every now and again, but who doesn't need a little something to keep 'em going?

I glance back into the house, at the sea of swarming bodies, and hope that Skyla has made her way back to Gage.

Skyla keeps me going. And judging by that depressed as hell look on my nephew's face tonight, she keeps Gage going, too.

"We'll, see." I shake Holden off my shoulder. He flies over to a nearby branch as I try to regain my footing.

A lot of things have been knocking me off balance these days, but I'm getting my bearings. It's good to be back on Paragon. It may not be easy seeing the two of them together but the only true paradise is being right here with Skyla-with Gage, with all of the people I know and love.

I sling my arm around Nev's shoulder as we make our way through the crowd toward Ellis and Giselle, Ezrina, Lexy-Brielle and Drake-Ethan and Emily.

There's something special about a place called home even if it is Halloween 24/7.

I'm home-on Paragon, near Skyla, right where I belong.

This is heaven.

17

The Devil's Dawn

Skyla

Again-why did I let Brielle talk me into dressing up as a sparkling fairy? Swear to God, there is nothing as itchy as glittery tights, except maybe a leotard that's seven sizes too small, and I happen to be wearing them both. Not to mention the fact the girls keep trying to escape their corseted prison. One of them nearly leaped out while I was hugging Logan goodbye. Believe me, that's the last thing Gage needs to see-Logan helping me stuff my boob back into my costume. Speaking of Gage-I do a quick scan of the living room. Nothing but stock skanks and a bunch of drunk frat boys. And, I have yet to see the guest of honor. I bet Marshall is disguised as a ghost-rendering himself truly invisible, of course. Hey, maybe that's why I keep getting a wedgie in all the wrong places? I give a wry smile because it would be just like him to torment me that way.

I glance around at the tinfoil pumpkins tacked onto the walls. A series of gauzy ghosts are strung all the way up the staircase. I know for a fact that's my mother's contribution to the evening. Marshall was nice enough to hire her less-than-stellar expertise and let her decorate. I know how hurt she was that she didn't get a chance to chintz up my wedding day, and I wish to God I would have let her. I guess not having my family present on that special day will forever be my biggest regret. Gage pops through my mind, and, for a fleeting moment, I wonder if making up with a Fem will trump that.

A crowd pours through the front door, and I catch Mia and Melissa both stepping in dressed as West High cheerleaders, which they are. My heart sinks a little because that was me just a few months back. I shake my head. I don't know how it's possible, but I miss those days with an indescribable ache, despite the fact Chloe constantly had me hogtied-still does.

I speed over and pull both my sisters into a strong hug.

"You look fantastic!" I take a hard sniff of Mia's perfume-baby powder mixed with lilacs just like my deodorant. Oh, wait. I pluck my face from her armpit and pull back.

"And you, Skyla"-Melissa is quick to detangle herself from my arms-"look ridiculous." She gives a wave to someone just over my shoulder. "Gotta run. Gabriel Armistead says he's got something long and hard in his pocket that he's been dying to show me." She gives a little giggle at Mia's expense. "Relax ladies. It's probably just his lightsaber. Smell ya later, losers."

We watch as she shakes her hips all the way over to a hairy yet scrawny werewolf, and Mia groans.

God-I hate to point out the obvious, but werewolves don't traditionally wield lightsabers. It's pretty clear Mom and Tad are going to have their hands full with Melissa this year. Her hormones, and that of her boy toy, are on fire. Something tells me they're about to engage in an intergalactic duel that involves more erogenous zones than I'd like to think about.

"Don't worry." I wrap an arm around Mia. "I wouldn't waste my time with hairy, scary boys. There's a prince out there just for you." A prince who had better keep all long, hard objects to himself if he knows what's good for him.

"A prince, huh?" She dips her chin, never taking her eyes off the two of them. "What if I'm more interested in a monster?"

My stomach pinches with heat because it makes me think of Gage. As much as I hate equating him to a hairy, scary beast, I can't get my head around the fact he's derived from Demetri-that in some small way, me being with Gage has given the Fems-my father's killer-a victory.

"I guess monsters are fine as long as he's really a prince in disguise. Come to think of it, I'd better find Gage." I start heading toward the door, and she pulls me back by the wings.

"Listen Tink"-she bears into me as if she's about to shank me-"tonight's the New Moon ceremony. Come morning, you'll have an entire band of angels that have turned against you and every other Nephilim on the planet. Forget that war you fought Skyla-this is mutiny."

"So I guess you'll have to make a decision." I swallow hard. "What do you think you're going to do?" I'm heartbroken at the thought of my own sister turning against me.

She glances down. "They said it would be terrible for those left behind. I don't want to die, Skyla. I don't want to be tortured or worse."

"Dear God, is that what they've threatened you with?"

She shakes her head, the look of terror locked in her eyes. "That's what they guaranteed." Mia takes off into the crowd and leaves me standing there with my heart melting in a puddle at my feet.

Wesley is the monster. His brand of wickedness surpasses all of the infamous Counts that have gone before him. How in the world can he be any relation to my sweet, sweet Gage?

I step out onto the porch just as Mom and Tad head inside.

Tad leans in dressed like a hippie, complete with long braids clipped into his sideburns and a rainbow bandana. "So the linebacker dumped you, huh? It didn't take long for him to figure out you were accustomed to three solid meals a day-don't forget snacks, and all those damn water bottles you keep opening and leaving around. The only thing he was really interested in was the gravy train-in other words the Landon refrigerator. And let's not forget those delectable dinner parties of your mother's. I bet he's crying in his gym socks over the fact his invitation has been permanently revoked."

Delectable dinner parties? What I want to know is how do I get my invitation permanently revoked?

I open my mouth to say something, but Mom holds up a finger. She's got Misty on one hip and Ember on the other-and, of course, Beau has curled himself around her left leg.

"Skyla simply spent the night." Mom is quick to surmise. "Everything is fine between her and Gage. Isn't that right?" She makes large crazy eyes at me.

"That is right. It was just some weird ferry glitch. And, anyway, I'll be out of your fake hair from now on." I hope. I scowl at Tad as he meanders into the party with his tie-dye shirt and flower power bellbottoms. I'm guessing the costume was free.

A car speeds into the driveway blaring its horn as if the brakes went out, and any second now I expect a handful of bodies to go airborne. Instead, the crowd parts like the Red Sea at the obnoxious sight. A bright light illuminates from the vehicle, and it takes a second for it to register that the car itself is glowing.

"Ethan is making a bundle." Mom touches her fingers to her lips and giggles. "Can you believe it? He's been taking orders all week. Tad has even let him convert the garage into a paint shop for a twenty percent cut. And, of course, there's Drake and his phenomenal T-shirt business. Did you know he rented a storefront next to the Gas Lab, and in the first three days he made enough to pay the rent? The rest has been sheer profit." She pulls her shoulders to her ears and gives a happy sigh before catching herself. "I'm sure you and Gage will be the next entrepreneurs-of course, after you've completed your education. I have faith in the two of you. By the way, is everything really okay?" Her eyes narrow in on mine.

Gage has always been her favorite. I take a quick breath and hold it. Could she have known about his connection to Demetri all along? God-knowing her, she's sensed it.

I shake my head in disbelief. "I mean yes. Gage and I are fine." I blink to attention. "In fact, I was just about to look for him."

Brielle appears from behind and scoops Beau up in her arms.

"Here's my baby boy," she coos into him. "Let's go find Daddy." Brielle is dressed as an insane version of Alice, and it looks as if she has all of Wonderland glued to her body, with teacups, kettles, cards, and hats all blooming out of her rear at once like a long, psychotic tail. "See you inside!" She gives a little wave before disappearing.

Emily shows up looking every bit her scary self and snatches Ember from my mother. "Thanks Liz. I'll keep her in my room tonight. I don't mind the nightshift."

I give a wistful smile at the sight of babies being stripped from Mom's body.

"I know what you're thinking." She cups her hand to my cheek. "But they're still in my life-and you-you'll always be my baby, Skyla. You know that, don't you?" A glimpse of grief flashes through her as if it pained her to think I didn't believe she was the real deal.

"I know, Mommy." I give her a quick kiss on the cheek, and baby Misty presses her hand to my chest. A vision comes to me, clear as a sunny L.A. afternoon. It's Gage and Wesley walking side by side on a dark fog-riddled night much like this one. They both have the same determined look in their eyes as they head off toward their destination.

I pull back and gasp, just looking at the tiny dark-haired being my mother holds. I don't know for certain if she's Demetri's, but I'm not sure I care to find out so soon in her young life. Her eyes sparkle the same color as the deepest end of the ocean, and she laughs while looking right at me. Besides, I think I already know.

"Hey"-Mom latches onto my arm-"did you hear about those kids that have been popping up all over the world? They just started appearing from thin air at fire stations, hospitals, churches, libraries-you name it."

Laken's deal with the devil comes to mind. "I think I did hear something about that." I stop shy of spilling all the details. I don't really want to get into it with Mom. I'm just glad those kids are safe unlike the poor souls who comprised Wesley's tower of terror. Wes is in for a surprise because, ready or not, I'm shutting down Tenebrous. This nightmare is going to end a hell of a lot sooner than Wesley thinks possible. He might think he has all the answers but I happen to have an ace up my sleeve. I give a quick glance around for my handsome ace of a husband, but there's not a sign of him anywhere.

Mom gives a mean shiver. "Times must be really tough for people to just start abandoning their children like that. Anyway I'm glad they're safe. Speaking of safe, don't stay out too late," she says, swaddling Misty in a blanket. "It's a school night."

She heads inside, so I walk over to Emily. She's waiting patiently for Ethan who's currently taking down phone numbers from a long line of people willing to turn perfectly good cars into colossal fireflies.

"Hey, Em." I offer a finger to baby Ember, and she latches on for dear life. No visions, here. I look to Emily a moment. "So, spill, what's the connection your family has to that dragon in your house? And Host. I know for a fact it's more than some employment status." I don't really, but I'd bet my standing as the overseer that something is up. The morning I married Gage, it was a dragon she scribbled out on that fated napkin she handed me. It was representing my beautiful husband who happens to be the farthest thing from a scary mythical creature like that.

Her mouth opens, and she blanks out just staring at the bolts of fog unfurling before us.

"We've been waiting for him," she says in a trance-like state, almost catatonic. "He's the chosen one." She snaps her head toward me like a woman possessed. "You know his name. He's come, hasn't he?"

I open my mouth, and it almost slips from my lips. I almost said, Gage, but I swallow him back down and hold him hostage in my throat instead.

"I don't know what you're talking about." It looks like it's my turn to hold onto the truth for a little while.

"You do." The whites of her eyes glow as if they were backlit, and a chill prickles up and down my spine. She grips onto my arm, digging her fingers straight through to my bone. "By the time the sun kisses the horizon, everything will have changed. Brace yourself, Skyla-the dragon is about to swallow you and your people, whole."

Ethan bumps into her and the baby starts in on a loud, hacking cry. Em, scowls at me before they scuttle off inside, but I'm still too stunned to move.

"Evening, Ms. Messenger." A soothing vibration strums through me simply from the sound of Marshall's voice, and I'm quick to lean into his chest. I twist around and nearly pass out at the sight of him.

Gah!

Marshall has a sickly grimace expanding over the girth of his face. His eyes glow a peculiar shade of rose.

"What the hell are you supposed to be?"

"A clown." He offers a Cheshire cat grin, and his painted on smile expands like an accordion.

"That you are." I take a deep breath and close my eyes because I'm not afraid of clowns, I'm not afraid of clowns. And if I say it enough I might escape this night without pissing in my glittery tights. I pry open an eye and inspect him further. He's wearing a pinstriped suit and Italian loafers that shine even in this dull light. Marshall has the ability to make even something as demented as a demon-spawned clown look sexy as hell. "I have something to tell you." I clasp onto his hand and let his fine-tuned vibrations wash over me, instantly calming my nerves.

"I'll listen to anything you wish to say." He picks up my hand and kisses a finger.

"Whoa," I whisper, carefully extracting myself from him. "I've got a husband around here that I'd like to keep." I glance toward the crowd. Gage is still nowhere to be found. God, he'd better not be a clown. A clown Fem! Double gah! I take a deep breath. "Marshall"-I stare up at his intense glowing eyes-"I'm going to make up with Gage."

"But the pain he's caused you-" He shakes his head and that eerie grimace bobs back and forth. "Nevertheless, I place the blame with your mother for relegating you to the beast to begin with."

"He's not a beast." Maybe a little. In bed. "And you're right. She should have filled me in on this tiny detail months ago." But a part of me is glad she didn't.

I press my lips together because it was Chloe I extracted the truth from. Which leaves me a little more than ticked at my mother for the deal I was forced to make with that scourge who keeps interfering with my life. I glance around because I fully expect Chloe to use her license to thrive and show up dressed as the most hideous creature of all-herself.

"Know that I'm here for you, Skyla. Together we shall overcome this evil you've bound yourself to for the rest of his unnatural life."

I avert my gaze. Gage is a lot of things, evil isn't one of them.

"Then please"-I lean into Marshall and his heady cologne tries its best to seduce me-"I beg of you to end the mystery of Emily's family. Is there something I should know?"

His chest expands as he takes in the scene. "They're a wicked brood." A look of discontent crosses his face, but that painted on grimace still unnerves me. "Steer clear."

"I knew it! She knows things. She does these drawings in a split second that are spot on. For a lack of a better term, it's freaky."

"Freaky indeed." He frowns into his words. "Artistic prophecies such as theirs can be traced back to the Roma people-gypsies as you'd know them."

"Gypsies, huh?" A chill ripples through me as if my intuition was keyed into something far more nefarious. "She said they were waiting for the chosen one." I grip his arm. "The dragon," I whisper because we both know who that might be.

"Skyla." He closes his eyes a moment. "The Morgan's are-"

"What?" I jump a little when I say it.

"There is a small migratory band of Roma who were mixed with a very powerful being from the Decision Council centuries ago."

"A powerful being? As in my mother?" God this is far more bizarre than I ever imagined.

"Heaven's no-as in Rothello."

"The long-haired dude with one eye?"

Marshall plucked the eye right out of Rothello's skull and gifted it to me, which in turn I stupidly gave to Chloe.

"Yes, well, that 'long-haired dude with one eye' has had his fair share of ill-excused behavior."

"Like starting the faction war in my name."

"That was destined to happen-as was this. His offspring-the Videns, have been reduced to vagabonds who await supreme leadership, and only then can they be recognized as an enclave faction. For now, they're nothing short of cursed sorcerers."

"Lovely." I swallow hard. "My father said the Master hates sorcery and fortune telling."

"Unless it's issued to you as a prophecy from the Master himself, it is abhorred in the Kingdom."

I breathe a sigh of relief because Dad said that, too. "And the rest of the story?"

"Rothello was kicked out of heaven's good graces and forced to live among the filth and blight of the race he created until one day he crawled back with his wings tucked between his legs. He sold his lineage to your father-in-law for a pittance, then was restored his position alongside your mother, and the rest is as you say-his-story."

"My father-in-law? Barron has something to do with this?"

"Your other father-in-law."

I glance over and spot Demetri at the edge of the driveway, making his way in this direction, and a rage boils through me.

"Oh, that one. Newsflash, he'll never be my anything." My hands clench into fists, and it takes everything in me to keep from running over and throat punching him. "What does the dragon have to do with any of this?"

Marshall holds a finger in the air as an epiphany comes to him. "It would seem it was the exact same century I boldly asked for your hand in marriage. Which makes sense"-he momentarily glares at Demetri-"the devil himself made the same request."

"Really?" I blink back with surprise. "But my mother said Demetri was led to believe Chloe was the Celestra born to lead."

Marshall looks down at me lovingly as if he was about to break some real crap news over my head, and I'm betting he is.

"It's becoming clear why Ms. Bishop is exceptionally obsessed with your betrothed."

"Fill me in because I'm still stuck in the fog." Literally.

"To be sure you would fall in love with his heir, he needed to know the attributes you desired most-looks, personality, physique-he then tabulated it all into one, Gage Oliver-and his predecessor, Wesley the Wicked One. Although, he has a different task, I assure you." He gives a long blink as though he were disgusted. "Nevertheless, it's an old trick used to create soul mates. Crawl into a waking dream and delicately pique the arousal factor until a fitting specimen appears in the minds eyes of the victim."

"I'm a lot of things but I'm not a victim. So, Demetri crawled into my dreams centuries before I was born..." Why does this not surprise me?

"With your mother's permission. I'm assuming he touched on a few candidates, such as yourself and Ms. Bishop. He might have thrown in a few Counts as well."

Laken and Kresley Fisher come to mind. They both have a heart for Wes. Of course, Laken has been forever inoculated of the desire to have him, but I'm sure her heart still aches for the boy she grew up with.

I shake all thoughts of Wes out of my head. I find it interesting that Demetri went through all that trouble, and, yet, that day at the bowling alley when I first moved to Paragon, it was Logan I was initially attracted to. It was my mother's and Demetri's wills colliding that afternoon. And, now, here we are with all our hearts strung out on a line, including Marshall's.

"Let's get back to the Videns." I shiver. "After Rothello sold them for a pass back to the kingdom, what happened to them?"

"The vagabonds then became charges of Demetri's."

"But he hasn't lead them. She said they're still waiting."

"Yes." He takes a cleansing breath, and a plume of fog swirls around us from the effort. "You see, if Demetri isn't leading them it only means one thing. He's reserved them for his heir."

"Wesley?" I ask, hoping for the best-or in his case the worst.

"No love. Its clear one son is to serve and the other is to rule. You, Ms. Messenger, are bound in union with the most powerful ruler of the Viden people. And, once he procures dominion through your loins, he will be your biggest foe."

"Are you trying to tell me that I'm married to my enemy?" I whisper low, shaking my head in disbelief. "Demetri forgot one detail. Gage isn't a Count. He still shows Levatio markings."

"I'm guessing the latter was to give Barron a level of comfort. No reason to blow his cover too early. As for the Counts, Wesley will lay them at his brother's feet. Gage has enough Fem markers in his blood to qualify as close to pure as possible."

I sway on my heels. The thought of Gage being a pure form of what I've come to associate with evil is wrong in every capacity.

"Gage will be in charge of Wesley?" I ask as if it mattered.

"If Jock Strap so wishes. The only being he'll need to submit to is his demon of a father."

Demetri nods as he passes the two of us. "And he will."

"Like hell he will," I shoot back. He won't will he?

"Skyla." The warm baritone of the sweet boy I love booms from behind, and both Marshall and I turn around. Gage stands there, gorgeous as a dream. His eyes siren out into the night the color of the ocean bathed in midnight. "Can we talk?"

"I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to leave." Marshall expands his chest, doing his best impersonation of a bouncer. "No costume, no admittance." He says it, stern, in a way that blatantly threatens to slice off Gage's balls if he doesn't comply.

"You're wrong, Marshall. He is dressed." I take up both of my husband's strong warm hands. "He's a prince."

I pull Gage back into the house.

It's time we shared a few words. And, if I'm lucky, more than a few kisses.

I think we can find our way back to one another.

God, I hope we can.

The party is barreling full steam ahead with the music pumping so loud the house has an irregular heartbeat.

I'm about to pull Gage through the back but then remember Logan, and just about everyone we know, is out there so I lead us upstairs instead.

The noise from the party becomes increasingly muffled as we ascend to the second level. The chaos from downstairs is replaced with shrill laughter and the sounds of heartfelt slapping-flesh against flesh-as if someone is being severely punished.

Perverts.

I try my hardest to break into a few rooms, only to find two locked and the third occupied with a seventeenth-century hussy and some poor fool with a faux-hawk that has no clue he's about to bag someone far older than his grandmother. It takes the term cougar to a whole new level-more like a saber-toothed tiger.

"Oh, hell," I hiss as I lead Gage to the master bedroom and lock the double doors behind us. Marshall's private abode is just as good as any, even though for what I'm about to do it feels just this side of sacrilegious.

I press out a sad smile at this god-like man before me while my chest pants up a storm.

Light pours in through the windows from the porch below, affording just enough illumination to see one another in our shadowed forms. Gage glows a pale shade of ivory. His eyes glimmer like a heated night in July.

"I promise you"-he presses a soft kiss over the top of my head-"I knew nothing about this until the other day." He leans in, tracing my cheek with his finger. "It never sunk in." His features pull down with the horrible gravity of the situation. "Still hasn't." He buries his face in my neck and gives a hard sniff. "Skyla"-he brushes slow kisses up to my lips-"tell me you still love me, that we're going to be okay."

My heart picks up pace-frenetic like an overwound clock just hoping to burst. I take in a ragged breath and blow it out as if I were exuding the Fems themselves from our lives.

"I still love you. I can never stop." I dig my fingers into his hair and pull him into a hard, lingering kiss. Gage has lips like pillows, soft as down feathers, and, for a fleeting moment today, I wondered if I would ever get to experience them again. I'm greedy for Gage-desperate for him. I had expected death, seen it on the horizon, but Demetri and his great deception blindsided us, totaled our world and now we just have to figure out how to rebuild it. I pull back and take in his bereaved features. "But I have no idea how we're going to do this." My voice cracks. It's all I can do not to lose it. "We can't let Demetri win." Tears come uninvited, and I blink them back. I love Gage so damn much it makes me wonder if Demetri has already won. I think he has.

My stomach pinches tight because I wonder if on some small, cellular level, Gage was vaguely aware of who he really is.

"He won't win." He pulls back with that same tragic look in his eyes that he used to wear back in high school whenever he saw me near Logan. "It's our children that give him victory." He touches his forehead to mine. "We don't have to go there."

A small cry escapes my throat because up until recently that visual of Emily's body splitting in two still made me the strongest advocate of child-free living, only now I take it all back. I want dozens of beautiful babies with this gorgeous man before me.

"No." I shake my head. "Gage, I want that with you."

His lips quiver, and he takes a forceful breath. "We can adopt. I swear, I'll love any child God gives us whether or not it's derived from our bodies."

"We can teach our children to stay away from Demetri-to hate him."

"Skyla." He touches his fingers to my lips. "Do you really want the focus of our children's lives to be on 'hate' of all things?" He swallows hard. "Besides, Demetri wins as long as he has a race. As long as someone in our lineage serves him, he comes out the victor."

God. I close my eyes and try to hold in the pain Demetri has caused in my life. First he took away my father, and now he's taken away my children.

"I hate that man-I'll say it until the day I die."

"Don't waste your energy." Gage drags his lips over mine, soft and supple, slicked with the dew from his mouth. "Are we good?" There's a pain in his eyes that only my reassurance can cure.

"We're more than good."

"Thank God." He gives a hard sigh right over my scalp, warming me all the way to my toes. "I thought I was going to lose you forever. I couldn't handle that." He cups my cheeks and gently pulls me to look up at him. "I worship you, Skyla, and I will until the day I die. You're everything to me. And without you, I'm already dead."

Our lips find one another. Gage presses in with deep, thrusting kisses that spell out his relief far more than a few simple sentiments. These were frenzied kisses that far outweighed their passion with an aching desperation-the affirmation of our love is being realized, right here, in Marshall's bedroom.

Gage and I give approving moans straight into one another's mouths. His teeth graze over mine. His tongue dives deeper with far more determination as he walks me toward the bed. Gage peels off my costume with ease. My tights twist as if he were fettering me at the ankles. I rip open his jeans and pull his impossible mass from his boxers. Gage fiddles with his wallet and holds up a condom in the light. A sly smile rises on one side of his face as if we were winning with this small act of procreative armor. He rolls it on, and, within seconds I'm on my back with Gage over me, ready and willing to put our brief separation to an end once and for all.

I pull off his shirt and press his body down to mine-nothing but skin on skin-best feeling in the world. Gage warms me with his sheetrock chest, crushing me with his full weight for a moment.

"I love you, Gage. You're the man of my dreams." And I mean it.

He huffs a quiet laugh because he's said that same thing to me countless times before. Gage started having visions of me around the same time my father died. I wonder if that's when Demetri realized his blunder. That gifting himself to Chloe Bishop was just another mistake he would make on his long journey filled with erroneous left turns, pot holes big enough to fit entire universes in-dominions.

Gage reaches down and gently pulls my knees around his waist.

He lifts up on his elbows and bears into me a moment as if taking inventory of our relationship one last time.

"Do you trust me, Skyla?"

"Without a doubt." I don't hesitate in giving the answer. Gage didn't ask to be a part of Demetri's wicked scheme. He just is. Just like I'm a part of my mother's plan, whatever that might be. We didn't ask for this. Nobody asked our approval. It was destiny dealing the hand-my mother hiding behind the veil as the curator of our misery, the captain of our prosperity. I'm not sure what her true intentions are with me. I have a feeling the faction war-the dormant task of the "overseer" was simply a test of what's to come. A fatalistic warning has sounded, shrilling through me like a hysterical siren in the night. Something is not right. All is not as it seems. It never was-most likely never will be.

A spray of lightning goes off, outside-illuminating the room bright as noonday.

Gage presses into me slowly at first then rough and greedy like a stallion riding out to battle. My body tenses as it receives him before loosening, relaxing, then finally enjoying the fullness he brings when he's deep inside me.

My fingers curl around the comforter as I give a heated cry. It's bliss like this with Gage. It's what I've wanted for so long, still do. I don't think I can ever get enough. He pushes in, thrust after thrust, and I move my hips to meet him-my body insatiable for more. I want to feel Gage in the deepest part of me. I want to feel that pinch when he tries to force himself further but can't. I soak in the feel of his body congesting mine, and look forward to the tremor that his muscles engage in just as he loses himself. I want the soreness that comes the next day. I want it all.

His lids crack open, and he looks at me looking at him, and we share a brief smile. No one else exists. We are our own private universe. Making love to Gage is magic, a thing of beauty that leaves me breathless each and every time. Gage and I are together again, the way it's meant to be-the way I want it to be.

Gage digs his fingers into my hips with a death grip and lets out a roar that transcends these walls, Paragon, all of creation. He pants over me hard while his heart thunders in his chest, drumming against my body as he quakes with ecstasy.

The walls shake. The bed vibrates before igniting like a flame for the briefest interval of time. I wrap my arms around my gorgeous husband, his skin slicked with perspiration.

Oh God, I shrink as the reality sets in. Gage peppers my face with hot kisses, his skin sweltering against mine. We just had makeup sex on Marshall Dudley's bed.

A tiny part of me can't help but feel like Gage just gave Marshall the ultimate F.U. even if it was long in coming.

I'm sure there will be hell to pay.

There always is.

Gage

There aren't too many moments in the last few days I'd like to remember, but that fire we just lit on Dudley's bed is definitely one I'll prize for the rest of my life and beyond. I've got Skyla back-my Skyla. And I can't help feeling as if I've escaped the guillotine.

We make our way to the back of the property where the ground clouds have infiltrated the landscape, giving the place a haunted appeal that a holiday like this demands. I help Skyla adjust her wings as she leads us over to Brielle and Drake. She's so damn beautiful, I can't believe she's mine. I can't believe she still wants me in her life after Demetri knifed us up with this new reality.

"Where were you, two?" Brielle bumps her hip into mine while holding Beau. "Getting a little treat of your own?"

"You know it," I tease, letting Beau attach himself to my finger. He's so big now. It's hard to believe this is the same baby I helped deliver a year ago at prom. My stomach boils for a moment because I'll never have that experience with Skyla, and it makes me want to find Demetri and kick the living shit out of him-still might.

"Well, we have big news." Brielle glances at Drake a moment. Swear to God, if she says they're having another kid I won't feel half as bad that Skyla and I can't because, at the pace Drake is breeding, there won't be enough room on the planet.

Brielle clutches onto Skyla. "We're moving out!"

"Really?" Skyla jumps. "Are you moving into Morley's slum? That's totally where we are!" She wraps an arm around my waist, and I sneak a kiss into her hair.

"A slum?" Brielle looks as if she might be sick. "No way. We're moving into a trailer. Drake went out and bought a single today."

"If things keep up"-Drake flicks her tit-"next year, we might even upgrade to a doublewide."

"A trailer, huh?" I try to think of where I might have seen one last. "I don't think Paragon has a trailer park."

"It doesn't." Drake growls it out like he's genuinely pissed about this. "I'm having it hauled over in pieces from the mainland."

"That's right." Brielle leans into him as far as she can without impaling him with the teapot strapped to her waist. "We're settling down right in the Landon's backyard. That way, we won't be too far from the little shit." She sets Beau down and pats him off until he runs loose into the crowd. "Go on now! Find Auntie Lizbeth!"

"You mean Grandma, right?" Skyla looks afraid for Beau, and she should for two good reasons: one, he's officially lost in the crowd, and two, his mother just nicknamed him after a bodily function.

"Nah." Bree flicks her wrist. "That makes her sound like a million years old. Trust me, I'm doing your mom a solid by avoiding that whole Granny crap for another few years. And that way when you two have kids, it'll be special."

Skyla lowers her lashes before glancing up at me.

"It will." I plant a kiss over her lips trying to remove the weight of her grief-of mine. I think adoption is going to be the right choice for us one day.

"Check that out"-Brielle nods behind us and we turn-"looks like Chloe Bishop came dressed as herself."

Skyla goes rigid in my arms. "That she did."

Chloe saunters this way, wrapped in a red velvet cape with a basket nestled in the crook of her arm, Wes in the other.

"Holy shit." Drake barks it out so loud, ten different people glance in our direction. "That dude is wearing your face."

"That he is." I brace myself as they fill in our circle.

"Brielle," Chloe purrs as she caresses the cheek of her longtime friend. "How much have you missed me?"

"Like a fly misses a big steaming pile of crap. Get over here girl!" Brielle pulls her into a power hug. "It's one thing to coach cheer with you, but, seeing you hit the nightlife makes it really feel like you're back."

"Brielle." Skyla plucks them apart.

Chloe smirks at her. "My dear, sweet, Skyla-relax. I'll always have Bree as a friend and, come tonight, I'll have your sisters, too." Chloe clips her with a mocking smile before turning to me. "Gage." My name floats from her lips like a threat. "Have you forgotten me?"

Skyla huffs a quiet laugh. "Believe me, Chloe, you're unforgettable. But if you leave now, we can always try."

Wes blazes into me with that menacing stare. Swear to God, I've never seen my face get locked in that position. He holds out his palm to me, and I slap him some skin without putting too much thought into it.

See you tonight. He cinches Chloe in, and they melt into the crowd once again.

"That was creepy." Drake breaks out in an exaggerated shiver.

"Sure was." Skyla tightens her grip around my waist, the sweet scent of cinnamon wafting up from her hair.

Drake squints, examining my features as if he's never seen me before. "So, like, you have a brother, huh?"

Logan comes up and joins our circle before I can answer.

"Sure do." I pull Logan in as Em, Ethan, Lex, and Natalie Coleman close in on us.

"Did you guys see Chloe?" Lexy pants, her eyes still wild with disbelief. "She looks like her old self again."

"She sort of is." Skyla lets out an exasperated sigh.

"Still can't get over the fact Pierce left me for that skank." Nat's entire body trembles with rage. "But I've got plans to get him back." She shakes out her burnt curls, her eyes lit like vengeful flames. "In fact, that's exactly what I'm going to spend the rest of my life doing. Pierce is mine, and he always will be."

Skyla looks to me and Logan and nods us toward the woods, so we take off.

"Looks like Ezrina better watch her back," she teases. "Not that Nev would ever leave her."

"No, he's faithful," Logan says as we pause in a patch of lamp-lit fog. "Just like Gage will be to you." He stares intently at Skyla a moment. "Everything okay?"

"It's perfect." Skyla wraps an arm around my waist, giving my back a light scratch. "Gage and I are bigger than Demetri-bigger than the Fems and the Counts put together." She lands a sweet kiss on my chest. "They can't have him. He's mine."

A breath gets trapped in my lungs. Something about hearing Skyla say those words in front of Logan solidifies everything I've ever hoped she felt for me.

"I'm glad." Logan breaks out in a genuine smile as he pats her on the back. "I'd better take off before I find Wes and beat him with my nightstick." He knocks the aviator sunglasses from off his head, and they land square over his eyes.

"It suits you, man." I give him a light sock over the arm. "You're looking good. You ever think about the PD?"

"Nope. I'll leave the blues to the boys who are feeling it. The only blues I'm feeling these days are when I look at the bank statements down at the bowling alley. Harrison is finally starting to turn things around. He says he's got a few new ideas that can make things even better, and I might take him up on it."

Skyla glances at me. "It looks like Ellis is coming through for a lot of people these days-or at least the next thirty."

We say goodnight and watch as Logan drifts back toward the chaos.

"So?" Skyla looks up at me with those expectant crystal cut eyes, and my dick perks to life. "You want to transport us to our little love shack over on Host?"

"And miss all the fun of the midnight ferry?"

"Who needs a ferry when we've got our own private transportation station right here." She outlines a heart over my chest.

I let out a dull moan. "You know what I was thinking? That maybe I shouldn't use my powers anymore-you know, unless it's a dire emergency. I kind of like the idea of being ordinary."

"Ordinary," she echoes while losing herself in my eyes. "You, Gage Oliver, are anything but." She hikes up on the balls of her feet and presses a sweet kiss over my lips.

My mouth opens to greet her, and our tongues spar in a playful game that has every cell in my body buzzing for her attention.

"What the hell," I whisper, taking a gentle bite of her earlobe. "What's one more time?"

I teleport us right onto the mattress of that mold-riddled hovel Ellis hooked us up with. Skyla melts in my arms as I make love to her thoroughly, leaving no stone unturned, on, this, the first night of the rest of our lives. Skyla and I have each other in every way possible. There are no secrets between us anymore, no mysteries to solve, nothing to hide and everything to live for-at least for a little while.

I wait a few hours until the steady sound of her breathing convinces me she's out for the night and carefully untangle myself from her body.

It's not that I want to keep things from Skyla, but some things are better left unsaid.

I leave a note on the kitchen table in the event she wakes up.

Went out for milk. Be right back.

Of course, I'll have to pick up some milk on the way home. I have no interest in lying to her. That's exactly why what I'm about to do is far more terrifying than finding out I'm Demetri Edinger's son-a Fem. What I'm about to do will affect the course of who I really am forever.

In all my years I've stayed within the bounds of the powers I believed I had, but now that I'm a wicked spawn-a brute beast-the powers have escalated far beyond any boundaries I thought I knew. And now, stepping into the Tenebrous Woods will be as easy as stepping into the next room.

Ordinary. I shake my head in disgust. I think I might have lied to Skyla earlier because this night requires me to be anything but ordinary.

A sacrifice was made to get Laken back-to free Skyla from her oath, and now I have to pay the price. And if I don't, the heart of one I hold dear will turn against me-and everything I think I stand for. Skyla is the only thing I hold dear, and if I stand for anything it's for Celestra-for the Nephilim people.

Ironic, though, since I'm about to turn against them.

The Tenebrous Woods form around me, dipped in midnight. The air is congested with the stench of a fire that burns in the distance.

I spot Wes and Demetri near the mountain of Celestra skulls that seem twice as high as it was before. A fire encircles the large, flat, granite altar with a trio of golden chalices set on a tree stump nearby.

"Brother." Wes slaps me over the back as I join their circle.

"Son." Demetri grips me over the shoulder, and my dinner does a revolution in my stomach.

"Are you ready?" Wes asks while ushering me closer to the flames.

I look up at the tower of bony grimaces as the flames roar to life around me.

"I've been ready." I sling my arms around Demetri and Wes. "I was born for this."

The three of us walk through the wall of fire and onto the granite stone of sacrifice. Demetri hands us each a chalice brimming with sanguine liquid that glimmers in the night. We raise our goblets to the sky, and they catch the dim reserve of light, shinning like three golden suns.

"To the Steel Barricade." Demetri's voice twists through the night. "The wine in your hands has been blessed with the finest Celestra reserve. This blood marks a new covenant, one that allows the Fems to prosper as they were destined to, so long ago."

"To the dawning of a new era." Wes raises his cup ever higher. "One that sees the end to the Nephilim and the beginning of a new breed of angelic beings."

Our chalices meet with a muted click before we drink down the blood of the innocent.

Demetri turns to me. "To the fruit of your loins, long may they prosper."

The sky explodes in a colorful fit of blue and red lightning. A horrible scream emanates from deep in the woods as if a live sacrifice were offered at this exact moment in time, and I pray to God that's not the case.

"Place your hands over the stone," Demetri instructs, and we do with Wes landing his on top of mine.

"The older shall serve the younger." Demetri looks to Wes, with that same shit-eating grin brewing on his lips. "Reverse the order."

I land my hand on top of Wesley's as Demetri pulls a spirit sword from the sheath strapped to his hip.

"Under the sanction of light and darkness, I declare a new ordinance-one that binds through blood, through life and through death, before Him who is invisible, immortal, eternal. We are gathered today under the cast of darkness to declare our loyalty to the Fems everlasting. So it is-so it shall be."

The spirit sword sparks to life as the blade illuminates an electric blue, disrupting the maudlin colors of this tainted underworld.

Demetri raises the dagger high over his head, his eyes glow like fires from the pit of hell.

Skyla and all of our love, the vows we took before man and God all swirl through my mind like a tempest. It's happening. I've slipped. I've fallen into the skin I was destined to reside in all along.

Demetri lets out a roar as he brings down the blade, pinning both Wes and I together.

The sky explodes in another colorful fit of fractured light as the Tenebrous Woods lets out a roar of its own.

The electrical show in the sky manifests into a twirling tornado above our heads before touching down over the spirit sword and moving its knife-like currents through all three of our bodies. The woods begin to fade away as we dematerialize.

Glimpses of my life with Skyla pulse through me, one picture after another spin in a dizzying circle of memories, of dreams and wishes that all point to the intense love we share-how right and beautiful it is.

I wonder if Skyla can ever forgive me.

I wonder if she should.

Logan

I've waited for a lot of things in my short life, waited for the rain to end, waited for the sun to emerge from the perennial fogbank the island is constantly locked in, waited for love to come-and all of those things eventually happened. I know the prophecy that Candace gave me is real, and I hang onto the fact that Skyla and I will be together one day. It feels more like a pipe dream at the moment, but most things usually do until they actually come to fruition. And, even then, some things simply feel too good to be true. That's what it felt like being married to Skyla for three bliss-filled days.

I'm waiting for Skyla in a waking dream I've left open to her tonight. The only way we can get into Tenebrous is without our bodies. As soon as she's sound asleep, she'll be here. I've summoned her, and we'll head out together to inspect this latest round of Countenance bullshit-the Bullshit Brigade-or, as Wes has aptly named it, the Steel Barricade. But he's forgetting I'm a Count, a dead one at that, so I get the all access tour with or without his permission. There's not a binding spirit on the planet that can circumvent me in this nocturnal state. Skyla and I are as good as gold. For once the lack of air in my lungs is working to our advantage.

I sit on the grassy knoll, in the world of my making, as I wait for her to materialize from thin air. I've brought Skyla here before-blue skies, sunshine, lollipops, and rainbows-a peaceful stream thrown in for good measure. The funny thing is, it doesn't look too unlike the real deal. The Paradise of God, Ahava-all of the heavenly places and spaces I've seen look remarkably just like this one with the binding ingredient being love. Love you can feel. Love that penetrates down to the dregs of your soul, blessed by joy everlasting-all of the same emotions I've had just being near-just thinking of Skyla.

"Boo." A gentle voice emits from my left, and I turn to find Skyla lying next to me in all her ethereal glory. Her hair is alive and electric, each strand lit up with its own filament of light. Her eyes shine like blue topaz, dazzling and splendid under the charge of the blazing sun. "Sorry I'm late."

"Not a problem. I'll just back up the train by about fifteen minutes. Nothing a little light drive can't cure." I glance behind her. "What about Gage?" It doesn't seem natural to see one without the other anymore.

She shakes her head. "I didn't think it was a good idea. I'm not sure Gage can hide from Demetri or Wes."

"You're right. They'd sniff him out of a celestial crowd in a heartbeat." I take up her hand and gaze into her breathtaking eyes. "You ready to do some party crashing?"

"If it involves taking down some Counts, I'm always in."

"Taking down the Counts." A dull laugh rattles through me. "That's all we ever seem to do."

The Tenebrous Woods form around us, dark as hell. The stench of a fire burns in the distance.

"It's that way." Skyla points over to the tower of skulls that twist into the night like an oppressive omen of things to come.

We make our way toward the altar Wes prepared with a ring of fire surrounding it like a barricade, a pedestal with three gold goblets sits high on a tree stump.

The Counts are conducting a waking dream of their own tonight, one in which each member of the Countenance will decide if they're turning their back on the Nephilim to join Wesley's newly minted band of pussies. Skyla and I are simply hoping to glean any information we can from ground zero.

Skyla picks up my hand and interlaces our fingers as we crouch behind a juniper bush. I close my eyes for a brief moment just savoring the sensation of her skin over mine. I miss this. I miss everything about Skyla even if I am holding her quite literally.

What do you think that altar is for? She gives my hand a squeeze. The waking dream is open for private voting, isn't it?

It's ritualistic. I squint over at it. Probably to commence the covenant in the name of their people.

Wesley steps out of the woods along with Demetri, and they stop just shy of the wall of flames.

"Do you think he'll come?" Demetri pans the woods as he asks the question.

"He will. I have faith in him." Wes glances around as if he's not sure at all.

A set of footsteps crackle from the blood-soaked path that leads to the tunnels, and a dark figure emerges from the shadows.

"Gage," Skyla gives it in less than a whisper.

Shit. My eyes widen as I look out at the clearing in disbelief.

"Brother." Wes slaps him over the back as he joins their circle.

"Son." Demetri lands a hand over his shoulder, and, right about now, I regret coming. I'm horrified this is happening-more so that I've brought Skyla here to witness the event.

"Are you ready?" Wes asks while ushering Gage closer to the flames.

We have to help him. Skyla pants with an urgency that can only be quenched by getting Gage out of this mess.

Gage looks up at the tower of Celestra skulls as the flames roar to life.

"I've been ready." Gage slings his arms around Demetri and Wes. "I was born for this."

Skyla and I watch as the three of them walk through the wall of fire and onto the altar. Demetri hands each of them a chalice, and they raise their goblets to the sky.

"To the Steel Barricade." Demetri's voice twists through the night. "The wine in your hands has been blessed with the finest Celestra reserve. This blood marks a new covenant, one that allows the Fems to prosper as they were destined to, so long ago."

"To the dawning of a new era." Wes spikes his cup in the air. "One that sees the end to the Nephilim and the beginning of a new breed of angelic beings."

Their chalices click before they drink down the blood of Celestra prisoners.

Demetri looks to Gage. "To the fruit of your loins, long may they prosper."

The sky shatters with lightning in a patriotic blend of blues and reds. A scream shrills from the heart of the forest, and Skyla gives my fingers a squeeze as if death were coming for her-and it might be.

"Place your hands over the stone," Demetri instructs. "The older shall serve the younger. Reverse the order." He pauses. "Under the sanction of light and darkness, I declare a new ordinance-one that binds through blood, through life and through death, before Him who is invisible, immortal, eternal. We are gathered today under the cast of darkness to declare our loyalty to the Fems everlasting. So it is-so it shall be."

Demetri wields a spirit sword high in the sky, and it lights up a burning electric blue, dangerous as hell to the touch. He thrusts it to the stone where Wes and Gage are huddled. It's a blood bonding. That sword would have killed any other Nephilim. It has the power to disable Dudley from his angelic properties for days at a time. This only goes to show how powerful-how resilient, the Fems really are.

The three of them clap out of existence, leaving a plume of cobalt fog in their wake.

Skyla steps out into the clearing, stone cold, with a vacant look on her face.

"It was never the Counts we needed to fear." She glances my way with a fire in her eyes. "It was Gage."

Chloe

The sun cuts across Devil's Peak like the opening of a wound as dawn breaks over Paragon. Wes and Gage have spent the last few hours bonding. It's a beautiful thing to witness. There is nothing like the bond between brothers-it's the lineage-the blood is what really qualifies you as family. All that other bullshit the world tries to feed you is simply a feel good message that belongs in a cheesy greeting card. You can hate your brother with all your heart, and he will still hold your blood-still be your closest relation. You can hate someone outside the family bonds just as vehemently, but the only title that will garner them is enemy.

I slip silently between Wes and Gage, and their conversation quiets.

"It's done," Wes says, staring out into the virginal morning. "The Steel Barricade is fortified with Counts that have willingly migrated."

"And the others?" I ask, warming his back with my hand. Wesley is a man right down to the bone, my man, for now. I glance to Gage, forever hopeful.

"They chose their destiny," Wes asserts.

"I agree." Gage takes in a lungful of fresh morning air, filling his body with the night dew that chose to linger. "I'd better get back. Skyla will think something is wrong."

Wes gives the slight hint of a smile because we all know it's laughable.

"It was real," Gage says, holding out his fist, and Wes crashes his knuckles against him. "Chloe." He nods over at me, and my entire body catches fire from the inside out.

Gage has finally come back to me. All of those lonely days, those tear-soaked nights, and yet here we are, elbow to elbow. Skyla never saw it coming, nor will she.

The brilliant sun catches the lip of the horizon and blinds us with its tangerine surprise before fading into the dense layer of mist that coats the water. I wrap an arm around Wes, the other around Gage and savor this moment-both brothers in my arms. Gage, the boy I gave my heart to, is right here with me where he truly belongs. In every single way, I feel complete.

Gage gets up and takes off, so I follow.

"Wait," I call and he turns to me one last time. His eyes illuminate the exact shade as the spirit sword. "We pulled it off."

A tiny smile twitches on his lips. "Yes, we did."

I glance over my shoulder at Wes, still zoning out into the infinite expanse, and I step in closer to Gage.

I hold out my hand, and he takes it.

He's dangerous, I say. Gage can hear my thoughts now that his full potential has been unleashed-there's nothing he can't do-including, turning against Skyla. Make no mistake, Wesley wants all of the power. If you're not careful you'll get yourself killed.

Maybe I want all the power. Maybe I'm the dangerous one. His dimples depress. Gage gives the first genuine smile all night. Besides, I'm not afraid to die.

I won't let you.

Gage leans in. I've seen the future, Chloe. It's you who kills me. His expression sours. He holds murder in his eyes, and it's all for me. My heart splinters into shards at the thought of him hating me.

Gage walks away, evaporating, fading into the fog until he becomes a part of the curtain that lies over this island. His dark hair, that beautiful body-it's all gone-wastefully off to Skyla.

I would never hurt Gage. My body shakes in a rage at the thought. I would never touch a hair on that boy's head. I might have done so in the past, but, the new me, this everlasting version knows his time is fleeting. There's not a thing I would do to speed along fate. I'll fight destiny, tooth and nail, to keep Gage alive.

I glance back at Wes as he strides toward me, looking every bit like the man I love. His eyes glow an electric shade of cobalt-Wes knows I like him best that way.

He reaches out for my hand, and I give it.

"Be Laken," he whispers.

"Not today." I morph my features-my bones melt as they reconfigure. My hair lightens until I bear the resemblance of Skyla Messenger.

Wes gives an understanding nod. "What did he say?"

"He said I was going to kill him one day. Can you believe that?"

"It's probably me you're going to kill." He gives a soft chuckle as we walk briskly toward the edge of Devil's Peak. The angry Pacific churns down below with its brutal assault against the jagged rocks. An icy breeze picks up, chilling us right to the bone.

"Oh, hell," I say, pulling him in tight-our feet at the razor's edge of the cliff. "Why don't we just kill each other?"

Wes gives me a firm shove off the side, and I catch him by the wrist, pulling him down along with me as the two of us sail hundreds of feet toward the rocky crags below.

Here we are-Gage and Skyla falling to our deaths. It's so romantic I almost want to cry.

We sail through the rocks, the shore, Paragon terra firma, straight down into the pit of my new hell, the Transfer with its bitter souls, its fermented air and spoiled food.

This is a new dawn-a new era-and Gage Oliver doesn't know the half of what he's gotten himself into.

For that matter-I pull my new partner in celestial crime in tight as we continue to plummet-neither does Wesley.

Nothing could be better for me.

Demetri Edinger has come through once again.

Nothing is over, Skyla. You think you can banish me? I'm going to banish you.

I give a virulent laugh as we descend into darkness-Wes and I falling toward hell-falling home. I touch his beautiful face-my lovely Gage-for now. Soon I'll have the real thing.

Nothing is over, Skyla-until I rid the world of you-become you.

Nothing is over

until

I

say

it

is.

