Prologue

There are some days when I don't even remember that my world has ended. I can watch the leaves blowing in the wind and listen to the birds chirping while the sun warms my soul and I'm quite content. Happy, even. My only worry is how best to spend the day. He doesn't even cross my mind on those days, and I'm not thinking about what I could have done differently.

And then, there are the days like today, when I'm just walking through a store and I see a card with a funny message, it says "To my favorite brother" or something similar and I feel my world stop suddenly. It's as if someone has sucker-punched me, and I stand there unseeing for what seems like hours. It takes everything in me to stop the whirlwind of emotions threatening to bring me down.

I don't know if the grief or the guilt is worse. The grief never goes away, but sometimes it hides out waiting to be found. Grief is tricky like that. It likes to play games. It likes you to think that it's gone. But then when it's found, and the guilt hits you once again, it is even harsher, and even more unforgiving, because it makes you think: how could I have forgotten? For even one second? How could I live my life and enjoy myself when he would never be able to?

I sat at the table with the business card in my hands, trying not to let my guilt consume me. I twirled it in my fingers, staring at the numbers. I looked from the card to my phone and waited. It was as if I thought the phone would magically dial the numbers itself. And if any business card were to have those powers it would be this one. It was so sturdy and impressive looking. This was no flimsy card made of cheap cardboard. Not at all. The man who had given it to me after the funeral had also looked very dignified and confident as he had tried to convince me to call him. He said that his name was Special Agent Waldron and that he had reason to believe that there was more to Noah's death than a mere suicide. He told me that it was of vital importance that I call him. At the time, I had been too angry and upset to listen, but now I wanted answers. I wanted to know what had really happened. And if there was someone to blame for Noah's death, I wanted revenge. I was going to make it my mission to avenge Noah's death, and nothing was going to get in my way. This was my life now.

Chapter 1

I was annoyed and impatient as I walked into the diner. It was too tacky for my taste. The silver exterior screamed of days gone by and the green and black booths reminded me of Happy Days, and I was certainly no Richie Cunningham. I watched as Emily applied her lipstick outside the diner and stood for a moment, waiting for someone to greet me. I counted to three and looked around to see what was taking so long. Didn't they know this was an important night for me? I looked at my watch in annoyance, and it was the sound of her laugh that first caught my attention. It was a light, happy and cheerful sound and I looked up to see where it was coming from. Without quite knowing what I was doing, I felt myself walking toward the laughing waitress and the other lady she appeared to be dancing with.

"One, two, three, one, two, three." She continued laughing as she followed the other waitress's footsteps. I stood for a second and just watched her attempt to salsa in the somewhat tacky burger joint I found myself in. She had a pretty smile, one of those smiles that was engaging and genuine. Her hair was long and chestnut brown in a ponytail, and there were wisps of hair that had escaped her hairband and framed her face. As I stood there and watched her dancing, I felt myself smiling and if it wasn't for my date, I would have stood there waiting for a few more minutes as well. I felt my annoyance and impatience fade away as I watched her carefully trying to master the dance steps.

"Excuse me, I'm sorry to bother you two dancing queens, but do you think we can get a table?" I regretfully interrupted her careful dance moves and I felt a jolt of electricity dart through me as she looked up and her eyes met mine. Her face flushed red and she gave me an awkward smile.

"Hi, sorry about that," she laughed. "Let me get some menus."

"I see you're quite a dancer, you girls going out tonight?" I wasn't sure why I asked the question and ignored the image that flashed in my mind; an image of dancing with this unknown girl in a sweaty club.

"No, no." She shook her head. "We work pretty late."

"That's a shame." I was about to ask her another question but she grabbed the menus and looked away from me quickly.

"I'm sorry sir, this way please." She walked quickly and I followed behind her closely.

"I thought I had walked into a dance class and not a diner." I teased her and laughed to myself as I saw her blush again.

"Sorry about that." She looked up at me and shook her head. "Maria and I get a little carried away at times."

"I think..." I paused as I felt the tap on my shoulder. I looked around and saw my date, Emily, standing there. I was annoyed by the look on her face but gave her a fake smile. "Hey."

"I thought you were going to come and get me." She frowned, looked around the diner, and wrinkled her nose. "Is this where we're eating?" She looked at the waitress in front of me and snapped. "Do you guys only have burgers?" There was an uncomfortable silence as we all looked at the sign directly in front of us that read Lou's Burger Joint.

The waitress stood there with an awkward smile on her face, and I felt bad that Emily was being such a bitch. "What is this place, Zane? I thought we were going to Ruth's Chris?"

"They didn't have any reservations, Emily." I sighed, annoyed, but made myself reach over to grab her hand so that she couldn't sense how fed up I was with her. "A burger won't kill you, just this once." And the meat comes from the same animal as a steak, I thought to myself.

"I guess so, Zane." She purred my name and the waitress looked up at us with a tight smile. I wanted to tell her that Emily meant nothing to me, but I didn't know why. I didn't even know this girl. And I didn't want to get to know her. Not when I had so much to figure out. I squeezed Emily's hand and allowed her to sit down in the booth before I took a seat.

"It won't be so bad, and if it is, I promise we can go camp out at Ruth's Chris. We'll stay all night until they deign to give us a table."

"Oh, Zane." She giggled, throwing her blonde hair over her shoulders. Her blue eyes sparkled, though they still looked cold and distant, and her perfect white teeth lured me in with their pearly gloss. Everything about Emily was seemingly perfect, yet everything about her also felt fake. I tried to ignore the happy genuine brown eyes of the waitress next to me as I sat with Emily. Emily was the sort of girl that most men would kill to be with. And I needed her to provide me with information. That was the most important thing. I didn't have time to sit here and think about some waitress.

"Do you guys know what you want to drink?" The waitress interrupted my thoughts and I glanced up at her again quickly, happy for an excuse to stare at her face. "I'll have a Corona, please."

"And I'll have a glass of water, no ice, add lemons." Emily didn't look up from her menu, and I saw the waitress stifle a sigh.

"I'll be right back." She walked away quickly and then stopped and came back to the table. "Hey, sorry, I forgot to tell you. My name's Lucky and I'll be your waitress today."

"Nice to meet you, Lucky." I nodded at her and she smiled before turning away again. What a name, I thought to myself. Who calls their kid Lucky?

"This place is so gross." Emily's voice irritated me as she interrupted my thoughts. I tried not to snap at her as she looked at the silverware in front of her with disdain. "I hope I don't catch anything."

"I'm sorry." I looked at her with a sorrowful expression. "I'm sure this isn't as nice as the place Braydon took you to."

"No, it's not." She snapped. "He always took me to the Capital Grille."

"Oh?" I cocked my head to the side. "Any particular reason?"

"We both liked steak." Her eyes flashed at me and I resisted the urge to ask her if she ever really ate more than a salad anyways. From the looks of her, I doubted it. But I knew I had to keep my thoughts to myself.

"The Capital Grille is a pretty popular place. I think Braydon goes there a lot, huh?" I continued, hoping Emily would make this easy and just give me the information that I wanted.

"I have no clue." She shook her head. "We only dated a few weeks."

"Yeah, he's a player."

"I haven't heard that you're an angel." Emily looked up at me and laughed. "You make Braydon look like a wannabe."

"I wouldn't say all that." I shook my head, embarrassed, even though her words were true. I didn't do relationships, and I made no secret of that fact either. Women only wanted one thing from guys: to settle down and get married. I shuddered just thinking of all the women who had told me they loved me and wanted to be with me forever. Women who didn't even know me, women I didn't know and didn't want to know. I suppose I was a bit of a challenge, the man that had never been in love. The man who didn't do relationships. Little did they know, that was never going to change. I was never going to let some woman come in and destroy me.

"Excuse me, but have you guys decided what you would like to eat?" Lucky's words interrupted my thoughts again and as I looked up into her clear brown eyes, I felt a slight shock of some unfamiliar emotion course through my bloodstream. My whole body felt on edge, and I scowled at her in displeasure. "We're not ready yet. I'll let you know when we are." I dismissed her casually, and I saw the quick flash of pain in her eyes. She looked at me uncertainly before she walked away, and I felt ashamed of myself for my cold and dismissive words. I took a gulp of beer and stared down at the menu with my heart beating rapidly. I wasn't sure what was going on, but as I looked at the items on the menu, the words blurred and all I could see was Lucky's face in my mind.

"Hey sexy, are you on the menu tonight?" A loud rowdy voice called out and I looked up to see some skinny punk trying to touch Lucky's ass. My blood boiled as I saw his hand on her back, and I was about to jump out of my seat and smack his hand away when I saw her glare at him and take a step back.

"I'm not on the menu, sir, and if you touch me again, I'm afraid to tell you that nothing on the menu will be available for you." She ended the sentence with a sweet smile and I saw the guy look at her with shock on his face. I bet no one had put him in his place like that before. I was impressed at her spunk and frustrated at the same time. What if the guy had groped her or gotten angry at her talking back to him? I looked around the diner and was upset to see that there were no men working, only Lucky and the other waitress she had called Maria. I bit my lip and looked back at my menu. It's not your problem, Beaumont, I repeated to myself over and over again.

"I guess I'll get the taco salad." Emily's whiney voice aggravated me and I wanted to tell her to just have whatever before I stopped myself. Get it together, Beaumont, I ordered myself. I needed to ensure that Emily was one of the girls who fell for my charm. I needed to concentrate on her and not let myself worry about some flimsy waitress, who was too bouncy and too open with her smiles. I vowed to myself that this was the last time I would come to this diner. I didn't need any distractions at this time and I knew that Lucky could turn into the biggest and most unwanted distraction of my life.

***

"Thank you for dining with us tonight." She avoided my eyes as she laid my change on the table, and I wanted to reach over and grab her chin. Look at me, I wanted to command her, look at me and let me see your beautiful brown eyes.

"It was our..." My voice trailed off as she walked away without letting me finish my sentence.

"Well, she's rude." Emily's voice was loud. "She should get fired."

"It's fine." I shrugged, not wanting her to see how annoyed I was that Lucky had dismissed me so casually. Who was she to turn around and walk out on me? She thinks you're a jerk, the voice inside my head whispered, and who can blame her? I pulled out a $50 and placed it on the table as a tip. Let her think I'm a jerk now. "Let's go." I jumped up out of the booth and waited for Emily to stand up.

"Where are we going?" She smiled up into my eyes and I knew she expected to come back to my place to f**k. Shit, any other night and I would have been all about that.

"I think I have to be up early tomorrow," I spoke with pretend remorse, trying not to watch Lucky as she picked up plates from another table. "I may just have to take you home."

"But, I want to spend the night with you." She whined and grabbed hold of my arm, her fingernails digging into my skin and causing an acute pain.

"Not tonight." My voice was low and grating. Why wouldn't she just shut up? We walked toward the door and just before we exited, I looked around and saw Lucky, standing at the booth I had just vacated, staring at me with wide eyes. I watched as she played with her ponytail, and an image of her on top of me running her hair across my face flashed in my mind. She mouthed thank you and gave me a sweet smile and I nodded before turning back around with a grin on my face. She wasn't mad at me anymore. A sudden lightness filled me and I wanted to run down the street and pump my fists into the air.

***

"So, I was thinking we could go back to your place, and I could show you my latest yoga moves," Emily whispered in my ear as I got into the car and started the engine.

"Not tonight," I ignored the urge to flick her fingernails off of my arm as I started the car. "Let me take you home."

"I don't want to go home." Her voice changed abruptly and I could hear the anger in her tone. "I want to go home with you."

"I'm busy." I turned on the radio and turned it quickly when I heard the sound of Paul McCartney singing "Hey Jude". I finally left it on the country station and listened to Tim McGraw tell me about how much he loved his dad.

"Too busy for me?" She purred again, obviously realizing that she wasn't going to get me by being surly. "I went shopping especially for tonight," she giggled, and I turned to look at her quickly. Her face glittered in the moonlight as we drove along Washington Avenue and I was struck at just how beautiful she really was. She was beautiful and vapid, and I had no interest in her whatsoever.

"What did you get?" I was curious. Not curious enough to change my mind, but curious enough to want to know.

"Crotchless panties."

"Oh," I grinned at her, my mind wondering if I shouldn't perhaps give her the opportunity to show me her new purchase.

"And the rest are edible." She shifted in her seat so that she was closer to me. I could smell the faintest hint of her perfume, it was obnoxiously heavy and I wanted to tell her that she shouldn't wear a perfume that was heavily marketed to someone her grandma's age. It wasn't sexy, and I turned my head to avoid the smell.

"Edible, eh?" I shifted in my seat at the thought of demolishing her underwear. The stirrings of unwanted desire grew in my pants for the briefest second, and then recoiled again as I thought about who I was with.

"And I'm sure you're hungry, after that horrible meal." Emily wrinkled her nose in distaste. "What a horrible restaurant: the food was awful and that waitress sucked, she was so rude and tacky." Emily's fingers ran down my now tense arm. "I suppose I should feel horrible for the girl; her life obviously sucks, working at a tacky diner, wearing cheap clothes, and well, if I looked like her, I wouldn't know what to do with myself."

"Looked like her?" My voice was low and I tried to not let her see how angry I was becoming at her words.

"You have to admit she was very plain," Emily continued and moved her fingers from my arm to my thigh. "I would hate it if I was that plain and had that horrible frizzy hair. Doesn't she know to go to a hairdresser? I can't believe they let her come into work looking like that."

"She looked fine." I gently shoved her hand from my thigh, it was dangerously close to my crotch and I was no longer interested in the possibility of bedding Emily, crotchless panties be damned.

"Well yes, maybe she looked fine, but I mean, who wants to look fine? I'm so glad I'm beautiful." Emily's voice was sharp. "Don't you think I'm beautiful, Zane?"

I looked over at her clinically and nodded. "Yes, you're beautiful." But you're not heartachingly pretty, you're not adorable and genuine. You're not a girl I would want for more than a night.

"Sometimes, I think guys like you take girls like me for granted." She giggled and placed her hand in my lap again. "You're lucky I said yes to tonight's date."

"I am." I tried not to roll my eyes at her words. I wasn't being cocky when I said I could have almost every woman in Miami. The only ones that would possibly say no were lesbians, and I'd even dated some of them.

"I want to go back to your place." Her voice was firm, and I knew that Emily was a woman used to getting what she wanted.

"That's not going to be possible." I pulled onto I-95 and pressed my foot on the gas. I was fuming inside at what she had said about Lucky. But not only was I fuming at her, I was also mad at myself. What did I care what Emily had to say about the girl? Some of it was true. Lucky was poorly dressed, likely because she was poor and she was working in a somewhat trashy diner on a Friday night. She wasn't a girl I would normally look at twice, for a number of reasons. Yet, something about the glint and smile in her eye wouldn't leave my mind. Emily may have called her plain, but there was nothing plain about Lucky. Her big brown eyes were expressive and beautiful. They were so open and honest, and I'd been able to read her every emotion; that was something I couldn't really do with the crowd I hung out with. And yes, her hair had been somewhat frizzy, but it gave her character. The loose tendrils surrounding her face had been sexy as hell, and I could picture myself playing with her hair in bed, as those tendrils teased my chest and face.

"Well, I guess you're not exactly as Braydon said." Emily's voice interrupted my thoughts and I turned to her quickly.

"Oh?" I looked at her through narrowed eyes. My heart had slowed and I kept my voice even. Did Braydon suspect what I was up to already?

"Yeah, he always said that you were just after sex, and any girl that dated you would be a fool to think you were interested in anything else." Emily looked at me with a wondering and weak expression. "But, I don't think you took me out just for sex? I mean, you're taking me home..." Her words trailed off, and I could tell she was confused, concerned, and slightly hopeful. I knew she was worried that she had lost her mystical powers of entrapping any man she wanted with sex. But I also knew she was wondering if perhaps, she had been the one to tame me, and maybe I was holding back on sex because I wanted a more meaningful relationship with her. I almost laughed in her face. There was no way in hell I wanted a relationship and it certainly wouldn't be with her, if I ever changed my mind.

"You almost seemed to pay more attention to that waitress than you did to me." Her voice was upset and my breath caught. "I felt like you didn't even listen to me much."

"I..."

"Like, when I told you that Braydon had asked me to go to a party with him in St. Barths next weekend and if you thought I should go, you didn't even respond."

"Wait, what?" I frowned at her words. "I don't remember you saying anything about a party with Braydon."

"Because you were too busy watching the waitress," she huffed.

"Oh." I bit my lip in anger at myself. What else had I missed watching Lucky walk around the diner? I'd never lost focus before, and now wasn't the time to start.

"It makes me wonder why you even asked me out," she pouted again and I knew that there was only one thing to do to make sure I got everything I needed out of Emily.

"Let's go back to my place." I hesitated slightly as I spoke, but I knew it was the only thing I could do, to make Emily happy again.

"Really?" Her tone changed and she slid back over to me.

"Really." I nodded and turned my car around and we drove back to my place in silence. As I drove, I felt an impending doom in my stomach. I'd slept with plenty of girls that I'd never cared about before, but somehow, this just felt wrong. This time, I just didn't want to do it. It wasn't that I wasn't attracted to her, she was beautiful and her body was amazing. Any other night, I would have f**ked her without a problem, but tonight, in this moment, the last thing I wanted to do was take her into my bed. I could tell myself it was because of my distaste for her, but I knew that wasn't it. I didn't even want to think about why I just wanted to go home and read my book by myself.

I felt numb as I drove back to my place. I could hear Emily prattling on about something, but I ignored her. She didn't seem to care now that she had achieved her goal. I guess I was just another notch in her belt: she'd be able to tell her friends that she had slept with Zane Beaumont, son of Jeff Beaumont, the head of Paragon Studios. For all I knew, she had aspirations of becoming an actress and was hoping for an easy in. Little did she know, I hadn't spoken to my dad in about a month and didn't care to either.

I pulled up the driveway and jumped out of the car quickly. I wanted to get the night over with, so I could take her home in the morning and be done with her. I was pretty sure she didn't have any info on Braydon, but I was hoping to convince her to go to the party with him in St. Barths, and maybe then she'd have a bit more to report back to me. She didn't need to know why. I just needed her to do my bidding.

"This place is amaaazing," she gasped as we walked through the large wooden doors. "Welcome to Miami, bitches." She walked across the hallway and directly to the large glass doors on the other side of the room. She stared out at the pool and turned to grin at me. "Let's go for a swim."

"A swim?" I frowned, not wanting to prolong the evening any longer. I didn't want to have to listen to her yap on about her hair and her modeling career any longer than necessary.

"I've always wanted to have sex in a pool." She dropped her bag on the ground and before I knew it, she was stepping out of her heels and pulling her clothes off. I stood there staring at her in surprise. I knew she wasn't a shy one and her body was as amazing as I thought it was going to be, but as I stood there staring at her in her bra and thong panties, I felt not one iota of yearning or lust for her. "Come to momma, Zane." She laughed and pulled her bra off, throwing it towards me. I stared at her br**sts in almost clinical fashion. They were perfectly shaped, and something about their perkiness screamed silicon to me. She leaned back against the glass door and ran her fingers up to her br**sts, in an attempt to be sexy, and I felt myself shudder at her obviousness. This had been a mistake. I was as indifferent to Emily as I had been before, but now I also felt extreme distaste at her attempt at seduction. I had no interest in taking Emily in the pool, or in my bed.

"Go and have a swim, and I'll meet you in the pool in a few minutes." I turned away and walked up the stairs casually, not waiting for a response. I needed a moment to think and to plan. I couldn't afford to make Emily mad at me, but I also knew it would be a cold day in hell before I would make love to her. There were some things that even I wasn't willing to do.

Chapter 2

"Oh Zane, you're such a big boy." Her fingers slid along my hardness, and I grinned at the wonder in her voice. I watched her as she played with my manhood and closed my eyes as she bent her head. Her mouth was warm and her tongue teased me gently. I groaned as she brought me to the brink of an orgasm. I pushed her off of me gently and shook my head.

"Your pleasure comes first." I grinned at the wide surprise in her eyes and kissed down her body softly, allowing my tongue to trail down her stomach to her sweet spot. I heard her gasp as I entered her, and she squirmed beneath me.

"Take me now, Zane." She reached down and grabbed my hair. "Please, please, take me now."

I kissed back up her body and positioned myself over her, pausing to grab a condom. She shook her head and grinned up at me shyly "no need," she whispered and I plunged into her, delighting in the feel of my skin against hers. "Oh, Zane. Zane." She screamed my name in pleasure, and I moved slowly, teasing her with my movements. I looked up into her eyes and they glowed at me in pleasure. "Zane, Zane, Zane." She kept moaning my name, and I felt myself moving faster and faster. I stared up at Lucky in amazement, as I felt myself about to come. I'd never felt this hot and on fire before. I felt like I was on top of the world.

"I'm going to come..." I groaned out and grabbed hold of her.

"Zane, Zane," I felt someone shaking my shoulders roughly. "Wake up." I opened my eyes slowly and saw an angry, wet, and topless Emily staring down at me. She stood there shivering and I jumped up, annoyed and frazzled. I looked to the other side of the bed to see where Lucky was, but I realized it had all been a dream. My heart was still beating rapidly and my body still felt hot. It had been such a vivid dream, I could still feel her warm breath on my skin. I could still taste her on my lips. I shook my head to gather my wits around me.

"Sorry, I must have fallen asleep."

"I was downstairs in the pool for over an hour."

"I told you I was tired." I walked over to the closet and threw her a towel. "Would you like to have a shower?"

"Are you going to join me?" She held the towel in her hands, and I averted my gaze from her br**sts.

"No, I think you should just go by yourself."

"You're a loser, you know that right?" She glared at me, and her voice was hostile. "Just take me home."

"You can spend the night. I have a spare room..." I started and stopped as I saw her nostrils flare.

"Spare room? Take me home." She walked out of the room. "I've never been treated so shitty in my life."

"I'm sorry, I must have just sat down for a second and drifted off." It took everything in me to not ask her how it was possible that this was the shittiest she had ever been treated. She was one of the biggest bitches I had ever met. I couldn't believe that no one had ever let her have it before.

"Whatever." She flounced down the stairs, and I followed behind her, watching her butt cheeks as she walked. Part of me wondered if I should just f**k her and be done with it. She was obviously aching for it, and I obviously was sex-starved if I was having dreams about some girl I didn't even know. I frowned as I thought again of the dream I just had. It had felt so real, I could still feel the happiness inside me as Lucky had screamed out my name. But maybe that hadn't even been a part of the dream, maybe that had been Emily shouting at me. I was uncomfortable at how much Lucky was occupying my thoughts. I didn't understand it and didn't want to think about her. She could bring nothing positive to my life. She could bring you love, a little voice whispered to me, and I stopped cold.

"Hey, come here." I called out to Emily urgently. "Let me make it up to you." My voice sounded unfamiliar to me, it was warm and wanting. Emily looked up at me hopefully, with her bra in her hands. "Come here." I commanded her this time. She grinned at me and ran over, dropping her bra on the floor.

"I knew you couldn't say no, not to me." She pushed her br**sts into my chest, and I felt nothing. I made myself smile into her cold and calculating blue eyes.

"Of course, I couldn't say no." I leaned forward to kiss her. This is what I knew. Sex, for the sake of sex. My lips crushed down on hers, and I slipped my tongue into her mouth. Her lips remained motionless underneath mine, and her breath tasted foul. I tried not to recoil from her and ran my hands down her naked back. She moved in closer to me and ran her hands down my chest and to the front of my pants. She started to unbuckle my belt, and all I could see was Lucky's face in my mind. I moved away from her slowly and rubbed my forehead. "I'm sorry," I shook my head. "I, I, just can't do this right now."

She looked at me in shock and tried to reach her hand down my pants.

"No," I pushed her hand away. "I'm not interested Emily, sorry."

"You just told me you wanted to have sex."

"I'm sorry, I thought I could do this, but I just can't." My voice was pained, as much for her, as for myself. I didn't understand it. I just knew that I physically could not have sex with her, the kiss alone had been torturous. The feel of her body against mine did nothing for me. If I was honest with myself, I knew that I didn't like her and didn't care if I never saw her again. Braydon or not. I sighed and felt like slapping myself, but I knew there were other women. I'd get what I needed from one of them. "Are you okay?" I walked over to Emily as she threw her clothes on.

"Just take me home." She growled at me, sounding very much like a male bear. I was taken aback as I stared at her and stifled a laugh. I guess her true colors were coming out.

"How about I call you a cab?"

"Whatever." She flung her hair.

"Let me call you a cab." I walked into the kitchen quickly and pulled out a number. "Hey, it's me, can you send someone over right away? Thanks." I hung up and walked back to where Emily was. She stood by the door and stared at me provocatively, I was pretty sure she was trying to look alluring, but she looked more like a rat that had nearly drowned.

"The cab will be here in a few minutes." I nodded at her and averted my gaze, feeling somewhat sorry for her.

"Don't bother calling me again." She gave me the death stare and I pretended to look disappointed.

"I'm sorry. The night didn't go as I intended."

"I thought you had more class, but I should have known when you took me to the grease spoon that you were..."

"I think we should both stop before we get any angrier." I interrupted her and stared into her eyes. "I don't think we want to end the evening on an argument." I knew that if she tried to disparage Lucky again, I wouldn't be able to keep my mouth shut.

"You're scum, Zane Beaumont." She spat at me and opened the door. "I'll be outside."

"I'll come out with you." I sighed, not wanting to join her, but not wanting to leave her outside by herself. I may be an ass**le, but I wasn't going to let a woman stand on the street by herself.

We stood there for a few minutes silently before I saw the car come down the road. I said a silent prayer that the car arrived so quickly and whispered to the driver when he stopped.

"Don't worry about the cost, I got it." I smiled at Emily and she glared at me without answering, as she got into the back of the car. "Thanks for coming, I had a fun night." I shouted out before she slammed the door, and I laughed to myself.

I walked back to the house and closed the door. I looked around the room and stared at the marble floor that sparkled so brightly, thanks to the light from the chandelier. The house was so quiet and I walked slowly, turning off all the lights. I thought back to the first time Noah and I had seen this place. He had known right away that this was the house he wanted us to get.

"Can you imagine the parties we could have here, bro?" He had punched me on the shoulder lightly, his eyes sparkling. "Look at the pool, right in the middle! This place is perfect."

I hadn't really agreed-the place was too ostentatious for me, but Noah had loved it. I felt my throat constrict as I thought about Noah. I didn't want to think about him or about anything anymore. All I wanted to concentrate on as bringing Braydon down. He was responsible for Noah's death. He had to pay. I walked up to my room and pulled out my phone. I needed to talk to someone. I didn't want to go to bed yet; I didn't want to face my dreams. I dialed the number of the only person I knew I could talk to.

"Special Agent Waldron." He answered the phone on the first ring, and I was glad that he was always available. Ever since the day I had decided to call him, he had always been here for me. Even if sometimes he was so vague that I didn't really understand what he was saying.

"It's Zane." I paused. "I just got back from my date with Emily."

"The model that dated Braydon six months ago?"

"Yeah," I paused. "She didn't know anything."

"I didn't think she would have much information." I heard some papers shuffling. "I'm not sure many of them will have access to the info we need."

"You never know," My voice was urgent. "I have to try."

"Yes, it doesn't hurt. Have you been in contact with Evan?"

"Yeah, we're going to hang out soon."

"Good. Once you get in with that crowd, you should be able to figure out who is closest to Braydon. And hopefully, figure out how many people are involved."

"Yeah." I sighed. "I have a date planned for next week with Brigetta."

"The swimsuit model?"

"Yeah."

"She's hot."

"They're all hot." I was nonchalant. Hot didn't mean anything to me anymore. They were all the same to me; a means to an end.

"Lucky bastard." Special Agent Waldron laughed and I closed my eyes as I sat on the bed.

"I don't care if they're hot. I just want them to have info."

"Yeah." His voice was monotone again. "Well, don't forget to let me know if you get any."

"Yeah," I scratched my head. "I took Emily to a diner tonight."

"Oh?" I knew that he was surprised. I wasn't the sort of guy to do diners.

"Yeah, Lou's Burger Joint. It was different, but kinda cool." I thought back to the beginning of the evening and watching Lucky dancing. I smiled thinking about the concentration on her face, as she tried to get the steps down, and the embarrassed smile she had given me when she realized I had been watching her.

"I see."

"I figure maybe I'll go back next week." I paused. "Unless you think it's a bad idea."

"I don't think it's a bad idea unless you get made."

"Yeah, I wasn't sure if it was smart to go again. I mean, I have no real reason to go back, but the food was pretty good." My voice trailed off. I wasn't sure why I was going on about the diner. Or why I wanted to tell him about Lucky. I felt a strong urge to say her name and talk about her, as if that would make me closer to her.

"Okay. Was there anything else, Zane?"

"No, I just wanted to report back about Emily."

"Let me know what happens next week, and stay safe." And with that, he hung up. I put the phone down on the mattress and stared up at the ceiling. I didn't normally mind being alone, but for some reason I felt antsy. I reached over for the remote control and turned on the TV. I stared at the screen and flicked through the channels until I came to Friends. It wasn't a show that I loved, but it was a show I was comfortable with. Watching Friends made me feel comforted, and I laughed easily as Joey made some stupid joke. I laid back in the bed and watched the screen. Within seconds, my mind had drifted back to Lou's Burger Joint and Lucky. I laughed as I remembered her dancing again. I couldn't seem to get the image out of my mind. She had been concentrating so hard as she followed her friend. Watching her move had sparked something in me, and I could still feel the spark that had run through me as she had looked up into my eyes. I closed my eyes and allowed myself to think about her and the way I had felt when we had spoken. I wondered if she had left work already, or if she had to work all night. I sat up, panicked and worried: what if she had to work until 3 a.m. and had to walk to her car by herself? Was that safe? I grabbed my phone and looked up the phone number to the restaurant and called the number without thinking.

"We're having a great night at Lou's Burger Joint, can I help you?" A lightly accented lady picked up the phone, and I assumed it was the other waitress, Maria.

"Hi, I, uh, was just wondering if Lucky was there." My breath caught in my throat and I wondered what I was doing, acting like a stalker.

"Oh, sorry, mi amor, Lucky just left with her friend."

"Oh? Her friend?" What friend? Did she have a boyfriend? Was I crazy? I was definitely crazy. I was just about to hang up when Maria spoke again.

"Her roommate Leeza. You should call her cell."

"Oh okay, thanks. I'll do that." I hung up quickly, grinning to myself. She hadn't left with a guy, she had left with her roommate, a girl. I shook my head at how happy I felt. "You don't even know if she has a boyfriend. Cool it, Zane." I mumbled to myself, but I didn't care. All I knew was that she was safe and with her roommate. It wasn't that I cared about her, I just wanted to make sure she was okay, because she seemed like a nice girl. And I didn't want to see anything bad happen to her, or any nice girl. If Maria had been my waitress, I would have made sure she was okay as well. I closed my eyes to stop my thoughts, but all I could think about was Lucky and her giant smile. The smile that had awakened something in me. It scared the shit out of me, but I knew that I couldn't wait for my date the following Friday, so that I could go to Lou's Burger Joint and see Lucky again. And maybe next time, she could teach me a few dance moves as well.

Chapter 3

"I think you'll like this place," my heart raced as I smiled at Brigetta as we walked to Lou's Burger Joint. Brigetta was surprisingly nice for a swimsuit model. A little bit of an airhead maybe, but she seemed like a sweet gal.

"Oh, I like all sorts of restaurants." She smiled at me sweetly.

"I hope you like burgers."

"I love burgers." She laughed and rubbed her stomach.

"Beef burgers or veggie burgers?" I chortled, but I wasn't paying attention to her answer as we walked into the diner. I looked around quickly, anxious to see if Lucky was working tonight. I felt my stomach drop as I only saw Maria and another waitress. She wasn't working. The disappointment that coursed through me was strong and I wanted to know where she was. Why would she take a Friday night off? Did she have a date? Weren't Friday nights the best nights for tips? Didn't she care that I was going to be in tonight? How would she know, Zane? The voice whispered in my head, and I frowned. I was losing it.

"Have a seat," the waitress I didn't know shouted across the diner to us. "I'm Shayla, and I'll be with you in a few minutes. Choose any vacant booth."

"Thanks," I nodded and walked over to the same booth I sat in last time.

"This place is cute." Brigetta giggled, and I looked up at her in confusion. I rubbed my eyes and took a deep breath. My head was not in the game at all. I had forgotten she was with me.

"Yes, it is." I smiled at her weakly. "So, do you like beef burgers or veggie burgers?"

"Huh?" She looked at me in surprise. "I just told you, I prefer bison burgers, their meat is leaner."

"Oh, yeah, yeah. Sorry." I gave her a dazzling smile, trying to ensure she didn't get upset at me. There was plenty of time for that later.

"Do you want to share fries?"

"You eat fries?" I knew that my shock showed in my voice and face and she burst out laughing.

"You think because I'm a Sports Illustrated model I don't eat fries?" She laughed out loud. "I'm from Nebraska, we eat everything."

"I don't think I've met a model quite like you before."

"That's what I like to hear." She winked at me, and I reached over and grabbed her hand and squeezed it.

"I'm so glad you were able to fit me into your schedule." I looked into her eyes. Time to turn on the charm. "I wasn't sure if I had lost my chance, after I heard you were going out with Braydon."

"I'm glad you didn't lose your chance as well." Lucky's voice was smooth and sweet, and I looked up with wide eyes, devouring her presence. Our eyes met, and there was a devious sparkle in hers as she grinned at me. "Welcome to Lou's Burger Joint, my name's Lucky and I'll be your server today."

"Nice to see you again, Lucky." I spoke calmly, as if I hadn't been having dreams of her all week long. "I wasn't sure if you were working tonight. I didn't see you earlier." But if my heartbeat is any indication, I'm more than overjoyed to see you.

"Oh, I was in the back." She grinned at me. "Doing lots of fun things with Mike."

"Mike?" I asked as if I didn't care, but I waited with bated breath for her answer. Was she allowed to have her boyfriend at work? I turned my eyes away from her quickly, as I didn't want her to see the jealousy radiating from me. Who the f**k was Mike?

"Mike is the cook." She smiled and handed us the menus. "Can I start you off with drinks?"

"I'll have a strawberry margarita please," Brigetta laughed. "I feel like letting loose tonight."

"I'll have a Corona," I said, happy again. I was starting to think my emotions were on some sort of yo-yo when it came to this girl.

"Thanks for taking the table, Lucky." The other waitress hurried past us. "We're just so busy tonight, I couldn't deal with another table."

"No worries, Shayla." Lucky smiled at her, and I watched as she licked her lips quickly before turning back to us. "Any appetizers, or would you like a few minutes?"

"A few minutes, please." I turned back to the menu, angry at myself for noticing that she was wearing eyeliner and mascara. She hadn't worn it last week and I was curious to know why she was wearing it tonight. The eyeliner brought out the hazel in her deep brown eyes, and they were so much silkier than I had remembered. I shouldn't have come back-she affected me more than I liked to admit. This had been a mistake.

"I love margaritas, they are so delicious." Brigetta's voice was sickly sweet, and I realized that maybe she was too nice. There was something about her that was just as fake as Emily had been. I took a deep breath as I realized that I wasn't being fair. Maybe both girls were nice. I just wasn't giving them a chance.

"Yeah, they are good." I nodded and studied the menu, feeling slightly uncomfortable. I wondered what Lucky was thinking. If she had noticed that I was with a different girl from the week before. Did she think I was a player? Or maybe she thought they were my friends. No, no, if she thought anything, she thought I was a player. Especially since she had overheard what I had said to Brigetta. But what did I care? What Lucky thought didn't mean anything to me. Frankly, if she really knew what I was doing here, she would think I was worse than just a player. I laughed to myself.

"What's so funny?" Brigetta laughed again, like she was a little princess, and I wanted to ask her, what's so funny now? Her image didn't match her personality. She was another gorgeous girl with her long straight black hair, emerald green eyes, a golden-brown tan, and a firm and toned body. She looked like a mean girl, but she acted like a little kid. Too wide-eyed, too happy, too giggly, too precocious. Yeah, that was the word. She was precocious. I felt like I was on a date with a little girl that I had to coddle. And I didn't want to coddle. I wanted to dance slowly and intimately. I wanted to feel the warmth of a feminine body next to mine, teasing me with the promise of more to come. And I wanted that body to be Lucky's.

"Nothing, just thinking that I'm so hungry that I could eat a whole cow." I smiled at her weakly. I was really losing it. I couldn't afford to have sexy daydreams about my waitress at that moment.

"Oh, that's funny." She laughed loudly and threw her head back. "A whole cow, ha ha ha."

"I didn't realize I was the second coming of Benny Hill." I winked at her, and she stared back at me blankly. "The comedian? Remember him?"

"No." She shook her head and laughed. "But you are funnier than Chris Rock."

"I'm funnier than Chris Rock, huh?"

"Oh, yes."

"I've never heard that one before." I looked around the diner, trying not to roll my eyes. All of a sudden I felt very tired. This was not what I wanted to be doing. I watched as Lucky smiled at a guy in a booth on the other side of the diner, and I saw her play with her hair as the guy talked to her. I had a feeling he was flirting with her as he was staring up into her eyes intently and leaning towards her eagerly. I felt angry that this man thought he had a shot with Lucky. Who was he? I turned away from them quickly, annoyed that I cared who was talking to her. She is no one to you, Zane. I repeated the words over to myself in my brain. She couldn't help me imprison Braydon for what he had done to Noah. I couldn't allow myself to think about anything other than that.

"Hey, I'll be with you guys in a minute." Lucky shuffled past us with a huge smile. "Sorry, we're busy tonight."

"No worries."

"And I'll bring your drinks to the table as well, as soon as I come back."

"Great." I couldn't stop myself from watching her as she walked away, her hair swinging behind her. "Bring yourself too, if you want." I mumbled under my breath and laughed. My body was calling out for contact with Lucky. Something in the way that she moved so fluidly was sensual and captivating to me. All I could think about was what her skin would feel like under mine.

"So, you know Angelique?" Brigetta looked at me with a jealous expression and my stomach twisted as she mentioned Angelique's name.

"Yes." The word was simple and short, but the shot of pain that ran through me magnified its meaning a hundredfold.

"She's beautiful." Brigetta said breathlessly. "I wish I looked like her."

"You're beautiful." I tried not to roll my eyes dismissively.

"Thank you." She preened at me, and I realized that Brigetta wasn't as nice and naive as she seemed. "I'm happy being a brunette and not a bleached blonde." She giggled and shook her head, allowing her hair to go flying.

"I'm glad you're happy."

"Do you prefer blondes or brunettes?" She leaned towards me with an intense look.

"I prefer brunettes." I didn't blink as I stared back at her. I felt Lucky approaching before she spoke, and I turned to look at her slowly. It was as if I couldn't help myself, there was some magnetic pull drawing me to her. "I prefer brunettes." I repeated as I stared at Lucky's silky tresses.

"Hey guys, here are your drinks." Lucky smiled widely at me, and I noticed that her teeth were all very white and even, not perfect-even like she had had braces, but cute-even, and pearly.

"Thank you." The words came out harder than I wanted them to, and she frowned slightly. There was no doubt in my mind that she thought I was some sort of psycho or douche.

"So Zane, I was thinking...."

"What?" I looked at Brigetta irritably, and she gave me a hurt look. Lucky looked back and forth at us with a concerned expression and gave me a timid smile.

"I'll come back in a few minutes." Her eyes glanced at mine quickly, and I was unsure of what emotion I was looking at before she turned away.

"What's going on, Zane?" Brigetta bit her trembling lip. "It's almost like you don't want me here."

"It's not that." I shook my head and clenched my fists. "I'm just distracted."

"By what?" Her eyes looked at mine with a hurt look. "Not Angelique, I hope."

"Chocolate." I sighed, thinking of Lucky's deep irises. "I'm mesmerized by chocolate." I groaned and tried not to laugh at Brigetta's confused expression.

"Are you on drugs?" She looked slightly worried.

"No." I rolled my eyes.

"'Cause I don't mess around with people who do drugs." She shuddered.

"Oh?" I frowned as the meaning of her words hit me. "What about Braydon?"

"What about him?" She looked confused.

"I thought he dabbled in stuff?" Isn't your ex a drug dealer? I wanted to ask.

"Oh no, Braydon is as clean as they come." Her voice sounded shocked that I'd even suggested otherwise.

"I see." I looked at my watch to see how long the date had been, and if it would be rude to cut it off early. Brigetta was going to be of no use to me. If she thought Braydon was clean, there was no way she had any information about his dealings with the cartel.

"Why were you talking about chocolate?" She looked at me confused again. "Do you want to go and get chocolate fudge? I know a place on Lincoln Road. It's near my condo." She leaned towards me suggestively, and I suppressed a sigh.

"No, I'm okay. I was thinking of green moors on cloudy days, haze and grit, and the sunshine peeking through giving you hope."

"Say what?" She sat back and gazed around quickly. "Are you okay, Zane? I have no idea what you are talking about."

"I'm talking about that moment." I mumbled, knowing I wasn't making sense and not really caring. "I'm talking about that moment when you know that you have made a connection that you can't explain or fathom. That moment when you realize that you can't control your mind. That moment when you realize your brain and your heart can play tricks on you."

"I have an app on my iPhone if you want to play it. It's a brain-training app. That might help you."

"You think?" I laughed. "That's one mighty app." Can it make me stop thinking about the girl who's inhabiting my dreams? I wanted to ask.

"It helps you to train your brain to remember stuff." She nodded earnestly. "It makes you smarter."

"Oh, you use it then?"

"Oh yes," she grinned.

"And you're on the way to Mensa?"

"Where?" She frowned. "You mean Mesa?"

"Mesa?"

"I don't go to Arizona much." She shook her head. "I prefer Nevada anyways, more pools." She grinned. "And of course, who doesn't like gambling in Vegas?"

"That's true." I bit my lip to stop myself from laughing out loud. "I do suppose most Mensa members don't go to Vegas much. They're smart enough to not gamble."

"I'm not from Mesa." She looked at me in confusion. "I'm not sure why you got the feeling I was from Mesa." She reached over and grabbed my hand. "But if you want us to go on a trip there, I won't say no."

"I think you're a very nice girl, Brigetta." I pulled my hand away and yanked out my wallet quickly. I felt bad that I was being rude but I knew I couldn't stand any more of this stupid conversation. "Here's some cash so that you can take a cab home. I think I need to just sit here by myself and think."

"You want me to leave?" Her face turned red. "So you can think about Mesa?"

"Yes, that's exactly what I want."

"Keep your money. You're crazy." She jumped up. "And don't call me again."

"I didn't mean to upset you." I stood up as well. "Tonight is just not a good night for me."

"Whatever, you can sit here and think of Arizona, and I'll go relax in a hot tub with my new bikini, a very small G-string bikini."

"That should be fun." I nodded, not caring if she would have said she was going skinny dipping in the Atlantic ocean. I just wasn't interested.

"Hey, I'm sorry, guys. Is there anything I can get you?" Lucky rushed over to the table looking worried, and I shook my head, wishing that I had the ability to shake her from my mind as well.

"Brigetta is just leaving, but I'll be staying to get something to eat."

"And to think about Arizona." Brigetta glared at me.

"Arizona?" Lucky looked at me with a perplexed expression and a twinkle in her eyes. I could tell that she thought Arizona was another girl and that I had been caught in my player ways.

"You wouldn't understand." I grinned at her, enjoying the fact that she was close to me and that we were talking and joking around like friends.

"Oh, I think I would." She rolled her eyes.

"Oh, you think so?" I winked at her and watched as exasperation and humor filled her face. From my peripheral view I could see Brigetta leaving but I didn't bother turning around to look at her. She was already gone from my mind. There was nothing she could give me that meant anything to me. Bimbos like her were a dime a dozen. And knowing she could give me no information on Braydon had taken her to the bottom of my list easily. If she had gotten that shocked about me asking if he did drugs, there was no way she knew any more info.

"Oh, I know so." Lucky twirled her hair in her fingers. "I know guys like you."

"Guys like me?" I tilted my head to the side. "What sort of guy am I?"

"If you don't know, I don't think I need to tell you."

"I want you to tell me."

"Would you like to place an order now, Mr. Beaumont?" She raised an eyebrow at me and I laughed.

"I told you to call me Zane."

"That wouldn't be appropriate."

"I'm not an appropriate sort of guy." I licked my lips and watched as her eyes followed the movement of my tongue. "But you already knew that, didn't you?"

"Yes, I did." She shook her head and looked around. "It doesn't take a Mesa scientist." She looked at me, deadpan, and I burst out laughing.

"You're different, aren't you, Lucky?"

"I'm not from Mars if that is what you're asking."

"No, you look much more like our friends from Venus."

"Why, thank you, kind sir. It's not often I get complimented on my beauty." She curtsied and then grinned at me as she straightened back up. "Now, what else would you like? My manager is going to fire me if I stand here talking for another minute."

I looked at her with a wide smile, feeling more alive and happy than I had in a long time. I felt a pang of disappointment at her words. I could stand here talking to her all night. I didn't want her to leave the table. I wanted her to sit down and banter back and forth with me all night. Then I wanted us to leave the diner and go back to my place, so I could devour her body one inch at a time.

"Zane?" Her voice questioned me lightly and I looked up at her searching eyes. We stared at each other in silence for a moment, and I felt a surge of electricity pass through me. It was so sudden and strong that it made me freeze for a moment. I felt as if I had been electrocuted. That's how powerful the connection was.

"I have to go." I jumped up, suddenly feeling disoriented. "Sorry, here." I pulled out a $50 bill and handed it to Lucky. Our fingers touched, and she jumped back slightly as we shocked each other.

"I didn't mean to be rude." Lucky bit her lip and looked away from me. I could tell that she felt slightly uncomfortable and I wanted to pull her towards me and touch her. I needed to feel her skin beneath mine, so that I could breathe in her smell, and then taste her sweetness. I wanted to make her laugh so that her eyes crinkled and her lips curved up, I yearned to hear her panting and begging me to take her. I desperately ached to make her eyes roll out of passion and not exasperation. I wanted to just talk to her; so that I could ask her where she grew up, what her favorite color was, if she liked dogs or cats, if she'd ever been horseback riding.

"I don't have time for this." I shook my head viciously, as if I could shake the unwanted thoughts out of my brain.

"I don't know what..." Her eyes looked at mine in worry, and I cut her off.

"Have a good night, Lucky. I'm sorry, I have to go." I touched her shoulder and walked out of the diner quickly. I started running as soon as I walked out of the door and cut down the side street to take a detour at the beach. I didn't want to go home, I didn't need to be reminded of Noah right now. I needed to rid my mind of Lucky and all the unfamiliar emotions that were coursing through me. I'd never had this sort of visceral reaction to anyone, and while I hated thinking and feeling this way, a part of me was in wonder. How could this girl have ingrained herself in my thoughts so heavily, without us even having a full conversation? I'd never even spent an hour alone with her. I didn't know her. But a part of my soul lit up like it never had before. Seeing Lucky and talking to her, took me to a place that I never knew existed. It was as if she held the key to a place in me that had never been opened before. A place so dark and secret that I wasn't sure if I wanted it to be found. I knew what women were capable of, and I knew that love was an emotion I didn't want to experience. There was nothing good that could come of love. It was a fleeting and fickle emotion and it made no rational sense.

I reached the boardwalk and almost pushed past a little boy to get to the sand. I stopped and waited patiently as he picked up shells and moved forward. He looked up at me and grinned, holding up a small, translucent shell in his fingers.

"Shell." He mumbled, and I smiled down at him.

"Very nice." I was about to move past him, when he pushed his other hand up to me.

"Shell." He showed me the shell in his other hand, it was slightly bigger, but had a darker exterior that was still covered in sand.

"Another beauty." I nodded at the boy, and he grinned.

"Here." He made to give me the shell and I shook my head.

"Oh, no, those are yours." I ran my hands through my hair as I stared into his big, open brown eyes. "You should take them home and keep them as a souvenir of your trip at your beach."

"Here." He pouted at me and pushed the smaller, prettier shell into my fingers. "Shell."

"Take it, please." A woman to the left of me smiled at me. "Connor loves to give people gifts. And honestly, we have too many shells in the hotel room as it is. We leave tomorrow morning, and he's meant to be in bed right now, but I let him come down to get some more shells because I knew he would be begging me all night if I didn't. Thank God for bright lights." She laughed as she pointed at the row of streetlights that ran along the edge of the sand.

"Sure. I understand." I nodded at her and took the shell from his grubby little fingers. "Thank you, Connor."

"My please." He grinned, and I tried not to smile as he messed up the phrase.

"No, it's my please."

Connor grinned up at me, and then looked back down at the sand, looking for more shells. I smiled at his mom and walked past them, holding the shell in my hand tightly. I walked quickly to the shore and sat down in the sand and stared out at the horizon. The ocean looked calm, and so did the sky. It didn't match the unrest that lingered in me. I squinted down at the shell in my hands and traced the lines carefully. The shell was so small, but it was very delicate and beautiful. I studied it for a long time, trying to memorize the patterns as they sparkled up at me in the moonlight. I closed my eyes and tried to picture the shell in my mind. I could see the shape clearly, but instead of the lines that made up the character of the shell, all I could see was Lucky's face. I sighed and laid back in the sand, opened my eyes, and stared up at the blackness of the sky. The stars twinkled in the sky, and it was as if they were mocking me, because I could see Lucky's smile in the shape of the lights. I closed my eyes again and counted to ten and tried to think about anything but her. It was like she had bewitched me or something. Maybe she had done something to my food so I couldn't stop thinking about her. That had to be the answer. Why else would she be consuming my every thought? It wasn't natural. I took a deep breath and tried to picture the shell in my mind again. This time, I could picture it as clearly as if I were staring at it in the sunlight. I lay there for a few minutes and just thought about nothing. There was something calming about not having a million thoughts crowding my brain. I could almost believe that everything in my life was normal again, that I was just a guy who was trying to be a screenwriter, who dated around, and hung out with his little brother.

"Zane." My eyes popped open at the sound of the voice. I jumped up and looked around, but there was no one there. I placed the shell in my pocket and walked back to Collins Avenue, back to the bright lights of all the hotels and restaurants. Back to the land of happy people. I walked back to the diner and stopped and looked in the windows. I saw Lucky in the corner smiling at some guy who was grinning at her like a fool, and I felt the sudden urge to run in and drag her away with me. I was going crazy. I didn't have any reason to feel jealous.

I walked away from the window quickly and to my car. I pulled out my cellphone and saw a nasty text message from Brigetta waiting for me. I tried not to roll my eyes as I climbed into my Lexus is300. It was a pity that Brigetta was mad at me because I didn't want her to spread the word that I was rude, but I really didn't care what she thought. My only concern was to rid Lucky from my mind so I could concentrate on getting Braydon incarcerated. I wasn't going to let anything come between me and my goal.

Chapter 4

"She's nice, Zane. Don't be a douchebag." Noah's green eyes crinkled as he hit me in the shoulder. "You do not want to mess this up."

"Whatever." I shook my head and sighed. "There is nothing to mess up."

"Give her a chance. Nice girls aren't bad."

"Nice girls aren't always good." I rolled my eyes. "And with a name like Lucky, how nice can she really be?"

"You're a dick, you know that, right?" Noah laughed. "Be an ass then. Just don't become a grumpy ass when you see her with other guys."

"I'm not going to see her with anyone. I'm not even going back to that stupid restaurant."

"Really? You're never going back to that restaurant?"

"I have no reason to go back now." My heart pounded as I realized that the words were real. "You're here." I paused and squinted at Noah. "Wait, how are you here?"

"How am I here?" He laughed. "I'm your brother, I'm always here."

"But you... you died." The words tripped out of my mouth.

"Get to know her, Zane. Don't just cut her off."

"I don't want to." I shook my head. "No."

"You think about her all the time."

"I think about you all the time." My voice rose. "I don't have time for anything else."

"I love you, bro." Noah smiled at me, and his eyes looked at me wistfully, like they did whenever he tried to bring up our mother. I blinked furiously as his body started to disappear and I was staring at thin air.

"Noah?" I broke out into a sweat and looked around the room. "Noah, where are you?"

"He's not here." A sweet voice whispered in my ear. "He had to go."

"Where?" I turned to the side and saw Lucky's concerned eyes staring into mine. A wave of an unfamiliar emotion ran through me and she smiled at me softly. "Lucky." I said her name quietly, as if testing it out and she smiled at me again, this time a happy grin, and she made my insides light up. "Lucky." I repeated as I stared into her eyes.

A coughing fit woke me up, and I sat up blinking furiously as I tried to adjust my eyes to the darkness. I jumped out of the bed as I realized I was sweating and that I had been dreaming about Noah and Lucky. A chill ran through my body as I realized that Noah was still gone, and I realized that I was even more upset when I had thought that Lucky was a figment of my imagination. I walked to the shower quickly and jumped in, wanting to clear my mind from all of my crazy thoughts. I was angry at myself. How could I have been, if only for a minute, more worried about not seeing Lucky again than about the fact that Noah was dead? It was shameful. I needed to get her out of my head. It wasn't natural for someone to fill your thoughts like this; especially someone you didn't know. I had barely spoken to her, but all I had to do was close my eyes to see the small dimples in her cheek when she smiled and the way her eyes lit up when she thought something was funny, but she didn't want to laugh. I already knew that she twirled her hair in her fingers when she was nervous or angry, and she looked down when she was embarrassed. I scrubbed my body hard with the soap as I realized that I knew more about this girl than I knew about girls I had slept with for months. "You're f**king crazy, Zane." I mumbled to myself. I didn't need this shit. I was losing my focus. I didn't need this girl making me soft or occupying my thoughts. How ironic was it that now that Noah was gone, there would be a girl I couldn't forget. He would have been laughing right now. I laughed at the irony. Noah would love this; he would absolutely be getting off on this shit. He had been telling me for years that he couldn't wait for me to meet a girl that would change the equation in my life, and I had always rolled my eyes and scowled at him. That was never going to happen, I had always told him. And even now, I was determined that it wasn't going to happen. Lucky meant nothing to me. My body was probably reacting this way because I wanted to sleep with her. I hadn't gotten laid in a while. I was probably fantasizing about her because she seemed off-limits; maybe I was finally over the model girls that gave it up easily. Maybe my body wanted a challenge. This was the worst possible time for me to develop the thrill of the hunt. But it was what it was. I would sleep with her to get her out of my system, and then I would be fine. That would be it. I would then be able to put 100% of my thoughts and energies into bringing Braydon Eagle down.

I decided to go through Noah's stuff in his room instead of going back to bed after my shower. I knew there might be some clues in there, and I also wanted to avoid having any more dreams. It was better for me to do something productive right now. I needed to think that I was doing something that was actually helping. I walked into Noah's room hesitantly. I hadn't really been in it since he passed away. It was as messy as he had left it when he had moved out and gone to stay with Braydon after we had argued. I took a deep breath and looked around at the unmade bed and at all the papers strewn on the table by the window. I was embarrassed to admit to myself that I had no idea why he had so many papers on his desk. I wasn't really sure what he had been working on in his last days. I picked up a random piece of paper and saw a bunch of notes that didn't make much sense to me: 1954, Alabama, The Great Migration, de jure vs. de facto, Thurgood Marshall, jobs, housing, education, freedom rides. At the bottom page there was a phone number, or what I assumed to be a phone number, but I wasn't sure whose number it was. I kept that page in my hand and continued looking through the pieces of paper: there were a lot of quotes from Martin Luther King, Jr. and Malcolm X, and some people whose names I didn't recognize like Stokely Carmichael and Huey Newton. There were a lot of quotes that pertained to black power, and I wondered what Noah had been working on. I knew he cared about equality, but I hadn't realized he was so actively involved in this stuff. I grabbed some more papers and sat on the bed to go through them. This time all of the information seemed to pertain to a couple named Sidney and Betty Johnson. And there was a lot of information. From what I could tell, Noah had been in contact with them during the last few months of his life. Maybe they had some insight into what had been going on. I bit my lip as I realized that there was no email address or phone number on any of the pages, and I had no idea where they lived. I sighed and was about to drop all of the papers back on the table and go back to bed when I realized that I did have a phone number on the first piece of paper. I wasn't sure if it was the Johnsons' number, but it was worth a shot to call it. I realized that the area code was a California number, so it was way too early to call. I would call later when I knew that there was no possibility that I would be waking the Johnsons up.

***

I couldn't hide my excitement from myself as I got to the diner. My heart was racing, and I was glad that I was a good poker player. My exterior certainly didn't match the emotions coursing through me. I walked through the diner doors by myself, as I had told my date to meet me there. She had sounded a bit surprised at my request, and normally the chivalrous man inside of me would never let that happen but I wanted an opportunity to see and talk to Lucky without being with someone else the whole time.

"Welcome to Lou's," Lucky smiled at me widely, and her eyes looked surprised as she looked behind me to see who I was with.

"She's meeting me here." I laughed, wanting her to know that someone was coming eventually.

"Brigetta?" She questioned and she laughed as I shook my head. "Oh, okay, I see."

I winked at her and shrugged my shoulders. She didn't really see, but I didn't want and couldn't really afford to go into detail as to what was going on. I had convinced myself that it was okay to get to know Lucky, so I could get her off of my mind, but I still couldn't do anything to compromise the case. I would never forgive myself if something went wrong because I was trying to get a girl into my bed.

"Do you think I'm a player?" I asked her as we walked to a booth.

"I, uh..." Her blush answered my question, and I laughed.

"I personally think it's better for me to date multiple girls to see which one is right for me, as opposed to leading one girl on."

"You haven't found one that is right for you yet?"

"Maybe," I smiled coyly. "But not really."

"Maybe you should date outside of the modeling world then, that might help." Lucky looked slightly embarrassed at her words, but she stared at me defiantly.

"But models are so hot." I licked my lips and tried not to laugh as her face went red. "Why would I want to date a girl that isn't hot?"

"If all you care about is them being hot, then I feel sorry for you." She glared at me then, turned around. "I'll be back to take your drink order when your date arrives." And then she walked away. To say I was disappointed at the end of our bantering was an understatement. I loved how she was able to challenge and question me without backing down. I'd never had anyone in my life like that before, well, besides Noah. Noah had told me all sorts of truths about myself that I hadn't wanted to acknowledge. But I was glad that he had spoken his truth.

"Hi, welcome to Lou's. Is a booth okay?" I looked up and saw Lucky escorting two college guys to the empty booth next to mine. Lucky avoided my stare as she walked toward me, and I watched as one of the guys studied Lucky's body with his eyes. He looked up at me before getting into the booth and grinned, and I glared at him. What an ass**le. Who did he think he was to objectify Lucky like that?

"Can I start you guys off with drinks or any appetizers?" Lucky went into her reel, but I noticed that she was smiling widely at them. I frowned as I realized how sweet and open she was being to them. Why was she encouraging that guy? Didn't she realize that he had just been staring her down, and could possibly be a psychopath?

"How about your number?" The guy I had made eye contact with went in for the kill right away, and my breath caught as I waited to see what Lucky would do. He was a handsome guy, too preppy for my taste, but perhaps Lucky would like him.

"Ha ha, funny guys." She dismissed the question without answering. "I'll bring two waters while you guys decide."

"Aw, so I take it that's a no?" The guy pouted and I rolled my eyes, still listening to the conversation but feeling more at ease.

"I'm sorry, but between work and school, I don't really have any free time to talk on the phone."

"Where do you go?" The other guy looked up at her curiously, and I strained my ears to listen as well.

"I'm at the University of Miami," she smiled. "I'm a history major, so lots of reading, writing, and research."

"History is boring." The guy laughed. "We're both at UM law school."

"Oh, cool." She nodded her head and smiled. "I guess I could say I find the law to be a bit boring as well." ZING! I grinned at her words.

"Oh, so do we." The guy laughed. "But it's all about the money, money, money."

"And making it rain on them hoes." The other guy laughed and they high-fived. I saw Lucky's face change from interested to disgusted, and my insides felt lighter than a balloon.

"Excuse me please, Lucky." I called out to her, and she smiled at me gratefully.

"Excuse me, guys, I need to take care of my other customer, but I'll be back with your waters and to take your order in a few minutes." She walked over to me without waiting for an answer. "How can I help you, Zane?"

"I thought you might want an excuse to get away from those wannabe rap artists." My breath caught as Lucky's eyes lit up in laughter and her obvious struggle to keep it in.

"Thanks." She rolled her eyes. "It's not every day I get to meet winners like that."

"Thank God for that." I played with my fingers before I spoke again. "So, you go to UM?"

"Yes," She nodded. "I even hope to graduate some day."

"That's cool." I smiled, trying to contain the excitement that was bubbling up in me. I couldn't believe she was a history major. I had an idea, but I wasn't sure if it would work, and I didn't want her to know that I knew what she was studying. "Do you like movies?"

"Movies?" She looked confused. "That was a random topic change. I guess I do enjoy movies."

"Sorry, I'm a bit all over the place today. I've just found that many people who like history like movies, and you know, documentaries."

"I can't say I've watched too many documentaries, but that's mainly because I don't have much time, or cable." She pulled out her pad. "And now I better get your drink order before I get in trouble for chatting with the customers all night."

I want to be more than your customer. The words were spoken in my head, but as soon as I thought them, I knew they were true. I also knew I had to call the Johnsons back. As soon as possible. Maybe there was a way for me to get to know Lucky and to continue Noah's work. It had seemed highly impossible when I had spoken to them earlier. How was I going to make a historical documentary on their lives? I'd told them that I would try to work my magic and see what I could make happen. I knew that if Noah were alive, he would want me to continue making the documentary on the Johnsons. And now that I knew Lucky was interested in history, it seemed like a sign. Maybe this was Noah's way of helping to bring Lucky into my life. It seemed like fate that she was also interested in history, and this documentary was on the history of the Johnsons' life and segregation. It was almost like a sign. And I would do anything I could to make sure that it came true. I needed to bring Lucky into my life, if I wanted to stop my constant thoughts about her. I knew that once I'd had my fill, she would be forgotten like all the rest.

***

Sandra, my date for the night, arrived about ten minutes later, and I was surprised at how laid-back and smart she was. I wasn't sure why Braydon had dated her. Yes, she was pretty, but she wasn't beautiful, and she didn't seem the sort to care about Hollywood and fame. In fact, it was refreshing talking to someone who wasn't an airhead or self-centered.

"Here are your two salads." Lucky dropped the plates off at the table, and this time I didn't look over at her and smile my thanks. I kept up my eye contact with Sandra and smiled. I couldn't afford for another date to think my attention wasn't 100% on her.

"I hope this will be the most delicious salad you have ever had." I smiled seductively at Sandra, hoping to get Lucky a little jealous.

"Anything else?" Lucky questioned, and I shook my head without looking at her again. A part of me felt bad for ignoring her, but I knew that I would be too distracted by her if I made eye contact with her, and I needed to focus on Sandra. I had a gut feeling that Sandra knew something about Braydon, and I wasn't going to allow myself to fail at getting that information out of her.

"I'm sure it will be good. Though, I really wanted a juicy burger and fries." She laughed.

"So why didn't you get one?"

"I had a burger for lunch. I try to eat one healthy meal a day. Otherwise I will blow up like a balloon."

"That's unlikely," I looked over at her trim body and smiled.

"I recently lost about 50 pounds." She grinned at me. "And I think my body is missing it."

"Fifty pounds? Really?" I was shocked for two reasons. One, I couldn't imagine her being overweight, and two, I couldn't imagine Braydon dating an overweight girl.

"Yeah," She sighed. "I lost the weight at rehab."

"Rehab?" I tried not to be nosey, but I had a gut instinct that the information I was after was tied up in this story.

"Yeah," she ate some salad and paused. "I was addicted to cocaine and weed."

"Cocaine and weed?"

"My last boyfriend got me hooked."

"Oh?" BINGO!

"Yeah, he liked to snort a lot of coke." She shook her head. "I should have known I was walking into trouble. You always hear that Hollywood types are druggies, but I guess I didn't really expect it."

"He did a lot of drugs as well?" I was surprised. From everything I had heard, Braydon wasn't really a drug abuser, more of a drug pusher and casual user.

"Yeah, coke, heroin, molly. You name it, he was doing it."

"Huh." I frowned. This didn't sound right.

"Yeah, so I dumped him and dated his friend." She laughed. "Though, I started dating his friend 'cos he got it cheaper for me."

"Oh? So you dated two actors then?"

"Yeah, yeah, I know you're thinking, why date two drug addicts?" She laughed. "Honestly, the second guy wasn't an addict, he just had access to a lot of drugs."

"I see." I was betting the second guy was Braydon.

"I mean, if I am being honest, I still preferred the first guy but he became too much of a downer. Braydon was fun and had the hookup."

"So Braydon helped you score?"

"Well," Her face went white. "I don't really want to talk about it. I've been clean for a few months now."

"Good for you."

"But yeah, I lost weight in rehab. So I try to eat lots of salads to keep the fat off."

"Interesting." I didn't want to tell her that I'd never really heard of an overweight drug addict before. But I didn't think that it was a really relevant part of the conversation.

"But I'm clean now." She leaned towards me. "I hope I haven't turned you off by being too honest about everything. I know that's a flaw that I have."

"Of course not, I love honesty."

"Is everything tasting okay? Is there anything else you guys need?" Lucky stopped by the table again, and this time I turned to her, but she looked over my head and didn't make eye contact with me.

"It's great, thanks, Lucky." My voice was soft and I willed her to look at me but my nonexistent magical powers didn't work. I sighed inside and realized that she was probably upset at me for ignoring her earlier. My stomach lurched as I realized that she might not easily forgive me. I knew that I was already in an awkward position, trying to get to know her while bringing a different date to the diner every week. She probably thought I was a player, or a jackass, or both. And she wouldn't be far from the truth. But I couldn't allow her to just dismiss me. She had wheedled her way into my subconscious, and her smile was indelibly ingrained in my mind.

"She seems nice." Sandra raised an eyebrow at me.

"Who?"

"Your crush."

"Sorry what?" I looked at her on confusion.

"The waitress." She nodded towards Lucky. "Lucy, or whatever her name is."

"It's Lucky, and she's not my crush."

"If you like her, you should ask her out."

"I'm on a date with you."

"Hey, I don't mind, honestly. I'm just trying to get by, day by day. And frankly, I was surprised when you asked me on a date." Sandra shook her short, dark brown hair. "I thought you were going to be a jerk, based on what Braydon used to say about you. But you're cool. I just don't think we have any sexual chemistry, you know?"

"Oh, really?" I made a face, surprised at her remark. It was true that I wasn't particularly attracted to her, but I was shocked that she wasn't attracted to me. I mean, most women were, and I felt slightly dissed that she had dated Braydon but didn't think I was good enough.

"Don't get me wrong, I could ride you all f**king night." She winked at me. "But I don't think that's what you want."

"Well," I laughed, slightly blown away at her words. This girl didn't play. "I can f**k with the best of them." I laughed out loud, and then groaned as I realized Lucky was at the next table. I had a feeling that she had heard what I'd said because she gave me a shocked look before turning away from me. Fuck it! I was making everything worse for myself. "Though, I'm not the sort of guy that just sleeps around." I spoke loudly so that Lucky could hear, and Sandra gave me a funny look.

"Dude, I'm not trying to be funny. And I know this is weird because we're technically on a date, but just ask her out. Write a letter or note to her or something. Girls love that shit. Leave your number in the letter and ask her to call you."

"You're pretty cool, you know that?" I shook my head in amazement. "But no, I won't be doing that."

"I know, I know. I'm unique." She laughed loudly. "And now that I'm not a f**king dopehead, I'm about more than just giving my body away."

"I'm glad to hear that."

"Though, the offer for tonight is still on. I can rock your world if you want me to." She leaned towards me and winked. "There are things I can do with an ice cube that will have you wishing you lived in the Sahara Desert."

"Oh?" I leaned toward her, intrigued. "You're making it very hard to say no."

"But I'm not making it easy enough to say yes, am I?"

I shook my head reluctantly. She was right. While my body was interested in finding out the tricks of her trade, mentally I wasn't interested. There was only one person that I wanted in my bed, rocking my world right now. And until I had her, no one else would satisfy me. I needed to have her before I could exorcise her from my mind. I needed to taste her sweetness on my lips. She was my Eve, and my life couldn't move past this point without the delight of me experiencing sin with her.

"She's looking over here, you know." Sandra laughed. "And if looks could kill, I think I'd be in a cemetery right now."

"Come on now." I laughed but my face flushed warm.

"You cannot doubt that she also thinks you're hot. Seriously?" She sat back and looked at me with disbelieving eyes. "You're like the hottest guy in Miami, and perhaps the richest one as well."

"She doesn't know I'm rich."

"Well you sure don't look like a bum." Sandra ran her eyes over me. "Not at all."

"Are you undressing me with your eyes?" I flirted back with her, happiness making me lightheaded. If she thought Lucky was interested in me, she had to have noticed something.

"I am, but I don't think I'm the one that has you so happy."

"You're a nice girl, Sandra," I started, but she held her hand up and stopped me.

"But I'm not the girl. I get it, I get it." She jumped up. "I think it's best if I leave, and maybe you can talk to the waitress."

"No, don't leave." I shook my head. I still needed to get some info from Sandra about Braydon. "We should finish our food and get dessert."

"I could go for an ice cream sundae."

"You read my mind." I ran my hands through my hair and knocked my fork onto the ground as I brought my hand down. "Oops." I bent over to get it, and as my fingers reached it, another hand closed down on the fork and soft fingers grazed against mine. I felt a shock of electricity and looked up slowly. Lucky's face was mere inches from mine, and her eyes were wide with surprise as she gazed into my darkened irises. I squeezed her fingers briefly, and we both looked at each other in awe as the flow of electricity between us connected us to each other. I'd never felt anything like this before, it was as if our two bodies together made a live circuit. I was almost scared to let go of her. Her touch made me feel powerful, and now that I had felt that jolt of adrenaline, I was loath to go back to my regular self. "I dropped my fork." I continued staring into her eyes.

"I saw, I was just picking it up for you." Her voice was soft as she spoke and I watched her lips carefully as she talked. They were so pink and luscious and just waiting on me to nibble on them.

"You didn't have to do that."

"I wanted to help."

"Thank you." I smiled at her and we both laughed and straightened up. I could feel Sandra smirking at me, and I kept my eyes away from her. I couldn't believe that she had been able to sense my connection to Lucky. I obviously wasn't as good at hiding my thoughts and feelings as I had thought.

"Are your salads good?" She turned away from me and looked at Sandra and I noticed that her face looked flushed. It pleased me to see that I affected Lucky as much as she affected me.

"They are great, thanks." Sandra nodded. "Oh, I love this song." She started nodding her head to the Bee Gees song that was playing over the speakers.

"I'll just take the bill when you have time please, Lucky." I said the only thing I could think of to keep the conversation going.

"Leaving already?" She looked at me with slight disappointment.

"Well, you know. I don't want to hog up your table all night."

"Oh, it's okay. I don't mind. Well, you know what I mean." She blushed deep red, and I watched as the deep heat caressed her face.

"Not really. What do you mean?" I stared at her curiously, and Sandra slapped my hands.

"Come on now, Zane. Give the girl a break."

"Sandra," I shook my head and she rolled her eyes as she mumbled something under her breath that sounded a lot like "sucker."

"I'll leave the bill with you then." Lucky paused. "Have a great night." She turned around and walked away slowly, and I realized that I was a sucker. All I wanted to do was ask her out. For once, I didn't want to feel that hollow feeling that she was walking away and that I may never see her again. It was a deep, depressing feeling and it reminded me of how I felt when I realized my mother wasn't coming back. After she had left, I had waited every morning by top of the stairs before the sun came up. I would wait with my blanket, before everyone had woken up, and pray that that would be the morning that my mother would walk back through the door. I had been able to visualize myself running down the stairs and into her arms. She'd grab me close to her and swing me around, and I'd smell her perfume as I buried my face into her neck and she would take me to McDonald's for breakfast and I'd show off to Noah when we got back. I had waited for a few months, until one morning my dad had come out of his room and caught me. He'd made it clear that my mother was never coming back and that she didn't miss me or Noah. There was not going to be a loving reunion, a special rendezvous for an Egg McMuffin and chocolate milk. Not then, and not ever. I can still remember the first morning I had woken up and not rolled out of bed and gone to the landing. I had just laid in bed and stared at the ceiling with tears rolling down my face, and an anxious and sad feeling in my soul.

It was a feeling that had never left me, and it had only grown worse with Noah's death. It was an emptiness and dread, a loneliness that could never be filled; and a worry that never went away. Every time I left the diner, I felt a twinge of that worry and pure dread. I was scared that I was never going to see Lucky again. I couldn't control the feeling that consumed me. I didn't want this dread to control me. My life was becoming governed by the feeling. I didn't even understand why I felt this way about Lucky. What did I really care if I never saw her again? But I knew I did care. I knew that I cared more than I wanted to admit to myself. And I was scared. I didn't even recognize myself or my emotions anymore.

"So I'm guessing tonight won't be the night you ask her out?" Sandra grinned at me. "Instead, it could be the night I show you the night of your life."

"I'm afraid you're correct with both of those questions." I sighed. "But I'd love to hear more about your past." I needed to get more information on Braydon right now. I'd worry about Lucky later.

Chapter 5

Two and a half months later

Fridays were my favorite day of the week. I mean, I wouldn't acknowledge that to anyone, but Friday night couldn't come soon enough for me. Seeing Lucky's face was the highlight of my week and the worry that I used to feel that she wouldn't be working when I went in had faded tremendously. I still worried that she would be off, or that she would quit, but that was a lesser emotion. I no longer fought the emotions that she brought to the surface in me-I just ignored them instead. I still hadn't asked her to go on a date, but I had plenty of letters sitting on my desk that I been too chicken to give her. Well, chicken isn't really the right word. I'm not a chicken in any sense of the word. In other circumstances, I would have asked her out in a minute, but there were certain things holding me back. Primarily, I didn't want to make things awkward if she said no or if the date didn't go well. I still wanted to go to Lou's Burger Joint on my dates: partly to see her, and partly because that was the most comfortable place for me. Okay, so I'm lying. It was pretty much all because I wanted to see Lucky and I didn't want to ruin the rapport we had going. I didn't want my asking her on a date to ruin anything.

But every Friday night when I left the restaurant I thought about her and wished I was going home with her. And I told myself that the next week would be the week I would ask her out. I knew that I just needed one night, or a weekend with her. And then she would be out of my system. At least that is what I told myself.

As I got ready for my date of the evening, I couldn't stop myself from being excited. Every week felt like the first week, and when I saw Lucky's face in the diner I felt like I was home. I knew she and the other waitresses didn't think much of me, though. I saw them laughing and whispering every time I came in with a new date. I knew that they tried to be quiet and hide in the back, but Maria's voice carried across the room easily and Shayla wasn't scared to look right at me with a disapproving stare when I arrived. Even Lucky had a giveaway sign when they were talking about me. Her face would turn bright red and she would turn away quickly. I didn't mind though, I know that I looked shady and like a player. I was glad they didn't judge me too much for it, though. Lucky always gave me a wide, bright smile and there were several times that we had engaged in conversations about our lives that were more than just polite exchanges. Still, I wanted to learn more about her and what she enjoyed doing. I looked down at the little magnetic notepad I had gotten for Lucky at a gift shop: it was a small black notepad, with the words "You Gotta Love It! Miami" on the front, and I was excited to give it to her. I wanted to give her one of the notes I had written for her as well, but I figured that would be too much. I didn't want to show her my full hand too early.

"You've got a call, you've got a call, don't drop the ball, don't drop the ball." My phone's new ringer sang to me and I grabbed it quickly just to shut up the annoying voice of one of the chipmunks.

"Hello, Zane here," I answered without looking at who was calling.

"Zane, it's Special Agent Waldron."

"Oh, hi." I frowned, not sure why he was calling me right before a date. Had something happened?

"I wanted to tell you that I think you need to leave Miami for a bit."

"What?" My voice was louder that normal and I cleared my throat before talking. "Why?"

"I don't think this line of questioning is going well and we think that Braydon is onto the fact that you are dating his exes. From what we can tell, he doesn't know that he is under suspicion, but we think that it's better for the case if you take a breather for a bit."

"How does Braydon know?" My voice was raspy, and I clenched my fists. I didn't want to leave Miami, not yet.

"We think Brigetta has been stalking you." He sighed. "I'm sorry, but I think she had sour grapes after your date and has been following you. It seems like she made some sort of connection and informed Braydon. He's been overheard telling people you're dating all of his leftovers."

"So he doesn't know we suspect him of drugs?" I sighed, glad for some good news.

"We don't think so. But I think after tonight, you need to abort the current plan of dating these girls. It is my suggestion and advice that you leave Miami as soon as possible and go to Los Angeles."

"When?"

"As soon as possible."

"I see." I bit my lip. I didn't want to go. I didn't want to stop seeing Lucky. It was too soon. I hadn't even gotten to take her on a date yet.

"We think you should leave tomorrow if possible."

"No." There was no hesitation in my voice. "I can't leave tomorrow."

"Zane, for the sake of the case and your brother's memory, we really think it is best..."

"I can't leave tomorrow." I interrupted him, as my brain worked furiously. "I have some loose ends I need to tie up."

"If it's about the diner..." Special Agent Waldron's voice was soft. "I know you've been going there a lot, and I'm not going to ask you why. But I want to warn you that getting involved with anyone right now is not advisable."

"I'll go to Los Angeles in the next couple of weeks." My voice was even and brusque. "I have some things to take care of before I leave."

"You have to be careful, Zane. Remember why you're doing this. Think about Noah. These drug lords, they don't care about innocent lives."

"Everything I do is for Noah. I haven't forgotten. I have to go." I hung up quickly, annoyed that he had questioned me like that. I was so annoyed that I could almost ignore the yearning and worry that rested around my heart. I wasn't going to see Lucky again, not for a long time. Not unless I somehow got her to agree to come to Los Angeles with me. I just didn't see how it would work, though. I'd already spoken to the Johnsons and they were more than happy for me to continue working on the documentary, but I didn't have any idea how to get Lucky there. I didn't think I could just say, "Hey wanna come to Los Angeles with me and work on a history documentary? You don't know me and you think I'm a player, but hey." I sighed to myself and rubbed my forehead. I wasn't sure what I was going to do. My initial plan of slowly getting to know Lucky and becoming friends before I went in for the kill, wasn't going to work. The timeline I thought I had was gone. I needed to fast-forward everything and I had no idea how to do that without looking like a weirdo and her turning me down point-blank. I couldn't afford that.

I drove to pick up Mailbert in silence. All I could think about was Lucky and how much I would miss seeing her face. "You are certifiably crazy, Zane Beaumont," I mumbled to myself as I drove in the crazy traffic to Coral Gables. I wasn't looking forward to my date with Mailbert: she was a beautiful, no-nonsense girl, and I knew I had to be on the top of my game. Her father was an attorney who had fled with his parents from Cuba in the 60s, and he was heavily involved in the music industry. He was an acquaintance of my dad, and I knew that if I did anything to upset Mailbert, her father and uncles would not be too happy with me. I couldn't afford to bring down their wrath on me. In fact, I already knew it was a risk taking Mailbert to Lou's; she would not be impressed with the diner, and would likely see it as an insult that I hadn't taken her to a nice restaurant somewhere. I already knew I would have to take her on a walk by the beach afterwards as an excuse for taking her to the diner. I wasn't looking forward to it, but I didn't want to miss my weekly viewing of Lucky.

"Gracias." Mailbert waited for me to open the car door for her as we walked back to my car. I smiled as she got in and waved goodbye to her father, who was still standing at the front door, watching me, as I got into the driver's seat.

"De nada." I smiled at Mailbert as I got in, happy to see that she was in a better mood than I had last seen her in.

"You learned some Spanish now, Zane?" She looked surprised and I shook my head.

"No, not really. I know enough to get by."

"To get by where? In England?" She laughed at her joke and I nodded as I pulled away.

"I know, I know. I should really learn the language."

"I don't know how you can live in Miami and not speak the language." She shook her head.

"I know, I'm a idiot. Anyone that lives in Miami and doesn't speak fluent Spanish is a first-class idiot."

"Well, I'll teach you." She smoothed her dress down, and ran her fingers through her long black hair. "Especially if you want to meet my grandparents. They don't speak any English."

"Oh?" I laughed, and tried to change the subject. We were going to places I didn't want to go, and I was worried that Mailbert thought that this was the beginning of some sort of lengthy relationship. I didn't want to tell her that I had no intention of ever meeting her grandparents.

"So, where are we going? Meat market?"

"Uh, no." I shook my head and gave her an impish smile. "I thought we would try a new place I found."

"Oh, who owns it?"

"Who owns it?"

"Yeah, which chef?" She gave me a "duh" look. "I didn't know a new place had opened recently. It's not Wolfgang, is it? I just love his food."

"Errr, I don't think it's Wolfgang." I held in a laugh. "I'm not sure you've heard of the, um, chef. But I can attest for the food. It's good."

"Well, I'm sure you wouldn't steer me in the wrong direction. What type of food? Not Spanish, I hope. Is it Thai? We need a good Thai restaurant here in Miami."

"Um, I wouldn't say Thai, but the good news is that it's not Spanish." I smiled and turned on the radio to avoid having to go into the exact details. "It's a surprise. I'm sure you'll enjoy it."

"I guess so." She frowned and wrinkled her nose at the music playing through the speakers. "Can you turn it to 95.3, the pop station?"

"Sure."

"Oh, we're going to the beach?"

"I thought it would be nice."

"Romantic, I guess. I don't normally leave Coral Gables."

"Not even when you dated Braydon?"

"Braydon?" She frowned at me.

"Braydon Eagle?" I spoke casually, pretending to be nonchalant. "I thought I heard you dated him, and he doesn't seem the sort to stay in the Gables."

"I never dated Braydon Eagle." She looked at me like I was crazy.

"You didn't?"

"No way." She shook her head and made a face. "I have no interest in dating guys in the industry."

"Oh, weird." I frowned, wondering why Special Agent Waldron had told me to ask her on a date. And then it hit me: he most probably wanted to throw Braydon off of the trail. If he started to get suspicious and spy on me, he would think that Brigetta was wrong or that I didn't know as much as I could. By taking Mailbert on a date, I was showing him and everyone else that I was dating other girls. I shook my head and laughed to myself. I had to hand it to Special Agent Waldron, he was definitely two steps ahead of me.

"So where are we going?"

"We're going to Lou's Burger Joint." I pulled up to a parking spot and jumped out of the car lightheartedly. It didn't matter if Mailbert was disappointed now. I didn't need anything from her. She had no information, and I sure wasn't going to bother wasting my time taking her for a walk on the beach afterwards. "You'll love it. The food is great and the waitresses are even better."

"A burger joint." She looked down her nose at me. "Are you joking?"

"Do I look like I'm joking? Let's go." I grabbed her arm and pulled her along with me to the diner on the corner. I was excited to see Lucky. I was excited to give her the small present, and I was anxious to see how she would react when I gave it to her. Would she think it was too much? I hoped she didn't ask me why I was giving her a gift. I stifled a groan. Maybe she would think I was a creeper?

"What about creeping?"

"What?"

"You just mumbled something about creeping or something?"

"No, no I didn't." I opened the door quickly. I was definitely losing it if I was talking to myself out loud.

"Hey Zane, welcome back to Lou's." Maria winked at me as I walked in. "Grab a booth, I'll let Lucky know you're here."

"You come here a lot?" Mailbert frowned as we walked into the diner and looked around with a scornful look.

"A few Fridays here and there." I walked to my regular booth in the corner, and looked around for Lucky. My breath caught as I saw her laughing with someone at the counter. My heart pained as our eyes met and she gave me a little wave before turning back to the customer in front of her. How was I going to leave Miami and Lucky behind?

"It seems like more than a few Fridays."

"What?" I looked at Mailbert briefly and then back to the counter. Lucky was no longer laughing, and if anything she looked a little worried, scared even.

"I said I think that you've..."

"Excuse me, I'll be right back." I jumped up and walked to the counter without stopping to think what I was doing. "Hey, is everything okay?" I looked at Lucky questioningly, and she looked surprised to see me.

"I'm fine, why?"

"You looked like you were upset." Good one, Zane. You sure don't look like a creeper or a stalker now. I tried not to roll my eyes at myself.

"Oh, I was just talking to Nate intensely." She nodded towards the guy at the counter, and my insides churned with jealousy. "I'm okay."

"Oh, okay," I responded, glaring at Nate. He looked back at me with a slight air of anger and I knew that he didn't appreciate me interrupting their conversation. I wanted to ask her what they had been talking about so intensely, but knew that it was none of my business. "If you can bring a menu soon, I'd appreciate it. My date and I are hungry and we have plans for after we eat."

"I'll be right with you." She looked hurt at my curt tone, and I turned around abruptly, upset that she was sharing private information with Nate and not with me. I walked slowly and kept my ears tuned to their conversation to see if I could hear anything.

"So, I can give you a ride to work if you don't think your car is going to make it." Nate's voice sounded as smarmy as his face looked, and I prayed that Lucky would tell him where to get off.

"That's okay. Thanks. I should have enough to get my car fixed soon. I should be fine."

"My uncle owns a used car dealership if you need to buy a new car. He does his own financing as well, so if your credit sucks, he can hook you up."

"Thanks, but I should be okay." Lucky's voice trailed off. "I think my car has some life in her yet."

"Well, here's my number in case you ever need a ride."

"Thanks." Lucky's voice sounded happy and I wanted so badly to turn around to see if she had pocketed the number or not. I also wished I was able to give her the money to fix her car. There was no way in hell I wanted her calling Nate if anything happened. He sounded like a sleazeball. And I didn't trust what he would do if he got the chance to be alone with her outside of the diner. Yeah, I didn't know him. But something about him gave me the creeps. Yeah, the fact that he's a guy who likes her. That's the only thing you really have against him, Zane. I ignored the voice in my head that was trying to be rational. I didn't want to be rational. Not when it came to her.

***

"I hope you enjoyed your meal." Lucky looked like she was far away as she left collected our plates. "I'll bring the receipt by in a moment." And then she walked away from the table quickly.

"Hold on," I jumped out of the booth and grabbed her arm. She looked at me in surprise and I took her to the corner of the restaurant so I could give her the little gift.

"Can I help you, Zane?" She took a step back from me, and I shook my head. This wasn't the right time. I couldn't give it to her now. She'd think I was crazy.

"No, no. Sorry." I walked back to the table and sat back down in silence. I could see Noah's face in my mind. He'd be laughing loudly if he could see me now. How the mighty had fallen!

"Here's your receipt, but don't feel pressured to pay right away. Unless of course, you have somewhere else to be."

"Thanks." I turned away from her before I spoke the words I was thinking out loud. I don't want to be anywhere but with you. I wanted to slap myself for being such a sap inside. I had no idea who had gotten into my body, but the thoughts I was thinking were not Zane Beaumont thoughts at all.

Chapter 6

I couldn't stop thinking about Lucky and the smiley face on the receipt. She had also written a little message next to it: "On rainy days, think of the clouds." I wasn't sure if she was just very profound or fond of writing messages that didn't make sense. It didn't really matter which it was, I was still ecstatically happy that she had written anything at all. It was weird how attached I had become to this chocolate-eyed girl; she filled my every waking hour that wasn't consumed by Noah or Braydon.

I smiled to myself as the words to my favorite Lord Byron poem floated through my head. It had been a while since I had thought of poetry. It hadn't seemed right to rejoice in the lyrical sensations of words while my heart felt empty and sad. However, the deep pangs of painful memories were erased when I thought of Lucky. I had come to think of her as my Lucky, even though I barely knew her. It was insane. I felt like a part of me was being driven insane by feelings and desires I didn't understand. It was more than want and lust, and it was deeper than mere attraction. I could close my eyes and just listen to her voice and be happy.

I paused to grab my pen, and started scribbling notes on my pad. Images of Lucky became words in my mind. Fleeting, floating, graceful swan, chocolate eyes that are second to none. Feel my heart inside me beat, feel the wind beneath my feet. Gazing, staring, laughing, smiling, I want to be the one you're.... I stopped writing furiously before I wrote the next words. I froze as I thought about what I had been about to write. I didn't even want to think about it, I couldn't acknowledge it. I wasn't this guy. I didn't want to become that guy. I couldn't afford to fall for her. No matter what lies my heart told my brain, I was Zane Beaumont. I didn't do relationships. I didn't fall in love, and I didn't get close to people. Not before, not now, and not ever. I was about to continue trying to convince myself that I had no interest in Lucky when the phone rang.

"Yo Beaumont, it's Evan."

"How can I help you, Evan?" I tried not to sigh into the phone. Evan was the last guy I wanted to be talking to. He was a wannabe of the highest order, and I knew he only tried to contact me because he thought I would introduce him to my dad and get him some starring role in a new movie. I didn't bother setting him straight. I wasn't close to my dad, and even if I was, Evan was the last person I would try and get a role.

"Bro, what you up to tomorrow night?" he drawled, oblivious to the obvious dislike in my voice.

"Something life-related."

"Oh." He paused, obviously confused about my snarky remark. "Do you want to come to a party tomorrow?"

"Not really." I was about to hang up when he interrupted me quickly.

"There will be lots of hot girls, you should come, get out there a bit, maybe hook up."

"I'm not interested in hooking...." I paused as I thought about his words. Maybe this was the solution to my problems. Maybe hooking up with someone else was the answer to getting Lucky out of my brain, and preferably someone that wasn't connected to Noah's case. Maybe that was the problem. All of the women I had been hanging out with recently were off-limits in my mind because I was using them to get certain information. It wasn't as if I could have meaningless sex with them and expect to get answers. Not unless I wanted to pretend that I was interested in more than just the sex, which I wasn't. I didn't want to find myself in a fake relationship just to get answers. That wasn't who I was. I wasn't going to deliberately hurt someone's feelings and make them think that I was looking for a relationship when I wasn't. But I also didn't want my every waking hour to be consumed by thoughts of Lucky anymore. "Sure, what time?" I spoke quickly, before I could change my mind.

"8 p.m., dude."

"I'll be there." I got the party information from him and hung up. I was going to get laid. I'd choose some hot blonde and eradicate Lucky from my mind. By the end of the night, Lucky would be but a mere thought, and everything in my life would be back on track.

***

I knew as soon as I walked into the house that the party wasn't happening. There was no music to dance to, no crowds of people to get lost in, and I was about to turn around and go back home when Evan saw me.

"Yo Beaumont, you made it." He walked towards me looking as cool as ever.

"I thought you said this was going to be a party?"

"It is a party. Just low-key."

"This is not a party." I shook my head.

"Come dude, I want you to meet this girl Leeza."

"Leeza?" I followed him up the stairs reluctantly, not really sure why I hadn't left yet. But the name Leeza seemed so familiar to me, and I wasn't sure why.

"Guys, Zane is here." Evan opened a door, and we walked into the room. There were about four other guys, and three girls, and they all looked up at me eagerly. I was pretty sure they thought I was delivering dope or something, because I didn't recognize any of them for them to be so happy that I arrived.

"Hi," I nodded as I walked into the room. I was already disinterested and wondered if I should just walk out and go home.

"So Zane, you coming to Mike Vegara's party next week?" Evan handed me a beer. "It's going to be f**king awesome."

"I doubt it." I shook my head.

"Leeza will be there." He pointed at a cute blonde who was sitting on the bed, eyeing me up and down. She was the sort of girl I would have hooked up with in a minute before I had met Lucky.

"Yeah, and I'll try and bring my girls. Though, I doubt Lucky will be able to make it."

"It's going to be awesome, Zane. I heard he's getting..."

"What did you say?" I looked over at Leeza with narrowed eyes as I cut Evan off. "You don't think Lucky can come? Who's that?"

"Lucky's my roommate." She straightened her shoulders and flung her hair to the side. "And one of my best friends. We used to party a lot together but now she works a lot, so I'm not sure if she can come."

"Oh, that sucks." I looked away from her, my heart beating fast. She couldn't be talking about the same Lucky, could she?

"But I'm definitely coming, and I think my friend Shannon can come as well. She works, but in retail, so she can play in the evening. Lucky works as a waitress, so she has to work nights."

"That sucks for her." I licked my lips and turned to Evan. "I'll try and make the party. It seems like it'll be fun."

"Awesome!" Evan's eyes lit up and I almost laughed at how eager he looked. Poor sucker really thought he was going to get something out of me.

"I'm actually feeling pretty hungry. Maybe we can order some takeout? Where does your friend work again, Leeza? Maybe she can hook us up?" I turned to her casually and held my breath as I waited for her answer.

"Oh, Lucky works at some tacky burger joint on the beach. I doubt they do delivery." She laughed. "It's called Luke's or Lou's or something. Trust me, we don't want to order delivery from there. But I do have the number to a sushi place."

"I could go for sushi." I sat down on the edge of the bed, and took a chug of beer, feeling happier than I had in a long time. It was all coming together now. I just needed to fit one more piece of the puzzle together and then I would get to spend some real one-on-one time with Lucky.

"Shall I call?" Leeza leaned in towards me, and I felt her br**sts brush against my arm.

"Yeah, you do that." I jumped up. "I'll be right back. Hey Evan, can we talk?" I gestured to him to follow me out of the room.

"Uh, sure." He followed me out of the room, and paused. "You want some blow?"

"What?" I took a step back.

"I know a guy, he can hook us up." Evan nodded eagerly. "I just gotta call. Whatever we want, he can get."

"Yeah." I stared into his eyes, and realized that he was most probably talking about Braydon. This was my moment. I could most probably find out exactly what I wanted to know from Evan, right here and now. But what if I did? Would he still be at the party next weekend? Would there still be a party next weekend? And if there wasn't, what would that mean for me and Lucky? Not that there was a me and Lucky. But I'd come this far, and everything was falling into place. I was so close to having my first real date-well, quasi-date-with her. It wasn't a date if she didn't know I was going to be there.

"So, should I make the call?"

"I want you to make sure Leeza brings her friends to the party." I paused, not believing that I hadn't questioned him about the drugs. "Both of them."

"I'm sure she'll do what she can." Evan looked confused and shrugged.

"I need you to make sure that both of them show up. Even the one that works at the diner."

"What one that works at the diner?"

"Weren't you listening?"

He gave me a blank stare, and it was all I could do to stop from shaking him. "Just make sure that she brings both friends with her to the party next week. Work your magic, however you can. And if you do, I'll talk to my dad about getting you a role."

"You'd do that?" His eyes widened.

"You scratch my back, I scratch yours."

"Why do you care if she brings her friends?"

"Let's just say I like to see hardworking people having fun." I leaned towards him. "You make sure her friend Lucky makes it to the party, and do not let her know that I'm requesting it, and I'll make sure you become the new it guy in Hollywood."

"Ok, but..."

"I have to go now." I looked at Leeza standing in the doorway staring at us, and I turned my face away from her quickly. I didn't want her thinking she had a chance with me. She seemed like the sort of girl who went after what she wanted, and I had a feeling I was the person she wanted to be under tonight. I walked down the stairs quickly, holding my smile in until I got into my car.

Chapter 7

It was finally happening. Everything was coming together as planned. Evan had called me and told me that he had convinced Leeza to get Lucky to the party. He'd worked his magic and given her some money to buy Lucky a new dress to wear. He said it was a foolproof idea and that he could almost guarantee that Lucky would show up, and I agreed. What new girl would say no to a party if someone bought her a new dress to wear? I couldn't think of many women who would turn that down. I was almost giddy with excitement as I walked to the diner. But I was also slightly sad. This was to be my last trip to Lou's Burger joint. Special Agent Waldron was furious when I told him what Evan had said, and not because I didn't pursue a line of questioning either. He thought Evan had brought it up as a trap to see if I was onto his friend Braydon. He said asking about something else, and pretending I wasn't interested in the information about the drugs, was the best thing I could have done. Thank God, he didn't ask me why I hadn't asked, though. I think he knew. He was almost apologetic when he told me I had to leave Miami within a few days.

I walked into the diner ahead of Lila. I hadn't even wanted to bring a date with me tonight, but I knew that it would have looked too suspicious if I hadn't. I wished now that I had been more open and engaging with Lucky. Yes, we'd had a conversation here and there, but nothing that would warrant me asking her to come to Los Angeles with me. I knew that the best shot I had was to convince her to come work on the documentary with me, but I wasn't even sure how to bring it up. She didn't even know that I knew she studied history. That was why I had to get her to that party. If I had some one-on-one time with her, like a whole night, I could go into full-on Zane Beaumont seduction mode, and then I might just be able to convince her. There weren't many women that could say no to my blue eyes.

Lila played with her long brown hair and sipped her drink before making a face at me. "This tastes disgusting."

"Oh?" I sighed as I realized that she was going to make this a pretty long night.

"I think that waitress gave me the wrong drink."

"I doubt it very much, Lila." I tried not to roll my eyes at her condescending tone. I stilled in anticipation as I smelled Lucky's perfume. I could sense that she was on the way back to our table.

"Is this Diet Coke?" Lila snapped at Lucky with an attitude the size of Florida. "I asked for Diet Coke and this tastes like regular Coke." She made a face as she looked at her glass.

"I can assure you that this is Diet Coke, ma'am." Lucky made a face that almost made me laugh. "I personally filled your drink order, and I made sure to hit the Diet Coke button."

"Well, are you sure? Because it doesn't taste like Diet Coke." Lila glared, and I thought World War III was going to start over a soft drink.

Lucky took a deep breath and turned towards me. "Is there anything else you need, Mr. Beaumont?"

"I told you to call me Zane." I laughed. "And no, we're good here. Thank you, Lucky."

"My pleasure." She beamed at me before turning away and I watched her as she walked in her graceful way. It took everything in me to not run after her and beg her to come to the party tomorrow. I was becoming so uncool in my head that it wasn't even funny. I nibbled on my fries absentmindedly, listening to Lila ramble on as I watched Lucky greet a new couple that were canoodling in their booth. There were lines on Lucky's face I hadn't noticed before. She looked like she was stressing over something, and I wondered if she were still worried about her car. I hated seeing her look like she had the weight of the world on her shoulders.

"Everything okay, Lucky?" I called out to her as she walked past the booth. She looked at me in surprise, and I realized that she didn't know that I knew she had personal worries. "I hope nothing's burning in the kitchen." I added on for good measure.

"Oh no. It's all good." She smiled at me and turned away quickly. I could see her face flushing red. "Do you guys need anything else?" She looked back at me quickly, and as our eyes connected, I realized I was way more connected to this woman than I wanted to be. I could feel my heart aching for her unknown pain and worry. I'd never had this type of empathy before, and it scared the shit out of me.

"Just the check." The smile left my face, and I looked away from her warm brown eyes feeling panicky. "And quickly, please."

"Sure." She turned away, and frowned. I was sure she was wondering why I had suddenly gone cold, but I couldn't help myself. "I'll get it right now." She walked away in haste and I regretted my sharp tone immediately. I didn't want to hurt Lucky or make her think I was some sort of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde character, but I was scared by the depth of my feelings. What if I couldn't convince her to come to Los Angeles with me? What would I do then?

"So, Zane, where are we going now?" Lila leaned towards me and grabbed my hand. I looked back at her and realized she could be the perfect way to get my mind off of Lucky.

"I thought we could go get some cocktails on the beach." I smiled at her and turned on the charm as best as I could.

"South Beach?"

"Yeah, we can go to Washington. I know a cool place."

"We can go to my place." She was straightforward in her invitation, and I watched as she pushed her chest out and licked her lips slowly.

"Yeah, we can do that." I caressed her hand. It had been too long since I had gotten laid, and I was tired of waking up every morning to images of Lucky riding me. I need more than a teenage fantasy in my bed.

"Here you go." Lucky dropped the check in front of Lila and snapped. "You can pay at the front." She walked away quickly, and my heart started beating rapidly. I couldn't let our last encounter in the diner go down like this. I didn't want her to hate me. I wanted to slap myself for being an idiot.

"I'm ready to go now, Zane." Lila slid out of the booth. "Let's go and have some fun."

"I'm coming." I got out and walked with her to the front. "I'll meet you outside in a minute." I looked around for Lucky but I didn't see her. "Excuse me," I tapped the other waitress on the shoulder. "Excuse me, Shayla." I read the name on her tag, "Do you think you can go and get Lucky for me, please?"

"Sure, just a moment." She grinned and me and almost ran to the kitchen. "Lucky, your young man wants to talk to you." I heard her hissing and I smiled to myself. Maybe Lucky was a little fond of me after all. I waited for Lucky to come out, and watched as she walked over to me, with a question in her eyes.

"Hey, Lucky, thanks for coming over to talk before I left." I stared at her hard, willing her to understand why my emotions were all over the place. I gave her a small smile, but she didn't smile back.

"Sure."

"I have to go in a second because she's waiting in the car." I nodded towards the door. Come to the party tomorrow was all I could think of, but I couldn't seem to voice the words in my head.

"Okay." She nodded at me vacantly. "So did I get something wrong on the bill or something?"

"I wanted to apologize if I said anything to upset you." I interrupted her question. "I just hope I didn't come off as rude." Don't hate me.

"Oh no, of course not." She looked at me in surprise.

"I was raised to treat everyone equally," I continued, not even sure what I was talking about. I could tell by Lucky's look of surprise that she had no clue either. I was just making things worse. "I hope you don't think I was disrespecting you as a waitress!" I took a deep breath.

"Not at all." She blushed and looked away from me. I had made things worse. So this was how it was going to end. Unless she made it to the party tomorrow, I had officially ruined three months of almost-friendship.

"Good. Well have a pleasant evening, Lucky." I decided to leave now, before I had her calling the cops on me.

"You, too." She smiled at me weakly and turned away. I felt my heart dropping as I stared at her, I couldn't just leave like this, so I ran my hand over her shoulder and rubbed it softly. She looked at me in surprise, and I wondered if she had felt that sweet jolt of electricity as well.

"Oh, I intend to." I stared at her one more time before I left, trying to memorize her face, in case I never saw her again.

***

I stood in the corner of the room and watched the front door. The party was full of life, and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves, but I wasn't having fun. My heart was in my mouth the whole time as I waited to see if Lucky would show up. I'd already experienced one heartache that night when Leeza had arrived by herself. I'd gone to talk to Evan, and he had assured me that Lucky would make it, but she was coming by herself. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. I was happy to hear that she was coming, but another part of me, the overprotective part, was mad. Didn't she have a faulty car? Why would she drive her piece-of-crap car to a party late at night? What if something happened? What would she do? Who would she call? I got mad just thinking about it.

I was talking to Joseph Cruisey, one of the actors I knew from Los Angeles, when my heart starting racing. I looked towards the door quickly, and a huge grin spread across my face. Lucky was finally here. I devoured her with my eyes as she came in: she looked beautiful in the emerald green dress she was wearing, and her hair flowed down her back. She looked back at me with a timid smile, and I felt angry at her and myself. She shouldn't be here. Not at this party. She was too good a girl for a party like this. I had made a mistake. I didn't trust that one of the vultures in the room wouldn't try to make a run for her, as if she were some new desirable prey. I was about to wave to her to come over to me when I saw her turn around and grab a flute of champagne.

"Lucky?" I walked towards her quickly, not wanting to lose her in the crowd, and touched her lightly on the shoulder.

"Hi." She turned around slowly and tried to avoid eye contact with me as I smiled at her slowly.

"I thought that was you." I frowned as I looked over her body. The dress was more revealing than I thought. Her body looked amazing, and I was having a hard time keeping my hands off of her. "You look different."

"Yeah. I'm in a dress," she quipped back with a small smile, and a twirl of her hair. "And I have on makeup that hasn't melted off yet."

"And your hair is down." I reached over and touched it, allowing my fingers to feel the strands that beckoned to me so wildly. "It's so soft and silky." I bet it would feel wonderful against my face.

"Thanks to Chi," She laughed, and I nodded not wanting her to know I had no idea who Chi was. "I have naturally curly hair, so I use it to calm down the frizz and straighten it," She continued, and I smiled at her nervous banter. It somehow made me feel better to know that she was nervous as well.

"I see." I nodded, wanting to tease her, but thinking better of it.

"You should see it when it's curly. It's crazy." She played with her hair and continued talking.

"Well, I can't tell." I shrugged as I looked at her straight tresses. They didn't look very curly to me, but what did I know about girls and their hair?

"I'm like the frizz monster." She giggled again nervously. I wanted to tell her that it was okay, I felt out of my comfort zone as well. "You're lucky your hair is always so straight and silky naturally." She glanced at my head and pointed. "I mean, that's how it looks now, not in the past. I never noticed in the past."

"Thanks." I ran my hand through my hair, glad that she liked it.

"Do you use any special products?"

"No. I use Head and Shoulders shampoo and conditioner, and that's about it." I paused feeling like an idiot. Why had I said Head and Shoulders? Wasn't that the dandruff stuff from TV? To be honest, I had no clue what I used. I bought the first thing I picked up in the aisle.

"Aw." She looked around the room with a red face and waved her hands. "This is a really cool party, huh?"

"It's okay." I shrugged, debating whether I should tell her about my involvement in getting her to the party. I wasn't sure if it was romantic or stalkerish. I had a feeling that it may seem a bit creepy, so I decided to throw her off of the trail, just in case she had a feeling that I was involved in getting her there. "I didn't know you knew Mike."

"Who?" She looked at me in confusion.

"Mike Vegara. The guy throwing this party." I groaned to myself. I was sounding like an idiot.

"Oh, I don't." She bit my lip, and gave me a small secret smile. "My friend invited me. Don't tell anyone, but I wasn't really invited. I'm not really part of this crowd."

"What crowd?" I stifled a laugh.

"The rich and famous crowd." She smiled and then made a face, as she realized that I was likely a part of the same crowd she was talking about.

"Well, you know that already," she continued quickly with a weak laugh, "I wouldn't be working at Lou's if I was rich and made of money."

"Then I'm glad you're not rich." I beamed at her and moved closer to her. "I feel sorry for anyone who is a part of this crowd." I spoke honestly, wanting her to know that it didn't matter to me that she wasn't rich. That I was interested in her, or getting to know her because of who she was inside.

"Oh?"

"It's a long story." I sighed. I didn't want to get into a long conversation about the evils of having endless amounts of money. "I don't want to bore you."

"I don't think you have a boring bone in your body." She blushed and looked down, and I felt a warmness fill me.

"There are many girls who would beg to differ with you there." I laughed.

"So who's your date tonight?" She changed the subject and looked around the room.

"No date tonight." I laughed, wanting to tell her that I considered this our first date. But I didn't want her to run away from me.

She wiggled her eyebrows at me, and I wanted to pull her towards me and kiss her. "That's got to be a first."

"I usually reserve Fridays for my dates." I stared deeply into her eyes, wondering what she would do if I pulled her towards me. "I think you've met every woman I've taken out in the last few months." I said honestly.

"A different one every week." She laughed and shook her head in amazement.

"Well, I have to get what I need." I cleared my throat, why had I said that? It made me sound like a jackass again. "More importantly, don't ever take Friday nights off. I'm not sure my dates would go as well if you weren't there." And I wouldn't want to go to the diner if you weren't there. I tried to forget that I wouldn't be taking any more dates to the diner. I didn't want to think that this could be the last time I ever got to talk to Lucky.

"I'm not sure I'm a good luck charm. I never see you with the same girl more than once." She looked at me searchingly, and I knew she wanted to ask me why I went on so many different dates. And a part of me really wanted to tell her, but I knew that I couldn't. I didn't want to bring up Noah, and I didn't want to jeopardize the case.

"What about you? You here with your boyfriend?" I changed the subject and looked straight into her eyes to see if I could see what she was thinking. I was almost positive that she was still single, but I wanted to make sure.

"No." She didn't elaborate on her answer, and I was frustrated that I still didn't know what the no was in response to.

"I'm surprised he let you come out by yourself," I continued, trying to fish the answer out of her.

"I'm here with friends."

"So what does he do?" I persisted, and I knew I sounded like a pest.

"Who?" She frowned, and I could tell she had no idea what I was going on about.

"Your boyfriend." I sighed as I just let it out. Do you have a boyfriend?

"Oh, well, I don't exactly have one right now." YES!

"Aw, you're rocking the single life?" I felt a huge grin take over my face, and I moved in even closer to her, enjoying the feel of her body warmth close to me.

"You could say that." She rolled her eyes, and I wasn't sure why.

"You're a beautiful girl, I'm sure there has to be someone you're interested in." Stop being nosey, Zane. Be smooth!

"Not really." I was a little upset at her response but I guess there was no way she could have said me.

"This isn't the sort of party to meet a good guy, though." I whispered at her harshly, just in case she was looking to meet a guy here at the party that wasn't me. "I mean, a lot of the guys here aren't the sort I would recommend to a girl like you."

"Well, I will try and remember that."

"I'm sure you'll meet a Mr. Wonderful soon." I paused. "I guess that's what you women want, right? A Mr. Wonderful to sweep you off your feet and promise you a forever?" I knew I could sweep her off of her feet, but I didn't do forever.

"You could say that," She nodded. "Though I'm waiting patiently. I know the right guy is out there somewhere." She looked so sweet as she spoke, and a part of me ached at her words. There was a Mr. Right out there for her somewhere and it ate me up inside. I didn't want to think about her being with someone else.

"So, Lucky. What else do you do aside from working at Lou's?" I decided to go in for the kill. It was now or never. I needed her to come with me to Los Angeles with a passion.

"I'm studying history at UM. I know it sounds a bit boring, but I love it." She made a face, and I laughed.

"History, huh?" My eyes glowed, as I pretended this was the first time I was finding out about her love of the subject. "Know anything about the Civil Rights Era?"

"It's my specialty, actually." She nodded eagerly. "I'm actually focusing on that period of time for my thesis."

"I can tell you enjoy it." I reached out and touched her cheek gently, no longer able to stop myself from having some skin to skin contact with her. "There's something wonderful about a woman who is passionate about something." I want you to be passionate about me as well.

"I'm a ..." She looked up at me with wide eyes.

"Lucky, there you are." Leeza ran up to us squealing as she interrupted Lucky. I was furious at the interruption, but also worried that she would say something about seeing me before. "I was so worried you weren't going to come."

"I'm here." Lucky smiled and did a little twirl. I laughed at her movements-she was so free and capricious. I loved that about Lucky: she was the sort of girl that would dance with me in the rain, without worrying about getting wet.

"I want you to meet this guy." Leeza grabbed her arm enthusiastically, while ignoring me. I sent her mental signals to back off, while keeping a pleasant look on my face.

"I'm actually talking to someone." Lucky smiled at me apologetically, and I grinned back at her. She was enjoying the conversation as much as I was, I was pretty sure of that.

"Oh?" Leeza turned around and stared at me, her blue eyes nearly popping out as she looked me up and down. I saw the recognition in her eyes before they glazed over. "Hi, I'm Leeza, Lucky's best friend. And you are?" She flung her blonde hair over her shoulders, and flirted with me again. I wasn't sure if she was pretending she didn't know who I was, for my benefit or hers.

"Zane." I said briefly. "I'm a friend of Lucky's."

"You never told me about any Zane." Leeza looked at Lucky with narrowed eyes.

"Well, we've just been getting to know each other recently," Lucky started, but I interrupted her, as I didn't want the conversation to continue.

"Now, now, Lucky." I slid my arm around her waist. "What do you consider the last three months? The honeymoon period?" I whispered in her ear as I pressed into her, enjoying the feel of her body next to mine.

"Well, you know." She breathed quickly, as I allowed my hand to run up and down her back.

"You two are dating?" Leeza hissed, looking at me with a pissed expression. "You have got to be joking."

"Why?" I questioned her, wishing she would just go away. "Did Lucky not tell you about our marathon sessions in the bedroom? I think we nearly broke her bed the other evening." I felt Lucky's body freeze next to mine, and I held her closer to me.

"Zane." She laughed as she looked up at me with mirth in her eyes and then hit me in the arm. "Leeza's my roommate."

"Well, darn it. It was worth a try." I grinned at her and brought my face down to hers. I wanted to kiss her so badly, but instead I let my nose graze hers as I stared into her eyes. It was an even more intimate gesture than I had thought it would be, and stars exploded around me as I realized how right it felt holding her in my arms.

"It was good seeing you, Lucky. Have a good evening." I pulled away from her quickly, and uncertainly. It wasn't meant to feel this deep. I had wanted to get to know her better so I could work her out of my system. I didn't want to feel closer to her. I walked away from her quickly, and in a daze. I needed to go and think, and I needed a drink. All I had wanted was to get Lucky to this party, but now I was wondering if it had been a bigger mistake.

I grabbed a beer, and watched as Leeza dragged Lucky up the stairs. I was about to go and follow them when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around and saw Angelique, and pasted a smile on my face.

"Hey," I gave her a kiss on the cheek, and she kissed me on the lips in her old familiar way.

"Zane, I didn't know you were coming tonight." She pouted as she pressed against me, her beautiful face showing me how happy she was to see me.

"I wasn't sure I was coming."

"You haven't even returned many of my calls." Her fingers traced down my chest. "I've missed you."

"I've been busy, Angelique."

"Too busy for me?"

"I'm sorry." I sighed and tried to take a step back. I looked back to the stairs and tried to think of a way to get away from her.

"I've been thinking about Noah a lot recently." Her eyes welled up with tears, and I paused and gave her a hug.

"I know you miss him." I held her to me close, this time not as her ex-lover, but as the brother of her ex-boyfriend.

"I just wish I would have known how much he loved me."

"It wasn't your fault." I stroked her hair. "We both loved him. He wasn't in his right mind that night."

"I just wish this wouldn't come between us." She pushed herself against me and whispered against my lips. "I want us to..."

"Angelique, no." I pulled away from her with a sigh. I didn't want to have this conversation with her again. "I'm sorry." I said softer this time. "I need to go upstairs."

"Let me come with you. Evan and Braydon are upstairs with some of the gang."

"Braydon's here?" I felt my body go cold.

"Of course he's here." Angelique gave me an odd look, and grabbed my hand, and pulled me towards the stairs. "Let's go and see what they're up to." I followed her up the stairs slowly, and bit my lip. I prayed that Leeza hadn't taken Lucky to the room with Evan and Braydon. That was the last thing I needed to happen.

"Hey, y'all. We're here." Angelique sauntered into the room, giggling, and I followed behind her slowly.

"What's up, Angelique?" Evan whistled at her, and she giggled again.

"Nada. Zane and I want to get this party started." She ran over to him, and gave him a kiss on the cheek. I stood there in the doorway with a beer in my hand, and a worried feeling in my heart.

"Yo, bro, what up?" Evan jumped up and fist-bumped me, while nodding his head slightly to the corner with a grin. I knew he was trying to tell me Lucky was here. He couldn't contain the joy on his face, now that he thought I was going to hook him up with some big role via my dad.

"Not much. What's happening, Evan?" I didn't smile, and I avoided looking over in the corner.

"Come on, Zane." Angelique grabbed my arm and pulled me into the room. I looked over and saw Lucky sitting on a couch with Braydon, who had his arm around her possessively. I wanted to go over and hit him across the face, but instead I just stared at Lucky, willing her to look at me.

"Braydon Eagle, you sly dog." Angelique ran over to the couch and placed herself on Braydon's lap. "I didn't know you were here." She gave him a kiss on the cheek.

"Hi, Angelique." He smiled and rolled his eyes, while avoiding looking at me.

"Why didn't you call me back? I wanted you to come pregame with us." Angelique whined at him, and I stood there watching Lucky as she sat there looking uncomfortable.

"I'm here now."

"Didn't you miss me?" Angelique pouted and ran her finger across his cheek.

"Angelique, you're making Lucky uncomfortable." Braydon pushed her off of his lap, and Angelique looked at him in shock.

"I'm okay." Lucky attempted a smile, but Angelique flicked her hair and walked over to me.

"Zane, Braydon's being rude." She made a sad face.

"I'm sure he is." I stared at Braydon hard, and placed an arm around her shoulder.

"Yes, he was," she pouted. "Do something about it."

"Don't worry, I'm trying to," I mumbled under my breath and turned to look at Lucky. I hoped she wasn't falling under his spell. I frowned as I realized that my plan was going horribly. Not only was I not getting to spend quality time with her, but she was now cozied up to the man I hated most in the world.

"Do you two know each other?" Braydon looked back and forth at us with an odd tone in his voice.

"No," I said at the same time that Lucky said, "Yes." I sighed as I saw the hurt feelings on her face, but I didn't want Braydon to know I knew Lucky. I didn't want him to try and go after her, because of her connection to me. I knew Lucky was upset, because she gave me a hurt look before turning away from me. I wanted to grab her arm, and beg her to just give me time, and some understanding.

"Hello, Braydon." My voice was brusque as I acknowledged Braydon.

"Zane." Braydon nodded, and he gave me a slightly worried look.

"Zane. Let's go in the hot tub. Braydon, why don't you join us?" Angelique interrupted us, and ran her hands through her hair.

"I'm having a conversation, Angelique." Braydon spoke to Angelique, but he looked at me.

"I'm sure she won't mind." Angelique's voice sounded sharp as she looked at Lucky dismissively. I felt a surge of anger as I saw Braydon grab hold of Lucky's hand, and noticed she didn't pull away.

"Angelique, why don't you and Zane go?" Braydon looked at me with a smirk.

"Don't want me to interrupt your conversation with Lucky?" My voice was harsh as I stared at him.

"What do you care?" Braydon gave him a challenging look.

"I don't." My voice was sharp and I took a deep breath. I could not allow Braydon to see how much this situation was affecting me.

"We met at the restaurant I work at," Lucky interjected into the conversation. I wanted to tell her to shut up. I didn't want Braydon getting personal information about Lucky.

"You work at a restaurant?" Angelique stared at Lucky with a smirk, and I knew that she thought Lucky was beneath her.

"Come on, Angelique." I pulled her away from the small group we were in. I gave Lucky one last stare before turning away. I didn't want this conversation to go any further. I was scared that a fight would break out, or that I would say something that I would regret. I had to be very careful with what I said to Braydon right now, but I knew that I wouldn't be able to control myself if I thought that Lucky was being disrespected. Angelique and I walked to the door, and I didn't turn back around to say goodbye, even though I felt Lucky's eyes on me.

"Let's go in the hot tub." Angelique gave me a sexy look. "I knew you wanted me alone."

"I'm going to have to take a pass, I'm afraid." I walked away from her.

"What?"

"I'm sorry, Angelique, but not tonight." I ran down the stairs quickly and disappeared into the crowds, wondering what to do. I'd screwed up by leaving Lucky with Leeza, and letting her take her up to the room. I should have stayed with Lucky, and told Leeza to leave us alone. But instead I had panicked and now everything was going wrong. I positioned myself near the stairs. I was going to have to watch Lucky and Braydon for the rest of the night to make sure she didn't go home with him. I didn't care about the case. If Braydon tried to take Lucky home, I would beat him up. No questions asked.

***

The rest of the night went by in a blur. Lucky and Braydon danced the night away and each time she smiled up at him, I felt a new wave of jealousy course through me. There were so many times we made eye contact, and I wanted to ask her to dance with me, but I knew I couldn't draw Braydon's attention to me. Not now. I had missed my chance with Lucky, but at least I could make sure she was protected. I hid behind a group of people as Lucky tried to leave, and Braydon kept asking her to stay. I was proud of Lucky for saying no, but felt like shooting someone when I saw her give him her number. In my mind, I was already trying to figure out what I was going to tell Special Agent Waldron, because there was no way I was going to go to Los Angeles if Braydon was trying to pursue Lucky. There was no way in hell.

I watched as Lucky got into her clunker of a car, and then gave the valet a $100 note so that he would get my car next. I felt a bit shady as I followed Lucky onto the interstate, but I wanted to make sure she got home safely. I didn't trust Braydon, and I didn't trust her car, and if anything happened, I wanted to be the one to take care of her. I didn't want her calling anyone else.

I thought everything was going to be fine, until I saw a burst of smoke, and then saw Lucky's car pull over to the side of the road.

"What the f**k," I yelled as the car stopped abruptly. "Why the f**k would she drive knowing her car is a piece of junk." I was pissed as I pulled up behind her. What would she have done if I hadn't been here? I had thought Lucky was smart, but now I wasn't so sure.

Chapter 8

I couldn't quite believe that Lucky had agreed to come home with me. She hadn't been happy about it, and had been a lot feistier that I had figured she would be, but both of us had been pretty emotional. And now she was here, in my home, in my spare bed, in my clothes, and all I could think about was having her here in my bed. She was so close, but yet so far. I groaned as I sat up in the bed. I couldn't sleep, not now. Not knowing that she was in my home. I pulled on a pair of trunks and went downstairs. I needed to go in the hot tub. The hot water would make me sleepy. I'd rather have real dreams of Lucky in bed than daydreams.

Especially now that I knew she wanted me to kiss her. I'd been shocked when she had asked me why I didn't kiss her. If only she knew how badly I wanted her. But I knew that she was a good girl. A better girl than I deserved. I had second thoughts about sleeping with her to get her out of my system. A guilty part of me thought that it was wrong. Another part of me thought that it wouldn't work anyway. Kissing her would make me want her more, not less. I walked down the stairs quickly, and smiled to myself as I saw a figure behind the fridge. I guess Lucky hadn't been able to sleep either. I touched her lightly on the shoulder and she screamed.

"Hey, sorry." I tried not to laugh, as I looked over at her body. "I didn't mean to scare you."

"I was just coming to get some water," she muttered. "I was feeling sexy-I mean, thirsty," she corrected herself, blushing furiously.

"I don't see why you can't have been feeling both ways." I laughed and opened a cabinet. "I think I'll join you in a glass." I think you are looking very sexy and making me very thirsty.

"Did I wake you up?" I saw her gulp as she looked at my bare chest.

"No, I couldn't sleep."

"Oh."

"I was about to go in the hot tub." I rambled on, not wanting her to know she was the reason I was in the kitchen at 4 a.m.

"Oh." She looked down at my swimming trunks.

"You're welcome to join me if you'd like." Though I'm not sure I'll be able to keep my hands off of you.

"I don't have a swimsuit." You don't need a swimsuit.

"We can skinny- dip." I winked, and laughed at her mortified expression. "I'm joking, Lucky." Not really.

"I knew that." She finished her water and turned away. "I should just go to bed." I felt disappointed at her words, but also happy. She really wasn't like the other girls I knew. Other girls would be naked and in my arms by now.

"Or we can just talk?" I smiled at her, not wanting to lose her company just yet. "If that would help."

"You don't want to talk." She gave me a knowing smile.

"How little you trust me, Lucky." I cocked my head and smiled. How well she knew me already. "But actually, yes, I would love to talk." If we can't make love, then talking is good enough.

She bit her lip and giggled. "I didn't mean that you wanted anything else or anything, just that maybe you wanted to relax and not feel the need to entertain me."

"Thanks for clarifying that." I grinned. If she only knew the dirty thoughts that were running through my mind. "Want some cookies?"

"What cookies do you have?" She paused. "And do you have hot chocolate as well?"

"You're not going to eat cookies and drink hot chocolate as well?" I laughed at her. What girl ate cookies and drank hot chocolate without worrying about her figure?

"There's a reason I'm not a size zero." She laughed up at me, and I brushed a piece of hair away from her eyes.

"Will you make us both a hot chocolate if I can find the ingredients?" I stepped back, trying to stop myself from going too fast, and pulled out a jar of Cadbury's drinking chocolate.

"Of course."

"Will you dunk your legs into the hot tub at least?" I smiled at her, hoping she would say yes. "As we drink our hot chocolate."

"I guess I could do that." She laughed again, and I felt like fist pumping.

"Okay, I have Lorna Doone shortbread and Oreos. Which one do you want?" I showed her the boxes.

"Both." She smiled at me and grabbed an Oreo. "My parents used to call me the real cookie monster." She sprayed some crumbs on me as she chewed eagerly.

"Oh yeah?" I made a face. "I used to be called Tickle Me Elmo."

"Really? Why?"

"Because I love to tickle." I reached under her arms and started tickling her. I came up close to her, and she shrieked and pulled away from me, wriggling her body against me, as she struggled to get away from me.

"Oh, stop." She laughed hysterically. "I'm too ticklish."

"Beg me to stop." I looked down at her face and pushed her into the counter. I pushed my chest against hers, and felt her br**sts crush into me. They felt soft and welcoming as I felt her ni**les hardening against me. Her body was warm against mine, and I positioned myself between her legs so she could feel my hardness against her lower abdomen. She breathed in deeply at the feel of me, and looked up at me with wide eyes. I pressed myself against her harder, and allowed the side of my palm to graze her breast.

"Zane, please." She gulped as I stared into her eyes, that full of desire.

"Beg me," I groaned, not wanting to pull away from her. Beg me to make love to you.

"I'm begging you, Zane." She put her hand on my forearm and we stood still for a few moments, just gazing into each other's eyes. I knew that she was unsure of what she was begging me for. Her hand was pushing me away, but her eyes were begging me to take her.

"You have pretty hair," I broke our gaze and stared at her silky tresses. I needed to change the subject so that I could calm down. I was starting to feel like I was losing control. I wanted her so badly that I knew if we continued in this fashion, I would have her up against the counter, and I would be f**king her until kingdom come.

"Thank you." She sighed, and played with her locks.

"How old are you, Lucky?" I questioned her, wanting her to feel relaxed again.

"I'm 22." She licked her lips and I stared at her tongue, wanting to feel it in my mouth, "What about you?"

"Twenty-five." I couldn't say anything else.

"So many more playboy years ahead for you then, huh?"

"You could say that." I took a step away from her. I knew what she was saying. And while I knew it wasn't fully true, it was partly true. I was a serial dater. I didn't want a relationship. No matter what feelings she was stirring in me. This was about sex for me, and I was pretty sure sex would mean something extra to her.

"So you don't have a boyfriend, huh?" I whispered into her ear, enjoying the way she shivered against me.

"No, not right now."

"That's a pity."

"It is?"

"Yeah, a beautiful girl like you needs a man to ..."

"I don't need a man for anything." She frowned, and pushed me away from her.

"You obviously need a man to take care of you." I was angry again, thinking about her car breaking down. But I didn't want her to know how worried I had been. "That's not a bad thing."

"I don't need anyone to take care of me," her voice rose and I knew I had said the wrong thing.

"Every girl I know needs a man." Foot in mouth again.

"I'm not every girl you know." She narrowed her eyes and pushed past me. "I think I'm going to skip the cookies and go to bed."

"Wait, Lucky." I grabbed my shoulder and sighed. "I didn't mean to upset you." Please stay with me. I felt the dread in me again. Why couldn't I say anything right when I was around this girl?

"I'm sure." She rolled my eyes.

"You're not like other girls, are you, Lucky?" I said as if in a trance.

"No, I'm not."

"Shall we go and talk in the hot tub?" I asked hopefully.

"No thanks. I think I want to go to bed now."

"You think I'm a jerk, huh?" I was mad at myself, and disappointed. Please don't go to bed yet.

"I think you are an egotistical ass, yes."

"That's heavy." I sighed.

"You date a different girl every week and tell me I need a man. I think anyone would agree with me. You're an ass."

"I don't date a different girl every week. Just because I take a girl out for dinner doesn't mean it's a date." It's not what you think. I wanted so badly to explain to her.

"I don't even care," She sighed. "I have other things to worry about."

"I told you, I will help you with your car." My voice rose. I was starting to panic, what if she didn't want my help any longer?

"I don't need your help."

"I need your help, though." I knew that I had to ask her now. If I didn't ask now, I may not get another opportunity. "Can we go and talk please?"

She looked at me suspiciously and I didn't blame her. How was I going to ask her to come to Los Angeles with me? She was going to think I was crazy.

"Can't it wait?" She yawned, and looked just as I imagined an angel would look like.

"It can wait." I smiled at her sweetly and stretched. Now wasn't a good time. I had to be patient. I had to work it out in my head first. I knew if I asked her now, she would just say no.

"I'm going to bed." She turned around and ran up the stairs quickly. I watched as she ran away from me and I laughed.

"I don't bite, Lucky," I called out after her. "Unless you want me to," I whispered lightly so that she didn't hear me.

***

"Oh Zane, kiss me harder." She ran her fingers down my chest and played with my ni**les. "Oh, Zane." She squealed as I took her right nipple in my mouth and nibbled. She writhed beneath me, and I kissed my way back up to her mouth before crushing my lips down on her. We rolled over on the bed as we kissed, and I found myself lying on top of her with her legs spread wide beneath me.

"What do you want?" I growled as I bit down on her neck, sucking at her skin so hard that I could taste her very essence.

"I want you to take me," She moaned beneath me and dug her fingernails into my back. "Please Zane, f**k me now. I need you so badly."

"How badly?" I positioned myself against her roughly, and grinned as her wetness moistened my tip.

"Badly." She screamed as she arched her back up towards me. "Take me now." She pulled me down towards her, and I entered her slowly, enjoying the feel of her softness as it gripped me.

"Is this good?" I stared into her eyes, and she wrapped her legs around me as I moved with more intensity inside of her.

"Oh Zane." She groaned as her body joined in the movement, pushing me harder and faster, until we were both gripping each other in the intensity of the moment. "I'm going to come, oh God, I'm going to come." I slammed into her even faster, as she held onto me, and I collapsed on top of her, as I came inside of her with a deep shudder.

"Oh Zane." She purred next to me.

"Yes, Lucky." I smiled at her, and played with her br**sts as she closed her eyes.

"It's time to sleep now, Zane." She laughed lightly.

"I don't want to sleep," I growled at her as sleep took over my eyes.

I awoke with a jolt and looked down at my wet sheets in dismay. The dream had seemed and felt so real. I could almost still taste Lucky on my lips. I jumped out of bed and headed to the shower. Today was the day. I didn't care what happened. Today I was going to ask-well, convince-Lucky to come to Los Angeles with me. I was going to make the documentary something she couldn't say no to.

"Lucky, are you awake?" I banged on her door before walking into her room. I couldn't stay away from her any longer.

"No," she groaned from the bed. I couldn't see her face because she was still under the sheets.

"Can I come in?" I laughed from my position at the side of her bed.

"No," she groaned and rolled over.

"Good morning, Lucky."

"Not really." She rolled over and pulled the sheets down, so I could see her face.

"Sorry for waking you up, but I figured we should go and get your car before it gets towed by the police." I thought of a quick excuse to account for the reason that I was standing in her bedroom, first thing in the morning.

"Oh, shit." She jumped up out of bed quickly, and I tried not to stare at her br**sts through the t-shirt. "I didn't think about that." She stumbled slightly and I grabbed her around the waist to keep her from falling. I tried not to groan as I felt myself hardening at being close to her.

"Careful. We can't afford to have you hurting yourself as well." I smiled at her, and rubbed her back.

"I'm fine." She pulled away from me, and I turned away.

"Good." I took a deep breath. "So, I have a proposition for you."

"Oh yeah?" She looked at me in surprise.

"I think it's something that will work for both of us. You need money, and I-" I paused. I couldn't tell her that I just needed to be with her.

"I'm not going to be your paid escort," She blurted out. "I may need the money, but I don't need it that bad."

"Lucky, I was just going-" I interrupted her, wondering how this had gone wrong so quickly.

"I know you think I'm a mess, and that I need a man. But I don't. I can look after myself. I don't need your money, and I don't need you in my bed."

"Who said anything about bed?" Did she know about my dirty dreams? Or maybe she had been having dirty dreams as well. I smirked as I realized that I was affecting her just as much as she was affecting me.

"I don't want to be your sub."

"My sub?" HUH? "Like my sandwich?" And I thought I was random.

"No," she whispered slowly. "I'm not a sexual deviant." Oh, sub. I tried not to laugh at her words. Did she think every guy was into sadomasochism?

"And I am?" My eyes twinkled at her as she glared at me. "Lucky, how did you know I was going to ask you to be my sub in exchange for paying for your car repairs?" I decided to tease her for a little bit.

"Wait, what?" She frowned up at him and groaned as she shook her head. "Sorry, just ignore everything I just said. I think I'm still half asleep."

"Were you dreaming about being my sub?" I looked at her carefully to see if she would blush.

"No, of course not." Red spread across her face, and I grinned to myself.

"So just normal sex then." I dreamt I was on top of you last night.

"Yeah," She muttered and flushed. "I mean no. I wasn't dreaming about you at all. I don't even believe in casual sex. Well, not anymore."

"Oh?" I sat down on the bed and grinned at her.

"I need to go and shower." She turned away, flustered. "You made me confused waking me up out of my sleep like that."

"Don't you want to hear my idea first?" I sat up, and stared at her, suddenly serious. I needed to get this out now.

"What idea?" She frowned, looking back at him.

"Sit." I patted the spot next to me on the bed. "Sit, take a deep breath, and listen." I took my own advice, and tried to calm my nerves.

She sat on the bed next to me, and left a space between us before looking at me with a curious expression. "You're really bossy, you know that?"

"I know." I grinned. "I also know you're not the quiet, sweet girl you seemed to be at Lou's."

"Disappointed?" She laughed.

"Not at all." I turned towards her and reached over and rubbed something by her eye. "Sorry, you had some sleep in your eye." I

"Thanks." She breathed out and I ran my finger down her cheek.

"You're beautiful." My words were slow, and I spoke as if in a trance. "You're really beautiful." And I want you with me, every day. I don't know why. But I need you in my life.

"Thanks." She bit her lip and looked down. "I'm not really sure what to say."

"Can I kiss you?" I leaned in towards her, but she shook her head.

"No."

"I love that." I pulled away from her. She was making me crazy inside, but I was glad that she wasn't making it easy for me.

"Sure you do."

"You've got a smart mouth, huh?"

"Are you going to tell me your idea before my car gets towed, Zane? I don't have all day."

"I'm looking for someone to be my part-time assistant." I took a deep breath. This was it. "And I like and trust you, and I know from seeing you at Lou's that you have a strong work ethic."

"You what?" Her voice was loud and surprised. "You want me to work for you?"

"I know that's not as exciting as being my sub, but I need a girl Friday, so to speak, and you need money, so I thought perhaps we could make something work."

"I don't know." She frowned. "Between school and the diner, I don't have much time."

"Then I guess I'll have to find someone else." I jumped up off of the bed and walked towards the door, feeling upset and angry. I was mad that she hadn't said yes right away, and I was scared. "Do you have any other suggestions for your car?"

"I, wait, what?" She jumped up walked up to me. "I didn't say no, I just said I don't know." My heart stopped beating at her words. She was actually considering it. I was in with a chance.

"Lucky." I decided to go for the kill. "I don't have time to mess around."

"What? You have barely even given me a second to think about this."

I decided to try another tactic. Maybe I needed to seem like I didn't care. "Maybe this wasn't a good idea. Maybe you wouldn't be such a-"

"I accept the position." She almost shouted, and I felt like the wind had been sucked out of me. I felt delirious as she spoke, and I wasn't sure if I was hearing her correctly. "I accept the position, and I would like us to go and get my car now."

"Okay." I grinned. "Meet me downstairs in five minutes."

"Wait, aren't we going to discuss this further?"

"We can talk later." I exited the room before she could change her mind. "I'll meet you downstairs in five minutes." This was it. She had said yes, no matter what happened after this, it didn't matter. Lucky had accepted the position. She was just as crazy as me, but I didn't care.

***

I dropped Lucky off after breakfast and drove to the beach. I parked and sat in my car for a few minutes before making a call.

"Hello, Johnson residence." A lady answered the phone.

"Hi, can I speak to Sidney please?"

"One moment." I heard her place the phone on a table, and I waited with bated breath for him to answer the phone.

"Hello, Sidney Johnson here."

"Sidney, it's Zane Beaumont again. Noah's brother."

"Aw, Zane. It's good to hear from you again." He paused. "I'm sorry about your brother."

"Thank you." I took a deep breath, not wanting to think of Noah in this moment. "I'm sorry you didn't receive an invitation to the funeral."

"I, uh, understand. Everything was so sudden." He sighed. "How can I help you, Zane?"

"I've gotten myself a new assistant. Someone with experience in the civil rights movement. She's a historian. She's going to help me make the documentary, if you're still interested, of course."

"Oh," he sounded surprised. "I thought you were involved with some stuff in Miami."

"It's on hold for now." I continued. "We'll be coming to Los Angeles in a few days. I was hoping we could come and see you, and continue with the project."

"Sure, sure." His voice trailed off. "Whatever you want."

"If you're sure." I pressed on, knowing that if he said no, I was screwed.

"Yes, of course. I know how important this was to Noah. He would be happy to know you were continuing his work."

"Just one more thing." I took a deep breath.

"Yes?" He sounded hesitant.

"Could you maybe not mention to my assistant that I just called about doing the project?" I knew I sounded shady, but I didn't want to go into details.

"Sure." He chuckled. "I'll be sure not to say anything to her."

"Thanks." I laughed, knowing that he understood where I was coming from. "I'll call you when we get to town."

"Speak to you soon, Zane." And with that he hung up. I jumped out of the car, and started running. I felt exhilarated and excited. For the first time in months, I felt like I had a reason to start living. Before Lucky had come along, I thought that everything was over in my life. My surroundings had turned to black and white, and I walked around unfeeling, with only one goal in my mind. I still had that goal: to get Braydon imprisoned for what he had done to Noah, but now, my world had turned back to color. It wasn't something I had looked for, and it wasn't even something I understood. In fact, it scared the shit out of me. I didn't really know this girl, and she didn't know me. But we had something. There was a connection there that I couldn't explain. And she was never far from my mind. Before Lucky, I had been a shadow of myself. I'd never believed in love or soul mates. I'd never even wanted anything more than what I had. But now, now I felt differently. I was willing to see where this path took us. I was willing to take a risk, I wanted to get to know her better. I wanted to kiss her, and feel her. I wanted to be with her. For however long it lasted. I wasn't going to run away anymore. Before Lucky, my life was focused on bringing Braydon down, but now, my life was also focused on her. And I was going to do everything I could to make sure that I achieved all of my goals.

The End

