Chapter One

Leo

"So you excited for tomorrow?" Zane grinned at me as he handed me a beer.

"Do I look like I'm excited?" I groaned. "There aren't many people that go from bouncer/body guard to CEO in a matter of days."

"Yeah well, there aren't many people that leave their family business to go work outside a club." He grinned at me. "I'm surprised your dad let you stay away for as long as he did."

"Well now he wants me back." I groaned and took a long chug of beer. "I wasn't sure I could listen to another 'I'm disappointed' speech again."

"We should go out and celebrate your last night of freedom." Zane laughed. "Maybe Noah can come as well."

"Oh no you don't." Lucky, Zane's wife, walked into the room. "You're not going out and leaving me with the kids. If you guys want to celebrate we can order in a pizza." She grinned and sat next to me on the couch. "Please, I want to celebrate with Leo as well."

"You want to laugh at me." I grinned at her and she shook her head.

"No, but I'm glad you're making a life for yourself. A life that doesn't include acting as a bodyguard. Maybe now you can mature in other ways as well."

"What's that supposed to mean?" I raised an eyebrow at her, though I knew exactly what she was saying.

"I mean, maybe you'll meet a girl." She grinned.

"I did, but then she went and married my best friend." I grinned back at her.

"Hey guys, I'm still here." Zane's voice was serious, but his eyes were laughing. "Do I have to ban you both from seeing each other?"

"Zane, you're not banning me from anything." Lucky rolled her eyes.

"You wanna bet?"

"Sure." She licked her lips and folded her arms. "What do you want to bet?"

"Nothing." He looked sheepish. "You'd just win."

"You got that right." She leaned back and laughed. "So actually, I'm starting to feel hungry. Shall I order two pizzas?"

"Shall we see if Noah, Robin and Skylar are coming over?" Zane asked. "We might need more food."

"I think they went to Malibu for the weekend." Lucky shook her head. "Noah wanted to show Skylar the beach."

"I cannot believe that Noah is a dad." I shook my head and sighed. "And you too, of course." I looked at Zane. My best friend. My brother from another mother. The guy I'd thought would remain a bachelor for the rest of his days, just like me. But here he was, married with two kids. I still couldn't believe it. I wasn't sure what had happened. How had time passed me by like this? I could still remember us in college hooking up with sorority girls and getting drunk. Now, he hooked up with one woman and one woman alone. Though, I hadn't been joking, his wife Lucky was a gem. If I had ever thought of settling down, which I didn't, it would be with someone like Lucky. Zane had gotten really lucky meeting her when he was down in Miami. I'd been even more shocked when Zane's brother, Noah, had gone and adopted a kid as well, that he was raising with his fiancee, Robin. I'd thought that out of everyone I knew, the Beaumont Brothers were the two guys that were guaranteed to remain single, just like me. But now, it was just me. I was the only single guy in the group and I had no problem with that. I never wanted to get married and I didn't believe in love.

"It's not so bad." Zane shrugged and then looked at Lucky. "I mean, it's pretty awesome. It's always awesome. Never bad."

"Not a good save, Zane." Lucky shook her head. "You're changing Ruby-Lane tonight."

"Oh man." He groaned and made a face at me. "Never have babies. They poop. They throw-up. They smell."

"Don't worry," I laughed. "I have no plans on ever having a baby." I pulled out my wallet and two condom packets. "I'm always prepared."

"Leo." Lucky laughed and blushed as she stared at the Magnums in my hand.

"Sorry, didn't mean to offend." I grinned and Zane laughed.

"So do you know what you're going to be doing?" He changed the subject. "Your dad's company is huge."

"I have no idea. All I know is that an account manager left and they were interviewing to replace him when I decided to go back. They turned everyone else away and I got the job. Dad wants me to start at the middle before I make it to the top."

"There's nothing like nepotism." Zane laughed and Lucky frowned.

"That's so sad for everyone else that was applying for the job." She said softly. "I feel bad for them."

"I'm sure they're fine." I shrugged. "It's not like they had the job and were fired so that I could take it. No one else had the job."

"Yeah, but just imagine if you'd been applying for a job, but you never really had a chance." Lucky continued and shrugged. "I mean it is what it is. You basically own the company, so it's your job anyway, but it just seems sad."

"Yeah, I guess." I looked at Zane and he was grinning.

"You know Lucky has a bleeding heart." He laughed and then groaned as one of the babies started crying. "Excuse me, daddy duty calls. Lucky go ahead and order some pizza and cheesy bread. I'll be back soon." Zane jumped up and left the room and I turned to look at Lucky. She had a serious look on her face and I could see the concern in her eyes.

"What's up?" I asked her as she wasn't speaking.

"I just want to make sure that you really want to work for your dad." She searched my eyes. "And that it's not just out of obligation."

"It's a bit of both." I shrugged. "I mean, I've never wanted to work for him, but I'm getting older now. I can't be a bouncer for the rest of my life."

"Yeah." She grabbed my hand and squeezed. "A change will be good for you. And I really do hope you meet someone."

"I wouldn't count on it." I laughed. "I don't plan on meeting anyone for anything other than a night or two."

"Oh Leo." She sighed and smiled at me. "What am I going to do with you?"

"Well, seeing as I can't say sleep with me," I grinned at her reddening face. "Your husband would kill me if I said or did that."

"Leo." She giggled and hit me on the shoulder. "That's so inappropriate."

"I'm joking." I laughed. "Don't let Zane know though, or he might just kill me."

"Leo, I hope you meet someone soon and I hope you fall in love." She gave me a big smile. "I want our babies to grow up together."

"Please don't tell me your friend Leeza is coming back to town." I faked a shudder. "Please do not try and hook us up together."

"Leo." She shook her head and rolled her eyes. "You're going to meet your match you know. One of these days, you're going to meet a girl and she's going to make you forget all your fears and jokes."

"I wouldn't count on it." I shook my head as I stood. "Now excuse me, I need to use the restroom before the food gets here." I strode out of the room quickly, hoping to stop the conversation about my love life. I loved Lucky, but I was fed up of everyone trying to tell me I needed to fall in love. I didn't do love. I didn't want love. And I sure didn't want to hear about it anymore.

***

It felt odd to be wearing a suit to work. The tie felt claustrophobic around my neck and I wanted to rip it off. I sighed as I got out of my car and made my way into the building. I really, really didn't want to be working in corporate America again. I'd worked for my dad for six months when I'd graduated from college and it had been the worst experience of my life. I'd felt overwhelmed by the numbers of people that had sucked up to me just because they knew my dad owned the company.

I had left the company with the reluctant support of my dad and overwhelming support from Zane. He'd known what it was to not want to follow in your father's footsteps. In fact, Zane and I had practically been twins. We'd been best friends for ages. We'd always hung out together and we both liked picking up women. That was until he'd gone and moved to Miami and met Lucky.

I always thought that baby brain was a female thing. They get pregnant, they have the baby, and all of a sudden the baby takes over their life. I had no idea that men could get baby brain as well. Especially Zane. He's been my best friend for years and the one thing we always had in common was the fact that we didn't let women take over our lives. No relationship was ever that important. Then he went and found Lucky and everything changed. They got married and now he's a dad. Sometimes, I don't even recognize him anymore. It's all good though. I like Lucky and sometimes I even think that Zane found his perfect match, but there is no way I ever want to go down that road. No way, Jose.

"Good Morning, Mr. Maxwell, your father will meet you in your office on the tenth floor." The receptionist beamed at me as I walked past the main desk in the foyer of Maxwell Enterprises.

"Morning." I nodded, without smiling. I was annoyed. I hadn't been in the building for years, yet she still remembered me. I could see the glances I was receiving as I walked to the elevator. I could almost hear what they were all whispering, what they were likely all sending to each other via text message. "Did you hear? The prodigal son returns."

I walked into the elevator and was about to press the button when a long leg entered the elevator with me. "Please keep the doors open." She gasped out as she ran in and joined me.

"You're safe." I said dryly before hitting the button to close the door. "What floor are you going to?"

"Ten, please." She looked up at me with wide, open brown eyes and a head of messy brown hair. "Thanks."

"No worries." I shrugged and looked away from her.

"What floor are you on? Are you new?" She asked me and I looked at her in surprise. Hadn't she heard the news? The CEO's son had returned to take his rightful place in the company?

"Don't worry about it." I shrugged. It was starting already. Girls were pretending they didn't know who I was, so they could try and trap me.

"I wasn't worrying about it." Her voice sounded sarcastic and I looked up at her again and studied her face. She was prettier than I'd initially thought, now that her hair was tied back. In fact, she was a lot prettier than I thought. I turned away from her again. I didn't have time to worry about pretty faces.

"Good." I gave her a small smile and tried to ignore the long expanse of leg she had on display. We stood there in silence for the new few seconds until the elevator started moving.

"You're new?" The girl asked me again and gave me a small smile as I fiddled with my tie.

"Yeah, it's my first day." I made a face. "Corporate America here I am."

"You didn't want the job?" She looked at me quizzically, her brown eyes surveying my face with interest.

"Not really, but I gotta pay the bills."

"Yeah, I know what you mean." She sighed. "I wanted to quit, but my stupid roommate is so irresponsible that I know the moment I quit, she'll get fired and then we won't be able to pay the rent."

"Uh yeah." I nodded, feeling bad that she'd misunderstood me. "What do you do?"

"I'm an overqualified assistant to a big ass**le." She made a face.

"Don't like your boss huh?"

"Nope, he's a privileged jerk." Her voice grew angry. "I would have quit already if I could."

"Oh wow. Maybe tell HR about him?"

"He took my job and my raise, they're not going to want to hear it." She sighed. "Especially as he's related to the CEO."

"He's related to the CEO?" I froze as I stared at her. Was she talking about me? I frowned as I stared at her. I'd never met this girl before in my life and I certainly hadn't done anything for her to think I was an ass**le. Could she be talking about someone else?

"Yeah, he's the boss's son." She rolled her eyes. "I don't even think he's qualified for the position."

"Oh, hmm." I paused. "Have you worked for him for a long time then? You seem to really hate him."

"I've not met him before." She confessed. "But I'm sure he's a spoilt rich kid like every other Beverly Hills Trust Fund baby."

"He's from Beverly Hills?" I asked softly. I'd grown up in Manhattan Beach so I was curious to hear what her answer was.

"I'm sure, aren't they all?" She shrugged flinging her brown hair across her shoulders in a dismissive fashion.

"So you don't really know much about him then?" I stared at her as the elevator stopped at the tenth floor.

"No." She made a face. "I've not actually worked for him as yet, but I already know he's going to be a jerk."

"Yeah, from what you've told me, he seems like he's going to be a monster." I nodded in agreement. "And you're going to be his assistant?"

"Yeah, I'm his right-hand man." She grinned. "Though I think I'll let him stew for the first few days. See how well he gets on without me telling him what to do."

"Yeah, hopefully he doesn't fire you then."

"Oh, he won't." She grinned. "To his face, I'll be nice. I'll just be shady behind his back."

"Well that sounds like a plan, maybe I can do that with my boss if he turns out to be a jerk."

"Most of the senior people are cool." She sighed. "Maxwell Corp, is actually a pretty cool place to work. What exactly will you be doing again?"

"To be honest, I have no idea." I laughed. "I was offered the job and took it."

"They must have really wanted you."

"I guess so."

"Well maybe I'll see you at lunch, I get off at the next floor. All the assistants eat lunch together."

"Sounds like a plan to me." I grinned. "I'm Leo by the way."

"Hannah." She shook my hand and walked out of the elevator. "Oh," she looked at me in surprise as I followed her out. "You're working on this floor as well."

"I am." I nodded and raised an eyebrow at her.

"What did you say your name was again?" She paused and looked at me for a few seconds with a thoughtful look.

"Leo." I smiled at her widely as we stopped outside a door.

"Leo?" She froze and I saw a red hue rising in her face. "As in Leonardo?"

"Yes." I nodded and put my hand on the doorknob.

"As in Leonardo Maxwell?" Her voice was soft as I opened the door.

"The one and only."

"Oh." She groaned as she followed me into the door.

"It's nice to meet you, Hannah." I grinned. "I assume you're my new assistant?"

There was silence in the office as we both stared at each other. I was able to study Hannah's body a lot better with her standing in front of me. She was wearing a rather short skirt and a top that seemed one size too small, as the buttons next to her chest seemed like they were about to pop open. She was a pretty girl, with long dark brown hair and wide expressive brown eyes that seemed to be sparking shots of fire at me. Her lips were naturally pouty and she was wearing some sort of pink lip gloss that was begging to be kissed off. I could see from her stance that she was confident, but worried. The look on her face was that of a suicidal deer in the headlights that was still debating on how much pain it would be in if it continued running and risked hitting a car. I knew she was going to continue running. It was the pain vs. pride debate. She was upset that I'd become privy to her thoughts, but she wasn't going to back down.

"So you're planning on making my life difficult then?" I asked her softly. "Is it your plan for me to be so upset that I'll up and quit."

"No." She muttered and looked at the ground. "Would you quit?" She asked hopefully.

"Do you think you would get this job if I quit because you were making my life a misery?" I laughed. "Do you think I wouldn't just have you fired?"

"I guess so." She looked up at me with pursed lips. "So are you going to fire me?"

"What sort of person would I be if I did that?" I pursed my lips. No, I wasn't going to have her fired. I knew I should, but there was something that told me she was the sort of girl I could have a lot of fun with. I needed something to make this a fun couple of first weeks. I'd keep her for now, but if I thought she was getting too crazy, she'd be out on her ear.

"I didn't mean for you to hear all that." She said sullenly.

"How old are you, Hannah?" I changed the subject abruptly.

"Twenty four."

"Twenty four?"

"That's what I said." She spoke up. "Why?"

"Just curious." I shrugged. "I didn't know that backstabbing in the corporate world started in those as young as twenty four. I thought it started when folks hit their thirties at least."

"Nepotism doesn't start in the thirties, so why should backstabbing?"

"So you admit that you've got a plan to backstab me?"

"I don't have a plan to do anything."

"I used to be a bodyguard you know, well, more like a bouncer, but I don't take crap very well."

"Are you threatening me?" Her lips trembled as she stared at me with narrowed eyes. It took everything I had in me to not laugh. This girl was a spitfire. A real spitfire. She was going to make my first few weeks very interesting.

Knock. Knock. We both turned to look at the front door.

"Leo." My dad's voice boomed as he walked into the office. "You made it in."

"Bright and early." I said sarcastically as he patted me on the back.

"Good." He nodded and looked at me with pleased eyes. "That's what I like to see."

"Dad, this is my assistant Hannah." I nodded towards a wide-eyed Hannah. "Hannah, this is my father and the CEO of Maxwell Corp, James Maxwell."

"It's nice to meet you, Mr. Maxwell." Hannah's voice was soft and sweet as she held out her hand, a wide smile on her face. "I can't tell you how much of an honor it is to work for you."

"Nice to meet you too, Hannah. Take care of my boy. He'll be CEO one day." He shook her hand and then looked back at me. "Shall we get lunch today and chat?"

"I told Zane I'd meet up with him for lunch." I shook my head. "Maybe tomorrow?"

"I guess so." He frowned. "How is that boy? I can't believe he got married and has kids already."

"He's doing great dad. He and Lucky are very happy."

"You'll be next I suppose." He grinned. "We'll be having little feet running around here before we know it."

"I wouldn't count on it dad." I shook my head and frowned. "I have no plans to get married and no plans to have kids."

"Leo, you have to..." He started and I cut him off.

"Dad, this isn't the time or the place." I said angrily. I could see Hannah watching the exchange with a curious expression.

"Fine." He gave me a stern look. "I want my grandchildren to inherit this business, Leo and you're my only child." He paused and then smiled. "But let's just have you focusing on work for now." He nodded. "We'll grab lunch tomorrow. I think Mike is going to come down and talk to you in a few minutes and go over how things work and give you your first assignments."

"Sounds good." I nodded.

"Have a great day you two." My dad walked out of the office and I turned to face a smirking Hannah.

"What's so funny?" I barked at her, feeling annoyed.

"It's usually women that have to hear the grandchildren talk. It was funny to hear it directed towards a guy."

"Whatever." I shook my head. "I have no plans to get married, so don't get your hopes up."

"Excuse me?" She frowned, her jaw dropping. "I couldn't care less what you do."

"Good." I nodded. "I don't need my assistant trying to get me fired and trying to marry me."

"You really are a jerk."

"Just trying to live up to the name you already gave me." I smiled at her and her face flushed. "Also, do me a favor." I leaned into her face and whispered.

"What favor?" She frowned and took a step back.

"Walk over to the desk and bend over." I winked at her. "Pull your skirt up and let me see your tight little ass. I want to see if it's as tight as your..."

"Excuse me." She gasped, her eyes widening. "That's sexual harassment. I could get you fired for that."

"Then we're even." I laughed as I pulled away from her, even though I was slightly turned on from thinking about her bent over the desk.

"Even about what?" She frowned.

"We both have tales that can get the other person fired if they went to HR." I walked over to the main desk and sat down in the leather swivel chair. I stared at her as she looked over at me and I cocked my head and spoke slowly. "I suggest that you get your act together and stop acting like an entitled brat. I don't know why you think this job should have been yours, but it's mine and as long as you're my assistant, I expect the respect my title deserves. Do you understand me?" I sat back and waited for her response. She stared at me for a few seconds and then I watched as she walked out of the room and slammed the door behind her. I guess that was her response. I laughed as I stared at the closed door. Hannah was going to be a handful, but I wouldn't have it any other way.

Chapter Two

Hannah

"It's so freaking unfair." I sipped my coffee and nibbled on the toast my roommate and best friend, Lisa had made for me. "I've been working as an assistant for two years. That promotion should have been mine."

"It's a dog eat dog world." Lisa nodded at me sympathetically. "It's a boys club."

"Yeah, nepotism at the finest. If I was born into the family, I'd most probably be CEO by now." I frowned and slammed my cup back down on the table. "But no, I'm still an assistant. And to rub it in my face even more, I'm the new assistant to the guy that took my job."

"He's a jerk."

"He really is." I growled as I remembered Leo's attitude from the day before. Stupid blond ass**le! "He thinks just because he's tall and blond and handsome that he can just do what he wants."

"Oh he's handsome?" Lisa stopped in front of me and grinned. "How handsome?"

"Like a Hollywood hunk." I sighed and thought about his big blue eyes.

"When can I meet him?" Lisa grinned and tossed her long dyed red hair over her shoulders. "Is he single?"

"I have no idea if he's single." I shook my head. "I met him yesterday."

"Can you find out?" She sat at the table next to me and continued eagerly. "Maybe I can come and meet you for lunch and we can accidentally meet?" She grinned. "I've always wanted to date an executive manager."

"Lisa!" I frowned at her. "We hate this guy. He took my job. All because his dad owns the company."

"Oh yeah, his dad owns the company." Lisa clapped her hands happily. "Good-bye call-center job, hello Rodeo Drive."

"Lisa!" I shook my head. "Really?"

"Sorry." She giggled. "But handsome and rich is too good to pass up."

"He's also an ass**le."

"Hey, what guy isn't?" Lisa shrugged and then paused. "But hey, I'll wait until you give him your silent treatment for a few weeks and then that will give me time to get ready."

"Get ready?"

"You think I'm going to meet him with this hot mess?" She held up her frazzled dry red hair. "I'm going blonde and I'm getting a cut. I'm also going to hit Santa Monica beach the next couple of weekends, get my tan on." She paused and grinned as I shook my head in disbelief. "Then I'll be ready to meet him. Maybe I can lose ten pounds in that time as well. I guess I can do it with a cleanse."

"Are you joking with me, Lisa?" I shook my head. "This guy is my enemy and you're already trying to hook up with him."

"I'm not trying to hook up with him. I'm trying to marry him." She laughed.

"Lisa, you haven't even seen him yet." I shook my head. "You're crazy."

"Do you want to do the master cleanse with me?"

"That lemonade diet?" I frowned.

"Yes." She nodded.

"No way, Jose." I shook my head. "Thanks for your support." I was pissed that she was talking about diets when I was telling her about my new enemy.

"I'm sorry, Hannah." She grabbed my arm. "I was just getting a little carried away with myself. Look, just be yourself. Let him know that you're more than an assistant. Let him know he can't treat you like the help." She shrugged. "Let him know you're equals and that should have been your job."

"How am I supposed to do that?"

"Make him feel bad about what he's done." She looked at me thoughtfully. "He knows that was supposed to be your job right?"

"Yeah." I groaned, remembering the previous day. "He knows."

"So let him know that just because he has the connections doesn't mean he's better than you." She nodded. "Bring him down a couple of pegs!"

"Yeah, I suppose I can try and do that." I bit down on my lower lip, trying to think about what I could do to make the great Leonardo Maxwell realize that he wasn't better than me.

"Then you can hook him up with me." She grinned. "What's his name again?"

"Lisa," I groaned. "I already told you his name is Leo."

"Ooh, Leo like Leonardo DiCaprio?"

"I guess." I sighed. "He's better looking than DiCaprio though."

"What?" She screeched. "Okay, I need to meet this man."

"He's most probably a bigger man whore than DiCaprio as well. You know all the tabloids have Leo dating a different model every couple of months."

"I'm no model." Lisa groaned. "Not even if I lose ten pounds."

"You're better than those stupid models." I gave her a quick hug. "Any guy would be lucky to get you."

"So why aren't they fighting over me then?" She tilted her head and smiled. "Why am I still working at a stupid call center, telling people why their phones are being cut off every month?"

"Because you love it?" I laughed and she made a face. "We'll get our breaks soon."

"Let's hope so." She carried the dirty dishes from the table to the sink. "I want to go shopping for some new clothes, with someone else's credit card for once."

"Lisa," I burst out laughing. "I hope you don't say that around anyone too loudly. People might think you're a gold-digger."

"I don't need gold, just a black Amex." She said and we both burst out laughing.

"Okay, thanks for breakfast. I have to leave now, the big boss is most probably waiting on me to get his morning coffee and breakfast."

"Aw, lucky guy has a private waitress." Lisa said as I walked out of the kitchen. An idea suddenly popped into my mind. Maybe I could show up in a waitresses' outfit and make him feel put out. I smiled to myself as I pictured the confusion on his face as I asked him for his order. That would make him feel bad!

***

I jumped into my 1997 gold Toyota Corolla and started the engine, waiting for it to click over. I bit down on my lower lip as I realized that I'd no longer be able to upgrade to a 2004 Honda Accord as I'd been planning when I thought I was going to get the executive manager job. I'd been so close. I'd gone through three interviews. I'd been almost positive that the job was going to be mine. Finally my MBA was going to be of use to me. And then, I'd been notified that they were going with a different candidate. The boss's son, to be exact. I was furious when I heard and then when they told me I was switching departments and was going to be his assistant I nearly quit on the spot. If I didn't have bills to pay, I would have left. However, Lisa's job was crappy and I was sure that she'd get fired any day for the way she spoke to the customers. I knew that I'd have to cover her rent if she got fired because she had no savings. I couldn't afford to lose my job.

I drove along thinking about Leo Maxwell. I hadn't wanted to admit it to Lisa, but I thought he was cute. Really cute. When I'd first seen him, I'd thought to myself, who is this hottie? If I hadn't been in a bad mood, I might have flirted with him. He had the most gorgeous blue eyes, I'd ever seen in my life. I'd been excited at the possibility of having lunch with him, but then of course he'd turned out to be my boss.

My body had grown hot with embarrassment as I'd realized he was my boss. His eyes had been laughing at me. I knew he thought it was funny, but I'd been mortified and a little scared that he would fire me for insubordination. I was curious as to why he'd taken the job though. He didn't seem like the corporate type and he hadn't seem enthused about the job. I bet he wished he could spend his days at the beach surfing. He looked like a beach bum with his golden brown tan and bleach blond hair. He was way too good looking for his own good. I bet he was a player as well. All he had to do was flash his baby blues and girls would be falling all over him. Well, I was going to make sure that that wasn't me. I wasn't going to be falling over him. I didn't care how many times he flashed his cute little dimple at me or smiled at me with his bold sexy stare. I didn't care how much my fingers wanted to push his silky hair back.

Leo Maxwell was trouble with a capital T. I had to get under his skin before he got under my mine. I could still remember his comment about bending over his desk. I felt ashamed admitting to myself that a part of me had been thrilled at his comment. He was a dangerous, dangerous boy. I couldn't afford to play the games that these rich kids played. I wasn't made of money. I didn't have any family to support me if I crashed and burned. In fact, I had a family back in Iowa waiting for me to send them money every month. I couldn't let my grandparents or siblings down. I had to focus. I needed to figure out a way to get a promotion and to make more money. Even if that meant leaving Maxwell Corporation. The thought saddened me. I didn't want to leave the company; especially not now.

"Get it together, Hannah." I shouted at myself as I pulled into the parking lot at work. "This is a job, nothing more and nothing less." I lectured myself as I got out of the car. I picked up the bag next to me and grinned. I was going to enjoy watching Leo squirm as I played my little prank on him.

Chapter Three

Leo

"Any coffee, Sir?" Hannah stood at the entry to my door with an apron tied around her waist and a challenge in her eyes.

"Why, yes. I'd love that." I looked up from my desk and nodded at her. I looked down for a second to hide my grin. I saw the disappointment in her eyes as she walked towards me. She pulled a notepad out of her pocket and a pen from behind her ear.

"What would you like?" She chewed on the pen and stared at me. I knew she was trying to get a reaction out of me.

"I'll take a latte, one sugar and a bagel with cream cheese." I replied without blinking or commenting on the fact that she was dressed like a waitress.

"Anything else, Sir?"

"No, that's all. Danke Schon, Fraulein."

"Fraulein?" She repeated, her voice dropping and her eyes widened.

"That's thank you waitress in German." I grinned at her and she dropped the notepad on my table. "At least I think that's what it means."

"Excuse me?" She leaned towards me, her eyes angry and her breath coming fast. "I'm not a waitress. I'm not here to serve you."

"Hey, I didn't know what to think." I shrugged. "I wasn't sure if you were trying to be a waitress or if you were playing some kinky game that I wasn't aware of."

"What kinky game?" She frowned.

"You know - role play or something." I licked my lips. "I'm not saying I wouldn't be down but not in the office."

"You're a pig." She stood back up and ripped the apron off and threw it to the ground.

"Last time I checked I didn't oink."

"Ugh." She glared at me and walked back to my doorway.

"Hannah," I called out softly. "Wait."

"Yes?" She turned around and waited. I stared at her angry, yet still beautiful face and her heaving chest.

"Are you still going to get my coffee?" I asked and I watched her eyes narrowing at me. "That is still a part of your job description." I finished slowly and I saw an angry red hue rising in her face. "Thanks. I'll take a plain bagel with cream cheese as well. Toasted."

She turned around and left the room without a word. I laughed as soon as she exited the room. I knew most people would have been uncomfortable working with an assistant that hated them. In fact, she would be considered insubordinate and fired pretty quickly from most jobs. However, I liked the fact that she wasn't scared to let her feelings show. I knew that she was upset because she had missed out on the position due to me. I agreed that it was unfair. However, that wasn't going to stop me from having some fun with her. She was going to make life at the office very, very entertaining.

I checked my email and sighed as I saw a message had just come in from my dad. If he was going to be on my ass everyday this job was going to be a lot harder. I opened the email and froze. I was needed for a business trip at the end of the next week. What? I didn't even know what was going on and I had to go on a business trip? I waited for Hannah to come back into the room and sat back staring at the screen feeling irritated. What was I really doing here? I felt like I was playing the part of the ambitious son. I just wasn't interested in mergers and acquisitions. At least, I didn't feel like I was.

"Here's your coffee, Sir." Hannah returned to my office about ten minutes later without her waitress uniform. She handed me a white snoopy cup with lipstick on the rim and some packets of sugar.

"What's this?" I frowned, staring up into her expectant brown eyes.

"Your coffee."

"This looks like someone else's cup. Someone's used mug to be precise." I stared into the mug and stuck my pinky finger into the coffee. "And the coffee's cold."

"Oops." She shrugged and my eyes found her lips and stared for a few seconds. A light bulb went off in my head as I realized the red lipstick on the side of the cup matched the shade on her lips.

"You can have the real thing you know." I sat back and smiled at her. Her expression changed from one of defiance to confusion.

"What real thing?"

"My lips against yours."

"Huh?" I saw her fingers smoothing down her skirt as she stared at me.

"You drank from my cup, I'm assuming because you wanted my lips to touch yours, in whatever way that they could." I winked at her and waved my hand. "If you want to come over here, I can let you see what it feels like to have your lips pressed against mine properly. That way the lipstick will be on my lips and not on my cup."

"I don't want to kiss you." She blushed and I could see that I'd broken her composure.

"Are you sure about that? Maybe you're feeling mad at me because you need a good kissing." I stood up. "Maybe once we get that out of the way, you'll be feeling better."

"I don't think that will help." She shook her head and took a step back. "And I think it's rude of you to suggest it."

"As rude as you drinking from my coffee?" I stopped in front of her and grinned. "I think you'll find my lips are a lot sweeter than coffee, but I suppose that depends if you like it sweet or bitter."

"I don't like it either way." She frowned. "You're so inappropriate."

"Pot, pot." I shouted out. "Kettle's calling, will you answer?"

"Funny," She smiled reluctantly. "I don't answer to pot, but I don't mind calling you kettle."

"You can call me anything you want in the bedroom."

"You're so immature. I can't believe you got this job over me."

"Oh boy. Have you been speaking to Lucky?" I gasped. "What did she tell you about me?"

"Who's Lucky?" She sounded annoyed. "Let me guess, some ex you slept with and then ditched."

"Not quite." I laughed. "Lucky's my best friends' wife. And I'm pretty certain she thinks I'm a little immature as well."

"That doesn't surprise me." She rolled her eyes. "And just in case you didn't know. I wouldn't make moves on your friends' wife, that's kind of a dick move. Just in case you were thinking of doing something like that."

"Why would I go for her, when I have you at my beck and call?" I grinned and walked towards her. She kept stepping back until she was against the door. I stopped in front of her and placed my hands above her shoulders and leaned in. "I don't mess with married women." I moved my face closer to hers and whispered, so that she could feel my breath on her lips. "I prefer to have fun with smart-mouthed assistants that like to role-play and talkback."

"I'm not going to have any fun with you." She whispered back and I moved back and laughed.

"So you admit you're smart-mouthed, like to role-play and like to talkback?"

"I admit I'm smart, yes." She made a face at me and pushed past me. "Now are we going to work or do you want to sit around and play games all day? I mean I know you're the boss's son, but I would assume you need to actually get something done, right?"

"Very funny." I turned around and walked back to my desk. She was correct of course. There was a lot of work to do and I had to start somewhere. "We have a business trip next week. We'll be flying to New York."

"We?" She frowned and I could see her nibbling her lower lip. I moved my eyes away from her mouth as she was starting to turn me on.

"Yes, we. You're my assistant, right?"

"Yeah, but assistants don't normally-"

"Stop right there." I brushed my hands. "I don't care what normally happens."

"I'm not a normal type of guy."

"That I knew." Her eyes looked me over from head to toe and she smirked at me as her eyes met mine again. I smiled inwardly at her little digs. Did she really think she was getting the better of me?

"I'm glad you knew that." I smiled softly. "That will make life easier for the both of us. I've got a meeting with my dad in half an hour. When I'm gone, I want you to go through the Martin Corp files. We're meeting with the CEO Rob Martin next week. I want you find out everything there is to know about Martin Corp." I frowned as I noticed she wasn't writing anything down. "Are you getting all of this?"

"Rob Martin has been the CEO of Martin Corp for three years. He took over the company from his father. His father took it over from his father. They are all undergraduates of Harvard and they all went to Yale Law School. Martin Corp had a net loss of $500 million last year and they sold five TV stations they owned in the Midwest." She paused and looked at me. "Rob doesn't want to sell the family company, but they are looking at a net loss of another $300 million this year and they have seen shares drop by 75%. Investors and shareholders are leaving in flocks and if something doesn't change they will have to liquidate and disband. He wants a partner to keep them in business. Partners want to get rid of the Martin name." She stopped and looked up at me. "Shall I continue?"

"You know your stuff." I nodded slowly, impressed at her business acumen.

"That's why I was nearly hired for your job." She said dryly.

"Touche." I bit my lower lip. "Well if you play your hands right, you might still get a chance to advance."

"Uh huh." She mumbled and I could tell she wanted to say something else.

"What is it?" I asked her softly. "I can tell that you're dying to say something else."

"I don't care about advancing if it means I have to sleep with the bosses son."

"Sleeping with me wouldn't get you an advancement." I smiled. "It might get you a couple of days in late to work, but that's about it."

"Ooh, now the option looks so much more attractive." She rolled her eyes.

"Though, I wouldn't advise you sleep with me." I grinned. "I wouldn't want things to be awkward between us when I stopped sleeping with you."

"When you stopped sleeping with me?" Her jaw dropped. "Really?"

"Really?" I grinned. "I'm not the sort of guy that has relationships and you seem like the clingy type. Things could get awkward if we had sex. I wouldn't want you trying to poison me."

"You'd be so lucky." She shook her head furiously. I watched her slinky long hair covering her face and imagined it trailing along my chest as she bent down to suck me.

"I think I would." I mumbled to myself and sat down. Maybe I needed to stop with the game. It was fun, but I didn't want to start turning myself on. I didn't want it to get to the point where I was no longer teasing her. Teasing was fun. And bedding her would be even more fun, but I knew sex with my assistant would be the worst thing I could do. And I wasn't lying when I said that I thought things would be terribly awkward once our weekend of fun was done. Hannah, for all her bravado, seemed the sort of girl to take things very personally. There was no way I wanted to hit it and quit it with a girl that worked for me. That just equaled trouble.

"What else did you need me to do for you, Mr. Maxwell?" Hannah's voice was prim and proper as she put her hair up in a bun. She looked like a sexy librarian with the hair up, but I didn't tell her that the look turned me on even more than her hair being down did. When it was up, I could imagine being the one to pull out the pins and turn her from dowdy to sexy.

"I want you to figure out Rob Martin's likes and dislikes. Find out what's going on in his personal life. Find out if it's always been his goal to take-over the company or if he's doing it out of a sense of duty." I paused as I watched her scribbling quickly in her notepad. "I want to know what he does in his spare time. I want to know which companies he cares about the most. I want to know the breakdown in revenue for each region and for each company. I want to know if he's going to be willing to sell Martin Corp for $500 Million and walk away from the company."

"You're going to make a bid." Her eyes narrowed as she stared at me. "I thought..."

"I know what you thought." I grinned. "You thought I didn't know anything. You think I took this job knowing nothing. I might be the boss's son. And I might have taken the job you're also qualified for, but I do know my shit, Hannah Will. My dad's a successful businessman. Trust me, he never would have hired me if I didn't know my shit." I watched Hannah's shoulders deflate slightly as she realized that I wasn't a complete dumbass. I'm sure she realized now that as chagrined as she had been, she couldn't say that someone not as qualified as her had taken the job. I knew my shit. I'd grown up with a dad obsessed with business. I'd been reading the Financial Times and Wall Street Journal since I was a kid. Yeah, I preferred surfing and I liked playing my guitar, but that didn't mean I didn't know my bonds from my stocks. That didn't mean I didn't look at the Nasdaq and the Dow every morning with my coffee. I didn't want to pull rank on Hannah and I truly liked her, but she had to realize and remember who was boss. At the end of the day, I needed her to do a job and I needed her to respect me.

"Yes Sir." She nodded her head. "Is there anything else you need from me before the meeting?"

"I need your cellphone number and personal email address."

"My personal email address?" She frowned. "Why not my business email address?"

"Because everything I have to say can't be viewed by HR." I winked at her and watched as she left the room in a huff and a small smile. Just because it would be unprofessional to sleep with her didn't mean I couldn't still flirt. I'd try to not let it get out of hand, but she was going to make it very difficult for me to keep my hands to myself, if she kept giving me those 'I want you to f**k me eyes'.

Chapter Four

Hannah

"Are you ready for our trip tomorrow?" Leo walked up next to my desk and nearly made me jump out of my seat.

"Don't scare me like that." I glared at him, looking so calm and relaxed. It was so unfair that he could look so cool, calm and collected while I was pretty sure I looked a frazzled mess every time he was around. I was annoyed at my body for betraying me every time he was near. I wasn't sure how it was possible, but every time I saw him, he looked hotter and hotter.

"I didn't mean to scare you." He rubbed my shoulder briefly and my body nearly went into convulsions.

"Did you need anything in particular, Leo?" I'd quickly gotten into the habit of calling him Leo instead of Mr. Maxwell. I'd felt like a fool addressing him so formally in front of the other members of staff.

"I'd ask you for a coffee, but I know that's not your strong point."

"I can get you a coffee if you want." I stood up and grabbed my bag, eager to be away from him. "What do you want?"

"I'd take a cafe latte with one sugar, if you're going and you promise not to drink from it first."

"I won't drink from it." I promised, still feeling embarrassed at how badly I'd behaved the first day I'd gotten him coffee. "Anything else?"

"Yeah, why don't you dress up as a nurse this time?" He winked at me. "I've always had a thing for nurses."

"Excuse me?"

"You know - last time you were a waitress, this time you can wear a nurse's outfit. Keep things spicy." He laughed as I glared at him and quickly left the office.

"I should put on a nurse's outfit." I muttered to myself as I walked into the elevator. "That would show him." I pressed the ground floor button and grinned to myself as I thought about him. He'd be shocked if I showed up in the outfit. He thought he was making me uncomfortable by calling my bluff, but I'd show him. I'd show up in the sexiest nurse's outfit I could find and have him so turned on, he wouldn't even be able to work. Then I thought about all the other people in office. If they saw me in a nurse's outfit, I'd be out on my ear. There was no way I'd get a promotion then.

I exited the elevator feeling peeved. Then it hit me. I'd take a nurse's outfit with me to New York and show up in his room on the last night and tease him with it. I grinned again. He wouldn't know what to do or say then. I'd have the upper hand. I'd show him that his silly little comments weren't getting the better of me. I'd turn the tables on him. I pulled my phone out and quickly called Lisa.

"Hey, what's up?" She asked me sounding surprisingly happy for a work day.

"Why are you answering the phone?" I asked suspiciously. "I thought you couldn't take calls while you were on the floor?"

"Why are you calling me if you thought I couldn't answer?"

"I was going to leave you a voicemail." I said and then continued. "You are at work right."

Silence filled the other side of the phone.

"Lisa?" I said her name accusingly.

"I took a sick day." She responded finally. "It's not a crime."

"You don't sound sick."

"I'm not sick." She giggled. "Only dumb people use sick days when they're actually sick. I just needed the day off. My boss is riding my ass and I needed some free time."

"Lisa!" I sighed. "You can't just call in sick when you're not sick. What happens when you really get sick and then you have no time off left to take?"

"Don't know and don't care." She said in a blase tone. "Anyways, what do you want? I'm watching Maury and I have a feeling this guy is not the baby daddy and shit is going to go down."

"Really Lisa?" I sighed. "You took the day off to watch Maury?"

"No, not just to watch Maury. I'm going to do my nails and I'm meeting J-Lo for lunch."

"What?" I shrieked. "How are you meeting J-Lo for lunch?"

"Oops, I meant J-Ho." She giggled. "You remember Jennifer right, my friend that works at Macy's and hooks me up with discounts."

"Yeah." I was starting to get annoyed. "Anyway, I need you to do me a favor."

"What?"

"I need you to pick me up a sexy nurse's outfit at Hot Topic."

"Sexy nurse-what?" She shrieked. "Hold on a second."

"Fine." I walked into the coffee shop and ordered two lattes. I waited for Lisa to come back to the phone impatiently. "Lisa." I whispered loudly into the phone, feeling annoyed to be kept waiting.

"Sorry, sorry." She came back to the phone a minute later. "He wasn't the daddy, but guess what?"

"Lisa, I do not have time-"

"His uncle was the daddy." She shrieked. "But guess what? He was sleeping with the uncle's wife, so the uncle's child was really his. Can you believe that?"

"What are you talking about, Lisa?"

"So the main guy, I think his name was Jim, or maybe it was Bob, let's just call him redneck number one."

"That's so offensive to rednecks." I sighed.

"Are you a redneck? Do you care?"

"Lisa," I started again. "I'm about to go back into the-"

"So redneck number one was dating trashy girl number one. Trashy girl number one had a baby, but redneck number one didn't think it looked like him. So he went on Maury. Turns out trashy had an affair with redneck number two, who is redneck number one's uncle. And redneck number two is married to trashy girl number two and she had an affair with redneck number one in the back of the trailer while trashy girl number one was sleeping."

"Lisa." I groaned.

"Get it now?"

"Lisa, I do not care about rednecks or trashy girls or trailers. Just go and get me my outfit, okay? I need to dress up like a slutty nurse tomorrow." I shouted into the phone and heard the lady next to me gasp as she listened to my words. I groaned and walked back into the office. No wonder I hadn't gotten the job. I was a crazy person surrounded by crazy people. As I rode back up to the office with the coffees, I wondered if wearing the nurse's outfit was a good idea after all. Maybe I was playing into his hands. Maybe that was exactly what Leo wanted.

"Don't worry, Hannah." She giggled. "I'll get you the sluttiest outfit I can find. Are you going to tell me why?"

"Not now. Bye." I sang into the phone and hung up quickly. I didn't want to talk to Lisa and have her filling my head with even crazier situations. Lisa loved drama and she loved crazy. She'd have me convinced that some stupid idea was great and I'd be in way over my head. And I didn't need that at all. I was practically in over my head as it was already.

***

"You look happy." Leo looked at me from his computer as I entered his office with the coffee. "Why do you look so happy? What did you do?"

"Nothing." I put the coffee down on the desk. "Trust me."

"Hmm, I don't know. When a beautiful girl tells me to trust her, I tend to think something else is going on."

"A beautiful girl?" I repeated feeling ridiculously happy and annoyed at the same time.

"Do you prefer the term gorgeous?" He picked up the coffee tentatively. "I'm not going to die of cyanide poisoning if I sip this am I?"

"Who's to know?" I responded tartly, with my hand on my hip.

"I wouldn't put it past you, Pussy Galore."

"What?" My jaw dropped.

"Haven't you seen James Bond?" He laughed and took a sip. "Well, it's warm at least."

"I should have spiked it." I hissed as I turned around and marched out of the office. Pussy Galore indeed. Who did he think I was? I sat down at my desk with my face burning and quickly typed into google to see if he was telling the truth. There was indeed a character from James Bond called Pussy Galore. I had no idea how it had made it through the censors.

"Hannah." Leo buzzed me on the intercom.

"Yes, Leo." I sighed as I answered.

"Thanks for the coffee." He said smugly. "It doesn't taste like I've been poisoned."

"Yay, I fooled you then." I said lightly and he laughed, a deep husky sound.

"Yes, you did. By the way, you can leave early today. We've got a busy next couple of days and I'm sure there might be some things you need to do."

"Oh wow, thanks." I said feeling shocked. "I can stay on and help get everything prepared."

"It's okay, you've been great. I've got it from here." He said seriously. "I need to go and talk to my dad about strategy in thirty minutes and so I won't really need much from you for the rest of the day."

"Fine, I guess I'm just the assistant." I mumbled, feeling deflated. That told me all I needed to know. Why didn't he invite me to that meeting? Didn't he think I had ideas? Didn't he think I was good enough to go to the meeting?

"Have a great evening."

"Yeah, you too." I sighed and clicked the phone off. I switched my computer off and jumped up. I was going to just leave now. What was the point of staying and doing work? I was just the lowly assistant, my job didn't matter. I might as well just go home and watch some Maury with Lisa. I was about to walk out of the building when I realized I'd left my handbag in the office. I turned around and went back into the elevator and walked back into my office. Leo's door was open and I could see him on the phone talking to someone. His back was to me and I could see him running his hands through his hair as he talked.

"Yeah, tomorrow." He sighed. "Yeah, totally different from being a bouncer." He laughed. "Anyways, forget about my stress, how is Lucky? Tell her I bought some presents for David and Ruby Lane." He stepped back and I quickly moved out of site. Who was he talking to? "Zane, I'm not sure I'm ever going to believe that you're a married man with kids." He chuckled. "Who knew you'd be so whipped? Me?" He burst out laughing. "Never. There will never be a woman that can trap me into marriage. Don't want it. And don't need it. Whatever, bro. You wish. I better go. Dad wants me to go up to his office so he can remind me how important this account is. And how the board of directors will not look at me fondly if I screw up." He sighed. "I don't know why my assistant Hannah was fighting so hard to be in this position. All it carries is stress. Yes, she's cute and I have no idea if she's single. Yes, she's doable." He laughed and I heard him sitting down in his chair as my face reddened. "She's a 9. Her personality is a bit off, otherwise she'd be a 10. No, you're not going to meet her." He laughed. "I'm going. Tell Lucky, I said yes to the picnic when I get back from New York. I'll talk to you later, bro." And with that he hung up. I grabbed my handbag and quickly moved out of the office again. So he thought I was a 9, asides from my personality? I wanted to laugh. I wasn't sure if I should be offended or not. I had a smile on my face when I left the building this time. I'd show Leo Maxwell just what he was missing. I'd have him salivating over my every step by the time I was done with him.

Chapter Five

Leo

"First time on a plane?" I looked at Hannah as she nervously played with her seatbelt.

"Nope." She snapped at me while she tried to lock it.

"I can help you know. I've a knack at getting seatbelts done up."

"I'm not a kid. I don't need your help." She shook her head and I finally heard the click. "I've been on this earth for 24 years and I've survived quite well without your help."

"I was just offering." I shrugged and sat back and studied her appearance. Hannah looked different in her casual clothes. For some reason she seemed even more sexy in her jeans than she did in her skirts at work. They seemed to cling to her body and accentuated her long legs well. She wore a loose fitting white blouse with the jeans and I could see the silhouette of her bra underneath. Her hair was up in a ponytail and she was wearing minimal makeup. She looked fresh-faced and beautiful and I couldn't stop myself from looking at her.

"Is there a problem?" She frowned at me as I continued to survey her body.

"No." I shook my head. "Are you ready for the meeting tomorrow?"

"I don't really have anything to get ready." She shook her head. "You're the boss. You're the one that will be running the meeting. I'll just be taking notes."

"You're a vital part of the team, Hannah."

"Uh huh." She pulled out some earphones from her bag. "Excuse me, I'm going to listen to some music." I watched as she played around with her small music player and turned on some music.

I looked in front of me for a few seconds starting to feel frustrated. As much as I enjoyed the tension between us, I was starting to get annoyed at her reactions to me. Yes, I had taken her job, but how long was she going to treat me like a criminal? I wasn't used to women being so distant towards me. It wasn't as if I wanted her to fall in love with me, but a little softening towards me wouldn't go amiss. I sighed and pulled out some folders I'd brought along with me to review before we hit New York. I couldn't believe my dad had sent me on this trip alone. This was a big account. In fact, purchasing Martin Corp was an investment we really needed to go smoothly. I didn't really understand why I'd been given the account and so quickly after I'd started working there again, but I didn't question it. As much as I didn't want to work in the corporate world, I was still excited by this trip. Partly because it was going to be all about the power play and partly because I wanted to be with Hannah outside of the office.

***

"Okay, so tonight we'll go over the files one last time in my room. Then we'll have dinner and then we can both go back to our own rooms. That sound okay?" I looked at Hannah in the back of the cab as we drove through Queens on the way to Manhattan from LaGuardia airport.

"Sure." Hannah mumbled, her eyes never leaving the window.

"Have you never been to New York before?"

"No." She shook her head and looked at me for a second before looking back outside the window. "I've always wanted to come, but I've never been before."

"Oh, that's a shame." I saw her expression change as the Manhattan skyline came into view from the road we were on.

"Wow." She gasped excitedly.

"I know." I looked out the window myself and stared at the skyscrapers. There was no place like New York City. "It's breathtaking."

"I mean, I've seen it on TV, but I never expected it to look so majestic, so powerful and dominating." She gasped.

"Yeah." I nodded. "It's one of those cities that makes you think, wow." I was silent for a while as we drove along. It was interesting to see how affected Hannah was by the city. She'd lost her cold and distant girl persona and taken on a more excited and open side. This was a side of her I hadn't seen before. A side that made me like her more than I wanted to admit.

"What about this?" I said without thinking. "What about we stay an extra day to sightsee if the meetings go well."

"But we already have our tickets back." She said slowly, letting me know she wasn't totally against the idea.

"I'll worry about the tickets." I grinned. "There are some perks to being the boss's son. Just as there are some detriments."

"I bet." She laughed and I laughed with her.

"I think we're nearly at the hotel." I smiled at her as we made our way through the busy streets slowly. "We're staying in Midtown West, I hope that's okay with you."

"I don't even know what Midtown West means." She laughed, her eyes bright with excitement. "I'm fine where ever we stay." She paused and looked at me. "As long as I have my own room."

"You mean you don't want to have some fun tonight?" I asked her softly, enjoying the red hue of embarrassment on her face.

"Yes, that's exactly what I mean." She blushed and shifted in her seat.

"That's a pity. I was quite looking forward to our first night together."

"There is no first night together." She rolled her eyes. "Don't even try to come to my room after the meeting."

"Don't worry, Hannah. I only sleep with girls that want me. The sex is much more enjoyable that way. I prefer a woman to give as good as she gets, not to lie there like a fish."

"I don't lie there like a fish." She snapped at me, her eyes flashing at me.

"That's true." I nodded. "I didn't think you would. I think you'd be the sort to take charge, right? I think you're the sort of girl that likes to be on top. You look like the sort of girl that likes to ride."

"I do like horses yes." She replied quickly and then paused. "You're disgusting by the way."

"What?" I laughed and held my hands up. "If you want to pretend I'm your horse tonight, I'm not going to say no."

"Pig." She shook her head and turned away from me.

"I'll trot or gallop, whichever one you like."

"Leo." She said my name sexily as she told me off.

"And you don't have to ride bareback. I brought a saddle. Plenty of them in fact."

"Leo." Her voice rose even higher and I laughed even louder. I knew I was being inappropriate, but I just loved teasing with her. Not that I was teasing her completely. I was serious. I had about five condoms in my wallet and I was definitely willing to use them if she wanted to. I knew she was attracted to me, it was in the way her eyes sometimes studied my body and face. It was obvious in the way her fingers trembled when I handed her something and the way her body reacted when I brushed next to her. Hannah's body was as eager to know mine as I was to know hers. The only problem I had was the fact that she might try and use it against me or she might expect more. I'd known other women that had tried to tie me down after a couple of nights of sex. I thought about the last couple of girls I'd slept with. One had brought a suitcase to my house and had never wanted to leave. One had called me nonstop five times a day for three months. One had showed up at the club I worked at in a trench coat and nothing underneath. So yeah, maybe it was my fault she'd gotten even more crazy after I'd let her give me a blowjob in the alleyway at the side of the club. It wasn't that I didn't like the girls, it was just that I didn't want a relationship. I'd had one girlfriend in college and I'd found out she'd only been dating me because my dad was rich. I'd never been able to trust women after that. Not that I'd been super heartbroken, but it had worked out for both Zane and I to be players. We'd had more fun that way. I smiled as I remembered my last trip to New York. Zane and I had met two German girls at a nightclub and spent the weekend with them teaching us just how free and liberated European women were. That had been a great weekend. Part of me wanted to call Zane and ask him if he remembered how much fun we'd had, but I had a feeling Lucky wouldn't be too happy if she found out what I was calling about. That was the problem with getting married, you just couldn't be yourself anymore. You couldn't talk about and reminisce about the good old days.

"I think we're here, Leo." Hannah touched my arm gently. "Are you okay?" Her voice expressed concern as I came out of my thoughts.

"Yes, sorry about that."

"It's okay." She nodded. "You've a lot to think about. This is a big weekend for you."

"Yes, it is." I slid out of the backseat and handed the cab driver some twenties. I have to admit I felt slightly guilty that Hannah thought I'd been thinking about the meeting, when I'd really been daydreaming about how Heidi, the German girl I'd met had taught me the true meaning of a red light special.

"You shouldn't stress out." She continued. "You've prepared as best as you can. Whatever happens, happens. We'll go into our meeting and you'll try your best and the chips will fall where they fall." She continued and I looked at her earnest face in surprise. I was shocked by her little pep talk. Not because I didn't appreciate it, but because I hadn't expected it. I would have thought she'd want me to fail to show that I was a bad fit for the position. I never would have believed that she'd be supporting me.

"Thank you, Hannah." I knew my voice expressed my surprise.

"There's no need to be shocked you know." She grinned. "I'm not a cold bitch."

"I guess I know that now." I said touched by her words. "Shall we get our rooms?"

"Yes please." She nodded. "I need to change out of these jeans."

"Need any help?"

"You wish."

"I do." I laughed as we walked into the hotel lobby. The hotel was grand and ornate, with gold trimming around the ceilings. The lobby was grand and we walked across the marble floor slowing towards the front desk.

"Nice." Hannah looked around with wide eyes. "This lobby is most probably ten times the size of my apartment." She laughed. "And a hundred times nicer."

"I'm sure your place is nice."

"It's okay." She laughed. "If you like items that came from Ikea and Target."

"I love Ikea and Target." I grinned at her, a part of me hoping for an invite.

"Uh huh." She responded and I felt slightly disappointed inside.

"Hi, I'm here to check in. Two rooms under Leo Maxwell." I asked the front desk clerk as I pulled out my American express card.

"Is that black?" Hannah gave me a small smile as I handed my card to the clerk.

"Yes, why?" I frowned at her.

"No reason." She giggled, shook her head and took out her phone. "I just have a friend that would be excited to know that you have a black Amex."

"Okay." I turned away from her slightly confused. What did her friend care if I had a black Amex? Girls were so weird.

"Here you go sir, we have you here for two nights. I've got you in adjoining rooms as requested, is that right?"

"Yes, that's great. Thanks." I nodded and took the keys. "What time is check out?"

"11am, sir."

"And if I wanted to book the rooms for another night, when would I have to let you know?"

"The morning of, Sir."

"Okay, thanks." I handed a key to Hannah.

"Any other questions, Mr. Maxwell? The concierge can help you get tickets to any show on Broadway and off-Broadway. If you need any recommendations for food, there are several good places within walking distance."

"Thanks. We're here on business so that won't be necessary."

"Feel free to call down with any questions."

"Thanks. Ready Hannah?"

"Yes, boss." She barked at me. "Do I gather from your comments that I won't be eating dinner tonight?"

"No." I said slowly. "You gather that you won't be eating dinner in a restaurant and going to watch Phantom of the Opera afterwards. We'll order room service and work while we eat."

"Yippee." She rolled her eyes and I grabbed her bag. "What are you doing?" She grabbed my arm and stopped me. "I can take that up myself."

"I know you can, but I thought I'd be nice."

"You don't need to be nice to me." Her warm fingers gripped my arm. "You're my boss."

"So bosses can't be nice?"

"I want to carry my own bag." She stood there stiffly and I sighed.

"Fine." I shrugged and let go of it. "Let's go." I walked ahead of her and I could hear her doubling up her pace to keep up with my quick strides.

"There's no need to walk so fast." She huffed as we reached the elevator. "This isn't the Olympics."

"Oh, it's not?" I said sarcastically.

"No need to take out your stress on me."

"My stress?" I raised an eyebrow at her, but realized she was right. I was starting to feel anxious inside. This was the biggest moment in my career so far and I'd only just started the job.

"What time do you want me to come to your room to start going over the paperwork?" She asked softly. "I need to have a quick shower and change first."

"What about in two hours? I guess we can both freshen up and I'll order some food."

"Okay." She nodded.

"Anything you'd like in particular?"

"Surprise me." She smiled and then paused. "And don't forget desert."

"You eat dessert?" I looked at her in surprise. I didn't know many women in Los Angeles- asides from Lucky- that ate desert.

"Of course I eat dessert." She laughed. "I'm not a wannabe actress or model. I don't need to watch my figure."

"No, you sure don't." I surveyed her curves and licked my lips.

"Leo, that's so inappropriate." She shifted and gazed at me.

"What is?" I replied innocently and licked my lips again. "I'm thinking about dinner and dessert. I got hungry and so I licked my lips. What's wrong with that?"

"Nothing." She shook her head at me as we exited the elevator. "Nothing at all." We walked down the corridor in silence and reached her room first. I waited for her to walk into the room and then continued onto my room. "I can't help it if I'm hoping you're the desert." I whispered to myself as I opened my door and chuckled.

***

"Hey," I opened the door to let in a freshly showered Hannah. "You look refreshed." I stared at her still wet hair and makeup free face. She was wearing a baggy grey t-shirt and a pair of black sweats.

"Sorry, I had a quick nap and didn't have time to dry my hair." She shook her head and sprinkles of water fell onto my skin.

"No worries." I stepped back into the room and guided her to the desk and two chairs. "I'm glad you were able to take a nap, it might be a late night."

"I figured." She nodded and sat down. "What do you want to do first?"

"Let's go over the financials from this year." I opened a file and handed her some paperwork. "I want to make sure that we're able to articulate why this is the best offer for them in the current market."

"Yeah." She nodded. "Hopefully they can see that and don't try to play hardball."

"It looks like Rob Martin has a gambling problem." I sighed. "I'm not sure he's going to be levelheaded. If he's losing millions in Vegas, I've a feeling he's willing to gamble with billions." I shook my head. "He's going to hope for a higher offer."

"And that's off the table right?"

"Yeah, that's off the table." I sighed. "Though I think I can convince him the money's good because it is. The problem I foresee is agreeing for him to leave the company."

"It's his family's company, he's not going to want to leave."

"Yeah, but we don't want to buy a company with a CEO that has a penchant for using company funds to take trips to Vegas and Dubai."

"Yeah." She bit her lower lip. "We have to make the offer so attractive that he thinks leaving is his idea."

"Exactly." I nodded. "But he has no family so we can't tell him that spending more time with them is the answer."

"Yeah, he seems like a ladies man." Hannah agreed. "I guess much like most men who inherit companies from their fathers."

"Are you talking about me?" I stood up and grinned down at her as someone knocked on the door.

"Well, you're a ladies man, aren't you?" She called out softly as I opened the door.

"You can bring the food inside." I nodded at the room service guy. "Come Hannah, the food is here."

"I'm coming." She stood up and walked over to the tray. "What did you get?"

"Sushi, steak, salad, soup." I laughed. "I couldn't decide so I got a couple of different dishes."

"Well they all smell amazing." She sniffed and smiled. "I'm so hungry."

"Mr. Maxwell, would you like me to pour the wine for you?"

"That would be great, thanks." I nodded and I could feel Hannah's eyes on me as I turned to face her. "I thought some red wine could help us relax. Is that okay?"

"Sure." She nodded slowly as she chewed on a piece of bread. "One glass won't hurt."

"Exactly." Though I was planning on drinking a lot more than one glass. "Here you go, thanks." I signed the receipt and handed the guy another twenty as he left the room. "Let's eat and then we can go back to working."

"I thought you wanted to work and eat at the same time?"

"I think we can relax for a few minutes before that." I handed her a glass. "We've prepared pretty well for tomorrow."

"Yeah, I won't say no to that." She took the glass of wine and drank it slowly, her face already looking more relaxed. "So how are we going to split this food?"

"Take what you want and I'll eat the rest." I laughed as I watched her pulling some fries off of the plate. "And if you need more food, we'll order it."

"I think this will be fine." She laughed. "I mean, I'm hungry, but not that hungry."

"Not hungry enough to eat a horse?" I raised an eyebrow at her and watched as she blushed at my innuendo. I knew that I was playing with fire, but I didn't care.

"I'd never be hungry enough to eat a horse."

"Never?" I stilled and looked at her face. Was she seriously saying what I thought she was saying?

"I only eat stallions." She stared me in the eyes unblinking. I felt a flip of excitement in my stomach at her words. If only she knew just how much of a stallion I really was.

"I'm glad to hear you have standards." I grabbed a bowl of soup. "I'd hate to hear you were open to eat any old pony and donkey."

"I wouldn't even think twice about a pony or a donkey. I have very high standards." She drank some more of her wine and grabbed some sushi.

"Glad to hear it." I grinned and sat down on the edge of the bed. "I like my riders to be selective."

"I like my horses to be selective." She put a whole piece of sushi in her mouth and chewed slowly. "This is so delicious." She moaned as she swallowed. "Normally I only get Philadelphia Rolls, but that was scrumptious."

"It's a Spider Roll."

"Well, I guess I have a new roll to order when I next get sushi."

"See how I'm already opening your world up." I grinned and she rolled her eyes at me again. "I wouldn't keep doing that. They might stay that way."

"I'll take my chances." She grabbed another piece of sushi, drank some more wine and then yawned. "I don't know if this was such a good idea. I'm feeling tired again."

"You've got a couple of hours in you yet, I'm sure."

"To do what?" She leaned back and her t-shirt pressed against her chest, molding itself to her br**sts.

"What would you like to do?" I stood up and put my soup bowl on the table and then turned towards her. "I hope you don't mind me changing. I was going through the papers up until now."

"That's fine." She nodded and I saw her looking away from me as I started to undo my tie. "I was wondering why you were still dressed up."

"Yes, now it's time for me to get comfortable."

"How much more comfortable do you need to get?"

"Hmm, let me think." I undid my shirt and then pulled it off, throwing it onto the bed. I saw her staring at my chest and smiled to myself as I flexed my muscles casually. I undid my pants and I saw her face going red.

"What are you doing?" She called out, shocked.

"I'm changing. I just told you that."

"You can't change here, in front of me." She gasped. "That's craziness. I thought you would go into the bathroom."

"Why?" I frowned and pulled my pants down and kicked off my shoes before pulling the pants off completely.

"Because I didn't expect you to be standing in front of me almost naked." Her voice was soft as she stared at me, standing there in my briefs.

"But the fact is I'm not naked." I grinned and put my hands on the top of my briefs. "Unless you'd like me to be."

"Leo Maxwell, stop playing games with me." She jumped up and walked towards the door. "I'm going to go to my room now."

"What? Why?" I frowned and stared at her. This was not how I'd foreseen the night going down.

"You're obviously ready for tomorrow." She took one last sip of wine and placed the glass on the floor. "I'm not going to spend the rest of the night in the room with you while you try and scandalize me with your body and comments."

"What comments?" I said innocently as I walked towards her.

"Your horse comments." She blushed as her eyes fell to my briefs.

"As you can see I'm very much a stallion." I grinned as I nodded down. I was feeling slightly hard and I know my package was showing her everything I had to offer.

"Good night, Leo." She quickly opened the door. "I'll see you in the morning." She said hurriedly as she left the room.

"I'll see you in twenty minutes in my mind." I laughed behind her.

Chapter Six

Hannah

I sank into my bed and stretched out in the luxurious sheets. I wished I had a bed like this at home. This bed wouldn't even fit into my room. I buried my face in the pillow and breathed in the smell of downy. An image of an almost naked Leo springs to my mind and I groaned and rolled over. Why did he have to be so sexy? I thought I was going to faint when he'd reached down to take his briefs off. A part of me had been disappointed that he hadn't. I was curious to see what he was working with. Though, I could believe he was a stallion. I bit down on my lip as I imagined making out with him.

"Hannah! Stop it." I groaned as I fantasized about him kissing me. "You're not fifteen." I lectured myself as I thought about his chiseled chest. He had a six-pack that looked like it had been sculpted by Michelangelo himself.

Beep Beep. I frowned as I reached for my phone. Who was texting me?

"What you doing?" It was Leo.

"I'm going to bed." I typed back immediately.

"Oh wow. Enjoy yourself."

"What does that mean?"

"Enjoy yourself in bed with thoughts of me."

"What are you talking about?" I bit down on my lower lip as I got under the sheets.

"You know. :)"

"No, I don't."

"I think you do."

"Whatever. Good night, Leo." I shook my head and turned the TV on. Beep Beep. Another message came through and I reluctantly reached for my phone to check it. It was a photo of something white.

"What's this?" I typed confused.

"The stallion. :)"

I gasped and looked at the photo again. He'd taken a photo of the front of his boxer shorts. Pervert.

"You're a pervert. You shouldn't be sexting me."

"This is not sexting. I'll show you what sexting is." He typed back immediately and sent another photo. I closed my eyes as I waited for the image to download. I left out a sigh of relief as I saw it was just a photo of his naked chest. "Your turn now."

"You wish." I shook my head at the phone.

"I do. Bra or panties is fine."

"You're so inappropriate."

"You're the one that told me you only eat stallions."

"That's because you made the comment about horses."

"That's because you told me you enjoy riding."

"I never said that. You brought up riding."

"So you prefer being on the bottom?"

"I never said that."

"What position do you prefer?"

"I'm not talking about this with you!"

"Sex helps to relieve stress."

"Then you better go and find someone then. This is New York, I'm sure there are prostitutes in the bar downstairs."

"I'm hurt that you think I need a prostitute to get laid. :(."

"Whatever."

"Want to cuddle?"

"No."

"Make out?"

"No."

"Spoon?"

"No?"

"Want me to have a mutually delicious snack??"

"NO."

"Darn."

"Good night, Leo."

"I don't want to go to sleep yet."

"I didn't give you my number for you to try and get me into bed via text." I sent the text and waited for his response, but nothing came through. I put the phone down, a little sad that our exchange had ended already, though I knew I was playing with fire by flirting with him, even if it was just a little bit. I reached for the remote control and turned the channel. Then my phone beeped again. Only it wasn't a new text. I had a new email. I opened my email and pulled up my new email.

To: Hannah Will

From: Leonardo Maxwell

Re: Does this work better than texts?

Dear Hannah,

I received your text and decided that maybe I'd have better luck with an email. I don't want you to think I'm trying to get a booty-call. Please know that I respect you. Please know that I want nothing more than to prove to you that I am a stallion rather than a horse. And maybe we can keep each other warm tonight?

Yours Sincerely,

Leo

I read his email twice and rolled my eyes before responding.

To: Leonardo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: Emails are not better than texts!!

Leo,

Emails are not better than texts. Both can be used when requesting a booty-call. I don't care if you're a stallion or horse. Good Night.

Hannah

Your Assistant

I pressed send and waited for his response a bit more eagerly than I wanted to admit to myself.

To: Hannah Will

From: Leonardo Maxwell

Re: Emails are slightly better than texts, yes?

Hannah,

Thanks for letting me know you were my assistant. For a second there, I thought you were my boss, but then I remembered I got your job. Does it matter that I'm not requesting a booty-call? Just a mutually beneficial snuggling session.

Leo

Your Boss

I read his email and snarled at the phone. "Asshole." I hissed as I typed furiously.

To: Leonardo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: No, they will never be better

Leo,

There is nothing mutually beneficial to me from a snuggling session with you. I don't want to catch anything from you. You don't need to remind me that you stole my job. I remember every time I see my pitiful paycheck. Now, if you'll excuse me I have things to do.

Hannah

Poorly paid assistant

"Take that, Leo." I smiled to myself as I hit send.

To: Hannah Will

From: Leonardo Maxwell

Re: Stop thinking about me when you touch yourself

Hannah,

The title to the email says it all.

Your Stallion, Leo

I gasped at his response. "You wish." I hissed and sighed as I realized that it wasn't far from the realm of possibility. Maybe not tonight, but I was sure that I'd think about him the next time I masturbated. Not that I would ever let him know that.

To: Leonardo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: You are....

GROSS!!

I turned my phone off and then lay back and looked for something to watch on the TV. I was not going to engage with him in this game. I found a Sex in the City movie on HBO and lay back and watched Carrie and Big talking. Of course, I didn't have the willpower to not think about the email, so I grabbed my phone after a few minutes and turned it back on. Of course, there was an email waiting for me. I opened it eagerly.

To: Hannah Will

From: Leonardo Maxwell

Re: Taking me back to elementary school

Hannah,

I haven't been called gross since second grade. Thanks for taking me back to the good old days. I guess I'll call it a night as well.

Have sweet dreams.

Leo

A man that can only hope his dreams will come true one day.

I put the phone back down on the bed and smiled. I knew our conversations were totally inappropriate, but I rather liked it. It felt good to know he was attracted to me. It made me feel warm inside, even though it also made me feel uneasy. How long could this continue? Would I eventually succumb to him? And if I did, what next? He wasn't asking to be in a relationship with me. From everything I knew about him, he didn't do relationships. Which was fine. I didn't have to date him. I just didn't know if I could sleep with him and not want more. I'd never had sex with anyone that wasn't a boyfriend. Against my better judgment, I was starting to like Leo. He was more than just handsome. He was more than just the boss's son. He was funny and smart and he didn't take himself too seriously. He was different than I'd imagined he'd be. Though, I was still mad that he'd taken my job. It just seemed so unfair. And then a thought struck me. Wasn't there a no-dating policy at work? Maybe sleeping with him would benefit me in more ways than one. I'd get to be with him; something my body was craving. And I'd also have a chance to get him fired for abuse of power. If he was fired, I might get the position after all.

I felt uneasy at the thought of sleeping with him for nefarious reasons, but that would teach him a lesson. It's not as if he hadn't already crossed several lines. His texts and emails were just plain inappropriate. And so were his innuendos. No HR department would think it was funny that he was asking me if I wanted to give him a blowjob or ride him. The fact that I wanted to do both had nothing to do with anything. I sighed. The fact that my body was craving his touch right now wasn't helping me at all. I closed my eyes and thought about him in bed with me, pulling my panties off, spreading my legs and burying his face between them. I groaned as I writhed on the bed.

"Stop it, Hannah." I sighed as I felt myself growing wet. I couldn't lie to myself any longer. Every part of me wanted to be with Leo. There was something so dynamic about him. Something that screamed power and sex and hot and danger. I forwarded the email chain to my work email and then deleted the emails off of my phone. I'd have to think about what I wanted to do. I just couldn't let myself get sidetracked. No matter how attracted I was to him. I turned the TV off and closed my eyes. I needed to sleep off my fuzzy brain. Everything would feel better in the morning after a good nights sleep.

Chapter Seven

Leo

"Hi, I'm Rob. This is Amber, my assistant." Rob gave me a short smile that didn't quite meet his eyes, but I still shook his hand warmly.

"Hi Rob, Amber." I nodded at the cute blonde. "Nice to meet you both. I'm Leo and this is Hannah."

"I'm his assistant." Hannah said sweetly and I tried not to laugh at her tone. Things had been slightly awkward at breakfast, but I'd apologized for my texts and emails and she'd seemed to understand that I'd let the alcohol take control of me. Not that it was really the wine. I'd known exactly what I was doing. If she'd said yes, I'd have been in her room so fast, with my briefs off, that she wouldn't have known what was going on. I still felt slightly awkward that my morning yank session had been a fantasy of us in the shower. Not that she had to know that.

"It's nice to meet you, Hannah." Rob's eyes lit up as he surveyed her face and body. "Looks like we both have good taste in assistants." He gave me a look and I smiled briefly. "Let's go up to the conference room and chat for a few minutes, then we'll show you around, does that sound good?"

"Sounds good to me." I nodded and tried to avoid staring at Rob's hand on Amber's ass as they walked ahead of us. So he was definitely f**king his assistant then. I let that sink in for a second. And then realized that I was no better than him. I wanted to f**k my assistant as well. It was then that I realized how truly shady the pairing looked. If Hannah and I hooked up, we'd have to keep it secret. I couldn't have her flirting with me or touching me in the office. It would look too circumspect and that's the last thing I needed. Not that we'd be f**king long enough for it to matter, but it was better to be safe than sorry.

"Leo." Hannah poked me in the side and whispered. "Rob's asking you a question."

"Sorry, what was that?" I looked up at Rob with a small smile.

"Would you like a coffee or any snacks? Amber's going to go and get us something from the deli at the corner."

"No, I'm good thanks."

"Now you're good?" Hannah shook her head. "How come you're never good when I ask you?"

"Because it's so infrequent that you ask." I laughed as she glared at me.

"Whatever." She turned to Amber. "Want me to come and help?"

"That's be great." Amber nodded and the two women walked off, leaving Rob and I to stare after them.

"She's got an ass on her, doesn't she." Rob turned to me and licked his lips. "I'd love to smack that ass."

"Excuse me?" I frowned.

"Your assistant. She has a pert ass." He repeated. "I'd love to..."

"Don't talk about Hannah like that." I cut him off. "That's extremely inappropriate."

"I was just saying she's hot. You're lucky."

"Rob, we came to talk about Martin Corp, not about my assistant."

"If you want any sort of deal, I want a night with Hannah." He turned to me with pursed lips. "For a conversation to even be initiated, I want to spend the night with her."

"That's not going to happen." I shook my head.

"Then I suggest you go back to LA." He shrugged.

"Are you joking?"

"I know you're new to the business world son, but your dad isn't King in New York. This is how we do business here."

"How would Amber feel about you hooking up with Hannah?" I asked him, hoping to call his bluff.

"Oh Amber will be there." He grinned. "Hannah would be for the both of us." I stared at his smug smile for a couple of seconds and then slapped him across the face. I'm not going to lie, the thought of Hannah and Amber in a bed together turned me on, but the fact that Rob thought that he would be the one having the threesome disgusted me. He was a vile, vile man.

"What the f**k?" He gasped and rubbed his face.

"Don't talk about Hannah like that." I took a step towards him and narrowed my eyes. "If I hear you say anything like that again you will feel my fist against your face a lot harder next time. Also, I think it's in your best interest to listen and talk to me. You might think you're riding high in New York, but I'm here to tell you that I just purchased Herbal Distributors. And we will stop distributing your products if we don't reach some sort of deal. I think you'll find that you can't afford a lull in the manufacturing cycle while you search for a new distributor of your beauty products. We both know it's your beauty line that's keeping Martin Corp afloat right now. So what's it going to be? Do you want me to leave still or are you willing to talk?"

"You son of a bitch." He stared at me with hatred in his eyes.

"Please don't talk about my mother in that fashion." I said calmly. "And do not even look at Hannah when she gets back."

"I f**king own you punk." Rob's face grew purple with fury. "I will take your little upstart ass down."

"I think you'll find that I can buy your company several times over without even blinking." I shrugged and turned around. "I was trying to help you, but I think I'd rather do business with someone else."' I walked towards the door and grinned as I heard him calling after me.

"Wait." His voice sounded pissed, but he knew that he couldn't afford for me to walk out the door. He'd played his cards way too soon and I knew I was going to win easily. And he'd given me the perfect reason to ensure he left the company as well.

"We're back with the coffee's and bagels." Amber sashayed into the room and gave me a huge smile. "Here you go handsome." She bent over to hand me my coffee and I got a view of her bright red bra.

"Thanks." I nodded and smiled at her.

"You're very welcome." She grinned at me. "Let me know if you want anything else. I'd be happy to do my best to provide everything you need." She winked at me and then walked over to hand Rob his coffee. I watched her walking away and smiled at the view her swinging hips was giving me.

"You're a pig." Hannah whispered in my ear as she sat next to me.

"Sorry what?" I glanced at the irritated look on her face. "What did I do now?"

"I saw you staring at her ass."

"Who's ass?" I took another sip of coffee, and smiled inwardly at the jealousy I heard in Hannah's voice.

"You know who," Hannah was annoyed. "She's sleeping with Rob you know. She's a prostitute, not even a real assistant."

"She's a prostitute?" My jaw dropped. That I hadn't seen coming.

"Well, an escort." Hannah mumbled. "He got her from some agency."

"An escort agency or a temp agency?" I frowned. I knew that even Rob wouldn't be so brazen as to bring a prostitute to work as his assistant.

"Who knows?" Hannah turned away. "She's a slut."

"Because she's sleeping with him?"

"Because she's sleeping with her boss so she can keep her job and get perks." She muttered.

"So if you slept with me, would you consider yourself a slut?"

"I would never sleep with you, but no I wouldn't be a slut."

"Why not?"

"Because I'd be sleeping with you because I was attracted to you, not because I wanted you to give me money."

"So you're attracted to me?" I grinned.

"I didn't say that." She turned away from me and I laughed.

"Hey, stay away from Rob." I whispered in her ear. "He's a bit of a creep and I don't want any trouble, okay?"

"What do you mean he's a bit of a creep?" She frowned. "Or is that a way for me to not know too much about the deal?"

"What are you talking about Hannah?" I sighed, suddenly feeling annoyed again.

"I'm just your assistant and you want to make sure that everyone knows that you're the only one with any knowledge or power. Now you want me to stay away from Rob, so I don't have much access to the deal." She jumped up and shook her head. "I don't believe you. You're such an ass**le." She walked away from me and over to Rob and I sighed. Why did women have to be so difficult? I didn't understand it! I knew that if I had told her the real reason why I didn't want her around him, she wouldn't have believed me. I sighed as I watched her talking to him. I bet she had no idea that he was staring at her chest as he was talking back to her and not at her face. I was about to go over and join them when Amber came back over to me.

"So how are you liking the city?"

"It's great." I nodded and smiled into her big blue eyes. "Have you lived here long?"

"Who me?" She giggled. "I'm just a normal girl from the Midwest who came to the city after college to follow my dreams."

"Oh?"

"I wanted to be an actress." She tossed her blonde hair over her shoulders. "I was the star of all my high school plays. Everyone told me I'd make it. So I came here. Got some plastic surgery and went to audition after audition, but only scored a few roles."

"Oh, so would I know any of them?"

"I doubt it." She giggled and stuck her chest out.

"Why didn't you go to Los Angeles if you wanted to be an actress?" I tried to see if Hannah was doing okay, but Amber blocked my view.

"I thought I'd do better in New York." She pouted and pressed her br**sts into my arm. "Though, I'd love to go to Los Angeles one day. That's where you're from right?"

"Yeah." I nodded.

"I have a friend out there. We starred in a, uh, movie together."

"What movie?"

"I don't want to tell you." She blushed and looked down. However, I could tell she wasn't really embarrassed. I also knew why she'd never made it. She was a terrible actress.

"Oh okay." I shrugged, not really caring.

"Okay, I'll tell you." Her hand rested on my thigh and she moved it up, terribly close to my groin. I shifted away from her uncomfortably. "It was called Wild Nights With The Buttman".

"Sorry what?" I frowned. Had I heard her correctly?

"Wild Nights With The Buttman." She said again. "It wasn't a p**n . It was an art-house movie. Yes, there was real sex, but we used condoms and it was in the name of art."

"Uh okay, what was the movie about?"

"It was basically an introspection of this man's life."

"I'm assuming that man was the Buttman?" I tried not to laugh as she was talking about it so seriously.

"Yes!" She nodded. "It basically followed this very complicated character on his journey through life."

"And let me guess, it focused on how much he liked, uh, butts?"

"Yes," She grinned. "I guess you know these art-house movies."

"Uh yeah." I nodded. "So what was your role?"

"I was the girl in apartment eight," Her eyes were wide. "He had a crush on me and finally we get together. It was a very intense role about what I meant to him."

"Did you have many lines?"

"No." She shook her head. "Just one. The director wanted to focus on the visuals of the scene more."

"I see. So what was the line? Do you remember it?"

"It was f**k me harder." She whispered into my ear and I could see a smile on her face. "I had to scream 'fuck me harder' as we had doggy style sex outside my front door."

"Outside your front door?" I asked, trying not to laugh.

"Yes." She paused. "I did it for the movie. I don't normally sleep around. The director wanted to show how deeply Buttman loved butts that he had to have doggy style everywhere."

"I see." I nodded and tried not to roll my eyes. I wondered how many other women had fallen for this directors' bullshit.

"So anyways, maybe tonight I can show you around the City?"

"Hmm, maybe." I jumped up then as I saw Rob placing his hand on Hannah's shoulder. "Excuse me." I walked over to the other side of the room quickly and placed my hand on Hannah's back. "Everything okay over here?"

"Of course." Rob looked annoyed that he'd been interrupted but I could see thanks in Hannah's eyes.

"Let's get on with business then." My voice was deep and no-nonsense. I was already ready to get out of there.

"I think Amber wants to show you something first." Rob shook his head. "And I'd like to take Hannah to the top..." He licked his lips and looked down at Hannah's br**sts against and that's when something in me snapped.

"I think not." I grabbed Hannah's hand and stared at Rob for a second. "We're out of here, there will be no deal."

"What?" He shrieked, looking panicked. "What are you talking about? You need this deal."

"No, you need this deal." I could feel anger surging through my bones as I walked towards the door, with Hannah by my side.

"I know you need this deal." He shouted. "Your father will be pissed when he finds out you couldn't make it work."

"I'll deal with him." I shrugged. "I'm not going to let you talk to my assistant like that and I'm not going to let your assistant try and seduce me either. That's not how I work. This is over." I walked out of the door and slammed it shut after Hannah exited.

"What are you doing?" Her eyes were wide with shock. "Everyone is waiting on you to close this deal. You can't just leave."

"I can and I am. Let's go." I grabbed her hand again and we walked down the stairs together in silence and exited the building. "I tried to tell you to stay away from him." I sighed as we walked down the busy streets. "I tried to tell you he was to be avoided, but no, you didn't want to listen." I sighed as I thought about the conversation I was going to have to have with my dad. He was going to be pissed.

"I'm sorry." She squeezed my hand. "I should have listened to you."

"Yes, you should have."

"I didn't know what you were talking about."

"He wanted to have a threesome with you and Debbie Does Dallas."

"What?" She frowned in confusion.

"Amber is a p**n star."

"What?" She screeched. "I told you she was a ho."

"Yeah, well, you nearly became one as well." I gave her a stern look. "If I hadn't come and saved you, who knows what would have happened?"

"Thank you." She said reluctantly. "I didn't realize they were so creepy."

"It's fine." I nodded. "I don't think either one of us expected for the day to go like this."

"So what do we do now?" She looked at me apprehensively. I knew she comprehended how big a deal it was that I'd walked out of the meeting.

"Well we spend the rest of the day and tomorrow in New York and then we go back to LA so I can face the music."

"I'm sorry. You didn't have to walk out because of me."

"No, I wouldn't want to do business with a man like that." I looked her in the eyes. "I know I flirt with you and I know I'm not always appropriate, but I would never want you to feel uncomfortable. I hope you understand that. I hope you know your job isn't predicated on sleeping with me."

"I know that." She smiled weakly. "I like our flirtations." She admitted and blushed.

"Oh yeah?" I grinned at her. "Really?"

"Yeah." She nodded. "I liked the texts and the emails and I don't think my job is related to them in any way."

"Good." I grinned at her. "I'm glad to hear that."

"Don't let it go to your head though."

"Of course not." I paused. "Wait, which head do you mean?"

"Leo?" She groaned and I laughed loudly, suddenly feeling lighter.

"Come on, let's go back to the hotel to change and then we can figure out what we want to do next. Okay?"

She looked at me with bright brown eyes and nodded slightly, a devious smile on her face. "Okay." She answered slowly and I wondered what she had planned in that pretty little head of hers.

Chapter Eight

Hannah

"Red or pink?" I held up the lipsticks in my hands and stared at my reflection in the mirror as I waited for Lisa to respond.

"Depends on the look you want to go for?" She spoke into the phone in a mumbled tone.

"Are you eating?"

"Yeah. I got a pizza from Lucca's."

"Lisa, you're meant to be saving money."

"Dude, you can't save money, when Lucca's has such hot delivery men. Antonio came tonight."

"Antonio?"

"You know the one: tall, bulky, black hair, blue eyes, fake Italian accent."

"Oh Fakio." I laughed.

"Yeah, Fakio." She laughed back. "But tonight, I let him go by Antonio." She sighed. "He's just too hot."

"Lisa, you're man crazy."

"I can't be man crazy, if I have no man." She responded back and laughed. "Now do you want my advice or not, slutty?"

"I'm not a slut." I groaned.

"I know, but get used to being called one when people see you in that outfit."

"Why did you have to choose the sluttiest one?" I sighed and stared at the top of my br**sts. "You can see my panties when I bend over."

"So, you're a nurse."

"What does being a slut have to do with being a nurse?"

"I don't know." She giggled. "But if anyone asks just say, take up your issues with Mt. Sinai hospital."

"I'm not going to lie and say I work at Mt. Sinai."

"You don't have to say that specifically." She exclaimed. "Whatever they infer from your statement is their problem."

"Lisa, you're an idiot. No one would believe that this is an official's nurses' outfit. Don't they wear scrubs?"

"I have no idea what a nurse wears." She laughed. "I'm sure the ones that want to date doctors wear the lower cut tops."

"I doubt that very much." I rolled my eyes. "But back to my question, red or pink?"

"Go red for full on slut, pink for good-girl gone slut."

"Okay, I'll do pink then." I applied it to my lips and then brushed my hair again. I stared at my reflection again and groaned. "Do you think I'm making a mistake?"

"No." Lisa's voice rose. "I think it's brilliant. Go in there. Give him a little tease as a 'see what you're missing and a thank you for saving me today'."

"I guess. He's going to think I've gone crazy."

"He's going to wish that he could save you every day. Shit, he might sign up to that geek hero patrol club and pretend to be a superhero so he can save you every day and get you to dress up as a hot nurse every night."

"What nonsense are you talking about, Lisa?"

"Just make sure you hook me up when you get the black Amex. I want to be put on as an authorized user."

"Yeah right." I shook my head. "You know how bad you sound right?"

"I'm not asking for a condo in the Hollywood Hills or a Mercedes."

"Lisa, I'm going now."

"Tell me how it goes, okay."

"I'll call you tomorrow."

"Rock his world." She giggled.

"I'm not going to sleep with him." I chastised her. "Who do you think I am?"

"All I said is rock his world. That could mean anything."

"We both know what you were saying."

"That's your guilty conscience talking." She giggled. "It's not my fault you're attracted to your boss."

"I'm not attracted to him." I lied.

"Then why are you going to his hotel room dressed as a slutty nurse?"

"Originally, I was going to show him that I could take his jokes and step it up a level, but now I'm also going for myself as well." I admitted. "But not for sex. Just for some harmless fun."

"Yeah, I know a lot of people that wear slutty nurses outfits to have harmless fun with their bosses."

"Lisa." I sighed. "I'm not going to have sex with him."

"Hey, I don't consider oral, sex either."

"Lisa."

"I mean yeah, its called o**l s*x, but it's not really sex is it? Nothing's going inside of you." She paused. "Oops, I guess his tongue is, huh? I guess that is sex."

"Lisa! Enough!" I could feel my body growing warm. "There is going to be no sex of any kind. No oral, no anal, no regular, no nothing."

"Well, that's boring."

"No, it's not."

"I think that's a waste of a slutty outfit."

"Stop calling it slutty."

"Would you rather I call you slutty?"

"No." I stared at myself and knew I would call myself a slut if I saw myself somewhere. "I'm going now."

"Have fun with your no sex adventure."

"Have fun with trashy TV and Fakio."

"Will do. Love you. Call me tomorrow."

"Will do. Bye." I hung up and walked back into the bedroom and sat on the bed. Was I really prepared to do this? I knew that walking into Leo's room dressed as a slutty nurse would change the whole dynamic in our relationship. It would go from innocent flirting to something more explosive. There was no way that he'd think it was just a joke. Not after today. Not after he'd given up a huge deal for me. Because essentially that was what he'd done. He'd walked away from a deal to defend my honor, even though he'd tried to warn me away in the first place. I'd been touched and I'd felt ashamed of myself for automatically assuming the worst of him when he'd only been trying to protect me. I should have known that Amber was up to something when she kept asking me where in LA, Leo lived and if he knew any directors.

Beep Beep. I grabbed my phone and sat up to see the message.

"What you doing?" It was Leo.

"Just thinking and feeling bad."

"I hope it's not about today."

"Of course it is."

"Don't worry about it."

"I feel bad."

"Do you want to have a threesome with Rob and Amber?"

"Hell no."

"Then don't feel bad. :)."

"What are you doing?"

"Wondering when you're going to come by so we can go out."

"I was thinking we could just watch a movie on-demand."

"Together or separately?"

"Together."

"That's what I like to hear."

"Awesome."

"So we're planning on watching multiple movies? It's still noon."

"Oh yeah. I forgot the time."

"So are you still coming over?"

"I'll be there in a minute."

I jumped off the bed and walked to the door and stopped. Was I crazy? What was I doing? This was a rather bold move to make. A move I wasn't even sure I had fully thought through. This was the man that had stolen my job. This was the man had taken away my new car and new apartment.

"He's also the one that saved you, Hannah." I reminded myself as I thought about how he'd protected me that morning. He had basically ruined his career for me. I wasn't sure why I was fighting my attraction towards him. What did I have to lose? I opened the door and hurried through it quickly and knocked on his door.

"That was longer than a minute." He said as he opened the door with a laugh. I saw his jaw drop as he stared at me. "Hannah?" He gazed at in shock as he gazed at me with wide eyes. "Wow you look hot."

"Like my outfit?" I smiled. "It's my nurse's outfit."

"Whoa, yeah I like it." He nodded and I saw his eyes fall to my br**sts.

"I figured seeing as you asked me to wear one and you were so nice to me today..." My voice trailed off. Who was I kidding? I just wanted to turn him on.

"Wow. I also like native Hawaiian outfits." He grinned.

"That won't be happening." I laughed and then just stood there awkwardly. I had no idea what to do next.

"Do you want to check my temperature?"

"Do you have a fever?"

"I'm not sure." He made a face. "I've been feeling a bit sickly."

"Well we can't have that, can we?" I stared at him in his white t-shirt and swallowed. "Where are you feeling sick?"

"All over, nurse." He groaned. "I need someone to tend to me."

"I think I can tend to you." I walked over to him and touched his forehead with the back of my hand. "You feel warm. Maybe you should take your t-shirt off?"

"Should I take anything else off, nurse?" He grinned as he yanked his top off.

"I don't think so." I shook my head and smiled slightly as I stared at his chest. I moved my hand down to his abs and ran my fingers down his six pack.

"That feels good, nurse." He grinned.

"You don't look very sick, Sir."

"Oh, I'm so sick." He pouted his lips and leaned forward. "I heard you can tell if I have a temperature by kissing me."

"That won't be necessary." I shook my head and stepped back, suddenly feeling overwhelmed. What was I doing playing the role of a nurse to my new boss. The new boss, I still disliked, though he wasn't as bad as I'd originally thought he was.

"Nurse, are you ready to watch a movie now?" Leo walked over to the bed and sat down. I knew that he could tell that I was feeling uncomfortable.

"What are we going to watch?" I walked over to the other side of the bed and sat down.

"Whatever you want to watch." He handed me the remote and lay back on the bed. "I'm down to watch anything. Or to talk." He turned towards me.

"Talk about what?" I sat back stiffly, aware that an alarming amount of leg and breast was showing. I shifted on the bed feeling uncomfortable.

"I don't know. Ourselves? We don't really know each other." His expression turned serious. "I feel like we started off on the wrong foot and now I don't really know where we are."

"I know what you mean." I sighed and nodded in agreement.

"I mean we have this crazy sexual chemistry." He sat up and moved closer to me. "I think we can both admit that, but I know that neither one of us knows what to do about it."

"Yeah." I admitted and looked down. "It's hard."

"How did you know?" He joked and touched himself and I groaned.

"Leo, really?"

"Why do I feel like you enjoy telling me off?"

"I really don't." I smiled. "Why are you always so inappropriate?"

"I don't know." He laughed. "Maybe because I'm not from the corporate world so I just say what I want?"

"You really shouldn't be flirting with me."

"I know the girl in the nurse's outfit isn't talking to me about flirting."

"It was supposed to be a joke."

"Hmm, okay. A joke huh?" He grinned and stared at my br**sts. "You can joke with me any time."

"Maybe I chose the wrong nurse's outfit to joke in."

"No, no, I like it." He grinned. "I like it a lot."

"You would."

"Want to play Cowboys and Indians?" He asked me softly.

"Huh?" I frowned confused. "What do you mean?"

"You could be the cowboy and I'll be your horse."

"Leo, you're too much." I shook my head. "You really are."

"I'm just joking." He laughed and I stared at him for a few seconds.

"Okay."

"Okay what?" He froze and looked at me in shock.

"Okay, I'll play." I grinned. I knew I was playing with fire, but I wanted to wipe the smile off of his face. "Lie back."

"Lie back?" He repeated. "As in on my back."

"That's right." I grinned as he lay back on the bed. I scrambled over to him and straddled his lap.

"What are you doing?" He groaned as I settled on his lap. I could feel him hard beneath me and I adjusted myself in his lap so that my panties were directly over his crotch.

"I'm going for a ride." I smiled and moved back and forth on him, grinding myself into him. I could feel my panties growing wet as I rubbed back and forth on him. I put my hand up in the air and pretended I was swinging a rope like a lasso.

"I don't know if this is a good idea." He groaned and closed his eyes.

"Why not, horsey?"

"Hannah." His eyes popped open. "You win."

"I win what?" I continued moving my hips back and forth and started moving faster.

"Hannah." He grabbed my hips and stopped me, his eyes narrowed. "This isn't a game I think you want to play."

"Oh?" I licked my lips slowly. "Why not?"

"Because I don't play fair." His right hand moved up from my hip and to my right breast. I gasped as his palm cupped my breast and he pulled my top down. My right breast was exposed to him and he pinched my nipple. I sat there in shock as he played with my nipple and I could feel myself growing wetter. Shit! I was feeling so horny that I didn't know what to do. I knew that we were soon going to be at the point of no return. We were both playing a game with each other, but underlying that game was real lust. As he played with my nipple, I knew that I was close to having a small orgasm. His left hand then moved from my hip and up my skirt. I felt him squeezing my ass and I froze.

"What are you doing?" I gasped as his index finger ran in-between my legs.

"I told you I don't play fair." He smiled at me, his voice deep and hoarse. "So maybe it's time for you to decide what you want to do?"

"What do you mean?" I grabbed his right hand.

"I mean." He pulled me forward so that my breast was brushing against his face. I shifted down his body as his hands pulled my dress up. I felt him squeezing my ass as my breast pressed against his chest. My face was next to his and I stared into his big blue eyes. "I mean what do you want to do? Do you want to watch a movie? Do you want to talk? Do you want to grind on me all night? Do you want to make love?"

"Are those my only choices?" I stared at him, my heart in my throat as his fingers continued massaging my butt cheeks.

"We can do whatever you want." His lips moved closer to mine.

"What do you want to do?" I stared at his lips.

"I want to make love to you." He said slowly. "I've wanted to make love to you since the day we met."

"I see."

"We don't have to." He touched my hair. "Though, I think the sexual tension will just keep building."

"So you think we should do it now rather than later?"

"At least then, we'd have gotten it out of the way."

"Yeah." I nodded, very much wanting to make love.

"But then again, maybe it would make it even worse?" His lips were now next to mine.

"How would it make it worse?"

"Maybe it would make you want to be with me too much." He kissed me lightly.

"Excuse me?" I pulled away from him.

"Well, I don't want there to be any misunderstandings."

"I think the problem will be you wanting to be with me." I pulled the top of my dress up.

"You think so?" He grabbed my hand.

"No." I said honestly. "I don't think so."

"Wow, I wasn't expecting that answer." He rolled onto his side and looked at me. "You really just say it how it is, don't you?"

"Yeah, I do."

"So what shall we do?" He smiled at me sweetly and I just couldn't stop myself. I grabbed his head and brought it towards me. My lips found his quickly and he kissed me back with a firm control that I found exciting. His tongue slid into my mouth expertly and he grabbed me and pulled me towards him, his hands pulling my hair. I kissed him back eagerly, enjoying the taste of him. His hands slid down my back, massaging me as his fingers teased me with their exploration. I sucked on his tongue and his eyes shone into mine with lust and desire. I finally pulled back after a couple of minutes and we just lay there gasping and staring.

"I promise not to expect more from you if we make love." He whispered.

"I promise not to expect more from you if we make love as well." I whispered back. Before I could even finish what I was saying, Leo was grinning at me wildly and attempting to take my dress off.

"Can I, nurse?" He grinned as he undid my zipper.

"As long as you don't strain yourself. I don't want to have to take you to the ER."

"You can take me where ever you want to go." He growled and pulled my dress off. "Holy smokes, you're gorgeous." He stared at my naked br**sts and groaned before leaning forward and taking my right breast into his mouth. "You do things to me." He mumbled as he chewed on my nipple softly. "You don't even know what you do to me." He groaned and moved his attention to my other breast.

"I think I do." I whimpered and ran my fingers down his back and then down his chest. My fingers stopped at the top of his jeans and quickly undid his button. He pulled his jeans off and threw them onto the ground. He lifted me on top of him and rolled me over so that he was on top of me. His right leg nudged my legs open and he positioned himself in-between my legs before kissing me again. I could feel his hardness pressed up against me. I moaned as his teeth nibbled on my lower lip and he started grinding his c**k against my pu**y. I wanted to rip his briefs and my panties off and just have at it, but I didn't want to rush it either.

"I want to be inside of you." He whispered against my lips as his fingers played with my br**sts.

"Then what are you waiting for?" I licked his lips and he growled before kissing me hard again.

"Hold on." He jumped up off of the bed and grabbed his wallet. He grabbed a couple of packets of condoms and placed them on the side of the bed. He then pulled his boxers off and I stared at his hard c**k as it protruded out. "Like what you see?" He grinned and I nodded, feeling overwhelmed. He definitely was a stallion.

"Let's get your panties off now." He grunted and I felt his fingers pulling my panties down. He slipped them off of my feet and then got back on the bed to the side of me. "You've got a hot body." He stared at me for a few seconds, his eyes cloudy. "Better than I imagined."

"You imagined me naked?" I gasped.

"I've done more than imagine you naked." He grinned. "This morning I was imagining my fingers touching your pu**y, like this." He slipped his fingers in-between my legs and my body shuddered as he rubbed my clit gently. "I imagined you whimpering just like that as well." He whispered in my ear as I moaned. "And I imagined how wet you'd be when my fingers finally entered you." He pushed a finger inside of me and I groaned as he finger f**ked me slowly.

"Oh, Leo." I spread my legs wanting to feel more of him inside of me.

"Yes, I imagined that as well. Only you were screaming my name."

"Leo." I groaned. "Please."

"Yes, that's it." He grunted and pulled his fingers out. I heard him rip a condom wrapper open and before I knew it he was on top of me, with his c**k at my entrance. "This part is new though."

"What?" I groaned as I felt the tip of him enter me. "Leo, please."

"This morning I imagined you on top of me." He grabbed my hands and placed them at the sides of my body. "But this is good for now." He entered me fully and I cried out as he filled me up. His c**k felt hard and long and as he moved in and out of me, I felt my whole body shuddering. "Look at me, Hannah." He said softly as he moved slowly. I stared into his eyes and he kissed me lightly before increasing his pace.

"Leo," I screamed out as he started moving even faster. Our bodies rubbed against each other and I could feel my br**sts bouncing against his chest as he f**ked me hard.

"Hannah." He said my name in reply and he grabbed my legs and pulled them over his shoulders. His fingers fell to my clit and he rubbed me gently while his c**k slid in and out of me slowly. I was close to orgasm and I thought I was going to burst as he tormented me slowly, but surely.

"Leo." I screamed as his finger increased its pressure against my clit.

"Yes?" He grunted as he started moving faster.

"Go faster." I screamed. "Oh yes." I groaned as his right hand started playing with my nipple.

"Hannah." He yelled. "I'm going to cum if you keep moving like that." I smiled up at him and moved my hips even faster as he f**ked me. Leo responded by f**king me harder and I felt his c**k sliding in and out of me so fast, that a couple of times it fell out.

"I'm about to cum." I screamed as I felt my orgasm hitting my body. "Oh my gosh!" I screamed as the biggest orgasm of my life hit me.

"I'm cuming too." He grunted. "Fuck Hannah, your pu**y is so tight and sweet." He groaned as his body stilled and then trembled as he exploded inside of me. "Oh wow." He said finally as he slid out of me and pulled the condom off. He placed it on the nightstand next to us and collapsed on the bed next to me. "That was better than I imagined it being."

"It was wonderful." I nodded in agreement and he kissed me softly.

"I would say let's watch a movie, but right now I feel like sleeping."

"Me too." I yawned and he laughed.

"That's what I like to hear." He pulled me into his arms. "Let's spoon."

"Okay." I smiled and snuggled back into him.

"Who would have thought we'd end up like this?" He whispered into my ear as his fingers played with my br**sts.

"Not me." I answered honestly.

"You gotta admit, you thought I was hot though, that first day we met."

"Yeah, before I found out you took my job." I giggled.

"I'm sorry about that you know." He said with a voice full of remorse. "I wish things had gone down differently"

"It's fine, it's not your fault."

"But I still took your position."

"I'd rather it be you than some other douchebag."

"You don't hate me anymore?"

"No, I think I can safely say I don't hate you anymore." I whispered and closed my eyes. "I don't think I'd be in bed with you right now if I hated you."

"That's good. I'd hate to have missed having you in my bed."

"Even though it only happened because you lost the bid?" I asked softly, still feeling bad about what had happened with Martin Corp.

"Rob Martin was a douche bag." Leo growled. "He can keep his stupid company."

"You're sweet." I murmured. "I guess your sweetness makes up for your taking my job."

"I'm glad." He whispered. "I'm glad to know you're not the bitch I thought you had the potential of being."

"I'm glad I'm not as well." I laughed and smiled to myself as I felt myself drifting off.

***

I woke up to Leo playing with my br**sts as his c**k rubbed up against me.

"What are you doing?" I turned around to face him, batting my eyelashes at him.

"I was trying to wake you up." He laughed. "I'm ready to go again."

"I could feel that." I giggled and kissed him lightly. "I felt you rubbing up against me."

"You're lucky it wasn't inside of you." He sucked on my lower lip. "I wanted to wake you up by f**king you, but didn't want you to think I was taking advantage."

"You could have woken me up that way." I reached down and grabbed his cock. "That would have been a very nice to wake up."

"I guess I know that for next time then." His fingers trailed down the side of my body. "What do you want to do now?"

"Hmm. Let me think." I grinned at him and ran my fingers up and down his cock. He groaned and rolled onto his back. I worked my way down his body until his c**k was next to my mouth, "This cowgirl is hungry." I winked up at him and took his c**k into my mouth, sucking on it eagerly. He was so large and hard that I could barely fit him inside of my mouth. I bobbed up and down on him quickly and frowned as he pulled me off.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm going to cum." He groaned and shook his head. "I don't want to cum in your mouth."

"I don't care if you do." I smiled down at his face. "You taste good."

"I want to taste you."

"Next time." I grinned as moved onto his lap. "This cowgirl wants to go for a ride."

"This horse is glad for a rider." He winked at me and groaned as I sat directly on his c**k and started moving back and forth.

"Hannah, it should be illegal for you to ride." He groaned.

"Why?" I laughed as I felt his c**k growing beneath me. I could feel my juices seeping onto his c**k and skin.

"Because you're too damn good at it." He groaned and closed his eyes. "Don't stop." His hands grabbed my hips and moved me back and forth in a more exaggerated move. "Shit, your pu**y is so wet." He muttered as I continued my movement.

"Shh." I moaned as I moved back and forth. "I need to feel you inside of me." I reached over and grabbed another condom packet, opened it quickly and slipped it onto his hard c**k quickly before sitting forward slowly and lowering myself into him.

"Oh shit." He grunted as I slipped down on his cock. "You feel so good." His eyes opened and he stared at me as I started moving up and down on him. "Don't stop moving." He pulled me down towards him and took one of my ni**les in his mouth as I rode him.

"I won't." I groaned not wanting to think about anything other than how wonderful it felt to be connected to him. As I stared down at his handsome face, I knew I was in trouble. I was falling for Leo Maxwell. I liked him. I really liked him. He was a good guy and an even better lover. A part of me felt sad as I realized that this would never be more than sex for him. I didn't even understand why he wasn't interested in relationships. And this is why you don't have sex with men you barely know, a voice inside of me whispered as I felt my climax building up.

"I'm going to cum." He groaned and grabbed my hips and gyrated them back and forth on his cock. "Ride me cowgirl." He grunted and I moved up and down as quickly as I could. "I'm going to cum." He groaned and I felt his body still underneath me before he started trembling and shuddering as he came. I collapsed down on him and slid off of him as he peeled the second condom off.

"Did you cum?" He looked at my face with a worried expression and I wasn't sure if I should lie or not. "You didn't did you?" He frowned and pulled my body towards him. "We can't have that. Come here." He pulled me up. "Straddle my face." He commanded me.

"What?" My voice trembled as he looked up at me with eagle eyes.

"Sit on my face, Hannah." He grinned. "I need to make sure you come and it's my turn to eat."

"Leo." I shook my head, but lowered myself slightly onto his face. I screamed out as he pulled me down onto his face. I felt his tongue licking me as soon as my pu**y touched his face. He sucked on my clit with muster and I fell forward as feelings of ecstasy took over my body. I'd had a guy go down on me before, but this was different. This was even more magnificent. I felt my pu**y lips trembling on his face and Leo started eating me out even more ferociously. I felt his tongue entering me and I exploded on his face as he f**ked me with his tongue. I tried to get off of him, but he held me down on his face as he continued licking every last drop of my orgasm. His breath excited me so much that I found myself coming a second time on his face. When I finally collapsed on the bed next to him, he stared at me, while licking his lips.

"Yummy." He winked at me and pulled me close to him. "You tasted better than a juicy steak dinner."

"Thank you." I grinned at him and kissed his shoulder. "You tasted like horse manure." I joked and then groaned. "Sorry, I'm not sure where that came from." I closed my eyes feeling embarrassed. "It was a bad joke."

"Don't worry, I loved it." He laughed and kissed my nose. "You're unique, Hannah. That's what I like about you."

"I'm glad." I closed my eyes and cuddled into him. "That's why I like you too."

Chapter Nine

Leo

All I could keep thinking about was Hannah telling me she liked me as she fell asleep in my arms. Shit! Was she falling for me? Did she think this was some sort of insta-love? I felt her warm body pressed against mine and tried not to feel her up too much. I was already starting to feel hard again, with her br**sts pressed up against my chest. I had no idea what had just happened. No idea where she'd gotten that sexy nurse's outfit from. When she'd walked into my room, I'd been unable to believe my eyes. What had happened to snarky Hannah? She'd turned up looking like a sex bomb, with her titties practically falling out of her dress. Shit! I'd been hard as soon as she'd walked into my room.

I hadn't expected us to have sex though, even though I'd wanted it. I hadn't expected her to be so open and willing. I hadn't expected her to ride my face like she was massaging my tongue with her pu**y lips. I felt a swirl of desire in my gut as I thought about being inside of her. She'd felt magnificent on my c**k and on my tongue. Shit. She was the best sex I'd ever had.

I frowned to myself at my thoughts. This was not the time for me to start getting sentimental. I was going to be in big trouble. I'd walked out on the Martin Corp deal and now here I was in bed with my assistant. I'd really gone and screwed up. Maybe I could disappear to Florida like Zane's brother Noah had done a couple of years previously. Though, I knew that wasn't a real possibility. You couldn't run away because you f**ked your assistant. You couldn't run away because you started to have feelings for your assistant. You couldn't run away because you didn't want to have to deal with any emotions. I sighed and disentangled myself from Hannah's embrace and got out of the bed. I needed to have a shower and I needed to call Zane. I needed his advice. I needed to know what to do. This was not a position I was equipped to handle.

I walked to the bathroom and jumped in the shower. The hot water felt great on my body as I stood there, trying not to think about Hannah. Was it going to be awkward when she woke up? I didn't even know what to say. It's not like I could say thanks. And I didn't want to bring up my usual conversation of this was great, but I'm not really looking for anything else. I knew that was false. While I didn't want a relationship, I did want more than just a working relationship. I wanted to sleep with her again. Shit, I wanted to bend her over my desk in my office and f**k her up against the window. I even wanted to take her in the elevator. We'd have to be quick, so as to not get caught, but that would be part of the excitement. Maybe she'd invite me over to see her apartment. Maybe I could introduce her to Zane and Lucky. I was pretty sure she would get on with Lucky and that would be great.

"What the f**k are you thinking, Leo?" I groaned to myself as I realized that I was thinking about Hannah as a girlfriend. "She's not a girlfriend." I scrubbed my body with the bar of soap. "Some hot sex doesn't make her a girlfriend. You don't even want a girlfriend." I frowned as I shampooed my hair. Maybe it wasn't just Hannah I had to worry about. Maybe I had to worry about myself as well. Maybe the sex had been so good that it had turned my brain. The last thing I needed was to break my own rules. I didn't do love. I didn't do relationships and I sure couldn't get into a relationship with my assistant.

I stepped out of the shower, dressed quickly, grabbed my phone and walked down to the hotel lobby.

"What's up, bro?" Zane answered on the first ring.

"Dude, I f**ked up."

"Oh shit, already?" He didn't sound surprised. "What happened?"

"I f**ked my assistant."

"What?" He sounded surprised now. "You didn't."

"I know, I f**ked up."

"That's a major f**kup."

"Zane, watch your language." I heard Lucky in the background. "Ruby-Lane is on your lap."

"She can't understand what I'm saying." Zane sighed.

"Zane." Lucky sounded annoyed.

"Fine, my bad." Zane answered. "Never have kids dude."

"I don't plan on it."

"Never get married either."

"Thanks, honey." Lucky said dryly.

"I'm just joking my love."

"You won't be joking when I leave you and take the kids."

"Lucky," He sounded upset. "That's not funny."

"I wasn't trying to be funny."

"Dude, do you need to go?" I asked him, feeling slightly irritated.

"No." He sighed. "Sorry continue."

"If you can't talk, it's fine."

"I can talk." He laughed. "Dude, you sound seriously stressed."

"Yeah, that's because I am."

"I've never heard you like this before. Are you falling for this girl?"

"No, of course I'm not falling for her. It was just sex."

"Then why are you calling me?"

"I think she wants more." I sighed.

"Oh boy. What did she say?"

"She said she liked me." I huffed.

"What?" He sounded confused. "Did she say she liked you or she loved you?"

"She said she liked me. She's not a psycho."

"Leo, her telling you she liked you means nothing. Lucky was telling me she loved me after a few days."

"No, I wasn't." Lucky screeched. "Don't lie, Zane."

"Did you or did you not tell me you loved me pretty early on?"

"I never told you I loved you. Though I did start thinking it." She said indignantly.

"Same thing."

"It's not the same thing." She sighed. "You also told me that-"

"Hey Zane." I said letting my annoyance show. "Is this a conversation between you and Lucky or you and me?"

"Sorry dude. This is what life is like when you're married, you never have a free minute."

"And that's exactly why I'm not getting married." I snapped.

"I hate to tell you this Leo, but I gotta say that I'm not sure that's true anymore." Zane laughed. "I want to meet this assistant."

"No dude. It's not going to happen."

"Come on, bring her to the picnic."

"Nope."

"I'll invite Noah, Robin, and Skylar as well and we can have a big party."

"I'll come, but Hannah will not be coming with me."

"Don't be a party pooper."

"Zane, I think you've been married too long." I sighed. "I gotta go."

"Wait." His tone changed.

"Yes?" I said, not bothering to hide my exasperation.

"Don't write this girl off too quick. Don't jump to conclusions. Yeah, you f**ked up by sleeping with your assistant, but it's not the end of the world. See what happens, Leo."

"I don't want anything to happen."

"College was a long time ago, dude. You need to get over that shit with what's her name."

"What?"

"That girl that dated you and tried to use you 'cos your dad had money. I knew she hurt you, but that shit was a long time ago." He sighed. "Dude, it's so long ago that I can't even remember her name."

"Great best friend you are."

"I'm the best friend you have."

"Uh huh."

"I'm just telling you to allow other possibilities to exist. Trust me, dude. I know where you stand right now. However, love isn't that bad. In fact, it's quite possibly the best thing that can happen in your life. I know my life didn't really begin until I met Lucky. She made me see the world in colors I never knew existed."

"Zane." I groaned. "Are you trying to make me throw up?"

"Just don't rule it out."

"I don't even know what you're talking about. I just f**ked her. This has nothing to do with love." I said angrily. "I gotta go." I hung up the phone and walked outside into the street to take some deep breaths of fresh air. What the f**k was I going to do? I stared at the cabs zipping down the street and then I thought about Hannah upstairs in my bed, naked. I wanted to go back upstairs and crawl into bed and lie down next to her. I wanted to hold her in my arms. I was about to go back upstairs when my phone rang.

"Apology accepted." I barked into the phone.

"Leonardo." It was my father's deep voice and not Zane on the other end of the line.

"Oh, hey dad. What's up?"

"You tell me. What the f**k is going on? I just heard from Rob Martin and he said you were rude to him and left."

"That's not what happened." I sighed. "He's a dick."

"I don't care if he's a dick. You needed to buy that company."

"Dad, he..."

"Leo, what the f**k is going on? He said you and that assistant of yours have something going on."

"Dad, he tried to proposition her, he-"

"Leo, I do not know or care what happened. We need to have a serious conversation when you get back."

"Okay, fine." I muttered, annoyed.

"I don't know what you have got going on with that assistant, but it better not be any shit that can get us in trouble."

"Dad, I got to go."

"I expect to see you in the office first thing."

"I'm in New York the rest of today and tomorrow."

"You're not coming back earlier?"

"The flights and the hotel rooms have already been paid for."

"I don't know what to say right now."

"Don't say anything. I'll see you on Monday morning." I hung up and sighed. I should have known that Rob was going to make trouble. Monday was going to be crazy, I already knew it. I might as well enjoy the next two days with Hannah and let the chips fall where-ever they fell. I had a feeling that a lot more drama was coming whether I wanted it or not.

Chapter Ten

Hannah

The rest of the New York trip was magical. Not that I actually got to see much of New York. Leo and I spent all of our time in the hotel room, asides from a trip to Sprinkles to get some cupcakes and coffee. And it was nice to spend that time together. While, I didn't think we had bared our souls to each other, we had spent a lot of time being intimate and laughing. I was able to forget he was the boss's son and just enjoy each orgasm he gave me.

"So what are you planning on doing this weekend?" He asked me casually as our flight made its descent into the airport in Los Angeles.

"Most probably tidy up all the mess my roommate Lisa made." I laughed. "And laundry. What about you?" I asked him with a smile, hoping he didn't think I was asking him to be with me. I wasn't sure what was going to happen to us now. Was this just a quick fling in New York or was he expecting it to continue in Los Angeles? Of course, I wanted it to continue, but I didn't want him to think I was too into him. I had a feeling that if he knew I was starting to like him, I'd scare him off.

"I thought I'd go and see my friend Zane and his wife, but I'm kinda over them right now." He made a face. "So I'll likely hit up Santa Monica beach and surf."

"Nice." I nodded, imagining him surfing.

"And I'll order some pizza." He laughed. "And watch some movies."

"Sounds fun." I smiled at him as he ran his hands through his golden-blond hair and paused.

"You're welcome to come over if you want." He said hesitantly. "I mean to hang out and chill. Or whatever."

"Or whatever?" I grinned at him, my heart racing as I reached over and rubbed his c**k slowly. "What does 'or whatever' mean?"

"I think you know." His eyes sparkled into mine. "And if you don't have any plans on joining the mile high club, I'd stop that."

"What if I don't want to stop that?" I asked quietly as I felt him start to harden beneath my fingers.

"Hannah." He groaned and his hand grabbed mine and held it still. "If you get me excited, I will need a release and it won't be in my pants."

"I don't care." I giggled, suddenly feeling happy. He wanted to see me again. He wanted to spend the weekend with me. Yeah, it wasn't the same thing as him asking to be my boyfriend, but it was just as good. Okay, it wasn't just as good, but it was something. Leo wanted to spend more time with me. He wanted to be around me. He was the one that suggested it. That told me that things weren't going to be awkward. Maybe we could really make this work. Maybe I could be a modern twenty-first century girl. Maybe I could be one of those girls who slept with a guy without being in a relationship. I knew it would be hard, but a part of me felt that I'd be able to do it. Especially if it was someone like Leo.

"Hannah." His voice was hoarse as I continued to squeeze his c**k through his jeans.

"Yes Leo?" I asked softly, starting to feel very turned on myself.

"Are you going to suck my cock?" He whispered in my ear and groaned.

"No." I laughed and kissed him on the cheek. He looked devastated at the news and I laughed before whispering in his ear. "Meet me in the bathroom in two minutes, I'm going to do even better than that." I unbuckled my seat belt and stood up. Leo sat there with a stunned expression on his face and I grinned at him as I made my way back to the bathroom. We were pretty close to the back of the plane and so there weren't a lot of people there to figure out what was going on. I made my way into the stall and waited. I sniffed for a second and made a face. It didn't smell that great in the stall and it was a lot smaller than I'd remembered them being. I actually wasn't sure how this was going to work. Within seconds I heard a small knock on the door. I opened it quickly and Leo shimmied in with a huge grin on his face.

"Hey." He said with sparkling eyes as he took up every available inch in the stall.

"Hey." I said back to him, my body wedged against the toilet and his body.

"So we're going to join the mile high club together?" He grinned and I leaned forward and kissed him. He pushed himself against me and I felt his hardness next to my stomach. I reached down and squeezed him again, though my hand was pressed up against both of us. I unzipped his pants and he groaned as my hand came into contact with his bare cock.

"Your hands are cold." He muttered against my lips and I bit his lower lip softly in response. His hands moved under my skirt and rubbed my ass. "Okay how do we do this?" He muttered as he tried to adjust himself next to me. "We don't really have much space do we?"

"I guess you can lift me up and I'll have my back against the door?" I said thoughtfully and he nodded and tried to pick me up.

"I can't move you, Hannah." He groaned as his c**k brushed up against me hard.

"Well thanks, I'm not that fat."

"It has nothing to do with you being fat, I can't lift you up and push you against the door. There's not enough space."

"Let's try and change positions." I mumbled. "Then you should be able to lift me up."

"Okay." He nodded. "Let's do it." We both stood there and attempted to move, but there was no way for us to shift in the confined space. "That's not going to work." He shook his head. "Let me see if I can enter you like this." His finger slipped under my skirt and he moved my panties to the side. I felt his finger grazing my clit, but only for a brief second. The next thing I knew his c**k was sliding in between my legs.

"Oh yeah." He grinned as the tip of him rubbed my clit and I moaned. "Just step up a little bit, I can't enter you in this position."

"Where's the condom?" I asked him slowly as I held onto his shoulder.

"Oh shit." He looked annoyed. "Hold on." He tried to pull his wallet out, but there wasn't enough room. "I can't get to the packets, can't I just pull out?"

"No, where are you going to pull out and cum?" I shook my head. "Not on my skirt or top."

"Hold on," He groaned and tried again, this time banging his elbow into the door. "Ouch." He muttered and then we both froze as we heard a knock on the door.

"Are there two people in that bathroom?" A loud screechy voice asked. "It is against federal regulations for two people to copulate in an airline bathroom." She said again and we froze.

Leo looked at me sheepishly and pulled his c**k out from between my legs.

"I guess that's that." He sighed as he zipped himself back up.

"We tried." I nodded as he opened the door. We walked out of the bathroom stiffly, the air stewardess and a few other passengers staring at us in shock.

"My nurse was just taking my temperature." Leo said lightly as we left the room. "Everything's okay though, I don't have a fever."

I followed him back to our seats with a red face and avoided all eye contact with everyone else on the plane.

"Well that sucked." He grinned at me as we sat down.

"I can't believe we almost got caught." I whispered and he laughed.

"I can't believe you weren't going to let me just pull out."

"Why would I let you pull out, Leo?" I shook my head in disbelief. "That is not a foolproof contraception method."

"It's better than coming inside of you." He licked his lips. "Though that would have been even nicer. Maybe you should get on the pill."

"Why should I get on the pill?" I shifted in my seat, as I started to feel even hornier.

"Wouldn't you prefer to feel me inside of you when I orgasm?"

"I do feel you inside of me when you orgasm." I laughed and tried not to remember just how many times I'd already felt him inside of me.

"But that was wearing a condom. It's different without a condom." His fingers touched my lip. "It'll be a whole new experience."

"I thought you didn't want to see me again in that way after New York?" I asked him softly.

"Well, we're hanging out this weekend."

"I can't just go to Walgreens and pick up the pill when we land." I said with a laugh. "It requires a doctors' trip and a prescription."

"Then get one next week."

"Why?"

"Because I want you to."

"What do you care?" I asked softly. "I thought you weren't interested in seeing me as more than an assistant in Los Angeles."

"Well, I'm not looking for a relationship, but that doesn't mean we can't still have fun, right?"

"Fun?" I repeated softly.

"Yeah, I mean I'm down for friends with benefits if you are."

"You want to be friends with benefits?"

"Or assistant with benefits." He grinned. "Does that work for you?"

"I don't know." I bit my lower lip and stared at him. Could I really do this? One fling in New York and then going back to the normal way of life was one thing, but sleeping with him and working with him might be completely different. It was a huge risk to my career and my heart.

"What would you like? We can create a list of rules so both of us is happy."

"I guess that could work." I nodded, my head running a hundred miles a minute. "If we do this then no one can know. I don't want people in the office talking about me behind my back."

"That's fair." He agreed. "So no public affection or lovemaking." He paused. "However, I would like to make love in the office."

"That seems like it goes against the rule of no public lovemaking." I frowned, though I was starting to feel excited.

"When I said public, I mean other people seeing." He grinned. "You better believe I'm f**king you over my desk on Monday morning."

"Will that be before or after your coffee?" I giggled, starting to feel excited.

"Both." He raised an eyebrow at me. "Okay next rule, no expecting phone calls or blowing up each others phones with texts."

"Sounds like a good rule to me." I agreed.

"No expecting to stay over every night." He said again. "And no expectation of dates and going out and meeting the family."

"Or friends." I added, thinking of Lisa. There was no way I wanted him to meet Lisa, I had no idea what she'd say to him.

"Yes, no friends." He nodded quickly and I felt a little hurt.

"Okay, so we have to keep it private at work and not expect any access to each other's private lives." I said slowly. "Anything else."

"You need to get on the pill." He grinned at me. "Please."

"I'll think about it." My heart started beating fast at the thought of what we were embarking on. Was this really going to work? Could we work together and be friends with benefits without anything blowing up in or faces.

"Is there anything you want from me?" He asked softly. "Any particular manscaping or anything?"

"No." I shook my head and smiled. "I like you just the way you are."

"Great." He sat back and sighed. "You're too sweet, Hannah."

"And you're too hard." I smiled at him with a sultry expression as I rubbed his c**k slowly. He groaned and I laughed. "I think you should take care of that soon."

"I'll take care of you soon." He growled and I laughed as the plane hit the tarmac.

"So I'll see you tomorrow?" Leo kissed me lightly as I got out of the cab.

"Sure." I nodded and yawned as I grabbed my bag. "I'm all ready for the beach."

"Good. I'll call you before I come and pick you up." He smiled and looked at my apartment building. "It looks nice in there."

"It's a dump." I laughed. "But it's fine, it's my dump."

"Maybe I can see it sometime." He said softly and I could see the cabdriver rolling his eyes at us.

"Yeah, maybe." I nodded. "Have a great night, Leo."

"Night, Hannah." He smiled and I walked away from the cab with my bag. Why was he mentioning seeing my place? Hadn't we just said in the rules that we didn't want to get too close and intimate?

"But you have to f**k somewhere, Hannah." I mumbled to myself as I climbed up the staircase to the apartment. "It will either be your place or his place, it's not like you're going to be renting hotel rooms." I shook my head at myself as I realized that there was a possibility that Leo and I would have sex in my bed and on my couch. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. I wasn't sure that I wanted to have that memory when things ended. Because ultimately it would have to end. Friends with benefits wasn't something that could last forever. I wasn't sure that I wanted to have memories of coming on his face in my own bedroom.

"I'm home." I called out into the apartment as I opened the door. "Oh my God, what happened?" I shouted as I surveyed the mess. "Lisa." I screamed as I dropped my bag on the floor.

"Hey," Lisa walked out of the kitchen with a grin on her face. "What's up Slutty nurse?"

"Lisa, what is all this mess?" I groaned as I surveyed the trash and shopping bags. "What's going on?"

"Oops, sorry. I was about to tidy up." She made a face. "But I got sucked into a Murder She Wrote marathon on TV."

"Lisa, really?" I sighed as I picked up my bag and walked to my room. Thank God, Leo hadn't tried to come up with me. I couldn't imagine the look on his face if he had seen this dump. He might have called off the friends with benefits plan right away.

"Sorry, Hannah." Lisa followed me into my bedroom. "I'll tidy up now. You know it will go a lot faster if you help me."

"Are you joking?" I shook my head and turned to face her. "I just got back from a business trip. I don't want to be cleaning up your mess. How many pizzas did you order?"

"Two." She grinned. "Antonio gave me the rest for free."

"What, why would Fakio do that?" I asked, surprised.

"Because he got to do me." She grinned and my jaw dropped.

"You did not sleep with Fakio." I asked shocked and she giggled.

"Yes, I did." Her eyes lit up. "And let me tell you, Fakio has a Bronx accent when he cums."

"Lisa," I groaned. "I do not need to hear about what Fakio does when he has sex."

"He has a crooked dick as well." She laughed. "Have you ever had sex with a guy with a crooked dick? It's amazing."

"How crooked is crooked?" I laughed, suddenly feeling lightheaded and wanting to tell her about my adventures as well.

"Let's just say that he could live on a cul-de-sac."

"No way." I shook my head as we walked back to the living room. "There's no way his dick is that crooked."

"Trust me, it was. And his tongue was long as well." She walked into the kitchen and brought back some black garbage bags. "I've never come so much in my life."

"Who knew Fakio had all that going for him?" I laughed and started picking up the trash.

"Not me." Lisa giggled and paused. "But enough about my fabulous sex life, what went down with you and DiCaprio?"

"His name is Leo." I rolled my eyes. "And let's just say you're not the only one that got laid last night."

"What?" She screamed and dropped her bag as she ran over to me. "You did not sleep with your boss?"

"I did." I nodded slowly and I could see the shock in her eyes. "And we've decided to be friends with benefits as well."

"Get out of town." Lisa collapsed on the couch and rubbed her hands in excitement. "Okay, I need details, lots and lots of details."

"Fine." I dropped my bag and sat down next to her. "Where should I start?" I laughed.

"First of all does he have a crooked penis?" Lisa asked and I laughed at her question.

"No," I said slowly, "but he is known as 'The Stallion'." I sat back into the couch and grinned, warmth spreading through my body as I started to tell Lisa about the last couple of days. All of a sudden, the doubt and worry left me. Maybe I wouldn't be cut out for friends with benefits, but at least I was going to try. If there was anyone I'd want to try it with, it was Leo Maxwell.

Chapter Eleven

Leo

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: Emails aren't texts

Hey,

What you doing right now?

Leo

I pressed send and waited for Hannah's response. I lay back in bed and stared at my room in annoyance. I felt lonely and I was pissed. I never felt lonely. I didn't do lonely. I heard the beep coming in quickly and grinned and opened my email. Hannah was fast! I saw a notification from American Express that my credit card bill had cut and sighed. It wasn't her after all. I jumped out of bed and put my phone in my pocket as I made my way down to the kitchen and grabbed a beer and walked into the living room. I thought about calling Zane to see if he wanted to hang out, but I knew that if he was able to get away he'd just start talking about how great Lucky was. I didn't need to be reminded once again that his life had changed and that he could no longer hang out and do the regular guy things we always used to do. It was his fault that I was bored.

Beep beep. I pulled my phone out slowly hoping not to get too excited this time. I grinned when I saw it was a reply from Hannah.

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: Emails aren't texts- so what?

I'm in bed watching TV and eating popcorn listening to my friend Lisa snoring. What does email not being texts have to do with anything?

I laughed as I thought about her friend snoring and I wondered if she knew that she snored as well.

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: It matters because I'm not breaking the rules

What are you watching? What kind of popcorn. And did you know you snore as well. Also, where is Lisa sleeping? In your bed? If you say yes, I'll be officially jealous.

I pressed send and waited.

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: I do not snore

Yeah, she fell asleep while we were watching a movie called The Quiet One's. We always watch horror movies together because we get scared. Btw, I do not snore. You do though. Big bear snores that keep me awake at night.

I grinned and pressed reply quickly.

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: It's not my snores that keep you awake

Never heard of that movie. Sounds boring. I'll help keep you safe next time you want to watch a horror movie. What about the popcorn? Tell me and let me fantasize about having some.

I gulped down some more beer as I waited for her reply.

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: Are you touching yourself right now

I'm so laughing if you put your hands down your pants when you read my subject line. Why are you emailing me? I thought we weren't meant to bother each other. Or am I already forgetting the rules of our friends with benefits arrangement? And nothing fancy. Just cheap ol' kettle corn.

Did she not understand my first subject line?

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: Emails aren't texts remember?

The rules we came up with said no bombarding each other with texts or calls. Emails aren't texts. I like cheap kettle corn, btw. And yes, I'm touching myself right now. Want a photo?

I pressed send and then pulled my junk out of my boxers, lay back and took a photo. I'd show Hannah that I meant business.

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: Seems like you're still breaking the rules to me

Why would I want a photo? Do you think we're going to do an exchange here? Hmm. I am lying in bed naked.

I groaned as I read her email and quickly switched to text.

"Send me a photo." I pressed send quickly.

"I thought we weren't texting." She responded back right away.

"That was before you told me you were naked."

"Leo!"

"Show me your br**sts."

"No."

"Here's a present for you." I sent over the photo of my dick and grinned knowing she would be shocked to see it.

"What the f**k?"

"Like it?"

"I didn't need you to send me a photo of your cock."

"Like it?"

"You really are a pervert."

"Send me a photo of you touching your br**sts."

"Leo, I'm not really naked. Lisa is in bed with me remember."

"Oh yeah." I felt like a fool for not remembering.

"I'm going to show her your photo."

"If you want to."

"You wouldn't care?"

"Why would I?" I laughed as I pressed send.

"Typical man."

"Yes, I am. And I'm feeling horny."

"And?"

"Want to have phone sex?"

"No."

"Please."

"I think this goes against the rules."

"We can change the rules."

"Leo, we just created the rules."

"Hold on." I chugged the rest of my beer down and ran back up to my bedroom. I pulled my phone out again and called her number.

"Why are you calling me?" She whispered into the phone.

"Because I wanted to talk to you."

"Liar, you called me for phone sex."

"Well, if you knew that, why did you ask?"

"Leo, we're not going to have phone sex?"

"Why not?" I groaned, feeling frustrated, though I was happy to be talking to her.

"Leo," She sighed. "No, just no."

"Then let's just talk." I settled into the bed and pulled my hand out of my pants. I guessed that there was no point me getting ready to wank off.

"Talk about what?"

"Whatever. What you want to do tomorrow?"

"I thought we were going to go to the beach?"

"Yeah, the beach and the promenade."

"Oh okay, sounds good."

"Wear a sexy bikini." I asked her softly and closed my eyes. "I'm picturing you in a bikini right now."

"I'm going to wear a one-piece now."

"No, it's much harder to get access in a one-piece."

"What?"

"You know we're going to f**k in the ocean right?"

"Leo!"

"What, I can pull out and cum in the water. You can't be upset about that."

"Leo, we're not going to the ocean to have sex."

"I don't mind having sex on the beach as well. I just thought you might be worried that someone would see us. Like innocent kids or something. We might scar them."

"You're addicted to sex."

"I'm addicted to you." I joked and the phone went silent as I realized that was the wrong thing to say. This wasn't a relationship. "I mean, I'm addicted to having sex with you." I corrected myself. "We need to have as much sex as we can in the beginning. That's the point of being friends with benefits."

"What benefit am I getting?" She asked softly and I froze. Was she already having second thoughts?

"Whatever you want." I said quickly. "I'm yours for the taking."

"I know I can have sex with you whenever I want." She sighed.

"What else do you want?" Please don't say a relationship. Please don't say a relationship.

"Nothing else." She said softly.

"So do you want to know how hard I am?"

"No, Leo, I don't." She giggled.

"Do you want to go and hang out at the Hollywood sign?" I asked without thinking.

"What now?"

"Yeah, now. I can come and pick you up." I jumped out of bed.

"But it's late." She sounded surprised.

"So? We're both up. It'll be fun."

"I thought it was illegal to go and hang out at the sign."

"It's only illegal if you get caught." I laughed as I threw a sweater on and pulled my jeans on. "Come on, it will be an adventure."

"What are we going to do?"

"Talk."

"Does talk mean sex?"

"Talk means talk, but if you want it to mean sex, it can." I responded quickly.

"Fine, I'll come."

"Yes." I grinned. "I'll be there in twenty minutes."

"Okay. I'll go and get ready."

"Don't hang up." I said softly.

"What? Why not?"

"I want to talk to you while I drive over."

"Oh okay." She sounded as surprised as I felt. I wasn't sure why I enjoyed hearing her voice so much. "If that's what you want, that's fine."

"Actually, it's probably safer for me to drive without being on the phone. I'll call you when I get there." I hung up quickly and walked into the bathroom and splashed my face with water. "Stop acting like a girl." I told myself off. What the f**k was I thinking wanting to talk to her while I drove over to her house? This wasn't some romantic gesture. This was me going to get laid. Even as I thought it, I knew it wasn't true. I wasn't going over so we could have sex. I was going over so that I could spend more time with her. I didn't even care if we had sex. I just wanted to be with her. I groaned as I realized that I was already straying from the plan. Friends with benefits didn't meet up to hang out and talk. They didn't flirt. They just had hot sex and moved on. Maybe this hadn't been my smartest idea. The last thing I needed was a romantic entanglement. With my assistant. I already knew that work on Monday was going to be crazy. My dad had left me three voicemails sounding pissed and asking me to call him. I had nothing to say to him. I wasn't going to run myself or the company in a way that made me feel guilty or like I was selling my soul to the devil. Nothing was worth that. There was no amount of money worth losing my soul over. I got into my car with mixed emotions. I was excited to see Hannah. I wanted to see her smile. I wanted to hear the snark in her voice. I wanted to hang out. On the other hand, my excitement scared me. I didn't want this to be anything more than what it was. I was scared that I was going to f**k this up. I was scared that I was starting to like her more than I should.

***

"This is so cool." Hannah's excitement was evident in her voice as we sat next to each other on the hill at the top of the Hollywood sign and stared out at the Los Angeles landscape. "Dangerous, but cool."

"Don't worry, I won't let anything happen to you." I held her hand and we just stared out at the night sky.

"So what were you doing before you called me?"

"Not much." I admitted. "I was bored."

"Oh so that's why you emailed me?"

"No." I shook my head. "I wanted to see you." I admitted slowly.

"Oh, yeah you were feeling horny."

"Yeah." I kept my head away. I didn't want to tell her that I wanted to see her for more than sex. I didn't even want to admit that to myself.

"So, I hope you're not expecting us to do it here. It's cold out."

"No, I'm not." I turned towards her and smiled at her. "Tell me more about you, Hannah. What's your story?"

"Asides from being the girl that had her promotion stolen by the big bosses son?" She laughed. "Asides from the fact that I'm now sleeping with the boss that stole my job?"

"Yeah." I ran my hands through my hair and tried to ignore my guilty feeling. "Asides from that, I'm just a regular girl. I grew up in Nebraska and Iowa. My parents live with my grandparents in a small town called Ames. My dad used to work at the university there."

"Oh what university?" I asked curiously. "I didn't know your dad was a professor."

"He wasn't a professor." She smiled. "Iowa State, he was a manager in the maintenance department."

"Oh."

"Yes, I'm very blue collar." She smiled. "He didn't make much money and my mom was a housewife, though she loved it. They're getting older now and my brother is about to start college. The promotion was going to help me to send more money back home."

"Oh, I didn't know that." I sighed. "That's a hard position to be in. I guess I understand your hatred of me now."

"It's not your fault." She shrugged. "It would have been nice. I mean, they're not on the street and Matt can just get loans. Matt's my brother, by the way."

"Yeah, I gathered that." I put my arm around her shoulder. "I'm sure he'll be fine."

"Yeah." She nodded. "And hopefully, I can find a job with more money soon."

"What do you mean?" I frowned. What was she talking about? Was she going to leave Maxwell Corp?

"Oops." She made a face. "I didn't mean to say anything, not that there is really much to say, but I've been thinking about looking for a management position outside of the company."

"You're going to leave?" My heart felt cold inside.

"I don't know, but I can't spend the rest of my career as your assistant. I have an MBA. I have bills. I live in a dumpy apartment. I need to send money to my family. I can't afford to live on this salary forever."

"What if I got you a raise?" I asked softly. She couldn't leave as my assistant.

"No." She shook her head. "Everyone would know and they'd ask why. It would look too suspicious. All the assistants are paid based on a scale of how long they've been working at Maxwell Corp. If I made more than that, people would want to know why. I don't want people to think I'm sleeping with the boss to make a couple of grand extra per year."

"What if it was more than that?" I asked softly.

"Leo." Her voice sounded annoyed. "I don't even want to have this conversation. I'm not interested in your money. I'll figure out something."

"Fine." I snapped, annoyed, though inside I was pleased. At least, Hannah didn't appear to be a gold digger.

"What about you? Are you planning on staying on? When you started you didn't seem to want to be in Corporate America, but you seem to know what you're doing."

"I don't know." I answered honestly. "I'm not interested in pushing people down to get ahead and I don't like working under my father, but I do enjoy the corporate world a lot more than I thought I would."

"That's because of me, of course." She grinned and I laughed.

"Of course." I responded and I knew deep down inside that I wasn't lying.

"So, do you like Los Angeles?" I sat back and stared at her curiously. Hannah was unlike other girls I'd met. She was beautiful, but in a more natural way. And she didn't play games. I liked the fact that she was so honest with her thoughts and feelings.

"It's cool." She spoke slowly. "It's a lot faker than I thought it would be, but it's also a lot deeper than I thought as well. I mean, in my area, it's real people. Working class people, it feels like a community, but sometimes, when I go to different areas, it feels like some sort of plastic city with plastic people. I'm not used to being around so many pretentious and fake people."

"I know what you mean." I nodded. "People here are plastic, even the ones that haven't had plastic surgery."

"You feel that way, even though you grew up here?"

"I do." I nodded slowly. "I'm lucky that my best friends are both cool. They both have a rich dad, but they're down to earth."

"Oh?"

"Yeah, Zane and Noah Beaumont, their dad is..."

"Omg, their dad is not that famous director?" Hannah's eyes widened and I nodded.

"Yeah." I smiled. "Though, you wouldn't know it if you met them. They're the coolest guys I know."

"Is one of them your best friend that got married or something?"

"Yeah, Zane." I nodded, pleased she'd remembered, though I couldn't remember when I'd told her about him. "Zane is actually my best friend, Noah is his younger brother, but we're tight as well. It's actually a crazy story about them."

"Oh?"

"Well, we all thought Noah was dead." I laughed. "He'd gone to Florida to hide out from some drug lords."

"What?" She looked shocked. "Is this true life or a movie?"

"Haha, right?" I laughed and suddenly felt really alive. "I'll have to tell you the whole story sometime. But anyways, Zane and I used to do everything together: party, meet girls, that sort of thing. Then he met this girl, Lucky, down in Miami and as they say, the rest is history."

"Wow, she must be some girl."

"Yeah, she's pretty special." I nodded. "In fact, they're having a picnic soon, if you want to come."

"Oh." She bit her lower lip. "Is that allowed?"

"What do you mean?" I stared at him in confusion and then remembered the rule about not meeting friends. "Oh yeah, the no friends rule." I chuckled and looked away, feeling disappointed and anxious. I wanted Hannah to meet Lucky and I didn't know why. Why did I care? What did it matter? We were just friends with benefits. This was just about the sex.

"You know." She shrugged and I sighed.

"We'll just go with the flow." I leaned forward and kissed her. "Does that sound like a plan?" I leaned back slightly and licked her trembling lips lightly.

"Yes." She nodded, her brown eyes staring into mine with a look I'd never seen before. "That sounds like a plan."

Chapter Twelve

Hannah

I drove to work on Monday morning with nerves in my stomach. I wasn't sure what to expect when I got to the office. How was Leo going to act when he saw me? We'd spent the entire weekend together, with me staying at his place on Saturday night and going back to my own place late Sunday afternoon. It had been an amazing weekend and we'd spent more time talking and eating, than we had having sex. It had almost felt like a real relationship. Almost. There had been a couple of awkward moments. Like Sunday morning when we'd woken up at the same time and just stared at each other for a few minutes before kissing. I parked and walked into the building feeling anxious and I hoped that Leo wasn't going to be acting like an ass**le. I grabbed my phone as I walked into the building and saw a text from Leo.

"Where are you?"

"On my way."

"You're late."

"I'll be there in a minute."

"I expect my coffee at 9am sharp."

"Sorry."

"Don't think you can come in late because you're f**king the boss."

I put my phone in my pocket angrily and rode up in the elevator fuming. Why had I slept with him? Why had I agreed to friends with benefits? I was stupid to enter such an agreement with my boss. I sighed and stepped out of the elevator and took a deep breath. I entered the office and put my game face on.

"What do you want?" I knocked on Leo's door and he looked up at me with a grin.

"You out of that suit, please." He winked at me, but I didn't smile.

"What do you want from the coffee shop?" I asked, talking very slowly.

"Are you in a bad mood this morning, Hannah?" Leo stood up and frowned as he walked towards me. "Where's my morning kiss?"

"I'm just trying to do my job." I frowned and then stared at his face in confusion. "Why are you laughing at me?"

"You didn't take my texts seriously did you?" He smiled and held up two coffees in his hands. "I got us some coffee and some bagels and I got you a muffin as well."

"What? Why did you text me and complain about the time then?"

"I didn't want it to be cold when you got here." He smiled. "I wanted to surprise you this morning, but you weren't here, when I got here. I was disappointed."

"Oh, sorry." I took the coffee from him. "This is so sweet. I'm sorry I'm late, but Fakio hogged the bathroom all morning."

"Who?" He looked confused.

"This guy my roommate has started seeing. I don't know his real name. He goes by Fakio and Antonio." I laughed at the expression on his face. "I'll explain it later."

"When do I get to meet your infamous roommate?" He asked softly as he handed me a bagel and cream cheese.

"You want to meet her?"

"She sounds hilarious." He grinned. "Who wouldn't want to meet her?"

"I guess when you come over." I smiled at him. "Maybe tonight?"

"Is that an invitation?"

"It is if you want to come?"

"I always want to come." He winked at me and I groaned.

"I suppose I walked into that one, didn't I?" I laughed, suddenly feeling light-hearted.

"Yeah, you did." He pulled me towards him and gave me a big kiss. "I've been wanting to do that all morning."

"Well, good morning to you too." I kissed him back breathlessly.

"Now, I have to go and face my father." He groaned. "I'm not looking forward to it."

"Do you want me to come? Is there anything I can do to help?"

"No." He sighed. "I think there's going to be a shouting match. You don't need to witness that."

"I can handle it." I frowned. "I know I'm your assistant, but this isn't the only job I can do or take." I pursed my lips. "I want to be a part of this, Leo."

He sighed and pulled away from me. "I know. Just not right now, okay. Not this case. I need to speak to my dad alone."

"Fine."

"I'm sorry." He shook his head. "Maybe next time."

"Yes, boss." I shrugged and walked away from him.

"Hannah, stop." He called after me, but I kept walking. I heard him run behind me and grab me behind the waist. "You're not seriously mad at me, are you?"

"I'm not mad. I'm annoyed and frustrated yes. I feel like you don't appreciate me for more than my body."

"Of course I do." He ran his fingers down my back and gently rubbed my ass. "I know you have a beautiful mind as well."

"I'm smart, Leo." I turned to him with my eyes flashing, trying to ignore the sudden warmth in my belly.

"I know you're f**king smart." He slammed the door behind me shut and locked it. "You're one of the most intelligent women I know."

"I want to have a real role." I groaned as he pulled my skirt up. "I want you to include me in important meetings."

"I'll include you in every meeting after this one." He pulled me towards his desk and pushed his laptop to the side, before pushing me forward.

"I want to be seen as someone who can be a manager." I moaned as I lay on the desk, my ass in the air.

"You can and will be a manager." He grunted as he pulled my panties down.

"I want to be asked for my opinion." I squirmed on the desk as I heard him undoing his zipper. "I want to be asked questions."

"I'm going to ask you a question right now." He grunted as he rubbed the head of his c**k next to my opening.

"I want my opinion to matter."

"It matters all right." He groaned as his c**k rubbed my wet clit. "Let me ask you a question right now."

"What?" I cried out as he slid his c**k into me slowly.

"Does this feel good?" He grunted as he pulled out of me slowly.

"Yes." I moaned and closed my eyes.

"What about this?" He entered me again, this time a little faster. "Is this good too?"

"Yes," I cried out, wanting him to move faster.

"What about this?" There was humor in his voice as I felt the head of his c**k at the other hole.

"No." I shouted and he laughed.

"Maybe next time then." His hands massaged my ass as he entered my wet pu**y again. "See, I do value your opinion."

"Yeah, you..." I screamed as he entered me faster and faster.

"Shh." He growled as he f**ked me hard and fast, my pu**y lips quivering as his hard c**k slammed into me, over and over again. "I've been thinking about this all morning." He growled as he pulled out of me and turned me around and kissed me. "I'd take all your clothes off if I didn't have that meeting." His fingers squeezed my br**sts and he pushed me back. I felt my ass hitting the laptop, before he pulled me forward again. "Spread your legs, I want to see your face as I give you your morning f**k."

"Yes, Sir." I licked my lips as I opened my legs wide. He stared at me with dark eyes as he stared at my naked pu**y and then back at my face.

"You're so sexy." He groaned. "I wish I could f**k you all day."

"So why don't you, Sir." I said seductively and he pulled my hips towards him as he entered me again aggressively.

"I'll show you who's Sir." His c**k slammed into me with reckless abandon and I tilted my head back as my body shuddered with desire. He grunted while I moaned and I could feel my orgasm building up quickly. "Fuck." He swore and I opened my eyes and I watched as he pulled a condom out of his pocket and placed it on his hard c**k before entering me again. "I nearly came in you just now." He grunted. "You need to get on the pill this week."

"Okay." I whimpered as his pummeled into me again. I felt his fingers rubbing my clit and we both came together within seconds. He pulled out of me and pulled his condom off and dumped it in the trash before bending down and holding my legs apart with his hands. He buried his face in my pu**y and licked up my juices eagerly, his tongue licking every inch of me as he sucked on my clit. I felt my body trembling as his tongue slid in and out of me and I felt myself coming a second time. He groaned against my pu**y and licked my juices up eagerly before standing back up. He pulled my panties back up and pulled me off of the table.

"Now that was a good breakfast." He licked his lips and then leaned forward and kissed me. "I think I'm good until lunchtime."

"Lunchtime?" I asked him softly.

"Or do you need a mid-morning snack?" He grabbed my hand and placed it on his cock. "I'm sure that can be arranged." I squeezed his already hardening c**k for a few seconds and then laughed.

"Go to your meeting, Leo." I pulled my skirt down and ran my hands down the front of his shirt. "You look very handsome today, by the way. I like the blue."

"Thank you." He grinned as he put his c**k back in his pants and zipped himself up. "I wanted to look nice today. I had an important breakfast meeting."

"Hey, I don't mind if you have meetings like that everyday." I giggled and pushed him away as he tried to touch my ass again. "But now you have to get to real work, Mr. Maxwell."

"Yes, Hannah." He sighed and walked towards the door. He unlocked it and looked back at me. "Also, I wanted to let you know that I heard what you had to say. I'll definitely include you in future meetings, okay?"

"Okay." I nodded and smiled at his simple gesture. I watched him leaving the office and I smiled to myself. Maybe this whole friends with benefits would work out after all. Maybe, just maybe, it might even become more than that. I knew it was stupid of me to think that, but I knew that I was really starting to like Leo Maxwell. He was not the man I'd originally thought he was. He was so much more than that. So very much more.

Chapter Thirteen

Leo

"Leo, to say I'm disappointed in you is an understatement." My dad droned on and on, but all I could think about was the hot sex I'd just had with Hannah in my office. I was getting hard again just thinking about how sweet she'd tasted.

"Do you think this is funny?" My father's sharp voice interrupted my thoughts.

"It's not funny." I sighed and looked up at him. "However, I'm not going to tell an employee of this company that she has to flirt or have sex with someone so that we can get ahead."

"She didn't have to have sex with him. That's not the point. I told you in the first place that you shouldn't take her. I told you that it's best for you to deal with Rob yourself."

"I thought it would be wise to take my trusted assistant with me."

"Trusted assistant? You barely know that bimbo."

"She's not a bimbo, dad." I frowned. "In fact, she was nearly hired for my position."

"I'm sure her short skirts had something to do with it. Harry in HR has given job offers to many unqualified bimbos because they flashed him a bit of leg."

"Dad, that's unfair. Hannah is extremely capable and she's very aware. I don't regret taking her on the business trip with me." Not at all. Though, I wasn't going to tell him the real reason why I'd enjoyed having her there. I don't think he would want to know about the agreement we'd come to, or the fact that I'd officially christened my office and was already looking forward to seconds. I was already thinking about how we could have sex in the elevator without getting caught. It would be easier if we were in the elevator alone, but it could also be interesting if someone else was with us as well. The possibilities were exciting and I could feel my adrenaline pumping as I pictured myself f**king Hannah with someone right next to us and them not even knowing about it. I'd have to figure out a way to make sure she didn't moan or scream.. My c**k seemed to do things to her that made her scream out so loud that even I was worried my eardrums might pop.

"Don't you have anything to say, Leo?" My father slammed his hand down on the desk. "Maybe it was a mistake bringing you back to the company."

"Dad, if you want me here, you're going to have to trust me to make decisions that I think are right for the company. My name is on the door as well. You might not want to believe it, but I'm not a little kid anymore, or fresh out of college. I know what I'm doing. Yes, I don't know everything, but I'm a fast learner and I, more than anyone, wants what is best for this company." I paused and I looked to see my father staring at me with admiration and respect.

"Okay son." He nodded and smiled. "I trust you know what you're doing. After all, this will be all yours one day.

"Is there anything else you want to discuss?" I asked him, already wanting to get back to the office to see if Hannah was up for another quickie. And maybe I could even convince her to go to get on the pill today. It had felt so good f**king her without a condom, but I didn't want to risk getting her pregnant. That would seriously complicate shit.

"No." He sighed. "But I do have a piece of advice, don't shit where you sleep son."

"What does that mean?" I frowned.

"You'll figure it out." He sat down and turned on his laptop. "Now go and find me another company to take over."

"Yes, Sir." I walked out of the office and to the elevator, eager to see Hannah and ask her what she'd done the night before. I froze as I realized that I wanted to know about what she was doing. Why did I care? I needed to stop trying to get closer to her. I needed to just focus on the sex. It didn't matter what she'd done the night before. I sighed as I walked back to the office and shook my head to clear my thoughts as I walked into the room where she sat.

"How did it go?" She looked up with concerned eyes and I shrugged.

"Fine. I mean what could he say?"

"What does he want you to do?"

"Look for another account. We're done with Martin Corp. I would never do business with Rob Martin after the way he acted in New York."

"Wow, you really didn't have to do that for me." She stood up and walked over to me. "But I do appreciate it."

"Want to show me how much you appreciate it?"

"Again? Already?" Her eyes laughed at me as she made her way into my room.

"Not in there." I grabbed her hand to stop her. "We're going somewhere else."

"Where?" She looked surprised. "Shouldn't we work first?"

"Work will always be there." I grinned. "Take your panties off and give them to me."

"What?" She shook her head and I ran my fingers across her lips.

"Take your panties off." I grinned. "It will be easier if your panties are off."

"What will be easier?"

"My f**king you, of course." I laughed as she shook her head at me, but she still took her panties off. I sniffed them and grinned and then placed them in my pocket. "I'm keeping these." I smiled at her. "It will always remind me of the day we first christened Maxwell Corp."

"I guess so." She bit her lower lip and I stared at her teeth and remembered the way she had sucked on my c**k a couple of nights before and bitten down on it gently. I groaned and pulled her out of the office with me.

"Where are we going?" She gasped as I walked quickly towards the elevator.

"Up to the fiftieth floor."

"What? Why?" She looked at me in confusion.

"We're going to have a ride of fun."

"What is someone comes in?" She shook her head, her face growing red.

"You'll have my jacket in front of you." I pulled my suit jacket off and handed it to her.

"Leo, we cannot do this." She shook her head and tried to stop me. "We're totally going to get busted."

"I'm willing to try." I licked my lips slowly. "Are you?"

"I don't know." She shook her head.

"You know I wanted to f**k you that very first time I saw you in the elevator. Are you going to take that away from me?"

"Leo." Her face went an even deeper red.

"What?" I shrugged. "It's true. Didn't you feel the same thing?"

"I thought you were hot, yes, but I didn't think about f**king you." She whispered and I grinned.

"Well, now you don't have to think about it." I grabbed her hand and pulled her into the elevator with me. "Stand in front of me. Put the jacket to the front and left of you." I ordered her as we walked to the back right of the elevator. "Okay good." I rubbed her waist as she stood in front of me and pulled her back slightly. I felt her ass rubbing my c**k and I groaned into her hair. "This is going to be so hot." I whispered into her ear as she moved her ass back and forth slightly. "You're such a tease."

"I aim to please." She giggled as she grinded her ass back against me. She froze as the elevator stopped and two men walked in. They gave us a cursory stare, but continued with their talking. I moved my hand up to Hannah's right breast and squeezed it gently. She gasped as I pinched her nipple and I smiled to myself as I watched the two guys to make sure they weren't watching.

"Leo," She hissed and tried to move away from me. "Stop." She whispered and I grabbed her around the waist and pulled her back towards me.

"Sshhh." I whispered in her ear and slowly lifted her skirt up. She froze as my fingers touched her ass and I saw her looking to the left. My body was on high alert and I pulled down my zipper slowly. My c**k was already hard as I pulled it up and placed it between her legs.

"Leo." She said softly as she tried to move away from me. I held her waist tighter and pushed her back even harder. Her pu**y was already wet as my c**k nestled up in her folds and I wanted to groan.

"Bend down a little bit." I whispered into her ear and she shook her head.

"Are you Leo Maxwell?" One of the guys suddenly spoke to me and we both froze.

"Yes," I nodded and smiled slowly. Shit!

"I thought that was you. How are you enjoying being back?"

"Great thanks. I'm really enjoying it." I smiled at him and then Hannah shifted, so that my c**k was right next to her entrance. The head of my c**k was right there, waiting to enter her and I was about to blow a load right then and there.

"We'll have to have lunch soon. I'm Ed, in accounting."

"Nice to meet you, Ed." I tried to shift, but all that did was make Hannah close her legs tighter so she could trap my c**k next to her pu**y. I smiled to myself at her move, though I knew I was in a bad position. If Ed came over to me for a more in-depth chat, I was going to be in deep shit. There was no way I'd be able to hide the fact that my c**k was rubbing my assistants pu**y.

"Okay, this is my stop." Ed nodded at me. "I'll see you later, Leo."

"Okay, bye." I raised a hand and waved the two men out, before reaching forward and rubbing Hannah's clit roughly.

"Ooh, what are you doing?" She cried out and stepped forward.

"We were so busted just now." I muttered as I felt her wetness on my fingers. "He totally could have seen."

"I thought that's what you wanted?" She said softly as her body buckled at my touch.

"Maybe it wasn't such a good idea." I sighed and pulled my hard c**k back into my pants and lowered her skirt.

"You think?" She turned to face me and gave me a small kiss. "I'm always right you know."

"Uh huh." I rolled my eyes and grabbed her br**sts as I sucked on her tongue. "You were right this one time."

"We should go back to the office and work now." She mumbled as her eyes glazed over with lust as I pinched her hard ni**les.

"Does work include f**king you over the desk again?"

"Leo." She moaned as she nibbled on my lip. "We need a new rule. No sex at work."

"Not going to happen." I laughed and tugged her lower lip. "Not going to happen at all."

"Fine." She sighed. "I have to actually go and talk to a friend on the thirty-first floor, so I'll see you back in the office in a bit, okay?"

"Okay." I nodded as she walked out. "See you in a bit."

I walked to my office laughing at myself. Sex in the elevator had seemed so exciting, but I hadn't realized just how intense the situation was going to be.

"What's so funny?" My dad stood in my office as I walked in.

"Nothing. What's up?"

"I came to talk to you."

"About what?" I frowned and walked into the office.

"Where's your assistant?"

"She went to get something - why?"

"You my boy are a genius."

"Why am I a genius?" I asked confused.

"I just got a call from Rob Martin."

"Okay?"

"He wants to sell us Martin Corp at half our original offer price."

"What?"

"I know I told you not to take that silly bit of an assistant with you, but I'm glad you talked me into letting her go. That was a smart idea son. I should have known you had a plan. Once Rob got a look at her short skirt and long legs, his mind would be elsewhere and he'd f**k it up for himself."

"Dad, that wasn't..."

"You're a genius son. I'll never doubt you again. You can take little miss short skirt anywhere you want."

"Dad." I was angry. "I didn't." I paused as I heard something falling. I looked towards the door and saw Hannah running out of the office. Oh shit! How much had she heard? "Dad, I didn't take Hannah there on purpose. You are really overstepping here."

"Son, I know you're enjoying a dalliance with your assistant, but I wouldn't see it as more than that."

"What are you talking about?" I frowned angry. "You need to stop talking about Hannah like that."

"You can't turn a whore into a housewife, Leo." He shook his head. "Hannah has been using you."

"What?" I frowned. "What are you talking about?"

"Unfortunately, this means we can't fire her, but at least you should know you've been set up."

"What?"

"Come." My father sighed as he walked to Hannah's computer and turned it on and brought up her email.

"What are you doing?"

"Look." He clicked open a file. "The IT dept sent it to me last week. I tried to call you, but you ignored my calls. The girl has been setting you up." I stared at the screen and froze as I saw the emails I'd sent to her personal email forwarded to her work email with the subject line, for HR. I could feel the blood draining from my face. She's set me up. She'd been planning to take me to HR? How could she do that to me? Had everything been a setup? Had she been planning on seducing me from the beginning? I thought back to the nurses' outfit. Why did she have a sexy nurses' outfit with her in New York? It didn't make sense. I knew then that everything had been a sham. Hannah had had a plan to get revenge on me because I'd taken her job. I thought about the way her body had trembled as I'd f**ked her. Had that all been a lie as well?

"I'm sorry son." My dad shrugged. "But at least we got the deal with Martin Corp."

I stared at him wordlessly, not sure what to say.

"Remember next time, don't shit where you sleep or eat." His eyes narrowed. "There are plenty of girls out there son."

"I'm not worried about it." I shook my head as I felt my heart hardening. I was done with Hannah and I was done with even thinking about being in a relationship. I knew then that I'd wanted more than friends with benefits with Hannah. I was glad I'd never told her that though. I was done letting women into my heart. I was done being used. I was done with Hannah once and for all.

Chapter Fourteen

Hannah

It had been a week since I'd heard Leo and his father talking about his deliberate plan to take me to New York in an attempt to get Rob Martin to make a move and ruin the deal, so they could get a lower price for the company. To say I was devastated was an understatement. I'd been in such shock that I hadn't even wanted to go back to the office, but I had. I'd gone back to my desk and waited for Leo to come out and tell me some lie about how he'd never intended for any of it to happen, but he never did.

I think that hurt me more than anything. He didn't even try and explain it to me. He didn't even try and make me feel better. He'd been successful with his plan and he'd gotten some sex out of me and now that he'd been found out, he was cold and uncaring.

He looked at me with such dismissive eyes that I wanted to slap him. I hated him so much. I wanted to quit so badly. I had applied to several other jobs already, but hadn't heard anything from anyone yet.

"Hannah, please come into my office." Leo's voice sounded cold through the intercom.

"Coming." I grabbed my pen and pad and walked into his office silently. I stared at the desk we'd made love on the week before and looked away. How had everything gone south so quickly? How could he have used me like that?

"I need you to go and get some sandwiches for a picnic I'm going on tomorrow." He stared at me unblinking.

"What sort of sandwiches, Sir?" I asked politely, while screaming inside. He's been giving me menial tasks since that day and I hated him for it.

"You can decide. I know you like to have a sense of power." He said snidely.

"I guess that's all I'm good for." I responded tightly. "Sandwich orders and short skirts."

"That one could be a little shorter." He stared at my legs. "Pull it up."

"Excuse me?"

"I said pull it up a bit higher." He paused. "Or do you need to go and get a tape recorder first? Will you hear me if I say it into a recorder?"

"What's that supposed to mean?" I bit my lower lip to stop myself from crying. How had I ever thought he was a nice guy?

"Get your tape recorder and I'll you let you record all the things you want to hear." He stood up and walked over to me. "I'll tell you that I'll give you a $100 if you sit in my lap. A thousand dollars if you take your top off and push your br**sts in my face. Better yet, I'll give you ten thousand dollars if you let me f**k you in my chair. What do you say to that?"

"You're a pig." I gasped. "How dare you?"

"Sorry, would twenty thousand work then?" He shouted. "I'll pay you twenty grand to give me a blow job right now."

"How dare you." I slapped him across the face. "You son of a bitch."

"Me?" He laughed. "Me? I'm the bitch?" He pushed past me. "Get out."

"I'm going, you don't have to ask me twice." I left the room close to tears and ran down the corridor. What was his problem? Why would he treat me like this? He was the one that had hurt me. He was the one that had used me. I hurried into the elevator and a girl stopped and looked at me.

"Hannah?" She surveyed my face and paused.

"Yes, do I know you?" I frowned and looked at her in confusion.

"Not yet." She walked back into the elevator. "Can I go down with you?"

"Whatever." I sighed as I stared at the pretty girl in front of me. Who was this? If she said she was Leo's girlfriend, I was going to scream.

"You look upset." Her voice was soft. "Has Leo been rude today?"

"So you know Leo?" I looked at her long curly hair and searched her first.

"Yes, I'm afraid I do." She smiled. "I'm Lucky, by the way." She held her hand out for me to shake.

"I've heard your name before." I tried to remember from where.

"I'm Zane's wife. Zane is Leo's best friend." She rolled her eyes and sighed. "And when Leo's down, Zane feels like he has to be there for him."

"Well bully for him." I gave her a weak smile. "Can I help you? I have work to do."

"I was hoping we could chat." She paused. "I shouldn't be here. If Zane knew I was here, he'd kill me and Leo too." She reached out and touched my arm. "But I think that I can help."

"Help what?" I shook my head. "Are you here to ask me to quit?" My voice rose as we left the elevator.

"No, no, no." She looked at me horrified. "I think I need to explain some stuff."

"Explain what?"

"Sorry, I'm making a mess of this, aren't I?" She sighed. "Let me start from the beginning. When I met Zane, my husband, he was a player. He was literally dating several girls in front of me. He wasn't interested in love. He was alpha. He was protective. He liked me, but he didn't want to admit it and he didn't want a relationship and he told me several times."

"Okay?" I waited for her to continue. "And?"

"Leo's the same way. He was hurt when he was younger and now he's being an ass. You know how guys are. They get hurt once and then they act like it's the end of the world."

"What does that have to do with me?" I was starting to get annoyed.

"You hurt him, Hannah. I don't know the full story. I don't know what you planned to do with those emails, but something tells me you weren't going to go to HR with them. Or if you were, you changed your mind. I refuse to believe you would sleep with him because you wanted to get him fired that badly."

"What are you talking about? What emails?" My head started pounding.

"The emails Leo sent you. The flirty ones about wanting to sleep with you. The ones he sent to your personal email. The ones you forwarded to yourself to hand it to HR."

"Oh." Something went off in my brain. "How do you know about them?" I froze. "Oh my god, does Leo know about those emails? That I sent them to my work email? Oh shit." My heart dropped as I realized what he must have thought if he'd seen that email.

"Yes, Leo knows." She sighed. "And he's been getting drunk every night and taking my husband out with him. Now, I love Leo, but I like to have my husband at home at night." She smiled. "We have two babies and I want him to change some of those dirty diapers."

"Leo's been getting drunk?"

"He's really upset that you would set him up like that."

"But, I didn't intend to send them anywhere." I sighed. "I'm not even sure why I forwarded them to my work email anymore." I looked at her with an anxious face. "No wonder he thinks I'm a bitch."

"You really hurt him." She nodded. "He feels like you were just using him."

"But he used me." I wailed. "He took me to New York and..." My voice trailed off as I realized how stupid that sounded. I knew in my heart that Leo had not set me up on that trip. He had tried to warn me to stay away from Rob. Oh why hadn't I listened?

"Leo would never do that, to you or any other girl." Lucky shook her head. "He's one of the good guys. He might talk a good game, but he has a heart of gold."

"He must hate me." I sighed. "I can't believe he thinks I would try and use him and then report him to HR."

"You know men, sometimes they think with the wrong head." Lucky giggled and slapped her hand across her mouth. "Sorry, that wasn't appropriate."

"Don't worry." I smiled. "You're right. What am I going to do?" I sighed as I realized how badly I'd f**ked up.

"That's why I'm here." Lucky beamed. "I was hoping you would come to a picnic at my house tomorrow in Los Feliz. It's just a small affair, but Leo will be there and I'd love for you to come."

"I don't know." I said thoughtfully. "I don't want to ruin your party if he starts shouting at me."

"I'll make sure he doesn't shout." She smiled. "I'd love for you to come and feel free to bring a friend."

"I'm not sure bringing my friend Lisa would help much." I laughed.

"Did you just say Lisa?" She grinned at me.

"Yeah, why?"

"My best friend's name is Leeza." She grinned. "It's like fate. You and Leo are meant to be together."

"I don't know about that." I sighed and smiled at her. "Even if he forgives me for the mistake, he still only wants to be friends with benefits."

"Trust me, a guy who's this upset and getting drunk every night wants to be more than that." Lucky squeezed my hand. "I know you don't know me, but I like you already. I have a good feeling about you and Leo. I'd love, love, love it if you came tomorrow."

"Well, if it means that much to you."

"It does." She nodded and pulled out a pen and pad from her handbag. "Here's my number and my address. The picnic will start around noon, but feel free to come earlier or later."

"Thank you." I smiled at her gratefully. "I really appreciate it."

"You're welcome." She gave me a quick hug and grinned at me. "I can't wait to see you tomorrow. I should leave now. I left Zane with the kids and I'm sure they've messed up the house by now."

"Okay," I laughed. "It was nice meeting you Lucky."

"It was great meeting you as well, Hannah." She nodded. "Tomorrow will be great."

"I hope so." I mumbled.

"I know so." She smiled. "Trust me, I know so."

I walked back into the office to find that Leo was gone. I sighed as I waited at my seat. I needed to talk to him before the picnic. I needed to explain to him that I had never meant to send the email. I needed him to know the truth. I walked into his office and sat at his desk and opened his notepad so that I could leave him a note. I was about to write, but I didn't know what to say. What I had to say couldn't be written down in a few words. What I had to say had to be done face to face. I needed to look into his eyes when we spoke. I needed to look into his eyes and figure out how he truly felt about me. The time for games was over. I understood why he was guarding his heart, but he either needed to let me in or we would both just have to move on. I walked back to my desk and sat down, suddenly feeling sad. I was scared that Leo wasn't going to let me in. I was scared that I'd fallen for a man that would never be able to let me get close to him. I was afraid and I didn't know what to do.

Chapter Fifteen

Leo

"Uncle Leo," Skylar ran up to me and gave me a big hug. "I've missed you."

"Hey, Sky." I gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. "Your dad here?"

"Yes, daddy is in the back with Uncle Zane and Robin is in the kitchen with Aunty Lucky."

"Awesome." I smiled down into her cute little face.

"I'm playing with the babies." She made a face. "It's boring."

"I'm sure it's not that bad." I laughed.

"You want to play with us?"

"Not right now." I shook my head. I loved David and Ruby-Lane, but I wasn't really a baby person. "But, I'll come back and talk to you soon. I need to take these sandwiches to the kitchen and then I need to go and see if Zane and Noah need any help."

"What help would they need?" She frowned. "It's Aunty Lucky that's cooking."

"Well, they might need help drinking the beer." I winked at her and she giggled.

"Oh, Uncle Leo." She ran over to the babies. "David, your Uncle Leo is a goofball." She squeezed his cheeks and I walked into the kitchen.

"Hey Lucky." I gave her a quick hug and kiss. "Hi Robin."

"Hi Leo." They both gave me a quick smile and I was glad that we were all able to get along as well as we did.

"Need any help?" I asked as I walked out of the kitchen. "No? Oh okay?" I ran out as they threw kitchen towels at me.

"Leo." Zane grinned at me. "You made it."

"You knew I'd be here. Free food always calls my name." I grabbed a beer from the cooler and sat down. "So any burgers done?"

"No." Noah shook as his head as he flipped something on the grill. "I think it'll be another fifteen minutes."

"I'm starving here." I groaned and chugged some beer.

"How you doing?" Zane stared at me through narrowed eyes.

"I'm fine." I shrugged and looked away from him. "Why wouldn't I be?"

"Lucky's banned me from guys night for a month." Zane sat across from me.

"Man, you're so whipped." I shook my head and took another sip of beer. "And that's why I'll never be getting married."

"Uh huh." He rolled his eyes. "Try not to chug them so fast."

"I'm fine." I was starting to get annoyed. "Anything I can do?"

"No." He stood up. "Just relax."

"I'm relaxed."

"You spoken to Hannah yet?"

"No." I got angry just thinking about her. "I told you that I'm done with her."

"Done sounds so final."

"It is final. She's a snake in the grass. A snake that's been waiting for the perfect opportunity to bite."

"Dude, really?" Zane rolled his eyes. "So melodramatic."

"I'm not being melodramatic. I'm just telling it like it is. She's a snake."

Zane shrugged and walked away and I took another sip of beer. The last week with Hannah had been so awkward. And yesterday, yesterday I'd been so angry and turned on that I hadn't even known what to think. She made me so mad when I looked at her, yet I was still attracted to her. She still had me wrapped around her little finger. When I'd seen the sadness in her eyes yesterday, I'd wanted to comfort her. I'd wanted to apologize for the things I'd said and done, as if I'd been in the wrong. I'd been so angry with myself that I'd left the office and gone back after I knew she'd be gone. I wasn't sure how much longer I'd be able to deal with her on an everyday basis. It was so hard to look at her and not want her. It was so hard to not ask her what she'd done the night before. My bed felt lonely and my life felt empty. I wasn't sure how she'd been able to affect me so much already. I barely knew her. Shit, we'd only been friends with benefits for a short period. Yet, she was all I could think about.

I was so angry with myself for letting her in. Beep Beep. I pulled my phone out and saw an email from my dad and I opened it quickly, the blood draining from my face. There was a video escalating through the office of Hannah and I having sex on the desk. It appeared to have been an accident. One of us had accidentally hit the record button on my computer and the IT department had watched it and shared it with some other people in the office. My dad was furious, but he said the video meant we could fire Hannah, as it was obvious from the video that the act was consensual.

I deleted the email and sat down, not knowing how I felt. All I knew was that I didn't want her to leave. Not like this. Not with us angry at each other. I wanted to understand why she'd sent the emails to her work email. I wanted to know how she could kiss me and make love to me with eyes full of light and emotion if she was using me. I pulled out my phone and decided to send her an email.

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: Dirty Video

Hannah,

I think you should know that there is a p**n ographic video of us having sex on my desk escalating around the office. A couple of people have seen it, but my father is taking care of it. I just thought you should know.

Leo Maxwell

I hit send and stared at my phone, wondering if she was going to respond. There was a reply about two minutes later.

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: Does this mean we are p**n stars?

Leo,

Thanks for letting me know. How embarrassing! I hope this doesn't mean we're going to turn up on You p**n ?

Hannah

I laughed as I read her email and responded right away.

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: How do you know about You p**n ?

Hannah,

I don't know that anyone wants to watch our sex tape. This also means that you will not be able to get me fired. Just wanted to let you know. The emails to HR would help.

Leo

Your boss

I pressed send, feeling angry. Let's see what she would say to that!

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: If you come over tonight, I might let you know

Leo,

There are so many things we need to talk about, but I don't think email is the way. I'm sorry that I hurt you. I hope you give me a chance to explain. I miss my stallion and I miss you.

Always,

Hannah

Your not very good assistant

I stared at the email in confusion. What was she talking about? What did she want to explain? I was about to email her back when I got a text message.

"It's me."

"Yes?"

"Are you mad I'm breaking all the rules?"

"What do you want?" I typed angrily.

"To talk."

"About?"

"Us."

"There is no us. We f**ked a few times and that's it."

"I'm going to let that one go."

"Let what go?" I frowned into the phone. Who did she think she was?

"I'd like you to meet my friend Lisa."

"Ok? Why?"

"And I'd like to meet your friends."

"Are you out of your mind?" Was Hannah psychotic? Why would she think I'd have any interest meeting any of her friends or allowing her to meet mine?

"Perhaps."

"Hannah, I suggest you get professional help." I typed and pressed send and drank some more beer. Had losing this job made her go literally crazy?

Ding Dong.

"Go and get the door please, Leo." Zane asked me and I walked to the front door.

"Who else is coming?" I muttered as I walked through the large home and opened the front door. "You." I stared at Hannah in shock. She was standing there with another girl, who looked like she'd just been called to appear on The Price is Right.

"Hi." She said softly.

"What are you doing here? Do I need to call the police? Are you stalking me?" I stared at her beautiful face and tried to think about something other than her lips on my cock.

"Can we come in?"

"Hi Leo." The girl pushed past me. "I'm Lisa, I'm sure Hannah's told you all about me." She grinned. "This house is beautiful." She nodded as she looked around. "I'm impressed."

"Okay?" I frowned at her. "Thanks, I guess."

"Is the man of the house home?" She grinned and I shook my head.

"He is, but so is his wife." I said loudly and she sighed loudly.

"Go figure. Just my luck."

"Lisa." Hannah sighed. "Ignore her please. She doesn't realize how bad she sounds."

"I guess I see why you're both friends." I stared back at her. "I guess it takes one gold-digger to know another gold-digger."

"What?" Lisa's jaw dropped. "You said what?" She stepped towards me, the smile gone.

"Lisa, it's okay. We'll let him have that." Hannah stepped forward. "Go and find Lucky and introduce yourself. I need to talk to Leo."

"How do you know Lucky?" My eyes narrowed as I stared at her. Shit, was this some Fatal Attraction shit?

"She came to the office yesterday." She touched my arm.

"Oh?" I frowned. "Why?"

"She wanted to talk to me." She sighed. "She had a feeling we had our signals mixed up."

"What signals?"

"I never planned on sending those emails to HR, Leo." She sighed. "I don't even remember why I forwarded them to myself now. I never used you. I didn't want to get you fired. I didn't want to blackmail you. I wasn't with you because you were the boss's son. I really liked you. I know, I know, I wasn't supposed to like you as more than friends with benefits, but I did. I really liked you and I was hurt when I thought you'd used me to get the Martin account."

"I never used you." My mind was racing as she spoke to me.

"I know that now, but when you stopped talking to me and grew all cold, I thought it was because of what you'd done. I thought you were treating me bad because I found out the truth."

"I never would have taken you to New York if I'd know Rob Martin was going to do that. That was not a ploy of mine, Hannah. I would never do that to you."

"I know." She sighed. "I know. I just wish you believed that I was never going to send those emails."

"It hurt me." I sighed. "I didn't understand. I still don't understand why you forwarded them."

"I don't know." She bit her lower lip. "I'm sorry."

"It's okay. I believe you." I pulled her into my arms and gave her a quick hug. I could feel a part of my heart melting as I felt her warmth next to me.

"I was so scared you were going to chase me out of here." She smiled weakly as she stepped back.

"There was a moment there that I was thinking about calling the police." I laughed. "I was thinking has Hannah lost it?"

"Lucky came to see me. She wanted us to talk. She invited me here." She said softly.

"Sounds like Lucky." I smiled and shook my head. "She doesn't know how to mind her own business."

"I'm glad she doesn't." Hannah smiled. "Work will be so much better on Monday."

"Oh yeah." I cocked my head and smiled at her.

"Unless you want to fire me of course?"

"No, I don't want to fire you."

"It's going to be so embarrassing thought." She made a face. "I can't believe we made a sex tape and I haven't even seen it."

"We could make another one." I said softly.

"What?" She breathed out.

"Maybe we could make another one, if you want."

"Do friends with benefits make sex tapes?" She asked and looked down.

"No." I stepped forward and took her hands into mine. "Friends with benefits don't make sex tapes, but boyfriends and girlfriends do."

"Oh?" She looked up at me, her eyes wide and uncertain. As I stared into her open and honest face, I wondered how I could have doubted her. What had I been thinking? Hannah was the last person that would attempt something deceitful.

"Yes, I'd like you to be my girlfriend Hannah Will."

"What rules come along with being your girlfriend?" She asked, grinning at me.

"You must answer all my calls, you must text me, you must email me, and we must have sex everywhere and everyone in the office has to know." I grinned. "Oh and you must meet and hang out with my friends and family."

"Hmm, are you sure you're not just saying that because you feel bad about the sex tape?"

"Is that what you think?" I stared into her eyes and kissed her lightly. "Do you think that's why I'm asking you to be my girlfriend?"

"No." She said breathlessly as she kissed me back.

"So is that a yes?"

"Yes, Leo Maxwell, I will be your girlfriend."

"Good." I grinned and pushed her back against the door. "I wonder if we can get away with a quickie?" I ran my hands down her waist and leaned in to kiss her again.

"What's a quickie, Uncle Leo?" Skylar's voice squeaked behind me and I jumped back.

"Skylar." I groaned and ran my hands through my hair. "This is my girlfriend, Hannah. Hannah, this is Skylar, she's Noah's daughter."

"Nice to meet you, Skylar." Hannah grinned at the little girl, a red hue on her face. I grabbed her hand and pulled her into the kitchen.

"Come on, let me introduce you to everyone. Don't be surprised if you see some people fainting from shock though. I've sworn for years that I wasn't going to get a girlfriend."

"I'm glad you changed your mind." She squeezed my hand. "I'm glad you've let me in Leo."

"My heart was guarded." I stopped and stared into her eyes. "It's been guarded for a long time, but now, now that I've met you, I know that it doesn't have to be guarded any longer." I pulled her towards me and kissed her on the lips hard, enjoying the taste of her against my lips. "I really like you, Hannah Will. I really really like you."

"I really like you too, Leo Maxwell." She kissed me back eagerly and I frowned.

"Hmm."

"What's wrong?" She looked worried.

"I don't think I'm being honest." I stared into her brown eyes and kissed her nose softly. "I think I more than like you, Hannah. I think I'm falling in love with you."

"Oh." Her eyes looked surprised and she smiled at me with a dazed expression.

"Oh?" I licked my lips.

"Oh, I think I'm falling in love with you as well, Mr. Leo Maxwell. I think I fell for you the day I met you." She said softly. "My new big macho boss." She grinned. "I think it was love at first sight, only I was too annoyed to know it."

"Good." I ran my fingers down her back. "I think I fell in love with you the moment I found out you hated your new boss and your new boss was me."

"Argh, don't remind me." She groaned.

"Aren't you glad I took your job now?" I asked softly and she laughed.

"Yes, my darling. I'm very glad you stole my job."

"I didn't say stole, you little-" I grabbed her ass and she ran away from me.

"Leo, stop." She giggled as she ran into the kitchen.

"I'll never stop." I followed her into the kitchen, my heart soaring. "I don't think I'll ever stop loving you." I whispered under my breath as I watched Hannah hugging Lucky. This was my family and my heart felt full and heavy. This was my family. This was my life. I had nothing to fear. I was loved and I loved. I watched Hannah chatting and laughing with Lucky and I knew in that moment that one day Hannah was going to be my wife. I knew it in my heart and my soul. Hannah was the one for me. She was the one that I'd been waiting for and I didn't even know it.

Chapter Sixteen

Hannah

The whispers in the office alerted me to the fact that more than just a couple of people had seen or heard about my sex tape. Awkward didn't even begin to describe the way I felt as I rode up to my office in the elevator. I walked down the hallway quickly, my heart racing with shame and then I saw him and burst out laughing.

"Leo, what are you doing?" I giggled as he walked towards me in his French Maid's outfit. "What are you wearing?"

"I figured you'd be worried that people were talking about you today." He laughed. "And I thought what's the best way to get people to stop talking about you? I'll have them talk about someone else. And who was the best person for the job?" He spun around and dusted my nose with the feather duster he held in his right hand.

"You're crazy, you know that right?" I leaned forward and gave him a quick kiss. "Are you wearing lipstick?" I touched his lips as I pulled back.

"Well you know. What's dressing up without makeup?"

"Leo Maxwell, what am I going to do with you?" I shook my head and gasped as he pulled me towards him roughly.

"I can think of many things you can do with me." He sucked on my lower lip. "In fact, I can think of one I'd like to do right now?"

"Really?" Leo's dads voice boomed into the room as he walked in and saw us. I jumped back in fright, my face turning red as he stared at the both of us with narrowed eyes. "The two of you are the talk of the office and you're in here making out."

"Dad," Leo began and stopped as his dad put his hand up.

"And what are you wearing son?" He frowned and stared at Leo in his outfit. He turned towards me and stared at me for a few seconds. "What have you done to my son?"

"I, uh," I stumbled over my words. This was it then. I was about to be fired. I was a little worried, but not upset. Not now that I knew Leo liked me. Not now I knew we were officially dating. I'd find another job, somewhere. Even if that meant I had to work in Target to pay the bills, until I found something else.

"Whatever it is that you're doing, don't stop." He grinned suddenly. "I've never seen my boy so happy."

"Dad?" Leo sounded as shocked as I felt.

"I know you think I'm all business and a fuddy duddy, but I want to see you happy Leo. I've never seen you so happy. I don't think I've ever seen you in a relationship before." He looked at me. "I want to apologize to you, Hannah. I said some things to Leo and I'm not proud of myself. I've looked over your resume and you're an extremely bright and intelligent woman. I want you to know that I've spoken to HR and we're going to follow your work and see if we have any positions coming up."

"Did you do this?" I turned to Leo with a frown. I didn't want him to get me a promotion because I was dating him.

"Nope." He shook his head. "I've had nothing to do with this. You know that Hannah. I've been with you all weekend." He winked at me and I blushed.

"He's right." Mr. Maxwell nodded. "This is something I've been thinking about. To be honest, I didn't even know you and my son were so into each other until right now. I mean, yes there was the video, but I wasn't sure if that was just a dalliance."

"It wasn't a dalliance dad. Hannah and I are dating." Leo grabbed my hand.

"So does that mean, I might still have a shot at being a grandad?"

"Dad, really?" Leo rolled his eyes and I felt my face going even redder. "You're embarrassing Hannah."

"I'm fine." I smiled weakly and I felt Leo's arm around my waist.

"I also wanted you both to know that I've decided not to accept Rob Martin's offer." He looked Leo in the eyes. "You were right my son. That's not the sort of man I want to be associated with."

"Wow." I turned to Leo. "I'm impressed." I gave him a huge grin and then turned back to his dad. "And thank you, Mr. Maxwell, that means so much to be. I have to admit I was a bit upset when Leo showed up and took over this position. And I was a bit hostile, but you made the right choice. He's fantastic in this role and I think he'll make a fine CEO one day." My heart surged as I realized just how much Leo meant to me. I'd been so wrong about him. I'd judged him without even knowing him and I'd been wrong.

"You're a fine woman, Hannah Will." He smiled at me. "Now excuse me, I have a lot of emails to respond to." He turned to walk away and then stopped at the door. "Oh and Leo, don't show up in a strippers outfit tomorrow." He said and then walked out the door.

Leo and I looked at each other for a couple of seconds and then burst out laughing.

"I love your dad." I put my arms around his neck and kissed him softly.

"He's not a bad guy, I suppose." He kissed me back passionately and sucked on my tongue as his hand massaged my ass. I ran my hands down his back and groaned as his hand found my breast and squeezed.

"Leo," I moaned against his lips. "I think I should go and get your coffee now."

"I'd rather drink something else." His fingers ran up my thigh as he pushed my skirt up.

"Leo." I moaned as he ran his fingers between my legs.

"Yes, Hannah my darling?"

"I don't think this is a good idea." I moved his apron to the side and grabbed his crotch. He was already slightly hard and I sighed. "We already have one sex tape out there, we don't need to give people anything else to talk about."

"Are you upset?" He pulled back and looked into my eyes. "I can go and tell everyone that they will be fired if they talk about the tape."

"No. I'm more embarrassed that people have seen it." I bit down on my lower lip.

"Oh." He ran his fingers down the side of my face. "Only a few people saw it and then my dad had it deleted permanently from the system."

"It's still so embarrassing." I groaned.

"Does it make you feel better to know that the only thing in the video was your back and groans and some full frontal shots of me?" He smiled. "You couldn't actually see any of the f**king in the tape."

"Oh, I didn't know that." I felt lighter. "That does make me feel better."

"Better enough to give me a blowjob?"

"No!" I laughed.

"What about a quickie?"

"Hmmm." I licked my lips. "I'll let you know."

"When?" He pouted and I laughed at the look that he made.

"After you walk around the building. Once you do that, I'll give you ten minutes to do whatever you want."

"I love you women, you do know that right?" He growled and pulled me towards him. "And when you say anything you mean anything right?"

"Yes, Leo." I laughed and kissed him softly. "I do mean everything."

Epilogue

Six Months Later

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: Have a great first day

Hannah,

I woke up this morning and you weren't in the bed. I think I cried a little bit, but then I saw the coffee at the side of the bed and my heart melted. OMG, I just realized I sound like a girl. What have you done to me?

Oh yeah, have a great first day as a manager! I'll miss you, but am glad you got a job better suited to your skills.

Leo

No Longer Your Boss

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: Not a girl, a baby

Leo,

I wish I could say that I'm sad I'm not your assistant, but I think the only thing I'm going to miss is morning breakfast and for some reason I think you're still going to make sure I'm fed. I'm glad you enjoyed your coffee. I'll have a pot waiting for you in the office as well. No need to cry. I'm in the office next to you. I'm sure you'll see me just as much as you did before.

Hannah

P.S. Why aren't you at work yet?

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: Being The Boss's son has its perks

Hannah,

Have your assistant schedule me in for a 4pm appointment. I need to speak to you about something very important. Oh who am I kidding? I want to have hot sex on your desk. We need to christen it.

Leo

P.S. I miss you

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: I miss you too

Sex Addict,

I've scheduled you in for 4pm. How long do you need? Ten minutes or five? :)

Also, Lucky called me, she wants to know if we can babysit David and Ruby-Lane this weekend because she wants to surprise Zane with a trip to Napa. I said I'd check with you, but I didn't see a problem. Let me know.

Missing you.

Hannah

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: Am I about to be a dad?

Are you trying to tell me you're pregnant???

Leo

Possible Baby Daddy

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: Idiot

Leo,

You're an idiot. I am not pregnant! And if I was, you would be the daddy, not the possible daddy! Ass! And stop calling me.

Hannah

Your soon to be ex girlfriend

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: I love you

I was joking! Don't ever say soon to be ex girlfriend. Or I will come into your office and show you just how wrong that is. Tell Lucky of course we'll look after her brats. Just as long as they don't cry all night. And answer the phone, I want to tell you how much I love you.

Leo

Your soon to be husband and baby daddy

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: Making Me Cry

Thank you for the roses and the candy. I cried. I know, I know. I'm a baby. You're so sweet. I love you, Leo Maxwell. And don't you know better than to talk about babies to a broody girlfriend. I might stop taking my pill.

Hannah

Soon to be baby momma

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: Meet me at Noon

I'll be by the elevator. And don't worry, I don't want to try to have sex again. At least not at this time. I'll wait until you've been a manager for longer. Or maybe I'll wait until you're my boss. Then you'll be sexually harassing me.

Love you my sexy soon to be baby momma.

Leo

I am man, hear me roar

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: Lucky and Zane are coming by

I LOVE YOU!! How could you surprise me like that? This is the best day ever. I can't believe you kept this a secret. I love the ring. It fits perfectly. I'm crying again. My makeup must look awful. And in case you didn't hear my screams the first time. YES. YES. YES. I will marry you.

Your fiance,

Hannah

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: Can I be any happier??

I feel like I'm living in heaven right now. Can life get any better than this? I'm crying as well right now. Well, maybe not, but I'm happier than I've ever been in my life. I can't wait to call you my wife.

Leo

P.S. Ask Zane to not rub it in my face

To: Leo Maxwell

From: Hannah Will

Re: Lisa wants to know if she can have a black card

Lisa told me to ask you if she can have a black Amex. :) And if the answer is no, she said can you please find her a man. I said I'd see what I can do. Haha.

By the way, the next time you come into my office for a quickie, it has to be a quickie. An hour and a half isn't a quickie. Just in case you didn't know.

Love you!

To: Hannah Will

From: Leo Maxwell

Re: Forever starts today

Tell Lisa that I'll give her a black Amex the day she can afford her own rent. I do not want her living with us when we get married, which I expect to be soon, btw. I'd like to vacation in Hawaii. There's a certain waterfall I want to make love under. Also, what do you want for dinner tonight?

I love you more!!

Leo

"Meet me outside my door."

"Yes, Leo."

"Hurry."

"I'm coming."

"I sure hope not. I'm not there."

"Funny."

"Hurry up, I want to go home and make love to my beautiful fiance."

"I'm on the way."

"Yes!"

"You're not going to email and text me all day, every day, are you??"

"It's not against the rules is it?"

"Never."

"Good, you know I can't follow rules anyway."

"I know. :)"

"Just for that, we're going to christen the elevator."

"Leo!!"

"Yes! That's what I want you to scream when I make you come in five minutes."

"I'll be there in ten seconds."

"That's what I like to hear."

"I love you."

"I love you more."

"I love you even more."

"I love you to the moon and back."

"I love you to Pluto."

"I love you to Eternity."

"I love you to infinity."

"I love you to the edges of the earth."

"I love you with every beat of my heart."

"I love you Hannah Will."

"I love you Leo Maxwell."

"I'm so glad you're going to be my wife."

"I'm so glad you're going to be my husband."

"Taking your job was the best thing I've ever done in my life. You've made all my dreams come true, Hannah. Know my heart will always be yours, to do with what you will. I will love you forever and I will never be guarded around you. You're my everything Hannah. You're the beat in my heart. I love you."

