Chapter 1

They say that you never know the exact minute your life has changed; that circumstances and situations happen and one day you wake up and you just feel differently. It's meant to be gradual-a shift in your life is like the rotation of the sun, it happens so slowly that you barely know it's happening. That's not how it happened for me. I know the exact time and day that my life changed.

I'm just a small town girl with an average life, though I always dreamed of more. I wanted to be a famous Hollywood actress, the darling of America, with men lining up to date me. Only I'd never acted, not even in school plays. In fact, I didn't even like acting-or actors. I thought they were pretentious. I just wanted the admiration and the love that came with the profession. I suppose it has to do with my childhood. At least, that's what the psychology books tell me.

I'm a bit of a psychology buff. Not from choice really, but from fate. You see I work in a library and we recently got a huge donation of psychology books from some old guy who became a famous psychologist and was from our town. He was 'giving back'. Nelly, the librarian, acted like she was happy but I know she would have preferred a cash donation. Now that would have been really giving back.

It was the day that the thousands of psychology books arrived that my life changed. I was in charge of stacking all of the books in our new self-help section, when Mary Macalister walked up to me and asked me the time. It was 1.37pm. She thanked me and walked back to her group of friends, a group of girls I'd gone to High School with-none of them were my friends though. They stood there, laughing and gossiping about college stuff. They were all juniors at the University of Iowa, back home in our small town of Jonesville on Christmas vacation.

I watched them curiously, looking to see how'd they changed. These were the popular girls from school-you know them, all blonde, all cute, all skinny and all of them had a brain about the size of a pea. Well, some of them had larger brains, but you know what I mean. They were all younger than me, by a year or two, but I still knew them-in a town as small as ours, you knew everyone who was within a few years of you.

"Did you hear that Bryce Evans was back in town?" one of the girls giggled to Mary, the de facto leader of the group. I looked at my watch to pretend I wasn't eavesdropping. It was 1.40pm. I look back at that time as the moment my heart stopped beating for ten seconds.

"No; does Suzannah know?" Mary asked giggly blond #1.

"I don't know." Giggle, giggle. I wanted to ask her what was so funny. "Shall we call and ask her?"

"No." Mary smiled, slyly. "She had her chance. Now it's my turn." She turned to the gaggle of geese, I mean the other girls around her, and drew them in close to her. "Let's go shopping. I need to get a new outfit to wow Bryce in."

"Okay, Mary," they all chimed together and waddled out of the library. I stood there, watching them leave, and smiled slowly.

Bryce Evans was back. I felt excited and disappointed all at the same time. It didn't really matter if he was back. We weren't friends. He had no reason to call me and I had no reason to call him-unless I wanted to come clean about the letters. I didn't. Well, part of me wanted to, but I didn't really know what that would accomplish.

But, wow, Bryce was back. Jonesville High School Quarterback extraordinaire. The pride and joy of our town. I wouldn't be surprised if there was a town party that weekend; his dad was the mayor after all. I sighed and went back to stacking books. Even if I wanted to go I knew that I couldn't, even if some miracle happened and I was actually invited. But I knew that there was no way that my mom would be alright with that. No way at all.

***

I drove to the dog pound when I got off of work. That's where my best friend Anna works. We've been best friends since Kindergarten and we've never left Jonesville. After High School, we both went to the local community college and got jobs doing things we loved. I went to work at the library and she worked at Jonesville Animal Services.

We lived at home with our parents, watched 'The Bachelor' and split large pizzas. Our lives were simple and uneventful and they always had been. We were the invisible girls. sThe ones who never got noticed. We just sort of blended in. But we never spoke about it. It was just the way things were. We accepted our lot in life. I mean, we were really happy with how life had turned out for us.

Well, I wasn't really happy. Really happy would be a hot guy noticing me and, just once, giving me that look that screamed, "Wow, you are hot and I want you right now." That's never happened to me though.

I waited in my car until Anna came out and she jumped into my 1998 Ford Escort with a huge smile. "Bongo got adopted today," she grinned.

"Finally, I thought you were going to add a 4th dog to your crew." I smiled, happy that Bongo wasn't going to be joining Anna's circus of animals.

"I don't think my dad would have approved." She laughed and I joined in. Anna's dad, Dr. Ross, had told her that she couldn't bring any more animals into the home, which I think was perfectly understandable. She did have three dogs, two cats, two rabbits, a canary and a hamster. Her house was like a zoo and smelled like one too, though I tried not to say anything when we hung out.

"So who adopted Bongo?" I asked, wondering who had been crazy enough to adopt the crazy mutt who chased everything at 50 mph, while barking up a storm. The only reason why people weren't scared of him was because he was small, a terrier mix of some sort. But he was crazy. Literally crazy. I think he should have been prescribed doggy Xanax, but who am I to say anything?

"Luke." She grinned at me.

"Oh no. You talked Luke into adopting him?" I sighed. "That means I am likely going to be the one who has to take care of him."

"Well he was the only one I could convince," she grinned. "And you know Bongo needed a forever home."

"Argh, Anna, I could kill you," I groaned and started the car. "Did he pick him up already?"

"Yes." Anna pulled out her phone. "Shall I tell him we're coming over?"

"Let's go for a shake first." I looked at my friend and smiled. "I have something to tell you before we go to Luke's."

"Wait, what?" Anna frowned at me and leaned towards me. I knew she was curious as to what I had to tell her that I didn't want Luke to hear. Luke was our other best friend. Well, that's not exactly true. He was my other best friend. Luke and I had been friends since Sixth Grade. He and I shared a love of books and he had wormed his way into our little circle. Anna and Luke had never grown as close as he and I had, but they weren't enemies or anything. I had a feeling that Anna had a crush on Luke, but she had never actually admitted that to me.

"Bryce Evans is back in town." I kept my face looking forward as I said the words. I wasn't sure whether my beating heart or Anna's gasp was louder.

"No way." Anna's voice was shocked and breathless and I grinned to myself.

"Yes. Mary Macalister and her posse came into the library today and I heard them talking about it."

"So he's back for good?"

"I don't know."

"Did he leave the army?"

"How would I know?" I sighed, exasperated.

"Is he going to go to college?"

"Anna," I shouted. "How would I know any of that?"

"Sorry." Her voice was small. "What are you going to do?"

"There isn't really much I can do." I bit my lip. "But we need to create a plan anyways."

"Okay." Anna paused. "Are you going to tell him about the letters?"

"Anna." I shushed her. "You know we can't talk about the letters."

"Luke's not here," she sighed.

"There are listening ears everywhere, Anna." I pulled into Steak N Shake. "We only talk about the letters in my room, in my house." I paused. "With the windows and the doors shut tightly."

"OMG, you would think you were in the CIA or FBI, Lexi. No one cares."

"You know it can't get out, Anna."

"Why not?" She frowned. "It's not really a big deal."

"Anna." I frowned at her saddened. She knew how important the letters had been to me. How I kept them in a locked box under my bed. I think they were my most prized possession.

"Fine." She pulled out her phone. "I need to text Luke and tell him that we won't be over for a while."

"What? Why?" I looked at her, confused.

"I kind of told him we'd come over to play with him and Bongo when you picked me up from work."

"Of course you did," I laughed. "Don't tell me Luke thinks I'm going to bring food over as well?"

"No." Her voice was low.

"That's a yes." I rolled my eyes and sighed. "Anna, you do know that I now own a dog thanks to you."

"Maybe Luke will look after him?"

"Yeah, right." I tried to pretend I was angry, but I was too happy to do a good job. I told you my acting skills weren't that great.

"You know you and Luke spend every day together anyways." Anna smiled at me and looked at me with wistful eyes.

"Yeah, I guess so," I laughed. Luke and his parents had moved next door to my mother and I when we were in 9th Grade and we did see each other almost every day. Honestly, I had seen him every day since he moved in, except for one summer when he had gone camping without me. We had bedrooms that faced each other and sometimes we spent nights talking on our walkie-talkies to each other. Luke was the male version of me-only he was taller, smarter and more sensible.

"Did he make a decision about moving to Boston yet?"

"No," I frowned. "I told him he should go."

"You'll miss him though?" Ana opened the door for me and we sat down in a booth.

"Of course I will. But MIT. That's an awesome, awesome opportunity."

"Yeah." She studied the menu. "And he can afford it now."

"Yeah." I felt a sudden dullness in my heart. Luke had gotten into MIT when we graduated from high school, but he hadn't been able to afford the tuition. His dad had been laid off from his job at the post office and his mother was a CNA so there wasn't much they could do to help.

So he had enrolled at the community college with Anna and I and started his own computer software company. He had graduated with his AA after one year and had made oodles of money creating educational software and selling them to some fancy internet company in San Francisco. He had paid off his parents' mortgage and was now working on some new software for an online dating agency.

And now MIT was interested in him again, in fact, they had come wooing him. I was proud of my friend, but was scared to think about what my life would be like if he left Jonesville.

"Are you ever going to tell Luke about your letters to Bryce?"

"Maybe," I sighed. "I just don't think he'll understand. He'll think I'm sappy."

"I think he would be happy to hear you were interested in a new guy."

"Not really. Not after what happened in high school. He doesn't really like Bryce. And he would not understand why some fake letters were important to me."

"The letters weren't fake!"

"Well, you know, my persona was. Who knows if Bryce would have responded if he had known it was me-Lexi Lord?"

"You think he would have ignored you?" Anna looked perplexed.

"No," I laughed. "I doubt he even knows who Lexi Lord is." I was being honest. Bryce Evans. Star Quarterback. Golden boy of Jonesville. Son of the mayor. Gorgeous stud. Bryce, the guy I had daydreamed about every day in high school, likely had no idea who I was. I doubt he would recognize my name or my face. And why would he? We didn't hang out in the same circles. We'd never had the same friends. We had only ever had one real conversation, and that was on a night I hated to think about. It was the worst and best night of my life.

"Don't look now," Anna hissed at me from across the table. I looked at her in confusion.

"What?" I said, loudly. "I didn't really hear what you said."

"I said, don't look now," she whispered loudly and, of course, I immediately looked around the room.

My heart stopped before I saw him. I guess my body knew before my brain did. It was like I was tuned into him on some deeper level. I couldn't stop myself from staring. There, standing at the counter, was Bryce Evans. He was by himself and his back was to me, but I knew it was him. I would recognize the back of his body anywhere. Even though he had cut off all of his hair.

I guess the army made him do it, which was a shame. He had had gorgeous, golden-blond tresses in high school-he'd looked more like a surfer than a football player. But now he had a buzz cut.

It was as if he had sensed me staring at him, because he turned around slowly, frowning, and looked around the restaurant. I was caught off guard and our eyes met. I stared at his face and was captivated by the deep lines of stress on his face. Bryce had aged past his twenty-three years. He looked at least thirty.

He was dark tan in color and his blue eyes looked subdued. They had lost their usual sparkle, that playful glint that had had all the girls and teachers captivated. He was wearing a pair of faded blue jeans and a white tee shirt and I thought to myself that I had never seen such a great outfit on a guy. But I guessed that was because this was Bryce.

He frowned at me one more time, before turning back around, and I averted my gaze and turned back to Anna.

"So I guess he's really back, huh?" She smiled at me while studying my face. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah. Of course. I'm fine," I lied to Anna. I was disappointed. I had hoped, no matter what I had said to Anna, that Bryce would have somehow known that the letters were from me. That he would have figured it out. That when he saw me, something would have clicked in him and he would have known. That I was the girl he had exchanged letters with for two years. The girl he had said helped him get through the war; who he owed his life to.

I wished he had known it was me; I wished that he had come running up to me and gathered me into his arms and plastered me with kisses. That had been my dream ever since we had stopped writing. Well, ever since I had stopped writing. And this was why. Because I knew that, to me, his letters had meant the world. But to him-to him, I was nothing but a random girl with a PO Box who had decided to start writing a soldier.

"Lexi, are you okay?" Anna reached over the table and grasped my hand.

"Yes, of course." I smiled at her, tightly, blinking away the tears in my eyes that wanted to fall.

"You didn't expect him to come over and say hi did you, Lex?" Anna looked at me with wide, worried eyes.

"No." I lied as I studied her face hard.

"Lexi!" Anna bit her lip and I smiled at her, softly. She knew me too well. I studied her face to stop thinking about Bryce and my disappointment. She was really quite pretty, in a demure way. She had shoulder length brown hair and light brown eyes, with a spattering of freckles across her cheeks. She was average height and build and, while some people may say she had an average look, I only saw her as beautiful. She was one of those girls who would be beautiful if she wore some makeup and better fitting clothes. But she just didn't care about that stuff.

"It's okay." I couldn't stop myself from looking at Bryce again and saw him walking towards Anna and I. My breath caught in my mouth as I wondered if he was coming to talk to us. Were my dreams about to come true?

"Lexi, stop staring," Anna hissed. But I couldn't stop myself. I couldn't drag my eyes away from him. My eyes were hungry to take in his appearance. This was the face I had dreamt about for years.

"Hi." He smiled and nodded at me as he walked past our table and I thought I was going to die, or faint. Neither of those things ended up happening but I felt a surge of electricity run through me. Every nerve in my body was excited and on edge.

"Hi." My voice squeaked as I answered him, but he had already passed our table. I turned to look at Anna and she stared back at me with a gob smacked look on her face.

"He said hi," she squealed. "He said hi."

"Anna, I think I am going to throw up." I pressed the bottle of ketchup that was on the table to my forehead and closed my eyes to replay the scene in my head. Bryce Evans had smiled and said hi to me. I wasn't sure if he recognized me from high school or if he had some karmic intuition that told him who I was. All I knew was that I wasn't invisible anymore.

"We have to go." Anna jumped up and dropped $10 on the table. "Pay me back later, Lexi." She pulled my arm up and we ran out of the restaurant and into the parking lot. I ran to my car with my arms in the air and screamed with excitement. I screamed so loudly that I could see an elderly couple across the street looking at me with concern, but I didn't care. I suddenly felt alive and hopeful. Maybe I did have a chance with Bryce. Maybe, just maybe, I could become the girl everyone wanted to be. The girl I wanted to be.

Chapter 2

I couldn't look up from the steering wheel. Not even when I heard the screams of some silly schoolgirl. I knew I should look up to see if everything was okay, but I couldn't. The sweat from my forehead dripped onto the leather wheel. My hands felt clammy. I knew I was having a panic attack.

I breathed in and out, like the doctor had told me to do. Everything would be okay. I just needed to focus. It was strange being back in Jonesville. It was like going back to watch an old movie from childhood. On first appearance, everything was similar and the same and then, the more you observed and listened, the more you wondered if you had ever really seen the movie before.

My dad had been happy to see me home. It was an election year and I was going to be a great boost to his campaign. He had already asked me to attend some town hall meetings with him. He wanted everyone to see that his son had returned from war, from serving his country. And, of course, they would all come, because they loved me. I was Bryce Evans, football star, and son of the mayor. I could do no wrong in anyone's eyes. I truly was the golden boy-or so they thought. They had no idea that, behind my blue eyes and blond hair, I was someone no one really knew. That behind my handsome face, there was a man who was ashamed of so many things.

After a few minutes, I lifted my head and sat upright in my car. I looked around it with a quick smile. It was as I remembered it-musty, cool, secretive. Dad had given me this Mustang when I got my driver's license. I had lost my virginity in this car. I had smoked my first joint in this car. And I had turned down a full ride to Notre Dame in this car. Sometimes I felt like this car was my home.

I was glad to see that Dad hadn't sold it when I went away. He had been so mad at me, so distraught that I had turned down a full ride and a spot on the football team at Notre Dame to join the Marines. He couldn't believe that I was one of the few, the proud, the brave, and the courageous. No one had understood why I had made the decision. But maybe that was because I had never told anyone why.

I suppose it was because it was a decision I had never thought I was going to make. I had pretty much had my bags packed for Notre Dame until that night. I had had my life outlined, mapped in my head. I knew who I was, where I was going and I didn't care who got caught up in my web. I was the golden boy to everyone in Jonesville, but I had had a dark side.

I suppose it was inevitable that someone like me, who had been given so much, would turn out the way that I did. At least, that was what the doctor had said. But at least I had realized the path I was on before it was too late. That night I made a decision that changed my life. I had to.

But it didn't make me proud or happy. It didn't make me think I was a good man. It only emphasized to me just how f**ked up I was. And I was reliving those emotions all over again.

Why had I gone to Steak N Shake? I had known, as soon as I entered the restaurant, that something was different. And when I had turned around and seen her face, I had felt panicked. She had been staring at me like she knew everything. I couldn't face her, so I had turned around quickly, heart straining from the pressure. I knew that I was going into panic mode as soon as I felt my body go cold. I had had to walk out of the restaurant quickly. I suppose I'm a sucker for drama, because I had walked past her table and smiled. She had looked at me like a lost lamb.

I was mad at myself for saying hi. I should have ignored her. But I couldn't. Her brown eyes had stared at me with the same look they had had that night, all those years ago.

I felt like she knew. Which I knew wasn't possible. There was no way that she could have known. For all I knew, she thought of me as her savior. That was how the evening had gone down after all. I had looked like the golden boy once again. But it had been my entire fault in the first place. But she had looked at me that night with such innocence and trust. That look had struck at my heart. It had pierced my hurt, evil veil and awakened me. And I thought that perhaps I had been given a second chance to make everything all right. And then the accident had happened. At least, they said it was an accident. I didn't think it was. And that was my fault as well. And it was then that I knew I had to give my life. It was the least I could do. I had to go away and fight for my country and if I died, that would have been the least I could have done to atone for what I had done.

It had been a mistake for me to come back to Jonesville. It had brought back too many memories, memories I had spent the last four years trying to rid myself of. Only, the dull pain that lit up my heart was accompanied by something else, a strange emotion that I didn't recognize. I closed my eyes and breathed in and out again. Darkness and then her face greeted me. The face that had haunted me every night of my stay away from this place. I couldn't believe that I had seen her. Lexi Lord. The girl who had turned my world upside down.

My ringing phone interrupted me from my dark thoughts and I sighed when I saw Suzannah's name. "Hello?" I tried to keep my tone upbeat.

"Bryce?" she giggled. I had no idea what was so funny.

"Yes?" I wasn't going to give her the benefit of the doubt and let her know I knew it was her.

"It's Suzannah."

I didn't answer and there was a moment of silence. "Your girlfriend." She giggled again. "Well, your ex-girlfriend."

"Oh, hi Suzannah." I kept my tone polite.

"I heard you're back in town?" Giggle.

"Yes."

"You didn't call?"

"Why would I call you?" My tone was not so pleasant. I couldn't believe that she had the gall to act upset. She is the one who never once wrote me a letter or called me once I shipped off to boot camp. As soon as I announced I wasn't going to Notre Dame, she had pretty much dumped me. I guess a boyfriend in the military hadn't been a part of her plan.

"Oh Bryce, don't be silly," she giggled. "We loved each other once."

I sighed and kept my mouth shut. Who was I to ruin her dream of the past? I wanted to tell her that sex wasn't love, but I knew that was unkind and I was trying very hard to not be that person.

"Can I help you, Suzannah?"

"Well, Mary told me that your dad is going to have a party and I was wondering if you would be comfortable with me coming?"

"Why wouldn't I?" My question was legitimate. It had been four years. I was over her betrayal by now. In fact, I was glad that she hadn't waited for me.

"I'm sorry about Eddie."

"It doesn't matter." My jaw clenched as she mentioned his name.

"Bryce, I hope you don't blame me." Her voice was serious now.

"Look, Suzannah. I don't mind if you come to the party, okay? But I have to go."

"Can I call you later?"

"Yeah, sure, whatever." I sighed and hung up. I rubbed my throbbing temples and sighed. It had been a mistake coming back to Jonesville. A huge mistake. I had never planned on it. When I left, I had sworn that I would never go back again. But I couldn't stop myself. Not when the letters had stopped coming. I knew I had to come back to town and find out whom the sender of the letters had been. Who the girl of my dreams was. The one who seemed to understand what it was like to be lost and lonely on the inside when everyone thought you had it together on the outside. I had no name to go by as she had signed her letters simply as Miss and I had no street address as she had used a PO Box.

My first mission was going to be trying to get the name of the person the PO Box belonged to and to take it from there. I had to know who the girl was who had made things bearable for me at war. Who the girl was who had crushed me when she had stopped writing. I'd sent exactly ten letters, that had gone unanswered, before I had given up. Part of me was scared that she had died, or that something bad had happened to her. I just wanted to make sure that she was okay.

At least, that was what I had told myself. Part of me thought I was in love with her. Though I'd never seen her. She had seemed to understand me, the real me. It was if she wouldn't judge me for anything. I had wanted to tell her what had happened all those years ago. With Eddie. And with Lexi Lord. I had thought she could do what the marines and war hadn't been able to do; allow me the opportunity to move on with my life. Allow me to see that I could forgive myself.

I had decided to come back to Jonesville because I needed to know who she was. I needed to know she was okay. I needed to look into her eyes and to thank her. And so, here I was, back in a town that was ready to welcome me back with open arms. I was treated like more of a hero than I was before I left.

I was the Golden Boy incarnate. I could do no wrong. It was a weird feeling having everyone love me. Everyone wanting to be me. Everyone watching me with awe and admiration. I had the perfect life. That's what they all thought. Bryce Evans, the golden child. But they didn't know what really went on; what happened behind closed doors; what existed behind my big, blue eyes. They didn't know that there existed in me a hate so strong that I was capable of doing very bad things.

I looked at the clock on my dashboard and sighed. I had to go home now. I knew that my parents would be waiting for me. My loving mother was beyond ecstatic that I was home and in one piece. She lived for me and I had broken her heart when I had gone away. She had written me faithfully, every day. I knew that she lived for my responses just like she had lived for my games, and my report cards and my college acceptances. Sometimes I just wanted to shake her, to see if I could get through to her. I wanted to scream and shout and tell her to get a life. To tell her that I wasn't worth it. That the pills weren't worth it. That we all knew that the water she sipped all day was vodka. But she was my mother and so I didn't.

All my life people had envied me being the Mayor's son. Not just because my dad was the mayor, but because he was charismatic, rich and funny and he captured people in his spell. My doctor said that he was the root of all of my problems. The catalyst to that night. That, if I hadn't found out what he was doing, I wouldn't have done what I did. Lexi Lord wouldn't have been a target.

Whenever I thought of her, I wanted to forget everything. She probably didn't even know who I was. She and her friends weren't caught up in the drama that was Jonesville High. She was special. And I had nearly ruined that. Nearly ruined her. And for what? As I drove into my driveway and turned off the car, I knew that I had to make things right. Ultimately, the only person who could do that would be Lexi. No matter the cost to me, I had to speak to her, even if she had no idea who I was asides from the night. I needed to absolve things properly. Going to war had been the coward's way of trying to fix things. I needed to do it right this time.

I bit my lip as I thought about what I should do next. And then it hit me. What better way than to invite her to my party? She may think an invitation out of the blue was odd though. I had three days to figure out a way to get her to my party without it looking suspicious.

I jumped out of my car with a vigor I hadn't felt since being back in town. I had a plan and I hoped that I was making the right decision bringing everything up again.

Chapter 3

"Are you going to tell Luke?" Anna grinned at me as we pulled into my driveway.

"Well, duh." I grinned and played with my long blonde hair as I jumped out of the car. "There is no way that I can keep this a secret."

"Keep what a secret?" Luke looked out of his window and I groaned.

"You are a serious stalker, Luke Bryan," I laughed up at him.

"I've been waiting on you to get home and so I had my window open." He laughed and I noticed his black hair flopping across his eyes. "Now stay there and I will be right down."

"Okay, stalker," I shouted and Anna and I went and sat on the swing chair on the front porch.

"You are soo lucky that you live next door to Luke." She smiled at me and, before I could answer, a big golden dog came leaping on me.

"Bongo!" I screamed as the dog sat in my lap and slobbered my face. "Luke Bryan, come and get your dog."

"I'm coming, I'm coming," he laughed. "Bongo, down boy, down." Bongo didn't even turn his face but continued to leave saliva all down my face.

I jumped up and pushed Bongo off of me and hit Luke in the arm. "That's for getting a dog without asking me."

"I didn't know it had to go through you, mum," he grinned.

"You know, I'm going to be the one who has to clean up after him and walk him," I pouted.

"I'll come over and help Luke," Anna said, softly.

"Lexi, stop being so dramatic." Luke rolled his eyes and grinned and me and I laughed at his goofy face.

"I wouldn't keep your face like that, Luke. If the wind changes and it gets stuck like that you'll be sorry."

"It can't be worse than my face now." He made an even more grotesque face and Anna and I laughed. I cocked my head and looked at him carefully.

"You could be right." I laughed and he grabbed and we fell to the ground as he tickled me. "Luke, stop, stop!" I shrieked, as we rolled around and we both burst out laughing as Bongo jumped on top of us, trying to join in the fun.

"Well, when my best friend calls me ugly, what do you think I'm going to do?" He grinned and blew into my ear and I shrieked again with laughter.

"Stop, it tickles." He stopped and I stared into his green eyes with laughter in my eyes. He looked down and me with a gleam and held my arms to the ground.

"Take your words back then." He stuck his tongue out at me.

"You're not as ugly as a gargoyle," I squealed and he made a sad face. I burst out laughing and looked into his face again. "Come on now, Luke, you know you're hot." I laughed. And it was true. With his jet-black hair, hazel green eyes and nicely toned body, Luke was one of the hottest boys in Jonesville. Only he really wasn't a boy anymore, he was a man. Only I could never really see him that way. He was always going to be my childhood pal, snotty nosed Luke.

"Wow, a compliment from hard nosed Lexi Lord." He grinned and pulled me up from the ground with him. "Come here." He brushed the grass off of my trousers and smiled at me.

"Are you guys done?" Anna walked towards us with a forced smile and I rolled my eyes.

"Anna, please tell Luke to stop manhandling me."

"You wish, Lexi."

"Yeah, right." I laughed and sighed as Luke pulled me into his arms to give me a hug. "What's the hug for?"

"Can't I hug my best friend?" His eyes sparkled.

"You want me to look after Bongo already, don't you?" I sighed and looked up at him with slanted eyes.

"How did you know?" he laughed.

"I always know, Luke." I poked him in the stomach. "When?"

"This weekend?"

"Why, where are you going?" I looked at him in surprise. Luke, Anna and I usually spent the weekends together.

"To Boston."

"Oh," I frowned. I guess maybe he was serious about this MIT thing. I tried to ignore the sad swell in my stomach. "Guess what." I changed the subject, not wanting to think about the fact that Luke may actually move away from Jonesville.

"What?" He studied my face and we all walked into my living room. My mom wasn't home and I sighed with relief. I didn't want her to overhear the conversation.

"Guess!"

"What?"

"Bryce Evans is back in town and said hello to Lexi." Anna interjected, quickly. I looked at her in reproach and she sighed. "Sorry, but I didn't want this guessing game to go on for the next thirty minutes. I have to go home and cook dinner for my dad soon."

"The Bryce Evans?" Luke spoke up before I could answer. I knew he didn't want to be in the middle of another Lexi-Anna pseudo argument.

"Yes." I grinned, too excited to let anything get me down.

"I thought he joined the army or something?" he frowned.

"The marines."

"Or was it the air force?"

"He joined the marines." I said, louder.

"Figures. He wasn't smart enough for the air force."

"Luke!" I admonished him.

"Sorry." He rolled his eyes. "So that's the super exciting news that you were thinking of not telling me?"

"I was going to tell you."

"A guy you knew from high school said hi?" Luke looked at me with a serious face.

"He is more that just a random guy from high school," I said, in a soft voice.

"I know that, Lexi," he sighed.

"You know what would have happened if he hadn't been there, Luke." I looked at him, seriously.

"I know." Luke turned away from me, with a clenched fist. I could see he was upset.

"You know I don't blame you, Luke."

"I should have been there." He turned back to me with real concern in his face. "There isn't a day that goes by that I don't regret it."

"It's the past, Luke," Anna said, angrily. "You really need to forget about it."

"Anyone want a drink?" I jumped up and tried to break the heavy mood that filled the living room. "I think we have coke."

"What? No Pepsi?" Luke grinned and I laughed at him as I shook my head.

"Sorry, we are a coke household."

"Luke, I wanted to thank you once again for adopting Bongo," Anna interjected. "I can't tell you how happy you have made me."

"Anything for you, Anna." He grinned at her and she blushed. "Plus, now I can make sure Lexi gets some exercise in."

"Ahem!" I faked an angry voice. "And how are you going to make sure of that?"

"When you walk him."

"I'm not going to be walking your dog, Luke."

"But won't you join me when I walk him?" He put on an innocent, pleading face.

"I guess," I sighed. "I guess I could stand to lose ten pounds."

"Or twenty." Luke stared at me with a bland face and I swat him on the arm.

"I will get you for that, Luke."

"Uh huh."

"Just wait." I grinned at him and I saw Anna rolling her eyes.

"Are you guys ever going to grow up?" She stood up. "We're not in high school any more, guys. We are adults and we should all act like we are."

"Hey, are you okay, Anna?" I frowned at her as she walked to the front door.

"I'm fine," she sighed. "I should get going. Dad had a long day at work today. I should go and get dinner ready for him."

"Okay." I walked over and gave her a hug. "Do you want a ride?"

"No. I can walk." She smiled at me softly. "I'll see you guys later."

"Bye, Anna Banana." Luke called to her as he poured himself a coke from the kitchen.

"I hope she's okay," I frowned as I walked into the kitchen and joined Luke.

"Who?" He chugged his drink and looked at me in confusion.

"Anna, Luke. Anna," I sighed. "You know, our friend, who just left."

"I'm sure she's fine." He sidled up next to me. "Want a Dawson's Creek night?"

"Tonight?" I raised an eyebrow.

"It's Bongo's first night. I think it will be fun."

"Where?"

"My place?" He cocked his head. "I figured your mom wouldn't be too happy if Bongo spent the night already."

I laughed and grabbed an apple. "You got that right."

"So we down?"

"Can we eat chocolate in the bed?" I grinned at him.

"Only if you promise to eat it carefully."

"Don't I always?"

"No. The last time, you dropped a bunch of crumbs that melted and it looked like shit all over my sheets."

"Well, maybe you need diapers then?" I looked at him with a funny face.

"Funny, Lexi," he laughed. "You can have chocolate if you don't turn my bed into poopyville."

"Eww-you're gross," I laughed. "And who knows what Bongo is going to do."

"Anna said he's potty trained."

"I sure hope so." We both laughed and watched as Bongo licked his balls on the rug in my living room. I knew I should get the dog out as soon as possible, because if my mom came home and saw him she would have a fit. Just like she did over everything she had no control over. I sighed and turned to Luke. "Take Bongo and get out of here. I'll be over later."

"So you can talk more about dreamy Bryce?" He wriggled his eyebrows and I slapped him on the arm.

"Luke." I growled at him and he cocked his head and looked at me curiously. "Okay, maybe a little bit," I laughed. "This is exciting for me."

"I don't know why," he sighed. I pushed him towards the door.

"I'll be over around 9pm?"

"That sounds good." He picked up Bongo and they left the house. I surveyed and smelled the room to make sure that there were no discernible traces of Bongo anywhere when my mom got home. I really wasn't in the mood for an argument and I didn't want her to spoil my good mood. I ran to the rug and straightened it out, before running back to the kitchen to wash out the glasses and dry them. If she saw two empty glasses she would want to know who had been over at the house. And then she would put me though the fifth degree. I didn't want that. Not today. Not when I was happy.

I knew that I should just move out and try to find a place of my own. Well, with a friend. Anna would never leave her dad and her animals, but Luke had seemed quite keen whenever I had discussed getting an apartment. Especially now that he had some money. In fact, he thought it was a great idea. Only I felt guilty about leaving my mom. My salary, though meager, helped to pay the rent for that house. Something my mom couldn't do on her waitress salary fully. There was no way I could just leave and not help out. And there was no way I could leave and still help out.

Luke had suggested that he could pay the whole rent, but I had not been comfortable with that. Money was the quickest way to ruin a friendship is what Grandpa Webb had always said to me when I was young. And I didn't want to lose Luke. Not now and not ever.

So here I was, at twenty-two, still stuck living with my mom. My crazy, erratic and heartbroken mom. I put the last glass in the cupboard and felt my shoulders tense as I heard my mom's clunker pull into the drive.

"Lexi?" she called out, softly, as she walked through the front door.

"Hi Mom," I called out from the kitchen. My mom panicked if she didn't hear an immediate response from me.

"Lexi, where are you?" She walked through the living room quickly and then into the kitchen. Her blonde, wispy hair was hanging around her shoulders and she came up to me with a big hug. "Oh, I wasn't sure if you were home yet."

"My car's in the driveway, mom," I sighed and hugged her back.

"I know, but something seemed off when I walked through the door." She sighed and looked at me with big, wide blue eyes. "I wanted to make sure you're okay."

"I'm fine, mom." I tried to stop from rolling my eyes. I knew how important I was to my mom, after everything that had happened.

"You know, Lexi, I would die if anything ever happened to you."

"Nothing is going to happen to me, mom."

"There's so much crime. Even here in Jonesville, Lexi. You have to be careful."

"Mom, Jonesville is one of the safest cities in the whole United States."

"We still have crime, Lexi." She looked at me, sorrowfully. "Don't you watch the news?"

"I'm always careful, mom."

"I know." She looked around the kitchen and smiled. "It's such a nice day today. Look at the light coming through the windows. It's still bright out. I love it. Shall we have a picnic tonight?"

"A picnic?"

"Yes," she laughed and opened the fridge. "Let's go for a picnic. We could invite that nice young man of yours as well."

"What nice young man of mine?" I sighed.

"That Luke boy."

"Mom, he's not my boyfriend," I groaned, for the millionth time. "You know that."

"Well, why isn't he your boyfriend, Lexi? You're not getting any younger."

"Mom, Luke is one of my best friends. We don't feel that way about each other."

"You could do a lot worse than Luke."

"Mom!" I sighed. My mom had been on at me since we graduated high school about Luke. But it had really picked up when he had made all that money from his software invention. She seemed to think that Luke was my Prince Charming.

"Well, he loves you, Lexi." She looked at me with pained eyes. "I see the way he looks at you."

"Mom, he loves me as a friend. We are friends." This time I didn't stop my eyes from rolling. "I am interested in someone else."

"Who, Lexi?" She looked at me with a frown and I tried not to groan. I didn't want her to know who my crush was on. She would never approve and it would only cause her pain.

"It doesn't matter," I sighed.

"You don't want me to know?" Unshed tears brimmed in her eyes and I felt upset and guilty. Why couldn't I have a normal mother? One who didn't go in for emotional blackmail over every single thing I did?

"That's not it, mom."

"I'm sure Anna would tell me if I was her mom." Cheap shot, I thought to myself.

Anna's mom had died when we were in middle school and so she was jealous of anyone who had a mother who wanted to share in her life. I wanted to tell her that it wasn't all it was cracked up to be, but I knew that wouldn't go down very well. You could hardly say that to someone who no longer had a mom. I could hardly tell her I was jealous because she had a dad who loved and cared for her, while I didn't. I didn't even know who my dad was. I was the product of a one-night stand on Prom Night. The guy hadn't wanted to be with my mom and Grandpa Webb had told my mom to leave him alone, and that he would help raise me. And he had. And he was a great grandpa. But he had died when I was ten and I'd been fatherless and grandfatherless ever since.

"So?" My mom's peering eyes broke into my thoughts.

"Mom, let's talk later. I can't go on a picnic with you because I am having dinner at Luke's tonight." I lied. I would have to go over earlier than intended, but I knew that the Bryan's wouldn't mind. They loved me like a daughter and would be happy to have me join them.

"So I have to eat alone?" She frowned and I hardened my resolve.

"Yes, mom. You have to eat alone tonight."

"But you're my only daughter. My only family," she cried out. "I just had a hard day at work. I wanted to relax with you."

"Mom, I'm sorry." I felt my resolve slipping. "Let's have a picnic tomorrow night."

"Fine." She turned away from me and walked out the kitchen. I heard her mumble under her breath, "Sometimes I wonder if I didn't give the wrong child away."

I pretended not to hear and drank some water. I didn't want to think about her words. I knew what she was talking about and I knew that it would devastate the whole town if they knew what had happened. I also felt ashamed of myself for feeling the way that I did. And guilty. I felt so incredibly guilty.

Chapter 4

"Bryce, there you are." My dad frowned at me as I walked in the door. "Didn't I tell you that I wanted to talk to you this afternoon?"

"Yes, sir."

"So why weren't you here when I got home?"

"I wanted to get some food, sir."

"Won't your mother cook for you?" My dad looked at me with disdain. "I don't think you should be going out and wasting money while you have a mother here who is perfectly happy to cook for you."

"Yes, sir." I wanted to throttle his neck and ask him why he didn't stick around for dinner. I wanted to tell him that my mother needed a husband who was around for her, who cared about her more than he cared about being Mayor.

"Well, come in the study with me, so we can chat before I have to go out."

"Go out?" I looked at him in surprise. "Aren't you done with work for the day?"

"No." His look silenced my next words. "So, what's next, Bryce?"

"Excuse me, Sir?" It was my turn to frown. My insides were still churning from seeing Lexi. I didn't want to have to go through something with my dad as well.

"I know you just got back. And you had a honorable discharge from the Marines. Which is great." He smiled, briefly. "I had half worried that you would be a deserter or something and I don't know how I would have explained that."

"Thanks, dad." My voice was mocking.

"But thank God you didn't embarrass me or your mother." He continued on as if I hadn't spoken. "Now, let's see. You can always enroll at Notre Dame if you want."

"I'm not sure what I want to do next." My voice was low. I needed to find out certain things and to fix things before I thought about what was next in my life.

"You could study political science and then go to law school." He tapped his pen against a pad. "Then you can run for State Senator a few years into practicing law."

My body clenched at his words. He had no real care as to what I wanted to do. He only cared about his own political ambitions.

"What do you think, son?" He looked at me then and I saw myself reflected in his face. I saw who I was going to become and it made me feel ashamed. My dad was tall, with dark blond hair and big, wide, clear blue eyes that made you think that everything was okay. And he had an air about him that made you think that he cared; he made you feel like you were the only person in the world and he was going to make everything in your life alright.

As he smiled at me with his big, wide, white smile, I was once again taken aback by how sincere he seemed. The only thing was that, after twenty-three years of living with him, I knew the truth.

He was an egomaniac, who didn't care who he hurt. My mother and I were just part of the package that went along with being the Mayor. We were the loose ends that made him seem even more perfect. Everyone in Jonesville thought that my dad was the bee's knees, the perfect, loving, caring family man and that he could do no wrong. I knew better. He was a golden boy, just as much as I was.

"I'll think about it," I smiled, to keep the peace; I didn't want him to know my real plans.

"Great. Now run along to the kitchen and go help your mother."

"Yes, sir." I stood up. "Shall I tell her you won't be joining us for dinner?"

He looked at me briefly and checked his watch. "Yes. I'm afraid I have a late dinner meeting."

"Uh huh." I walked out of the door and into the kitchen where my mother was slaving over lasagna.

"Hey, mom." I walked in and gave her a kiss on the cheek.

"Bryce, my dear," she beamed at me and continued stirring a pot of something that smelled delicious. "I'm just cooking dinner."

"I can't wait. It smells great." I sat in a chair. "Oh, dad can't make it for dinner tonight."

"Oh." She looked up with pained eyes. "But it was to be our first family dinner since you've been home." She turned away and picked up a glass and gulped. "He should be here."

"He has business, mom." I paused. "You know how hard a job it is to run Jonesville." I faked a laugh and my mom smiled at me with clenched teeth. We both knew I was lying. We both knew my dad wasn't going to work. He was going to spend the night with one of his lady friends.

I think I had been fifteen when I finally realized that my dad wasn't the perfect loving husband I had always thought him to be. I wasn't sure how long my mother had known that her husband was a philanderer and a cheat. We had never spoken about it. But I knew she knew. How could she not? Her husband barely spent a night in their bed. Women called the house all the time.

He'd even had one of them at the house. Not because he wanted to get caught, but because my mom had taken me to visit my grandma for a few weeks one summer and we had decided to come home early. The woman had been in the house, cooking breakfast for my dad, in his shirt. I had heard my parents shouting, but they never said anything to me about it. It was this big, dark secret in the family that everyone knew about but never spoke about.

I wanted to tell my mother to leave my dad. But I knew she wouldn't. She wasn't strong enough and it was like she lied to herself. Some days, I wondered if she had convinced herself that all the cheating was a figment of her imagination.

"Well then, it will be you and me," she beamed at me. "Dinner with my favorite son doesn't sound too bad."

"I'm your only son, mom," I laughed.

"Then that makes it even better," she laughed back, only cringeing slightly when we heard the front door slam. "So, are you looking forward to your party this weekend?"

"Not particularly," I answered, honestly.

"But you'll get to see all your old friends again."

"Not all of them," I said, my voice low.

"Oh, I'm sorry, dear." She looked at me with pained eyes. "I'm sure Eddie is looking down on you."

"Yeah," I frowned, annoyed I had brought it up. "But it will be good to see the old crew."

"It will be fun to have all your old friends back in the house," she smiled. "I'll have to come up with a list of foods to prepare."

"Oh mom," I laughed. "Are you trying to be Mrs. Cleaver again?"

"Only if you'll be my beaver." She threw a dishcloth at me and laughed.

"I'll always be your beaver, mom," I laughed and stared at my mom.

"I need a new Ward though," my mom mumbled under her breath and I looked at her in surprise. Had I heard her correctly?

"What did you just say, mom?"

"Oh nothing, son." She smiled at me. "And before I forget, two girls called for you. A Mary and Suzannah."

"Thanks." I sighed and my mom laughed.

"They sure don't waste any time do they?"

"Who?"

"The women of Jonesville, of course," she laughed and stared at me. "You're just as handsome as your father, if not more so, so I'm not surprised."

"Mom, you're just saying that." I blushed and stared at her properly. She was still as petite and beautiful as ever, but I could see that she looked older now and had frown lines and creases all over her face. Her hair was platinum blonde and perfectly coiffed, and her blue eyes had lost a little of their sparkle, but she was still my beautiful mom. I felt my heart swell with love. I wasn't sure what I would have done if I didn't have her in my life.

"No, son. If I were a few years younger and not your mom, I'd be calling, too."

"Arrgh, mom," I groaned and stood up. "I'm going to my room. Call me when dinner is ready."

"Yes, dear," she laughed and turned back to preparing the food.

I ran up the stairs I knew so well and into my room. It was weird being back in this comfortable house after the last few years I had had. The barracks I had slept in hadn't been half as comfortable as my home life. It felt weird to be back. I didn't feel like I deserved to be back in the life of luxury. Not when so many people I knew, better men than I, had nothing to go back to.

I closed my eyes and sat on the edge of my bed, trying to forget the conversations I'd had with Private Ron Benjamin. He'd been my best friend since basic training. We had been overjoyed when we were stationed together. He had decided to stay enlisted. He had nothing to come back to-no family, no girlfriend, no nothing. I'd tried to get him to come back to Jonesville with me, but he had laughed. He didn't want to come back to this drama. He knew about everything. Well, almost everything. And he had actually tried to convince me to just let it all go. But I couldn't. There were things I had to take care of.

First things first, I needed to figure out a way to get Lexi Lord to my party. I jumped up and went to my computer and typed in "Lexi Lord Jonesville". Only about ten entries came up and two of them were linked to Jonesville Public Library. I clicked on the first link and grinned. She worked in the library. I could go in there and make some sort of small talk and hopefully figure out a way to drop the party into the conversation. I wasn't sure if it was such a good idea, because she had never really hung out with my crowd in high school, but I knew I had to get her there. I needed to talk to her. I was scared that I was going to bring up bad memories for her and I didn't want to do that. I'd have to tread carefully, but I knew I had to talk to her. I couldn't have her thinking I was her savior when I wasn't.

I went to Google maps and worked out the distance from the library to the post office. They were less than a mile away from each other which was awesome. I'd go to the library first and then to the post office. I felt my heart beating quickly as I thought about Miss, my anonymous letter writer. I really hoped that I would be able to convince someone to give me some information about who owned the PO Box.

I got up and sat on my bed again and reached down for my bag, pulling out a bag of letters. I took one out at random and pulled the paper from the envelope and lay back to read it. Her letters always made me smile. When I read them, I was transported to a different place.

Dear Bryce,

How are you? It's so weird not writing to a real address. I don't know where in the world this letter is going to. I don't even know where in the world you are. But I guess, at the end of the day, location doesn't matter. Just knowing you are safe and reading this letter is all that matters to me.

I was thinking about you a lot last night. My best friend L and I were watching Downton Abbey, a newish British TV show that comes on PBS. They was an episode where one of the characters got injured at war (I think it was the Boer war or WWI-I'm not really sure) and I cried. I cried because I wondered what would happen if you got injured. I wouldn't be notified at all. I'd find out through the grapevine and only because your dad is mayor. I guess he is good for something after all!

I hope you are keeping yourself occupied and safe. I'm sorry that I can't Skype right now, my computer isn't working and I don't think it would be as romantic to talk live like it is in our letters. Honestly, I think it would be quite awkward.

Anyways, enjoy the candy I sent and the new Clive Cussler book I sent!

I hope you write back soon.

Miss

I looked at the letter and sighed. I wished that I hadn't pushed her on the Skype thing. I had a feeling that may have been why she had stopped writing to me. I had just wanted to see her face. I wanted a face to picture when I read the letters. I wanted to know who I was slowly falling in love with. I wanted to know who the one woman in the world, aside from my mother, who I truly believed cared about me, was.

I didn't know how to tell her that I didn't care what she looked like, because I knew that wasn't completely true. I knew that looks were important in a relationship, but I also knew that my heart was full of love for her. I couldn't promise that I would love her still if we skyped, even though I was sure that I would. But it was too late to worry about her now. She'd probably moved on. But I still wanted to thank her. Still wanted her to know that she had gotten me through the cold, lonely, anguished nights.

"Bryce, dinner is ready," my mom called up to me in a singsong voice. She was drunk, I could tell. She sounded too happy. And she was only this happy when she drank. Normally, she was a more subdued happy. I sighed as I walked out of my room, my head pounding. I was scared and worried about what was going to come next in my life. In some ways, I was more worried now than I was when I was a part of the war.

Chapter 5

"Bongo loves you." Luke grinned at me as his dog slobbered all over my face.

"Well, of course he does." I grinned back at Luke as he stood in front of his TV, going through his DVD's.

"What do you want to watch?"

"I don't know." I lay back on his bed and pushed Bongo away from me. "A chick flick?"

"Nope."

"A romance?"

"That's the same as a chick flick." Luke rolled his eyes at me.

"No, it's not. Chick flicks are funny and always have a happy ending. Romances can be sad, funny, chilling, mysterious and-"

"-I know, I know. They don't always have a happy ending." Luke finished my sentence and I laughed. We had had this argument many times before. "What about a thriller?"

"Ehh," I groaned.

"A comedy." He paused. "With no romance."

"What good is a comedy with no romance?"

"A documentary."

"Hell no."

Luke laughed and flung himself on his bed next to me. "You are soo difficult. You do know that, right?"

"No, I'm not." I pouted at him and picked up a pillow. "And I will hit you with this pillow if you say it again."

"Lexi Lord, you are soo difficult."

I jumped up and hit Luke with the pillow, hard, as he spoke and he grabbed another pillow and hit me. We rolled around on the bed, hitting each other and laughing, while Bongo barked at us. Eventually, Luke grabbed the pillow out of my arms and pinned my arms down with his two strong hands. He sat on me and looked down on me, grinning. "Who's difficult?"

"Not me," I squealed, wriggling underneath him and trying to get away.

"Who's difficult?" he asked again and wiggled his eyebrows as he held me down. He took one hand and started tickling me and I screamed, unable to stop myself.

"Me, me, me. Stop." I laughed, breathlessly. He finally stopped and rolled over and I looked at him, panting. "You're an ass**le, Luke Bryan."

"And I own up to it." He laughed, kissed me on the nose and jumped up. "So, what shall we watch?"

"You choose," I sighed. "It's not like you care what I think, anyways."

"That's not true," he laughed and held up a DVD. "How's about Madea Goes To Jail?"

"What?" I twitched my nose. "Madea again?"

"It'll be fun."

"Uh huh." I threw a pillow at him. "I think you're going to end up dating an older black lady, Luke."

"You think?" he grinned.

"Someone in her seventies," I laughed. "Not older like Halle Berry. She's too hot and too young."

"What about Kerry Washington?"

"Way too young for you," I grinned. "Plus, she has President Grant."

"Ah, yes. I can't compete with President Grant," he grinned. "Actually, I missed last week's episode of Scandal, so maybe we can watch it after Madea."

"If I'm not asleep," I laughed and rolled my eyes. Luke had an unhealthy obsession with all the Madea movies. I really wasn't sure why, but he loved them and owned all of the DVD's. I didn't tell him that Tyler Perry had some TV shows as well, or he may never have left his house.

Luke put on the movie and came and sat next to me on the bed. He pressed play and then turned to me. "So, what's going on with you and lover boy?"

"He's not my lover." I blushed because, in my dreams, Bryce Evans was a lot more than just a friend to me.

"Well, I know that." Luke poked me and grinned at me. "Last time I checked you had never had a lover."

"Luke," I groaned. "Don't remind me of my pitiful state."

"You're saving yourself for the right man. There's nothing pitiful there."

"If he ever comes along."

"He'll come." Luke lay flat and stared at the ceiling. "So MIT emailed me today."

"Oh yeah?" I lay flat on the bed next to him and stared at the ceiling as well. For some reason, I felt tension in my shoulders and nerves in my belly. "What did they say?"

"They'll give me a full-ride, guaranteed admission to a PhD program, once I finish my bachelors, and an assistantship. Apparently, there are two professors who are dying to work with me."

"Oh." I didn't know what to say. I wanted to be happy for my friend, and I was, but I felt more sad for myself.

"Yeah. It was overwhelming reading how badly they wanted me." He turned towards me and I rolled over and stared into his eyes. "I never thought something like this would ever happen to me, you know."

"I know." I smiled at him gently and wondered at his eyelashes. How he got soo lucky to have long, black eyelashes that framed his eyes so well I didn't know. He smiled back and me and I stared at his chipped tooth, fondly. "So, do you think you'll go?"

"I'm not sure." He studied my face. "I'd be leaving a lot behind."

"Not Bongo, I hope." I tried to lighten the mood with a joke and Bongo let out a bark, to let us know that he agreed with my words.

"I couldn't leave my precious Bongo," Luke smiled. "Let's play the ten things game."

"Okay." I licked my lips and reached over for Luke's hands. The ten things game was a game we had created when we were sixteen and our friendship had nearly deteriorated. I had been angry at him for something silly and told him to never call me again. He had reached over and grabbed my hands and told me ten things that he loved about me and my friendship. By the end of his monologue, I had forgiven him and we were friends again. We'd since adapted the game to fit into different circumstances and, instead of one person doing all the talking, we both told each other ten things we appreciated about the other one. No questions asked. If one of us needed a pick me up after a sad day we asked to play, or if we just wanted to let the other one know how much we cared about them.

"You start," I smiled, as Luke laughed. I always made him start the ten things game because I always felt so self-conscious.

"One-I love the way you support me moving to Boston, even though you want me to stay."

"Two-I love the fact that this is a hard decision for you because you appreciate my friendship so much." I smiled at him, gently, as he looked at me in surprise. Luke thought I didn't realize that I was the main consideration holding him back from going, but I did. I knew it was selfish to hold our friendship over him like that, but I just didn't know what else to do. I didn't want to lose him.

"Three-I love the specks of green in your warm, brown eyes."

"Four-I love that you are growing a goatee, even though it looks ridiculous on you."

"Lexi," he laughed and I reached over and played with the hair on his chin. "You have to admit that it's pitiful, Luke," I laughed.

"Five-I love that you are honest to a T." He grinned at me.

"Six-I love that anytime I need you, you are there for me."

"Seven-I love that you are going to help me train Bongo."

"Oh, no way." I poked him in the chest.

"Please."

"We'll see," I sighed, melodramatically. "Eight-I love that you adopted a dog, when you are not even a dog person."

"Nine-I love that you know I'm not a dog person. I thought I hid it well."

"Just don't tell Anna, she'll kill you," I grinned. "Ten-I love that you are my best friend in the world and we can play the ten things game in your bed and still have sleepovers and it's not awkward." I stared at him seriously, then.

My words were so true. No one understood our friendship, not even Anna. She didn't understand how we could have sleepovers that didn't lead to sex or making out. Even Luke's parents were skeptical at first. They thought it was weird that we shared the bed so often without dating. No one really understood our friendship, but it didn't matter to either of us.

"Come here, you." Luke pulled me into his arms and I went willingly. My body was exhausted. It had been a really long, emotional and exhausting day.

I pressed my head against his chest and listened to his heartbeat. I closed my arms and imagined that it was Bryce holding me closely. I smelled and imagined that Luke's sweet smell was actually Bryce's musky oak. I wanted so very badly to be held by Bryce. I wanted him to be my lover. I wanted him to be my first. So very badly. He had looked sad when I'd seen him earlier. He didn't look like the same confident boy he had been at Jonesville High; he looked like a tired and weary man. I wanted to kiss away the pain and stress from his face. I sighed and snuggled closer to Luke.

"Hey you." Luke pulled away slightly. "No falling asleep. We have to see what happens to Madea."

"Uh huh." I yawned and laughed. "Why has Madea become the bane of my life?"

"Because you're my best friend?" Luke laughed and pulled on my ponytail and I jumped out of bed.

"Okay, I'm changing for bed. No need to pause the movie." I grinned as I ran out of the room to go change in the bathroom and brush my teeth. I loved Luke and our friendship, I thought, as I slipped on my tee shirt and shorts, but I sure wished I was trying on something sexy and getting ready for a night with Bryce Evans. One that wouldn't involve a TV screen at all.

Chapter 6

Not many people visited Jonesville Library and for that I was grateful. I'd been standing outside for the last thirty minutes and hadn't seen one person I knew. I'm sure there would have been lots of awkward questions and I'm glad I didn't have to answer them. I was still trying to work up the courage to go in and talk to Lexi Lord. I didn't even know if she was working there today; I may have been wasting my time. But I still felt nervous and uneasy.

This wasn't going to be as effortless as I thought.

As the town hall clock chimed midday, I knew that that was my sign. I had to go in. I couldn't just stand around waiting to build up the courage. I knew that that wouldn't be coming any time soon. I walked into the library and was surprised at how spacious and bright it was. I had always imagined libraries to be small and dingy. I had to admit that I hadn't spent much time in one in school.

I looked around and walked up to the front desk, hoping to see Lexi there, maybe with some friends. That way I could invite them all at the same time and they wouldn't think I was there to just ask Lexi.

"Hi." I walked up to the women at the front and beamed. They all returned my smile with blushes and the oldest lady patted her cheeks.

"Why, how can we help you, young man?" She looked like she could have been my granny and her nametag read Nelly. I looked quickly at the other girls' faces and held in a sigh. None of them were Lexi.

"I'm just here to check out the library, mam."

"Do you have a library card?"

"No, mam." It was my turn to blush. In all my years living in Jonesville, I'd never gotten a library card.

"Well, we can sign you up and then you can get a tour."

"Oh, I don't need a tour."

"Who's doing the tours today, Nina?"

"Lexi is, Nelly."

"Lexi can give you a tour after you sign up." Nelly smiled at me and took my drivers license. "Oh you're Mayor Evans's son?" Her smile grew even wider, if that was possible, and I felt sad. Here was another constituent who had been fooled my dad.

"Yes, mam."

"Well then, maybe I'll give you the tour, Mr. Evans."

"You can call me Bryce, mam, and Lexi is fine." I kept my voice even, but I felt a bit panicked. I needed for Lexi to give me the tour.

"Well okay then, Mr. Evans." Nelly looked a bit flustered at my request and I took a deep breath.

"Only because I kind of know Lexi from High School. It will be nice to catch up while she shows me around."

"Oh, okay." She smiled again. "Well that makes sense. Nina go and get Lexi."

"Yes, Nelly." Nina stood up and smiled at me and walked away. I released my breath and filled out the form that Nelly put in front of me.

"You can borrow up to ten books at a time, Mr. Evans, and only three new releases. You can borrow three DVDs at a time and two CDs. If we don't have a title in stock, you can put your name on the request list and we will email you when it is available."

"Oh, okay. Thanks."

"You can start borrowing books today. Just come back up with the books that you choose."

"Aw, okay." I hadn't planned on borrowing any books, but I figured I better borrow something now, or it would look too suspicious.

"Lexi will show you around and then you can choose, okay?"

"Uh, yes, mam." I smiled at her, weakly, and breathed a sigh of relief as Nina walked back with Lexi by her side. Lexi looked at me in confusion with big, wide eyes; I'd never noticed how big they were before. Or how warm.

"Hi, Lexi." I smiled and she smiled back a big, wide smile.

"Hi, Bryce. It's good to see you." She stood there, awkwardly, for a second and I realized she was debating over whether she should give me a hug or not. I reached my hand out to her and we shook hands instead.

"Thanks. I wasn't sure if you would remember who I was," I laughed and we walked away from the desk and prying eyes.

"Of course I remember you." She looked at me in surprise. "To be honest, I wasn't sure if you knew who I was."

"Oh, I'd never forget you." I smiled at her and immediately wanted to slap myself for the words that I had uttered. How completely and utterly awkward. I wasn't sure if she had heard what I had said, because she didn't answer me for a few minutes.

"So how was it being a marine?" She looked at me curiously as we came to a large computer room and I studied her open and interested face.

"Hard," I answered, honestly, surprised that I was answering honestly. I guess I was taken aback that she had even asked me the question. She was the first person, since I'd been back, to ask me what it had been like. It was like everyone else was just willing to forget that blip in my life, like being a Marine for four years was no big deal and I could forget it as easily as they could.

"I bet." She pointed into the room. "This is our internet room. Anyone can use it. You sign up for an hour at a time. If someone else wants to use it, you have to get up."

I laughed as she spoke and looked into the room, curiously. So this is where Miss had written her letters to me. "What's so funny?" Lexi looked at me in confusion.

"Oh, nothing." I shrugged my shoulders. "I just had a friend who used this computer lab a lot."

"Oh, okay." She looked like she wanted to ask me a question, but she didn't, which I was grateful for. I didn't want to share Miss with anyone, not until I knew who she was and what had happened.

"So what's in that room?" I pointed to another door.

"That's a study room." She opened it and we looked inside and saw a table with some chairs. "We have six different study rooms that high school and college students can reserve to work on projects."

"Oh, that's cool."

"Did you never use them in High School?" She cocked her head and looked at me quizzically and I laughed.

"No."

"Oh, wow." She seemed surprised and I knew why. She was wondering how I had gotten through high school with a 4.1 GPA and never been a member of the library.

"So this is the fiction section, huh?" I looked at the rows of books and smiled.

"Yeah. We have a large collection of books."

"What are you doing on Saturday, Lexi?" The words burst out of my mouth quickly, like lava flowing from an active volcano. I couldn't stop myself and I looked to see her reaction.

"Saturday?" She had a faint blush around her face and I could tell that she felt uncomfortable. Her face looked frazzled and her long hair was now in her face, as if she were trying to hide behind it.

"Yeah, well my dad is having a party for me, to welcome me back to town and I thought you'd like to come. You and some friends, of course," I finished, lamely.

"But you don't even know me or my friends." Her words trailed away and she looked at me, embarrassed.

"I know," I sighed. "I just thought that maybe you'd like to come." I paused and grabbed a book from the shelf. "Now that I've got the book I wanted to read I figured I'd be going, but if you want to come hang at the party, you are more than welcome."

"Thanks." She looked at me in surprise again, but this time she had a huge grin on her face. I was surprised at how pretty she looked when she smiled. She was prettier than I remembered.

"So you'll come?"

"Yeah. It sounds like fun." She pushed her hair back behind her ears and I studied her face, thoughtfully. If she looked anything like her mother, then I understood my father's attraction.

"Good." I turned away, annoyed that I had thought of my father again. "What's so funny?" I couldn't stop myself from asking as she looked like she was going to burst into tears.

"I was just admiring your book choice." She pointed to my hands and I looked down and saw 'Fifty Shades of Grey'. I felt my face go red and I squared my shoulders.

"Well, you know. I'm just trying to see what women like in the bedroom now. I have to keep up," I grinned, as she bent her head, flustered, and walked up to the front desk to check out with a huge grin on my face. She hadn't expected that answer from me, I was sure. But one thing that I wasn't was a prude. I was a virile man and if Fifty Shades could teach me a trick or two about pleasing a woman I was going to read it. I checked out and walked to the front of the library with a new confidence. One bird down, one more to go I thought. Now I just needed to find out who Miss was. I was afraid that that was going to be a much harder task than asking Lexi Lord to my party.

***

I argued with the lady at the post office for about fifteen minutes before she finally got frustrated with me and asked me to step aside.

"Sir, I cannot give you personal information."

"I don't want their home address," I sighed. "Just a name. Please."

"Sir, I am going to have to ask you to leave now."

"Please."

"Sir."

"Fine." I scowled at her and walked out. If it had been the me of a few years ago, I would have tried to have pulled rank and asked her if she knew who I was. Who my father was. Once people knew my dad was Mayor, I commanded a lot more respect-but I wasn't going to do that anymore. He didn't deserve that automatic respect and neither did I. I was going to have to think of another way, even if it meant waiting outside the post office and hanging out by the mailboxes until someone finally came to her mailbox. I was going to find out one way or another. I just had to.

Chapter 7

"Anna, you are not going to believe what happened today!" I squealed into the phone, unable to contain my excitement.

"Luke proposed?"

"What?" I paused and then laughed. "Good one, but I'm being serious."

"So was I," she mumbled and I hesitated.

"Are you okay, Anna?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. Thanks for asking," she replied, testily.

"Sorry about yesterday. I hope you weren't upset."

"You guys acted like I wasn't even there."

"I didn't mean..."

"And then I tried to call you last night to talk and your mom said you were out."

"I stayed over at Luke's."

"I figured," she sighed. "Thanks for the invite."

"But you had to go home and cook for your dad." I didn't understand why she was so upset. She knew that Luke and I had sleepovers a lot. They meant nothing.

"Yeah, that's my life," she sighed. "Anyways. What's your good news?"

"We got invited to Bryce's party this weekend."

"Wait, what?" Suddenly her voice seemed happier and brighter. "How did that happen?"

"He came in the library today."

"No way," she gasped. "Bryce Evans in a library? Someone call the police because the end of the world is coming."

"Anna!" I laughed. "That's mean."

"Come on, Lexi, you know it's true."

"He's a smart guy, Anna. He got into Notre Dame."

"He's not as smart as Luke."

"No one's as smart as Luke," I laughed. "So I need to go to get my hair done. Want to come?"

"What are you getting done?"

"Just making it blonder." I played with my long hair and looked at the dull tresses. "I want to be sun-kissed blond. Not muted, brown blond."

"Lexi, your hair is gorgeous."

"I want to be like the it girls. I have to be, Anna, if I want him to notice me."

"Maybe he noticed you because you're beautiful without bleached out hair."

"Thanks, Anna," I laughed. "I figure some highlights and a trim won't hurt."

"I guess I can come as well."

"No way." I was shocked. I hadn't expected her to agree.

"I may as well look good as well." She paused. "Is Luke coming?"

"I hope so. I'm going to ask him." I looked at my watch. "In fact, my break is nearly done. Let me call him now and then I'll see you after work?"

"Okay, sounds good." Anna hung up and I mulled our conversation as I dialed Luke's number. The more I thought about it, the more certain I was that Anna was interested in Luke. I told myself that I should ask her about it when I picked her up, once and for all. It would be weird if they dated but I couldn't stop them. I was surprised at the distress I felt when I pictured them as a couple, but banished the thoughts from my mind.

"What's up, buttercup?" Luke answered the phone with a drawl and I laughed.

"Not much, peanut."

"Don't you mean walnut?"

"Nope."

"Almond nut?"

"Nope."

"Cashew nut?"

"More like nut case," I laughed. "Guess what?"

"You won a Nobel peace prize?"

"How did you know?" I laughed. "No, idiot. We got invited to Bryce's party this weekend!"

"Whoa, what? Who did you have to sleep with for that?"

"Luke."

"You slept with me?" He paused. "I think I would have remembered that."

"You're an idiot," I laughed. "Bryce came into the library today. I can't believe it."

"Why did he go into the library?" Luke sounded suspicious. "And do we have to go?"

"Yes, we are all going."

"Argh. I don't want to go and see all those pretentious fools from high school."

"Luke. Please," I pleaded.

"I'll think about it."

"I'll walk Bongo all next week for you."

"Deal," he laughed. "Don't forget the pooper scooper either."

"You suck, Luke," I laughed. "Anyways, I'll see you later. I have to get back to work."

"Okay, see you later, Lexus."

"Bye, nutcase." I rolled my eyes and hung up the phone with a huge grin on my face. It seemed like my tide was changing.

***

"Anna, I wanted to ask you something." My words sounded serious as she got into the car and she frowned at me.

"Who died?"

"No one." I paused. "Do you have a crush on Luke?"

"What?" She looked at me in shock and I saw a blush rising in her face.

"Do you have a crush on Luke?" I stared at her hard. "You can tell me if you do."

"No, I don't. He's like our brother."

"Well, yes. But he isn't really our brother." I paused. "I know that a lot of girls think he is attractive now."

"Do you have a crush on him?" She looked at me with narrowed eyes.

"No, of course not." I shook my head. "That's gross."

"Why?"

"He's like my best friend and my brother."

"But he's not your brother."

"Well, you know." I cringed. "That's gross. I couldn't even picture myself kissing him."

"He has nice lips," she said, softly.

"Argh. No way." I pretended to puke. "That would be sick."

"Okay." She rolled her eyes at me. "So I was thinking about what you said earlier. Do you think Bryce invited you because of Eddie?"

"What?" I frowned at her, upset that she had brought up Eddie.

"Well, you know. After everything that happened." She looked at me sideways as I drove. "Maybe he wants to talk to you about that night."

"I don't want to talk about that night." I felt my breath catch as I drove. "I never want to think about that night again. Except for the part when Bryce rescued me."

"You've got to think he might want to talk about it. Especially seeing as he left right after Eddie, you know." She paused.

"He had nothing to do with that." I looked at her, annoyed.

"We don't know that."

"I do." My voice was firm. "It's not possible."

"Anything is possible, Lexi." She reached over and touched my arm. "My dad thought it was weird, how everything happened."

"Like what?" I looked at her with narrowed eyes.

"I'm not meant to say."

"Anna, you have to tell me now."

"Let's not discuss it now." She squeezed my arm. "Do you know what you are going to wear to wow Bryce in?"

"No," I sighed. "I don't have anything to wow him in."

"Then, I ask, we should go shopping?"

"That sounds like a good plan," I grinned, momentarily forgetting my anxiety from our previous conversation. I didn't like thinking about Eddie. Especially after what had happened.

"Shall we ask Luke?" I turned to my friend and saw her blush again. "I know you have a crush on him, Anna."

"He'd never be interested in me," she sighed, playing with her long, brown hair.

"Of course he would," I smiled at her, helpfully. "He'd be lucky to have a girlfriend like you, especially after dating that skank Briget."

"You think so?" She smiled at me, shyly.

"I know so." I rolled my eyes. "Luke may look like a hottie now, but he's still a nerd inside," I laughed. Luke had had a major transformation when we graduated from High School. He had joined a gym, and had gained weight, so that his lanky frame was now more athletic. He had cut his previously long stringy hair and he had gotten rid of his thick owl-glasses. His transformation had shocked Anna and I, but it was the girls outside of our circle who really seemed to appreciate the changes in Luke. He had met a girl at community college, called Briget, and had dated her for about two years. I couldn't stand her and she didn't like me. I hadn't been sad when they had broken up.

"Does it make you sad to know that Luke lost his virginity to her?" Anna questioned me softly and I burst out laughing.

"Hell no. I'm just glad that it finally happened."

"Really?"

"Yes. A twenty-two year old male virgin is not cute."

"But we're still virgins."

I sighed as we pulled into my driveway and turned to her. "But we're girls and we're both saving it for someone special."

"Do you think they will ever come along?"

"I think they already have," I grinned.

"Really?"

"Yup. Luke and Bryce." I wiggled my eyebrows. "I think they will make the perfect lovers for both of us.

"We wish," Anna giggled.

"They wish." I danced as we got out of the car. "At least I hope so."

"You hope what?" Luke and Bongo came running out of his house and into my yard.

"Nothing, nosey." I punched him on the arm.

"Why hello to you, too." He grinned at me and rubbed his arm. "Hey, Anna."

"Hey, Luke." She grinned at him and flung her hair over her shoulder.

"So Lexi roped you into going to this party as well?"

"It should be fun."

"For whom?" He threw a ball for Bongo to catch. "I feel like we are in a time warp and going back to high school."

"We were never invited to the party of the year in high school," I reminded him.

"And I don't know if I want to be invited now."

"At least we'll all be there." Anna walked up to him and rubbed his shoulder and he looked down at her and smiled.

"That's the only positive," he grinned. "I suppose you and I will have to keep each other company, while Lexi goes after Bryce."

"That won't be a problem," Anna grinned and I could see the happiness reflected in the sparkle of her eyes.

"Can we please go camping this weekend as well, to make up for the party?"

"When?" I frowned.

"Sat and Sun?" Luke walked over to me and took a piece of a dead leaf out of my hair and stared into my eyes. "The party is Friday, right?"

"Yes," I sighed. "I suppose so."

"Good." He pulled something else out of my hair. "Where have you been and why do you have so many dead leaves in your hair?"

"No idea." I stared at his tee shirt for a second and laughed. "Pinky and the Brain? Aren't you too old to be wearing a tee-shirt with cartoon characters?"

"You're never too old," he laughed. "Never."

"Are you guys coming?" Anna frowned at us as she walked to my front door.

"Yes, sorry." I pulled away from Luke, feeling self-conscious.

"Your mom's home," Luke whispered to me and I groaned.

"Great," I sighed. I wasn't looking forward to seeing my mom. "Don't mention the party in front of my mom, okay?"

"Sure." Luke looked at me in surprise as we walked through the front door. "Is there a reason why?"

"Yes." I shook my head. "But I can't talk about it."

"Okay."

"Lexi, there you are. I haven't seen you in ages."

"Hi, Mom." I tried not to roll my eyes as I walked into the living room. "How was work?"

"Good, I got a $40 tip today," she grinned and pulled out the two $20 notes.

"Nice," I smiled, genuinely happy. My mom was happier on days she got good tips.

"I thought I might go to the mall tomorrow."

"Maybe you can go with Lexi and I?" Anna through in. I tried to make eye contact with her to stop her from talking, but she wasn't looking in my direction.

"You girls are going to the mall?"

"Yeah, to get some new clothes and our hair done for the party on Friday."

"Party?" My mom looked at her, curiously. "What party?"

"The mayor's holding a party for his son, Bryce, who is back from war."

"Mayor Evans?" My mom frowned and turned towards me. "You're going to a party at the mayor's house, Lexi?"

"Well, yes." My voice was tight and low.

"How could you?" She looked at me in shock. "You can't go, I tell you."

"She is over eighteen now, Mrs. Lord," Anna laughed, not sensing the tension in the air.

"You can't go, Lexi. How could you?" My mom ran out of the room and out the front door. We heard her car screech as she pulled out of the driveway and we all stood there in silence.

"Uhm ... is she okay?" Anna looked at me, confused.

"Yeah, she'll be fine," I sighed.

"Anna, why did you have to go and open your big mouth about the party?" Luke frowned at her. "I swear you can't read any situation."

"How was I to know that her mom was going to freak out?" Anna's voice sounded hurt.

"You should have looked at Lexi, it was obvious she didn't want us to say anything."

"Sorry, I can't read her mind like you can, Luke." Anna made a face.

"Guys, it's okay." I rubbed my temple. "Maybe you both should go."

"I can stay, Lexi." Luke sidled up to me and wrapped his arms around me. He, more than anyone, knew just how tempestuous my relationship with my mother was.

"No," I sighed, "It's okay. I just need to be alone." I looked at them both and felt tears coming to my eyes. "I need to go to the bathroom. You can let yourselves out."

I ran upstairs and into my room, falling onto my bed in tears after I locked the door. Just when I thought that something was finally going to go right in my life, it all came crashing down. Just like it always did. I closed my eyes trying to ignore the voices in my head that told me I wasn't good enough. That I wasn't entitled to a happy life. I wanted to thump my hands against my walls in frustration.

I wasn't even sure I should go to the party. I mean, nothing could come of a relationship with Bryce, even if he was interested in me. My mother wouldn't be able to handle it. Not after everything. And I didn't know if I wanted to be the one to hold such deep, dark secrets from him. I didn't know if I could do it.

I hadn't told anyone-not even Luke-about my mother's past. It haunted her every day and, in a way, it haunted me as well. I tried to pretend that it didn't matter, that I wasn't bothered, but inside I still felt raw.

There was nowhere that I could go that would eradicate those memories from my mind. It was almost a waste of time for me to even think about Bryce, we could never be. Not even if he wanted me.

Chapter 8

As much as things change, they stay the same. Some wise man said that. That same wise man didn't have any great sayings about how to get private information though. I was on my own for that. I felt restless and upset when I got back home. Eddie's mom had called me, she wanted to see me and invited me over. I told her I was busy this week, but would make time for her next week. I didn't want to go. I couldn't stand to see her and her photos of Eddie plastered all over her house. But I was the closest thing she had to her son now. But I didn't need another anxious and neurotic mom. I didn't need another worrier to add to my already heavy head.

"Mom, I'm going out," I called out as I ran down the stairs.

"You're going out, Bryce?" She looked at me with a sad face as she came out of the kitchen. "Your dad might stay for dinner."

"Tell him I had to go out." I gave her a big smile.

"Are you going to hang out with your friends?" She rubbed my head the way she did when I was a little boy and I gave her a hug.

"Yeah. I'm going to catch up with the crew," I lied.

"But you'll see them all tomorrow at the party." She hugged me back, tightly, and I felt guilty for leaving her alone in the house when I knew that all she wanted was for me to be in the house somewhere.

"That will be impersonal." I paused. "But I will try and get home early."

"We could watch a movie together," she said, eagerly, like a puppy looking for some love. "You could stop on the way home and pick something up."

"I'll try, mom." I gave her a big hug and hurried out of the house, my heart tight. It upset me to see that my mother was even more of a frazzled mess than I remembered. She used to be strong, with a keen confidence that made many women envy her. Now, well, now I didn't even want to think about the way my mother was.

I jumped into my car and turned on the radio. The loud, heavy metal music distracted me from my thoughts and I drove quickly to my old spot, fifteen minutes from town. I was anxious to get to Harpers Creek, so that I could finally relax and enjoy my surroundings without feeling cloistered.

Harpers Creek was a spot that not many people went to, it basically consisted of an old barn, next to a creek, in the middle of a bunch of fields. Old man Harper had died about forty years ago and had left the property to his sister's kids, who lived in New York. They didn't sell it, but they didn't take care of it either, so it was overgrown and desolate. I loved it.

I frowned when I arrived. There was a car parked under the big oak tree and I listened to see if I could hear any noise as I shut off my engine.

My surroundings were silent and all I could hear was the sounds of the crickets and frogs, and the silence of the still night. I figured that maybe it was someone's old car that they had left there. It looked pretty old so it wouldn't have surprised me if it had broken down or something. I got out of my car eagerly, anxious to get down to the riverbank so that I could lie and watch the stars as I listened to the sounds of the water flowing. There was nothing that could soothe me more than Harpers Creek.

I walked, quickly and nimble footed, over the branches and pebbles until I came to the creek and took a deep breath of pure ecstasy. I was finally here; the place I had gone to in my mind every single day while at war.

"Hello?" a female voice called out to me and I nearly jumped.

"Hello?" I answered with a grunt, not wanting to make conversation.

"Are you safe?"

"Am I safe?" What was she going on about?

"You're not going to kill me are you?' she sighed. "I've had an awful night."

Something about her voice was vaguely familiar, but I didn't quite recognize it. "I don't know that I'd tell you if I was going to."

"It doesn't matter anyways," she sighed.

I looked around the bank, but couldn't see where she was sitting. "Where are you, anyways?"

"I'm not going to tell you that."

"Fine." I rolled my eyes. "Well I'm going to sit down and not look for you, so you should be okay."

"Thanks." She let out a deep breath and I stood still, trying to figure out where the sound was coming from. I couldn't tell and shrugged my shoulders as I sat down. What did I care where she was or who she was? I had come here for solitude and was grateful that she hadn't wanted to talk.

I lay back in the grass and looked up at the sky. It was a dark navy blue in color and the stars were shining brightly, as if each and every one of them wanted to lead me on a journey. I saw some constellations, but I wasn't quite sure which ones they were because I hadn't paid close attention in my astronomy class in high school.

"Catch a falling star and put it in your pocket," sang the girl, wistfully, and I tried to ignore her. She sounded as depressed as I felt and I really didn't need anyone else's worries to bring me down.

"I'm a real boy," she said, in a squeaky voice and I frowned.

"What?"

"I'm a real boy."

"Sorry, I'm a bit confused."

"It's from Pinocchio."

"Okay." I wanted to say, and you are quoting Pinocchio because? But I didn't care.

"Just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down," she sang out again and I sighed.

"It's..." she began.

"I know it's from Cinderella."

"No, it's from Mary Poppins." Her voice was aghast at the fact that someone could have gotten the song reference wrong.

"Whatever." I said, under my breath.

"No need to be rude." Her voice seemed closer to me now and I looked back and forth. I saw a figure lying about ten feet away from me. I couldn't really see what she looked like because it was so dark.

"Sorry."

"It's okay." Her voice was low and I fought the urge to ask her what was wrong. "Do you like songs from movies?"

"No," I sighed.

"Sorry, do you want to be left alone?"

"Yes." That's why I came here, I thought.

"I did, too, until I got here," she sighed. "Life can be soo complicated sometimes, can't it?"

"I suppose so."

"It's like there is a battle in the universe controlling my life and, just when I think the good guys are winning, someone goes and finds the kryptonite."

"Well, that's not good," I sighed.

"No, it's not." She paused. "Do I know you? Your voice sounds familiar."

"No. I'm not from around here." I lied.

"Are you sure?" She started to get up.

"I'm sure." My voice was gruffer than I would normally speak. "Please, I just need to think right now-in silence."

"Point taken." She laughed and I saw her lie back down. I lay back down and stared at the stars. I was irritated that I didn't know what constellation I was staring at. I wanted to ask her, but I knew that would just open up the door to conversation. I decided to close my eyes instead. I heard her start singing again, a song I didn't know. But it didn't irritate me. In fact it soothed my nerves.

"Last night you slept in a goose-feathered bed with the sheets turned down so bravely-o," she sang and I was comforted by her tone. She had a nice voice. I actually wanted to sing along with her. I almost wished I had brought my guitar.

"I'm off with the wraggle taggle gypsies, oh." She sang and laughed to herself and I wanted to ask her what was so funny. I also wanted to see her face, see if I did recognize her. Something about her personality made me realize that she wasn't part of my old crew. None of those girls would have come to the creek by themselves, there was no way. I laughed out loud, thinking about Susannah lying in the dirty grass and getting her clothes wet.

I rolled over onto my side, facing the girl and opened my eyes slowly to peek at her. I don't know why I peeked; there was no way she was going to know that I was looking at her. I could barely make out the shape of her body in the darkness. I rolled my eyes to the strangers of the night. Only I would want to know who some stranger was when I had come here to relax and think about what I was going to do next.

How was I going to find Miss? There was no point in my being back in Jonesville if I didn't get to find out who she was. I needed to know. Something in my heart told me that she could be-no, would be-the one to soothe my broken heart. So much had happened in the last five years. I didn't know if I could take much more. Something had to give. The shock of finding out that my father was a cheat, and then my mom losing it. It had been too much to take. I had gone down a bad path. And then Eddie and I had done some stupid things.

I hadn't expected him to follow through on half of the things we had said. And then that night happened. And it was all because of me. But, instead of looking like the villain, I came off as the hero, and now Eddie was dead. I opened and closed my eyes, but I couldn't get his face out of my mind. My dear, dear Eddie. He hadn't been such a bad guy. Not underneath it all. The marines would have sorted him out.

I thought back to my first days at basic training. I had thought I was going to die, which had shocked me. I was fit, in good shape. I thought it would all be easy for me. But it wasn't. Not one part of it was easy. I'd still been too hardheaded then. Everything had been too much. All I could think of was Lexi's face on that night. The way she had looked at me as her hero with such genuine and open affection. Just like the way she had looked at me at Steak N Shake and the library.

She was too innocent. Too beautiful. I'd never noticed it before in high school, but she had an ethereal presence about her. She was the sort of girl you wanted to protect. The sort of girl who got your heartstrings tugging. It seemed to me that she was the sort of girl that could get a man on the right path. But I had to dismiss her from my thoughts. She and I would never have a future after I told her the truth. And I could never truly date anyone without knowing who Miss was.

I bit my lip, thinking about the short story Miss had written for me. I had read it to two of my closest friends in Afghanistan, while we were keeping watch for suicide bombers at our camp.

Everyone took turns on night duty, it was the only way that was fair, but Daryl, Mike and I always tried to work on the same nights. We worked well together and got on well. Everyone had been a bit wary of me in the beginning, with me being the cute blond Midwesterner. They thought I'd have some sort of attitude or something, but I already knew what they knew. I was no better than anyone else. I won over Daryl and Mike pretty easily by sharing care packages that my mom sent me every week. Daryl used to say that he never ate so many Oreos when he was back in the States and we would all laugh.

I liked to think of Daryl and Mike that way: laughing, singing and stuffing their faces with Oreos. It was the only way to remember them. The doctor had told me that it was the only way for me to live a somewhat normal life. He said I had to try to forget the last night we all did night duty together. It's funny how your brain can never forget the things you want it to forget the most. Try as you might, some things never seem to disappear. I bet if I got Alzheimer's, there would still be certain memories that wouldn't fade away. I didn't want to forget. But I knew I had to. Daryl and Mike were both only children. Daryl's parents had died in a car crash and that was why he joined the marines and Mike, well, Mike never knew his parents. We were three lost souls. And they were both better than me. They both deserved to have made the trip back. We had served our time, done our duty to our country.

I felt tears rolling down my face and I gulped. I wanted to sob and to scream and to shout, but I didn't want to scare the girl. That stupid girl, I thought to myself as I cried. Why couldn't she just leave?

Chapter 9

The strange guy had started crying. I was sure of it. It made me feel embarrassed and tense. I wasn't sure what to do. He didn't want to talk to me and so I was pretty sure that he didn't want me to go over there to pat his back. And I didn't want to go either. The alcohol was wearing off and I was actually pretty scared. I was lying in a field with a strange man just a few yards away from me. What if he tried to do something to me? I felt panic rise up in me and I started to feel hot and cold flushes running through my body. What if he tried to attack me or, worse still, rape me?

I lay my head down and counted to ten as my heart raced. I tried to regulate my breathing and forget what it had felt like all those nights ago. I was a survivor. I was a survivor. I had to remember that. He hadn't raped me. I was okay. I was okay. And I was okay now. Nothing was going to happen to me. The strange guy with the slightly familiar voice wasn't going to do anything to me. He wasn't a serial killer; he wasn't a ra**st. I bit my lip. I shouldn't have come here by myself. Luke would kill me if he knew I had come by myself, he acted like he was my dad or very over protective brother. I know I gave him grief for it, but I loved him for it. I felt sadness that I had come here without him; I could do with his warm and comforting shoulder right now.

I heard the guy blowing his nose and I felt my heart go out to him. I could tell that he was trying to be as quiet as possible. He most probably didn't want me to hear him crying. I felt uncomfortable just sitting there-like I was a bad person-but I honestly didn't know what to do. He hadn't wanted to talk to me, so I doubted that he wanted me to come over and comfort him. Yet, there had been something in the way that he had spoken that had set my stomach aglow. He had a warm, deep lilt to his voice that was comforting, even though he wasn't being particularly nice.

"Are you okay?" I whispered. I couldn't stop myself. I felt like I would be a bad person if I didn't even attempt to try to help. The night fell even more silent. I knew that he had heard me, but he didn't respond. I contemplated my next move. When I was younger, I had read a story from the bible about a Good Samaritan and we had sung a song in school that asked, "Would you walk by on the other side?" about people in different situations. I didn't want to be the person who could have helped someone but didn't. "I'm here to listen if you need someone." My words carried through the night, seeming to echo in my ears over and over again.

"Thanks, but I'm fine," he answered, slowly, as if he were trying to catch his breath.

"I doubt that, but I understand. I tell my best friends that I am okay as well, but I'm not." I sighed as I spoke. "I have soo many secrets from soo many people, that sometimes it feels as if I'm going to explode. I can barely keep up."

"That does sound like a predicament." His voice held amusement in it. "You're not going to stop talking are you?"

"I can if you want?" I paused and waited for his answer. He took about a minute to reply. It seemed liked the longest minute of my life.

"You know, I was going to say no, I don't want. But I think, I think I'd like you to continue. It helps to get my mind off of things." He laughed ironically. "I came here to be alone, but it seems as if that wasn't to be tonight."

"I come here to be alone as well."

"I've never encountered anyone here before."

"Me neither."

"How long have you been coming?" we both asked, at the same time, and we both laughed. He had a nice laugh, smooth, deep and full. He wasn't faking a chuckle but letting out a real emotion.

"I've been coming for about ten years, since I was thirteen." he said and my heart quickened. He was close to my age. And, if he was from Jonesville, it was likely that I knew him.

"I've been coming for six years, since I was sixteen." I spoke slowly, wondering if he was going to come to the same conclusion as me, that perhaps we knew each other.

"Oh, interesting." He paused. "You're twenty-two?"

"Yeah."

"From Jonesville?"

"Yeah. You?"

"I'm from Jonesville as well." He paused. "I'm twenty-three."

We were both silent for a while. I knew he was thinking what I was thinking-did we really want to reveal ourselves? It was kinda cool sitting here in the dark, talking to someone I didn't know, revealing secrets that I would never tell anyone that I knew.

"I guess we may know each other," he continued.

"We don't have to check."

"No we don't." He sounded relieved.

"I don't mind," I lied. I kinda wanted to know. I knew I wouldn't be able to forget about it.

"So what's your issue?" He changed the subject and I turned my face towards him, wishing I could see him.

"My mom," I sighed. "There is something about our relationship that makes me feel soo guilty, every time I do something."

"I know what you mean." He sighed and I could tell that he empathized with me.

"Something happened a few years ago and she changed," I sighed. "She used to be happy-go-lucky and carefree and we would always have fun, but it is like she is bipolar now."

"My mom cries all night." His voice was deep and dark and filled with regret. "She doesn't know I can hear her, but she sobs all night and by the morning she is happy and cheerful again."

"I'm sorry."

"She pretends that everything is okay and her marriage is okay. And my dad does the same. But they barely talk. They barely look at each other."

"My father doesn't give a shit about me," I said, bitterly. "He got my mom pregnant in high school and he couldn't give a shit. I thought it was because of my mom. I went to go find him a few years ago. And he still didn't give a shit."

"I'm sorry." He paused. "That must have been painful."

"It was." A tear rolled down my face as my heart beat with sadness. "I've never told anyone that. Not Lu ... I mean my best friends ... not my mom. No one."

"So you grew up without a dad?"

"Yeah. It didn't matter much to me until recently." The tears gushed out of my eyes. "But I thought he'd care, you know, once he saw me, what with me being his flesh and blood, but he was distant and cold. He has a real family now, real kids. He doesn't care about me."

"Having a dad isn't always the greatest," he interjected. "I know that doesn't make you feel better, but maybe it was a blessing in disguise."

"I just wanted him to love me. To know that someone loves me," I gulped out.

"Your mom loves you."

"Yes, but she's broken now." I turned onto my stomach and I couldn't control the sobs that wracked my body. "I can do nothing right in her eyes anymore. I'm just a disappointment." I sniffed the grass underneath my nose and tensed as I sensed him close to me.

"I'm sorry." He placed a hand on my shoulder and rubbed it gently for a second. "I didn't mean to bring up painful memories."

"It's okay." I mumbled, my words muffled.

He sat down next to me and I felt him lie flat next to me. All I had to do was turn over and then I would see his face. I wasn't sure if I wanted to know who my midnight confidante was.

"My dad cheats on my mom." He spoke slowly and surely, his words echoing silkily in my ears. He was so close to me. I could feel the edge of his body pressed up against mine slightly. "And she knows, but she pretends that she doesn't."

"That's awful," I mumbled.

"It's life. I just want her to leave him."

"And she won't?"

"No," he sighed. "You know, he has an image to protect. He won't let her leave."

My body tensed at his words and I felt my heart going out of control. Something about his words resonated in my mind. He has an image to protect. He has an image to protect. I felt my breath catch. I was pretty sure I knew who was lying down next to me. My skin started burning and I was aware of every part of his body that was lightly pressed against mine. I decided to ask another question, to see if it was him. But I paused before I did. He might hate me for who I was, what I was.

"I understand. My mom had a relationship with a man in a powerful position. She thought he was going to leave his wife for her, but he didn't. It broke her."

I heard him take a sharp intake of breath and I had a feeling that he knew. We were both silent for a moment, unsure of what to say. I wasn't sure if I should say his name. It was obvious to me that he didn't want to be known. He had to know that everyone from Jonesville would recognize him if they saw him. I was surprised to hear that he knew about his dad. He had never shown that he knew, but then I guess I had never shown I knew either. Even Luke and Anna didn't know what my mother had done.

"Lexi?" His voice was soft, questioning, and I felt my heart skip a beat. He knew then, he knew about my mom. My cheeks flamed with shame and I felt my skin burning up.

"Bryce?" I slowly rolled over and stared at him. He was facing me and on his side so that, when I rolled over, our eyes met and gazed into each other's. We just lay there for a few minutes, staring at each other's sad faces and I saw in him more than a handsome face. I saw a kindred spirit, a weakened spirit. I wondered why he had been crying; it couldn't have just been because his dad was a cheat. His dad had been cheating for years.

"How are you, Lexi?" He smiled at me sweetly and reached over and wiped a teardrop from my cheek. I felt my body shivering at his touch. I couldn't believe I was here, in this moment, with Bryce Evans, the boy I had been in love with for years. He was a man now and I felt my heart expand as he leaned in closer to me. Our faces were nose to nose and he stared into my eyes deeply.

"I guess I can see who you are now," I joked and he smiled. "I'm doing okay, I'm guessing about the same as you."

"I guess so."

"I thought you'd be happy, in preparation for your party tomorrow."

"I'm not terribly excited for a party." He shrugged and sighed.

"Really, why not?" I questioned, surprised. Bryce was always the life of the party; at least, he had been in high school. Not that I'd ever been to many parties, but at the ones I had gone to he had reigned supreme.

"Not much to celebrate I suppose." He grimaced and I wondered what was going on in his mind.

"Well, I'm looking forward to it." I tried to make him feel better, but I knew it wasn't really true. I much preferred this moment right now, lying next to him in my favorite spot, with it being just the two of us. I knew that he would barely have time for me at the party, what with Suzannah and Mary and all the other girls who wanted their hooks in him.

"I'm surprised you agreed to come." He looked at me, searchingly. "I wasn't sure how you felt about me, after you know..."

"The night you saved me?" I said, breathlessly, my heart in my mouth.

"I didn't save you." He looked away from me. "That was a bad night, huh?"

"Yes." I closed my eyes, not wanting to think about that moment. And what happened afterwards. I knew I shouldn't blame myself, but it was hard not to.

"I'm sorry, Lexi." He grabbed my hands. "I'm really sorry."

"It's okay," I whispered to him, softly. "It wasn't your fault."

"I ... I need to..." He paused and I opened my eyes and saw the pain in his face.

"It's not your fault, Bryce." I squeezed his hands, not believing that this moment was actually happening. A moment that I never thought would ever happen.

"That night with Eddie," he started and I cringed. "Sorry." His voice was soft and he looked into my eyes, pleading. "Please don't hate him."

"I don't hate him." My stomach churned thinking about that night.

"He wasn't himself."

"We don't have to talk about it," I whispered.

"Do you mind if we do?" His eyes pleaded with me and I felt my heart melt. As painful as that night had been for me, I had been able to talk to Luke and Anna about what had nearly happened. And when Eddie had died, I had felt awful, but it hadn't hurt me. In fact, part of me was happy he had died. I knew that, this way, he would never try to hurt someone else.

"I don't mind."

"He was my best friend, you know." His eyes glazed over. "We grew up together but we both kind of had too much. We thought we ruled the world."

"You did rule the world," I said, softly. He still could if he wanted to. He was the King of Jonesville.

"We were two guys who had been given too much. We thought we could have everything we wanted and anyone who got in our way...." His voice trailed off and I shivered. "Sorry." His eyes focused again and he looked at me.

"It's okay." I bit my lip. "I don't know what I would have done that night..."

"It was the least I could do, Lexi."

"You saved him from raping me, Bryce. I'll never be able to show you my gratitude. You were literally my knight in shining armor."

"Well, not literally." He grinned.

"You know." I smiled back. "When he asked me to dance, I thought to myself, wow, Eddie has noticed me. Maybe he likes me. And he took me outside and I went willingly." I paused. "And he kissed me, and it was nice. Weird, but nice. But then he pushed me down. And I told him no. And he wouldn't stop, he ripped my dress up and-"

"-I'm so sorry, Lexi." Bryce's eyes filled with tears and I was surprised at how much he really seemed to care about what happened.

"It's not your fault." I smiled at him, sweetly. "You are my savior."

"No, I'm not." His voice sounded anguished. "Please stop saying that, Lexi."

"I don't understand why you..." My voice trailed off as he jumped up.

I jumped up after him and stood still as he paced up and down, muttering. "Are you okay, Bryce?"

"I'm not okay!" he shouted, loudly. "I am not f**king okay."

I stood there in shock. I had never heard him sound so angry. I was scared and turned on all at the same time. He looked gorgeous, his blond hair was luminated by the moon and the silhouette of his face was reminiscent of a Roman God. Bryce Evans was a demi-God in my eyes. He could do no wrong and all I wanted was for him to look at me, just once, with lust or love in his eyes.

"My best friend is dead." He turned around and looked at me. "My best friend in the world is dead and I miss the shit out of him." I stared at him in shock as tears ran down his eyes. I'd never seen a guy cry before. It was awe-inspiring and weird and crazy and I felt a million emotions that I had never felt before.

"Do you know how shitty I feel, Lexi? I hate him for trying to rape you. I hate him. But then I hate myself for not being there for him. How low did he have to be to kill himself?"

"It's not your fault, Bryce. You didn't put the gun in his hands," I said, softly.

"It's my fault, Lexi." He looked anguished and put his head in his hands, sobbing uncontrollably. "I was his best friend and I turned my back on him."

"Because he tried to do a bad thing, Bryce."

"But it was my fault, it was my fault," he sobbed and I walked over to him and hugged him. It wasn't a conscious decision of mine to make but, as I held him in my arms, I knew it was the right step to make.

"It's okay, Bryce."

"If he would have hurt you, I would have killed him," he sobbed. "But then he went and killed himself."

"I'm so sorry, Bryce." And I was. Eddie didn't deserve to die. Maybe all he had needed was some help.

"It should have been me," he sobbed into my shoulder.

"Don't say that, Bryce." My voice was shrill and scared. "Please."

"You knew that my dad was sleeping with your mom?" He looked up at me with questioning eyes. I just nodded my head, sadly.

"I'm sorry." I looked down, ashamed of myself and my mother.

"She wasn't the first," he sighed. "I didn't know that."

"That doesn't surprise me."

"They're over now?" He looked at me, questiongly.

"Yes, they have been for years." I looked away, hoping he wouldn't continue his questions about our parents.

"I didn't know." He took a long, deep breath and leaned towards me. "I want us to be honest about everything, Lexi. I think we owe each other that."

And then I did the only thing I could think of to do, to get him to stop talking. I leaned over and kissed him. I felt his arms pull me in closer to him and I closed my eyes as I sunk into him. He smelled like the grass: earthy, green, and pure and, as we kissed, I felt my insides melting. His lips were soft and luscious and they tasted like mint. I felt his tongue slide into my mouth and I wanted to pinch myself because I wanted to make sure that the moment was real. But I couldn't enjoy every moment of it, because I knew that the only reason I had had the courage to kiss him was because I couldn't let him know the truth. I had to keep it a secret.

Chapter 10

Lexi's lips were soft to the touch. She kissed me passionately and sweetly and I couldn't stop myself from responding. I sighed inside, but this felt so right. She felt so right. This beautiful young girl was trusting herself to me. She had watched me cry and go crazy and yet she was still here with me. She had seen that golden boy Bryce Evans was far from the perfect man that everyone in Jonesville thought I was. And she was still here. I wanted to pull away; I wanted to tell her the truth about that night. But something in me rebelled; something in me didn't want to take the chance of telling her the truth.

This beautiful, wonderful woman was interested in me. I could see it in her eyes. You didn't get to be as popular as I was without knowing when a girl was interested in you. She was different and she was innocent and I wanted to get to know her better. I didn't want to ruin that chance by telling her. I knew I was being selfish and it made me cringe inside. I didn't want to be that selfish person anymore, but I knew that she was the only person I could talk to. She was the only person I had ever met who really seemed to listen and care about what I had to say. Her eyes didn't glaze over like she was bored. She seemed to really care.

I'd never felt like a girl really got me and cared before. I didn't want to lose that. Not now. Not when everything else in my life was so bad. I was going to tell her. I promised myself that. I was going to tell her eventually. I just needed to find the right time. I just needed to find the right words to say what I needed to say.

As we kissed, I felt her pressed against me and my hands worked up her back. I wanted to slip my hands under her shirt and pull of her bra. I wanted to feel her br**sts in my hands. It had been so long since I had been with a woman. So long since I had had this primal urge to be intimate. But I held back. I didn't want to scare her. Not after everything that had happened. I felt her hands in my hair, pulling me closer towards her. Crushing me closer and I pulled her down to the ground with me.

We lay on the grass, kissing, and then she rolled over on top of me. I groaned as she straddled me and I felt all my nerve endings coming alive. I wanted her. I wanted her with a passion. And I knew that now was not the time. Not like this and not now. I pushed her off of me and pulled back from her embrace and I sighed at the sad look in her eyes.

"I'm sorry," she whispered, hurt, and I leaned over to kiss her on the nose. It was so pert and cute. Almost like a button nose.

"Don't be sorry, Lexi." I grinned. "That was amazing. Possibly the best kiss I've ever had."

"Yeah, right." She rolled her eyes, but I could see the shy smile on her face.

"I'm being truly sincere." I smiled at her and traced my finger along her lips. "You tasted as sweet as candy, how can it not have been my best kiss ever?"

"You're nice to say that."

"I'm not nice," I laughed as I felt my tightened jeans.

"You're one of the nicest guys I've ever met in my life."

"Really?" I looked at her with a smile. "Not the nicest? Just one of them?"

She laughed at me and I leaned over and kissed her again, pulling away before it got too heavy and heated again.

"Well, my best friend Luke is probably the nicest guy I've ever met in my life, but you are a very close second."

"Luke Bryan?" I frowned trying to think of all of the Lukes I knew.

"You know him?" she asked me, surprised.

"Who doesn't know him?" I laughed. "He was one of the most sought after guys in high school: hot and smart, every girl talked about him."

"Really?" She looked at me in shock. "I thought no one paid any attention to us in high school."

"Really?" I laughed at her. "Luke Bryan was most probably the most popular guy in high school, after me."

"Luke Bryan, the nerd?" She cocked her head. "The guy who was always in the books?"

"The hot guy with black hair and green eyes, that girls called a sex God?" I laughed.

"They called him a sex God?"

"Yup," I laughed and let out a breath. "I'm happy to hear that you don't see him as a sex God."

"You are?" She looked at me with wide eyes.

"Yes I am."

"Why?" She looked confused.

"Less competition for me." I said slowly and I saw her eyes change to an excited look as she got what I was saying. I felt a surge of adrenaline running through me. I was right, she did like me.

"Oh, Luke and I are just friends," she laughed. "We've never been interested in each other like that."

"That's good." I leaned over and kissed her again. This time I let my hand run over her right breast, slowly, waiting to see if she was going to brush it away. When she didn't, I cupped her breast and smiled at her sharp intake of breath. It seemed to me that Lexi wasn't very experienced and I was surprised. "You're twenty-two?" I pulled back and she groaned as my lips left hers.

"Yes, why?"

"You don't seem very experienced." I spoke matter-of-factly, hoping not to embarrass her.

"I'm not." I had a feeling she was blushing as she spoke.

"Are you a virgin?" I asked quickly, not sure why I felt it was my business to ask, but something made me ask.

"Yes." She nodded and bit her lip. "Are you?"

I laughed uncontrollably then. I wasn't sure if she really thought there was a possibility or if she was just trying to be polite, but I thought it was hilarious.

"No." I tried to stop my grin. "I'm far from a virgin."

"Oh." She looked disappointed and, for some inextricable reason, I felt bad.

"I haven't had sex in a while though."

"Oh yeah?" She smiled then and I knew that she was happy to hear that.

"That's why we should perhaps slow it down a bit now. I don't want to get to that point."

"It's okay." She leaned in close to me and I gasped as she grabbed my hand and placed it on her breast. "I like it when you touch me."

"I like touching you." I ran my fingers across her stomach. "But if I start with the touching, I'm going to end up wanting more."

"I don't mind," she whispered up to me.

"I don't want your first time to be on the grass." I voiced the words slowly and then internally I thought to myself, I don't want to take your virginity until you know the truth and then you can decide whether you forgive me or not.

"I'm not scared, you know," she whispered in my ear. "And I'm not scarred from what Eddie tried to do."

I flinched as she said his name. "You deserve better than this."

"Okay." She looked disappointed and hurt again and, as I stared into her brown eyes, I felt my insides melting. Lexi had the ability to alter my mood with a look. She always had, but I had never analyzed it before.

"You know, in the dark, your eyes look greenish." I pulled her towards me so that I could stare into her eyes. "They are so luminescent."

"I'm not sure how brown eyes can look green in the dark," she laughed.

"Neither am I. Maybe you're magical."

"I wish," she sighed. She looked so angelic in that moment, the moonlight barely touching her face, her dark brown hair hanging around her face, shielding it, and her long lashes fluttering. I felt something in my heart move as I watched her. Lexi Lord was the sort of woman a man could fall in love with. She was the sort of woman that I could fall in love with. And that scared me. She could do better than me.

"You don't need to wish." My words were almost a whisper. "You're beautiful."

"Do you really mean that?" She looked at me, puzzled and hopeful, and I wondered what made her doubt herself. Didn't she look in the mirror? She was gorgeous. Every girl at Jonesville High had wanted to be her-both for her natural beauty and friendship with Luke, though we had all thought they were dating. Don't get me wrong, no one had wanted to be her in a financial sense, she was as low on the totem pole as one could get, but the girls had all envied her natural style and sense of calm. I thought it was ironic that we had all thought she and Luke were too self-confident and snobby while Lexi, at least, was as insecure as could be.

"I mean it." I spoke slowly and softly and ran my fingers down her cheek. "Your cheek is smooth to the touch, almost like silk or satin; your lips are soft and plump and juicy and I could suck on them all day long; your eyes are expressive and kind, framed by long lashes that taunt and haunt me; your nose is cute as a button and warms me to your scent. Your long brown tresses are like spun gold, delicate, shiny and hard to come by." I ran my fingers through her hair and I stared into her eyes. "You, Lexi Lord, are amazing."

She leaned over then and kissed me, softly, before pulling away. I could feel her heart beating in conjunction with mine and I knew this was a special moment for both of us.

"Thank you, Bryce, I always knew you were a wonderful guy." She breathed at me adoringly and I felt my heart skip a beat. She liked me and I liked her. It was as simple as that. Maybe I was being granted a second chance to do something right, to get someone right in my life. I didn't want to ruin that by making her hate me. I promised myself that, if the relationship took off and went well, I would tell her.

"I am really trying my best," I said, honestly. And then I jumped up and pulled her up with me. "But we should both go home and get some rest."

We walked to our cars and I held her hand. It felt so right to have her close and I wondered what I could have done in my life to have been given this wonderful opportunity. She held on to me tightly and her body felt warm against mine.

I walked her to her car and I was blown away as I stared at her even more clearly. The trees weren't preventing all of the light from the moon and so I was able to see her even more clearly. She was even more breath taking then I remembered. And I froze. Because I remembered that I had dreamt of her face almost every night when I was away. She had slipped in and out of my dreams like a pixie. It felt surreal to have her here in my arms.

"Is everything okay?" she asked me in concern, as I stood there in front of her, immobile.

"Everything is fine. Beyond fine," I whispered. I bent over and kissed her and closed my eyes to savor the sweetness of her lips. "Get home safe and I'll see you tomorrow," I looked down at my watch, "I mean tonight?"

"I'll be there." She grinned and got into her car. I watched her as she drove away and I felt my heart ticking like a clock, perfectly and on time. I felt a sudden lightness in my step as I walked to my car. I was happy I realized. Even if the emotion was to be fleeting, it had happened. My heart was full and I was happy. I hoped that I would never ever lose this feeling.

Chapter 11

He wanted to see me at his party tomorrow. That was the only thing that played in my mind as I drove home, slowly and carefully. It didn't seem quite real. This night wasn't real. It couldn't be. It couldn't be possible that I had kissed Bryce Evans. And that Bryce Evans had kissed me back. Me, Lexi Lord. It just didn't seem real. I wanted to pinch myself to make sure. I touched my fingers over my slightly roughened lips and then licked them, trying to get the last taste of Bryce in my mouth, to convince myself that that moment at Harpers Creek had just happened.

Even the drive seemed surreal and, as I pulled into the driveway of my house, and stepped out of my car, I felt like I was floating on air. I literally could not feel the ground beneath my feet. I was too excited to go straight up to bed. I didn't want to fall asleep, because I knew falling asleep meant waking up and having to deal with my mom. I knew she would want to harp on about the past with Mayor Evans and then she would cry and I would feel guilty. I just wanted to enjoy this moment. For once, I wanted to enjoy something good that had happened to me without feeling bad about it. It didn't happen all that often.

Instead of walking into the house, I danced across the front yard, pretending to waltz, like I had seen in some old movies on TCM. I had never actually waltzed in my life. I didn't have a father to take me to father-daughter dances and so I had never gone. However, as I waltzed across the yard by myself, I understood just how magical a moment that must be. I collapsed onto the grass and giggled with delight as I stared at the stars and once again thought about my evening with Bryce.

"Where have you been?" Luke's voice made me jump and I nearly screamed when he touched me on the shoulder.

"Oh my gosh, Luke, do not scare me like that," I hissed as I looked at my friend, my heart beating fast.

"Sorry, Lexi." He frowned. "I've been worried about you. I've been waiting up for you to get home for ages."

"Oh." I sat up at looked at him. "Sorry."

"So where were you?"

"Harpers Creek." I stood up and saw the tired look on his face and felt selfish for not letting him know where I was going. I knew he would be waiting by the window to talk. He always waited when I had had a bad evening or day.

"By yourself?" He frowned, clearly upset. "Lexi, you know that-"

"-I wasn't by myself, okay?" I touched his shoulder and smiled weakly.

"Who did you go with?" He looked a little hurt as he asked me. He was normally the only person I ever took with me to Harpers Creek.

"I didn't go with anyone, Luke," I sighed. "Bryce was there."

"Bryce Evans?" His voice rose and he looked suspicious.

"Yes," I grinned at him, unable to keep my happiness to myself. "And he kissed me."

"He kissed you?" Luke frowned and his eyes narrowed. "What's going on, Lexi? You barely know this guy. Why would you let him kiss you?"

"Luke, you know how much I like him. You should be happy for me." I leaned into him and smiled. "I think he may be the one, Luke."

"The one for what?" He gave me a funny look and he turned his eyes away from me quickly. "I don't understand what's going on here."

"I don't know exactly what's going on, Luke." I said, hurt that he wasn't understanding how important this was to me. "But I've liked Bryce for a really long time and I think he may like me as well."

"I see."

"We kissed and it was sweet and wonderful and I want to see where it goes," I whispered.

"Where do you think it's going to go, Lexi?" Luke's voice was raw.

"I don't know. Maybe he'll be my boyfriend, maybe he'll be my first."

"You would lose your virginity to that guy?" Luke looked at me in shock. "You barely know him, Lexi."

"I know that he's sweet and handsome and a good kisser." I stared at him. "I know that I'm twenty-two and I don't want to be a virgin forever."

"You should wait to be with someone who loves you, Lexi."

"Like you did?" I frowned.

"Briget and I had strong feelings for each other."

"Yeah-but you both thought you were in love when you had sex?"

"You know that's not true," he sighed.

"So why do I have to wait for this perfect coupling?"

"I don't want you to get hurt, Lexi," he sighed. "Guys like Bryce, they don't care who they hurt."

"He's not like that."

"You're just another piece of flesh to him."

"No, I'm not." I looked at him with hurt eyes. "He likes me and he respects me, Luke."

"No he doesn't, Lexi," he said, angrily. "He didn't give you the time of day in high school."

"That was years ago, Luke, we are past that now."

"Are we?" He looked at me with pained eyes. "All you seem to do is talk about Bryce from high school. You barely knew him then and you barely know him now, yet you think he is boyfriend material?" he laughed, bitterly. "Give me a break, Lexi. I know your mom sucks and you are emotional, but don't go making any silly mistakes because you are rebelling against her. You don't want to end up pregnant and single."

"How dare you!" I screamed and slapped Luke across the face. He had no idea how much his words had hurt and stung me. He had no idea how close to home he had come. Especially because of the secret.

"I dared to tell you the truth because I am your best friend, Lexi. I thought that was what best friends did. But I guess, maybe, in your world best friends only get to hear some of the news."

"I didn't tell you Briget was a bitch when you first started dating her, did I?" I snarled, angry that he was being this way.

"You weren't exactly friendly to her."

"I didn't have that much time to be, you guys pretty much disappeared once you started having sex," I hurled at him and he flinched.

"I made a mistake, Lexi. I dated Briget because I thought I needed to be a different type of guy. I realized I wasn't that guy and she wasn't who I wanted."

"Okay." I rolled my eyes at the seriousness in his voice.

"I already had someone very special to me in my life," he continued and my heart stilled. I didn't want him to continue. I didn't know what he was going to say, but I was scared-scared he would say he loved me, or Anna. I knew I didn't want to hear either of our names mentioned. I didn't want to know. Not now. Not when it would complicate everything. I needed him to just be my best friend.

"I'm tired, Luke." I pulled away from him. "I'm going to go to bed."

He looked at me with sad eyes and I felt myself pulling away from him. I couldn't give him the comfort that he needed at this point. I couldn't tell him that I was going to push Bryce away, because it was the last thing I wanted to do.

"Good night, Luke." I walked away from him slowly and I felt him walking behind me.

"Do you want to Dawson's Creek it tonight?" he whispered, hopefully, and my heart sank.

"Not tonight," I whispered, without looking at him. "Not tonight." My heart felt heavy as I walked into the house and locked the door. I didn't look back to see if Luke was still there or not. I didn't want to think about him. Not now. I didn't understand why he couldn't be happy for me. I had been thinking about-and talking about-Bryce for years. He knew how much I cared about him. I didn't understand why he wasn't more supportive. I wanted him to jump up and down with me. I wanted him to ask me for details and to give me advice on what to do to find out if Bryce really did like me. I wanted him to be happy for me. I sighed as I walked to my room and drew the curtains.

Chapter 12

I was excited as my mom got the food ready for the evening. And my excitement pleased my father who, for some inextricable reason, had decided that he wanted to attend my party. I guess it was his way of trying to influence the younger folks of Jonesville to vote for him. My mother was delighted that both myself and my father were going to be home and was whipping up cookies and cakes to her heart's delight. I wanted to tell her that I was having a party and not an evening soiree, but I didn't want to hurt her feelings. Knowing my friends from the football team, the food would get eaten up, so it really wasn't a big deal.

"Phone, Bryce!" My mom called out to me and I picked it up without thinking.

"Hello?"

"Hey, Bryce," Suzannah's sultry tone purred at me through the phone line and I groaned.

"Oh hey, Suzannah, what's up?" I tried to keep my tone friendly.

"Just checking to see if you want me to come to the party earlier tonight?"

"No, why?" I frowned into the phone. "We aren't together any more, Suz."

"Well not currently," she purred.

"Suz, it's not going to happen." My voice sounded frustrated. "Please accept that."

"You never used to tell me no, Bryce."

"You never slept with my best friend the night before he died before."

"Bryce." Her voice was shocked.

"Sorry," I sighed. "Look, I'm kinda seeing someone else."

"Who?" Her voice was mean and catty. "Not that bitch, Mary?"

"Isn't Mary one of your good friends?"

"I grace her with my presence, yes."

"Look, I have to go," I sighed, eager to be away from this juvenile conversation. "I'll see you later tonight."

"I think we need to-" she continued, but I didn't hear the rest of her sentence because I hung up. I had no interest in what she had to say. The fact that I had dated her so long was proof to me that I had been in a bad state of mind for a really long time.

"Hey, son, can we talk?" My father walked up to me with his political grin and I knew he wanted something from me. I sighed, but knew that this moment was inevitable. I had been waiting for it since I had gotten back.

"Shall we go and talk in the study?" He walked in and sat down before waiting for my answer. "Close the door," he said as I followed him in. I rolled my eyes as I closed the door and sat across from him.

"Yeah?" I questioned him, hurriedly. Whatever he wanted to talk about was not important to me.

"I think you should enroll at Notre Dame and then come and work for me as an aide."

"I don't think so." I spoke quietly but firmly and I saw his nostrils flare.

"It's not a decision you have to make now." He looked at me with narrowed eyes and I felt my insides flare up.

"I have no interest in politics."

"Then what are you going to do? Play football?" he scoffed. "You ruined your chances for the Pro's a long time ago."

"Thanks for your belief in me, dad." I said, dryly, unmoved by his scathing remarks. The truth was, I never wanted to play pro-football in the first place. "I'm thinking about going back to college. I'm not sure where yet and maybe I'll study psychology."

"Psychology." He frowned. "What are you going to do with that?"

"Become a psychologist?"

"I guess you can get into law school with any major. If you want to become a doctor, I suggest studying biology or chemistry."

"I don't want to be a lawyer or a doctor."

"But you want to be a shrink? Who are you going to help? Your crazy mom?"

"How dare you." I stood up and looked at him with hate. "I wish she'd leave your sorry ass of a husband. You're the one who has driven her crazy."

He looked at me with distaste and stood up as well. "You're my son, Bryce, so you know I have worked my hardest to make your life easy and carefree, but you are fast using up your resources, son. I suggest you come up with a plan quickly and leave."

"Oh, I plan on it." I turned my back on him and walked to the door. I looked back at him before entering. "But I'd think long and hard about how you treat mom and me, you wouldn't want it getting out how you treat your family and spend most of your time with your whores." I slammed the door behind me as I walked out and ran up to my room. I couldn't believe that I had just threatened my dad. It was long overdue.

I picked up the phone to call Lexi, but I realized I didn't have her phone number. I really hoped that she came tonight. I wanted to talk to her. To kiss her. To whisper sweet nothings in her ear. She made me feel alive. She made me feel like life was worth living. I wanted to tell her about my idea of being a psychologist. I figured I could really help people. I hoped that she would be encouraging; I needed somebody to have some faith and trust in me, even if it wasn't deserved.

"Bryce honey, your friends will be here soon." My mom knocked on my door and opened it. "Why, don't you look handsome?" She stared at me in my new jeans and navy Rugby short and smiled. "If you weren't my son and I was a bit younger, I'd give those girls a run for their money."

"Mom," I laughed and gave her a hug. "That's so inappropriate."

"Maybe I need to start being inappropriate." She looked at me seriously for a second. "I heard what you said to your dad."

"Oh mom." My eyes widened. "I'm sorry."

"No," she squeezed my arm, "you're right. I thought I was staying in this marriage for you. That's what I told myself. But I don't know why I'm still here now. I don't want this life anymore."

"Mom?" I looked at her in shock, surprised to hear her voice firm and clear.

She laughed at my expression. "I know, I know. You don't expect to hear your old mom talking like this," she sighed. "I'm sorry, son."

"Mom, don't be sorry," I hugged her tight, "I'm soo proud of you."

"Well, don't be too proud until I'm out of this house." She smiled, weakly. "But that's enough for now. Let's go have a party."

"Let's go party." I grinned at her. I knew that tonight was going to be a great night. A really, really great night. I felt like all of a sudden everything was starting to go right in my life. I was soo proud of my mom. I just wanted us to pack our bags and leave, but I knew that it wouldn't be quite that easy.

DING DONG! The doorbell rang and my mom and I grinned at each other.

"Let's get this party started," she smiled and I kissed her on the cheek before running down to answer the door.

"Bro, wassup?" A bunch of my football buddies walked in the door and we gave each other bear hugs. "Looking good, Evans."

"Hey guys, what's up?" I was excited to see the old crew of guys. They all looked pretty much the same, though Josh and Ryan had gained weight.

"Great, man." Ryan threw an arm around my shoulder. "Though I could do with a beer."

"You sure you old enough to drink?" We all laughed at my joke. Ryan had a baby face and had always looked young for his age.

"Dude, I hope you have multiple kegs." Ryan punched me in the arm and I laughed. "Oh, hey, Mrs. Evans."

"Hi, boys." My mom smiled at the guys and flicked her finger. "Follow me into the kitchen if you want some food and drinks."

"That's what's up," Josh laughed and ran after my mom.

"What would you guys like?" My mom pulled out a plate of nachos, chicken wings, hot dogs and chips and the guys grabbed plates and started eating quickly. I laughed at the sight and saw how happy my mom was. I'd have to make sure to eat at home more often so that I could make her happy and support her decision to leave my dad.

DING DONG. The doorbell went again and I rushed to answer it. Unfortunately, my dad got there first. "Why hello, Suzannah, what a pleasure to see you again. Why, Meg, you look beautiful."

"Thanks, Mayor Evans," they echoed and blushed as my dad complimented them. I hurried over to the door.

"Hey, guys," I smiled.

"Bryce." Suzannah walked over to me and stopped right in front of me. "You look wonderful."

"Thanks." I looked into her sparkling blue eyes and smiled back, warmly. "You look great as well."

"Oh thanks," she giggled, "I try." She twirled around in her tight, blue dress and I watched as her golden hair flew through the air. She looked as beautiful as ever. Maybe even more than she did in high school as she had filled out a little bit. "Is your girlfriend here?" She looked around and I sighed.

"I don't have a girlfriend, Suzannah, and no."

"Oh," she pouted, "I wanted to meet her." She grabbed my arm and pushed herself into me. "But I guess that gives us more time to catch up."

"She is coming tonight." I tried to pry away from her.

"It's not that dreadful Mary is it?" She frowned as she looked at me and I saw that cold, calculated look in her eyes that made her look so unattractive.

"Mary what?" Meg came up to us.

"Nothing." Suzannah rolled her eyes.

"Hi, Bryce." She smiled.

"Hi, Meg, you look beautiful tonight."

"Oh thanks," she giggled. I had always felt bad for Meg. She was Suzannah's best friend, but she had always lived in her shadow. It was like she didn't realize just how beautiful she really was. She seemed to think she would have no life if it weren't for Suzannah. She'd even turned down her acceptance at the University of Chicago so that she could go to the local State school with Suzannah.

"How is Mike?"

"Good, thanks." She giggled again. "I think he may propose soon."

"Oh, Meg, do stop talking about yourself. You're insufferable." Suzannah told her friend off as the doorbell went again. "Let's go and get a drink."

"Okay." Meg followed her friend to the kitchen, meekly, and I sighed as I heard my mom squeal when she saw Suzannah. She had always loved Suzannah and was most probably hoping we would get back together. But then she didn't know about Suzannah's betrayal.

"Well it looks like everyone still loves you, eh son?" My dad looked at me with narrowed eyes and I frowned at him.

"I already told you, I'm not going to work for you, dad."

"It would be a shame if everyone knew what Eddie wrote in his suicide note."

"What are you talking about?" I looked at him in shock. "What note? I never heard about any note."

"I kept the note private." He looked at me with a hint of a smile. "The police handed it to me when they found it on the scene. Still in the envelope. Turns out that Eddie didn't just decide to kill himself out of the blue."

"Oh?"

"Turns out that there was an incident-or two incidents-that led to him taking his life."

"Well, aren't you going to share them with me, father?" I kept my voice unwavering, I couldn't let him see how much his words had bothered me.

"No, not now." He smiled and opened his arms. "Go and enjoy your party and your friends. I would hate for anything to ruin your night."

"I'm sure." I turned around and beamed at Suzannah who had walked back out of the kitchen.

"Come on, Bryce, let's get some music on and some lights out."

"Sounds good." I was happy for the opportunity to walk away from my father, but my head was spinning. What exactly had Eddie written? My father had talked about two incidents and I felt my insides shivering. I had a fairly certain idea what the first incident was, but the second one I could only guess at, though I was pretty sure I knew what that was as well. I thought about my reaction from that night and closed my eyes. There were so many things I wished I could change from high school days. Soo many words I said carelessly that had gone on to destroy lives.

And then the doorbell rang again and I rushed to answer it before my father got there.

It was Lexi, my beautiful Lexi. She looked angelic and hopeful standing there in her emerald green dress.

"Hi, Bryce." She smiled sweetly and I kissed her on the cheek.

"Hi, Lexi." I felt the words catch in my throat. I hadn't been sure that she would actually come. I was soo happy that she had. I looked at Anna and Luke standing next to her, with sour looks on their faces, and I could tell that neither of them wanted to be at my party, but who was I to blame them? "Hi Anna, Luke. Thanks for coming."

"Yeah, well, thanks for the invite." Luke said, reluctantly, and I had to admire him for his grace. I didn't know if I would have been so nice. It had been obvious to me for years that Luke had been carrying a torch for Lexi. You had to be blind not to see it. I was envious of their easy friendship and a selfish part of me wanted it to end. I didn't want this handsome, clever guy hanging out with the girl I wanted so much.

"My pleasure," I beamed and flicked my hand through my hair. Lexi watched me and I grinned inside. I hadn't lost my touch. "Come inside please, guys, let's get some drinks."

"Your place is wonderful, Bryce." Anna smiled at me.

"Well, my parents' place," I grinned. "I'm sure my first place will be a pigsty."

"You're moving out?" Anna looked surprised.

"Yes." I spoke without thinking, surprising myself at my quick answer. I hadn't really thought it out before now. "Yes. I'm moving. As soon as I can find a job and pay some rent."

"Lucky," Lexi laughed. "I wish I could move out."

"Why don't you?"

"My mom," she sighed.

"Oh." I cocked my head. "Well maybe you can move out, too."

"I don't think that's a good idea right now," Luke frowned.

"I think it would be fun. You're mom is too crazy," Anna laughed.

"You don't know what you're talking about Anna," Luke admonished her.

"Oh God forbid Lexi moves," Anna said, bitterly.

"Guys." Lexi rolled her eyes and grinned at me. "Who knew my moving would be such a big issue? But I'm twenty-two; I want to be on my own now. In my own place."

"I agree." I linked my arm through hers and walked towards the kitchen. "I think its weird that so many of us still live at home in our twenties. What happened to wanting independence?"

"The economy," Lexi laughed and I smiled at her honesty.

"Oh, money." I nodded.

"I don't think you have a problem with money though, Bryce," Luke interjected. "At least you never did in high school."

"Well my parents were responsible for my upkeep then." I kept my tone normalized.

"You and your friends always seemed so entitled," he continued.

"Luke." Lexi turned around and punched her friend in the arm and I felt a wave of jealousy roll through me. I didn't like to see Lexi touching another guy, especially not a guy I knew had the hots for her.

"Hey, Bryce, let's do shots, man," Ryan called out to me as we walked into the kitchen.

"Sure, what do you want?"

"You got any Tequila?"

"Mom?"

"Look in your father's bar." She looked at me and her eyes widened as she looked at Lexi, Anna and Luke. "Hi, I'm Bryce's mom. I'm not sure we've met before."

"Hi, I'm Lexi." Lexi flushed and I knew she was embarrassed. "These are my best friends Luke and Anna."

"Nice to meet you all." My mom smiled a weaker smile this time and tapped her forehead. "Alright guys, I'm headed up to bed now."

"You don't have to go, mom."

"I'm sure y'all will have a better time without me." She quickly exited the kitchen and I frowned. Something in her mood had changed.

"Evans, turn the music up and let's do some shots," Ryan shouted and I hurried to my father's study, with both Suzannah and Luke staring at me intensely.

I walked into my dad's study and quickly looked through the bar to see what liquor he had. "The party looks like it is going well," he said, smarmily, and I sighed as I looked up.

"It's going fine."

"Interesting choice of party guests."

"Really? I hadn't noticed."

"I didn't realize you liked to mix with the other side of town."

"The other side of town?" I frowned.

"The riff-raff."

"I guess I got it from you then." I stared into his eyes coldly.

"Then you'll know they are good for a quick f**k and that's it."

"It's never a quick f**k when I'm in the bed." We stared at each other in silence, until I heard someone clearing their throat. I looked towards the door and saw Luke staring there and sighed inwardly. I wondered how much he had heard.

"Can I help you, Luke?"

"Lexi thought you might need some help, but it seems like you and your father are otherwise entertained." He gave me a disgusted look and walked out of the door.

"Fuck," I cursed under my breath. I could only hope that Luke wasn't going to go straight to Lexi to tell her what he had heard. I knew that the words did nothing to help my cause. I could feel myself starting to panic. I needed to be alone for a bit. To think and to relax. I knew, from the war, that when I felt like this it was better for me to be alone. I quickly exited the room and ran upstairs to my room. I ran into my room and pulled out two pills and downed them quickly. I wasn't supposed to mix them with alcohol, but I knew I wouldn't be okay without them. I already felt like I was falling out of control. I splashed some water on my face and lay down on my bed and counted to ten. I quickly checked my reflection in the mirror and then ran down the stairs again.

"Hey, Evans, where you been? Where's the tequila?"

"Sorry. We didn't have any. Just beer tonight, guys." I smiled apologetically and looked to make eye contact with Lexi. She smiled at me sweetly and I felt my nerves stop. "Who's ready to party?" I shouted, suddenly happy and I pulled Meg into my arms. "Let's dance, folks." We worked our way into the backyard, by the pool and blasted the music and danced.

"Hey, cutie." I sidled up to Lexi as she walked into the kitchen to get a drink. "Can I get you anything?"

"No, I'm fine, thanks."

"I'm sorry our first date is at a packed party," I whispered in her ear.

"This is a date?" She raised an eyebrow at me.

"I hope so," I grinned and stroked her hair. "I really hope so." I felt my heart pounding as I stared at her. My head felt like it was going to explode and I knew my body was reacting from the alcohol and the pills.

"Well, I don't want to disappoint you."

"Good." I leaned over and stroked her collarbone. "I wish it were just you and me right now. I'd love to take you upstairs and have my wicked way with you."

"Oh really?" She blushed.

"Yes. Do you know what I would do to you?"

"No." Her words were a whisper and I traced my fingers across her luscious and full lips.

"Well, I'd better show you." I leaned down and kissed her softly, melting into her embrace. Kissing her felt so good and all I wanted was to consume her. I needed her like I needed air to breathe. I brought her head in closer to mine and stuck my tongue in her mouth. She kissed me back, passionately and sweetly, and pushed her body into mine. I pushed her back against the cupboards and I could feel my body stirring with lust. I wanted her: here, now, immediately. I felt my hand run up the back of her dress and I could feel her heart pounding beneath me.

"Bryce, what's going on?" Suzannah's voice cried out behind me and I sighed as I turned around and saw her, Meg and Mary standing behind me. "That's the girl you're seeing?" She looked back and forth from me to Lexi and frowned, disbelieving. "You have got to be joking."

"Suzannah." My voice was harsh. "Shut up."

"Don't tell me to shut up."

"I swear Suzannah." My voice rose and I felt my face flushing with anger.

"You swear what?" She smiled an evil smile.

"Bryce." Lexi touched my arm and looked at me with concern. "It's okay."

"Listen to your little pauper girlfriend, Bryce," Suzannah laughed. "You can't expect me to believe you'd rather be with her than with me."

"Get the f**k out of my house." I banged my hand down on the counter. My head was pounding and everyone was starting to look blurred.

"You're only dating her because you feel guilty that your best friend tried to rape her and then killed himself." Suzannah's voice rang out loud and clear and the room was silent.

I turned to look at Lexi and her face was white with shock and embarrassment. I touched her shoulder and she recoiled from me with a hurt look in her eyes. "I didn't tell her, Lexi," I pleaded with her. I couldn't have her thinking I told anyone. "It was Eddie."

"It's okay," she whispered, with unshed tears in her eyes. "I should go."

"No." I pleaded with my eyes. "I was hoping you would stay tonight."

"No. I should go." She looked faint and my surroundings started to sway.

"Lexi, please."

"I'm sorry."

"Let it go, Bryce." Luke pushed past me and grabbed Lexi. "I'll take you home."

"Thanks, Luke." She gave him a huge smile and he gathered her in his arms and they walked towards the front door. I watched as they left and felt something inside of me crumble. I was coming apart. The pills hadn't worked. I wondered if I should take two more.

"Hey, Bryce. I'm always here for you." Suzannah smiled and purred up at me and Mary winked at me. I felt nauseous and couldn't believe I had put up with these girls in high school.

"Hey, what's going on everyone?" Anna walked into the kitchen with a huge smile and a buzzed look on her face.

"Your friends just left, rat face." Suzannah laughed at her.

"What?" Anna frowned.

"Lexi and Luke left." Suzannah laughed. "Ha, even their names go together. I guess they do make a cute couple."

"They aren't together." Anna and I spoke at the same time and I gave her a small smile.

"Do you really think they're not going home to f**k right now?" Suzannah laughed. "You two are soo gullible. I'm sure they've been f**k buddies for years."

"Wash your mouth out, Suz," I growled at her. I turned away from her and walked up the stairs quickly. I needed to lie down for a second. My head was pounding and I could barely keep my eyes open.

***

I woke up in the middle of the night in pitch black and confused. I couldn't really remember the events of the night before and I wasn't sure how I had gotten in bed. But I sensed immediately that there was a naked woman next to me. I could feel her body pressed up against mine and I stilled. I turned to peek at her face, but it was so dark that I wasn't sure who it was.

All I could remember was that Lexi had left with Luke and Suzannah telling me that Lexi and Luke had been f**k buddies for years. Lexi had fooled me by telling me she was a virgin. I had always suspected that she and Luke had more going on than they pretended to have. I felt a jolt of pain dart through my heart and I closed my eyes. I didn't want to think about Lexi. I couldn't afford to think about Lexi. She was nothing to me. She didn't want me now and if she knew the truth about the night with Eddie, she wouldn't want me then either.

I reached over and pulled the woman closer to me and closed my eyes as I ran my hands up and down her naked body. She groaned as she woke up and leaned over to kiss me. The kiss wasn't especially sensual, but it was filled with need. I kissed her hard and she kissed me back hard. She ran her hands up and down my chest and I rolled her over onto her back. I still had my jeans on, so I undid them and pulled them off, throwing them across the floor. I didn't think about what I was doing. I just did it.

As I reached down and slid into her, I felt my body go numb. I moved in and out like a robot as she groaned under me. She wriggled against me and grabbed me, yet I felt nothing for this unknown woman. Only the need to relieve myself of my pent up frustration. I was disgusted with myself for having sex with this woman, when my heart was with another. I finished quickly and pulled out, as I was about to finish. I rolled over and lay in the bed with my back to her. She cuddled up to me and I sighed. I'd have to have a talk with Suzannah in the morning. I'd have to tell her that this meant nothing and I didn't want to be back with her. Just because Lexi had someone else didn't mean I was just going to settle.

My head was aching when I finally woke up in the morning. The sunlight streaming through my window roused me out of my sleep. I stretched and immediately stilled as I felt the naked body pressed up against me. I went to slide out of the bed but I felt her hand reach around and grab me. I sighed as I turned towards Suzannah, hoping she wasn't going to make this more difficult than it needed to be.

"Morning," she whispered as she kissed my back and I pushed her hand away from me. I didn't want her to mistake my morning hardness for wanting her.

"Morning." I turned over, ready to have the conversation and my heart stilled as I made eye contact. I felt my heart sink and my eyes widen as I saw who was in my bed. It wasn't Suzannah who had decided to stay the night and, as I closed my eyes, I wondered how the hell I was going to get out of this mess.

Chapter 13

"I've come to take you out for pancakes." Luke showed up at my door bright and early with a huge smile.

"Ugh. I just want to go back to sleep," I groaned and let him in.

"No more sleeping."

"Let me sleep, jail warden." I stuck my tongue out at him and rubbed my head. "I have a headache and I just want to forget last night."

"Lexi, at least you know now, before it's too late." Luke's voice was calm and patient.

"What?" I sighed. "That Bryce told the whole school my business, that everyone thinks I'm the reason why Eddie killed himself, which I may be, or because Bryce seems to have an anger/alcohol problem?"

"Lexi, you're not responsible for Eddie's death." Luke put his arm around me as I sat down on my bed.

"I just don't know what to think, Luke." I put my head on his shoulder. "I've hated him for so long for what he tried to do, but, I mean, he had to have some sort of issues."

"Whatever issues he had weren't your fault, Lexi."

"Maybe I could have saved him?"

"How could you have saved your near ra**st, Lexi?" Luke pulled my face up to his. "Look, Lexi, you are not at fault here."

"I know," I sighed. "It just seems too much."

"You know Bryce and his friends have issues. It comes from being too privileged."

"Bryce is a good guy, Luke," I sighed.

"Whatever." Luke rolled his eyes. "He's not good enough for you."

"I like him, Luke." I stared at him. "I want to get to know him better. I want to be there for him."

"Why, Lexi? You barely know him." He sighed and pulled away from me. "I just don't understand, what does he have that makes him so irresistible to you?"

"There's just something about him."

"You don't even know him, Lexi. He's just some guy from high school. Okay, so he's blond and hot, and he was the football star. But we are adults now."

"Luke, he saved me from being raped. Do you understand that?"

"He's not your savior, Lexi. You were nearly raped by his best friend," he shouted at me. "It was the least he could do."

"He saved me, Luke," I cried out to him. "Why don't you understand?"

"I'm sorry, Lexi. I'm sorry I wasn't there," he cried out in anguish.

"It's not your fault, Luke." I stared at his pained face. "I don't blame you for not being there."

"I can't keep doing this, Lexi," he sighed and stood up. "I can't just sit by and watch you fling yourself at a guy who doesn't deserve you."

"Who does deserve me, Luke?" I jumped up. "I don't see many guys knocking my door down. I'm fed up of being alone."

"You don't have to be alone, Lexi." He spoke quietly and I stilled. I was scared at what he was going to say next. "I've always been here for you."

"You're my best friend, Luke."

"Maybe I want to be more."

"No, no you don't." My words were panicked and unsure. "You're just confused." I stepped away from him and avoided his gaze.

"Haven't you ever thought about it?" His voice was pained. "We get on so well."

"Anna likes you," I burst out. "I swear to God, she likes you."

"I don't like Anna like that."

"You don't know. Please Luke," I cried, "I can't deal with this right now."

"With what, Lexi? Living in reality? Does it always have to be a daydream? You don't even know Bryce."

"I do." I looked in his eyes and my heart broke at the intense emotion I saw reflected there. "I'm sorry, Luke."

"Yeah." He sat on my bed. "What can I say? I tried."

"You don't know Bryce like I do, Luke." I sighed and pulled out a small box from under my bed and opened it and pulled out a handful of letters. "These are from Bryce."

"What are they?" He looked at me in confusion.

"I wrote to him when he went to war." I bit my lip. "We corresponded for about a year. He's a good guy, Luke. A sincere guy."

"But he's been gone for longer than a year." He frowned.

"I stopped writing." I looked at him, anxiously. "I didn't want to out myself and I didn't want to live in a dream world. I know you are worried for me, Luke. I know you think I don't know him. But I do. He's a good guy, Luke. A really good guy. He just has a lot of scars."

"We all do, Lexi," he sighed.

"Luke, your life is perfect. You're smart, handsome, with great parents, money and you have me as a best friend." I tried to make a joke at the end and he smiled back at me vacantly.

"Sometimes the deepest scars are the ones you don't see, Lexi." His words were clipped and short and something inside of me broke. I didn't know what he was talking about, but I knew that the burden I was carrying was eating me up inside.

"So can I see one of the letters?" Luke interrupted my reverie and offered me a half-smile. "If he's going to be your boyfriend, I suppose I should see just how deep he really is."

"Oh, Luke." I pulled him towards me and gave him a hug. "I love you soo much. I don't know what I would ever do without you."

Luke pulled out a letter and opened it. "Can I read it out loud?"

"Sure," I smiled. I wanted him to understand why Bryce was so near and dear to my heart.

"Ok, well he has nice handwriting." He laughed and opened up the letter.

Dear Miss,

Your last letter couldn't have come at a better time for me. One of my friends was sent home last week, due to a injury in combat. It's weird writing that. I never thought that I would ever write those words. But, then again, I never thought I would be in the military either. I was never a fan of watching war movies when I growing up. Did you know I had to keep my eyes closed through most of 'Saving Private Ryan'?

Thanks for the brownies you sent. They went down a treat. I shared them with my unit and they all say anytime you want to send more, feel free. You're a good cook. I'm going to go out on a limb and guess you are a baker or in culinary school? Am I right? Sorry if I'm prying too much. I just want to get to know as much about you as possible. Did you know that when I was in high school I took a home economics class? My best friend and I thought it would be a great way to meet girls. Ssh, don't tell anyone.

I wanted to let you know how important your letters are to me. When I read them, I feel like I have a kindred spirit out there. Someone who understands what it means to feel confused and misunderstood by life. Someone who also has inner pains that no one knows about. Sometimes I think that life has thrown me a wrench because everyone else thinks I've had it too good. And maybe that's the way it should be. I've done some really horrible things in my life. And had some real tragedies. Sometimes I just want to die. I'm sorry if that sounds morbid, but sometimes when I look in the mirror and I see this golden boy that everyone loves, I think to myself, if only everyone knew the real you, would they love you then?

I've been such a selfish boy in my life and now that I'm becoming a man, (the war will do that to you) I want to be a better person. A bigger person. I want to be a person that I can respect and, hopefully, one day you respect as well.

I hope to hear from you soon. With all the love and thanks from my unit.

Bryce

Luke's voice trailed off as he finished reading the letter and he looked up at me with a half-smile. "So, I'll give it to you. He's deeper than I thought."

"He's a nice guy, Luke."

"So does he know you wrote the letters?" He paused. "I'm confused by the Miss name."

"No, not yet. Unless he figured it out." I smiled, wistfully. "That would be kind of awesome though, if he knew it was me all along."

"That would be romantic." Luke's voice was tense. "I guess you guys are meant to be."

I grabbed his hand and looked into his eyes. "You know, I've always believed in soul mates, Luke. I think he could be the one."

"If you think so, Lexi. That's what is most important." He squeezed my hand back. "I just want you to be happy."

"He makes me soo happy, Luke. It's like he gets the inner me and wants to know the inner me. It's like he was made for me."

"I see."

"He is, literally, my Prince Charming. He saved me once and I feel like he is going to save me again."

"Save you from what?"

"My mom." I rolled my eyes. "I can't take it anymore, Luke. I don't want to break her heart or leave her penniless, but I can't sacrifice my life to stay here with her."

"You're not sacrificing your life, Lexi." He looked at me with a concerned look. "She's your mom."

"You don't understand," I sighed.

"Not like Bryce does, huh?" He sighed as well.

"He knows things that you don't." I looked down, embarrassed.

"I see." I could tell he was hurt. "Well I guess that puts me in my place."

"I didn't tell him, Luke." I felt my heart break at his face. "I didn't want to tell you because I was embarrassed."

"You never have to be embarrassed about anything with me."

"My mom had an affair with Bryce's dad."

"The Mayor?" Luke looked at me in shock. "What?"

"Yeah. When we were in high school and then after we graduated, for a bit."

"No way." He blinked as if trying to get his head around it. "And Bryce knows?"

"Yeah." I shrugged. "He already knew."

"I wonder when he found out."

"No idea."

"I'm surprised he doesn't hate you."

"Why would he hate me?" I frowned. "I didn't do anything."

"People aren't always reasonable in their hate." He looked out of the window and stared at his bedroom. "It's funny. All these years and we've been friends and shared everything, and yet I found out you've kept two huge secrets from me."

"I didn't mean to."

He turned around and looked at me. "I understand how some things are private and dear to your heart, but I've always thought that we were so close that we shared everything. I always thought we had one of those friendships that transcended everything."

"But we do, Luke." I ached at his words.

"No," he said slowly. "I don't think we do."

"I've told you everything now, Luke. Please don't be mad," I pleaded.

He stared into my eyes and frowned. "You know what, Lexi, I don't think you have."

"What?" I looked at him, astounded. "What do you mean?"

"I think there's something else." He blinked and looked away.

"What do you mean?" I stared at him with my heart pounding.

"Is there anything else you want to tell me, Lexi?"

"No." My voice was small, but firm. I couldn't tell him about the one thing that still haunted me. I just couldn't. It was too painful.

"Okay." He smiled, tightly. "So do you still want to get pancakes or should I go look for apartments now?"

"Apartments?" I frowned. "You're moving out?"

"Well, I think I have to move if I want to study at MIT." He smiled.

"So you decided?"

"Yeah. I'm thinking it's time for me to move forward."

"Oh." The single syllable that fell from my mouth was not enough to convey the deep pain I felt at his words. "I guess you should go look at apartments then. I'm not too hungry right now."

"Okay. I'll see you later." Luke walked out of my room without giving me a hug and I felt the tears streaming down my face. I ran into the bathroom and turned on the shower. As I stood there, my tears mingling with the gushing water of the shower, I felt heartbroken, alone and desolate. I felt like I had never felt as bleak as I did in this moment. I knew that something in my life had irrevocably changed. I wasn't sure where Luke and I were going to go from here, but the days of being best friends and having Dawson Creek nights seemed to be long gone.

Chapter 14

"I'm sorry you had to take me home," she giggled. "I don't have a car."

"It's no problem." I tried to keep my voice cordial. I wasn't quite sure how I was going to get out of this one.

"I should really get one, but my dad is scared of me driving. He thinks that I'm absent minded." She laughed, nervously.

"Well, sounds like he is being over protective. I can understand that."

"Yeah. Lexi says if he could keep me home all day he would."

I flinched as she mentioned Lexi's name and she must have noticed, because she turned red after she spoke. "Oh, I didn't mean to mention her." She nibbled on her fingernails. "I told myself I was not going to mention her."

"Hey, it's okay." I looked over at Anna and tried to smile. "Don't stress."

"Thanks, Bryce." She rested her hand on my leg and it was all I could do to not push it off of me. "I know she was excited about the party and I'm sure you must have been surprised to hear that she wrote you those letters. I just feel a bit bad."

"The letters?" I frowned and turned to look at her quickly. "What letters?"

"Oh shit," she groaned. "I've done it again, haven't I?" She turned away from me and moaned. "I think I've lost my mind. After last night and all." She giggled and I sighed. The less she said about the previous night, the better it was for me.

"What letters, Anna?" I pulled over to the side of the road and turned off the engine.

"Lexi wrote you those letters when you were in Iraq, or Afghanistan, or wherever."

"Lexi wrote the letters?" I frowned, confused. "Are you sure?"

"Yes. I'm sure," she said, angrily. "She's had a crush on you since high school. She felt like you might need some support after Eddie killed himself. And she was able to be herself in her letters."

"Oh my gosh." My heart started pounding.

"I feel bad, you know." Anna continued. "She's been enamored with you for so long, but you chose me."

I stared at her in silence, unsure of what to say. How could I have been so stupid?

"I've been jealous of her for so long, you know. She and Luke have been so close and I always feel like the third wheel, but I've won the real prize. I lost my virginity to you and now here we are, together." She giggled and stared at me under her lashes.

"What did you just say?"

"Which part?"

"Nothing." I didn't want to hear any of those words again. She had been a virgin? How many virgins at twenty-two were there in Jonesville? And she thought we were together? I didn't know what to say. This could not be happening to me. Anna was a sweet girl and a pretty girl, but she wasn't the girl I wanted to be with.

"Do you want to go for breakfast before you take me home?"

"Uhm, I can't. Sorry." There was no way I wanted anyone to see me in public with Anna. What if they guessed what had happened and it got back to Lexi? OMG, what if Anna told Lexi? I couldn't believe this was happening to me. Lexi was the one who had sent me the letters. It made so much sense to me now. No wonder she felt my pain about my dad, it was the same pain she felt.

"Oh." She tapped her fingers across the window. "Maybe you'd like to come to dinner with me and my dad tonight? You could meet my pets."

"That sounds nice, but I don't think so." I took a deep breath. "I'm sorry Anna, I..."

"Don't say it." She gave me a pained smile. "I should have known you weren't ready to date yet."

"Well, that's not exactly what..."

"Bryce. It's okay. I just want to forget last night ever happened."

"I am so sad, Anna. I took my pills and mixed them with alcohol. I was out of it."

"Well then." I could see tears brimming in her eyes.

"I didn't mean it like that. You are a beautiful woman, Anna, any guy would be happy to have you."

"Not the ones I want."

"I don't know what to say."

"Just take me home, please." She huddled into the door. "I just want to go home."

"Okay." I started the engine again. I wanted to ask her to not tell anyone about what had happened, but I wasn't sure how I could do that without coming off as even more of a prick.

"You don't have to worry about me telling anyone either," she whispered. "I'd rather Luke didn't know."

"I won't say a word." I breathed a sigh of relief.

"Thanks." She turned away from me and we rode in silence until we pulled up to her house. "Can I ask you something, Bryce?"

"Sure."

"Do you miss Eddie?" She cocked her head to the side and looked at me with a weird expression.

"Yes," I said, softly. "Yes, I miss him a lot."

"Even after what he tried to do with Anna?"

"Yes." I looked away quickly. "Why are you asking?"

"I miss him." She touched my arm and I looked up to see tears running through her eyes. "I really miss him."

"I..." I paused, unsure of what to say next.

"I tutored him in maths." She smiled, weakly. "He didn't want anyone to know, so we never told anyone."

"I didn't know."

"I fell in love with him." She looked dejected. "I thought he was a better person, but then he tried to rape Lexi and I didn't know what to say or do. He tried calling me a few times, but I ignored him."

"I'm sure he understood why."

"And then he killed himself." She looked at me with pleading eyes. "Sometimes I think that, if I had just answered the phone and given him a shoulder to lean on, that maybe he'd still be here."

"It wasn't your fault, Anna." I grabbed her hands. "It wasn't your fault."

"I just never understood why he did that," she cried out. "I loved him. I didn't understand why he wanted her and not me."

I looked at her, feeling her pain and confusion. It was a strange position that we were both in. "And then I feel like some evil human being. How can I be sad that the guy who tried to rape my best friend didn't like me enough? I'm a mess."

"Anna. You're not a mess."

"Sometimes I just want to die," she whispered. "I'm always second best."

"You're not second best."

She laughed, bitterly. "That's rich coming from you, Bryce."

"I don't want to hurt you, Anna." I closed my eyes. "I'm not the guy you think I am. You're better off being with someone who loves you."

"But no one loves me."

"Your dad loves you and Lexi loves you." I rubbed my temples. "That's two more people that love you and not me."

"Oh, everyone loves you, Bryce Evans." She laughed and wiped away her tears. "You're the golden child of Jonesville."

"But I shouldn't be," I said, under my breath.

"I should go," Anna sighed. "My dad will be waiting for me."

"Okay." I watched her get out of the car and walk to her front door with a heavy heart. I was ashamed of myself for all the pain I had caused her. It wasn't meant to be like this. I was meant to be different now. My return to Jonesville was meant to be the start of a new journey in my life but I was already screwing up. Only, this time, I had really, really screwed up. I needed to go and see Lexi. And I needed to tell her everything. I needed to tell her how much she meant to me. I needed to tell her I knew about the letters. And I needed to tell her about that night with Eddie. Even if it meant she never wanted to talk to me again.

"You need to tell her about Anna as well," I mumbled to myself, under my breath and I felt my skin going clammy. But I knew I couldn't tell her about Anna. That was something I didn't think she would ever be able to forgive. And I needed her forgiveness. I needed her to accept me into her life. I needed her to heal me.

***

I drove to Lexi's house. I knew where she lived because Eddie and I had followed her mom home one night, when we'd been spying on my dad. I had known that my dad was cheating, but I hadn't known who with, and so Eddie and I had followed my dad for two weeks. I'd wondered what this lady had that my mother hadn't and so we had followed her home. I'd been surprised when I'd seen her: she was pretty, but not prettier than my mother.

Eddie and I had sat outside of her house at least five times waiting to see if anything interesting would happen. We'd seen Lexi once. She had been laughing with her mom about something and it had infuriated me. It was the week after my mom had been hospitalized for alcohol poisoning. She had told everyone it was the flu, but I knew the truth. I had heard the doctor talking to her, telling her to lay off the booze. He had suggested she join AA but she had said no, there was no way the Mayor's wife could show up to AA.

I'm not really sure how we had come up with the plan. Eddie and I had just been sitting there and I had felt such hatred at that time. I had turned to him and made a simple comment about something happening to Lexi to make her mother back off of my father and to just leave him alone. I hadn't told him to rape her. I would never have suggested such a thing. I never would have thought he could have done such a thing either. He was a good guy. A loyal friend. My best friend.

I sighed as I pulled up outside of her house. So many memories came to mind and I nearly drove away. The closer I was to telling her everything, the less I wanted to. I felt like she was my path to redemption, but I didn't know if I deserved it. And, if she turned away from me, I wasn't sure what I was going to do. I debated backing out and leaving, but I knew that the time had come. We couldn't move forward in our relationship without her knowing the truth, and without me knowing if she wanted to be with Luke or not. I got out of my car and stretched, feeling more scared that I ever had when I was in the Marines.

I rang the doorbell with my heart in my throat. "Did you bring me pancakes?" Lexi opened the door with a huge smile. "Oh, Bryce."

"Expecting someone else?"

"No." She shook her head and waved me inside. "I'm surprised to see you."

"I wanted to apologize for how everything went down last night."

"It wasn't your fault." She smiled at me, sweetly, her brown eyes seeming to gaze into my soul.

"I should have known Suzannah was going to try to make trouble." I rolled my eyes. "Heaven knows she always tried to when we were younger."

"She is very beautiful." Lexi was wistful and I grabbed her hand.

"Not as beautiful as you," I said, sincerely, and her breath caught. "Can we go to your room to talk?"

"Talk?" She smiled, mischievously. "Let's go to my room."

"Is your mom here?" I looked around and she laughed.

"No, she's at work." And she grabbed my hand and ran up the stairs. "Now, just how sorry are you, Bryce Evans?" She pushed me up against the door and kissed me, her wet hair brushing across my face. "Your lips are so soft for a guy's," she whispered as she kissed me.

"And yours taste like cotton candy." I crushed her against me and kissed her hard, running my hands up and down her back and savoring her smell. "And you smell like early morning dew, so fresh and clean."

"Well, I should," she smiled. "I just got out of the shower."

"You did?" I raised an eyebrow.

"I did." She grinned and pulled her top off and I stood there, staring at her body in amazement. "See. I'm still damp." She grabbed my hand and pressed it against her bra. The fabric was wet. I slipped a finger in and touched her breast lightly and felt a drop of water. I pulled my finger out quickly and grinned at her.

"That you are."

"You can touch me, you know." She grabbed my hand again. "I don't mind."

"I would love to touch you, Lexi." My voice was raspy. "I want to hold you close and feel every part of you."

"So come." She led me to her bed and pulled me down with her.

"We should talk first."

"I don't need to talk." She pulled me towards her. "I just need us to be."

"I know you sent the letters." I held her gently and looked at the shock in her eyes. "Don't ask how I know. I just know."

"I ... I, don't know what to say." Her eyes were bright with unshed tears. "I had hoped you knew but, deep inside, I thought it was impossible."

"Wait, I don't think you understand. I know now. I didn't always know."

"But you figured it out." She kissed me and pulled off my shirt. "You figured it out, Bryce."

"Lexi, I think I love you." My breath caught as I watched her take off her bra. "What are you doing?"

"I want to be with you, Bryce." She looked into my eyes, deeply. "I want you to be my first."

"I don't know, Lexi." I took a deep breath as she guided my fingers to her nipple. "I have something else to tell you."

"It doesn't matter."

"Oh, but it does." I sighed as I felt her tugging at my jeans and I leaned down to nuzzle her. She gasped with pleasure and, for a moment, all I thought about was pleasuring her and making her mine. All I wanted was for us to make a union that could never be broken. "Wait, Lexi. We have to talk before we go forward." I took a deep breath. "There is something you have to know."

"What is it?" She pulled her tracksuit pants down so that she was lying there in her underwear and I felt it hard to concentrate. She was so beautiful and so trusting. "Take your jeans off."

"Wait, what?" I pulled them off and she grinned at me.

"You are as hot as I thought you were."

"Yeah, right." I laughed and stopped her hand as she tugged on my boxer shorts. "Wait, Lexi."

"I don't want to wait anymore."

"It's about the night with Eddie."

"Huh?" She looked up at me in surprise and her hand dropped away from my shorts. "What about it?"

"It was the reason why I knew where you were going to be."

"You mean, when you saved me?" She looked confused.

"Yeah." I sighed and looked away in shame. "You see, I already knew that Eddie was going to get you away from the dance that night. We had planned it. Not the rape. I would never have agreed to that. But he was meant to sort of scare you. Rough up your dress with some mud. We just wanted you to rush home and be upset. That was it."

"You knew he was going to try and rape me?" She looked at me with huge eyes and pulled away from me.

"No." I looked at her, earnestly. "He was just meant to rough you up in some mud. Nothing to hurt you. I swear. But when I realized you were gone a long time, I started to worry that something had gone wrong, so I came to look for you."

"He was trying to pull down my underwear." She looked at me with a pained look on her face. "He had me down on the ground so I couldn't move and he was trying to pull my underwear down."

"I'm so sorry, Lexi. I never ever meant for that to happen. You have to believe me. Please." I grabbed her hands and pulled her towards me. "I love you, Lexi."

"You nearly had me raped?" Her voice was distant and she looked at me in confusion. "I don't understand."

"Remember my letters?" I pleaded with her. "Remember I told you about something that went horribly wrong and I blamed myself for it? I was talking about that night."

"So it was just Eddie?"

"Yes." I closed my eyes and tried to calm myself down. "He wasn't supposed to do that. We argued terribly after that. I cut him off. I wouldn't talk to him. He then slept with Suzannah and I told him I never wanted to see him again. And then he killed himself." I heard the words as if someone else was saying them. "I honestly don't know how it all led to that. I loved him like a brother. He was always there for me. And I turned my back on him, just like everyone else."

"It wasn't your fault that he killed himself, Bryce." She grabbed my hand and pulled in close to me. "Just like it wasn't my fault."

"I could have done more. I shouldn't have put him in that situation." I held her close to me as my tears ran into her hair. "He never should have died."

"So that's why you joined the marines?" she whispered.

"I had to. I had screwed up too many times. I had hurt so many people. I didn't want to be my father's son anymore."

"You're not your dad, Bryce."

"I nearly was, Lexi."

"But you're not." She pulled away from me and stared into my eyes. "I love you too, Bryce. I forgive you." She leaned over and kissed me and I melted into her with gratitude, holding her close to my heart. I felt myself become aroused as her br**sts crushed into my chest.

"You don't know how much those words mean to me, Lexi." I traced my fingers all over her body and she went still, breathing deeply. "We don't have to do this if you don't want to, Lexi."

"I do." She opened her eyes and looked at me sweetly. "But I don't as well."

"I can wait." I smiled at her, widely. "I could wait a lifetime for you."

"Well I don't think you'll have to wait a lifetime," she grinned.

"I promise, no more secrets." I gazed into her eyes and tried to blank out the events of the previous night.

"No more secrets." She pulled me towards her and kissed me hard. I heard both of our heartbeats loudly beating in conjunction.

Chapter 15

I lay against Bryce and felt complete. I was surprised at how easy it had been to forgive him for what he had told me. I had been shocked, but I felt like he must love me very much if he had told me. He didn't have to tell me, there was no way I would have found out. I couldn't believe that he was here in my bed. I'd dreamt of this happening for what seemed like years. I'd never imagined that it would actually come to fruition. And yet, I wasn't completely happy. I still had an ache in my heart. I looked to my window, glad that my blinds were drawn and that Luke couldn't see Bryce in the room with me.

"What do you want to do this afternoon?" Bryce smiled at me as he cupped my breast.

"I'm not sure." I turned towards him. "What do you want to do?"

"Hmm, maybe I shouldn't answer that."

"I wouldn't say no." I grinned.

"I want it to be special." He ran his fingers through my hair. "I want your first time to be romantic, and special and I want there to be fireworks."

"I think I can hear some fireworks now."

"Don't tease me, Lexi. You're driving me crazy." He laughed and rolled out of the bed. "Let's get dressed and go out somewhere."

"You don't want to stay in bed?" I looked up at him and made my sexiest face.

"If you keep looking at me like that, we will never leave the bed." He laughed and pulled up his pants. "Let's go and do something fun."

"Fine." I grabbed my bra and pulled it on.

"Well you didn't have to do that." He laughed.

"Oh, I forgot, you haven't seen naked br**sts in years have you?" I laughed and he turned away from me.

"Shall we go to a farm?"

"That would be fun." I laughed and grabbed my phone. "Let me call Anna and see if she wants to come. I feel so bad but we left her at your house yesterday."

"I'm sure she got home okay." Bryce turned around quickly. "Can't it just be us today?"

"Well, sure. I just want to make sure she is okay before we leave." I started dialing the numbers. Bryce grabbed my hands and pushed me down on the bed, kissing me intensely, and I melted into him again, feeling things in my body that I had never felt before.

"I want the day to be about us." He caressed my face. "Go away with me."

"What?" I frowned. "That was like two thoughts in one," I laughed.

"Let's go away together. Just you and me."

"I have to work, Bryce. I have a job. Plus I'm Anna's ride to work. I can't just take off like that."

"Don't you ever just want to be adventurous?" He kissed my neck. "I have money saved from my time in the Marines. We could go to Hawaii or London or Australia, anywhere you want to go."

"I'd like to go to Los Angeles," I laughed. "I'd like to go and see some stars."

"So let's go."

"Maybe in a few weeks? I can ask for the time off."

"I was thinking like now." He laughed and lay back on the bed.

"Are you okay, Bryce?"

"Yeah," he groaned. "This is wonderful. I'm just anxious."

"Why?" I frowned at him.

"I just feel like it can't be this easy. We can't just find each other and be together so easily. I just feel like life doesn't work this way for me."

"You took the words out of my mouth." I sighed and sat up. "There is something you need to know, Bryce."

"Uh oh," he groaned. "Do I want to hear this?"

"I don't know." I bit my lip and thought for a moment. "I don't know if it's my place to tell you this."

"Oh shit. Why do I think I'm about to come crashing back to reality?"

"So you know our parents dated for a few years."

"I know they cheated for a few years."

I tried not to let his words bother me and I continued. "Do you know why they broke up?"

"My dad found someone new?" Bryce laughed, bitterly. "Did he move onto a younger and better looking model?"

"Hey." I poked him in the arm, hard.

"Sorry, but isn't that what normally happens?"

"I don't know. My dad isn't in my life." My voice was bitter and upset and he looked at me in concern.

"Sorry, Lexi, I didn't mean to be rude."

"It's okay." I smiled at him quickly, not wanting to ruin the easy camaraderie we had. But I was upset. He was being quite rude about my mother, ruder than I thought he had the right to be.

"So why did my philanderer dad and your slutty mom break up?"

"My mom's not a slut, Bryce."

"Well she knew my dad was married, right? Who in Jonesville doesn't know the Mayor is married with a golden child?"

"You're not exactly a golden child though, are you?"

"I've made some mistakes, yes," he sighed. "Look, I'm sorry. I'm choosing the wrong words. I'm just anxious to hear what you have to say."

"We have a sister."

"Just please tell me, wait, what?" He frowned at me. "Please, dear God, tell me you are not my sister."

"I'm not your sister." I laughed. "That would be gross."

"Okay, so repeat what you said." He wiped his temple.

"We have a younger sister."

"We have a sister?" He looked around the room and I laughed.

"She doesn't live here."

"Well she doesn't live at my house either."

"She's at the Jonesville orphanage."

"The orphanage?" He frowned. "Why?"

"Because they didn't want her, obviously. It's not like your dad was going to leave your mom to come marry my mom and raise their bastard child."

"So why didn't she raise her by herself? She raised you as a single mom, right?"

"Why should she hold the responsibility to raise their child?" My voice rose. "That's a really unfair thing to say."

"I'm not blaming her." He tried to hold my hand and I pulled away.

"Well, it's not her fault." I frowned. "Anyways, we have a sister and she's four now."

"What's her name?" He tried to sidle up to me and I stood up.

"I don't know."

"You don't know?" He looked at me in disbelief.

"I don't know anything about her. I just know she's at the orphanage."

"And you've never been there to see her or anything?"

"No. Have you?"

"I didn't know."

"Now you do." I stood there with my arms crossed against my heaving chest. I felt like crying. I didn't understand why we were arguing like this.

"I'm sorry, Lexi." He came up to me and held his arms out stiffly. "I'm trying to be a better guy." He gave me a winning smile and I went into his arms, though his embrace didn't comfort me as much as I thought it would.

I realized, at that point, that I wanted Luke. I wanted him to hold me close and to sing a silly song to make me better. I closed my arms. I missed Luke. I didn't understand why he couldn't be happy for me. I was here, happy and in love with Bryce. Bryce Evans. The quarterback of the football team. The guy every girl in high school had wanted to be with. The guy who I had dreamt about for years. The blond God of my dreams. Why couldn't he understand that I finally felt like a someone. People in Jonesville would respect me now. They would actually know who I was. I would be a somebody.

"So what do you think?" Bryce whispered in my ear and I blinked up at him.

"Sorry, what?"

"Shall we go to Harpers Creek?"

"You want to go to the Creek?" I was surprised at his words.

"Yeah. We can go and just relax, maybe do some fishing. Just the two of us."

"I guess so." I paused. "Don't you want to talk about our sister?"

"No, not right now." He frowned. "I don't blame you for keeping this a secret, Lexi."

"I feel so guilty." I looked up at him. "I feel like I should do something for her. Tell someone about her."

"Who are you going to tell?" He shook his head. "There's nothing we can do, Lexi. It's probably best you kept it a secret."

"It doesn't feel right." I cried out. "I don't feel right. This has been haunting me for years." I couldn't believe that he wasn't more upset or astounded.

"I forgive you, Lexi. It's okay."

"Thanks." I turned away from him. I didn't need his forgiveness. That wasn't why I had been anxious. I was worried because I thought he would want to confront our parents and demand that they do better for our sister. I couldn't believe that he just didn't seem to care.

"I was thinking we could go to the Creek and talk about the letters." He smiled and me and his blue eyes sparkled. "I still can't believe that you are Miss. I was looking for you."

"Wait, what?" I frowned. "How did you figure out it was me? What part of the letters?"

"Lexi, every word you wrote should have told me it was you." He kissed my forehead. "We were fated to be together."

"Do you believe in soul mates?" I asked him, softly.

"I believe you're my soul mate." He looked at me with intense eyes. "We were made for each other."

I smiled at his words, the words I had always wanted to hear. But I felt confused and detached. I shook my shoulders; it had been a long twenty-four hours. Anyone in my position would be confused. It was only natural. I had to keep telling myself that. It was only natural. My ringing phone broke into my thoughts and I walked over to it, slowly, answering it without looking at the caller ID.

"Hello."

"Lexi." It was Luke. Just hearing his voice made me happy. He wasn't mad at me.

"Hey," I answered, eagerly. "I'm so happy you called."

"I wanted to apologize for this morning. I kinda just slammed that on you all at once, it wasn't fair."

"It's okay." I whispered into the phone and turned away from Bryce, who was looking at me with a curious look on his face.

"No, it's not. I know how you feel about Bryce and I know that things are looking up for you there. I should have been happy for you." He paused. "Anyways, I called to invite you out this afternoon."

"Oh?"

"I thought you, me and Anna could go to Chicago. I'll drive." He laughed.

"You know I don't have gas money for Chicago."

"Or maybe we can go on a hayride and have a midnight picnic."

"That sounds like fun."

"I promise I won't pretend to be a scarecrow."

"What? No scaring the little kids?" I laughed.

"And the dog will stay at home."

"And no slobber," I grinned into the phone.

"Exactly; I promise not to slobber on you."

"Oh Luke, hahaha." I couldn't stop laughing and I saw Bryce sitting on the bed, frowning. "I'm going to have to take a rain check. I have plans."

"Oh, with Bryce?"

"Yeah." I tried to keep my voice light. I didn't want to rub it in Luke's face.

"Well, I would say invite him, but maybe that's not such a good idea right now." Luke's laugh sounded forced and I wanted to cry at the awkwardness.

"Soon, though. Soon we can all hang out."

"Yeah. Hopefully before I move." And then he hung up. I looked at the phone as I closed it and faked a smile at Bryce.

"That was Luke, he wanted us to hang out."

"Oh? That would have been fun."

"I thought you didn't want to hang out with Luke and Anna."

"Oh, Anna was going to be there as well?" His face blanched.

"Yeah. We love to all hang out together."

"Oh, okay. Well, maybe another time." He smiled. "I really wanted to go to Harpers Creek today."

"Yeah. Let's go to the creek." I picked up my bag.

"It'll be fun. You'll see Lexi. Just you and me, away from the stress of the city."

We walked down the stairs to his car and my breath caught as he pulled me towards him and gave me a big kiss before we got into the car. He was so handsome. So masculine. So into me. I felt like I should feel like the luckiest woman in the world. I was twenty-two and it seemed to me like my whole life was finally coming together. I tried to ignore the voice in the back of my head that told me it was all falling apart.

Chapter 16

I thought I was going to have a heart attack when Lexi got the phone call. I thought, for sure, that everything was going to be over before it started. Part of me wanted to make love to her, so that we could have that bond. I knew how girls were about sex, I knew it would be harder for her to walk away from me then. But I couldn't do it. I was honest when I told her that I wanted our first time to be romantic. I wanted her to see fireworks and explosions. I wanted her to feel like she was in heaven. And now wasn't the time. I wasn't going to bind her to me with sex.

"So, tell me about your experience in the marines." She looked at me with a concerned expression. "That is, if it doesn't hurt too much."

"It does and it doesn't." I thought about everything I had been through and about the nightmares. I thought about the pills I had to take. I didn't want to tell her about the darkness. I didn't want to tell her about the things I had seen. "I became a man in the marines." I tapped my hands against the steering wheel. "I became a man."

"What's the saying again? Die-hard. Live hard?" She laughed.

"In my troop we used to say that there are two kinds of marines: the ones who survive and the ones who die."

"Oh, I'm sorry." She touched my arm. "Did many of your friends die?"

"Some." I didn't want to think about it anymore. "Your letters got us through. We all lived for your letters."

"You read them aloud?" She blushed.

"Yeah." I stole a quick look at her. "We were all devastated when you stopped writing. Why did you stop, Lexi?"

"I was falling for you, even more than I had before. And I was scared.'

"Why?"

"Because I didn't think I would ever have a chance with you." Her voice was soft and I smiled.

"Well, now you now you were wrong."

"Yeah. Now I know."

We drove the rest of the way in silence and I wasn't sure what to talk about. It seemed to me that I had gotten off easy. I hadn't expected her to be so understanding about Eddie. I was wondering if she was still in shock.

"Wait, isn't that the graveyard?" she called out to me.

"Yeah. It is."

"Shall we go?"

"Why?"

"I figured maybe you would want to speak to Eddie?"

"I don't know."

"I think you still have something to say to him."

"What are you talking about?" I looked at her with narrowed eyes. "What do you know?"

"Nothing, Bryce. Whoa." She looked at me with a hurt expression. "I just thought, after our conversation today, you might want to go and say a proper goodbye."

"Okay." I sighed. I could feel my palms clamming up and my forehead starting to burn up. I needed to get out of the car. I turned around and drove into the parking lot and we walked to Eddie's grave. I was surprised to see two fresh bouquets of flowers at his grave.

"I guess his mom was here recently, huh?"

"Yeah." But who else was here? Maybe Anna? She had had a crush on him in high school. But she didn't have a car. How would she have gotten here?

"Maybe we could go to a store if you wanted to get some flowers?"

"Maybe next time." I looked around at all the graves and felt my heart beating fast. Death was all around me. It made me uncomfortable. I didn't want to think about all the people I knew who had died. Sometimes I thought that it should have been me. That was something Anna and I had in common. I was worried about her. I realized that now. She was exhibiting signs of need. She needed someone to pay attention to her. I felt guilty. I was keeping Lexi away from her for my own selfish reasons.

"Do you want to be alone?"

"No." Yes. I wanted her to walk away. I needed to be alone in this moment. I needed to talk to Eddie, honestly. I needed to cry. I needed to scream and shout. I missed the hell out of him. I wanted to apologize. I wanted him to know that I didn't think he was sick. I hadn't told Lexi everything; I hadn't been able to tell her the real reason why we had stopped speaking. I was ashamed of myself. And I wanted to say sorry. I wanted to go back and change my reaction.

"He was a nice guy," she mumbled. "Before that night, I thought he was okay. You know. That's why I went with him. He was always such a sincere guy, even though he was one of you."

"He was really special." I looked past her and stared at the trees surrounding the gravesite. Eddie would have liked this place. He loved nature. His ghost was most probably climbing one of the trees right now.

"We should have a mini-service."

"What?"

"I read about it once in a book. We can have our own mini-service."

"Are you sure?" I looked at her in surprise. "Won't that be hard for you?"

"No." She let out a breath. "Actually no. Someone wise once told me, the people with the biggest scars are most probably the ones that you don't see. Something had to be bothering him. Even that night, when everything happened he seemed like he was on something."

"Why do you say that?"

"I don't know. His eyes seemed manic." She looked away. "He didn't even seem to want me."

"What do you mean?"

"I don't know. I can't really explain it."

"Let's have a service for him, then." I got down on my knees and traced my hands over his name.

"I guess I'll play reverend." She rubbed my shoulder. "Shall we start with the Lord's Prayer?"

"If you think we should."

"Or maybe we'll start with a song."

"Whatever you think."

"All things bright and beautiful, all creatures great and small..." She began singing sweetly and I stood up and watched her as she sang. I joined her in the chorus and we held hands as we sang.

"He's got the whole world in his hands, he's got the whole wide world in his hands..." I continued with the next song and Lexi sang along with me.

We stood there for a few moments after the song and I cleared my throat. I realized that I was no longer anxious. Lexi had distracted me from my panic and I felt my heart swell with love for her. It seemed that there was nothing Lexi couldn't make right in my life.

"God, I want to know that Eddie is okay." I started slowly and I looked up at the sky. It was a clear day and the open expanse of blue made me feel like he was right up there, looking down on me and listening. "I want Eddie to get this message, please. I want him to know that I miss him. More than he ever would have guessed. Tell him that he got me good. I told him to never contact me again, but now all I hope for is to see him turn up at my door or to call me with some new kooky idea. I never had a friend like Eddie before, God. I never had someone who had my back no matter what, who knew all of me and loved me. I never had anyone love me like Eddie, God. I want you to tell him that I loved him, too. Not in the way that he wanted, but I loved him too. God, please forgive me. There's a saying I heard, I don't know if it's from the bible or a book, but it says forgive them for they don't know what they do."

"Jesus said that." Lexi smiled at me, gently, and I tried to smile back at her, but I was too overcome with emotion.

"God, I didn't know what I was doing, what I was saying. Please tell Eddie that. I regret the words I used. I would never say that to anyone again. I should have been there for him. God, I'm sorry." I fell to my knees again, with tears streaming down my face. "I f**ked up. I f**ked up!" I shouted into the air and I felt Lexi jump as my voice grew louder. "I'm so sorry. Please forgive me, Eddie. Please forgive me, man. I love you. And you are my brother. I was in a bad place, man. I miss you." I fell forward and cried into the dirt.

Lexi stepped towards me and rubbed my shoulder. "Eddie, if you're out there I want you to know that I forgive you. Bryce told me about the plan you guys had. I can't say that I fully understand, but I forgive you. I always thought you were a nice guy. And I know what it's like to have dark days."

My breath caught as Lexi spoke. How could one person be soo wonderful? It wasn't possible for someone to be so angelic. I didn't really believe in God and in heaven and in Jesus. I mean, who could live in the world and see so much lying and treachery and heartache and believe? But I wanted to. And when I met people like Lexi I believed. I truly believed.

"Eddie. I'm soo sorry that you were hurting so much that you thought this was the only way. I hope you are watching over Bryce. I know you are watching over him. Thank you for keeping him safe."

I stood up and grabbed her hand and kissed her on the cheek. "Thanks, Lexi. Thanks." We stood there in silence for a few moments and a Goldfinch landed on the top of his grave and whistled. I stared at the bird and felt an overwhelming calmness center in me.

"Let's go." I felt light as we walked through the cemetery and I picked Lexi up and swung her around in the parking lot. "I love you, Lexi Lord. I love you soo much."

She laughed as I put her down and she clung to me. "I'm dizzy," she hiccupped, and I laughed as I kissed her.

"You are the cutest, most precious girl I've ever had the fortune to meet."

"I'm a woman, Mr. Evans," she pouted.

"You'll always be my special girl," I laughed as she hit me on the shoulder. I took a deep breath and realized that, for the first time in a long time, I felt happy and alive and like nothing could ever ruin my mood.

"Well I guess I kinda like that."

"What do you want to do now?"

"I thought we were going to Harpers Creek?"

"Let's do something crazy."

"Crazy?" She raised an eyebrow at me.

"Lexi, we made it through the drama of high school, we made it through our parents cheating, we made it through Eddie's death, I made it through a war and here we are together. We need to live life. We need to enjoy it to the max."

"We could see if Luke is still going to Chicago and maybe join him?"

"Let's go to Vegas."

"Drive to Vegas?"

"Or fly. Or take a hot air balloon. We can do whatever we want. We can go rent a penthouse in a hotel and pretend we're on our honeymoon. We can drink champagne in the bathtub; make love on the lion hair rug. We can do whatever we want."

"Well, making love on a lion's hair rug does sound fun," she laughed. "But I have work on Monday."

"Skip. Or call in sick."

"I can't, Bryce," she sighed.

"No pressure, Lexi."

"Thanks." I saw her check her phone and I felt my heart racing. Had Anna text her?

"Waiting for someone to call?"

"No." She looked up with a quick smile. "So what are we going to do?"

"Well, you said no to Vegas and I'm guessing no to Utah?"

"Yeah, that's a no."

"Let's go skinny dipping." I grinned at her shocked expression.

"What? I didn't bring my swimsuit."

"That's why we're going skinny dipping."

"I can't believe I'm going to say yes." She laughed and I picked her up again and swung her around.

"Let's go."

"Harpers Creek?"

"No." I opened the door for her and then walked around to the driver's side. "It's a surprise."

"Ooh."

"So, Lexi, where do you see yourself in five years?"

"Huh?"

"I'm changing the topic. Keep up."

"Yes, Sir."

"Don't forget the attention, soldier."

"I'm not sure." She looked out of the window. "I've never thought that far ahead before. I guess I always assumed that Luke and I would rent a house or apartment. Maybe in LA. I'd be acting. Luke would have his business. Anna would visit with her dad."

"Why would you and Luke be living together?" I frowned.

"Well, he's my best friend and I just kinda didn't see any romantic interests coming along for either of us." She grinned, sheepishly.

"Has he never had a girlfriend?"

"He dated Briget for a while." She rolled her eyes. "But she was a bitch."

"Don't you think his new girlfriend would be upset to hear he is living with a girl?"

"No." It was her turn to frown. "He wouldn't date a girl who was jealous like that."

"I wouldn't want you living with him."

"Well he's moving, so that's not a problem."

"Luke is moving?" I looked at her in surprise. "Where to?"

"Boston. He's going to Boston."

"Oh." I tried to keep the smile out of my voice, but I was elated. This was all turning out perfectly. I reached over and stroked her leg, running my fingers up her inner thigh. "I'm so happy we are together, Lexi."

"So am I."

***

"I could stay like this forever." I thought to myself as I floated in the lake. My body felt warm, even though the water was cold. I watched as Lexi floated close by with her eyes closed. I had tried not to look as she had taken off her clothes, but it had been hard. I was so attracted to her. I felt like I needed her. But I was going to wait. I knew I had to wait.

"What are you thinking about, Bryce?" she called out to me and I swam towards her.

"Let's tread water." I pulled her towards me. "Hold onto me."

She looked at me, wearily, before wrapping her legs around me. I held her close and I felt my throat catch as she pressed her naked body against mine.

"I'm thinking that it would be impossible for the sky to exist without the sun, for the lake to exist without the water, for the trees to live without the soil and for me to live without you."

"Oh, Bryce." She had tears in her eyes as she stared at me. "I don't know what to say."

"Tell me you love me." I drew her in closer and I could feel her heart beating fast.

"I've loved you for years, Bryce." She ran her hands through my hair. "I've thought about being with you in this moment a million times. You've consumed my dreams, my thoughts, my mind on countless occasions."

"Love me, Lexi." I pushed her closer to me, crushing her br**sts into my chest. I moved my hands all over her body and she looked at me with a question in her eyes. "Let me love you, Lexi."

"Here?"

"I just want to show you how much I love you. I can't stop myself. Tell me if you want me to stop." She ran her hands down my chest until she touched my manhood. She felt just how much I wanted to love her and her eyes widened as I grew in her hands.

"Love me, Bryce," she whispered into my ears and I felt my nerve endings explode at her words.

"Are you sure?" I stared into her eyes to make sure.

"Yes," she nodded. "I've wanted this for a long time."

"I don't have any protection," I sighed.

"I'm on the pill," she smiled, shyly. "Because of my period."

"Are you sure it's okay?"

"Yes." She grabbed me harder and I pushed her away quickly.

"Stop that before there is no decision to be made."

"Oops," she giggled and I grabbed her close again. "Let's swim to the shore."

"Okay."

We both swam back, eagerly and excitedly. I knew that I was rushing something I shouldn't be rushing, but I couldn't stop myself. I needed Lexi. She made me feel whole. She completed me. I don't know why those words kept floating through my mind. But I knew with everything inside of me that I needed to make love to her. She would make everything right in me again.

Chapter 17

Bryce's blond hair glittered like gold, and his skin shone like he was a bronze God.I stared at him as he grinned down at me and my body shivered. I'd never expected my first time to be at the lake.

"Is it okay?" He whispered down at me, as he touched me in places that no one had ever explored before.

"Yes." I could barely talk. The feelings he was eliciting in my body were foreign and unknown to me. I pulled him down towards me so I could feel his wet body on mine. We rolled around, kissing and touching and I closed my eyes to fully feel and appreciate all the strange sensations that were running through me.

"Open your eyes, Lexi. I want to see your beautiful, brown eyes as I enter you." I opened my eyes and gasped as I felt him inside of me, moving slowly. There was a sharp pain and I grabbed his shoulders. "Are you okay, Lexi?"

I nodded my head, unable to talk, and he continued his movements. All of a sudden, it started to feel good and I wriggled beneath him.

"Oh, my Lexi," he groaned and then collapsed on top of me. "That was amazing."

"Yes, yes it was." I smiled at him, gently, still feeling weird inside.

"Did you?" He asked me and I nodded my head, not really sure what he was asking. "I'm sorry. I was quick. I'm not normally this quick."

"I guess it has been a while," I laughed and pulled him towards him. "I'm so glad you were my first, Bryce."

"Your first, last and only." He nuzzled my neck and I rubbed the top of his head. "I'm sleepy." He grinned up at me and I watched as he drifted off to sleep. I studied his body as he slept. It was perfect: he had a six-pack, toned arms, legs. I couldn't quite believe that he wanted to be with me. That he saw me as his everything. I didn't really know what it was about me that he loved. Other than me completing him.

I thought back to how I called him my Prince Charming and talked about how he had saved my life. Luke had asked me if I really thought that, he had tried to question me and the substance that my love was built on. And, as Bryce lay there in my arms, I started to wonder what substance we really had. Were we really soul mates? Did we really know each other? He hadn't even asked me about my acting. He hadn't delved deeper. I didn't really know where we went from here.

I thought about Luke again and about his moving to Boston. I didn't want him to go. I hadn't realized quite how much I didn't want him to go until this moment. I didn't want him to leave me. I realized that I didn't want to be in Jonesville without him. I bit my lip and held my breath so that I wouldn't cry. I didn't want Luke to leave me. I wanted him to be the boy in the bedroom window across from mine forever. I tried to stop my thoughts. I felt incredibly guilty. Here I was, lying in the arms of a man I loved, thinking about my best friend. I closed my eyes and pushed myself closer to Bryce. The heat of his body warmed me up and I closed my eyes. I should be happy now, I told myself. I should be happy. I'm here with Bryce Evans, my very own Prince Charming-and he loves me. He really loves me. I repeated those words to myself, until I eventually fell asleep.

***

The chirping birds woke me up a few hours later. I stretched out my sore body and groaned. I was sunburnt and aching in places I didn't know I could ache in. I also had a horrible headache.

"Hey, beautiful." Bryce leaned down to kiss me and I felt my insides melt at his words. There was something about him that captivated me to my core.

"Hey."

"How are you?"

"Good."

"I'm sorry I was so fast." He shook his head. "I wanted you to hear and see fireworks your first time."

"It was wonderful, Bryce."

"You're a bad liar, Lexi." He grinned and pinched my nose.

"No, I'm not." I laughed and tried to pull him towards me.

"Nope." He jumped up and pulled me with him. "The next time we make love will be in a bed, a big cushy bed."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yes."

"Hmmm." I reached down and grabbed my clothes and we got dressed quickly.

"Let's go to my place so I can grab some clean clothes and then maybe we can spend the night at a hotel?"

"In Jonesville right?"

"Fine. We'll do Vegas another time."

"That sounds like a plan."

"All I need is a big bed, with soft, cotton sheets."

"And maybe we can get some condoms."

"Yes," he laughed. "We have to be safe."

"I really do love you, Bryce Evans." I touched his hand as we walked to his car.

"Lexi, you do not know what those words mean to me."

I just smiled at him, happily. This was meant to be. We were meant to be. This was what the universe wanted. It all seemed so easy. So wonderful. I ignored the dull ache in my heart.

***

"You can come in with me if you want." Bryce jumped out of the car. "I won't be too long."

"I'll come for some water." I grinned at him and followed him to the door.

"Hi, Dad." Bryce nodded at his dad and I paled as I saw him, hoping he didn't recognize me.

"Bryce." His dad's eyes slid quickly past him and onto me. "And you are?"

"Lexi Lord, sir." I figured that I had nothing to be ashamed of.

"I see." He studied my face and smiled. "I see the resemblance."

"Come on, Lexi," Bryce called out to me from the stairs and I walked up to join him quickly. "Sorry about that."

"It's okay." I smiled briefly. I was lying. I wasn't okay. Something about his father had upset me. Maybe it was the fake smile he had given me, or maybe it was because of his comment, but I just felt weird. I sat down on the chair in Bryce's room and closed my eyes.

"Are you okay, Lexi?" Bryce looked at me in concern. "You look kinda pale."

"I feel a bit faint," I sighed and rubbed my head. "I'll be okay in a second." I felt something grind into my butt and I pulled it out from under me. I was about to ask where Bryce wanted me to put it, when I realized I was holding a bra. "Uhm, Bryce..." I started, hesitantly.

He looked over at me with a puzzled look on his face.

"Whose bra is this?" I flung it at him, my heart beating fast and I tried to ignore the loud buzzing in my ears.

"It was a mistake, Lexi." Bryce rushed towards me with an anguished look on his face.

"What was a mistake?" I stared at his white face and I felt panic and dread run through me.

"Guys, open up the door. Open up the door." Mayor Evans banged on the door and Bryce cursed under his breath as he opened up the door.

"What, dad?"

"There's been an accident." Mayor Evans's voice sounded worried and he looked at us with a startled look. "The police station just called. There's been a big accident."

"Okay and?" Bryce shouted at his father and I felt my breath catch.

"There's a fatality been reported." The Mayor looked directly at me and, as his words hit my ears, I pictured Luke's face and fainted.

