PART I

Prologue

Rhett

Falling in love is just the beginning. It's awesome and amazing, but they're not the only things you feel when you're in love. Love is so much more complicated than I ever thought it would be. Not that I ever really thought about it. I love Clementine O'Hara more than I thought I could love anyone, but that doesn't mean it's easy. Being in a relationship isn't easy. Being in a relationship with your best friend is even harder. My name's Rhett and I never thought I'd be in this situation. I was a certified man-whore. I had fun, women loved me, and there were no complications. Now my life has completely changed and I'm not even sure I recognize who I am anymore. And that's not a bad thing. It's just different. Very, very different. Cos here's the thing - yes, I love Clementine, but that doesn't mean I'm not still the same guy. I'm still Rhett Madison and I'm still a badass. That's something that's never going to change.

Chapter One

Rhett

"You can kiss my ass, Rhett Madison." Clementine shouted at me as she slammed the bathroom door. The whole wall seemed to shake for a few seconds afterwards.

"Anytime you wish." I rolled my eyes and walked out of our already messy bedroom and into the even messier living room. "Can't even find a spot to sit down." I groaned under my breath as I pushed Clementine's books to the ground. I stared at them for a second before leaving them there; I knew that my throwing her books on the ground was going to be an issue as well, but I just didn't care. She shouldn't have left them on the couch if she didn't expect them to end up on the floor. "That'll teach you to throw out my Playboy magazine."

Clementine and I had only been dating for a couple of weeks before we moved to Boston together. We'd only been living together in Boston for two months, but already the romance of cohabitation was wearing thin and we were starting to get on each other's nerves. We'd been best friends for over ten years, but being in a relationship was different from just being friends.

"What did you say to me?" She walked out of the bedroom, her face covered in what looked like mud.

"Sorry, who are you and what happened to my girlfriend?" I raised an eyebrow at her.

"What? Oh." She giggled and touched her face lightly. "It's a mask."

"Uh huh." I shuddered.

"It helps to take the impurities out of my pores."

"Uh huh."

"It's good to prevent acne." She continued.

"You don't have to tell me all your secrets, Clementine." I groaned. "Really and truly you don't."

"So I shouldn't tell you about the hot guy that..." She started, but I cut her off by jumping up and lifting her off of the floor and carrying her into the bedroom and dropping her on the bed. "Rhett, my mask is on the sheets." She gasped as she looked up at me with wide brown eyes.

"I don't care." I grinned and collapsed on the bed next to her. "I don't have time to talk about the sheets when I'm busy trying to do something else."

"Rhett, is that all I am to you? A sex toy?" She mumbled and smiled slightly. I saw a small crack in the mask next to her lips and smiled.

"What do you think, Clementine O'Hara?" I grinned at her as she stared up at me with happy joking eyes. Her face looked like she was a monster with the green mask on, and I shook my head. "I certainly didn't sign up for a sex toy that looks like she's just seen a ghost in the middle of a wet and muddy field."

"Don't!" She giggled. "You're making me laugh. I can't laugh or it will crack my mask."

"That's the least of your problems, Clemmie." I looked down at her and gave her a quick kiss, and wiped my lips quickly as I tasted the mud. "What has my life come to? I'm kissing a monster."

"A monster of your making." She groaned as she wiggled against me.

"How is this my fault?" I pinned her arms back. "I never made you go and run around in the mud. And now I come to think of it, what mud is green?"

"Rhett?" She giggled and pushed me away from her and we both started laughing. "Forget about the mud, Jake called me today." She muttered, lines and cracks appearing all over her face now.

"Oh yeah?" I lay back on the bed. "How is he?"

"He's fine. He's loving living on campus."

"I bet, all those freshmen girls looking to have some fun."

"Rhett." She made a face and I held my hands up.

"Not that I want any freshman girls, of course. I only want you. Beautiful wonderful you."

"You're full of crap." She rolled her eyes at me and I groaned.

"How have I gone from being the bees knees to full of crap already?"

"Since I found out you never do the dishes."

"What?" I sat up, my mouth dropping open. "I'm always doing the dishes. In fact, I think I'm the only one that ever loads and unloads the dishwasher."

"You have to turn it on before you unload it Rhett." She shook her head. "It doesn't just wash automatically."

"I assumed you were running it." I shrugged, suddenly feeling bad. Now I understood why the dishes always looked dirty when I unpacked the machine. I'd thought it was because the machine was old, but now I realized it was because the dishes were never being cleaned in the first place.

"Rhett, how would I know to turn the dishwasher on? You're the one that loads it. I assume you're turning it on when you load it."

"So why didn't you tell me before now?"

"I don't know." She looked away.

"Clemmie?"

"Well, everything's been going so well. I didn't want to start an argument after only being here a couple of weeks."

"It's not a big deal, Clemmie." I bit my lower lip. "But seeing as we are telling each other stuff now, there's something I need to ask you."

"What's that?" She paused. "And no, I'm not giving you a blowjob right now."

"Darn it." I winked at her. "That wasn't my question, though. Perfect southern gentlemen don't ask for blowjobs, they receive them."

"You're not a perfect southern gentleman." She laughed. "I don't know who's been lying to you."

"I'm trying to tell you something." I said seriously and she frowned, her brown eyes looking at me curiously.

"What is it?" She studied my face for a second and I had to turn away to stop myself from laughing at her mud-caked face with all the lines.

"You drop your clothes all over the place." I began and she wrinkled her nose creating another crack line in the middle of her nose-bridge.

"What?" She began confused.

"You drop your clothes all over the place." I began again. "On the floor in the bathroom, the living room, the bedroom. I think I even found a bra in the kitchen the other day."

"That's because you undid it when I was making dinner." She shook her head at me and laughed. "You're the one that pulled my top off and then my bra."

"Shh." I laughed and she rolled her eyes as my hand dropped onto her shoulder.

"Oh no you don't." She took a step back as I pulled her towards me.

"Oh yes, I do." I grinned as my lips fell to hers, this time I was able to ignore the muddy taste.

"Rhett." She mumbled and pushed me away. "Let me wash this mask off first."

"I won't say no to that." I grinned and watched as she jumped off of the bed and walked into the bathroom. "And if you want to pick some of the clothes up that you have on the floor as well, before you come back, that'd be great."

"Asshole." She said and I laughed.

"You weren't saying that last night."

"I'll be saying that a lot tonight though." She stood at the bathroom door, her face clean and dripping with water. "And tomorrow night."

"Wow, my girlfriend is back." I jumped up and walked over to the bathroom. "And she looks normal again."

"Whatever." She rolled her eyes and gave me a small smile.

"Yup, she's back to normal." I kissed her lightly on the lips. "And she's looking as beautiful as ever, now that she's not dressed up like a monster."

"Rhett." She groaned. "I need to study."

"Study for what? Finals aren't for months yet."

"Everyone at Harvard studies every day."

"I'm sure glad I don't go there then." I made a face. "And I'm sure glad that I decided to just finish my classes online and graduate from SC instead of transferring to Boston College." I wiped my forehead. "I'll be done in December."

"You know you could never be anything other than a Gamecock." Clementine laughed. "I know you love me, but asking you to graduate as a Yankee would have been too much to ask."

"You got that right." I winked at her. "Ain't no Madison ever traveled out of the South to go to college. No Ma'am. Not before. Not now. Not ever."

"Not ever?" Clementine raised an eyebrow at me. "What about if we have kids and-"

"Clementine." I shuddered and placed my finger on her lips. "You know I love you more than life itself and you know I love sex, but it is way too early to be bringing up kids."

"Rhett Madison." She brushed past me into the bedroom and shook her head. "You're a dumbass."

"Just don't be trying to trap my dumbass self with a kid."

"Excuse me?" Her voice rose and I realized that I'd crossed the line. Suddenly my little joke of humor was no longer funny. I didn't even need to see her face to know I shouldn't have mentioned her trying to trap me. I knew she would take it the wrong way. Just like all women. You made a silly little joke and they always get bent out of shape. Even Clementine and she's about as perfect a woman as I know. However, even Clementine took things too seriously sometimes.

"I was joking Clemmie." I gave her my award winning smile and batted my eyelashes at her. I knew Clementine loved my big blue eyes and I was hoping that they would distract her from being mad.

"You got a fly in your eye, boy?" She frowned at me.

"No." I shook my head and smiled again.

"Good because I'd hate to kill a fly when I slap you." She stood there with her hands on her hips and then pointed her finger at me. "How dare you accuse me of trying to trap you! If you think that I'm the sort of person that-"

"Watches trashy TV?" I interrupted her. "Yes I do think you're that person."

"What are you talking about?" She frowned in confusion at my change of subject.

"You watch those trashy shows and get ideas in your head." I held back a grin. "How do I know you haven't watched one of those Real Housewives shows and decided to trap me with a baby?"

"Rhett?" Her eyes narrowed and her voice grew lower, but I just couldn't help myself.

"They should rename that show Devious Housewives." I couldn't stop myself from laughing. "Or Devious Girlfriends That Want to be Wives."

"You're an idiot."

"Wouldn't you watch that show though?" I grabbed her hand and played with her fingers.

"No." She replied huffily.

"You wouldn't be calling me into the living room to see how someone on the show got pregnant to trap her man after she found out he was cheating on her with her maid or assistant or something?"

"Maybe." She said finally and then started laughing. "Okay fine, it sounds like a show I'd enjoying watching, but I certainly don't want to be compared to one of the women from the show. You'd be so lucky to have a baby with me."

"I was just joking Clementine." My stomach churned as I looked into her annoyed eyes. "You don't really want a baby do you?" My life flashed before my eyes as I thought about us having a baby and all the extra mess we'd have to deal with. It was something I wasn't ready for, plus I knew Nanna would be upset and Clementine's parents would kill me. They hadn't even been happy that we were going to be living together. It was only because Nanna had convinced them that it was better for the both of us. And we'd been friends for so many years and spent so many nights together anyway, that what difference did it make? She'd told them we'd end up spending most nights together in Boston so we might as well live together. It had been my idea of course, but Clementine had been equally as excited. In fact, the day we'd moved in had been the most exciting of my life. Surreal, but exciting. Much like every other day since then had been.

"Rhett, you know I don't want a baby. And who knows, maybe I won't even have a baby with you when the time comes for me to have a baby." She gave me a look and turned around and my heart started thudding. What was she talking about?

"What are you talking about, Clementine?" I frowned and grabbed her around the waist.

"I'm saying don't worry, there are other men that would love to be my baby's father."

"What other men?" I growled down into her face.

"Men you don't know." She licked her lips slowly. "Men that would-"

"Clementine, there are no other men for you." I kissed her hard. "And that's not even-"

"It was just a joke, Rhett." She pulled back and smiled sweetly and rubbed my cheek.

"What?" I frowned, my heartbeat slowing down. "That wasn't funny."

"Just like your joke wasn't funny." She smiled and I shook my head.

"Touche."

"Rhett, you need to calm down." She squeezed my hands. "This is new for both of us. We've been best friends for years and neither one of us knew it would become a relationship. There are still going to be days that we annoy each other and that's fine. It doesn't mean anything. It doesn't mean that I'm going to look for a new man or that you're going to look for a new girl. It's just how relationships go."

"You better not go finding a new man." I took a deep breath as a feeling of fear hit me. I felt like I'd been slapped in the face. I'd never considered Clementine leaving me to be with anyone else. It had never crossed my mind. Yes, she was beautiful and yes other men were interested in her, but it had never crossed my mind that she would give them a chance. So why then, was she bringing it up? Was she considering dating someone else? I frowned as my heart dropped. What if Clementine was done with me, already? Maybe my jokes weren't as funny now that we were dating.

"Rhett?" She frowned as she looked at me, concern in her eyes.

"Yeah, I'm fine." I laughed and she leaned forward to kiss me, her eyes full of love. I ran my hands down her back and grinned. Who was I kidding? Of course, Clementine would never leave me. We were made for each other and I was Rhett. I was the man that every girl wanted to be with. And Clementine had been lucky enough to catch me. There was no way she'd even look at another guy. No way at all. I tried to ignore the voice in the back of my head that reminded me that I still checked out other girls. It wasn't like I was looking to hook up, but how could I not check out the goods?

Chapter Two

Clementine

All good things one day begin.

If I knew the words I'd sing,

I'd sing it loud so we could hear.

We have only this one chance. Let's take it my dear. Let's taste it my dear.

"Back to Blue" by David Berkeley - The Fire In My Head

Rhett's blue eyes looked confused as he held me in his arms. I touched his shoulder softly to let him know that we were good. I decided not to tell him that I'd had a scare last week. I didn't think it was the right time. No, I don't want a baby right now, Rhett, but last week I thought there was a chance it had happened anyway. That would go down real well. I hid a smile as I imagined how shocked and scared Rhett would look. He'd be like a big baby himself. There was no way I could deal with two babies right now. And I knew he'd be mad at me. I was the one that hadn't gone and gotten the pill and I was the one that had asked him to enter me without a condom on. I bit down on my lower lip. I'd been stupid. Even though he hadn't come inside of me, I knew the risks.

"What are you thinking about?" Rhett asked me softly.

"I'm thinking that this is an all too serious moment, right now."

"So what do you want to do?" He batted his eyelashes at me and I laughed. I'd never seen a guy that was so cocky and self-assured. Only my Rhett would think he could bat his eyelashes and get sex.

"Isn't that something girls are meant to do?" I said and then giggled.

"Huh?"

"Bat their eyelashes when they want sex." I teased him. "And just in case you got the wrong idea, no we're not about to have sex."

"Why not?" He pouted.

"Because I have homework and we need to tidy up."

"Well, we don't have to tidy up..." His voice trailed off and I wanted to burst out laughing. Rhett was in such denial about the mess in the apartment. He was constantly blaming me for being a slob, but most of the mess was his. He was under the mistaken impression that he was some sort of clean freak because his place back home had always been clean, but that had only been because he had a maid that tidied up behind him.

"Excuse me Rhett Madison?"

"It's your clothes everywhere." He shrugged and gave me a look.

"Rhett, my clothes are everywhere because you pull them off of me, because you want to have sex everywhere." I rolled my eyes at him. "Do you really think I'm disrobing and changing in the kitchen?"

"Your bra was on top of the fridge the other day."

"Because you came behind me when I was cooking." My voice rose and I laughed. "You're in some serious denial. You know that right, Rhett?"

"Who me?" He shook his head. "I think not." His lips turned up in a grin and he paused. "Well, now that you come to explain it a bit, I guess I can see some of your points."

"Uh huh."

"I just thought you'd be a bit tidier Clementine O'Hara." He flashed his teeth. "Considering you're a young Southern lady, I thought you'd know how to keep house a bit better."

"What?" My jaw dropped open at his words. "Are you joking right now?"

"Bad time to joke?" He winked at me and I wrinkled my nose at him.

"Rhett, go and do something. I need to study." I looked at my watch and sighed. "Holden is coming over tonight."

"Hole who?" He froze and his eyes became alert.

"Holden, my assignment partner." I said slowly and looked away. "I told you about him, remember?"

"Noooo," he drawled. "I've never heard about him before in my life."

"You most probably weren't paying attention to me."

"I don't remember you mentioning him." He shook his head.

"Remember I told you, his brother went to school with David Berkeley."

"Who the fuck is David now?" He frowned at me. "Another guy you want to study with?"

"Rhett?" I sighed. "David Berkeley, my favorite singer, remember?"

"Hmmm." He shrugged and looked sheepish. "Oh yeah."

"So Holden is coming over tonight so we can work on our assignment, so I need to get ready."

"Get ready?" He raised an eyebrow and his jaw dropped. "Did you put a facemask on to get your skin all glowy for him?"

"Rhett." I shook my head. "Don't be an idiot. I meant get ready for our discussion, not dressing up."

"Am I going to have to let this guy know what's up?"

"No, we're just friends." I sighed and blushed. I didn't tell Rhett that Holden was hot, really hot. And smart. I knew Rhett wouldn't appreciate hearing about that. Even though he knew I loved him. Even though he knew he was my world. It was funny, I never would have thought that even gorgeous guys could be insecure, but they were as insecure as the rest of us. It still amazed me that Rhett and I were dating and that we'd gone from best friends to boyfriend and girlfriend with very few hiccups. Not that I wasn't worried of course. A part of me was scared that everything would go down badly and I'd lose my best friend and my boyfriend. A part of me was scared that someone like Rhett couldn't change. I mean, how many players went from multiple women to one girl? Not many, I was sure. And Rhett was gorgeous, so all he had to do was go out to have women hitting on him. It was hard dating someone with such good looks and charisma. Though I trusted him. I had to trust him.

"Are you mad at me?" Rhett sighed as he studied my face and I just gazed at him.

"No, I just get worried sometimes."

"Worried about what?" He asked softly.

"If we made a mistake." I looked down. "I don't want to lose you Rhett."

"All good things one day begin. If I knew the words I'd sing, I'd sing it loud so we could hear. We have only this one chance. Let's take it my dear. Let's taste it my dear." Rhett sang softly at me and I smiled.

"I love that you don't know David Berkeley's name, but you know his songs. I love Back To Blue."

"Of course I know his songs; you play them all the time." He grabbed my hands. "But it's true, Clemmie. We only have one life, we only have one chance. We couldn't just walk away from what we have without giving it a shot."

"Don't you ever get worried though?"

"Never." His blue eyes became serious. "There is no doubt in my mind that you're the girl for me."

"But you never wanted to fall in love or have a girlfriend or..." I stopped myself from saying get married. I knew that he didn't want to hear the words married or baby right now. I tried to stop myself from giggling at the picture his face would make if I said the words marriage. Not that I didn't want to marry him. Of course I did. However, I knew it was important to take baby steps with Rhett. It had taken him long enough to figure out he had feelings for me, I didn't want to cause him to go backwards. Not when I'd been in love with him for so many years.

"Or what?" I could see him thinking as he stared at me. The blue in his eyes changed from a light sky blue to a more serious azure color.

"Nothing." I said lightly and turned away from him. I could feel my heartbeat skipping, worried that he'd catch on to what I'd been thinking and flip out. I knew Rhett well enough to know that the words wedding and marriage would cause him to have a heart attack, no matter how much he denied it. It would be too much, way too soon.

"Remember when we went to that movie theater and danced and sang that Hansen song?" He grabbed my arm and spun me around.

"How could I forget? The MMMBop song?" I made a face and he laughed.

"Yeah, remember how we were laughing and dancing?" His eyes crinkled as he recalled the spectacle we had made of ourselves.

"Yeah why?"

"We did that because we thought it was fun. We did it because we had no fear of what other people were going to think. We did it because we were together and we just wanted to have a good time." He squeezed my shoulders. "We were each other's rocks. We can do anything together Clemmie. I'm not scared about what could happen to us because I know that there's nothing that could happen that we couldn't get over. We're still best friends first." He grinned. "And that means I can still tease the heck out of you and not worry that you're going to get all silly and girly on me."

"Phew." I laughed. "I thought you wanted to go to Copley Place, that mall downtown, and perform a new dance routine."

"Hell no." He laughed. "My dancing days are behind me."

"We could do some twerking, Nicki Minaj style." I grinned.

"I think I'll keep my anaconda in my pants, thank you for very much." Rhett laughed and winked at me.

"I cannot believe you know the name to her song, or that you even know who she is." My jaw dropped as I stared at him. I felt warm and secure inside. I loved that Rhett could always push my worries aside so easily.

"I'm dating you. I know all the crappy musicians now."

"She's not crappy." I rolled my eyes. "At least some of her songs aren't crappy." I conceded.

"I don't mind if you want to practice your twerking though." He pulled me towards him and squeezed my ass. "Preferably on my lap."

"You're disgusting Rhett." I hit him in the arm. "I'm not about to twerk on your lap."

"You weren't complaining last night." He licked his lips and playfully slapped my ass.

"Is everything about sex with you?"

"Is that even a question Clementine O'Hara? We've been best friends for years and that was never an issue, do you really think that's all I want now?"

"I don't know what to-"

"Seriously Clementine?" He cut me off and stepped back and his lips quivered. "Is that what you think of me?" I saw his eyes widen and he bit his lower lip. "Do you really think I'm capable of being that sort of man?" His eyes looked dolefully into mine and I burst into laughter.

"You're such a goof." I shook my head after my laughter subsided. "What am I going to do with you, Rhett Madison?"

"I'm going to plead the fifth as I'm not sure you'll appreciate my answer." He grinned and then winked at me again. "However, I can make it easy for you."

"Make what easy for me?" I frowned as I watched him pulling his shirt off. I stared at his bare chest and tried not to burn my eyes out staring at his abs. I didn't understand abs. How did they even exist? How did a stomach go from fat to a well-defined and chiseled piece of art? I ran my fingers down his six-pack and licked my lips. "You wish."

"You do too."

"Rhett, I already told you, Holden is coming over and we're going to study."

"I don't know Holden and I don't care about Holden. What sort of name is Holden anyway?"

"Rhett." I frowned at him and ran to my phone when I heard it beeping. "I think that might be him."

"He's here already?"

"Yes." I read my text messages. "Please be nice."

"I'm always nice." He looked at me with a surly expression. "Why wouldn't I be nice to Holdy?"

"Holden." I rolled my eyes.

"At least he's holding and not grabbing."

"Rhett!"

"I'd have to give him a beat down if he tried to grab you." He cocked his head. "In fact I'd have to give him a beat down if he tried to hold you as well."

"Will you behave?"

"Do you love me?" He asked me softly as I hurried around the apartment and grabbed every item that didn't belong on the ground and threw it into our bedroom.

"What?" I paused as I grabbed up a pair of his boots and ran past him.

"Do you love me?" He stopped me from moving.

"You know I do."

"Good." He smiled and nodded. "That's all I wanted to hear."

"You're crazy, you know that right?"

"I'm crazy in love with you." He whispered in my ear and my heart started thudding. How many years had I waited to hear someone say that to me? Not even I could have imagined that my Rhett would have finally grown up and fallen in love with me. I'd never believed that fairytales could come true before. "Never forget that." He said quietly.

"I'll never forget that." I looked into his eyes. "You know that right?"

His eyes continued to stare into mine and I saw that lost look that sometimes took over his face. The look that told me that even though he was here with me, he wasn't really here. He was thinking about something. He was in another place. A place where he was young, lost, scared Rhett. A place where all his bravado and charisma, was gone. It was a place I'd seen him in many times before, but it was a place we never spoke about.

"Be a good girl or I'll spank you." He joked finally and looked away. "You better go and let Holden in or he'll start to wonder what's going on."

"I'm sure he's already wondering that." I laughed and kissed Rhett quickly on the lips. "Don't mess the apartment up while I go down and get him."

"Don't be too long or I'll send a search party down." He called after me as I ran to the front door so that I could go downstairs to let Holden into the apartment building. I smiled to myself as I made my way down and tried to remind myself that I needed to speak to Rhett later about what was bothering him because something was obviously bothering him. I wasn't sure if he was having cold feet about us. It was a weird situation that we were in, going from best friends to lovers and living together in such a short time. I felt like we'd never really gotten to experience what it was like to just date, without the pressure. We'd moved in together so quickly. We'd gone from Rhett and Clementine, best friends to Rhett and Clementine, serious boyfriend and girlfriend. There had been no in-between.

"Hey Holden, sorry about the delay."

"No worries." He grinned at me as I let him in. "I thought I had the wrong building for a minute."

"No sorry, my boyfriend had clothes everywhere and I was just trying to tidy up before you came up."

"Oh you didn't have to tidy up for me." He flashed his perfect white teeth at me. "I don't mind a bit of a mess."

"Oh I couldn't have you coming over to a mess."

"I guess it's the Southern girl in you." He laughed. "Most girls in Boston don't care." He winked at me and I could see that his green eyes were laughing. I stared at him and tried not to ogle him. Holden looked like a young Ben Affleck and I couldn't stop myself from admiring his serious, studious expression. He was so unlike the guys I'd known back home.

"That could be it. Come on up. I'm sure Rhett's wondering what's taking so long."

"And Rhett is your young man?"

"He's my boyfriend yes." I nodded as we walked up the stairs. "We were best friends for years and just recently started dating."

"Really?" He seemed surprised. "And you guys are living together already?"

"Well, I know it seems fast, but we-"

"What seems fast?" Rhett stood at the front door and surveyed Holden as we walked into the apartment.

"Holden this is Rhett, Rhett, this is Holden."

"I'm her boyfriend, Rhett." Rhett held his hand out and his blue eyes narrowed as he took in Holden's appearance. A part of me thought it was funny that he was acting so possessive and the other part of me was annoyed.

"Holden, her new friend." Holden turned to me and gave me a smile. "At least, I hope you consider me a friend."

"Of course I do." I beamed at him. "You're my first friend in Boston and at Harvard. It's not easy being the new girl; especially being from the South."

"What's wrong with being from the South?" Rhett frowned.

"There's nothing wrong with being from the South." Holden said diplomatically. "I think there's just an idea of what people are like who are from the South. Good ol' boys and all that."

"Good ol' boys?" Rhett gave me a look and then turned back to Holden. "What does that mean?"

"Well you know." Holden continued uncomfortably and I wanted to tell him to stop while he was ahead. "I think there are three sorts of people from the South: the rednecks or cowboys or whatever, the plantation folk that wish slavery was still around to pick their cotton and tobacco and the migrants from the North that wanted a slower pace of life."

"Really now?" Rhett drawled. "I guess you just know your Southern boys well, huh? We're all into Nascar, Country Clubs and going on about the good ol' days."

"Well, no." Holden's face turned red. "I didn't mean to stereotype or say that was all that exists. I'm sure everyone doesn't love Nascar and every guy isn't into pickup trucks."

"Rhett loves pickup trucks." I grinned and punched Rhett in the shoulder. "And stop picking on Holden. He's going to think we're unfriendly."

"No offense about pickup trucks." Holden made a small face and Rhett rolled his eyes at me. I knew exactly what he was thinking, just from his expression. He thought Holden was an idiot. He thought Holden was a wimp and everything he disliked about guys from the North. Holden unknowingly was proving Rhett's thoughts about how Northerners thought about Southerners and I knew that Rhett was going to let me know exactly what he thought as soon as Holden left.

"No offense taken." Rhett muttered. "I don't say nothing about you damn-"

"Rhett, why don't you go and watch TV in the bedroom." I glared at him to shut him up before he said something we'd both regret.

"I'll go and call Tomas. You know he's coming up tomorrow." Rhett reminded me and then looked at Holden. "And yes, Tomas is a Hispanic fellow and there's no need to be shocked. We are allowed to have friends of other races now."

"Rhett." I growled at him and he laughed as he sauntered to the bedroom. "Sorry about that."

"It's okay." Holden looked a bit unsure of himself. "I hope I didn't offend him."

"Don't worry; it takes a lot to offend Rhett. He was just joking with you." I smiled at him, trying to let him know that everything was cool. "The truth is there are many older folks that do wish that we were back in the 30s and 40s, but me and Rhett, we're not plantation kids. Well, I'm not at least. I don't come from old money and I don't come from a family that thought those days were better."

"I didn't mean to insinuate that you guys were-"

"Ooh insinuate, such a big word. I guess he's a Harvard guy." Rhett mumbled out loud so both of us could hear. I knew he was doing it to make Holden uncomfortable and I shook my head.

"Excuse me please." I walked to the bedroom and closed the door behind me. "Stop it, you're being rude."

"Who me?" Rhett looked at me with wide eyes. "I didn't mean to be."

"Yes, you did."

"I didn't." He gave me a small smile and I sighed.

"You're insufferable Rhett. You know I need to study."

"You're always studying." He sat on the bed. "I hope you will be able to hang out with Tomas and me tomorrow."

"Tomorrow?" I bit my lower lip and tried not to sigh. I knew he wasn't going to like my answer.

"Yes, tomorrow." His eyes narrowed.

"Well, Holden and I are meeting up again tomorrow to finish our project."

"But you're meeting now?" He looked upset.

"We're starting it today and finishing it tomorrow."

"What?" He sighed and lay back on the bed. "Fine."

"I'm sorry. I'll make it up to you."

"Yeah you will." He rolled over and winked at me. "You'll make it up to me alright, for about an hour and thirty minutes as soon as he's gone."

"Rhett." I could feel my face growing warm as he licked his lips and winked at me. There was something so special about our connection. All he had to do was look at me in a certain way and I felt my body warming up.

"That's my name." He grinned. "I'll have you screaming it out by the end of the night."

Chapter Three

Rhett

"Dude, let's go to a strip-club." Tomas grinned as he walked out of the bathroom, his hair slicked back and wet.

"I can't go to a strip-club." I shook my head and laughed. Tomas was one of those guys that would never change.

"Don't tell me, Clementine's taken your balls and cut them off." Tomas raised an eyebrow at me and looked around the living room.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Dude, you've always been down to go to see some big ol' titties bouncing in your face, why can't you go now?"

"You know why not." I frowned, as I started to feel irritated at Tomas, and he'd only just arrived.

"Because you have a girlfriend." He said in a singsong voice. "Where is she anyway?" He plopped down on the couch. "This living room looks like a hot mess. Doesn't Clemmie like to tidy up?"

"Dude, I have spoken to her about the living room." I could feel my face heating up.

"And she still hasn't done anything." He pulled a bra out from the chair he was sitting on and threw it at me. "Here you go. Maybe I'll find your panties as well."

"You're a dick." I grabbed her bra and sighed. "She's at some study session with some prick from Harvaarrd."

"Nah, I'm just a guy with a dick." He paused and looked at me. "I think yours is gone."

"So she cut my balls and took my dick?"

"Didn't she?" He raised an eyebrow and then laughed. "Dude, come on, let's go and have some fun. We haven't done shit since I've been here."

"We're going bowling tomorrow." I knew as soon as I said the words that they sounded lame. "And you've only been here for a day."

"Yay." He shook his head and he looked away from me. "We can go bowling and Clementine can go on her study dates."

"Look if you really want to go to a strip-club, we can go to a strip-club." I jumped up, feeling angry that Clementine was with Holden again and grabbed my wallet. "We just got to be back before Clementine gets home."

"Pussy."

"You want to go or not?"

"I'm coming, dude. I'm coming." He jumped up with a huge grin. "Don't let me make you change your mind. Let's go play some real or fake."

"You're a pig." I laughed as we walked out the front door. Real or fake was a game we'd played in South Carolina when we went to the strip club. We'd try and grab girls' boobs and see if they were real or fake. I'd usually feel them up with my hands, but Tomas liked to try and grab them with his mouth - which wasn't always accepted by the strippers. We'd been kicked out of several strip clubs in our time, but it had always been fun.

"So you don't want to play?" He looked disappointed as I turned him down.

"No, I don't want to play." I frowned at him as we left my apartment building and I realized that I wasn't just saying that. I had no interest in touching or seeing other girl's breasts. I didn't even feel excited about the possibility.

"Come on dude, what happened to you?" Tomas frowned. "You know I love Clementine, but you're still in your twenties, you're too young to become some pussy-whipped old man. Is this really the life you saw yourself having after college?"

"Did I see myself dating Clementine and living in Boston? No." I answered. "But then there are a lot of things I didn't see or think about."

"I can't believe you moved here, bro. You messed everything up. I hooked up with Penelope last week and she-"

"You hooked up with Penelope? Clemmie's ex best friend? The girl that tried to fuck me in the back of my truck?"

"Yup." He grinned at me.

"Are you out of your mind? She's crazy!"

"I didn't say she wasn't, but you ever fuck a crazy chick? They are down for basically anything."

"I'm going to be sick." I cringed. "Are you desperate?"

"What?" He frowned. "Where's my high-five? What's up with the judgment? Boys don't judge man. What's Clementine done to you?"

"I'm not judging you man, but you can do better than Penelope."

"All of us don't want a perfect girl like Clementine."

"What's that supposed to mean?" My voice sounded surly and I stopped in the street.

"Are we really going to do this bro?" He frowned. "What's going on with you?"

"Nothing." I sighed and reached out and gave him a quick man hug. "It's good to see your handsome face Don Juan."

"That's racist that is." He grinned.

"It's not racist if it's true." I laughed.

"Why I gotta be Don Juan, why can't I be-" He stopped and burst out laughing at my expression. "Got ya bro, take a chill pill. Life isn't so serious. It's about fun. Love, sex and fun. It seems to me that you've forgotten that."

"The expression is love, sex and rock n' roll." I corrected him and he groaned.

"Let's go see some titties." He pulled out his phone. "Let me Yelp it, I got a feeling you ain't got no idea where the strip-club is."

"You know what, I really don't." I shook my head in surprise. "I don't even know where the local pick-up joints are. I don't even know how freaky girls up here are in bed."

"You think they're freakier?" Tomas eyes lit up.

"You'll have to tell me." I grinned and I felt my stomach curdle. "It feels weird saying that."

"What?" Tomas looked at me in confusion.

"Saying you'll have to tell me. I'm normally the one that's doing the telling."

"You wish, bro." Tomas shook his hair and smiled as two girls walked by. "Have a great evening ladies." They looked at him and giggled and he gave them a huge smile. "I'm only here for a few days, so if you need some Tomas loving, come back on by." He called after them and they giggled and continued walking.

"They looked like they were in high school." I shook my head and he laughed.

"Dude it's only illegal if you touch them. I ain't got time for no high school chicas, you know that. 21 and up, bro. That's all I want." He ran his hands through his hair and grinned. "But that doesn't mean I can't show them what they're missing. I'm a smooth, sexy, love machine."

"I hope I never sounded like that." I groaned as he started gyrating in the street as if he were an extra auditioning for the Magic Mike Two movie.

"Dude, you sounded worse. Hi, I'm Rhett. I'm blond, blue eyes and tan. I look like a regular Ken. I'll pick you up in my mustang and fuck you in my truck, but don't bother calling me 'cos you won't hear from me again. I'll be too busy sucking up to my nerdy best friend Clementine O'Hara. And don't you dare say we're more than friends or I'll rip your head off."

"Asshole." I laughed, knowing that what he said was true. "You want to go to the strip-club or not?"

"I'm looking bro, what do you think 'XXX Girls' or 'A Night in Heaven'?"

"Seriously?" I sighed and then groaned as my phone rang. "Hold on, it's Clementine." I answered the phone quickly. "What's good?"

"What's good?" She drawled lightly, mocking me. "I see Tomas made it there safely."

"Yeah, haha. What's up?"

"I was just calling to see what's going on." She paused. "Does something have to be up for me to call?"

"No. Tomas and I are just about to head out. Are you coming home now?" I asked hopefully.

"No, Holden and I are going to have a late night." She sighed and I could hear some music playing in the background.

"Studying with music?" I said lightly, feeling annoyed thinking about Clementine with that schmuck Holden. There was something about him that irritated me. It might be the simple fact that he was spending one-on-one time with my girl, or it might have been my body telling me that there was something off about him. All I knew was that I felt tense about the fact that they were spending so much time together. I did not trust him. He wanted my Clementine and he was using the guise of studying to get closer to her.

"It's Mozart, Rhett, not Barry White."

"Do you wish it was Barry White?" I said, knowing I sounded jealous. I could see Tomas staring at me with keen eyes.

"Rhett, I gotta go." She said in a tired voice. "I'll see you both later."

"Shall we wait to have dinner with you?"

"No." She said quickly. "I told you, it's going to be a long night. I won't be back 'til late. Eat without me."

"Okay fine."

"What are you guys going to do?"

I know I shouldn't have lied, but really how do you tell someone you're dating that you're going to a strip-club? Maybe it's just me. Maybe it's because I haven't been in a relationship before, but I couldn't tell her. Which was sad because I had always told Clementine before. I had no secrets from her. She knew who I'd been with, when I'd been with them, how I'd met them. She knew everything about me and I'd never been scared to tell her anything before. I knew as soon as I said the words that I was crossing a line that I'd never crossed before. "I think we're going to go bowling."

"Oh that should be fun."

"Yeah, I'm hoping to get all strikes."

"You never get all strikes." She laughed. "I wish I was going as well, I wish I could show you how it's done."

"I'm the one that taught you how to bowl Clemmie."

"Well the student is now better the master." She giggled and even though her tone was lighter, I didn't feel better.

"In all things?" I asked softly, but she pretended she didn't hear me.

"Have a good time bowling. Tell Tomas I'll see him in the morning and that I'm sorry to miss his first day in Boston."

"I will." I paused. "Have a good time studying, don't do anything I wouldn't do."

"Before or after you dated me?" She asked softly and I felt as if I'd been kicked in the gut. Was she joking or being serious?

"Is that a joke, Clementine? Because if it is, it's in very poor taste."

"Oh Rhett, relax." She sounded annoyed. "I'll see you later." And then she hung up. I stared at the phone in my hand and frowned. I couldn't believe that she'd hung up on me already.

"Trouble in paradise?" Tomas looked concerned.

"Dude, what paradise?" I rolled my eyes. "Clementine has become a different girl now that we're dating."

"That's girls bro. She's got you by the short and curlies and she ain't going to let go."

"Short and curlies?" I shook my head at him. "What is that?"

"I got it from some English show I was watching." He grinned. "Describes your relationship perfectly."

"You decide on a club yet?"

"A club or a bowling alley?" He raised an eyebrow at me. "You lying already bro?"

"Dude, she doesn't want to hear about me going to see naked girls."

"That's why I don't date. I can't deal with these jealous bitches trying to put me on lockdown."

"Not cool, Tomas." I frowned. "Don't call Clementine a bitch."

"What? I didn't call her a bitch."

"Girls aren't bitches, that's not cool."

"Oh shut the fuck up, Rhett." Tomas gave me a look. "You were down with bitches and hoes this time last year, don't go getting all holier than thou on my ass now, just 'cos you've been with this chick for a few months. You're going to be back to the bitches and hoes as soon as you and Clementine break up."

"Excuse me?" My body stilled at his words.

"Not trying to be rude dude, but c'mon. You're both in your early twenties. This is your first relationship and you used to be a player. This is her first anything. The likelihood of you both working out is not high." He shrugged. "I mean she's already spending late nights with some other guy, listening to music."

"You need to stop eavesdropping." I muttered. "And I told you, they're studying."

"Do you think all he cares about is studying?" He laughed. "If it was you, what would you be doing?"

"Huh?"

"If it was the old Rhett 'studying' with a hot girl, would you be just listening to music for no reason?"

"That muthafucka is trying to get into her pants." I exclaimed loudly and Tomas nodded.

"He's most probably got his hand on her back and asking if she wants a massage to help with the stress."

"What stress?"

"The stress of dating a punkass like you." Tomas pulled out a piece of gum and started chewing. "She just hung up on you, so she's obviously frustrated. He's going to see that and try to act all nice so he can get up in there."

"She wouldn't let him do anything." My head was starting to hurt at the thought of Holden trying to make a move. "She loves me."

"You know how many girls love me?" Tomas started gyrating again. "And you know how many girls I love? Love don't mean shit."

"That's not true." I turned to him. "When you talk about love, you're talking about lust fueled love. What Clemmie and I have is different. Our relationship is based on trust, respect, honesty and a deep love."

"That's why you just lied to her?" He said softly and I looked away. We stood there in silence for a few moments and I felt confused. I didn't really understand why I'd lied. I think it was because I didn't want her to be disappointed in me. And I didn't want to give her an excuse to let her guard down with Holden. I just didn't trust him. I felt a hollow feeling inside as I wondered why trusting her wasn't enough.

***

"Where are you going?" I asked Clementine as she walked past me in her short shorts and t-shirt early the next morning. I groaned as I stared at her through foggy eyes.

"Out." She turned and looked at me. "Is that okay warden?" She smiled quickly and my heart stopped for a second as I thought about her.

"Funny." I rolled my eyes and then rubbed my forehead. "I feel like shit."

"You guys got drunk at the bowling alley?" She looked amused. "Tomas was snoring when I woke up."

"We didn't wake you up when we got in, did we?"

"No." She walked over to the bed and sat down. "I was fast asleep. I was exhausted from all the studying. I'm glad you guys had a good time."

"Yeah, we did. So where are you going now?"

"I'm going to pick up some breakfast and coffee for all of us."

"Oh. Nice." I grabbed her hand and tried to smile, though guilt filled me as I thought about all the naked breasts I'd seen the night before. All breasts and no bowling balls.

"So I better go now before the lines get too long." She bent down, gave me a kiss on the cheek and then stood up.

"Are those shorts appropriate?" I frowned as I stared at her long legs.

"As appropriate as it was for you to go to the strip-club yesterday." She snapped at me, her eyes light as she stared down at me with disappointed eyes.

"I told him not to go." Tomas yelled out from the living room as I stared at Clementine in shock. "It's not appropriate for you to go and get lap dances when you have a girlfriend at home." He continued shouting.

"Tomas." I shouted back angrily. "How did you know?" I asked her quietly, feeling mad at myself.

"First off, you got a lap dance?" Clementine glared at me and my heart sunk.

"Honey." I gave her a quick smile and she just stared at me with her hand on her hip. Oh shit! I thought to myself. I wasn't sure how I was going to get out of this one. "I didn't, I mean I-"

"Oh Rhett." She started laughing loudly. "When will you learn you can't lie to me? Bowling alley my foot."

"I'm sorry." I made a face. "How did you know?"

"Tomas had photos of the two of you all over Facebook last night." She laughed. "I knew the minute you hit the club because he took a photo of the sign. One Night in Heaven? Really?"

"Tomas." I shouted back at him. "I'm going to kill you." This time he didn't respond.

"And after you kill him, I'm going to kill you, Rhett Madison."

"For going to the strip-club?"

"No, for lying to me." She sighed. "I mean, I kind of of get why, but I don't like it."

"I didn't have fun."

"He's lying again." Tomas shouted out from the living room. "He had a great time."

"Tomas, shut up." I growled.

"It's fine, Rhett. I know who you are." She sat back down on the bed again. "I just don't want you to lie to me anymore."

"Fine, I went to a strip-club and I had a lap dance."

"One?" She asked softly.

"Two." I sighed.

"He's lying. He had four." Tomas shouted again and I knew that he was two seconds away from feeling my fist in his face.

"I didn't really enjoy them though."

"Now that's true." Tomas said. "He didn't even grab any of their boobs. He didn't even want to play real or fake."

"Well, that's good." Clementine rolled her eyes. "You got four lap dances?" She asked me softly and I could see the hurt in her eyes.

"It didn't mean anything to me." I grabbed her hand. "I only went for Tomas."

"We'll talk about it later." She sighed. "I need to get breakfast and then I have a call with Holden in two hours."

"Another one?" I let go of her hand and turned away from her and closed my eyes. When was this guy just going to go away?

"We're finishing up a project Rhett."

"Yeah, okay. Go and get the coffee, I'll see you later." I mumbled, not knowing why I suddenly felt so bereft inside. There was a coldness seeping in and I wasn't sure why.

"I know you're not mad at me, Rhett Madison." Her voice was annoyed. "Mr. I got four lap dances while I told you I was bowling last night."

"And how was studying?" I finally opened my eyes up and looked at her. "Was that all you did?" I asked accusingly, knowing I was acting like a jealous boyfriend. I had absolutely no reason to think that anything else was happening. I knew I was being irrational and then I saw the red hue rising in her face and my stomach dropped. Maybe I wasn't being so irrational after all.

Chapter Four

Clementine

So I open the window,

hoping the breeze blows.

Birds going crazy.

I'm wondering how they know.

"The Fire In My Head" by David Berkeley- The Fire in My Head

It's funny. You always think that once you get the guy, everything in your life is going to be great. And if he loves you, well what more can you ask for? That's the dream right? Meet the right guy; fall in love and everything else is smooth sailing. That's not always how it works out. No one told me that going from friends to lovers was going to be so hard or so different. Not one person. Well, asides from Penelope. And I didn't want to hear a word she had to say. I mean, how could I trust her advice? She'd tried to sleep with him. Just thinking about them touching made me cringe.

"I'll have three black coffee's please and three cheese croissants." I smiled at the barista though I really wanted to get Rhett some veggie juice or something. I'd played it off and smiled at his lies, but I was hurt and upset. I didn't understand why he'd lied to me. I mean, I understood that maybe he didn't want me to know about the strip-club, but to keep up the lie was hurtful. It was even more hurtful to know that he'd gotten a lap dance - several in fact. A part of my brain wanted to know exactly what had gone on during the lap dance. Had he gotten hard? Was he attracted to any of the women? Did he wish he could spend the night with any of them?

"Any sugar?" The barista asked me and I could tell this wasn't the first time.

"Sorry, no." I apologized. "I was thinking about something."

"That's fine." She looked bored. "You can go and wait over there."

"Oh okay, sure." I nodded and walked to the end of the counter.

"Clementine?" I heard Holden's voice behind me and turned around.

"Hey," I smiled at him weakly, not wanting to think of the night before.

"I thought that was you. How are you?"

"Fine." I nodded, a bit freaked out. What was he doing here?

"Last night was good. I think we're going to ace the assignment." He smiled at me again, his dimples making his face look more boyishly handsome.

"I hope so." I nodded.

"About last last..." He started and paused. "I just wanted to say sorry."

"It's fine." I nodded awkwardly; as I thought about the light kiss he'd given me on the lips as I'd been sitting on the couch waiting for the pizza to arrive.

"I thought that..." His voice trailed off and we both stood there awkwardly.

"It's okay. No harm, no foul."

"I really like you Clementine." He looked into my eyes searchingly. "I know that maybe I shouldn't be saying this."

"You don't even know me." I shook my head, my voice and eyes pleading with him to stop.

"What I know I like."

"I have a boyfriend."

"He's a meathead." He made a face. "No offense, of course, but I don't know, I don't think he's right for you."

"You don't even know him." I sighed. "Please, don't say anything else. Rhett is my best friend, he's my-"

"You do realize that you just said he's your best friend? You didn't say that he's your boyfriend. You didn't say he was the love of your life."

"Holden." I was getting annoyed. "It doesn't matter what I say, please stop."

"Even though he lied to you?" He sounded confused. "In my book, it's not a very trustworthy boyfriend that tells his girlfriend that he's bowling when he's busy getting a hand job at a strip-club."

"That's not fair." I sighed, wishing I hadn't told him about Rhett's lie. "And he didn't get a hand job."

"Okay then, a blowjob." His face reddened. "I'm sorry to use such crude language with you, but what do you think goes down at strip-clubs?"

"I'm not going to talk about this with you." My face grew warm with humiliation as I thought about Rhett getting a hand job in the strip club. He wouldn't do that, would he? I bit on my lower lip as I tried to remember the stories he'd told me from before we started dating. What had he done before? I knew that he and Tomas used to like to touch the girls' breasts and bet if they were real or not and I knew that he'd once had an accident in his pants when he'd worn only sweatpants and nothing else. I felt sick even thinking about that story, but I knew I couldn't bring it up. It was a story he'd told me when he was 18 and it had only been his second trip. I couldn't allow myself to get jealous over something that had happened in his past.

"So do you want to talk about the assignment now, seeing as we're both still here?" He asked eagerly and I knew that Holden was not going to get the hint.

"I have to take the coffee's and croissants back for Rhett and his friend Tomas." I shook my head. "They are waiting on me. And I don't have my books. We'll talk on the phone later."

"I can come back with you if you want." He asked eagerly. "Maybe we can-"

"Holden, no." I shook my head. "I'll call you later." I sighed.

"Am I coming on too strong?" He made a face.

"It's not that, but you know I have a boyfriend."

"I can wait."

"Wait for what?" I asked stupidly, and immediately regretted it.

"For when you break up." He smiled weakly and my eyes bore into his with what I hoped to be a look of disdain. "Sorry." He followed up quickly. "That was wrong of me."

"Yeah it was." I sighed. Maybe Rhett had been right. Maybe Holden was after more than friendship. And then I started laughing at myself. I could see from Holden's face that he was confused, but I didn't care. There was no maybe about it. Holden was definitely interested in me. And if I was honest, it made me feel kind of good. Though it also made me feel guilty. Was I emotionally cheating on Rhett if I liked the fact that a very handsome and smart guy was interested in me?

"Are you okay, Clementine?" Holden's eyes searched mine. "I'm sorry for being inappropriate. I should have just apologized and left it at that."

"Yes, you should have." I touched his shoulder. "Look Holden, I'm not interested like that, but if you want to stay friends that's fine. Please don't try and kiss me again."

"I can't promise I'm not going to hope for more." He grinned. "That's okay, right?"

"Holden!"

"What?" He laughed. "Stranger things have happened. Do you know how many people meet when someone is dating someone else? A lot, that's how many. I know you don't want to think about that now, but it's just life. This could be how our story starts."

"Holden!" I exclaimed again. "Please don't."

"It's true." He grinned. "There are movies based on love stories like this. We'll look back and laugh at this."

"You're making me uncomfortable." I told him honestly and turned to see if my coffees were ready.

"You're not in South Carolina anymore, Clementine. There's a whole big world out there. A world that exists outside of your friendship with Rhett. From what I've seen-"

"Stop." I held my hand up. "You don't know me and you don't know Rhett. Just stop."

"Just because it's comfortable doesn't mean it's right." He said softly. "You can't stay in a cocoon, just because he's the only one you've ever known."

"You don't know my life, Holden." I said angrily as I grabbed my coffees.

"I know more than you think." He grabbed his coffee and walked outside the store with me. "I dated my high school girlfriend for years. And then we both went to college and we realized that what we had was nothing compared to what we could have."

'That's sad. Everything isn't bigger and better."

"You're better." We stopped outside my building. "I know that and we've never even been on a date."

"How could you possibly know that?" I pulled out my keys.

"I knew it the moment we had our first conversation." He smiled at me gently. "I knew it when I looked into your eyes. As soon as I saw you, I knew you were the one."

"Holden, that's awfully romantic, but I already told you that-"

"It's okay." He smiled at me. "I'm a patient guy. When something's meant to be, it'll be. Love isn't meant to be hard. Love isn't based on lies. Love isn't comfortable. Love just is."

"I'll call you later, Holden." I opened the door quickly and ran inside and then shut it firmly. Was Holden a psychopath? I could feel my heart beating at his words. Why was he saying those things to me? He didn't even know me. Holden had made me very uncomfortable, but he had made me think as well. Was I letting Rhett get away with too much? Had I made it too easy on him? He'd done whatever he wanted whenever he wanted and I'd just been there sitting on the sidelines. And as soon as I'd started dating and he'd realized he was falling for me, I'd become his. I hadn't made it hard on him. Even now, he was doing what he wanted without thinking about me. Did he really love me? Or was I just a possession to him that he didn't want anyone else to have. I walked up the stairs slowly thinking hard. Was this for real? Was he really the one? Had I made things too easy for him? Was he going to tire of me? And if he did, would I lose him forever? Would I even want to be friends with him if he broke my heart? I stopped outside our door and leaned against the wall as I struggled to gain my composure. Everything had moved so quickly and everything wasn't going as smoothly as I'd hoped for. I didn't feel like I was living in the dream I'd always imagined my love story to be. I didn't feel any real romance from Rhett. I didn't feel like he really truly adored me. All he ever seemed to want was sex. He never surprised me with flowers or a homemade meal. He never wrote me poems or letters. He never called to tell me he loved me just because. He never did any of the things I'd always dreamed about having in a relationship and I didn't know how to tell him. I mean how could I expect anything different? He'd never been the guy that was full of romance. He'd never been the guy to sweep a girl off of her feet and I wasn't sure why I'd hoped things would be different between us.

I opened the door slowly and walked into the apartment. Rhett and Tomas were sitting at the dining table glaring at each other and I hoped that we weren't about to revisit the strip-club story.

"Where've you been?" Rhett jumped up and walked over to me, a look of contrition on his face.

"I went to the coffee shop. And Holden was there and we talked for a bit."

"Of course, he was there." He sounded annoyed.

"I didn't know he was going to be there."

"Yeah, sure." He took his coffee and walked to the large navy couch. I walked over to the table and gave Tomas a coffee and a croissant and sat down across from him.

"So how've you been?" I took a sip of coffee and ignored Rhett's glare.

"I hope I didn't start anything?" Tomas looked uncomfortable as he bit into his croissant. "You know I didn't mean any trouble. I just wanted me and my boy to have some fun, like we did in the old days."

"The old days were a couple of months ago." I said in a monotone. "And I didn't stop you, did I?"

"Rhett didn't want to go." Tomas spat out. "I made him. It's my bad."

"He didn't have to go if he didn't want to. I assume you didn't have a gun to his head?"

"Well no."

"And I assume you didn't force those four women to give him lap dances?" I raised an eyebrow at him and he made a face and looked at Rhett. "It's fine Tomas. I know you're just trying to be a good friend. Rhett and I will discuss it later."

"Well, you guys can discuss it now." Tomas jumped up quickly. "One of the girls from last night just text me and she wants to show me some new moves."

"One of the strippers?" I asked in disbelief. He wasn't seriously going to go and hook up with a stripper, was he?

"Hell yeah." He jumped up. "I need a shower, and then I'm out. I'll catch you both for dinner later?"

"Sure." My jaw dropped as he ran into the shower and then I looked at Rhett. "Is he being serious?"

"He sure is." Rhett nodded, a small smile on his face.

"Did you ever hook up with a stripper?"

"Never." He said solemnly. "I've never done anything with a stripper, well asides from that time I was wearing the sweatpants and you know."

"Yes, I know." I cringed. "No need to remind me."

"That's a mistake I'll never make again." He grinned.

"What's that?" I asked softly.

"I'll never get a lap dance in sweat pants and no underwear. I swear it felt like she was rubbing on my cock directly." His face froze as he realized what he'd just said. "Shit, I guess I fucked up again huh?"

"No." I stood up and walked over to the couch and joined him. "You didn't fuck up because you told me a story I already knew, Rhett."

"But I can tell from your face you're not exactly impressed." He rubbed my shoulder.

"I don't want to think about you exploding in your pants and coming because some dirty stripper was rubbing up on you, Rhett." I shook my head and rolled my eyes. "Would you want to hear about me dirty dancing with some guy and having an orgasm and no panties on?"

"What the fuck?" His eyes narrowed and his breathing grew heavier. "That did not happen, did it?"

"Would you want to hear about it if it did?" I sat back in the couch, quite enjoying the look of jealousy in his eyes.

"Hell no." He frowned. "Did this happen? And when and with who?"

"Rhett." I snuggled into his chest. "You know everything about me. Have I ever told you a story like that before? Am I the sort of girl that goes out with no panties on?"

"I'd like you to be." He kissed the top of my head and I could tell that his breathing had calmed. "But yeah, no, you've never done anything crazy like that before."

"But if I had you wouldn't want to hear it right?"

"No, I wouldn't want to hear it."

"It's the same with me. I don't want to think about you with other girls, Rhett."

"I'm sorry." He grabbed my hands. "I'm just so used to telling you everything."

"I know. This is a hard transition for both of us."

"I never thought it would be so crazy." He shook his head. "I thought it would be so easy. We've been together forever, but this, this is so different."

"I know." I nodded. "I don't want it to be different. I don't want us to be different. I don't want us to hide things from each other."

"I'm sorry for lying about the strip-club." He made a face. "I really didn't want to go, but then I figured I might as well."

"Did you enjoy it?" I asked him softly.

"Do I have to answer that?" His blue eyes glittered.

"No." I huffed out, starting to feel jealous myself.

"Would you believe me if I told you I didn't enjoy it?" His fingers ran across my cheek and he nipped at my nose. "Would you believe me if I told you that all I could think about was you and what you were doing with Holden." He growled. "I'm sorry for being jealous, but that guy gives me the creeps."

"So, there's something you should know." I paused as his eyes become alert.

"Uh huh and that is?"

"So, maybe Holden tried to kiss me and maybe he thinks he wants to date me."

"What?" He glared at me. "When you say he tried to kiss you, what exactly did he do?"

"His lips lightly pressed against mine." I whispered.

"You kissed him?" Rhett jumped off of the couch at the same moment that Tomas came back into the room.

"Uh, is this a bad time?" He cracked a joke and we both glared at him.

"I didn't kiss him." I jumped up. "He kissed me and I pulled away from him."

"And you still went to meet up with him this morning? What the hell, Clemmie?"

"I didn't go to meet up with him. He happened to be there at the same time."

"Yeah right."

"I didn't kiss him back and I told him off." I muttered. "It's not like I'm into him."

"He knows you have a boyfriend, why did he kiss you?" Rhett grumbled, still looking pissed.

"He said that he doesn't think you're good enough for me." I said, my face turning red.

"Oh snap." Tomas exclaimed and then headed to the door. "I think I'mma head out right now."

"Yeah, that sounds like a good idea." Rhett's eyes never left mine. "Call me when you're headed back."

"Most probably tomorrow." Tomas said and opened the door. "I'll see you two lovers later."

"So do you agree with him?" Rhett asked as soon as Tomas closed the door.

"Agree with who?" I said softly.

"Do you agree with butt face? Do you think I'm not good enough for you?"

"Are you joking Rhett Madison?" I took a deep breath. "If I agreed with him, would I still be here? Would I have told you?" I pressed my fingers into his chest. "You're really annoying me, you know that right?"

"I'm annoying you?" He pushed a finger into my shoulder.

"Yes." I stuck my tongue out at him.

"You're annoying me." He stepped towards me and leaned down. "And that tongue is mine." He whispered before taking it into his mouth and sucking on it. His lips pressed down on mine and my hands reached for his hair as we kissed deeply and passionately. I felt his hands on my back running down to my hips and bringing me towards him. My breasts crushed against his chest and he groaned against my lips as his right hand moved up to the back of my head. I kissed him back eagerly and slipped my hands down the back of his boxer shorts and touched his tight ass. "Don't play with fire, Clemmie." He groaned and adjusted his position so that his hardness was pressed up against my stomach. "I want you so badly."

"I know." I laughed and touched his hardness tenderly. "Your body's telling me that."

"Your fingers are telling me that that makes you happy." His hand grasped my fingers. "Can we make love or do you have something to do?" There was a hopeful look in his eyes and a thrill of excitement ran through me as I stared into his bright blue eyes.

"I think there's something we could do that would be pretty exciting."

"Oh yeah?" He leaned back and looked at me as his hand ran up to my breast. "What's that?"

"Well, I was thinking we could go out and-"

"I don't want to go out." He looked disappointed.

"Listen to me, Rhett." I grinned. "We can go out somewhere and you know."

"No." He shook his head. "What?"

"You know." I blushed as I waited for him to get it. He was so slow sometimes.

"I know a lot of things, but I have no idea what you want us to go out and do, unless it's me going over to Holden's and giving him a piece of my mind."

"Forget Holden. This is about us." I squeezed his hardness again and he groaned.

"Clemmie..." He muttered as he played with my nipple.

"Rhett, I want to go out without any panties."

"No panties?" He looked intrigued and then it hit him. "Oh, no panties." His eyes lit up. "Are you saying what I think you're saying?"

"Yes." I nodded shyly, unable to believe what I was agreeing to. "Let's go and get it on outside of the house."

"Yes!" He picked me up and swung me around the room, carrying me to the bedroom and dropping me on the bed and then collapsing next to me and kissing me all over.

"Rhett," I pushed him off of me. "If you keep this up we won't make it out of the house."

"So where are we going?" He asked excitedly. "A restaurant? I've always wanted to have sex in a booth."

"Are you joking?" I laughed. "How obvious would that be?"

"You'd just get on my lap and pretend to be whispering something to me."

"That's not going to happen." I laughed. "There is no way that people would not suspect that we're having sex."

"How's about in the movie theater?"

"No Rhett."

"At the gym?"

"How are we going to have sex at the gym?" I rolled my eyes at him.

"Well, you can go on the-"

"Not happening Rhett." I giggled. "I was thinking a restroom at the mall.

"What?" He made a face. "A restroom?"

"You know, one of those family restrooms." I stroked his face. "We could rush in and then do it and sneak back out again."

"Oh." He stared at my lips. "That's not exactly what I was thinking?"

"What were you thinking?"

"Something a bit sexier, a bit kinkier."

"Rhett." I groaned. "How kinky?"

"Well not public restroom kinky." He laughed.

"I don't know. I don't want anyone to see us."

"Isn't that part of the fun?"

"You think people watching us would be fun?" My jaw dropped. Did Rhett have a thing for people watching him have sex? How had I never realized that before?

"No silly." He ran his hand up the side of my thigh. "The thrill is the possibility of getting caught. Getting caught itself is not fun, trust me."

"You've been caught before?" I asked softly, my heart pounding.

"No, but Tomas has." He grinned. "And let's just say his grandma and her friends weren't impressed."

"His grandma and her friends?" My eyes widened. Had Tomas slept with one of his grandma's friends?

"Yeah, he went to visit her at her retirement home and hooked up with one of the nurses." He laughed. "He wasn't invited back, I can tell you that."

"Tomas is such a dog." I shook my head. "I can't believe some of the stories you tell me about him."

"He hooked up with Penelope." Rhett said hesitantly and I knew he was scared that he'd get into trouble for bringing her up.

"No way, what?" I gasped, unable to believe my ears. Penelope had been one of my best friends until recently. Our friendship had faded after I'd found out she'd tried to sleep with Rhett. I could have forgiven her for that fact as she'd attempted to have sex with him before I'd been dating him, but even after she realized we had feelings for each other, she tried to manipulate the both of us and I couldn't forgive her for that.

"Yup. She's such a ho."

"Rhett, that's not nice." I shook my head and frowned. "Why is she the ho? Why isn't Tomas a ho?"

"They're both hoes." His fingers slipped under my shirt and made their way up to my bra.

"Then do you think you're a ho as well?"

"I'm a one woman man now, Clemmie. I'm no ho."

"Why are we talking about ho's?" I moaned as he unclasped my bra.

"I have no idea. There are other things I'd rather be doing." He leaned down and kissed my stomach. "You taste like peaches." He licked up to my breasts and pulled my top up.

"Rhett." I moaned. "Be quiet." I grabbed his head and pulled him down to kiss me.

"Wait, no." He paused a mere inch away from my lips.

"What?" I groaned, wanting to feel him against me. My body was crying out for his touch. It was like he was made for me and me for him. When we made love, I felt as if my whole body were on fire. There was nothing that connected us more than the physical act of sex and I couldn't quite get over how amazing it felt.

"What about the park?" He whispered before nibbling on my left nipple.

"The park?" I squirmed on the bed, wishing I hadn't brought up the public sex idea. It had been a spur of the moment thought and now it seemed that Rhett didn't want to let it go.

"Not a bench or anything." He laughed. "We'll take a picnic and then we'll take a nap together."

"A nap?" I was confused.

"Well, we will pretend we're napping." He grinned and then winked at me. "Capisce?"

"I think so." I could feel myself getting excited. "You think it will work?"

"I know so." I could see he was excited as well. "Come on, let's go."

"Wait, I have to change my shorts to a skirt." I giggled as I tried to do my bra up again.

"No, no, take that off as well." He laughed. "No bra and no panties."

"Rhett." I groaned. "You're a pervert and you're corrupting me."

"Don't you like being corrupted?"

"No." I laughed as I pulled my top off and then took my bra completely off. I could see Rhett's eyes narrow as he stared at my naked breasts. I stared at the throb in his throat and smiled sweetly. "What are you thinking?" I asked softly as I walked to the closet and looked for another top slowly.

"I'm thinking we might not make the park." He walked up behind me and kissed my shoulders as his hands circled my waist and then reached up to cup and squeeze my breasts. "God, but I love you Clementine." He groaned in my ear as he pinched my nipples, his erection pressed into my ass. "Only you can make me feel like this." I closed my eyes as he fondled my breasts and kissed my hair. "I love the smell of you. I love the touch of you. I love the taste of you." He whispered into my ear as he kissed it. "Let's never argue again. Let's only be together, happy and carefree."

"Life doesn't always go like that." I moaned as his fingers touched me more aggressively.

"We'll beat life at its' own game, my love." His right hand slid down between my legs. "Now let's go have some fun in the park."

Chapter Five

Rhett

We were back in George Square when the rain gave way.

There's something in how the spring comes so suddenly.

And the dress she wore was yellow.

And the rain was in her hair.

How bad I wanted to tell her that I would always be there.

"George Square" by David Berkeley- Some Kind of Cure

"But we don't actually have a picnic." Clementine looked around nervously as we placed the sheet on the ground.

"We have a picnic basket that looks like we had a picnic and an old wine bottle."

"It just seems so devious." She groaned and held her skirt tightly to her legs.

"The wind isn't going to blow your skirt up Clemmie. You're not going to be exposed to the world."

"You have no idea what could happen." She blushed and then groaned. "This is seeming like a really bad idea, Rhett."

"Why?" I pulled my belt off and placed it in a plastic bag. Then I looked down and realized that had been for nothing. I wasn't going to be taking my pants off, so I really didn't need to take my belt off.

"I can see little kids." She moaned and ran her hands across her eyes. "Let's not and say we did."

"Let's do and say we did." I said and then grinned and looked around. "What kids are you talking about? I don't see anyone."

"I just saw a little boy riding past on his bike." She made a face.

"Clementine, we're covered by a bunch of trees. I really doubt that anyone is going to see us."

"There are eyes everywhere."

"Yeah, I mean maybe someone has a pair of binoculars and is spying on us, but they're not going to see much, we'll be under the blanket."

"Binoculars? What?" She made a face and I groaned. Now I was giving her reasons to say no that she hadn't thought of.

"I mean I doubt anyone has any." I said stiffly and grabbed her hands. "Come on, Clemmie, this is going to be fun. Just some good ol' fashioned American fun."

"Sex in the park is good ol' fashioned American fun?" She raised an eyebrow at me. "Really? Did the President create a law that said all ye citizens must have sex in public places."

"Yes, he did." I laughed. "He even said that those going for citizenship can prove their loyalty to the country by engaging as well."

"That's a great exam to have to pass." She paused. "First, tell me if you can name the first President of the United States and now tell me if you've had sex on a park bench?"

"I have heard that there have been no complaints." I nodded as I kissed her lightly. "All new citizens have been polled and they love their new country."

"Hmm," she kissed me back. "Does that mean that I'm going to be kicked out if I say no."

"Yes, Clementine. If you do not have sex with me in the park today, you'll be sent packing back to the country of your forefathers."

"What country is that then Rhett?"

"Where's Nanna from again?"

"You mean her grandparents?" She laughed. "Nanna is American."

"Shhh, whoever." I said and then sucked on her lower lip and my hand ran up her back. "It doesn't really matter."

"Well, they say that all people originate from one lady in Africa." Her breath was low as my fingers moved forward and brushed her breasts.

"Africa?" I paused and looked into her eyes. "Nanna's from Africa?"

"Nanna's not from Africa and her parents aren't from Africa. However, all of humanity is from Africa, back in the very old days when the first people were made."

"Adam and Eve are African?" I stood back and blinked. "I sure didn't know that. Who told you that?"

"No one told me that." She rolled her eyes. "And I have no idea if Adam and Eve were African. I'm just telling you what anthropologists say based on the oldest remains they've found."

"So wait a minute, if we're all descended from this one lady in Africa does that mean we're related?" I joked and shuddered. "Does this mean that what we're doing is so very wrong on another level?"

"You're sick, Rhett." She punched me in the arm and then squealed as I pinched her nipples. "That's not even something funny to joke about."

"What incest isn't cool?" I leaned forward and ran my tongue across her lips.

"Rhett, you know how to kill a mood." She mumbled and I grinned at her.

"And I know how to bring it right back again." I pulled her down to the ground with me and pulled the blanket over us before moving the back of her yellow dress up.

"You're not just going to go for it, are you?" She moaned as my fingers touched her wetness. Her legs tightened on my hand and I kissed the back of her head as I rubbed her clit.

"I'm not going to go for it unless you want me to."

"Rhett, we can't do this." She rubbed her ass back into me.

"Would you rather we talk about the beginning of the world or spies instead?"

"Neither, Rhett. I don't want to talk about..." She cried out as I slipped a finger inside of her. Her pussy walls clenched on my finger and I could feel her heart racing as I fingered her. I growled into her hair as I played with her and she whimpered.

"Does it feel good?" I asked gently as I pulled my fingers out of her.

"You tease." She moaned and turned over to face me. "You know that it feels great." Her eyes were full of lust as she reached down and unzipped me. "I can't believe you're corrupting me again, Rhett Madison."

"Corrupting you or making you a woman." I gazed into her light brown eyes and pulled her face to mine. "Whichever one it is, I'm glad for it."

"All those nights you shared my bed, you really wanted to be doing this." She giggled and I shook my head as I turned her and mumbled into her shoulder. All of a sudden, I felt serious inside. "I don't want you to think that. I wasn't secretly hoping to make love to you every time I slept in your bed."

"Oh no?" Her fingers were soft and cold on my semi-hard cock and I closed my eyes as she moved her fingers back and forth quickly.

"Clementine." I groaned as she squeezed the tip and I felt my cock growing in her hands. "You've got a magic touch."

"Shhh." She moaned as I played with her breasts.

"I just can't wait anymore." I groaned and turned her back to the other side so that we were spooning. I moved in closer to her and positioned myself between her legs. My cock was now completely hard and it slid next to her pussy effortlessly. I could feel her juices as I teased her clit and she moaned.

"Please Rhett." She muttered as she gyrated back against me.

"Fuck it." I mumbled as I played with her breasts. "I forgot the condoms."

"No." She sighed. "Just no."

"And you didn't get on the pill and not tell me, did you?"

"You know I'm not on the pill yet." She cried, while still gyrating back against me.

"I'll pull out." I placed the tip of my cock at her entrance and rubbed against it. "I'll pull out when I think I'm going to come."

"Okay." She groaned and backed up into me as I slid my cock inside of her and held onto her hips. "Ooh, Rhett. Oh." She cried out as I moved in and out of her. Her pussy felt so wet and tight and I felt myself drowning in her body as we moved together as one. The trees surrounding us made me feel like we were at one with nature. I felt primal and protective and high. Clementine's skin felt so silky and smooth as my fingers ran up and down her body. Everything about the moment was perfect, asides from the fact that I knew I was close to coming. We'd been fooling around for much of the day and I hadn't had a release and I knew that I was ready to blow my load soon.

"You feel so good, Clemmie." I groaned into her ear as I fucked her hard. I tried to concentrate on making her orgasm first and not on how badly I wanted to come.

"Fuck me harder Rhett." She cried out as I slowed my pace down.

"I can't go faster right now." I grunted as I paused. "Give me a second." I mumbled as she clenched her pussy on my cock. "Please Clementine, I don't know if I can-"

"Rhett." She cried out and before I knew it, she had pushed me back on the ground and was on top of me, riding me hard. Her hair was flying in the wind in abandon and her yellow dress clung to her body as she moved back and forth on me. "Oh yes," She screamed as she reached down and kissed me, never once stopping her movements up and down. I groaned as she rode me hard and I felt the lightest drops of rain on my face.

"Clementine," I grunted and held her hips, but she was lost in her own world as she moved back and forth on me. I felt my load exploding inside of her and she screamed as she started to orgasm as well.

"Rhett." She screamed as she collapsed down on top of me, her face wet from the rain and sweat. "Oh Rhett." She kissed me hard as she rolled over to the side.

"Oh Clementine." I grabbed her face and gazed into her eyes. "You're so fucking hot."

"We should leave soon." She ran her hands down my chest. "It's raining and I need you again."

"I need you again as well." I laughed and caressed her face, before pausing. "You know I just came inside of you right?"

"I know." She nodded. "I got carried away, I wasn't even thinking about that."

"We should be fine." I kissed her lightly. "But we have to be more careful next time."

"I know." She moaned. "I never thought I could be so irresponsible."

"None of us are-"

"What's going on here?" A loud male voice shouted behind me and we both froze. I turned over slowly, praying to God that it wasn't who I thought it was. My heart sunk when I saw the police officer.

"Hi officer, my girlfriend and I were just waking up from a nap." I nodded at him and I knew that Clementine was freaking out.

"You came to Danehy Park to sleep?" He gave me an incredulous look.

"Yes officer. Well we had a picnic and then fell asleep."

"And sleeping involves screaming? Or did you both have nightmares?"

"I, uh..." My voice trailed off as I fiddled with my zipper. I turned to look at Clementine and her face was bright red as she avoided eye contact with me. "Well, it's raining now officer, so I think we're going to head home."

"I don't think so young man." He stepped towards us. "Both of you get up and don't make any sudden moves."

"Sudden moves?" I asked and he frowned. "Really officer, we'll be fine. We were just saying we're ready to go home."

"I'm sure you were." He pursed his lips. "However, I'm about to change those plans. I think you'll be enjoy a trip to the precinct."

"Precinct?" My heart stopped. Clementine was going to kill me. She was literally going to rip my heart out and eat it with her bare hands.

"I'm going to have to take you both in for sex in a public place and indecent exposure."

"What indecent exposure?" I jumped up. "We're both dressed."

"Young man, are you threatening me?" He grabbed his baton.

"What?" I asked incredulously. Was this guy crazy?

"Do not raise your voice at me." He said in a deep tone and I knew that I had to be careful with what I said next.

"Officer, I want to apologize for our actions today." Clementine jumped up and said softly. "We were irresponsible and we have learned our lesson. Please don't arrest us." I saw the police officer staring at Clementine for a few seconds and I could see that he was taken in by her.

"If you just let us go, I can give you a thousand dollars." I spoke up and I heard Clementine groan. I knew immediately that I'd fucked up.

"Are you trying to bribe a police officer sir?"

"Please, officer." Clementine stepped forward. "My boyfriend and I are new here, we're from South Carolina and well life's a bit different there. Please forgive him, he's just confused and worried. I promise you that if you let us go, you won't see us here again."

"Lady," the officer addressed her with a frown. "I'm going to let you both go with a warning, but I want to give you some advice. Find a better boyfriend. A guy that loves you would be taking you out for a nice dinner and to a nice hotel for some real loving. This piece of cheap scum is only looking out for himself. He's what we call a player. Any guy that is taking you to the park to get romantic is not the guy for you. Trust me, I'm a good judge of character. I know men like him. You seem like a nice girl and I think it'd serve you well to listen to my advice."

"Thank you, officer." Clementine nodded and I froze feeling furious. How dare he try and tell my girlfriend to leave me? He was obviously looking for a beat down, but I knew that if I laid one finger on him I'd be going away for a long time. I sighed and looked to the ground. "Rhett, help me gather up this stuff." Clementine hissed at me, with fire in her eyes. "And let's go."

"I'm going to leave you all to it now." The officer stared at me with narrowed eyes. "I expect you both to be out of the park within five minutes."

"Yes officer, thank you officer." Clementine nodded and grabbed up the sheets and stuffed them into the bag. "Let's go Rhett." She handed me the empty picnic basket and we walked quickly towards the exit in silence. We made it to the street before I turned to her.

"So is this my fault?" I looked at her to see if I was going to be the one getting the blame for her being loud and riding me.

"It's not my fault." She glared at me. "Mr. let's pretend we're having a picnic and have sex in the park."

"You're the one that said, ooh take me somewhere naughty and fuck me."

"I never said that." She said angrily.

"Oh, just like you said, I'm not going to wear any panties?" I shook my head. "I guess I made you say that as well."

"I said that." She stopped and sighed. "Fine, fine, fine. I thought it was going to be fun. I didn't think we would get busted by the police."

"So you didn't have fun when you came?" I asked her softly and watched her blushing. "Was that just a figment of my imagination, Clementine?"

"Whatever." She gasped as I bit down on her lower lip hard and sucked.

"I had fun when I burst my load inside of you." I pulled away and whispered in her ear and she looked at me in shock.

"You're a pig, Rhett. A real pig."

"I'm just being honest." I shrugged. "That was fucking hot how you pushed me on my back so you could fuck my brains out."

"Rhett." She groaned and started walking again.

"Am I lying or not?" I started walking again, knowing I was digging myself into a deeper hole, but not knowing how to stop myself. "That was the hottest sex I've ever had."

"Fine Rhett. Am I supposed to feel proud of that?" She muttered. "My male slut boyfriend thinks I'm his hottest lay."

"I didn't say you were the hottest lay, I said you were the hottest sex." I muttered angrily and then realized what I'd said. "Not that you're not also the hottest lay as well. You're the most beautiful woman I've-"

"Shut up." She turned to me, her eyes furious. "If you want to make it out of this alive, you need to shut up."

"You're mad at me?" My jaw dropped. "What did I do?"

"Oh grow up, Rhett. It's not always about you, just grow up."

"Wow, no need to be a bitch." I mumbled.

"What did you just call me?" Her voice rose as we walked up the steps to the front door of our building.

"I didn't call you anything." I was annoyed. When had Clementine made the move from understanding, loving and sweet Clemmie to the shrew I now had to deal with? What was her problem? A part of me was wondering if we'd made a mistake in deciding to date. Our whole relationship had changed. Some days I felt like it was just as I remembered it, but other days I got so annoyed and frustrated with her. And she just didn't seem to understand where I was coming from.

"You called me a bitch." She said through clenched teeth. "I'm the bitch because you convinced me to have sex in the park?"

"I never said you were a bitch and it didn't look like you needed much convincing to me." I shrugged. "When you pushed me back on the ground and sat on my cock, that was all you. When you screamed out my name and rode me like some cowgirl from Texas that was all you."

"Whatever Rhett, if you can't have a civilized conversation about this." She shook her head as we walked up the steps.

"Civilized conversation about what?" I opened the front door. "You're the one that is making this a bigger deal than it was."

"You're the one that made me have sex in the park. We nearly got arrested Rhett. That could have been on our records for life."

"Are you being serious?" I dropped the picnic basket on the floor. "This is all my fault?" I took a deep breath. "Is this because I went to the strip-club? Are you still mad at me? Is this your way of expressing your hurt because I got a couple of lap dances? Or is this because I titty fucked Penelope? Or is this because I've had sex before with other women? Are you jealous because I've been with other people? Is this your way of taking it out on me?"

"What?" Her jaw dropped and she threw the bag with the sheets to the corner before walking up to me. "Are you fucking kidding me?"

"Okay." My heart sunk at the expression on her face. "So maybe that wasn't it then." I gave her a weak smile. "I love you, Clementine." I whispered, but she didn't smile back.

"You think I'm upset because you had a past before we started dating?" She poked her finger into my chest. "You think I'm jealous because I'm upset we nearly got arrested and you offered to bribe the officer."

"So maybe I was wrong." I grabbed her hand. "For trying to bribe the police officer and for saying you were jealous."

"You think?" She glared at me for a few seconds, her brown eyes angry.

"I was very wrong. I'm sorry jellybean."

"Don't call me jellybean." She made a face, but I could see she was softening.

"You look pretty in your yellow dress." I tried again.

"Like a jellybean?" She cracked a smile and I felt the stiffness in my back loosening as I realized she was no longer mad.

"No, like the sun." I grinned.

"Uh huh."

"I'm sorry." I made a face. "I messed up."

"It's fine. I messed up as well." She sighed. "I think that-"

"You look so sexy." I stepped forward as I interrupted her and kissed her. "Are you ready for round two?"

"Rhett!" She groaned as my fingers pulled her dress up and off. She stood there naked in front of me and my heart pounded as I stared at her.

"You're so beautiful Clementine." I touched her delicate skin softly.

"We should talk Rhett."

"We can talk later." I shook my head and pulled my shirt off.

"We can't just..." Her voice trailed off as I took my pants and boxers off and stood there in front of her naked.

"I want to make sweet love to you, Clemmie." I stepped forward and grabbed her hand and placed it on my already hard cock. "I'm so turned on right now."

"Rhett." Her eyes were uncertain as she played with my cock. I grabbed her other hand and pulled her down to the rug. "Ooh, Rhett." She groaned as I spread her legs and buried my face in her pussy, my tongue licking her up eagerly, loving the taste of her on my face.

"Shh, we can talk later." I lifted my head up and gave her a quick smile, before burying my face back in her wetness and sticking my tongue inside of her. She cried out and I felt her inner thighs clenching my face as I ate her out. I smiled as I felt her body trembling underneath me and sucked down on her clit. I was good at sex. I knew that. I knew that I could make her come. I knew that I could make it all better with sex. As I felt her juices pouring down on my face, a thought flashed through my mind. A thought that made me think twice about what I was doing. A thought that made me worried and scared. We were having make-up sex, but we hadn't really addressed any of the problems that we had in the relationship. And there were definite problems that were showing up already. Problems I didn't know how to fix. Problems that we hadn't had as best friends. Problems I was scared could end the relationship. I closed my eyes so that I could focus on making Clementine feel good, but I knew that hot sex wasn't going to seal the cracks that were already developing between us. I was scared inside. I was more scared than I'd ever been in my life. I loved this woman more than anything in my life, but I didn't know if that was going to be enough.

Chapter Six

Clementine

And all that we've been through

Don't leave me

I won't leave you

And all that we've been through

Be with me

I'll shelter you

"Shelter" by David Berkeley- The Fire in My Head

"I'll miss you guys." Tomas gave me a quick hug before turning to Rhett. "Y'all have to come back home soon."

"Yeah, we're going to come for Thanksgiving and Christmas." Rhett spoke up and I could feel my stomach churning. What was he talking about? I hadn't been planning on going home for Thanksgiving as I had to study for finals.

"Okay great." Tomas grabbed his bag. "I can't wait. I better go as the taxi's waiting for me."

"Have a great flight back, Tomas." I smiled at him. "I enjoyed having you here. Give Jake a big hug for me and tell him he needs to get his ass up here soon."

"Will do, Clemmie." He rubbed the top of my head. "Thanks for having me guys."

"Bye." Rhett gave him a slap on the shoulder. "Stay safe, bro."

"You too." Tomas walked out of the door, flashed another smile and left.

"I'll miss his crazy ass." Rhett said after closing the door.

"I'm just glad he's not here to take you to strip-clubs every weekend." I smiled at him and he laughed in response. We both stood there for a few seconds awkwardly and I sighed. "We should talk." I bit my lower lip nervously. I didn't want to have this conversation. At all.

"Yeah." He nodded and looked at me with a sad face. His expression made my heart stop and I walked to the couch.

"So," I started, but my voice cracked and I didn't know what to say.

"So," He said and we sat down on the couch.

"About the other day." I took a deep breath. "I want to apologize."

"What happened the other day?" He frowned.

"The day we were in the park." I smiled. "I shouldn't have blamed you for us getting caught or for us having sex in the park. I think I was just stressed and worried and still in shock."

"It's okay." He nodded. "I understand Clemmie. And I should apologize as well. I'm the one that convinced you that the park would be safe."

"You'd try and convince me of any and everything, Rhett." I laughed and stared at him. "You've got a way with words."

"Well you know." He grinned and winked at me.

"But after that, when we were arguing, we said some things." I frowned. "I think we should talk about them."

"Talk about what?" He frowned.

"Just what's going on between us?" I made a face. "I know this isn't what either one of us was expecting."

"What do you mean?" His expression changed and he looked worried.

"You know what I mean, Rhett." I sighed. "I know you stop yourself from telling me stuff now. I know that this is different for both of us."

"Are you breaking up with me?"

"No." I shook my head. "But I'm scared Rhett. Everything was so easy between us and now, well now..." My voice trailed off and we just stared at each other.

"No one said it would be this hard, did they?" He half-laughed. "I don't know why it's this hard. I don't know what I'm doing wrong. Maybe I'm not cut out for relationships."

"Rhett, I think both of us need to adjust our expectations of what this relationship should be like."

"I'm not the boyfriend you've always dreamed of having, am I?" He looked sad. "I wish I was that guy, but I have a past, Clemmie."

"It has nothing to do with your past, Rhett." I shook my head. "I knew about your past. I just expected a bit more romance."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean romance, not just sex." I looked at his confused expression. "I know that you might not understand. I just don't know how to explain this to you." I mumbled. How could I tell him that I thought he used sex to solve everything? How could I tell him that I felt like he wasn't truly giving himself to me? How could I tell him that I wanted him to woo me, and that I wanted to feel his deep devotion on a daily basis. How could I tell him that I didn't feel like his girlfriend, but more like his best friend with benefits? I was scared to tell him. I was scared that he would respond badly. I didn't know how he would respond because he'd never been in a real relationship before. I knew that he wasn't emotionally equipped for conversations like this and I didn't know how to approach the topic.

"I booked us for a class." He spoke up and grabbed my hands, his blue eyes light and unsure.

"What?" I frowned. "What class?"

"A relationship class." He gave me a half-smile. "Don't look so shocked." He stroked my face. "I saw it in the newspaper the other day. I thought it could help us."

"So you've been worried about us as well?" I felt hurt, though I knew I was being irrational.

"I've been worried that you're going to leave me." He looked away. "I know that I use sex to make things better and I know that at the end of the day, sex is not going to be enough. I know you need more from me than I'm currently giving. I don't want you to leave me, Clementine."

"I'm not going to leave you, Rhett." I reached out and grabbed his face. "Why would I leave you?"

"That's what happens in life." He shrugged. "People leave when things get rough." His eyes looked into mine and I could see the pain reflected in his expression. It was a pain I'd seen shining through from his soul for many, many years.

"I'm not going to leave you, Rhett. I'm not your mom." I said softly and my heart broke for the man sitting in front of me.

"We don't know what's going to happen." He shrugged. "I just don't want to give you a reason to leave or stop loving me." He muttered and as I looked into his face I was taken back to his thirteenth birthday party. And the empty look of sadness that had been on his face when he'd realized that his mother wasn't going to be there to celebrate him becoming a teenager. We'd never spoken about it, but I'd seen his hurt. Rhett had carried the pain of his mother leaving all of his life and he'd never been able to speak about it. Not really. Yes, we'd talked about it on a superficial level, but he'd never opened up about her completely and I'd never pushed it.

"There's nothing you could do that would stop me from loving you, Rhett Madison." I squeezed his hand. "When is this class?"

"We can go tonight." He smiled sweetly. "They have it every day. It's a group setting."

"A group setting?" I knew my face reflected my horror. "What?"

"Haha, I know." He laughed. "That's what I thought as well, but supposedly it's meant to help to be around other couples with other issues and we all get to weigh in and discuss the issues."

"I see." I made a face. I wasn't sure how I felt about discussing our issues with other couples there. It seemed so impersonal.

"We'll see how it goes." His eyes searched mine. "We'll see if it helps."

"I'm willing to try." I nodded. "I'm surprised you even found the class, you surprise me."

"I'm a man of surprises."

"In your pants?" I joked and he laughed.

"Isn't that supposed to be my line?"

***

"Welcome, welcome everyone." A tall lady with short, curly black hair grinned at everyone in the room. "I'm Tasha and I'm the group lead today. Thanks to everyone for coming."

"Thanks for having us." Rhett answered and she beamed at him. I tried not to roll my eyes as I noticed some of the other girls in the class checking him out. No wonder their relationships were in trouble, if they were busy checking my man out.

"So is everyone ready to get started?" Tasha smiled.

"Yes," We all chorused and she sat down.

"Great." She looked at each of us and then continued. "Today is going to be hard for some of you. We aren't like most group meetings. We don't introduce ourselves and talk about our love of basketball or golf. We jump right into the issues. We try and get to the crux of the problems in your relationships. This setting is meant to help you identify your issues by listening to each other speak."

"People are going to tell me what me and Juan's problem is?" A girl to the right of Rhett spoke up. "How they going to know?"

"No, no, Valentina." Tasha smiled and looked at all of us. "But that was a great question. Let me explain how it's going to work. We will go in turns and talk about our relationships. We will identify as a group, what issues we think each couple is facing and each couple will then spend some time and talk about whether or not they think they have that issue. Does that make sense everyone?"

"Yes," I nodded as Valentina made a face at me. I could see Rhett looking at me and I reached over and grabbed his hand. This was not exactly what I'd had in mind when I thought of a relationship course, but I was trying not to judge the class before it was over.

"Okay, let's start." Tasha nodded to me and Rhett. "Why don't you two start?"

"Yes, Brad and Angelina, I wanna know what problems you two have?" Valentina cracked a joke and the group laughed. Tasha held up her hand and looked around the group. "Remember this is a no judgment zone, I don't want any couples making fun of other couples issues, okay? You're all here because you're having problems in your relationship. Please don't say anything you wouldn't want to hear. Does everyone understand?"

"Si." Valentina said and rolled her eyes. I looked over at Rhett and he grinned at me. I could tell from his expression that he felt as out-of-place in this setting as I did. In fact, he looked so out of place that I wanted to laugh. Never in a million years, would I have pictured my Rhett in a group relationship class.

"Are you ready Rhett and Clementine?"

"Yes." I spoke up and Rhett squeezed my hand. "What exactly are we meant to say?"

"Just tell us about your relationship and we'll go from there."

"Okay," I nodded and took a deep breath. "Rhett and I have been best friends since we were little kids. I was the studious kid, always studying and never dating and he was the playboy, dating around and barely studying." I gave him a quick look. "And when I say he dated, he really dated. He would call me every night and tell me about his dates."

"Or I would go over to her place and tell her." He laughed. "And ask her for advice and help."

"Yeah, he recruited me to help him one night that he had two dates." I laughed remembering the past. "I know it sounds weird now, but that was the relationship we had. We could say anything to each other. We could do anything and we knew the other one wouldn't judge us." I paused and took a deep breath. "And then a few months ago, we realized we liked each other as more than friends."

"I realized I loved her as more than an annoying bratty sister." He added and I punched him in the arm. Tasha smiled at us and I continued.

"So we realized we loved each other and decided to give a relationship a chance. And we moved here from South Carolina and-"

"Do you two live together?" Valentina asked curiously.

"Yes, why?" I responded.

"You've been dating for a couple of months and you live together already?" She raised her eyebrows. "That's a bit fast, no?"

"We've been friends for years, so the relationship while new, isn't new new. We still knew each other."

"And how is living together going?" Tasha asked.

"It's fine." I said and at the same time that Rhett replied. "She's messy as hell."

"What?" I turned to him. "You're the messy one." I glared.

"I'm just saying you leave your clothes everywhere." He shrugged. "And your hair products and your makeup and your magazines."

"I don't leave them everywhere."

"It would be nice to have some order in the apartment?" He gave me a weak smile.

"I'm not messy." My voice rose in shock. "I don't even know where that is coming from."

"It's not a big deal, but I didn't realize that you were a slob."

I dropped his hand and moved away from him, feeling angry. How dare he call me a slob?

"So okay, the living arrangement seems to have some contention?" Tasha continued. "What about the rest of the relationship. How is that going?"

"What relationship? He just wants sex." I spat out.

"What?" Rhett's voice sounded shocked. "Are you joking?"

"Nope." I looked around the group. "I feel like all you care about is sex, that's the only time you act lovey dovey."

"I tell you I love you all the time." He sounded dazed. "Are you kidding me? I've never told a girl I love her before. You're the only one Clementine. You're my only real girlfriend."

"He doesn't treat me like a girlfriend. He doesn't plan dates. He doesn't buy me gifts. He doesn't surprise me with calls or poems or anything. All he does is ask what's for dinner and when he can have sex."

"Are you frigging kidding me?" He sounded angry. "I just brought you home some candy and dinner the other night."

"A Hershey's bar and a slice of pizza are not dinner and candy, Rhett." I sighed. "I mean I just felt like there would be more romance." I sighed and looked at Tasha. "I've never really been in a relationship before and I guess I had dreams of it being something a bit more."

"Welcome to the club, girlfriend." Valentina spoke up. "Juan and I have been together for five years and I'm still waiting for the romance. We had a baby the first year and I feel like that was it."<br/>

"I'm so glad you were both honest with your issues." Tasha beamed at us and there was an understanding in her eyes. "That's the most important first step. Being honest means that there is hope. There is hope for both of you. We just need to get to the root of those problems."

We sat back and smiled and nodded, but I knew she was simplifying how far we'd come. Yes, we had acknowledged we had issues. However, getting to the root of the problems was going to be a much harder feat than just acknowledging them.

Chapter Seven

Rhett

Homesick is hard when you don't know

Just where it is that you call home.

I don't know how this roof's going to hold.

It's oh so cold.

It's been snowing too hard I fear.

Yes, I know that it's pretty here,

And the air is clear.

But the years aren't passing fast enough this way.

Maybe you can save me now.

I'm not sure how.

I'm calling out for that

I'm crying out for that.

"Homesick" by David Berkeley- Some Kind of Cure

I sat with the phone cradled next to my ear feeling nothing. Absolutely nothing. And it scared me more than I wanted to admit to myself. I stared at the wall in front of me wishing that Clementine was home, but she was at school still.

"Can you come home?" The voice was impersonal. "She's not in a good way."

"What can I do if I come back to South Carolina?" My voice sounded cold, but I didn't know how to sound any other way.

"Maybe you can talk to her. She has Cirrhosis of the liver." He sounded bored as if he were talking about an everyday cough. "If she doesn't stop drinking, she's going to die."

"How long has she known?" I had to know the answer.

"Two years." He said without a change in his tone. I wondered how many times the doctor had made this call to family members. How many times he had had to tell someone that a loved one was dying and it was all their own fault.

"I see." I blinked and all I could think about was Clementine. Where was she? Was she with Holden? How ironic that she was worried about me cheating on her when she was the one that was hanging out with other guys. I knew I was being irrational. I knew that she was just studying with him, but I also knew now for a fact that he wanted her.

"Rhett, I know this is hard for you. I know you just moved, but it could really help if you came down. I'll let you think about it and see what you can do. Feel free to call the office if you have any questions, Rhett. You're her only family." And then just like that, he hung up.

My face was cold, my stomach felt heavy, the tears sat in the bottom of my eyes, wanting to fall. I could feel the vein in my upper thigh throbbing as I sat there. I felt nothing inside. Nothing, but a big empty void of pain. I felt like I'd just cut my arm off. I felt like I'd lost a part of myself. And I had no one to talk to. No one would be able to understand how I felt. I didn't want to hear that things would get better. I didn't want to hear that she loved me underneath it all. I didn't want to hear that I was better off without her. The truth of the matter was that she was my mother and all I wanted, was for her to love me. All I wanted was for her to say I was enough. I was enough reason to stop drinking. I was enough for her to get her act together. I wanted to be her little boy. I wanted to be the apple of her eye. I wanted to be enough to take the pain away. Didn't she realize how much I loved her? Didn't she know how much I wanted to take away her pain? Didn't she know that she was killing herself as well as me? Didn't she know that I'd give it all up, everything to just understand why?

She was killing herself with the alcohol, but I was the one dying inside. Nothing mattered without her love. Nothing could make up for the emptiness inside. Not even Clementine. No matter how many kisses she gave me. No matter how tightly she held me. No matter how many times she told me she loved me. She couldn't fix this. She couldn't make this better. I didn't even know what to do. What could I do if I went home? How could I make things better? I didn't even know where I belonged any more. Clementine was flourishing in Boston. She was blooming before my eyes and a part of me wondered if she even needed me anymore. And my mother? I didn't even know if she was really my mother anymore. Yes, she'd given birth to me, but she hadn't been in my life. I could barely remember what she looked like. I had to close my eyes and think hard to try and remember her face. My heart ached as I realized I didn't know where I belonged or how I belonged. I wanted somebody to save me. I wanted somebody to show me the way. I wanted Clementine to make it alright, but I didn't know if she could save me. I didn't even know if it was right for me to expect her to save me. I was the man. I was the one that was supposed to have it all together. I was scared for her to see the pain inside. I was scared of how she was going to react. How could I tell her how empty I felt inside? How could I tell her that behind my bravado and charisma, there was a shell of a man? How could I tell her that I loved her more than life itself, but something in me was still hurting? Something in me was constantly worried. I didn't even understand it myself. No one knew what lay behind my blue eyes. No one knew that every morning there was a dull ache that never went away. I didn't know how to tell her that I was scared that she was going to leave me because my mother had left me. If my own mother hadn't thought I was enough, how could I expect Clementine to feel any differently?

I stared at the phone in my hand and realized that, like it or not, my life was changed forever. Everyone thought that falling in love with Clementine had been the event that had changed my life. They thought the fact that I'd finally taken a girlfriend meant my life had taken a huge turn. And it had taken a turn. I was now in a relationship. But the relationship didn't define me. The relationship hadn't changed my life because Clementine had always been there in my heart. She'd always been mine and I'd been hers. There was never a real question about that. But now, now everything was different. I felt different. I felt lost. I felt like an evolution was going on in my life and I didn't want it anymore. I didn't want to know this new life. I didn't want my life to change. I didn't want to acknowledge that my mother was dying and even more than that, I didn't want to acknowledge that I needed to let that relationship go before it destroyed me.

Clementine and her family had always been my home. They'd been the one's there to pick me up and save me every time I fell, but that hadn't stopped the hole within from growing bigger and bigger. I didn't know what to do anymore. I was scared and worried. I was scared that I'd never be able to make it right. I didn't want to see my mother. I didn't want to face that pain again. I wanted to ignore it and her and that made me feel guilty. What sort of son was I? Was I capable of love? Was I capable of really loving someone? I didn't even know anymore. I just didn't even know. I jumped up and walked to the bedroom and looked at some of the photos that Clementine had put on the wall of the two of us. Photos that reminded me of the past. Photos that reminded me of how simple my life had been before I'd acknowledged that I had feelings for Clementine. The days when all I'd needed was to hook up with some random girl, to forget the loneliness. The days when casual sex had provided me with a high that was enough to get me through. Though, it had never been the sex that had gotten me through. It had always been Clementine. It had always been there. She'd always been my rock, but what had I been to her? Was I doomed to ruin this relationship? Could I be the man that she wanted? I stared at a photo of the two of us sitting on a couch together making silly faces and my heart broke. This beautiful girl was my life. She deserved better than me. She deserved a man that could give her the stars and the moon. She deserved a man that could give her everything she wanted. I didn't know if I was capable of being that man. I didn't know if I had it in me to give that much of my heart and soul; no matter how much I wanted to. I didn't even know if I had that much to give anymore. I sat down on the bed and held the picture frame to my chest. I wanted so much to make it work with Clementine, but I didn't know if I could ever be the man that deserved to be with her.

Chapter Eight

Rhett

"Did it hurt you? These are the scars you never show. She is a fire sign, you know. One day you're near and then you go."

"Fire Sign" by David Berkeley - After The Wrecking Ships.

There was only one room with a light shining through the door as I walked down the corridor and I paused outside the door, debating whether or not I should go inside. My heart was racing as I stood there uncertainly. I wasn't even sure what I was doing here. I knew Clementine would wonder where I was when she got home. I hadn't called and I hadn't left a message, but I hadn't known what to say.

"Hey," a girl standing by the doorway nodded at me unsmiling. "You here for the group?"

"Perhaps."

"What's your issue?" She looked me up and down. "Let me guess, cocaine?"

"No, I don't do cocaine." I shook my head.

"Heroine?"

"No."

"Meth?" Her voice rose and she looked surprised. "You look too preppy for a meth addict."

"I'm not an addict."

"Then why are you here?" She sounded annoyed.

"To understand." I said softly.

"To understand what?"

"What it's like to be an addict."

"Oh." She pulled her hair to her lips and started sucking on it.

"Why are you here?" I smiled. "Addicted to sucking your hair?" I teased her lightly.

"Alcohol." She shrugged and looked down. "And company."

"Company?" I looked around the room. Most people were sitting in chairs by themselves, not communicating.

"It's not Glee Club." She said shrilly. "But we all come every week. I can count on them."

"For what?"

"To be there." She shrugged.

"I see." Though I didn't really. I looked at the small group of people and looked back at the door. "I guess I should leave." I said softly, the most unsure I'd ever been in my life.

"You don't have to leave." She shook her head, her eyes disappointed. "We could always use another member."

"I'm not an addict though. I don't want to take time away from anyone else."

"But you came to understand right?" She asked softly as I nodded. "I wish my boyfriend would come."

"You have a boyfriend?" I looked at her skinny body and greasy hair and had to admit I was surprised. "Sorry that was rude." I said quickly.

"No need to apologize." She laughed. "It takes a lot more than that to get me down."

"I didn't mean to be rude. Clementine says I talk without thinking sometimes."

"Who's Clementine? Your girl?" She looked at me thoughtfully.

I nodded in response, feeling guilty that I was even here. For some reason I felt like I was cheating on Clementine. I knew she'd be hurt if she knew I was here, but I hadn't known how to tell her how I felt. I was ashamed of myself for my feelings. I was ashamed that a part of me just wanted to forget my mother even existed. I was ashamed that I felt so empty inside, when I should have been the happiest in my life.

"She pretty?" The girl in front of me continued sucking her hair. "She must be real pretty if she got a guy like you."

"A guy like me?"

"A guy with big blue eyes and a handsome face." She laughed. "I'm an addict. I'm not blind."

"I'm really not all that." I said modestly and then laughed. I could imagine the face Clementine would have made if she'd witnessed this conversation.

"So is Clementine the one with the problem?" The girl paused. "Let me guess, she's addicted to crack and you don't know how to tell your blue-blood parents that their perfect son is caught up with a crackhead from the wrong side of the tracks."

"I'm no blueblood." I said with a drawl and laughed at her shocked expression. "And Clementine is not a crackhead or from the wrong side of the tracks."

"So who's the dope head?"

"No one's a dope head." I said softly.

"Oh." I knew she wanted to ask more, but she thought better of it.

"My mom's an alcoholic." I said softly. "And she's dying."

"Oh." She said again and this time she removed the hair from her mouth and brushed it away from her face. I could see now that she was prettier than I'd initially thought. "That's tough."

"I don't understand why she won't stop drinking." I said softly. "That's why I'm here. I want to understand. I want to feel compassion." My heart broke as I spoke. "I want to feel whole."

"Abuse? Rape? Repressed mental trauma? Depression?" She said softly. "Those things usually lead to alcoholism. At least they did to mine."

"I'm sorry." I said awkwardly, having forgotten that she also had an alcohol problem.

"Don't worry about it. My boyfriend Jim says stuff to me all the time." She shrugged. "Way more hurtful, but I still love him."

"What's your name?"

"Caroline."

"I'm Rhett."

"Like Rhett Butler in Gone With The Wind?"

"Just like Rhett Butler." I nodded.

"I should have guessed from your drawl." She looked at her watch. "We should grab a seat, Bill will be here soon and he likes to start right away."

"Maybe I should go." I said again, uncertainly. I wasn't even sure why I'd ended up here. I wasn't sure what I was expecting to figure out.

"Don't go." She grabbed my arm, her eyes pleading with me. "Maybe you'll find some answers."

"I doubt it."

"You never know. It helps me to come." She gave me a wistful smile, her eyes looking suddenly bleak. "These meetings are like a glimpse of sunshine in my grey days."

"Oh, I don't-"

"I sound depressing, don't I?" She giggle suddenly. "Jim always tells me to smile. He says that's my best asset."

"Then you should never stop smiling."

"We're high school sweethearts you know. You wouldn't think it by looking at me now, but I was head cheerleader and he was a part of the football team."

"All-American couple."

"We were Homecoming King and Queen." She stared off in the distance. "Of course I knew we would be."

"That's great."

"I bet you and Clementine were King and Queen as well right?" She looked at me then. "There's no way you weren't."

"We didn't date in high school." I said softly, thinking back to my friendship with Clemmie in high school. I couldn't believe how blind I'd been. "I was a bit of a doofus and didn't realize until recently that I loved her."

"Wow."

"We've been best friends for years." I continued. "And a part of me has always loved her, but I just didn't realize just what she meant to me."

"Why isn't she here?" She looked at me questioningly. "I'm surprised she didn't come as well."

"She doesn't know I'm here." I took a deep breath. "She doesn't know that my mom is dying."

"I'm sorry." Caroline grabbed my hand. "I didn't mean to be insensitive."

"It's fine." I shrugged. "I came because I want to understand why I feel the way I do. My heart is breaking and at the same time I feel a cold indifference." The words came out of my mouth reluctantly. It felt like I was letting out a secret I was ashamed of. A secret I didn't want anyone to know about. "And I think that my feelings towards my mother are hurting my relationship with Clementine."

"What does she say?"

"She doesn't know." I said softly. "I don't know how to tell her that I feel empty inside. I don't want to hurt her. I don't know how to explain that even though I love her with all my heart, there are days that my heart feels empty and void." I whispered the words feeling ashamed.

"Love's weird." She nodded. "I love Jim, but you know, the alcohol is something I love as well."

"I just want to be able to heal my heart." I sighed. "I just want to get over the hurt my mom left me with and I guess I came here because I think understanding her problem will help me to forgive her. And forgiving her will help me get rid of this void she left me with. And once I get rid of that void, I can get over the fear that Clementine might leave me."

"I understand." Caroline nodded, her eyes full of tears. "I'm scared that Jim might leave me too. He's the only one I have now. I just need to be a better person. I just need to give up the drink. If I could just go back to a time when I didn't drink, I'd be okay. We'd be okay. Jim and I could be okay. I just need to turn back time. I just need to go back to a day I didn't drink, then I could make sure I never picked up a bottle."

"I'm sure Jim understands how hard you're trying." I squeezed her arm and she looked at me then, her eyes clouded over.

"I just wish I could do my life over." She whispered and we walked over to the chairs.

***

"Bye Caroline." I waved as she ran out of the room as soon as the session had ended. I was sad that she'd just left like that, but I guessed that her boyfriend was most probably waiting on her to come home. Just like Clementine. I felt guilty that I'd left the apartment without letting her know I'd be gone, but I was so thankful that I'd come here. I didn't fully understand what it was to be an addict, but I'd seen the pain that many of the group were dealing with and I was beginning to understand how complex the issue of addition was. I turned to Bill the instructor and spoke, "Thanks for having me here. I really appreciate you letting me sit in."

"We were glad to have you Rhett. You should really check out some Nar-Anon groups." He handed me some papers. "I think you'll find that it's helpful being around other people that have family members that are addicts. "It's important for you to not take on the addiction issue and let it control your life."

"I think I'm going to look for a group." I nodded, thankfully. "I was glad to come today though. I know this might sound weird, but I feel calmer after having been here. I really liked everyone, especially Caroline."

"And Caroline really took to you. It's been a while since I've seen her smiling like that." Bill said.

"Oh, she seems really nice." I nodded. "I hope her boyfriend comes to a meeting soon to support her."

"Her boyfriend?" He looked confused.

"Jim." I said, hoping I wasn't sharing private information. "Caroline was talking about him earlier."

"Oh." He nodded and sighed. "I see."

"What?" I leaned forward. "Is he some sort of asshole?"

"No." He paused and then looked me in the eyes. "Jim is dead, Rhett. He died in a drunk driving accident, Caroline was the one driving."

"Oh." The blood drained from my face. "I didn't know."

"He's been dead for four years." He nodded. "They were teenagers. She has a hard time coping."

"She doesn't still drink does she?"

"No." He shook his head. "She never had another drop after Jim died."

"I didn't know." I said again, feeling my heart sinking. "I wish she'd said something, I..." My voice trailed off.

"It's better that you didn't know." He reached out and rubbed my shoulder. "She was able to be herself for the afternoon. She was able to forget. She was able to be a normal girl for a few hours."

"She's not normally like that?"

"She rarely speaks. It's still hard for her." He sighed. "We all become addicts for different reasons and we all cope with our addictions and actions differently. We all try the best we can. Unfortunately, sometimes it's not enough."

"At least you all have each other."

"Yeah, many times, those that aren't addicts don't understand." He smiled at me. "That's why it's so great that you're trying to figure out what your mom's going through."

"Yeah." I looked at the clock. "I should go." I stepped back. "Sorry, I have to go." I hurried to the door and ran down the hallway, needing to exit the building as soon as I could. I paused as I reached the door and I stood there for a second feeling sad as I thought about Caroline. I couldn't even imagine the pain she must live with every day. I'd die if anything ever happened to Clementine. And if I'd been the person to cause something bad happening to her? Well, I didn't know if I could live with myself. I felt sad as I thought about Caroline, but then realized just how strong she was. She was living with demons, but she'd stopped drinking. That had to be hard. I could only imagine how hard it was. And then I thought about my mom. She didn't have anyone. And I had been ready to give up on her. I understood now that giving up on her was giving up on us. I knew that I needed to see her again. I needed to get my answers from her. I had to go back home, but before I could do that, I needed to speak to Clementine. I needed her to know what was going on. I needed her to know that although I was the happiest I'd ever been in my life, I was also the saddest. I needed her to know, that even though there was an us, there no longer felt like there was a me. I was lost and while I knew my way to her heart, I didn't know my own way back home again. I knew who I was when I was with her, but when I was by myself, I had no idea who I really was. I needed to go back home. I needed to make things right with my mom. And I needed to find myself. As I realized what I needed to do, I felt my heart breaking. I had no idea how Clementine was going to take everything.

***

"Clementine, I wrote a poem for you. Yes, I, Rhett Madison love you Clementine O'Hara more than I've ever loved anyone before. And I wrote a poem for you." My voice caught as I stared into her sad eyes.

"I don't believe it." She smiled weakly. I could tell she was still upset that I'd come home so late. But she seemed to understand that after the call from the doctor about my mom that I'd needed to get out and get some fresh air.

"Believe it." I smiled at her beautiful face. "Clementine," I took a deep breath. "I have to go back to South Carolina."

"For how long?" She looked like she was fighting tears and I could feel a sharp pain in my chest. It almost felt like we were breaking up.

"I don't know." I took her hands into mine. "I need to work this stuff out with my mom, once and for all. I need to try and find a way to battle the pain I feel."

"She loves you, you know that right?"

"Honestly, no, no I don't know." I said sadly. "All my life, I've pushed my pain and rejection to the side. I've pretended it didn't matter, but it does matter. It matters a lot and it hurts. I feel like a part of me doesn't even exist. I feel like a part of me has always been lost. And the only reason all of me isn't lost is because of you. You're my map home. You're my compass. You're my everything. Without you, there would be absolutely nothing in my life worth living for. And that's powerful, Clementine. That's not healthy. I live to be with you. I live for you. I'm empty without you. And I can't be empty without you. I can't be empty because you need a man that is full. You need a man that can give you all those things you've always dreamed about. I was a boy, Clementine. But now, now I need to be a man."

"I don't want you to go." She bit her lower lip and I could see the tears in her eyes. "I don't want her to hurt you. She loves you, but I don't know if she'll ever be the person you need her to be, Rhett."

"That's okay. That's why I'm going. I need it to be okay. I need to be able to accept that." I sighed. "I need to do this for myself. I need to do this to try and get some closure. I need to make myself whole. I need to be the man you need me to be."

"I only want you Rhett. I'll take you however you are." She said quietly and I could see the tears flowing from her eyes. "I don't want to be without you."

"I have something to ask you, Clementine."

"What?" Her eyes searched mine and I took a deep breath.

"You've always been my best friend. You're the love of my life. I know things are different between us now and I know I'm not the most romantic of men. I want to make a promise to you, Clemmie. I want you to know that I'm yours forever, as long as you'll have me. I love you more than anything. I wrote this poem for you and I want to read it to you, but first I had a question."

"Yes." She said quietly.

"Clementine, I know it's too soon to ask you to marry me, but I want to make a promise to you. I want to promise you that I'll always be by your side. I want to be your husband Clemmie and I'd like you to promise me that one day you'll consider being my wife."

"I'd very much love to be your wife one day, Rhett." She smiled and gave me a quick kiss. "Even though this isn't a proposal, I'm still deeply touched." She gave me a wide smile as her eyes teased me and I chuckled. "And yes, yes, I'll be your wife." And then she started laughing. "Am I being too enthusiastic for a non-proposal?"

"You can never be too enthusiastic." I grinned, then gave her a quick kiss. "Now shh, let me tell you my poem before I get stage fright." I took a deep breath and then said the poem I remembered by heart. Her eyes gazed at me adoringly as I said the words from my heart and I knew in that moment that I was already a different man than I'd been just six months before. I was only at the beginning of my journey, but I knew in my gut that I was on the right path.

"There's not a day that goes by,

That I don't remember your eyes,

The first time you said you loved me

And the last time we said goodbye.

I love you more than the stars in the sky

I love you so much, I believe I can fly

You are the dot to my i

I am the apple in your pie.

I'm not a poet, like Frost or Cummings

I'm not a writer like Hemmingway or Poe

I can't build you a house with my bare hands

But I love you so much more than you know.

Each hair on your head is precious

Each breath that you take keeps me sane

Each part of me loves every part of you and I'll say it over and over again.

I love you, Clementine O'Hara.

You stole my heart and I never want it back

You are my reason for living.

You are the joy in my heart.

I promise you that I'll always love you.

I promise you that you'll always be mine.

I promise that with each step that we take.

I'll always be by your side.

We have an eternity to love each other.

We have a love that is pure

You are my soul mate, my better half and

Nobody could love you more."

"I love you, Clemmie. Thank you for agreeing to be my wife. Thank you for everything." I pulled her into my arms and I could feel her tears on my cheek as she cried. "Happy tears, right?"

"Of course, happy happy tears." She grabbed ahold of my face and kissed me hard. "Always happy tears with you, Rhett."

"And I'm not going to be gone for long." I promised as I kissed her. "This is just the start of a new journey in our life. This is just the start of our epic love story, you know that right?"

"No Rhett." She kissed my lips. "This isn't the start. This is just the end of part one and the beginning of part two."

"I like that." I kissed her back. "I like that a lot. This is the beginning of part two. And I promise you Clementine, that part two is going to blow your mind. Part two is going to be the most epic of love stories. Part two is going to make you love me more than you already do."

"I don't know if that's possible, Rhett. I already love you more than life itself." She stroked my face and played with my hair. "But I'm here for the ride, let's see what you got."

