1

Age Twelve

~ Rhea ~

"Mama, what's Tanner doin' over there?" I ask her as I point across the yard to Tanner who is standing right where our properties meet.

Mama lightly laughs, "I don't know, sweetie. Maybe he's lookin' for something to do."

I reach for my glass of sweet tea and take a sip before putting it back down on the ground next to the lounge chair I'm currently sitting on. I wipe the back of my hand across my forehead, wiping away the sweat that is pouring down my face. "It's hot."

Mama sits her book down on the chair where her legs just were then stands and reaches for the purple and blue inner tube that is sitting in the grass near the pool. She picks it up and throws it in the pool. Mama turns to me with a funny look on her face and walks over to where I'm sitting. "Whatcha doin'?" I ask as she reaches down and scoops me up in her arms. I start laughing and yelling, "Put me down." But she doesn't listen; she walks us over to the ledge of the pool and then drops me in the water.

I land perfectly in the tube. My butt hits the water first and I scream as the cold water seeps through my bathing suit and meets my burning skin.

"Mama!" I screech.

She laughs, "You said you were hot, Rhea."

In the corner of my eye I see movement and before I know what's happening I'm flipped out of the tube. I come up gasping for air and wiping the water from my eyes.

"Tanner!" I yell. "Why'd you do that?"

He runs a hand through his black hair and shrugs, "I was only doin' what any friend would do." He shrugs again. "I couldn't help it."

Tanner and I have been best friends since the day I was born. We really didn't have a choice in the matter; our parents are best friends. Tanner and I were born on the same day only three years apart. Our families, along with the Mitchell's, do everything together. Well, we used to until the Mitchells moved to New Jersey a few years ago. Most of our summers are spent at the Mitchell's beach house in Myrtle Beach; it's really the only time we get to see them now. I've always been the only girl in our little group but now that Knox and Tanner are getting older I have a feeling that's not always going to be the case anymore. At least I'll have Rex to myself for a little longer since he's a year younger than me and still in that awkward stage in life. Eleven is an awkward stage in everyone's life but never more awkward than for boys.

"You kids have fun. I'm fixin' to go in the house to get dinner started." Mama picks up her book and cup. "Be careful you two." She calls over her shoulder as she walks away. With Tanner being fifteen now she trusts him to look out for me and make sure I don't get hurt or into any trouble.

"We will." Tanner and I say at the same time.

I'm floating on my back letting the sun warm up my body. It's so peaceful and quiet out here. Some days I love it, others not so much. I get bored easily but thankfully Tanner's house is right next to ours. And if I'm bored, I'm always guaranteed an interesting day next door with him.

Watching the clouds above me I point to one. "It looks like a heart."

"Yeah, it does." Tanner responds from somewhere near.

Knowing Tanner is distracted by looking up at the sky I right myself in the water and splash him, hitting him right in the face. "Sorry, you looked hot." I giggle. Paybacks suck sometimes.

He wipes the water out of his eyes and smiles. Then a splashing war breaks out. Tanner picks me up and throws me into the air then slam down in the water. I come up for air and try with all my might to push his shoulders down to dunk him but it's no use; he's double my size. My hand reaches out to the side of the pool, "Alright, I win."

Tanner flashes me his smile, letting that right dimple show, "How do you figure?"

"Cause I said so." I splash him once more.

"Alright, Honey Bee, you win." I asked him one day why he called me that, his response was I was sweet like honey but stung like a bee. Tanner goes under the water and comes up a little further away. Tanner will tell me just about anything I want to hear and I'm not about to stop him now.

We're swimming around just relaxing without a care in the world on this hot summer day. "So, where's Susie at?" I ask Tanner.

He brought a girl over to his house last week and they came over for a swim while I was on the deck reading. As soon as Dad opens the pool for the year, normally sometime in May, Tanner and I always somehow manage to end up in the pool by the end of the day. After school we did our homework first and then went for a swim. So when he showed up with Susie, I was surprised and a little hurt. Susie giggled at everything Tanner said and was batting her eyelashes every time he looked her way. Tanner caught me one time sticking my finger in my mouth and making gagging noises. He laughed but Susie didn't find it very funny.

Tanner goes under the water for a minute and then comes back up on the other side of me. "I don't know."

"That's nice that you don't know where your girlfriend is." I turn my back to him so he doesn't see the smile that's playing on my lips.

Tanner grabs my arm, "She's not my girlfriend, Rhea."

I look down to where his hand is holding on to my arm. I get these butterflies in my stomach. It's been happening more and more lately. I don't know what it means but I can't help these feelings, all I know is that I like it. The older Tanner gets the more handsome he becomes. His dark hair is longer than it normally is; he has the longest eyelashes I've ever seen with the brightest green eyes. Now that he's playing football for the high school his body is getting muscular and I see all the girls noticing him, although Tanner doesn't act like he sees it. We used to be close in height but over the last few years he's grown a lot and now towers over me.

Rolling my eyes I say, "You could've fooled me, Tan. Why else was she over at your house, to play in the dirt with you?"

Tanner looks down to his hand that is still holding onto my arm. He lets go but comes closer to me. "She's just a friend who wanted to hang out."

I shrug and swim away. He really doesn't notice the way the girls act around him and I'm not the one who is going to point it out to him. I like that he doesn't see. I like that he still wants to hang out with me. I'll admit though, I'm worried that once he notices his fan club he'll forget all about me. I don't fool myself into thinking that that time isn't just around the corner though.

I start to climb up the ladder but Tanner grabs me by the waist and pulls me back in the water. I turn in his arms and go to push him away but he grabs my hand and holds it to his chest.

Tanner smirks and says, "When you gonna be my girl, Honey Bee?"

My cheeks instantly flush and my body starts to shake. If Tanner notices he doesn't say anything. "Stop messing around, Tanner." I push a little harder on his shoulder and he falls back, letting go of me.

Tanner starts laughing. "I'm gonna marry you someday, you wait and see."

I climb the ladder with the biggest smile on my face.

2

~ Age 15 ~

Tanner

School just let out a few weeks ago for Rhea and I and our parents decided to do a camping trip before our first annual trip to Myrtle Beach with the Mitchell's. We weren't going far, just twenty minutes away from our houses in Fayetteville, but it was enough to get us out of our neighborhood.

"Tanner," Mama called from the kitchen. "Can you please put this cooler in the RV for me?"

Grumbling, I pause my Xbox game and stomp off towards the kitchen. Rhea's dad, Eddie, was over helping my mom get things packed because Dad had to finish some last minute things in the office before we took off. My dad always had things to do at the office; I think he spent more time there than anywhere at all.

I pick up the red cooler and carry it out the back door and down the steps to the RV. I don't know why mama always insists on taking this damn thing anyway; we have a fridge in the camper. The door to the camper opens and Rhea's mom, Daisy, comes out.

"Morning, Tanner." She sings; way too chipper for this early in the morning.

"Morning," I mumble as I step up into the RV.

Daisy reaches up and ruffles my hair, "I'll be back in a few minutes, Tan."

I don't respond back as the door slams shut behind me. I take a few more steps and place the cooler on the table. I go to turn and leave but I hear music playing faintly from the back of the RV. I stalk towards the back to find out where the music is coming from. I see the tip of a black cowboy boot hanging out of the bottom bunk. As I move closer I see that Rhea is lying in bed, her long beautiful brown hair fanned out over the pillow. Her eyes are closed and she has headphones in so she has no idea I'm standing here checking her out. Over the last year Rhea has been filling out from her awkward skinny stage. It's probably wrong that I'm noticing these things about her but I can't seem to help it. Rhea's in a pair of short white shorts making her legs go on forever. The black tank top is hugging her upper body showing off the curves of her breast. She's sucking on what I assume is a lollipop from the stick sticking out between her lips. My dick starts to strain against my jeans. I need to sit down before things start to get weird between us. The only spot that's open is right next to her head. I turn quickly and adjust myself before sitting next to her.

Just as I'm sitting her eyes spring open and her hand holds her chest, "Tanner, you scared me."

I chuckle because she's yelling since she still has her earbuds in. I pull on the wire and they fall out. "Well, if you didn't have your music blasting you would have heard me come in."

Rhea rolls her eyes and scoots further into the bunk giving me more room to be comfortable and I kind of wish that she didn't because now I have a full view of her gorgeous face. Her bright blue eyes are my favorite thing about her.

Rhea takes the lollipop out of her mouth, "Are we fixin' to leave now?"

My eyes follow the pop as she places it back in her mouth and sucks on it, hollowing out her cheeks.

Cursing I look away and clear my throat. I need to get away from her but I can't right this second. "No, not yet. Mama had me take out the cooler." I say nodding towards the table.

Rhea is making sucking noises and I can't take it anymore. I reach over and grab the lollipop out of her mouth and put it in mine.

"Hey," Rhea pushes me. "I wasn't done with that."

I hang my legs over the side of the bunk and stand making sure to keep the front of me at an angle. "You are now."

"Jerk," Rhea yells as I walk away and go take another cold shower this morning.

After my second shower of the day we're all in the RV waiting on my dad to show up so we can head off to Lazy Acres Campground for the week. He should have been here a half hour ago but I knew it was going to be more like an hour.

Rhea is lying in the bunk below me and she's singing Born to Fly by Sara Evans. I could lay here and listen to her sweet voice sing all day. Countless times I have fallen asleep on the beach listening to her sing.

I roll over to my side, my front facing the side of the RV and my eyes grow heavy from the lack of sleep lately and also from being woken up at the ass crack of dawn, all the while Rhea's voice is lulling me into slumber.

"Tan, can we go into the house, please?" Rhea whines. "It's getting really dark and I don't like the storms."

I look over to Rex and Knox who are both sitting next to each other down a little ways from where Rhea and I are sitting. They don't seem too concerned with the storm but it is getting darker by the minute. From what I heard on the news when Knox's mom, Audrey, was listening to it, a hurricane was coming up the coast. Before we left the house to come down here she warned us to stay out of the ocean because the waves were too rough and the rip current was very strong. Audrey also gave us boys the lecture to watch out for Rhea. She really didn't need to do that because we've been doing it for years anyway but I guess she felt the need to.

"Knox!" I yell.

Knox and Rex both turn their heads in my direction. "I'm fixin' to head in with Rhea." Knox waves me off.

I stand up and shake the sand from my towel as does Rhea. This is the first time she has been to the house in Myrtle Beach by herself. She's always with her parents when they come for a visit. I overheard her mom tell Audrey she was a little worried leaving her by herself for the first time but Audrey assured her that being seven was old enough not to need her mama and daddy. She also promised everything would be fine and to go enjoy her alone time with her husband. Shortly after that she left, leaving Rhea here with the rest of us for a week.

The first rolls of thunder sounded and Rhea jumped ten feet off the ground.

"Hurry, Tan." She started running up towards the house and I followed after her.

By the time we reached the house the storm was just off the coast. The thunder was rolling in faster. The lightning was lighting up the dark sky and the first few cold rain drops started to fall. I looked over at Rhea and she was shaking like a scared cat. I knew she didn't like the storms but I'd never seen her like this.

After we dropped our sandy towels and flip flops off in the hallway just outside the laundry room I held out my hand for Rhea. She looked up to me with frightened, wide eyes before taking my hand.

"I'm afraid, Tanner." Rhea said with a shaky voice.

I brought her closer to me, "I'm here, Bee. Just like always, me and you against the world." I chuckle. I knew she needed the reassurance.

Rhea gave me a half smile. "Pillows."

I smiled, "Blankets."

Rhea pulled me down the hallway behind her, "Gummy bears."

"Movies."

This was our thing. When the storms back home would roll in we would bring all the pillows, blankets and junk food to the living room and we would watch a movie and blast the volume to drown out the passing storm.

Rhea and I took the stairs two at a time. First, we stopped in her room to grab her pillow and blanket from the bed and then we stopped in the room down the hall that I was staying in. When I reached my bed a loud crack of thunder and lightning hit at the same time causing Rhea to scream, drop her covers and practically jump in my arms. Summer beach storms always seemed worse than the ones back home and this just showed true.

I finally loosen Rhea's nails from my arm, "Come on, Honey Bee. Jump on my back."

Rhea didn't waste a second.

This was going to be a bit tricky with her on my back and now I was left to carry all our blankets and pillows downstairs without breaking my neck.

I reached down and grabbed Rhea's pillow, "Bee, can you hold this and still hold on to me?"

"Yeah," she held the pillow in her hands that were wrapped around my neck.

I grabbed her blanket, my blanket and pillow and turned to make my way back downstairs. When I got to the bottom of the stairs, out of breath and panting, Knox is leaning against the wall.

He cocks an eyebrow, "Whatcha doin?"

I roll my eyes; he's been giving me more and more shit about all the time I spend with Rhea. He forgets that we live right next to each other and our families do everything together so of course I'm going to have a close relationship with Rhea.

"What's it looking like?"

Audrey whizzed by and grabbed the blankets from me and the pillow from Rhea. She kisses her son on the cheek, "Grab bubba and get your blankets. We're making a blanket fort in the living room." Then she turns and walks down the hallway towards the living room.

Knox rolls his eyes.

"And don't roll your eyes at me either, young man."

Rhea starts to laugh and I can't help to laugh either. Knox huffs and yells for his brother as he stomps upstairs.

Audrey helped us build a fort out of all the pillows, blankets, couch cushions and anything else she could find to make the biggest fort I've ever seen.

When she was done she put her hands on her hips, "That's impressive."

"It's awesome." Rhea sang.

Rex was laying all the way in the front near the fireplace with a book and flashlight in his hand. Next to him Knox set up his stuff and then Rhea and I were next to him. Rhea insisted on sleeping near the exit since she didn't want to sleep in the middle of the boys and if she had to go to the bathroom she didn't want to have to climb over everyone. She was the only girl and no one argued with her.

Audrey sat and wrapped Rhea in her arms. "Are you gonna to be okay down here with the boys, sweetheart?"

Rhea leans her head on Audrey's shoulder, "Yes, ma'am."

"Y'all will come grab me if she gets scared?" Audrey asked us.

"Yes, ma'am." The three of us said in unison.

Audrey had somehow managed to get the TV under the blankets with us so she turned a movie on with the remote and turned it up pretty loud so Rhea didn't hear the storm.

"Goodnight, y'all."

"Goodnight." We all said.

A little while into the movie the storm was picking up and it could be heard over the movie. I looked over to Rhea and she had the blankets tucked up under her chin. I glanced over towards Knox and Rex who were both asleep before turning towards Rhea and slipping my hand under her blankets to grab her hand.

"Go to sleep, Honey Bee."

She gripped my hand tightly in hers, "Okay."

The thunder rattled the window and she jumped. Rhea moved a little closer to me. Before I fell asleep Rhea was snuggled up as close as she could get to me.

"Tanner," Rhea calls.

I groan and roll over, hitting my shoulder in the close confines of my bunk.

"Tanner, get up." Rhea nudges me in the back.

"No."

Rhea sighs, "Fine, I'm goin' to the pool by myself."

The thought of seeing her in a bathing suit has parts of me wide awake now. I roll in her direction, "You're not goin' to the pool by yourself."

Rhea raises her eyebrows, "And why's that?"

I throw my legs over the side of the bed and hop down. My thighs, stomach, and chest touch Rhea's body. All I have to do is bend my head down and my lips would meet hers. I've been fighting this kiss forever now and pretty soon I'm not going to be able to stop myself.

I wink, "Because I'm comin' with you."

Rhea shivers and goose bumps break out across her skin. "Come then."

I take a step back; my dick springs to life at the word come rolling off her tongue. She has no idea what she has been doing to me for years now. I'm afraid to tell her, afraid she's too young, too afraid to screw our friendship up because of my hormonal urges but things are changing whether I want them to or not.

Rhea laughs and walks away, "Let's go, Tan."

3

~ Age 16 ~

Rhea

Things are altering.

Time is passing.

People are changing.

My heart is breaking.

Families are falling apart.

Falling in love isn't all it's cracked up to be.

Friendships are diminishing.

Have you ever had that feeling deep in the pit of your stomach that something wasn't right? No matter what I did, no matter how I tried to distract myself from that feeling, nothing was working.

My friends were all starting to arrive for my sweet sixteen birthday party. Mama and Daddy decided to throw me a huge party. It was meant to be a surprise but in a heated argument they let it slip and ruined the surprise for me. The fighting between my parents was getting worse with each passing day. Daddy was working more and more and he hadn't come home yet after having left early this morning. Mama is distracted these days, barely functioning and not noticing what's going on around her. Tanner is being more distant than ever. He hardly ever talks to me anymore unless it is just the two of us. I sent him a text this morning wishing him a happy birthday and he has yet to answer his phone.

The doorbell rings again, "Sweetheart, can you grab the door?" Mama asks. I don't know why she couldn't do it; she was sitting on the step just staring into space.

My friends Sarah and Bella stand on the porch dressed up in pink and black dresses giggling and carrying on about Lord knows what. Those two are forever laughing and getting in trouble.

They squeal, "Happy birthday, Rhea!"

I hug the both of them before they enter the house. After they pass by me I take a step out onto the front porch and glance over towards Tanner's house. He's home. His bedroom light is on but yet he still hasn't answered my text.

I decide to try one more time before giving up.

Me 7:30 pm: I know you're home. Your light is on. Where are you? I need you. My birthday isn't the same without you.

I wait a few minutes, hoping and praying he answers. Giving up, knowing he isn't going to respond, I sigh and look once more before I head back inside to my party. Tanner has turned his light off. My heart cracks just a little more. Everything is falling apart it seems.

I open the door and Mama is standing there smiling. It's fake; she's putting on a show for the guests. "Sweetheart, you're daddy isn't gonna make it home for the party."

My shoulders sag in defeat, "Okay." I mean what else was I supposed to say? I'm not surprised by this. He's choosing work over his one and only daughter yet again.

For the rest of the night I avoid Mama. I don't want to see the pity in her eyes. I'm feeling no pain. Tommy snuck in alcohol and I've slowly been sipping on it all night. It's easing the pain in my chest; I don't care that my daddy isn't home, don't care what mama is doing and I've stopped checking my phone for a text that I know isn't coming.

Braydon wraps an arm around me and kisses me on the cheek. It's sloppy and wet and grosses me out. His breath smells like stale cigarettes and beer. "What's up, darlin'?"

I shake my head while holding my breath as he talks. The pungent aroma of his breath nauseates me.

"Whatcha say we go out back?" Braydon pulls me to his chest and wraps his other arm around me.

Braydon is cute but he's too touchy feely. He's always flirting with me and telling people we're dating but we aren't and never have, never will. We've kissed a few times but that's it. He's tried more but I've never let it progress past that. My heart tells me I'm holding out for one person; the very one I have repeatedly checked my phone for over and over tonight.

I take a step away from Braydon as he starts to sway, "No, Bray."

"Aw, come on, darlin'."

I shake my head, "Not happenin'."

I leave him standing there and make my way toward the kitchen needing some fresh air. Knox and Rex are there leaning against the kitchen counter, girls flanking both sides of them.

Rex sees me first. He comes over and hugs me. "Happy birthday, Rhea."

I kiss his cheek, "Thanks, Rex."

Knox wraps me in his arms next lifting me off the ground. "Happy birthday, Little One."

I giggle, "I'm not so little anymore, Knox."

He sets me back down, "You'll always be little to me, Rhea."

I take a bottle of water from the fridge, "Have y'all seen Tanner?"

Knox and Rex exchange a look and my stomach tightens. That look tells me they have, they know what's going on, and that he's not coming.

Rex speaks up first, "Yeah, we stopped there first."

"Mom's still over there talking to Emma." Knox explains.

I nod, "Is he coming over?" It's a stupid question to ask because I already know the answer.

Knox looks down to the floor, "I don't think so. He said it's not a smart thing to do."

My eyebrows furrow, "Whatcha mean?"

Rex looks up to the ceiling, "He was heading out somewhere and told us to just come over here."

I get the chills but yet my body feels heated. He's never skipped out on one of my parties when he's promised he'd be here. I shouldn't be surprised. Everyone is breaking promises that they are making me lately but somehow his hurts the worst though.

Knox bumps his shoulder into mine and says quietly, "He said to meet him at the spot at midnight."

I stare at Knox and c**k my head. "Our spot?"

Does he know something that I don't? Does he know how strained things are right now between Tanner and me? Does he feel the same shift that I'm feeling too?

"I know, Little One, more than you think I do."

"Know what, Knox?"

"Things are changing."

I close my eyes and take a deep breath. I've tried to be numb to the whole situation, block it out, but it looks like I can't do that for much longer.

"Everything is so messed up, Knox." I let a single tear fall. I feel a shift in my life but I'm not sure what's causing it. I've tried to ask Tanner but he says not to worry about anything. Everything has a way of working itself out.

Knox and Rex wrap me in their arms as I let the first round of many tears to come fall. I don't want to grow up; I want to stay oblivious to the world. I want to spend my summers running on the beach with the boys. I want the parents to call us for s'mores when they have the fire on the beach just perfect for us. I want all the laughs. I want my family and even my extended family happy again. But when things are so far gone, how do you right the wrongs?

The party wraps up around eleven-thirty that night; the only people still here are Knox and Rex. They are sitting on the couch in the living room, "Are y'all staying over?" I ask taking a seat next to Knox on the couch.

The boys, when they are in town, will either sleep in the spare room at my house or over at Tanner's. They've been doing this for years. I wish Audrey and Austin would just move back to Fayetteville with all of us.

"We're going to crash here." Knox says with a wink.

"We're," Rex coughs out the last word, "covering."

My eyebrows furrow in confusion and I mouth, "Covering?" I know I had a little to drink but I'm most certainly not drunk.

Mama saunters in, "What're y'all up to for the rest of the night? Are you boys staying here or Tanner's?"

"We're staying here, ma'am." Rex answers.

Knox kicks his shoes off, "We were thinking of watching a movie until we fall asleep."

Mama nods, "Okay, just remember to turn the TV off before you go to bed."

"We will." I answer.

Mama heads up the stairs to bed. I lean back to make sure she is far enough away before figuring out what the hell they are covering for.

"What're you two up to?"

Rex chuckles and Knox rolls his eyes. "Go upstairs, change out of that hideous dress and meet your boy toy at your spot."

I sit there for a second before snapping into motion.

"Oh," Knox calls out, "you're welcome."

"Um," I tuck a piece of hair behind my ear. "Thank you?"

Rex waves me off, "Yeah, yeah."

I've changed in five minutes flat and out the back door a minute later. I made sure to shut the spotlight off before running through the back yard; I don't need to wake Mama up.

I slip past the pool fence and I see a flicker of light.

"Tanner?"

He steps out of the shadows, the flicker from the light dancing across his handsome face. His jet black hair is sticking up everywhere; he's stressed, and it's obvious he has been running his hands through it all day. He's got scruff on his face that I love to run my hands over. But his eyes, his green eyes, hold a story that he's hiding from me. I know he's got a lot on his plate. His parents are fighting like mine. He's supposed to be leaving for college next month but he doesn't want to go. He's lucky though; his parents let him have a year off after he blew his knee out in the beginning of the year in a nasty sack that caused him to lose his scholarship to the University of North Carolina. Now he's going to take classes at the local college.

When I reach Tanner he pulls me to him, reaches down and picks me up. No words are spoken, just the release of the emotions we've both been carrying around with us for what seems like forever. I do the only thing my heart and my mind tells me to do. I wrap my legs around him and cup his face with all the tenderness and emotion that I'm feeling right now and kiss him on the lips.

Tanner pulls away, "I'm so sorry."

4

~ Age 19 ~

Tanner

"Shh," Rhea says as she runs her hands through my hair. I've been doing it all day after I caught my dad and Rhea's mama at the diner a few miles out of town.

I left early that morning to go pick up a glass blown flower for Rhea's birthday present. She's been collecting blown glass pieces for as long as I can remember. I found this one piece online and I knew I had to get it. It was four calla lilies with long stems that were formed into the shape of a heart. It was different, like nothing I've ever seen before and perfect for Rhea.

I called the store and they said they only had one left and they would hold it for me but I had to come that day, the day of the party, to get it or they would put it back on the shelf. I couldn't risk losing this gift for her sweet sixteen birthday, she's my everything and I want to give her a symbol of how much she means to me.

I got up, got ready and headed out for the hour drive but decided to stop for some breakfast about forty-five minutes out of town. I thought I recognized my daddy's truck but didn't put much thought into it because why would he be here if our house and his work were in the other direction. I walked into the diner and asked to be seated in a booth.

"Follow me right this way," the hostess said.

We walked past a couple of tables and I heard a laugh that sounded a lot like Daisy's, Rhea's mama, but again I pushed the thought away. I guess I was worried about Rhea's surprise being ruined and wasn't paying attention to the obvious happening right before my eyes.

The hostess stopped and placed the menu on the table. I sat down and picked up the menu.

"Your waitress will be right out." Then she turned on her heel and left.

I heard silverware clatter against a plate. I lowered my menu to see what happened and that's when I saw them. My daddy and Rhea's mama, sitting at the table having breakfast, and to make matters worse, they were sitting next to each other rather than across from one another. Obviously intentional based on their proximity to each other and the intimate glances they were sharing with one another.

After sitting there staring at them I slowly slid out of the booth. I needed someone to pinch me, tell me this isn't real. That I'm seeing things or that this isn't what it looks like. It can't be what it looks like, right? My mind is trying to convince me of the latter but I know in my heart that what I'm seeing is my new reality. I'm not even sure how I made my body move towards them but there was no avoiding this scenario.

"Son," Dad addressed me, obviously in a state of unaffected panic.

"Don't Son me." I seethed.

Daisy had her head down, not making eye contact at all and I swear I heard her whimper.

"Tanner," Dad tries again. "I can explain."

I laugh, "Yeah, I'm sure you can. Happy birthday, son, I'm f**king my best friend's wife."

"You will not speak like that to me." Dad said angrily.

Daisy is softly crying into her napkin; throw the book at her, she's guilty as charged.

At this point, the other patrons in the restaurant have stopped to watch the show that no amount of money can possibly buy. I don't even care, if they want a show, they're damn sure gonna get one.

"How's Eddie, Daisy?" I asked. "I heard he's been working a lot. I guess this would explain why that is right? Does he know?" I look at my dad. "Does Mom know? Is this why she's barely functioning, barely living?" I laugh once. "Oh wait, you wouldn't know that since you hardly come home." I shake my head. "Always working, you told me. I didn't realize that working on Project Daisy is what paid the bills."

My dad slammed his fist on the table, "Enough."

My head falls back and I laugh harder, "Enough? Oh no. I'm just getting started. Do you even fathom what each of your acts of selfishness has done and will do to both of our families? Do you f**king realize that you have now officially crossed the friend line and there's not a chance in hell you can ever go back? Do you?" I scream at them. I see the manager of the diner heading our way so I turn on my heel to leave.

"Tanner!" My dad yelled after me but I didn't bother to turn around.

I'm done with him, his bullshit, and his lectures. I'm just done.

I lay Rhea down on the blanket that I have spread out on the line of dogwood trees that separates our property. It's a secluded line of trees that divides the back of the property and blocks the view from the street. The fence around the swimming pool blocks the view to Rhea's house and a large pine tree blocks the view to my house. It's where we've shared so many of our firsts: our first kiss, our first make out session, the first time she's given me a blow job and the first time I've ate her out. God help me but I'm hoping that tonight's the first time we make love because I'm on the edge and it's a vast precipice that only Rhea can save me from at this point. This isn't something I'm going to share with her; it isn't something I could tell her on our birthday. So I need to lose myself in her, in us, knowing that we have tonight and I'll deal with all of the f**ked up bullshit later. And try to protect her from the inevitable fallout as much as possible.

I lose myself in the gorgeous girl next to me. Her hair is up in a messy bun, and she's dressed in a tight tank top and short gym shorts. I love that she knows that she doesn't have to dress up for me. I slide a hand under her tank top; her stomach is tight and so warm.

I kiss her neck, "I'm sorry I never showed."

Rhea sighs, "It's okay."

Lying on my side next to her, I push her tank top up just above her breast and kiss the left side of her ribs. I moan when I see that she has no bra on. Thank you, Jesus. "No, it's not okay."

I sit up and help Rhea up so that I can remove her tank top. Once it's over her head, I throw it somewhere behind me. My hands move to her amazing boobs of their own accord.

Rhea sits up on her knees between my legs and arches her back towards me. My mouth moves to the valley between her br**sts. I slowly circle her ni**les with the tip of my tongue. Rhea's body starts to tremble and she has a grip on my hair. I don't stay there long because I want my mouth lower, between her bare thighs, as she moans out my name while she comes because of what I can do to her. Watching her fall apart is the sexiest thing I've ever seen in my entire life.

I lay her back on the blanket and make my way over her ribs then venture down to her hip bone knowing the affect it will have on her. I bite at it teasingly as she squirms under my touch. I pull her shorts and panties off and toss them over my shoulder to join their companion tank top that was discarded first. I need her and only her in this moment. I made a promise with myself to wait until her sixteenth birthday before having sex with her. I've held out for this moment, with her, and every day for that last few years I thought I would cave. She hasn't made this easy for me either. She's begged, she's threatened to go get it elsewhere but I made love to her body with my hands and tongue and made her forget all about that. Nothing, and I mean nothing, will stop this from happening tonight, unless of course she stops us.

I kiss the inside of her thigh, and her legs clamp around my head. I glance up at her; she's glistening from the heat of the summer and from my touch. She's so perfect, so mine. Her cheeks are flushed, her lips are swollen, and she's panting.

This is a first for the both of us. I want to make this good for her now before the pain strikes. I want her to remember what I can do, how I know her body and what she wants and needs.

My fingers circle her opening first. Big mistake because I'm so f**king worked up with knowing what's about to happen that keeping this train moving slowly doesn't seem like it's going to be an option for me tonight. Must. Slow. Down. Rhea moans and her body starts shaking as I add a second finger, and swirl my tongue around her clit. Her back shoots up off the ground, her hands fisting in my hair. Nothing is said, no sounds are made except the moans of our combined pleasure. Her thighs are squeezing my head so I can't hear anything, but the grip on my hair gives me an indication that she is enjoying it.

She's close; I know she is. Rhea does this little thing where she starts to gasp like a little fish out of water right before she comes. She squeezes her eyes shut, her body freezes, she takes a final breath and shoots off into the night. It's so damn hot it has almost made me come my jeans just watching her fall apart in front of me. And, as I expected, the rocket has launched and she's now racing with the stars as she soars to the heavens with me between her thighs.

I slide my body up against her and wait for that lazy smile. "Good?"

She throws an arm over her eyes. "Yes..."

I hover over her, pressing my weight against her. She can feel how hard I am now but I don't move yet. I feel a little hesitation at first but it quickly fades away. This is it. There's no going back.

"Please." Rhea begs, her eyes fluttering open when I stop kissing her. "Don't stop, Tan. Not tonight." She takes a deep breath. "You made me this promise. Don't break this one."

I'm staring at her, watching that lazy smile fall from her face. "Never, baby."

Rhea smiles, her legs move and widen, bringing me flush against her center.

This is it; there is no turning back. I stand up and reach into my jeans for the condom I grabbed before coming down here. I toss it on the blanket beside her and remove my jeans. I kneel down between her open legs watching her, waiting to see if there is any doubt that surfaces. I see nothing. I tear the condom open with my teeth and roll it on. I slowly lower myself over her. The heat from her core is fire that's about to melt me just from sheer contact. If there's a God in heaven, please don't let her have second thoughts, not tonight, please not tonight.

"Are you sure?" I ask one last time knowing we can never come back from this.

She reaches up and cups my face, "More than sure."

I push forward as gently as I can; waiting on her reaction but there isn't one. She's so f**king tight I can barely move but I have to; I need to. When I pull out and push all the way in, that's when she tenses, her thighs squeezing my waist. "Ow." She mutters against my lips, whimpering out in pain. Her hands move to my shoulders, gripping them hard.

"I'm sorry, baby." I whisper against her lips. "I'm gonna stop." I start to pull out.

She shakes her head, her legs wrapping around my waist as if to keep me there. "No, just---" she takes a deep breath and moves just a fraction of an inch. "Give me a second."

Fuck, it feels so f**king tight I can barely breathe, hardly think about anything but wanting the sensation, the feeling of being inside her to never end. It's probably for the best that she doesn't want me to move just yet. The tightness that's surrounding me is about to cause me to blow my load before we can continue; I need a moment as well just to slow this train down, once again.

I pull back and give her a gentle smile. "You okay?" I'm not sure if I'm saying this to her, or myself.

"Yeah." She hikes her legs up higher and I sink in deeper. I'm about to lose it, right here, right now.

"Feels so good." I say against her lips, pulling out and pushing back in again. Each time I do this, her grip on me eases up and she begins to relax. I distract her and myself with my kisses. I keep my movements slow but it's not easy.

"I love you." I kiss the corner of her mouth. "So f**king much."

Rhea's breath hitches, "Oh, Tanner." She sniffles. "I love you too."

My lips move from her neck and find her lips. I can't take much more of this and I think she senses it too.

"I'm gonna come." I warn her.

I can't take it. With three quick movements, my body lets go and I groan against her lips, my body trembling with unquestionable pleasure. A pleasure that's so much more intense knowing this is another first, possibly the ultimate first, that this beautiful being has given to me.

I rest my forehead against hers trying to slow my breathing down. Rhea runs her fingernails up and down my back.

I slip out and pull Rhea into my arms. "Happy birthday, Rhea." I kiss the top of her head.

She rests her chin on my chest, "Happy birthday, Tanner."

Exactly two weeks after the best night of my life, the worst day of my life happens. I didn't want this to happen but I couldn't keep quiet any longer about my dad and Daisy.

My dad and I were at it again when my mama came home early from work the day before I was to leave for college and she overheard our fight.

"How could you f**king do this to her?" I slam my glass of water on the table as some spills over the side. "And with Daisy of all people? Do you feel better, Dad," I turn my back to him. "Knowing you not only ripped this family apart but you're about to rip your best friend's family apart too?"

"What I do is none of your business, Tanner, so keep your mouth shut." Dad slams the fridge door.

"Screwing Daisy in our house is my business, Dad." I yell.

There is a gasp behind me and then a thump. I turn to watch as Mama hits the floor in hysterics.

"See what you've done, Tanner." Dad yells as he rushes to Mama.

"No." She screams. "Stay the hell away from me."

I pull a kitchen chair out and sit down. I thought she had some kind of an idea that he was cheating, that something was wrong. My God, how can this situation get even more f**ked up?

"Darlin', I can explain." Dad tries to assure her.

Yeah, good luck with that, ass**le. Try to come up with a feasible explanation that will make all the sense in the world as to why you have been balls deep in your best friend's wife. I can't wait for this explanation. If he pulls this off, I've got to find out how to nominate this bastard for an Oscar, I'm thinking.

"Get out!" Mama yells. "Get out of my f**king house, Josh and don't ever come back again!"

"Darlin'" Dad tries again.

"Don't you f**king call me darlin' you son of a bitch. Get out now!" Mama screams.

Dad's head falls forward as he stalks off towards the front door. I can't even remotely feel anything for him. He caused this and he has to deal with the consequences, the fallout from his selfish choices.

I get up from the chair and walk over towards Mama who is still sobbing on the floor. I reach down and pick her up. "Come on, Mama. I'll help you get upstairs."

She cries harder as I cradle her frail body against my chest. "Oh, sweet boy, what am I gonna do?"

"Shh, we'll figure it out Mama. Don't worry about that right now." I push her bedroom door open with my foot. "Why don't you get changed and then we can talk."

She takes a shaky breath, "Okay."

My text message dings as I set Mama on her bed. "Come down when you're ready."

She crawls into the middle of the bed in a fetal position and cries. As I walk out I reach into my pocket for my phone.

Honey Bee 6:04 pm: What the hell is going on, Tan?

Me 6:08 pm: WW3 just started. Stay strong, baby. I love you.

Honey Bee 6:09 pm: I'm scared, Tanner.

Me 6:10 pm: Don't be. We'll figure it out.

Over the next week everything went to hell. Both sets of parents aren't talking to each other and they are forbidding Rhea and me to talk to or see each other. I have yet to let that happen and it will be a cold day in hell when I do. They are all so oblivious as to what's going on as they wallow in their misery that what Rhea and I do are the farthest things from their minds. How did this happen to our families?

5

~ Age 18 ~

Rhea

I roll over and kick the covers off. I know I should really get out of bed but I'm slightly hung over from another night of partying with Tanner and our friends. My room is bright, too bright to be morning still.

"Are you going to wake your ass up anytime soon?" Knox asks shoving me in the back.

I roll over and shield my eyes with my arm, "Why are you in my room so damn early?"

Knox chuckles, "It's not early, Little One."

I sit up on my elbows and glance over at Knox.

"You look hot." He says with a smirk.

"Shut up, ass**le."

"You got a little something on your neck." Knox points.

I wipe at my neck but I don't feel anything.

"What you got is not going to wipe off. If your daddy sees that he's going to beat your ass." Knox chuckles.

I climb out of bed and walk over to the mirror on my dresser. My hair is sticking up all over the place on the right side and it's matted on the left. My mascara is running down my face, and my lipstick is smeared all over my lips. I look like a hot mess. I take a look at my neck and I have to do a double take. I've got a hickey the size of Texas on my neck for all the world to see. And by all the world, I mean my daddy.

"Damn it, Tanner!" I say stomping my feet.

Knox lies back in my bed, "You better wear a turtle neck for the next week."

I turn and glare at Knox, "It's the middle of summer in North Carolina, Knox."

Knox rolls his eyes, "Thanks for reminding me where I am and what season it is, I'm just offering a little friendly advice is all."

I fling myself back on the bed and cuddle up next to Knox. "Please tell me you are taking me away with you this weekend. I have to give this hickey time to lighten and I need to be far away from inquiring minds."

He tucks a hand behind his head, "That's why I'm here. I need your help with a few things then I'm sending you and Tanner off to a hotel for the night."

I sit up, "What? Why? We have our own room at the house."

Knox smiles, "Relax, I'm asking Savanna to marry me this weekend and I need some help getting the house ready and shit. I thought since you were going to help me out that I would help you."

"You do help me all the time though. You don't need to send us to a hotel, Knox."

Ever since my parents divorced, Daddy refuses to let me see Tanner. I'm to have no parts of him in my life. He thinks that because Tanner's daddy cheated on his wife with my mama, that Tanner is going to do the same thing to me. Little does he know that Tanner would never do that to me. He's my soul mate. He's my everything. His official edict for us to stay apart hasn't happened yet and it's not about to happen anytime soon.

Tanner and I have been sneaking around for two years behind our parents' backs. Daddy kicked Mama out of the house shortly after he found out what she had done. Daddy forbids me to have any kind of relationship with Tanner, he even tried to stop me from seeing the Mitchell's, but Audrey refused to let that happen. After some persuasion from Audrey, Daddy finally gave in as long as Tanner wasn't staying at the house when I was down at the beach house. That wouldn't work and Daddy knew that but never said anything else about it again. I don't know what I would without Audrey.

Tanner's mama kicked his daddy out of the house the day she found out and never let him back in. The cops were called when he showed up to grab his things because Emma refused to let Josh in. Tanner doesn't talk much about what happened and that's okay. I don't like to talk about it much either. Close friendships were ruined and hearts were irreparably broken.

"I'm not taking no for an answer. I've already booked the room and as soon as your ass gets ready we'll head down and get things going." Knox smiles at me.

An hour later I was showered, packed and ready to go. Knox carried my suitcase downstairs while I was putting the last of my makeup on the ugly hickey that Tanner left. It wasn't really doing any good because that shit was purple and angry looking, and it seemed to be getting darker by the minute. I went into my walk-in closet and took a scarf out that went with my outfit. I quickly tied it around my neck and laid my hair over my shoulders covering it the best that I could. Yeah, I was a walking billboard for failed hickey undercover ops. I was so f**ked.

I grabbed my purse off the bed and headed downstairs. When I got to the bottom I heard Knox and daddy talking.

"Congratulations, young man." Daddy says.

I stand on the bottom of the stairs and eavesdrop for just a minute.

"Thank you, Sir." Knox responds back politely.

Daddy clears his throat and I heard the chair scratch across the floor. "Son, Tanner isn't goin' to be there this weekend is he?"

Leave it to Daddy to worry about Tanner.

"I'm not gonna to lie to you, Sir. He's going to be there but I did book him a hotel room so that he and Rhea are not staying under the same roof."

"Good, good. That Savanna is a lucky girl. I sure hope my Rhea finds a catch like you some day."

I shake my head in disgust.

Knox laughs, "Thanks, Sir. And I'm sure she will."

I walk into the kitchen with a hand on my hip, "You ready to go, it's getting late?"

Knox nods and a smile forms across his face. He looks at the scarf and then back to my eyes. If I could have flipped him off with my eyeballs I would have.

I walk over to Daddy and give him a kiss on the cheek. "Bye, Daddy."

"Rhea, it's a little hot out today to be wearing a scarf." Daddy says tugging at it.

I grip it tight in my hand so he doesn't pull the knot undone. "Oh Daddy, keep up with the styles will you. All the girls are wearing them."

I hear Knox laughing softly. He's so dead.

I grab Knox's arm and pinch underneath it making him growl at me. Good, serves him right.

When we get outside Knox yanks his elbow back rubbing the spot I just pinched, "That's going to bruise."

"Suck it up, Sally." I glare. "That's whatcha get for laughin' at me. I'll let you borrow my scarf when I'm done with it."

He smirks, "You do look ridiculous wearing that."

I untie it and throw it at him.

He full out laughs, grabbing his stomach, "No, wait," he throws the scarf at me. "You should put it back on."

I drop the stupid thing and stalk off towards his BMW. He unlocks it and I slide into the passenger seat.

Knox slides in and starts the car up still laughing.

"I hate you."

"No, you don't."

I scowl, "I do."

Knox shakes his head as he pulls out of the driveway and into Tanner's right next door. "You love me."

Sighing, "I do."

Tanner jogs out of the house, opens the back door, tosses his bag in then he climbs in next. He's groaning so I turn to see what's wrong.

"Baby, what's wrong with you?" Tanner's got a hat pulled low over his eyes, sunglasses on and dressed in black cargo shorts and a black tank top.

"Shh," he puts his hands over his ears. "Stop yelling."

I laugh, "Hangover from hell, huh?"

He moans and lays his head on his bag and that's when I get a glance at his neck.

I snort, "What in the hell is that?"

Tanner has bite marks all over his neck and one on his jaw.

"That would be considered 'marking your territory' from the vampire I'm dating."

Knox burst out laughing. I turn in my seat and pull my seat belt on. "Well, at least we know how to have a good time."

Tanner huffs, "Yeah, well I've got a lollipop stuck in my hair that I can't get out."

I whip my head back around and flip his hat off his head. Sure enough he has a red lollipop stuck to his hair. I try to pull on it and he slaps my hand away.

"I told you it's stuck."

I giggle, "I can see that."

Tanner lies back down and puts his hat over his face. I lean my seat back and get comfortable for our two-hour car ride to Myrtle Beach.

Knox is so in love with Savanna. It's the kind of love that you read about in fairytales. Knox met Savanna back home in New Jersey. They met his sophomore year in college. Savanna was tutoring for statistics and Knox was assigned to her. They went out once for dinner and spent almost every day after that together. Savanna is my favorite out of all the girls who Knox has dated over the years. She wasn't stuck up like a lot of the girls he dated were. She just fit in with our family. If I ever need to vent about the boys, I knew I could always count on her to listen.

About four months ago Savanna called me in the middle of the night crying. She took a pregnancy test and it came back positive and she was afraid to tell Knox. She thought he was going to hate her. After staying on the phone with her for hours I convinced her that he wouldn't hate her, that she should know him better than that. She told him the next morning and called me that afternoon to tell me that Knox was actually happy about it.

"You sure you know what you're doin'?" I ask Knox who is standing on a ladder hanging lights from the roof across the deck, making a million tiny stars in the night sky with the amount of lights he was stringing up. It was going to be breathtaking.

"Yes, hold the ladder, will you?"

Snickering I grab a hold of the ladder and start shaking it. Knox is afraid of heights, if you ask him he'll deny it, but it's true. It's the one chink in his cocky armor and I hold the power right now. I continue giggling like a school girl.

"Knock it off, ass**le." He seethes.

See I told you.

"Knox, this is absolutely beautiful but Savanna isn't gonna to care about the lights. Go get a bunch of candles, set them up all over your room, light them and get rose petals. Spread them all over the bed, get down on one knee ask her to marry you." I shake my head. "It's really simple."

Knox climbs down and takes his phone out of his pocket. He sighs as he types a message out on his cell phone. "They're on their way. Savanna said Dad is trying to pass some jerk who's drunk and shouldn't be driving."

Knox's parents are driving Savanna down since Knox refuses to let her make the trip herself and he wanted to have everything ready before she got here tonight.

"Well, let's get this show on the road then."

He throws his arm around my shoulder and runs his knuckles over my scalp. "That's what I like to hear."

I have to admit the house looks damn good. Knox set up everything perfectly. Candles and roses are in every room of the house. He cooked dinner and it's sitting in the oven keeping warm. He just got out of the shower and Tanner and I are waiting for him to run us over to the hotel for our "special night" as well.

Tanner wraps his arms around me from behind, "Maybe we can make a baby." He whispers in my ear.

I jab my elbows back hitting him in the sides, "Are you f**king crazy? Our parents would have heart attacks."

Tanner shrugs, "They'll deal and then we won't have to sneak around anymore at least."

I shake my head as I walk over to the bottom of the stairs, "Knox! Are you ready yet? Tan's trying to make you an uncle."

Knox comes down the stairs laughing and shaking his head, "Only Tanner would want to make a shitty situation worse."

"I heard that." Tanner yells from the kitchen.

"Let's go, lover boy." He yells back.

Knox drops us off at a hotel not far away, we could have walked really. I lean over and kiss him on the cheek, "Good luck. Call us tomorrow. Love you."

Knox kisses my cheek, "Thanks and love you too."

"Dude," Tanner shoves Knox's shoulder. "Keep your lips off my girl."

"Get out, jackass." Knox retorts.

Tanner laughs, "Good luck, man."

"Thanks."

Tanner and I check in, we get the key to our room and we take the elevator up to the top floor.

"You know," Tanner stands directly in front of me and tilts my head up to him, "I wasn't kidding about the babies. I want them. One day."

I stand up on my tip-toes, "In the meantime let's go have some fun. I think Knox pulled out all the stops for us tonight." I wink at him just as the doors open.

"Did you bring lollipops?" Tanner asks his voice husky.

I look behind me, smiling, "Of course."

"Damn, baby." He pants and practically runs to our room.

6

~ Age 21 ~

Tanner

Rhea is laying in the middle of the king size bed naked with only a sheet covering her ass and legs. She's sound asleep after the intense hour of love making that started the second I pushed the hotel door open.

I take a bottle of water from the fridge that Knox had stocked for us and took a seat out on the balcony. The breeze coming from the ocean is cooling off the hot summer day. The sun set hours ago casting a midnight sky and the moon to reflect brightly on the ocean, it's eerily quiet. The only sounds are coming from the waves crashing on the shore when normally hearing the ocean sounds plays along with all of the party-goers who consider this town Party Central. The solitude of being here with my girl completely sated in the room behind me affords me the luxury of just being happy, nothing else...no drama, nothing but me and her against the world.

Knox is probably leading a pregnant Savanna up to his room right now asking her to spend the rest of her life with him. Savanna is good for him, settled his wild days. Knox was like a firecracker just waiting to light. He didn't do things the normal way like picking up a girl from her house, meeting her family then taking her for a nice dinner and maybe dancing. No, Knox did things daringly. He'd pick up a girl later than he should, he'd take her to a friend's house and get her drunk, if he was lucky he'd get her to his bed and then drop her off in the middle of the night with a promise to call the next day knowing he never would. The girls love him though, draws a crowd where ever he goes. He's burned a few bridges over the years making it harder on himself then necessary as well as making things awkward for all of us, well, sometimes to our benefit though, when they'd ask why he never called.

Chuckling, I take a sip of my water as I recall one such particular instance when his latest f**k buddy showed up.

"Knox," Miranda says with venom dripping from her voice. "I thought you said you were goin' to call?"

"Sweetheart," Knox says. He calls all of his conquests sweetheart because he never remembers their names. "I went back home right after I dropped you off."

Our friends, Cade and Jeremy, from Myrtle Beach were all sitting around the bonfire with us. We all started snickering, even Rhea; Miranda can't be that dumb to think that Knox was actually going to call.

"Come on over here, sugar." Cade draws.

That jackass got more girls with those words then I've ever seen. Fucker has the moves and he lays it on them thick. And they flock around him like flies to horseshit. He turns that southern charm on at the drop of a hat and they literally melt like chocolate on a hot summer day right in front of his eyes. Some are born with that talent, with others it's acquired and perfected. I think Cade had achieved "Master Level" over the years and was now teaching others the ways of the ladies.

Miranda turns towards Cade with a cocked eye brow. "Whatcha say?" she says chomping on her gum and twirling her hair.

He winks, "Let's go take a walk."

Miranda nodded and bit on her bottom lip. Cade stood up and handed Knox his beer.

"I owe you one." Knox said under his breath.

"Nah," Cade said with a chuckle. "I got this."

And that was that, Cade swooped in and saved Knox's ass. If it wasn't Cade it was Jeremy doing it. It was their way of keeping the peace and getting something out of it for themselves too.

The door to the patio opened and Rhea steps out wrapped in the sheet from the bed. Her hair a wild mess, her cheeks flushed and her eyes wild with desire. Her lips are red, and swollen and she's sucking on a lollipop teasingly.

"You don't fight fair," I groan as I sit back in my chair and pat my lap.

Rhea saunters over as the wind picks up the sheet and exposes Rhea's bare thighs. She climbs on my lap and wraps herself around me.

I kiss the top of her head. She smells like Banana Boat suntan lotion, the smell I love on her skin. My kiss goes lower, to her cheek now and she sighs, melting into me. Then I kiss her neck and I can smell myself on her and it turns me on. I'm not too ashamed to admit that I want this smell on her always; I've marked my territory, pissed on the fire hydrant, whatever you want to call it, but she's mine.

"Babe," Rhea moans, her voice caught in her throat making it sound like a plea.

Moving away just slightly, she takes the lollipop out of her mouth and runs it over my lips. When she's satisfied with the results, she runs her tongue over my lips licking all the stickiness away. Holy. Fucking. Hell. That was hot.

I open my mouth slightly and when her tongue slips into my mouth I bite down on her sweet goodness. I suck on it for a second before letting it go. A stifled groan escaping my lips, "Don't tease me, Bee."

"Take me back inside." Rhea begs.

I lift Rhea off my lap and then place her on the chair I just got up from. Her eyebrows drawn in confusion, as I take the lollipop out of her mouth, "Do you trust me?"

She reaches up and cups my face, "You know I do."

Slipping my hand around Rhea's ankle I bring it to my mouth and place an open mouth kiss right on the top of her foot. Smiling, I put the lollipop in my mouth, circling it a few times with my tongue then place Rhea's foot up on my shoulder and take the lollipop and run it from her leg to that sweet spot as the sheet falls from her body. And this is where things get interesting.

She keeps her pu**y bare for me, has for a long time now. I run that lollipop over her clit a few times then bring it back to my mouth. "Mmm," I moan. "So f**king sweet."

"Fuck," Rhea pants, her eyes wide but hooded.

Yeah, we aren't going to last long at this rate. Just watching her reaction to what I'm doing has me ready to take her right here, right now, on this balcony for the world to see.

I remove the lollipop out of my mouth and run it back over Rhea's clit again adding a little pressure this time. Rhea's hips start to buck but I use my free hand to hold her down. I circle her opening and then push the pop inside. "You like that?" I ask, watching her reaction.

"Tanner," Rhea moans. "Please."

I don't even think she knows what she is saying please for. "Be patient, Bee."

My phone beeps with a text message from my shorts pocket but I ignore it to focus on Rhea.

I reach for Rhea's foot, the one laying on my shoulder, and place another kiss on her foot. Then slow, so slow, run my tongue up the inside of her leg tracing the sticky sweet of the lollipop.

Rhea's legs are shaking and her eyes are rolled in the back of her head. Staying in the chair I have her in is taking all of her willpower and strength. Damn she looks amazing spread out before me like this, under the moonlight where I can see the path that the lollipop and my tongue has taken lapping up its sweet remnants as I make my way to the ultimate sweet spot. I flick my tongue over her clit and she jumps like I've shocked her. I do it over and over again until she's screaming my name to stop. And even then, I don't stop right away. I can't. What I'm doing to her has me just as turned on, if not more, than I've ever been in my life with this woman.

She runs her hand through her hair, sweat pouring from her forehead. "Babe, if you don't f**k me soon I'm goin' go insane."

My phone beeps again.

"Shh," I pull on the lollipop slow and gentle. "I've got you." I pull on it again until it's almost out but then she grips it pulling it back in.

My phone rings, I reach into my pocket hitting any button I can to stop it not wanting to ruin the moment.

This time when I pull the lollipop out I pull it all the way out. Getting it about halfway to my mouth Rhea grabs my arm taking it out of my fingers and throws it over the railing.

I laugh lightly, standing and ready to take her to bed but she has other plans.

She pulls my gym shorts down and grips me tightly in her hands. She makes work of running her hand up and down my length and cupping my balls at the same time. She licks the tip and looks up with those blue eyes and bats her eye lashes.

"You've had your fun with that lollipop, babe, and now it's my turn with my lollipop." Rhea says so innocently.

Fuck me.

Every fantasy I've ever had of watching her suck on those goddamn lollipops over the years doesn't compare to this. She's literally twirling that magic tongue of hers around the tip, sucking, popping and deep throating me like it's the best flavor, the only flavor, she wants in this moment. I'm about to come with this vision alone, not even factoring in the sensations she's giving me.

She glances up at me like she's completely innocent here yet knowing what she's doing to me. "You done with the teasin'?" Rhea asks.

I can't even get the words out to form a sentence. I grip her arms and pull her up, her legs and arms wrapping around me. I turn so her back is leaning against the balcony. She's so wet. I shift my hips so I'm at her opening.

Rhea grips the hair on the back of my head, "Don't stop, Babe."

I pant, "Never." And then I'm pushing my way in.

"Yes, Tan, that's it, baby," Rhea moans in my ear.

I'm not going to last long, not when we're both this worked up. When I look down at her, she's breathless, her eyes squeezed shut and wanting, she's wanting so f**king bad. Wanting me so f**king bad and I'm giving her everything she wants and needs at this moment.

She's tight, and I have no idea how but it makes it that much harder for me not to lose my shit the instant I'm inside her.

I can see the ocean over her shoulder and I know she needs to see this. I pull out only long enough to turn her around so she's bending over the railing, and then I'm entering her again.

She says nothing audible, but moans the instant I'm inside her again. Rhea arches her back, her hair falling over her shoulders and against my chest, both her hands on the railing. My eyes fall to her hips, along with my hands as I frantically pump in and out of her wet pu**y. She's still so f**king tight, I'm ready to come already but I have to hold off, my girl's not there yet but you can bet that sweet ass I'll get her there, hopefully multiple times, before I'll allow myself to finish.

I don't notice at first but Rhea puts one hand between her legs and moans. Nothing is sexier than a woman getting herself off. Damn, she isn't going to make this easy on me, I can tell.

This sight does nothing for my control and I'm thrusting even harder knowing she's nearly there when I feel her muscles clench around my dick.

"Jesus, Bee, that's so f**king hot..." I moan in her ear, sucking and kissing down her neck until my teeth dig into the sensitive skin over her collarbone. That gets us both. I lean forward, trying like hell to last just a few more minutes, or f**k, even seconds when she starts to scream.

"Oh God!"

I'm done. I launch myself into my movements as her body goes slightly limp but curves to mine.

It feels like it's lasting forever, the pleasure coursing through me. Rhea seems to be the same as she leans back into my heaving chest wrapping her arms around my neck. Her lips are at my ear and I'm still shaking against her, barely able to stand when she says, "The perfect ending to a perfect day."

Fucking hell, my phone rings again, I reach for my shorts and pull it out. Knox.

"Hello?" I say out of breath.

"She's not answering her phone, none of them are." Knox tells me. I can hear the worry in his voice. "Savanna was texting me earlier, telling me what was going on. After about a half hour there was still no sign of the cops and my dad was getting impatient. She said that he was just going to speed past them and hope that whoever was driving didn't cause a serious accident."

"Whoa, slow down." I sit up so my back is leaning against the railing. "When did you last hear from her?"

Knox curses, "Hours ago. When she didn't answer my text after about an hour I called her, no answer. I called both of my parents. No one answered. Rex is at a graduation party and isn't answering his phone either. I'm heading home."

"What?" I shook my head. Rhea leans back and cocks her head. "You can't just drive home this late, Knox. What if all their phones died or somethin'?"

He laughs sarcastically, "You can't believe that bullshit."

"Just," I took a deep breath. My head still spinning from the off the wall sex with Rhea, "Wait a little while longer."

"And what if they're lying in a ditch somewhere?" Knox retorts. "I'm leaving. I'll come back and get you and Rhea. Have Jeremy or Cade drop you off back at the house in the morning."

My heart rate picks up; I can't let him drive alone like this. "Come get us, we'll leave now."

"No, just---" I hear the dinging in Knox's car as he opens the door. "I'll be back."

I toss my phone on the ground and pull Rhea in my arms. "What's goin' on?" Rhea asks.

"Savanna never showed. No one is answering their phones either." I say then kiss the side of her head. "There was a drunk driver they were following and cops never showed up to pull him over so his dad was just goin' to go around him. He's out of his mind with worry and is goin' to try to find them."

"Oh my God," Rhea whispers.

I hold on to Rhea afraid she'll disappear even though I know that's not possible. "Let's get inside."

Rhea nods and climbs off my lap and grabs the sheet to shield her naked body but holding one arm out for me to cover myself as well. We both slide into bed, holding each other close and praying that all is well.

Little did we know what had already been put in motion. It was something none of us would ever be able to come back from. My family, once again, was going to be pushed to the brink without any guarantee we'd make it back in one piece.

7

~ Age 18, hours after the accident ~

Rhea

The sky is splashed orange and pink, so alive and luminous, it's going to be a beautiful day but in reality it's an ugly, painful day. My best friend just lost everything in the blink of an eye. The sky should be grey and gloomy, not bright and cheery. I just can't breathe, haven't been able to get a breath and the weight on my chest feels like the equivalent of having an elephant sitting there.

Tanner got a call a few hours ago from Rex, sobbing into the phone, telling him that his parents and Savanna passed away. We're sitting in the airport waiting for our flight to board. An interminable wait only made worse by the fact that everyone around us is going about their lives with what seems not a care in the world. Damn you all, just damn you all to hell.

I've been bawling like a baby all night. My eyes are red, swollen and they burn. Tanner has barely said two words to me since hanging up with Rex. He just watches my every move.

Tanner had put the call on speaker phone when Rex started explaining, through his own choked sobs, what happened.

"Nothing could have ever prepared me for what I saw." Rex said through his tears.

"Savanna's face was unrecognizable. There were so many tubes and wires connected to her. When Knox stepped into the room, her father stood and placed a shaky hand on his shoulder. Savanna's mom walked out of the room and into my arms for support while her dad explained what happened."

"Savanna is brain dead and the baby passed away too." Rex sniffs. "Savanna's mom breaks down in my arms when she hears her husband repeat the words the doctor told them. She just kept saying 'no' over and over again. They kept her alive until Knox was able to get there so that he could say goodbye."

My hand covered my mouth; a waterfall of tears forming and falling. This is like a horror story no one should ever have to live through.

"Mom and dad died on impact." Rex sobs. "Quick and painless, right?"

"I'm so sorry, Rex." I cried.

Rex sniffs, "Can you guys get a ride up here? Knox and I are going to need you."

Tanner wipes his eyes with the back of his hands, "Of course, we'll get the first flights out."

"Thanks, man."

When our plane lands at LaGuardia Airport in New York we get a taxi to Mitchell Enterprises where Knox and Rex are waiting for us.

We take the elevator up to the top floor and the door is jarred open. It's quiet and I'm not even sure anyone is here.

"Hello?" Tanner calls out.

"In here." Rex answers.

We drop our bags by the door and walk down the hall to the only door that's opened. Rex is sitting on a sofa that is positioned against the far wall. Knox is sitting in an executive chair staring out the window. He hasn't even acknowledged that we're here.

I walk over to Rex and he stands and wraps his arms around me. "I'm so sorry, Rex." I cry. "I loved them like my own parents."

He doesn't respond and I can tell from his stiff posture that he's holding back, trying to be strong. Finally letting go I sit down on the sofa and Tanner hugs Rex.

Rex looks over at Knox and shakes his head, "I'm going to go grab some lunch for all of you.. I'll be back shortly."

Tanner and I nod.

We all sit in quiet for a while, lost in our own thoughts. Your whole world can change in a blink of an eye. You don't ever think about death until someone you know dies. You get caught up from one day to the next and before you know it years have passed. But suddenly when your world falls out from underneath you, you stop and think back about all the past times whether they are good or bad. You forget that you should live like it's your last day on Earth. And dealing with the emotional fallout when not one, but four people, one of which was an unborn baby, is almost too much to bear for all of us. I cannot fathom the emotional wreckage that this accident has caused and the amount of time it will require to heal from it.

"Savanna was twenty weeks pregnant." Knox speaks, almost a whisper, for the first time since we arrived. "We had an ultrasound appointment set up to find out the sex of the baby at the end of the week. We talked for hours about whether or not we wanted to know what we were having." Knox's eyes glaze over. "I secretly wanted a boy but I never told her that because she wanted a girl."

He's quiet for a while again. Tanner reaches for my hand and links our fingers together.

"The baby had just started moving a few weeks ago and anytime that I put my hand on Savanna's stomach I was hoping the baby would move or kick but nothing happened." Knox shakes his head. "I felt nothing last night when I put my hand on her stomach. I waited and willed our precious baby to move. Just a little flick, nudge, something, but I got nothing."

How does anyone ever recover from something like this? He lost four of the most important people in his life.

"I told our baby how much I loved both of them and that I was sorry I'd never been able to meet him or her, but at least they would get a chance to know their mother and to watch out for each other up in heaven." The intensity of what he's saying has become too much for him. The cracks in his resolve that he's been barely holding together finally gives way. The floodgates open and he loses all sense of self right in front of us.

I lost it, I tried being strong for Knox but that broke me. Life isn't fair. Tanner pulled me to him and I buried my face in his chest soaking his shirt with my tears.

He continues, how he's speaking through his grief I have no idea. "I kissed her stomach and pulled the covers back up. Then I kissed Savanna on the lips and told her all my plans that I had for the night and how I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her. I even took the engagement ring that I bought her and placed it on her finger. I dropped to one knee and proposed to her right there in the hospital. I knew I would never get an answer but I was ok with that. It was something I needed to do for myself. I know she would have said yes, I just know it." Knox's breathing gets harder and his voice shakes. "I kissed her once more before telling her I loved her for the last and final time. I walked out of the hospital and went home."

His composure returns, albeit briefly, and he gets quiet again, lost in thought. Tanner runs his hand through my hair.

"I couldn't be there when they pulled the plug on my girlfriend and unborn child. It just seemed cruel in my eyes even though I knew it is what they had to do. When I got home I took a shower and sat in the chair in my bedroom trying to figure out what the hell I was going to do with my life now that everything was gone. The only thing right this second that is keeping me going is Rex. I have to be strong for him. We don't have anyone else."

"You have us, Knox." Tanner tells him. "You'll always have us. Anything you need you let us know. You know we have always stuck together. Nothing will ever change that."

Knox nods and stares back at the window. We sat there for hours. Rex never came back with lunch, not that I was very hungry anyway but I'm worried about him.

The sun had long set hours ago before Knox spoke again.

"Tanner," Tanner glanced over at Knox. "I'm going to need your help with Club Mango. I can't go there and I don't trust anyone else to run it." Club Mango was Savanna's club. She started it from the ground up, named it and helped Knox's parents with it from day one.

Tanner didn't hesitate with his response, "Done."

"Is that going to cause a problem with you and Rhea?" Knox looks between the two of us.

Managing Club Mango would mean that Tanner would have to move to South Carolina, two hours away.

Tanner stares at me, his wheels are spinning. "No." He answers Knox. "You're eighteen, you can move out. There isn't anything your father can do or say to stop this."

I manage to muster up a small smile, he's right. "Not a damn thing."

"Find a place to live, close to the club and get me the information. I'll get everything set up." Knox tells us.

"You don't have to do that." Tanner argues.

"Yes, I do."

"Knox," I warn.

"Just let me do things my way. Just...I have to do this. It's the way it has to be, the only way." Knox scrubs his face with his hands. "Let's go find Rex."

Three days later, Audrey and Austin Mitchell were laid to rest; two days after that Savanna and Knox's unborn baby were buried. There's always this surreal feeling enveloping everyone that seems to fall like a suffocating blanket over people when a tragedy like this happens. Once loved ones are buried though it's almost like the blanket lifts and we are faced with the reality of this "new normal," being forced to live our lives differently without each of them in it. There's no step-by-step guidebook that tells you how to do that though.

I want instructions, I want to read words that will help me show others how to cope and move on but I can barely cope myself. Have you ever read something and just the intensity of a few words gave you tingles? I once read a phrase that actually made my heart skip a beat, although for different reasons at the time. It said "One breath, one step, one day at a time..." Little did I know how appropriate this phrase was going to be for all of us as we dealt with this unimaginable loss and went on with our lives like nothing had changed when, in fact, everything had.

8

~ Age 23 ~

Rhea

Life seems to be slowly getting back to normal. Since Tanner and I have moved to Myrtle Beach to take over running Club Mango things are running smooth compared to some of the bumps in the road we had in the beginning.

I haven't seen or heard from Daddy in five years. When Tanner and I went home a few weeks after Savanna's death we told Daddy that we were moving to help Knox. Daddy tried to bribe me into staying with him. Told me he'd pay my way through school, he'd buy me any car I wanted and offered to help me buy a house after graduating. Only problem with that was it didn't include letting Tanner be a part of my life. When I told him if Tanner couldn't be a part of that with me then I didn't want anything from him. He flipped the f**k out and cut me out of his life. He told me I was just like my mother. It took everything I had to stop Tanner from punching him in the face that night. It was a f**king disaster.

It took Knox and Rex a long time to come down and visit us after losing Savanna and their parents; it was hard on them. It was hard on all of us really. Audrey and Austin were just those cool parents that you wished were really yours. Audrey was a better mama to me then my real mama was at times. When I first got my period it was Audrey who took me to the store and explained how things worked. My mama always seemed to have more important things going on in life. The summer following their death, Cade and Jeremy couldn't take it anymore and more or less continued on with life as if Knox's parents just weren't come down during that summer, like something came up that they couldn't get out of. Every weekend Cade and Jeremy would force Tanner and me to go over to the Mitchell's beach house and have a BBQ like old time sakes. I loved them a little more for doing that, for keeping the memories alive. Audrey and Austin would want that.

Knox called me the week of July fourth five years after the passing of his parents throwing me off guard a little. When he does call he's normally calling for Tanner and then I'll get to talk to him for a little bit after that.

"I'm coming for the weekend." He rushes outs.

"You're what?" I say choking on the sweet tea I just took a drink of.

Knox chuckles, "I'm coming down and I'm bringing some people with me."

I took the phone away from my ear and stared at it for a long minute. "You're coming here without us begging you?"

Knox sighs, "Yeah."

I shake my head, "Hmm."

"Hmm, what?"

"Did you hit your head?" I joke.

"Ha. Ha. Stop being a brat and make sure the house is clean please. I know Cade and Jeremy have been using the house like a bachelor pad." He's right, they have been.

"Hmm."

Knox groans, "What?"

"If by people, do you mean a girl?" I had to know, this was huge.

"What?" He's avoiding the question by acting as if he couldn't hear me the first time.

"You heard me Knox." I huff. "I take it you like her too." It has to be a girl. It's the only thing that makes logical scene.

"How do you know I'm bringing a girl?" He questions.

Now it's my turn to sigh, "I'm not a dummy."

"I beg to differ."

"Jerk."

"You know it."

"Oh my God, are you bringing more than one girl? Please tell me you haven't become another Cade and Jeremy?" I stammer thinking that he said he's bringing "people" with him and that means more than one girl.

"Have you lost your mind? She has a friend she's bringing with her." He clarifies, as a breath of relief escapes me. "Rex is actually good friends with the both of them." Ah, now that helps explain things a little better. The little brother is trying to hook the big brother up. How cute.

"When are you coming?"

"Friday some time."

"Okay."

"That's it? No twenty questions?"

I ponder that for a second, "Nope, not right now at least."

"Love you, Little One."

"Love you too."

"Talk to you later."

"Hey, Knox?"

"Yeah," he hesitates.

"I'm glad you found someone." I hang up before he can respond because he'll just deny it.

I left Tanner to take care of things at the club on Thursday while I ran around and got the house ready and bought some food for the weekend. For some reason I was nervous about their visit and that was just silly. It was almost as if I was the mom meeting my son's girlfriend for the first time. What the hell has gotten into me?

Come Friday morning I'm a bundle of nerves and excited at the same time. Tanner decides he's going to try and help me relax by taking me out to the beach for the day until they arrive. Only problem is we fell asleep and my little Irish ass is now burnt to a crisp.

Tanner and I step out of the shower and he helps rub aloe over my whole body. "Damn it, Tanner, that shit is freezing."

He rolls his eyes, "I don't want to hear it, and I told you to put sunscreen on."

I grab the bottle out of his hand, "I'll do it." I squeeze some into my hand and start with my legs cringing as the cold aloe hits my flaming skin. "Do you think they're here yet?

Tanner sits on the bed and ties his sneakers, "Probably."

I quickly finish up, get dressed, put a little make-up on and we make our way downstairs. A super cute, short girl is walking up the stairs looking completely uncomfortable. She has beautiful chocolate hair, bright green eyes and her olive skin complexion is sheer perfection and everything I wish for with my own pasty, yet now the color of a lobster skin. I should despise her from looks alone, but I can't. I'm sure she doesn't ever have to worry about frying in the sun.

"Hi," Tanner and I say at the same time.

"Hey," she says with a smile continuing upstairs.

As soon as my feet hit the bottom step I run full force into Knox's open arms. "Oh my Lord, I've missed you!" This hug can't be close enough or tight enough when it comes to Knox right now. In this moment, this one defining moment of having him here with us, in this place, I start to see the vague shadow of lights forming at the end of this very long tunnel, a way out, not for just me but for all of us. A sense of normalcy that none of us have had in a very long time. A tear escapes out of the corners of my eyes as I try to contain the overwhelming emotions that are just begging to be set free.

He laughs, "I missed you too, Little One."

"Get your hands off my girl." Tanner says with a smile on his face.

They clap each other on the back, "Nice to see you back in town."

Knox shrugs, "I thought it was about time."

My stomach growls and they both laugh at me. "What? I'm starving."

Knox nods and rubs his stomach, "Let me go settle things upstairs and then I'll cook everyone dinner."

I hug Tanner's arm, "Sounds good."

Knox turns to leave the kitchen but stops and turns around, "Have you seen Jasmine yet?"

I look up to Tanner and then over to Knox, "Yeah. She's beautiful, Knox."

"She's the devil." He says with a chuckle.

I laugh, "You wouldn't have it any other way."

He nods, "You're right."

The rest of the night goes on and Knox officially introduces Jasmine to Tanner and me. I can see why she caught Knox's eye. She a sassy, no nonsense kind of girl and exactly what Knox needs in his life. I see how different Knox is with Jasmine. My heart swells for him, he deserves to be happy after everything he's lost.

Saturday night rolls around and we all decide to go to Club Mango. I was a little worried at first since Knox has only been there a handful of times over the last five years but he said he was fine and he wanted to do this.

The guys are all piled in the living room watching TV while waiting for the pizza to arrive. Jasmine, Summer and I are up in my room rooting through my closet trying to find something for Jasmine to wear out tonight since she didn't pack any clothes to go to a club.

After trying on a few dresses, Jasmine decides on a silver one with a plunging neckline and a back scoop that ends just above her ass. I lent her a pair of black stilettos. Damn, she looks better in this dress than I do when I'm wearing it.

Summer comes out from the bathroom wearing a short, shimmery blue, one shoulder dress that hugs all her curves. She is sure to turn a few heads tonight. She pairs the dress with silver heels and piles her hair high on top of her head in a tight bun.

"Look okay?" Summer asks Jasmine.

"Yup, Rex is going to have to fend the guys off." She says with a smile. I've gathered from last night that Rex and Summer are a couple. "He's going to have to keep you on a tight leash tonight."

Huffing and puffing, I'm looking in my closet for something equally as drop dead gorgeous.

"Everything ok?" Jasmine asks.

"Yeah, yeah, just can't decide on what to wear." I yell back from way in the back of the closet.

I hold a dress up to me.

Jasmine peeks her head in my closet, "That's the dress."

I turn sideways in the mirror, "You think so? White doesn't make me look too fat?"

Jasmine rolls her eyes at me, "You, fat? Trust me, Tanner's not going to be able to keep his hands off you tonight."

The dress is white with a scoop neckline. One shoulder is cutoff while the other is a full see-through sleeve. There are black lace trim strips that wrap around the dress and it's tight fitted and stops about mid-thigh.

Jasmine bends down and picks up a pair of white heels and hands them to me, "Wear those and it's stunning."

I don't waste any time stripping off my t-shirt and shorts and then slide the dress on. I slip my tiny feet into the heels and do a full turn in the mirror. "Hair up or down?"

Jasmine shakes her head, "That's Summer's department," she laughs and turns to Summer, "Hair up or down?"

Summer leans against the doorway to my closet, "Definitely down but with big waves."

I nod and kick stuff out of my way to get out of the closet that I buried myself in. When I make it out, Summer takes a seat at the vanity and turns on the curling iron.

"What's the matter, Jas?" I ask while looking at her through the mirror.

Jasmine sits on the end of my bed and looks down to make sure her girls are still covered. I reach into a drawer in my vanity and throw her some tape. "Thanks," she says. "I don't want to sound like I'm prying or anything but how often are you and Tanner here? I got the impression that it was only used for a shore house."

I pick up a hairbrush and start brushing the knots from my hair. "We used to be here all the time but not so much in the last few years. We haven't really taken all our things home with us because we're hoping things will go back to normal eventually." I stop brushing my hair and look down at the brush in my hands. "This house holds a lot of memories for all of us." Just thinking about it brings tears to my eyes.

I look back down to my hands, "When she left, all of the memories that were spread throughout the house did too, even the ones of his parents."

"Who is she?" Jasmine asks.

My eyes fill with unshed tears, "You'll have to ask Knox. It's not my story to tell."

Summer clears her throat loudly. "Let's get your hair up, Jas, and then I'll help Rhea real quick and we'll be on our way." Summer says, steering the conversation in a different direction.

As Summer finishes up with my hair, Tanner pops in, his eyes go wide at the site of me. I glance over at Jasmine and she gives me a 'told you so' smile.

Tanner stalks right over to me and kisses me until we're both breathless. "Cabs will be here in like twenty minutes." He whispers against my lips.

"K, Sugar Lips," I coo as I reach up and wipe my lipstick from Tanner's mouth.

"You guys are so cute." Summer says as she applies some lip gloss to her lips.

I wink in Tanner's direction. Then quickly glance at Summer, "Thanks."

Summer and I come down and we are both yanked into our men's hands.

Jasmine asks Jeremy and Cade, "So who's going with who?"

Cade answers, "Those four can go together and me, you, Jeremy and Knox will go in the other cab."

I turn in Tanner's arm and he kisses my neck and my need for him grows. Jasmine looks over Jeremy's shoulder down the hallway, I guess she's looking for Knox, but he's nowhere to be found. "Where's Knox?"

Jeremy shrugs and says, "He's in his room still, I think."

Rex speaks up beside me, "No, he's not but I know where he is."

Rex takes the stairs two at a time and disappears upstairs while Tanner ushers us outside. Summer and I go over to the one cab and the driver opens the door for us, we both slide in the back. Cade, Jeremy and Jasmine walk over to the other one and the driver opens the door for them too. Cade jumps into the front while Jeremy and Jasmine slide into the back. A few minutes later Rex and Knox walk out from the house, Knox stops to shut and lock the door while Rex climbs into our cab.

"He alright?" I ask Rex.

He shrugs, "I never know these days with him."

A short time later we pull up beside Club Mango and the line wraps around the corner. "Damn," Rex whistles, "Business is doing well, huh?"

I exchange a knowing glance with Tanner, "It's doin' well." The club is bringing in more money than we were ever expecting it to. And, of course, being summer time helps a lot too.

Summer runs over to Jasmine and throws her arms around her. "Twenty minutes and then I'm getting your ass on the dance floor, girl." She says excitedly.

Knox walks over to Dylan the body guard, they shake hands and Dylan opens the side door for Knox to enter. Knox looks back over his shoulder and nods his head for us to follow. He holds the door for all of us to walk in.

Tanner and I have redesigned Club Mango just a little bit in the last year. The second floor has about six, twelve by twelve rooms, three on each side of the club. There is a huge red U-shaped couch with a black leather square table placed in the middle. The lighting is set low, giving the floor a light sparkled look. Each room is set up the same way but just a different color. The center of the second floor overlooks the dance floor below. There is a bar along the full wall that only has a few people sitting around it. I walk over and glance over the railing to all the people dancing to the music. The DJ is set up on a stage right along the back wall. All of his equipment is spread out in front him and he's bobbing his head to the beat.

"Jas!" Summer yells over the music.

She turns in her direction and holds up a shot for Jasmine. She walks over to where our group is holding up their glasses.

"A toast," Jeremy says and holds his shot glass up. "To good friends, good music and good f**king sex tonight."

I roll my eyes as Cade throws his head back and howls. Knox, Rex and Tanner shake their heads laughing. We all tip glasses and take our shots. The tequila burns as it makes it way down to sit in my stomach and warm me.

After a few more rounds of drinks, the effects of the alcohol kick in for everyone. Jasmine grabs Summer and me and drags us down to the floor below. Timber by Pitbull and Ke$ha starts blasting from the speakers. Summer, Jasmine and I hit the dance floor and our bodies start swaying to the beat as we sing at the top of our lungs. I grab Jasmine's hand, wink at her and lip sync "Let's make a night you won't remember," then she spins and grabs Summer and sings to her, "I'll be the one you won't forget." These girls are a lot of fun to hang out with and fit in perfectly with our group.

We've been at it for a while before the boys come down. Rex, followed by Jeremy, Cade and Tanner, make their way over to us. Rex goes to Summer and Tanner comes to me. Cade and Jeremy close in on Jasmine and I look around for Knox wondering where he is. Gas Pedal by Sage The Gemini comes on. Cade steps up behind Jasmine and places a hand on her hip and Jeremy steps in close to the front of her. Jasmine is sandwiched between Cade and Jeremy and they start rocking their hips.

"This isn't gonna end well." Tanner shakes his head.

I glance up and see Knox taking a pull from his beer staring at them. "I don't know, babe, they might be on to something here."

Tanner spins me in his arms, "I might be on to something too."

Forgetting the scene unfolding in front of me, I focus on the man who has me wrapped in his arms. He's my center, my universe, my everything. Looking at him now I take a moment to reflect on the fact that life is so fleeting, time is passing us by every second of the day. And I won't take this moment with Tanner for granted. With all of the tragedy we've had over the past five years, I don't hesitate to lean in and give Tanner the most sensual of kisses while swaying my body up against his. Right now we are two people in a club surrounded by hundreds yet we connect as if we are the only ones left on the planet. I pray that Tanner is "on to something too" as we continue our dance.

And he was, all night long. It was like a marathon with no finish line. Just two people helplessly in love running towards feelings, living in the moment, enjoying what we both have to offer each other and reveling in the fact that things seem to be returning to normal.

9

~ Age 27~

Tanner

We just got home from the Bahamas where Knox and Jasmine had a small wedding. It was beautiful and very low key. Just our little family, Knox and Jasmine, Rex and Summer, Jeremy and little Ava, Cade and Rhea and I. No one else needed to be there.

Rhea thought for sure that Knox screwed everything up. Rex and Knox were at each other's throats and everyone assumed it was because of Jasmine. Summer and Rex even broke up over whatever was going on with them.

So one night after a killer steak dinner that Rhea made, Rex calls me. "Hey, man."

Rex is breathing heavy, "I can't reason with her, Tan. Why is she doing this?" Maybe Jasmine wasn't the only problem.

I step out onto the deck, "Doin' what?"

Rex growls, "Never mind, I don't need another war to battle."

"You need to get the hell out of there for a few days." Rhea steps out onto the deck and climbs into my lap. "You can come crash at our apartment for a few nights. I'm taking Rhea out of town this weekend."

Rhea lifts her head from my chest and cocks her head. "Huh?"

I place a finger over her lips.

"Nah, I need to stay here and keep talking sense into her."

"Alright, well, if you change your mind you know where the key is."

Rex and I say goodbye and I hang up. Before I can even explain Rhea is questioning me. "Where are we goin'?"

"Away."

"Babe."

"Honey Bee," I smirk.

"Stop that." She squirms in my lap. "Tell me where we are going. I hate surprises." She whines.

"I'm not telling you but make sure you have a bag packed and are ready to go. We leave tomorrow afternoon."

Rhea rests her head back on my shoulder, "You're not goin' to tell me?"

"Nope."

"Good talk." She says sarcastically.

"We're not talking."

I can picture her rolling her eyes, "No shit."

Friday right after dinner we are on our way back to North Carolina, to my mama's house exactly. She has no idea what's coming and that's exactly how I want it.

"Are we there yet?" She says chomping on her gum like a cow.

"Are you done chewing like that?"

Her head snaps in my direction, "Nope."

"Then there is your answer."

Rhea rolls the window down and spits her gum out. "There, gum is gone. Now are we almost there?"

"About a half hour away."

Not telling her anything is really working out for me and keeping her distracted from the real reason we're going to my mom's house.

She crosses her arms and sits back in her seat pouting. "This isn't right."

"It will be."

Rhea rolls her eyes and looks out the window. She has to know where we are going but she probably doesn't believe it. She hasn't talked to or seen her daddy in years and wants nothing to do with him or her mom.

Her daddy isn't going to be around this weekend according to mama. He's going on some kind of fishing trip or something in Cape Hatteras. Mama isn't going to be around either; she's going with a few of her girlfriends on some kind of cruise.

We pull off the highway and Rhea's face starts to pale, "He's not home." I say trying to comfort her.

Rhea only nods. I reach over and grab her hand offering her comfort. A few minutes later and we pull into Mama's driveway. I cut the engine and look over at Rhea who's staring straight ahead. Clearly she is uncomfortable and doubt starts to creep in.

My phone beeps notifying me of a text.

Jasmine 8:28 pm: Did you do it yet?

Me 8:29 pm: No. I think this was a bad idea.

Jasmine 8:29 pm: Do it!

I put my phone down in the cup holder. I take a couple of deep breaths. Checking my nerves I climb out of the car and walk around to Rhea's side of the car.

"Come on, Bee, I've got something I need to do." I hold my hand out for her.

We walk into the house and she goes into the bathroom. I quickly sneak outside and run out back. True to Jasmine's word, she set up everything and it's perfect.

A blanket is lying under the same dogwood tree that so many memories were made under. Candles are on each corner of the blanket and rose petals are placed all around. I reach into my pocket and pull out the black box that feels like it weighs a ton. I flip it open and look at the ring that I picked out for Rhea. It's stunning just like she is. I place the box behind the candle out of sight and run back up to the house.

Rhea is in the living room looking at a picture of her and I when we were about five and eight. She had her arms wrapped around my neck and she was kissing my cheek and I looked like I was in pain. It's laughable now.

"I love that picture." I say placing my hands on her hips and kissing her neck.

She rests her head on my shoulder and leans into me, "Me too."

"Come with me."

"Okay."

I lead Rhea outside and down the lawn that splits our childhood homes. I hear her gasp and stop walking.

"Tanner?"

I shrug and pull her along. When we reach the blanket I kick off my boots as does Rhea. She goes to sit but I grab her hips stopping her. She looks confused, "What's goin' on?"

"You were my first kiss, my first love, my first everything, Rhea." I reach for her hand and kiss the back of it. "I want you to be my last kiss, my only love and I want you to be the last thing I see every night before I close my eyes."

Rhea is bawling and I haven't even asked her yet. She has to know that this is how I feel about her. We've been through some shitty times but we got through them together and that made it so much more bearable.

I reach over to where I put the box. I let go of her hand so that I can open the lid. "Rhea Elizabeth Hudson, will you marry me?"

She covers her mouth with her hand and drops down to her knees and throws her arms around me. "Yes, yes, yes." She says through the tears.

Rhea leans back and I take the ring out of the box and slide it on her finger. She stares at it for so long I start to get a complex thinking she doesn't like it. "We can return it and get what you want if you don't like that one."

She shakes her head, looking up with eyes that are glistening and shining like the diamond on her finger, "It's perfect, Tanner."

I place a kiss on her lips and pour my life into it and she takes everything I'm giving, showing me she's ready to do this with me.

Hours spent making love under our tree where it all began, we rest and start reminiscing about the past.

"Remember when we used to run around the yards and caught all those lightning bugs in the mason jars?" Rhea asks running her finger tips up and down my bare stomach.

"Yup and running through all the puddles barefoot because you used to hate wearing shoes and you used to hide mine so I would get in trouble with you?"

She chuckles. "And all those field parties after the football games."

I roll Rhea on her back, "Remember that one time we went with Jeremy to his aunt's house in Knoxville? All the trucks lined up in a huge circle blasting the country music and getting drunk from all the Southern Comfort we drank that night."

"Oh yeah and waking up with our bodies outlined in red Solo cups?"

I kiss the tip of her nose, "I forgot about that." I lean back so I can stare into her beautiful blue eyes, "I want that for our kids one day. I want them to have that carefree childhood and to have lifelong friends who stick with them through the amazing times as well as the hard times. I couldn't have done any of this without you, Knox, Jeremy, and Cade...and especially you." Rhea smiles a smile so bright at all the memories made together over the past fifteen years.

She reaches up and cups the side of my face, "They will, we'll make sure of it."

10

~ Age 25 ~

Rhea

Tanner and I had a small beach wedding, shot gun wedding if you may. Seems the night of our engagement we conceived our little boy who is due any day now. It was a beautiful wedding right on the beach behind our house that we purchased just down the road from the Mitchell's beach house. Jasmine, Summer and Ava were dressed in coral colored dresses. Cade, Rex, Knox and Jeremy were dressed in khaki colored shorts, white button down shirts and coral ties to match the girls' dresses.

Tanner was dressed the same as the boys only he had a white tie on. My dress was simple but elegant. It was a strapless sweetheart neckline with a ruched, beaded bust. The A-line of the dress flowed softly to the ground. I opted for white rhinestone encrusted flip-flops since we were going to be on the beach.

After we exchanged our vows we danced the night away on our patio which was converted into a dance floor. Jasmine and Summer took care of all the details for Tanner and I so we could just worry about ourselves and enjoy our wedding day.

It was simply perfect.

Tanner and Knox talked morning, noon and night on the phone about the babies. Jasmine had her princess Nevaeh just a few days ago and Knox was the new doting daddy. He was texting all of us pictures of her. She was gorgeous; I saw both of her parents in her angelic features.

I was upstairs lying in bed when Tanner brought my phone up to me, "Jas is on the phone with the baby."

Squealing, I took the phone and I saw Nevaeh's precious little face on the screen. This is what I had to deal with because I wasn't allowed to travel per the doctor's orders so it would be a little while before Tanner and I made the trip to New York to see them.

"Oh my god," Tears sprung to my eyes every time I saw her. "She gets cuter every day."

"Say thank you, baby girl." Jasmine says softly the love pouring off of her.

"So how are you feeling?" I ask Jasmine.

She yawns, "Just a little tired. Someone decided they wanted to stay awake last night and sleep all day today."

"Aww, how can you be mad at that little face?"

Jasmine and I talked for a while before the baby started getting fussy. Miss Diva wanted a bottle and she wanted it now.

Tanner crawls into bed beside me and places his hand on my stomach waiting for the baby to kick him. He did this every night at the same time, it became our thing.

His phone started ringing interrupting our time together. Groaning, Tanner lies on his back and answers the phone.

"Hello?"

Tanner pinches the bridge of his nose, "Alright, see you in a few."

He hangs up and rolls over on his side again and kisses my cheek. "Something happened and Jeremy needs us to watch Ava for a little bit."

Worry creeps in, "It's late, babe, shouldn't she be in bed? Is everything alright?"

He sighs, "Yeah, but he said he wouldn't ask us to keep an eye on her if it wasn't important."

"Alright."

Something isn't right. Jeremy loves that little girl more than life itself. He's two different people. He's Jeremy the man whore on all the days that he doesn't have Ava and he's Daddy when he does. He doesn't introduce just anyone to Ava and while I'm thinking about it I don't think he's introduced her to anyone other than us. The sun sets and rises with that little girl who looks exactly like her daddy.

About a half hour passes when Tanner goes downstairs in our fairly new home and opens the door for Jeremy. I hear a lot of swearing and that is all that I need to hear before I'm jumping up from bed to find out what the hell is going on.

When I walk into the kitchen my heart shatters into a million pieces. Ava is sitting up on the counter with a little old dirty bunny rabbit that has seen better days. Her hair, the color of midnight, is greasy and pulled back into a messy ponytail. Her princess nightgown in disgustingly dirty and has holes all over it. The bottoms of her feet are black, her finger nails are caked with dirt and she has a ring of dirt around her mouth. What the hell has happened to Ava?

"What's goin' on?" I ask slowly stepping into the kitchen.

As I get closer to Ava and she turns towards me I see a hand print clear as day on her tiny little face. I cover my mouth with my hand, "Oh my god."

Tanner wraps his arms around me as Ava begins to sob. She buries her little face into her bunny rabbit and her shoulders are shaking.

Jeremy starts throwing out every curse under the sun.

"Let's go out back, Jeremy." Tanner says trying to calm the situation down.

Tanner kisses the top of my head before turning to Jeremy and more or less pushes him outside. I walk slowly over to Ava who still has her head buried.

"Ava," I place my hand on her dirt covered knee. "What happened, sweetie?"

She looks up with red rimmed eyes and a tear streaked face. "Momma's friend hit me because I wouldn't go to sleep."

I shake my head not wanting to believe her but the proof is there on her face. "Is that the only place he hit you?"

She nods and when she does her ponytail loosens a little more. I've never seen her in this condition; I wonder if this is what Jeremy deals with every time he gets her on the weekends. This is no way for a child to live. I step over to the freezer and grab a bag of frozen peas. I wrap them in a paper towel before placing it on Ava's face.

She jumps at first but then settles and leans into it. "Does that feel better?"

She nods. So I stand there for a few minutes and hum Twinkle Twinkle Little Star. When the song is over I remove the peas and throw them back in the freezer.

"How about we go take a quick bath, sweetie, and then we'll find a t-shirt of mine for you to wear. How does that sound."

She gives me a sad smile but nods.

Carefully I help her from the counter and lead her upstairs to the master bathroom. I start the shower and help Ava out of her clothes. I give her a quick bath and take her back to my room to find something to wear.

I get her settled in my bed and I walk over to my dresser and pick up the Frozen DVD I made Tanner pick up for me the other night.

"So I heard all these little girls love Frozen." Ava's eyes light up. "How about you say we pop it in and watch it?"

Ava nods and her freshly washed curls come back to life.

I set the movie up and slide in beside her in my bed. Ava scoots over a little closer to me and lays her head on my shoulder and then like she's afraid she inches her little hand over to mine and grabs a hold of two of my fingers. My heart is breaking right now for this little girl's untold story. I'm beginning to understand Jeremy's anger. Who can do this to a child and how can we prevent it from happening again?

About halfway into the movie Tanner appears in the doorway of our bedroom. "Hey."

He smiles and walks over to me. He sits on the end of the bed, elbows resting on his knees. "Jeremy is losing his mind and nothing I was saying to him could calm him down."

I run my hand up his back.

"He left. He said he'd be back in one hour. He had to take care of something but wouldn't tell me what that something is."

I take a deep breath and let it out. "It's okay. Ava is fast asleep and she's safe. He loves this little girl too much to do anything stupid."

Tanner lays back and puts an arm around my shoulder careful not to hit Ava's head. "I hope you're right."

And hour turns into two, then three, then four. Tanner's phone starts to ring, he digs it out. "Hello?"

Tanner rests his arm over his face. "Alright, see you in a few hours."

He tosses his phone on the floor, "Jeremy got locked up."

I don't know what to say so I don't say anything at all. Jeremy hasn't had it easy since he got together with Ava's mom. He's such a great guy and deserves to find his happiness.

