Chapter 1

Amy

My first Christmas with Conner hadn't exactly been planned, but I don't think I would have changed a single second of it. His family was amazing and I'd known that from being around Miranda for a few years. I guess I never expected them to accept me the way they did. I think I was in shock when he announced that we were together and with child. In fact, I wanted to pass out in front of everyone. Much to my surprise, they welcomed me with open arms, and by that night, I found myself wrapped in Conner's arms, feeling the safest that I'd ever felt.

I remember waking up the next morning to Conner clearing his throat. Apparently, he'd gotten up and grabbed a shower, while leaving me to sleep. "Mornin'." He leaned over and kissed me.

"I could really get used to this." I felt so comfortable, wrapped up in his bed. His bed!

"Me bein' naked?" The towel dropped as he stood in front of me with an eyebrow cocked and his hands on either hip.

I just shook my head and giggled. "Well, I was going to say waking up in your bed, but now that I'm getting an eyeful, I may just have to agree with you."

My God, looking at that man was never going to get old. He was so handsome.

Conner smiled and showed off his dimples. "You can touch it, you know. I mean, I'm thinkin' that since I'm goin' to be sharin' my bed, I may just have to ask you to pay me in sexual favors."

I sat up and leaned my head on my hand, while grabbing his hand and slowly pulling him to me. His smile never left his face. "I think that's a great idea. In fact, how about we start right now?"

Conner climbed slowly on top of me, never taking his eyes off of me. I bit down on my lip when I felt the warmth of his body against mine. I anticipated his kiss just as he leaned down to do it. His soft lips brushed over my mouth and sent chills through my whole body. I could picture his long tongue making contact with mine and stuck it out to meet his. He sucked it hard and finally let go to be able to kiss me full on the lips again. As his tongue entered my mouth, I could hear his low groaning and feel a fast growing erection pressing into my thigh.

Just as our kissing became intense, he pulled back and moved the hair away from my face. "How are you doin' with all of this, Blaze?"

I shrugged my shoulders, but reached up for a peck on the lips. "I don't know. I'm a little overwhelmed with everything going on. I mean, I know this is where I want to be and there isn't anything that will make me change my mind about that, but I am just so concerned over everything I don't know. I want to know why Heather called and what she knows about Rick. Don't even get me started on that bastard. What do you think he is up to? Why is he asking me for money that I don't have? It doesn't make any sense."

"You're goin' to have to call Heather. If she knows somethin' then it's best you find out what it is."

I nodded my head to agree with Conner, when every part of my body was telling me to scream 'no'. "I just don't want to deal with the repercussions of being around her. I hate what you did with her, Conner. I just hate it so much."

He slid over to the side of me and ran his hands through his damp hair. "I told you before that I didn't ever want to talk about it again. Please just let it go. You know it meant nothin' to me, Amy. Nothin'!"

That didn't make it hurt me any less. "I'm sorry, you're right. It's just difficult to think about and us calling her makes me think about it more. She is evil, Conner. She's like the plague."

He let out an air filled laugh and ignored my comment as he started kissing up the sides of my neck. As much as I hated Heather, he was doing a great job distracting me from our conversation. I thought about his fresh minty lips touching my skin and worried about my stale morning breath. Without warning, I sat up and jumped off the bed. "I'll be right back." I held up my finger and backed myself out of the room. I got halfway down the hallway and ran back to peek my head in the door. "Do not get dressed."

Conner wasn't always good about waiting for things and since I had forced him to wait while I fought to get away from Rick, I didn't want him to wait any longer for anything. I rushed into the bathroom and brushed my teeth. My hair was in a disarray and I tried to wet it and comb it down enough to look presentable. I swear, ever since I had found out I was pregnant a little over a week ago, I couldn't help but notice that my cheeks looked fuller. I knew Conner was waiting, but I couldn't help but look at my body in the mirror.

With everything going on in my life, I hadn't really had a single second to sit back and think of a big picture, of a possible future with my own family. My abdomen was still small, except something very big was growing inside of it and it gave me true hope that after all of the years of pain and suffering, I was going to have a happy ending. I didn't care whether it was a girl or boy, I just wanted to be a mother to a child. Conner loving me and being a part of it all, just made it even better.

When I got back into the room, I half expected him to be dressed with his boots on. Instead, he was laying in his bed with a baseball hat on and the sheet covering only the good parts. His arms were behind his head and he held a smile on his face. "What took you so long? I was about to come and find your sexy ass."

I climbed onto the bed and straddled my hot lover. "I'm back now."

His hands came around and traced my hips where my underwear sat. In a matter of seconds, I felt them sliding down over my ass. Once my backside was exposed and my underwear were down my legs, he began to slide my shirt up over my head.

With my body fully naked, he grabbed the sheet and draped it over my back, before pulling me down to kiss him. Conner's talented tongue started mingling with mine and I was ready and willing to do whatever he said. The man knew how to touch me and the taste of his skin drove me wild.

I could feel his erection growing against my leg as I grinded myself against him. I leaned down and kissed one of his tiny ni**les while he watched me. I loved how his hands traced the skin over my back and sent tingles all through me. When I felt his hands traveling to the front of my body, I sat up so he could see what he was working with.

He licked his lips when the palms of his hands hit my hard ni**les. "Put it in and ride me, Blaze."

I reached down and grabbed his hard erection into my hands. The smooth skin made it easy to stroke as I guided it to the right spot. As the pressure of his girth filled me, I began to relax. Conner grabbed my hips and started guiding me into a steady groove. Once we were moving in sync with one another, he brought his hands up and played with my br**sts. I ran my hands through my hair and continued watching him touch my sensitive ni**les. The more he pinched them, the faster I began grinding into him. I watched him looking at what he was doing and as his eyes started to close, it turned me on more. He looked at me again. "Does it feel good?"

I threw my head back and closed my own eyes. "Yes, please don't stop touching me. I'm so close."

"Come for me, Blaze. I want to watch you."

Hearing his soft words coming out of his sexy mouth sent me over the edge. I started rocking harder and reached up behind him to grab the headboard. He sat up and started licking one of my ni**les as he looked me in the eyes and I lost control of myself. My body tightened up and I could feel every single sensation running through it. I lost control of where we were and started to cry out, but Conner put his hand over my mouth until I finished. My pace slowed until I finally stopped and leaned into his kiss.

"Turn your ass around. It's my turn now." His hands guided me off of him to the opposite side of the bed, before I positioned myself so that my ass was in the air waiting for him.

Conner didn't take his time sliding back in. He grabbed my hips and thrusted into my wetness. I buried my head into the pillow to keep from crying out. The faster he thrusted the more I cried, but it wasn't because he was hurting me, instead he was sending me to momentary bliss once again. I could tell he was about to finish when he increased his stride before finally collapsing over my back.

Gentle kisses on my left shoulder sent butterflies to my stomach and I giggled just knowing how good he'd made me feel.

He collapsed down beside me and pulled me into his arms. I met his lips and kissed him slowly, savoring the fullness of his mouth as I licked them. Strong arms wrapped around my back as I ran my fingertips over his chest and looked into his beautiful green eyes. "That was a great way to wake up."

He pushed the hair out of my face and opened his mouth to speak, but his bedroom door came flying open and we covered up quickly.

Bella and Noah stood at the foot our the bed. She had a huge smile on her face. "Uncle Conner, does this mean you and Aunt Amy are married now?"

Chapter 2

Conner

How was I supposed to answer something like that? Obviously, seeing two people in bed together represented a married couple. Telling the child the wrong thing was really going to piss my sister off. Thankfully, Ty was walking by with one of the twins. He did a quick glance and started to walk by before backing up after he realized the predicament.

"Iz, what are you and Noah doing in here?"

She kept staring at us in the bed. Amy threw the covers up over her face.

"Isabella, answer me." His stern voice made her turn right around.

"Uncle Conner and Aunt Amy got married."

Ty looked as shocked as I did. "They can't get...Sweetie, go play please." He watched them run out of the room. He looked down at his son is his arms. "I'm going to kick your uncle's ass."

The little guy started grabbing at Ty's nose and laughing. "How was I to know she was goin' to walk in like that?"

"Ever heard of a lock?"

From under the covers I heard Amy whine. "It was my fault. I'm not used to being around curious little eyes. I'm so sorry."

Miranda came walking into the room with a basket of clothes in her hands. "Sorry for what?"

I let out a chuckle and pulled the covers off of Amy. She sat up but kept the sheet covering our naked bodies. "Bella walked in on me and Conner in bed. She thinks we are married now and Ty didn't know how to explain something like that. Please don't be mad."

"She's too damn curious. Just don't talk about it to her, until I can figure out what to tell her. I'm sure as hell not going to explain divorce to her again. That took forever and she wouldn't stop askin' if when her father and I fought , were we goin' to get a divorce."

Ty smacked her in the ass. "That's never goin' to happen."

My sister smiled and gave him one of those smiles that had a hidden meaning. I shook my head. "You think we can get some privacy up in here?"

"Well, shit! Far be it from us to c**k block you, dude." Ty grabbed my sister by the hand and pulled her out of the room before I could come up with a retaliation comment. I suppose it was paybacks for me telling Iz to walk in on them awhile back.

Amy had pulled the covers back over her head and refused to let me look at her. I grabbed the edge of the sheet and tried to pry it away from her. "Come on, let me see that pretty face."

"I'm never coming out of this room again."

"Now that you say it like that, I think that might benefit me more. Sure, we'd have to eat and shower, but stayin' in bed with a beautiful naked woman for eternity seems like a good way to live."

I felt her leg slide and kick me. "Be serious, Conner, I don't want to face them. They know what we were doing. Plus, Bella thinks we're married. How am I supposed to explain this to her?"

I started laughing and reached up to grab her breast through the covers. "You don't have to explain things. Besides, what can they say? We're having a baby together. Obviously, we have been together before."

"It doesn't matter. I don't care. I don't want anyone thinking I'm a terrible person." Finally, she let me pull down the sheets.

"Blaze, my family loves you. I don't know what you're so worried about. Get your pretty little self up and get dressed."

I could understand why Amy felt the way she did. I knew her situation more than anyone, but being with Amy changed all of my rules about being with a married woman. I was so in love with her, that I couldn't help myself. Sure, she was still married, but in her situation, it was never about her being a cheater. Rick had cheated, in fact, he'd done it many times. Not to mention the fact that he had lied their whole marriage and abused her physically so badly that he sent her right into my waiting arms. He only wanted her for convenience or some twisted business deal that we didn't know yet. Whatever it was, he didn't want her like I did and now that she was carrying my child, I would stop at nothing until she was free of that bastard.

Amy was a beautiful woman and she deserved to be happy. I was once a broken man, so jealous of my own family's happiness that I drove myself into a dangerous addiction. Amy made me want more for myself. She made me care about my future. I'll admit that after I knew I loved her, I always hoped that she would get pregnant and want to be with me. I know it sounds bad, but the truth is, she needed an out and having my baby would have given it to her. Maybe that was the real reason she was lying next to me in my bed; although it didn't even matter. For the first time in a year, she was where she needed to be and I wasn't going to let her go.

By New Year's Eve Amy had finally stopped worrying about my family. Colt and Van were still in town visiting as well as my mother and John, but Lucy and my aunt had flown home the day after Christmas. They were expecting Lucy's adult kids for a visit and couldn't stay any longer because of it.

I guess what helped Amy was the fact that I may or may not have told my sister that she felt uncomfortable, who in turn told my mother. Even though my mother was overwhelmed with spending time with her grandchildren, she seemed on cloud nine every time there was a mention of me being a father. I knew from across the room when she was thinking of it, because she would look at me and her face would just light up. It had been too long since I'd made my mother smile like that.

For New Year's Eve our family made a shit load of food and hung around all night. After the babies were asleep, we took the party out to the barn to shoot pool and celebrate. Of course, Miranda had the baby monitor and was keeping it hooked to her pants in case the babies woke up.

We were shooting partners in pool and had drawn names to see who was on who's team. It ended up being Colt and Ty's dad, John and Ty and me and Van's dad. We played a set of five games and the winner played the team that was waiting. After John and Ty won the first match, the three older guys quit on us to play cards with the women. As much as we all liked to play cards, I think me, Colt and Ty, liked playing pool better.

Ty leaned against the table. "What's the wager f**kers?"

"I ain't taken my clothes off, if that's what you're thinkin'. I still ain't heard the end of that shit." Colt adjusted his John Deere hat and I could tell he was uneasy about running around naked the last time he lost one of Ty's bets.

"I got somethin' better and you ain't gotta run around naked, well, not totally naked that is." They both cocked an eyebrow and looked at me. I shook my head and started laughing. I knew they were dying to know what my idea was, so I took another swig of my beer before responding. "Loser has to wear Miranda's little Santa outfit she wore in that picture."

"And they have to have their picture taken in it," Ty added.

Colt looked at Ty and then back to me. "You two have lived together too long. You're both sick in the head."

"Just agree to it and shut your pu**y mouth. Let's get this game going." Ty stood up and grabbed his stick.

Colt crossed his arms and kept shaking his head. "Just so you know, I ain't losing this time."

"Yeah, you keep tellin' yourself that, cuz." I pounded my fist against Tys before we got the game started.

Once we got to playing, things became more serious. Even Ty stopped cracking jokes after he missed an easy cut shot. He pounded the butt of his stick on the hard floor and cussed under his breath.

Bella and Noah were running around with the dog, while the rest of the adults were sitting at a large round table engulfed in their card game.

The way that we worked the game was that we each had to play each other. The first person to lose two matches lost the bet. Since Ty and I played pool so much, I think we both knew whom was going to lose. I had an easy bank shot and sunk my ball into the called pocket.

Colt threw his arms up in the air. "God. Damn. It!"

Ty and I pounded our fists together again and I watched Ty walk up and smack Colt on the ass. "Van, you better get your camera ready. It looks like Colt is going to be giving us a fashion show."

Colt leaned against the wall and looked both pissed and embarrassed. We couldn't help but to keep laughing at him.

"I ain't never making a bet with the two of you ass**les again." He grabbed another beer out of the refrigerator.

"Hey, at least you won't be naked," I joked.

The girls were laughing even before they knew exactly what was going on. Miranda came walking over to find out why her husband was hunched over laughing his ass off. "What did you do now?" She asked.

He continued laughing, so hard he could barely speak. "Oh my God, baby, you need to go inside and get me your Santa outfit." He laughed even harder. "Colt is going to put it on and jingle all around for us."

When he said jingle all around, I spit my beer clear across the room.

Miranda leaned over toward Van and whispered in her ear. We watched her stand up and walk toward Ty. She pushed him before getting up in his face. "Is it necessary for you to make him so miserable. He's going to hate visiting you if you keep it up."

He grabbed her by her face and kissed her before jokingly shoving her away. "He loves us. Get over yourself." He looked over at Miranda. "Baby, don't forget to grab the camera when you get the outfit."

I walked over and ran my hands over Amy's shoulders. "You havin' fun yet?"

She giggled and looked back at me. "I actually love it. You don't know how long I've wanted to be surrounded by a family. The longer I'm around them, the more I love them."

I kissed the top of her head. "I like you bein' here. If it's okay, I'd like you to stick around."

She smiled and reached up to touch my face. "It's definitely okay, Conner."

"Now we just have to get you divorced."

"You say that like it's going to be easy." She didn't seem so sure.

"As long as you and our son our safe, I will wait as long as it takes."

She shook her head and laughed. "Your son? You're so sure about that."

"I'm always right, Blaze."

A couple minutes passed before Miranda came back into the room carrying a very small little number in her hands and her camera strung around her neck. "This is as far as I am involved in this, Tyler. I refuse to have Colt want to beat my ass. It's too cold outside to run."

I shook my head, but kept my hands on Amy's shoulders. She was brave for wanting to be a part of this family. Van kept shaking her head as Miranda made her way back over to where she was sitting. She crossed her legs and waited for her husband to make a move. Colt just stood there with his hands on his hips as Ty reached the small amount of fabric over to him. "If I were you, I'd change in the other room. I don't know about anyone else, but I don't really feel like seeing anyone else's meat besides my own."

I was already laughing, just seeing Colt's face turning a shade of red. Even underneath his whiskers, it was obvious. "You best get to changin'. I don't feel like waitin' all night to see this. I've waited too damn long for this woman to be with me, so I ain't about to waste any more of it."

I heard Van and Randa making little sounds, like what I'd just said was sweet or something. I squeezed on Amy's shoulders, while waiting for my cousin to get his ass in gear.

Colt looked around the room. "Do I seriously have to do this shit?"

"You bet your sweet ass you do." Ty laughed as he said it. He blew Van a kiss when she rolled her eyes at him. I could see where the history between them made it easy for those two to communicate on a different level. It wasn't anything inappropriate. Well, let me rephrase that, because everything Ty does is inappropriate. That little bastard could make a smart comment about anything. Sometimes I wondered if he wasn't wired right. Still, he was pretty fun to be around.

"Let's get this party started. Get out the shots. I think our cousin needs one, before he shows us his love muscles again." Ty and I slapped five as he grabbed the bottle of bourbon. Amy cocked her eyebrow when she saw me taking a shot. It burned going down. I knew what she was worried about, but my days of being an addict were over. There was no way I would do another drug with a little baby on the way. My life was different and it had purpose.

"Woohoo! Hell yeah!" Ty danced around to the music, pulling my sister to her feet and grinding all over her from behind. He was so horrible at dancing, that we were all laughing at him. My poor sister was hunched over laughing at his shenanigans. He was behind her, trying to shake the front of his body up against hers. When he could meet her movements, he reached around and held onto both of her tits. She put her hands over his and tried to move them but he wouldn't let her. "Stop, baby, I'm all up in this shit."

I covered my eyes with one of my hands "Please spare us the groping. I may never be the same again."

"Hey, remember that time I showed you Miranda's tits." She turned around and slapped him, while he continued to laugh.

I held up my hands. "Randa, you had a bra on, I swear."

They settled down and started whispering to each other. I'd seen them giving each other that look a million times. After a kiss they broke away from each other. My sister looked back and smiled at Ty again. I just shook my head. Things were going to get loud later in their bedroom. Poor Amy!

A few moments later, Colt came out from around the corner. He was covered by some old blanket, but I could tell he was wearing the outfit. Ty and I both made a dash for the camera. Van tried to grab it first, but we were too fast for her. Once he had the device positioned, I ran over and tore the blanket out of Colt's arms. He threw his hands over his groin area. "This is bullshit! I'm not bettin' either of you again."

"Hands up, you sexy bitch. Do a pose for next year's Christmas cards," Ty teased.

Van had covered her eyes. I think she was more embarrassed than Colt.

"Spin around, cuz. We need a good ass shot," I taunted.

"I hate you both!" Colt was defeated, but at least he was a good sport.

Randa got up and walked behind our almost naked cousin. She started dancing behind him, embarrassing him more. The room filled with laughter and even Van couldn't contain herself. Colt lifted his hands away, giving up all sense of dignity. He turned around, surprising my sister and grabbed her waist. She backed away and laughed harder.

While everyone was still caught up in the moment, I leaned over and whispered in Amy's ear. "How about some alone time, Blaze?"

Her hand found mine and we made our way out of the barn without anyone noticing. I didn't care about the celebration. All I wanted to do was be with Amy.

Chapter 3

Amy

Since arriving at the Mitchell Farm, Conner and I had been inseparable. As out of the ordinary as it felt to be that way with him, it also felt so right. I loved the way he touched me when nobody was looking, or shot me a wink when he was telling a joke. The more days that passed, the more reality set in about my pregnancy. I was both excited and scared, except now I knew I wasn't going to be alone. I didn't just have Conner in my life. I had his whole family. They were more than I ever could have asked for. Growing up, my life was just so unconventional, especially when my father took responsibility for raising me. There was only so much one man could do for his wild daughter. I was glad that he was back in my life though. Seeing other parents with their children had always made me envious. For something that had become so important, it was the one thing I had never truly had, until now.

After Conner and I snuck away from the party, we went into our room without waking any of the children. I closed the door behind me and turned around to see Conner ripping off his shirt. His back was facing me, and still after all this time being with him, my mouth dropped and I took in the beauty of the most perfectly sculpted man I'd ever seen. Conner wasn't built like a body builder, but from working on the farm his whole life, he had muscles in all the right places. His body wasn't all that was amazing either. Underneath that cocky demeanor was a man with a huge heart.

He turned around, catching me staring. He cocked a half smile and dropped his jeans to the floor. As he stood up he let out a chuckle. "You goin' to do this every damn time I strip? I mean, it's obvious that you are fascinated with my physique, but darlin' that ain't even the whole package. I don't want you gettin' all flustered like you are right now. It's probably not good for the baby."

I started laughing and rolled my eyes. "I wasn't looking at you like that," I lied.

He laughed and shook his head, while flopping down on his bed. In only a pair of boxer briefs, he motioned for me to join him. His arm was behind his head as he watched me contemplate my comeback line. It irked me that he knew my every move. He took advantage of it, just so he could get me all roused up. "Come on, Blaze."

I shook my head. "Nope." my arms folded across my chest and I stood there playing along with the losing battle.

Conner laughed at me again. He took a pillow off the bed and threw it at my feet. "Well, I ain't goin' to beg you." He repositioned his own pillow and covered up his body.

I started tapping my foot on the floor, waiting for him to respond to it. I knew he was under those damn covers laughing at me. He knew I was going to crack and climb in that damn bed. If I was smart I would have gone back out to the party and left him to be alone. The thing was, I didn't want to go anywhere. For so many nights I'd slept alone, only wanting to be with that man. Wasting time just wasn't an option for me. I wanted to be selfish and have him all to myself, whenever it was possible.

I sighed and walked over to the bed. Knowing I was never going to hear the end of it, I grabbed the edge of the covers and ripped them off of him. He balled his body up and rolled over so I couldn't see his face. His stubbornness was pissing me off, except it wasn't in a bad way. He was playing around and that was fine, except I wanted to have the last word in, not Conner. I couldn't cave and just give him what he wanted. He was cocky enough already. "I'm not really tired. You think I could borrow your phone. I need to make some calls. "It was a complete lie. Aside from my father, there wasn't one single person that I wanted to talk to that wasn't already at the farm.

That didn't stop Conner from sitting up and looking right at me. "Who do you need to call?"

It was obvious that I got his attention. It was too late in the evening to be calling people and having conversations. "It doesn't even matter. Can I use your phone or not?"

He sat up and leaned his arms on his knees. "You have five seconds to get those clothes off and get into this bed with me. Don't make me start counting!"

He was ignoring my phone idea completely. I crossed my arms again. "No! I'm taking control of my life. I refuse to let another man tell me what to do."

I wasn't sure if he took me serious because he started laughing. "Blaze, get your ass in this bed, please."

Damn, he said please. Right away my heart started beating faster and I could feel the blood rushing to my face. "I think you should beg." It took everything I had not to burst into laughter. Conner's eyes got big as he tried to study what was going on in my head. He wasn't used to not getting his way with me. I knew it was a game, but I was starting to wonder if he knew it was.

He jumped out of the bed and stood over me. I was trying to calm my breathing, except, I could smell his cologne on his naked skin. I traced the tattoo on his arm with my eyes, instead of looking up into his. He took both hands and cupped my br**sts over my t-shirt, while starting to back me up against the bedroom wall. I kept my head down and stared at his chest. If I looked at him, I was a goner. I'd be at his beck and call and I was pretty damn sure that he also knew it. He massaged my br**sts over the fabric of my shirt. In very slow motion, he moved the palms of his hands down to my waist. The fabric was loose enough for him to slide my shirt up with ease. When he got close to my br**sts, he slid his fingers underneath the underwire and lifted the bra overtop of them. I watched Conner bend over enough to take one of my ni**les into his mouth. My mouth felt dry as I gasped and attempted to not act completely turned on. He was probably looking up hoping to catch my gaze, even though I was refusing to look. By this time, I could feel heat congregating between my legs. My body wanted Conner, maybe even more than my mind. He kissed my navel softly, before tugging down my pants to reveal my hips. I heard him growl and he bit into one. It wasn't hard enough to cause pain, but just enough pressure for me to feel it. I wanted him to do it again. I closed my eyes and thought about his stubbly face and his calloused hands. I loved that his touch always tickled me.

Finally, I looked down and caught those beautiful green eyes looking up at me. As he continued to place kisses all over my skin, he laughed, knowing he had won the battle. I was such a sucker. It was impossible to play hard to get with someone like Conner, who was always so damn irresistible. He kissed the base of my sex, while still looking into my eyes. "I always win, Blaze."

I ran my hands through his dark hair and threw my head back when I felt his mouth touching me in my most private of areas. Tiny sounds escaped from my mouth as his tongue slid in between my folds. His low moans made me become even more turned on. Conner pulled his face away from my hot sex and guided me down on top of his bed. He grumbled something that I couldn't make out, before his face was buried in between my legs. Each lick of his skilled tongue sent me into a frenzy. I felt myself unable to control my emotions as louder moans escaped me. My toes pointed and Conner knew what he was making me feel. He licked on my tiny bud harder, making me explode with passion.

As he came up toward my face, I could tell from the look in his eyes that he was nowhere near being done. His arms reached down and I instantly felt his hard erection pressing on my inner thigh. I watched his briefs fly onto the floor, before I felt his lips devouring mine. Conner's kiss was both erotic and desperate at the same time. I could feel the need within his kisses, which in turn, made me want him even more.

He was so good at what he did. Every touch was orchestrated to my needs. His hands were almost magical as they touched over every sensitive part of my body. His tongue worked with mine as he slowly entered inside of me. Sometimes his size was hard to handle at first, but not this time. Conner had gotten me so turned on that all I felt was bliss. With every movement our kisses increased in desperation. God, I loved this man. He was so perfect. I couldn't believe he was really all mine. Sure, we didn't have much at all, but we had each other.

My hands gripped his muscular ass as he grinded himself into my body. The friction was euphoric and within seconds, I was feeling yet another blissful orgasm taking control of my body. Conner grabbed my head and pulled my hair back to reveal my neck. He leaned in and bit me as I dug my fingers deeper into his ass cheeks.

I guess knowing he'd made me feel that way was enough to get him to the verge of finishing. He slowed his pace, but continued to kiss me slowly. I teased him by brushing my tongue against his lips. I watched his face scrunching up and knew what was happening. While Conner tightened up his body and kept me from moving, I kissed all over his face. He collapsed down beside me, leaving me feeling empty between my legs. He grabbed one of my hands and traced it with his right before intertwining our fingers and bringing that hand up to his lips. "Love you, Blaze."

I looked over into Conner's eyes. He was smiling and waiting for my response. He should have known by now that he didn't have to ask. I was madly in love with him. "Love you, too."

"This next year is going to be the best of our lives, darlin'."

I smiled. "Because you're going to be a daddy."

He shook his head. "Not just that. Sure, the moment I see my son for the first time, it will be amazin'. Hell, I'll probably cry even. I'm just sayin' that we can finally be together. No more waitin' like last year. I never have to share you with another man again."

"Conner, you never had to share me. I knew where my heart was the whole time."

He laughed and turned his head. "You could have told me that from the beginnin'."

I cuddled up closer to him. "Well, I had a lot to sort out. I needed to be sure that I was what you really wanted."

"Regardless of me, Blaze, you never should have been with that bastard."

I smiled and kissed his chest. "I know. I'm where I want to be now, that's all that matters."

Obviously!

Chapter 4

Conner

It was so easy being with Amy. She was unlike any woman I'd ever been with. I loved the little quirks about her, especially when she tried to play hard to get. In the next few days, after my cousin and his family finally left the farm, Amy was insisting on reopening the salon. The only problem I had with that was the fact that Rick was somewhere out there and I knew he was just waiting for an opportunity to corner Amy alone. I wasn't willing to put my girlfriend in danger, not to mention the safety of our unborn child.

Saying that was still so strange for me. It wasn't planned, but I couldn't have been more stoked about it. In some ways, it made me feel like Amy wouldn't leave me now.

After much consideration, I decided to go with Amy and check out the place. Her father agreed to meet us there and get in contact with the alarm company. I also called and arranged for Amy to get a replacement cell phone. We forwarded her other phone number's calls to the new phone, which meant she would still receive any of her customer's personal telephone appointments.

When I saw her getting ready in the morning, I wrapped my arms around her waist and decided to try and persuade her to stay home one more time. "You know, if you stay home we could have lunch together and possibly have a quickie in one of the barns."

She laughed and leaned over to put on her mascara. I watched the silly face she made as she began to apply it. "Conner, I have to go back to work. We've talked about this."

I leaned my head on her shoulder and looked at her through the mirror. "I just have a bad feelin' about it."

"My father is coming and making sure that only the two of us have access to the building. I will keep the door locked and ask clients to ring the bell for entry. The locks will be changed by noon today. You have nothing to worry about. Besides, you promised to take me there and pick me up when I close. I will be perfectly safe."

I sighed. "I just worry about you, that's all."

She turned around and reached her hands up my chest. "Conner, I love you. I promise you that I will be okay. You don't have to worry. I'm a big girl and I'm not as weak as you think. I have something to protect and there isn't anything that can take that from us."

Maybe I was sounding like a pu**y. I knew what Ty felt like when he was afraid of losing Randa.

A loud scream caught our attention. I flew out of the bathroom and met Ty at Bella's door.

Ty walked up toward my little niece, who was standing on her bed screaming still. "Iz, what's wrong?"

She pointed toward a pile of toys. "There's a mouse in my room, Daddy. It ran over my foot. Get it out!"

Ty looked back at me and I could tell he wanted to laugh. I followed him over to the pile of toys. "Bella, go run into your parent's room. Me and your dad are going to take care of this."

She got to the door and turned around. "When you catch it, can we keep it? I never had a pet mouse before."

Ty pointed toward the door. "Princess, we can't keep a mouse. You know the dog will try to eat it. Where is that dog anyway?"

"She's hiding under Jax's crib."

He sat up on his knees. "Why is she hiding?"

"Because she ate another pair of my underwears and so I beat her with em."

"Iz, don't beat the dog. If she does it again you tell us, you hear?"

She disappeared out of the doorway. "Okay, Daddy."

Ty looked up at me and started laughing. "You believe that shit? That dog has eaten a dozen pair of underwear. Why the hell do dogs like the smell of soiled underwear?"

I lifted up my hands. "Fuck if I know?"

"If it's not one thing, it's another. Okay, I'm going to lift the toys and you grab the damn mouse."

I crouched down and got ready. "How do you even know it's still in this pile?" That mouse could have been in the kitchen by now.

"I have to at least check. I lied to Iz about the last one and when she saw it again, she got all pissed at me. You know I can't stand when she gets mad at me. I have to be her hero."

"For Christ sakes, you catch mice, not lions."

"Shut the f**k up and just help me. I promised your sister that I would feed the boys this morning. They were up all damn night again."

I shook my head, feeling like catching this sucker was going to be impossible, but as Ty lifted the next little bear, It dove down into the pile more. "Did you see it?"

I shook my head and got my hands ready. Now, most people would hate to touch a mouse with their hands. They were the same damn thing as a hamster. One time we had these two hamsters that got out in our house. We searched everywhere for them. One night our lamp shorted out and then there was this horrible smell. My dad pulled the couch out and there was a fried hamster, sitting next to the cord. That next week the other was sitting up on the couch right next to him one night after work. When we caught him we realized he had doubled in size. My father pulled the couch away and a giant ass spot of carpet had been eaten up. The hamster died a couple days later, I'm sure of carpet poisoning. My sister cried for days over it. After that, I really didn't care about hamsters.

When I saw the little mouse making another move, I closed my hands around it. It tried to squeeze out, but I closed my hands tighter. "Where do you want me to put it?"

"In a plastic bag, then smack it on the floor until it dies." Ty was so serious, I had to take a double take.

"Say what?"

"Yeah, you can't let it go. It will come back inside the house. I don't feel like doing this shit every damn day."

I shook my head and carried the mouse into the kitchen. Ty followed me and opened the plastic bag. I dropped the little rodent inside and watched him tie the bag in a knot. I walked away before I could witness his rodent cruelty. I got what he was doing, but damn, it was f**ked up.

Amy was already wearing her coat when I saw her next. She had the keys to my truck in her hand. "Can you go warm the truck up? I don't want to go out there and freeze."

I grabbed the keys and bowed down in front of her. "Yes, Ma'am."

She laughed and pulled me up off the floor. "Did you want the mother of your child to get cold?"

"You're goin' to play that card on me already?"

"Only if it works." She giggled and I could tell she felt embarrassed.

I kissed her forehead and grabbed my coat, before walking outside. I started my truck and got out to clean the ice off the windshield. When I got down to where the wipers were, I noticed a piece of paper was folded and tucked under the driver's side. I grabbed the paper, ripping it in half to get it off of the frozen glass. I looked around, knowing it had probably been there for a few nights. I hadn't moved my truck in days, so there was no telling when it had been put there. Once I climbed into the truck, I opened up both pieces of the note and put them together. Right away I could tell that it was a woman's handwriting. It was too neat and big to be a man's. It wasn't addressed to me, or Amy, or anyone.

I stopped by the other night, but didn't have the nerve to knock on the door. Please call me back. I want to help.

Heather

I crumpled up the note and tossed it behind my truck seat. Amy and I had talked and I had promised her that I wasn't going to call Heather. As much as I wanted to know what the girl wanted, it wasn't worth fighting with my woman over. Heather was the last person on earth to be trusted, so calling her was like calling the devil and asking for a favor. We couldn't take the chance of her stabbing us in the back for her boyfriend Rick. She was a sneaky person, who had made my entire family suffer in some way.

I spotted Amy walking out of the house and ran to help her walk across the ice. I couldn't have her slipping and taking a fall. While she was at work, I would make sure she had a safe path for when she got home. "Slow down, Blaze. You don't have to act so excited to get away from me already."

She put her arm through mine. "You know it's not like that. I own a business and I have responsibilities. Trust me, if I could stay in that warm bed with your sexy ass all day, I would. I don't think you understand how hard it is to concentrate on cutting hair when all I can think about is your mouth between my legs."

Just hearing her say that brought a smile to my face. I don't know why I was feeling so sad. She would be back in my truck by the evening and in my bed a few hours later. "I'm sure glad I never had serious girlfriends before you. This worrying shit is a pain in my ass."

She got buckled in her seatbelt and waited for me to climb in my side before answering me. "Thank you for caring about me. I know you hate it, but it feels so nice to be loved. This past week has been one of the best of my life."

The drive to the salon wasn't as long as I wanted it to be. Her father was already standing at the door when we pulled up. I jumped out and ran over to Amy's side to help her out of my lifted truck. She put her arms around my neck as she kissed me and I lifted her down. "You better miss me today."

She giggled as we walked toward her father. "I will show you how much when you pick me up tonight."

I reached out and shook hands with her father. "Good morning, sir."

"Thanks for bringing her out here, Conner. I'm going to stay until I know she is locked in here safely."

He put his arm around Amy and I could tell right away how glad she was to have him back in her life. "You two worry too much. I'm going to be fine. I left him and there's nothing he can do to change it now."

I leaned down and kissed her on the cheek. "I'll call you in a couple hours. If you need anything you better call me."

She smiled. "Okay, I promise."

Once I climbed into my truck, I watched her father take a look around the parking lot before they walked into the salon. She was in good hands and it made it a little easier to drive away knowing that.

Rick was out there somewhere. Sure, he could have left town and maybe in a perfect world, he did. My world wasn't perfect and I trusted nobody except my family, at this point. In the back of my mind I feared that he was just lying low, waiting for the opportunity to take the one thing that meant everything, away from me.

Chapter 5

Amy

It was great that Conner was so worried about me. It was also a big pain in my ass. For someone that had felt like a prisoner in a marriage for so long, it was hard to not feel that way when Conner was being overprotective. Sure, Rick had physically hurt me, but I didn't see him doing it in public. He'd always been a perfect gentlemen when people were around.

My father hadn't seen me since I left his house a disarray after running from Rick. So much had changed since that day. After telling my father about my pregnancy, even he jumped on the 'keep Amy safe' bandwagon.

I didn't schedule any customers until after ten so that we could deal with getting the locks changed and working with the security company. I had even considered going with a new company altogether, but when I explained my situation they said they would make sure that my ex never stepped foot into my salon again. Trust me when I say that if I never saw that lying, cheating, bastard again, it would be too soon.

While waiting for the security company to get finished, my father and I sat around eating donuts that he had gotten for us. I started licking all of the chocolate off the top of the one in my hand. He started to laugh. "You know, you used to do that when you were little."

I laughed and looked down at the donut. "It's the best part."

He chuckled some more. "Your little half-brother does it too. I reckon it's in our genes. You know, the boys have been talking about you like crazy. Maybe, if you're okay with it, you and Conner could come over for dinner one night this week. I never approved of your choices in men, but that boy is good for you. I can tell his intentions are good."

"You obviously haven't seen his tattoos."

He laughed again, but I knew he hated tattoos. "Yeah, I stopped judging people for those reasons a long time ago. My wife has several tattoos, so I really can't use that as an excuse anymore. Unless he has Satan on his body somewhere, I really don't care about them. I can tell he loves you. He wants to keep you and that baby safe. It's all a dad can ask."

Of course, my mind went straight to Conner. Underneath of his tough appearance was a beautiful man that would risk his life for me. I knew that was how my father saw him. It probably didn't hurt that he called my father 'Sir'. "He's glad that you and I reconnected. Family is very important to Conner."

"Good. He's got some major responsibilities now. I hope he continues to impress me. Speaking of which, have you two thought about where you are going to live once the baby is born. Four and a half months are going to come faster than you think."

This was a hard topic to talk about. I'd only been free from Rick for a week. As much as I looked forward to a future with Conner, we hadn't set anything into stone. I didn't think he was going to leave me, but aside from him saying he was going to build us a house, I didn't know a when or how he was going to afford it. "He's planning on building a house on a piece of family property. In the meantime, we are going to stay with his sister and her family."

"It's hard living with people. Are you sure that's a good idea?"

"Dad, Miranda is my best friend. She would tell me if it was a bad idea. Her and Conner are very close too. There are places we can go to stay out of their way. I'm sure Conner is thinking the same thing as you are."

He shook his head and looked right at me. "I just want my grandson to have a good home to come home from the hospital to. If you need money, all you have to do is ask. I know that you are going to have legal issues soon and I plan on being there every step of the way. The sooner we can get that ass**le out of our lives, the better."

I took a long drink of my juice that he'd got me. "I concur. I'd be happy if I never saw him again."

He stood up and walked over to Miranda's station. I watched him eye up her picture. "This is Conner's sister, huh? She's a pretty girl."

I started laughing. "Too bad your both married, huh?"

He chuckled and looked around the room. "Yeah, too bad. This old man still has some moves though."

I knew he was teasing, but I didn't want the visual of my father getting freaky. "Eww, Dad, please!"

The guy from the alarm company walked in and cleared his throat. "You are all set on our end. The new security pin is what you requested and the authorized names have also been changed with a passcode for each person. I just need you to sign this paper and you'll be good to go." He handed my father the paperwork and I watched him sign everything. He waited for the man to leave before he turned to talk to me again. "Now, we just need that locksmith to get done and you will be all set, sweetie. I know I will sleep better at night knowing that this is taken care of. I can't believe that man kept us apart for all those years. You let me get my hands on him and there won't be any court date to attend. I will bury that son of a bitch so far down that they will never recover the bones."

"Dad!"

"I'm sorry, I just hate what he's done. He not only hurt you, but he stole from us both. This salon has been yours from day one, but you don't have a penny saved. I know there is money somewhere. I've got some people I know looking into him. We're going to figure this out and when I do, I will nail his ass to the wall."

I could sense my father's blood boiling as he spoke of Rick. My dad was upset about the business and the money, where all I wanted was to be free of him. If there was money out there for me somewhere, I would love that, but it just wasn't my first priority. "Dad, at the end of the day, I'm happy now and that is all that matters to me. We can make more money."

He walked up and unexpectedly hugged me. "You're right. We can make more money. I just wish you had it all along. I worked my whole life to provide for my family. I don't want you to have to live with other people."

I pulled away from him and tapped him on his chest. "We can talk about this another time. I'm sure Conner has a plan. He always does."

The locksmith took another hour to finish, but as he left, I was holding new keys to my salon. Aside from a couple women wanting to have their hair done, I hadn't gotten any threatening phone calls. I convinced my father that I was going to be fine thirty minutes after my first client came in. When he left, I felt both relieved and regretful. The sense of security that he offered had left the building and I was all on my own.

By the time lunch came around, I had cut three clients hair and done a color treatment on one of my regulars. When the phone rang suddenly, I jumped before walking over to answer it.

Hello?

I could hear someone breathing...

Hello? Is someone there?

Still nothing...

I hung up the phone and it rang back instantly. I was almost afraid to answer.

Hello?

Blaze, it's me. Can you hear me? My phone is bein' stupid.

Did you try to call me a second ago?

Yeah, could you hear me talkin' to you?

No! I got all scared it was a crank call.

Sorry, babe. I was callin' to check on ya, not scare ya.

It's fine. I'm fine. The locks are changed and the alarm codes are all reset. It's been quiet.

Alright, I better get back to this fence we're reparin'.

Okay, I'll see you around five then?

I might get there earlier if I can. See you in a bit, Blaze.

We ended the call as another customer came in. It was a little old lady that knew more town gossip than I could ever possibly remember. She sat her floral purse down on the chair beside her and got comfortable. "It's about time you reopened. I was thinking that I would have to go back to that Sally woman's establishment. Did you know she has five children by all different men? That's not very Christian if you ask me."

I hadn't asked her, nor did I even want to know. "I'm open for business. We had some electrical problems and had to close until the repairmen could get in to fix them. The weather didn't make it easy on them."

Sure, it was a total lie, but I didn't want Mrs. Mouth to alert the news or print it in the church bulletin. My business was private.

"Well, do you remember how I like things or do I need to explain it?" What a little white headed spitfire she was.

"I remember. You just sit back and relax. I will have you fixed up in no time."

I started on the little old ladies hair and after five minutes, she began gossiping. "Did you hear about the Taylor boy who drove his truck into the horse corral? They had to shoot one of the horses after the truck broke two of it's legs. I tell ya, all these kids do nowadays is ride around in those trucks drinking. You'd think the parents would have enough sense to keep their kids at home where they belong. Back in my day this type of thing was unheard of. It's a shame when a farmer has to put down a good animal because of mischievous kids."

I rolled my eyes, but continued rolling the woman's hair. "I can see where things are a lot different than when you were growing up."

She nodded her head, even with the hot iron attached to her hair. "Yes indeed. My daddy would have tanned my hide if I brought home a boy like that. He would have chased him down our dirt road with his rifle. You should be glad that you don't have children of your own. I bet that step-daughter of yours is a handful."

"She's all grown up. She lives with her boyfriend now." I knew I shouldn't have given her that information.

Right away, I could see the concern on her face. "Are they living in vain?"

"They aren't married if that is what you're asking."

"Couples that aren't married and live in sin will go to Hell. You need to get that girl hitched and get her saved before it's too late."

I could only imagine what she would say about me being married to someone and pregnant by and living with another. "It was her father's decision. Since the two of us are no longer together, it really doesn't matter that much to me. I appreciate your concern though."

My answer must have pissed her off. She sat in silence until her hair was done. After she paid, leaving me with a whopping one dollar tip, she exited the salon. I let out a sigh of relief as I watched her pull away. After locking the door, I walked over to answer the ringing phone.

Hello?

It was the same sounds as before.

Conner?

It's only a matter of time, bitch! When you least expect it, I'll be there. You'll be sorry you ever crossed me.

The line went dead and I just stood there, shocked.

Chapter 6

Conner

Even though the day was halfway over, I knew Ty had noticed that I hadn't gotten shit done. "Dude, you need to get your mind off of that ginger pu**y and give me a hand here. We need to finish this fence before Christmas next year."

The fence wasn't that big. I tossed a rock at him. "Screw you. I got shit on my mind today."

"Pussy? It's all about the pu**y. You throw another rock and I will start texting you pictures of your sister naked, punk."

I shook my head and started digging another hole for a post. "So, let me ask you somethin'. I got this call from Heather the other night saying she needed to talk to us. You know better than anyone what that bitch is capable of. Do you really think she wants to help, or is she up to somethin'?"

Ty laughed and picked up another pole. While trying to get it level, he finally looked up at me. "The Heather that I knew was only about herself. After what she did to my wife, I hope she gets hit by a f**king truck. I wouldn't take her help if she was the last person on the planet, dude. You know what she is capable of. Tell me you didn't call her."

I cocked my eyebrow and then gave him a dirty look. "Don't even ask me that, man. I ain't goin' to call that bitch without talkin' to you or my sister first. I just want this shit with Rick to be over. It's not just Amy I have to worry about. I got a kid on the way. It's important that they are both safe."

We leveled the pole and poured in the concrete to set it. "I get it, bro. I just think that should be the last option."

I didn't want to tell him that Heather had stopped by the farm. He would just flip out and upset my sister. "I'm thinkin' of takin' Amy to Kentucky. You think Randa could work at the shop for a few days? I want to show her where I grew up."

It was coming up on the anniversary of my father's death and every year since he'd died I'd visited his grave. Just because I was living here didn't mean I couldn't be there on that day.

"I will have to make sure my mom can keep the kids. Sometimes the boys get a little too wild for her. She says it's like having two of me running around."

I knew exactly what the woman meant. Those boys worked together to drive anyone mad. They were so in sync. "You really get a kick out of bein' a dad, don't ya?"

Ty smiled and leaned on the next pole. "I do, bro. Those three kids are everything to me. If your sister wouldn't have had the problems with the boys, I might consider wanting more. Even if we just had the three, I'd be happy."

I shook my head. "I hate sayin' this, because it goes against everything I ever thought about you, but you're a good dad. Randa obviously saw something that none of us did in you."

He wiped the sweat off his forehead and chuckled. "She makes me crazy sometimes, but her body makes up for it."

I knew he was joking. It still didn't stop me from tossing a bolt at him. "Forget what I just said. You're still the number one douche I know."

"It takes one to know one, bitch!"

I could tell that it was starting to get later in the afternoon from the position of the sun. We finished the main part of the fence and headed back to the house. I considered showering the funk off my body before heading out to pick up Amy, but my anticipation of having her safe in my arms changed my mind. Ty headed in the house, while I jumped right in my truck. The snow had all melted and the ground was left soggy. I pulled off the farm road slowly, but heard the mud kicking up from the tires as I drove. There was no sense washing it when it was just going to get muddy again when we got home.

I tried to call Amy several times, but she never answered. It made me concerned that something bad may have happened to her. As much as I wanted to call her father, I knew getting him worried would upset Amy.

When I pulled up to the salon, the lights were still on. I jumped out and headed straight for the door, overwhelmed with concern. As I looked through the glass and spotted Amy standing at her station, relief washed over me. I tapped on the glass lightly, but she still jumped before turning around. Right away, I could tell that there was something wrong. She opened the door and locked it behind me. Before I could even say anything, she wrapped her arms around me. "I missed you today."

I lifted up her face and looked into her eyes. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing." She shook her head, but continued to hug me tightly.

"Amy, tell me."

"It's nothing. I just...I haven't had a customer in an hour and it's been too quiet."

"Why didn't you answer my phone calls. You had me worried."

"Sorry, I turned my phone on vibrate and was talking to a customer when you called on the other line. Stop worrying, I'm fine."

Although I didn't believe her, I hugged her back before helping her get everything cleaned up. She seemed better once we were in my truck, headed back to the farm. Maybe it was just me being overly protective. Still, I couldn't shake the feeling that something had her spooked. "How was your day?"

I looked over at her before looking back at the road. She shrugged. "Fine. I had to set this old bats hair who had an opinion about unwed women living in sin. At one point I wanted to smack her in the face. I don't remember ever feeling so angry before. Do you think it's my pregnancy?"

I chuckled. "Darlin' I sure hope so. I don't want to get beat up while I'm sleepin'. Let me know ahead of time if I piss you off. I'll sleep in protective gear."

She smacked my arm and started to laugh. "Ha ha, you're so funny. I just feel moody. Maybe I'm just tired after being on my feet for so long."

"I give excellent foot rubs." I placed my hand on her leg and squeezed.

She looked over at me and smiled. "I know. It's pretty much the only reason I like you."

I knew she was teasing, but her little games always resulted in one thing and I wasn't about to pull over to f**k her in my truck. "Calm down little rabbit, you can have some of this later tonight when we get home."

"I didn't ask for it."

"Oh, yes you did. You think I can't read your mind by now?"

She laughed and leaned her body into mine. I watched her scoot her body to the middle seat and get comfortable before clicking the seatbelt. Her hands slid between my legs and she started rubbing on my balls through my jeans. "When I want you, you will know it, baby."

I felt my zipper coming down and kept my eyes on the road. A cold hand slid down into my pants. I swallowed the lump forming in my throat as I felt her grabbing my girth into her hands. She moaned against my ear.

I lifted up my hips to give her the extra room to gain a better grasp on my package. Amy shocked me when she kissed on my ear and started making her way down to my pants. "Whoa, Blaze, I need to get a shower, I'm all sweaty."

I felt her tongue lick on the tip of my cock. "I love the way you taste," she said before taking my length into her mouth. At one point I felt myself swerving off the side of the road. I steadied my speed and paid attention to staying in my lane as Amy's head began bobbing up and down. I took my right hand and slid it down her back until I could grab one of her ass cheeks. She moaned and it vibrated against my skin. I was rock hard by the time we got close enough to start seeing the barns at the farm. I tapped on her back and watched as she released her lips from my dick. When she saw where we were, she looked sad. I heard the seatbelt unbuckle and watched her tearing down her pants. In the matter of seconds she was straddling me. I couldn't believe how easy it slid in. She wrapped her arms around me and started moving her body up and down.

"Fuck, baby. Hold on." She held on as I pulled over to the side of the road. "I need both of my hands for this."

She leaned her body back against the steering wheel, allowing me enough room to grab both of those perfect tits. I watched her bite down on her lip as she began to rock up and down faster. We were limited in space, but it didn't make it feel any different. The spontaneity of what we were doing made it even hotter. I grabbed her by her hair and pulled her face toward mine. Our lips met and soon our tongues were dancing around each other. She put her hands onto the roof of the truck and grinded into me harder. I took my thumb and started rubbing her little clit hard. Her cries became frequent and I could feel the walls of her pu**y trying to push me out. "That's it, Blaze." I grabbed one of her ni**les and squeezed it as she cried out one more time. Watching the expression on her face was enough for me to go ahead and finish. I held her tight as I finished inside of her. She fell against my chest and calmed her breathing. "Sorry, I needed that."

"Darlin' you can do that every damn day if you want."

She giggled and kissed my lips again. "I'm so lucky to have you. Thank you for waiting so long for me, Conner."

I kissed her again. "The pleasure is all mine, Blaze. You were worth the wait."

She climbed off of me and started putting her pants back on. "You're just saying that because I attacked you in front of your farm. I feel like I'm horny all the time. It's crazy. Do you think it's because I'm pregnant?"

I shook my head and started to pull up the dirt lane. "Nah, it's because your man is so sexy."

She smacked my arm again and started to laugh. "Shut up!"

"Seriously, you can't resist my sexiness."

She looked out the window, trying to ignore me. "You talk about Ty, but you are so much like him it's sick."

"He wishes he was as cool as me."

"If you keep talking like that, you're going to be hit by lightning or something, you vain ass."

I laughed some more as we pulled up in front of the house. "You love me."

"Yeah, I have no idea why." She giggled.

"I'll remind you of them later."

She jumped out of the truck before I could say anymore. I knew she wasn't mad at me. Our little quickie was hot, but it didn't make me forget that I knew something was bothering her and I wasn't about to forget about it, until I knew what it was.

Chapter 7

Amy

It was wrong for me to not have told Conner about the phone call. I knew he could sense that something happened. As much as I wanted to share everything with him, I couldn't get him all upset over something that was probably nothing at all. Rick could threaten me all he wanted, as long as he didn't come near me.

I got back into the swing of things in the next few weeks. Work kept me occupied during the day and by the time I went home at night I was exhausted from standing. Conner continued to urge me to stop working as frequently as every darn day. He didn't understand the relationships that I had built with my clients. I couldn't just stop doing their hair.

Miranda had started working two days a week with me and on those days we just rode together. I swear Conner called me more than normal when he didn't drive me. I realized that this was his first real relationship and that he had a lot to learn, however he had forgotten the part about giving me some space.

I think it was just my new mood swings. I found myself to be more cranky than ever. I was exhausted after working long days and didn't have patience for anything. Miranda said I was the bitchiest pregnant women she had ever been around. I'm not even going to get started on everything Ty said about my attitude. I guess it didn't help that we were living under the same roof.

Conner had invited me to go to Kentucky with him for four days. I rearranged all of my clients and made sure that I would be all his during our trip. Since I hadn't really ever gone anywhere, I was more than excited to see where he grew up. It was also going to be nice to have someone on one time with his mother, who I really liked.

People didn't understand how hard it was for me to be estranged from my mother. Sure she wasn't exactly a good mother, but I still hated that she didn't want to be a part of my life.

So, what I thought was going to be a long private ride to Kentucky, turned out to have a few added passengers. I hadn't realized the real reason why Conner wanted to travel back to his hometown, until Miranda said she was coming too. It was the anniversary of their father's death. Apparently, they did this family thing where they visited his grave and paid their respects. I think it meant a lot to their mother that they were all there for each other.

We all packed into the Mitchell family Jeep Cherokee, without an extra seat to spare. We left at night time, thinking the kids would sleep for the whole ride, but we were mistaken.

Jake cried almost the entire ride, due to teething. Jax chewed on his whole hand and drooled all over his clothes. Bella wanted to stop at every single McDonald's.

Conner and I sat back in the third row, cuddled up together. I had to smile just knowing that he was taking me home with him. We were doing things way out of order, except it somehow made sense for Conner. He was never a kind of person to follow everyone else's standards. Since I'd never been to the ranch, Ty thought it would be funny to tease me for the whole ride, so while Miranda managed the three children, Ty drove and kept us occupied with his nonsense.

"Did you know that the Mitchell Ranch was once a plantation that Abraham Lincoln owned?"

I looked at Conner, who for some reason thought it would be funny to go along with Ty's lies. He nudged me and smiled when I gave my attention back to Ty. "That's so cool." I didn't know enough about history to question him. I thought he was really filling me in on the history. Miranda stayed quiet in the front seat, not making a peep. I should have known.

"Yep, did you ever hear of the Underground Railroad? The old barns have secret hideaways under the floor boards where the slaves would hide while they ran from their owners."

"That is amazing." I turned to Conner. "Why didn't you tell me this?"

He shrugged and just shook his head.

"Conner used to take girls down there and steal their virginity."

Immediately, I felt his hand grab mine. "That is horseshit! Amy he is blowing smoke up your ass."

"Language!" Miranda yelled from the front seat.

Ty was almost hunched over the steering wheel laughing so hard. "Come on, that shit was funny and you know it."

"Daddy, you said a bad word" Bella added.

I looked from Conner to the front seat. "So, how much was true?"

"None of it!" Miranda revealed.

"Sorry, Iz." Ty looked in the rear view mirror at her and then back to me. "Gullible."

"That is really not cool. I believed you." I slapped Conner's leg. "You could have told me."

He laughed "Sorry, Blaze. You look cute when you get angry. I just wanted to see you scrunch up that little face of yours."

I rolled my eyes and ignored the fact that I had been so naive to believe Tyler Mitchell of all people.

Once we reached Kentucky, I was completely exhausted. I'd tried to sleep in the car, but there was just too much going on for that to happen. The ranch was gigantic. I knew that family had money, but my God, they really had money. The main house was enormous and I couldn't believe that only two people were living in it. Colt and Van's house was down a long dirt road and Conner's mother's house was even further away on the property.

Of course, her house was small compared to the other two. It was still big, especially for just her and John. At Christmas time they were bickering about what house they would live in once they were married. I could tell how excited Conner was to be home. He snatched up his mother and spun her around, but finally sat her back down. She smoothed out her clothes before turning her attention to me. "How are you feeling these days? How is my grandbaby doing?"

Instinctively, I placed my hand on my belly. "I guess good. We have our first sonogram next week. Conner thinks it's going to be a boy."

She placed her hand on my belly. "Conner thinks he knows everything."

"Because I do!" He added.

Miss Karen looked over at her son and shook her head "Hardheaded, that's what you are. Go show Amy where ya'll are sleeping so she can put her stuff in there."

Conner led me back to his bedroom. It was weird seeing how he lived before he moved to North Carolina. I sat my purse down on his double sized bed and sat down. Shelves filled the walls and sitting on top of each one were old antique tractors. There were two posters on the back of his door of two naked pin-up models. I tried not to cringe at the thought of what he may or may not have done while looking at them. Conner sat my larger bag next to his dresser and sat down on the bed next to me. He caught my eye just as I was turning away from the posters.

"Yeah, I reckon I should take them down." He stood up and walked over to the door. Before he could say anything, his mother came in.

She put her hands on her hips. "Conner Healy! Amy, I am so sorry dear. I thought I got them all. I guess I never looked at the back of his damn door." She grabbed the posters out of his hand and started crumpling them up. He made a face like she was killing his best friend. She said something under her breath as she walked out of the room.

"She said she thought she got them all. Was there more?"

He took his hat off and scratched his head, while he smile answered the question. "A few."

I laughed and laid down on the bed. When I did, I could see a square from where a poster had been on his ceiling. "My God, were they all naked?"

He shrugged his shoulders and jumped on the bed next to me. His finger traced my lips. "Does it make you jealous?"

I don't know why, but it did. I wasn't about to admit that to him. "No way!"

"Blaze, you're pretty damn sexy yourself. How about I pin up a naked picture of you on my ceiling?"

I smacked his chest as he fell into me laughing. "Since I sleep in bed with you, I would say that you don't need that."

I stood up when I saw a bunch of pictures on his mirror. There were a bunch of Conner with people I didn't recognize, and most of them were with females. Blonde, gorgeous, young females.

He stood up and walked up behind me. I felt his hands reaching around my waist. "That's my past, Blaze."

I hoped it was the truth. Never in my years of marriage with Rick had I ever cared about losing him, the way I cared about losing Conner. If he left me for another woman, I would be devastated. I looked at him through the mirror. "I know."

A little later, we were headed to the cemetery to pay respects to his father. The boys were being cranky, so Mrs. Karen decided to wait and go with Ty and Miranda once the boys had their naps.

Bella had already disappeared to Colt and Van's house. She was so excited to see Noah that she barely spent a second with her grandmother.

As we pulled into the cemetery I could almost see Conner's demeanor changing. My tough man was putting up a shield as the emotions of losing his parent was all being reminded. It took him a couple minutes to locate his headstone. We parked fairly close and started walking through the grass to reach where his father had been buried. It wasn't anything fancy. It had his name, his birthday and the date he died. I reached out and intertwined my fingers with Conner's. Even when I squeezed them tighter, he kept his still. He stared at that stone, then finally crouched down to be face to face with it. I crouched down beside him and watched him take his free hand and trace the part that read 'beloved father'.

"I wish you could have met him, Amy. He would have liked you. Hell, he liked damn near everyone." Conner let go of my hand and sat down on his butt. I sat down beside him and put my arm inside of his.

"I can still remember the way he smelled when he came home from work every night. Ain't that crazy?" Conner obviously missed his father so much.

"No, I think it is those type of things that allow us to hold on. I can still remember running around the hardware store and the way the old wood floors sounded. It always smelled like sawdust, or that burnt kind of smell when wood is being cut." I heard him sniffling and hugged him tighter. "I'm sure he's somewhere looking down at you. I bet he's excited about you being a daddy."

Conner patted on my arm. He looked me right in the eyes. I could see that his were more wet than normal. "You mind givin' me a few minutes alone?"

Okay, I shouldn't have gotten my feelings hurt and maybe it was my pregnant hormones, but I felt like, at that moment, he was pushing me away. There wasn't anything he couldn't share with me.

I climbed up and went to lean against the car while he had his moment. I watched Conner sitting there with one hand on that headstone. I knew he was getting emotional and maybe he felt ashamed that I would see him that way. It was no secret that he and Miranda loved their father. I'd seen Conner upset before, so it made no sense why he would want me to walk away.

Thinking I was just being irrational, I got back into the vehicle and waited for him to be finished. Neither of us said a single word to each other the whole ride back to the ranch. It was extremely unusual and for the first time since we'd made a real commitment, I felt shut out.

Chapter 8

Conner

This was my least favorite day out of every year since that very day I'd lost my father. Had it not been for my mother, I wouldn't put myself through the pain of visiting my father's grave every damn year. It wasn't like I wanted to forget about him; I just hated looking at that rock, knowing his dead body was in the ground beneath it.

I remembered when I'd been to his grave last year. Afterwards, I headed straight to the bar and drowned my pain in liquor. Amy and I weren't really anything at the time. Sure, I'd met her, but she wanted nothing to do with me. I'd been a cocky prick to her on our first couple encounters. I was lucky she hadn't kicked me in the balls. Luckily they still worked fine, because my little boy was steady growing inside of her.

That's another thing that really bothered me. I hated knowing that my kid would never meet my father. He would never sit on his lap and get that special feeling like when they're with their pop. Ty's father enjoyed those grandkids so much. I know my dad would have been the same way. I wondered if Colt felt that way about his father, every time he looked at Noah and Christian.

Allowing Amy to see me that vulnerable wasn't an option. She needed to see me as someone who would do anything to keep her safe, not a damn pu**y. I appreciated that she gave me time to myself on the way back to the ranch. She stared out the window and never even said a word to me. Maybe she was just enjoying the Kentucky scenery. Either way, she was content and I could get my shit together without a third degree.

Amy laid down as soon as we got back to my mother's house. I didn't want to disturb her, so I headed down to Colt's to hang out until she called me. Noah and Bella were taking string and tying it around all the trees around the house. It was like they were trying to fence themselves in. "What are you two up to now?"

Noah kept working on tying a knot. "We are fixin' to keep out the witches."

"The what?"

Bella looked over at me and put her hands on her hips. "Uncle Conner, the witches live in the woods. They steal little boys at night, so we are setting up traps to keep my brothers safe."

I checked one of the lines. "Looks good. So how did you hear about the witches?"

"We heard my mom talking about it. She said it was very scary," Noah explained.

I had no idea why Van would talk about witches in front of her son. He had to be mistaken. "Noah, did your mom tell you this herself?"

"No, I heard her telling Aunt Miranda. I told Bella and she is helping me protect the family. I don't want any witches takin' my cousins away at night. The woods is scary and they won't have any clean diapers or nothin'."

I was trying not to laugh. I helped him secure one line to another tree before heading in to find out from the adults what was going on. I'd no sooner walked in when I saw Ty attacking Van with a can of cool whip.

"Stop it, Ty! I mean it. Get off of me."

Ty had her pinned.

Miranda and Colt sat in the kitchen and watched their spouses acting like children. As Van tried her hardest to free her hands, Ty sprayed the cool whip all over her face. You couldn't see her eyes or nose. She kept spitting it out as she tried to breathe and scream at the same time. "I hate you!"

"You know you like it. Ask Miranda how much she loves Ty sundaes."

"I know all about your dumb sundaes. You're disgusting!" She continued to try to free her hands.

I decided to stay out of it. No matter where we were, the two of them would always get into trouble. My sister was in the kitchen feeding Jake. He was wearing his little blue tractor hat like always. It was easier to tell the twins apart when they wore them. Jax had a green one. He'd learned to take his off though. "Hey. Where's Amy?"

I sat down next to my sister and kissed the top of her head. "She's at mom's takin' a nap. I think she's worn out from the ride or somethin'. She was real quiet at the cemetery."

"She better be up to a nice dinner. We're all goin' out for steaks later." Miranda shoveled another bite of something green into my nephew's mouth. He smiled as I scrunched my face up. It looked nasty, but he kept eating it anyway.

Colt cleared his throat. When I looked in his direction, I saw he was holding Christian. She had a pacifier in her mouth and was playing with a strand of her own hair, while her head rested against her father's chest. "Daddy's little girl, I see."

Colt kissed his daughters head. "That she is. Just wait until you have one of your own. You'll see. You can't help but love them."

Just then, Ty came back into the kitchen. His hat was off his head and his clothes were all wrinkled from wrestling. "You can't help but want to have meat like mine?"

Colt and I looked at each other and pretended that we didn't hear him. Giving Ty attention only fueled him. "I'm having a boy."

My sister chimed in. "You don't know that for sure."

"Yeah, I do. It's goin' to be a boy."

Everyone just shook their heads. "Dude, I love my boys, but I gotta tell you, there ain't nothing like seeing your daughter look into your eyes and knowing you are the only man in her life. Tell him Colt."

Colt looked from Ty, then back to me. "I hate to admit this. He's right, though. Boys grow up to be tough, but our little girls always need their daddy to protect them. I always want to be her hero. Just wait."

"Yeah, it has to be a boy. I'm sure of it."

Van walked into the room still wiping her face off. She tossed a towel towards Ty. "Thanks to you, I have to go up and get another shower. I have this crap all in my hair."

"Does it take you extra time since your belly is so giant?" Ty backed up against the counter as he said it. He knew she was going to kick his ass.

"I am not fat. Take it back!"

He continued to laugh, even as she approached him. We all watched Van get up in his face. She grabbed his cheeks and squished them together. The more Ty laughed, the more angry she got. He knew she couldn't physically hurt him, so he kept taunting.

Finally, she pushed away from him and walked out of the kitchen. Ty leaned down and wiped off his son's face with the rag. "Tell Mommy to stop getting you dirty. You need to look good for all those little hot toddler chicks."

The twins were going to grow up thinking they were God's gift to women. Sometimes, I found it ironic how everyone had always said that about us guys too. I guess it was a vicious circle.

I only stayed at Colt's for about a half hour before they all started to get hungry and request that I go get ready for supper. Amy was in the shower when I got back to my mom's house. I slipped into the bathroom and removed my clothes. She screamed when I opened the curtain at first, but calmed down once she saw that it was me. I grabbed the soap and started washing her back. "How was your nap?"

She shrugged and leaned her body against mine. "Fine. How are you?"

"I'm fine, Blaze. Why would you even ask that? I'm always fine." I didn't feel like talking about my father, or the reason that we were in Kentucky in the first place. I'd come and done what I needed to do. That was the end of it.

"I was worried about you, that's all."

"There ain't nothin' for you to worry about. Just drop it, alright?" I felt bad for being a dick, but I wanted her to shut up. I wasn't going to let myself be vulnerable in front of her. It wasn't going to happen.

"Fine, geesh, you don't have to be mean."

I rinsed off my hair and climbed back out of the shower without saying a word. I had a chip on my shoulder and didn't feel like talking.

By the time Amy came out of the bathroom, I was already dressed and heading out into the living room. I just wanted to get with all my family so that she wouldn't bring it up in private. Amy was the only person in my life that could make me emotional about things. I loved that she was special like that, but hated that it was possible.

I could tell she was annoyed with me, so I struck up a conversation with John about hunting. The women climbed in the backseat of the car and we headed to the restaurant.

The place where we had planned to eat was like a bar and grill. It was also a popular hangout of my past. Since we came from a small town, it was almost certain that I would see some old friends. The tension was building up knowing that I hadn't seen any of them since I was using drugs. I hadn't even kept in touch with anyone after meeting Amy. She's consumed my life and made me never want my old life again. Still, the fear of seeing them was getting to me.

We were seated at a large table in the center of the place. Amy was sitting next to me, at first, but then Bella had a fit and wanted her to sit with her. After we order our food, I saw a group of people sitting at the bar. I slouched down in my seat when I realized who they were. Three out of the four girls I had slept with. Two of my mudding buddies were standing around behind them with beers in their hands. I needed to change seats so they couldn't see me.

It was too late. From across the room, I heard my name being called out. When I looked up I saw my friends approaching the table. Matt reached out his hand. "Long time no see, dude. When did you get back?"

"I'm here visitin' with family."

Parker patted me on the shoulder. "It's good to see you, man."

"You too."

Amber, a blonde with hair down to her ass, pushed her way through the two guys. She wrapped her arms around me and pulled me in for a hug. "Why didn't you call me when you got back? We need to hang out. Shelby is having a party at her daddy's barn. You should come by. It's goin' to be so much fun."

I knew Amy was watching and because she knew me so well, I also knew that she was probably figuring that I'd been with this chick. Amber had always been a good time. On her inner thigh she had a tattoo that said 'the fun starts here'. She wasn't exactly quiet about being adventurous and always lived up to the hype too.

"Yeah, I can't this time."

"Oh, please change your mind. You know it would be just like old times."

I heard a fork drop loudly on the table and turned around to see my sister standing up. "Hey Amber, have you met my brother's girlfriend Amy? We're here celebrating the fact that he's goin' to be a daddy. He left town and fell in love. Ain't that great?"

My sister hated Amber and her herd of bitchy friends. I knew what she was doing. This wasn't really for me or Amy, it was for her own personal amusement. Still, Amber looked from me then over to Amy. She cocked her eyebrow and turned her attention back to me. "Well, you know where to find us if you change your mind. We all know how fickle you can be."

They walked away, but the damage was done. I was afraid to even turn around.

Chapter 9

Amy

This trip wasn't going the way I wanted it to. Conner was being distant and I felt like he was pushing me away. Then we go out to have a nice dinner and this group of his apparent friends come up and invite him out. It was like he had forgotten about me sitting there at the table for a second. The way she put her hands around the back of him made me crazy mad. If it wasn't for Miranda, I may have made a fool out of myself over it. I needed to calm down. He was in his hometown. He was going to run into people he knew. Although, I couldn't help but wonder if he had history with the girl.

I felt my blood boiling at the way she reacted when Miranda announced who I was and that we were expecting. My stomach started to feel upset, so I stood up to head to the restroom. Conner came up behind me and spun me around, just before I reached the ladies room door. "Blaze, it ain't like you're thinkin'."

"Guilty conscious?"

He scrunched up his face. "I would have introduced you myself."

I cocked my eyebrow and felt myself getting defensive. "Are you sure about that? I didn't even see you look back at me until your sister spoke up. Maybe you don't want any of your friends knowing you have me back at home."

He pressed me against the paneled wall. "Don't say that. It ain't true and you know it. You know what's important to me."

"Do I? Maybe you should have left me home so you could hang out with your old friends. Is that what you call it here? Is it called hanging out, or hooking up?" His eyes got huge. When he turned around to calm down, I slipped into the bathroom. Knowing he was probably coming in, I locked myself in a stall and started to cry. I hated being over-emotional. I wasn't the type of person to be that way in public. When I heard the bathroom door open, I shook my head. "Conner, just go away. I don't feel like talking to you right now. Just go out tonight and have a good time like I know you want to."

A female started laughing. "At least you know what the man really wants."

I'd had just about enough of this bitch. I kicked open the stall door and looked right at her. "I think you must have me mistaken. I'm not one of those girls who gets offended by shit jealous bitches say. You don't know anything about me and Conner."

She raised her eyebrow and crossed her arms in front of her chest. As she spoke, her head moved with a sassy attitude. "Listen here, you're the one whose wrong. Conner Healy is a ladies man. I don't know what he's been tellin' you, but he doesn't settle down. He loves to f**k. Trust me, I know. I just don't get how you got pregnant. He must have been pretty f**ked up when you were together. I mean, he's always so safe. Props to you for tryin' to trap him with a kid. Too bad he won't stick around to raise it."

Before I could lift my hand to slap the bitch, Miranda came flying into the bathroom. She got right in between us. "What did you just say?"

Amber didn't back away. She put her face right up into Miranda's. "Look what the bitch drug in. Little Miss Kentucky slut herself. Stay out of this, Miranda. I'm just tellin' the girl the truth about her boyfriend."

I couldn't help the tears that were falling down my face. My heart was beating so fast and I felt dizzy.

"No, Amber, you can say whatever you want about me, but you're wrong about my brother. He had to leave Kentucky to be free of all you little bitches, but when he did, he met someone and fell in love. You don't know shit!"

"Coming from someone who married her cousin. Is that all you could get after you f**ked the whole state?"

In an instant, Miranda had her hand around the girl's neck. Van came into the bathroom and took in the situation. She rushed over to Miranda's defense and pried Amber away from her. While standing in between them, she held her arms up. "What the hell? Act like ladies!"

Miranda straightened her hair in the mirror, then looked back toward Amber. "My husband is not related to me, not that I give a shit what you think. He's the best father I could ever ask for. You'll never find someone like him that loves you like that. As far as my brother goes, he waited a year to be with her. He went through hell just to be in her life. That baby she is carrying is all he talks about. Maybe you should think about growing up yourself, since you seem to think you are still seventeen and all."

"Oh, please spare me. It's only a matter of time before he gets bored." Amber kept smiling as she talked.

Miranda grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the bathroom. When I looked back I saw Van following close behind. We got to the table and everyone looked up as Miranda grabbed her purse. "Ya'll enjoy your dinner. Us girls are goin' home. We'll take the kids with us."

I said nothing to Conner. In fact, I couldn't even look at him. I didn't want him to see the hurt in my eyes. I shouldn't have come with him. I should have stayed home and went to work like usual. Maybe in some ways I was living a fairytale. How long was Conner going to want me until he'd get bored? What would happen if I gained a bunch of weight? I couldn't expect him to be miserable. It wouldn't be fair to either of us. Loveless marriages are worse than living with your enemy. It's too much stress.

Even on the way home I couldn't contain the tears. The boys were crying, while Christian screamed random sounds. Noah and Bella were watching a movie, not paying attention to anything. Miranda and Van were in the front. I could tell Miranda was pissed. She wouldn't stop talking about that girl Amber. I guess I wasn't used to such girl drama. The tears continued to fall, even after we arrived back at the ranch. I could feel my phone vibrating in my purse, but refused to look at it. I was hurt and confused.

I think the girls wanted me to come back to Van's with them, but I climbed out of the SUV and thanked them for being there for me. I waved as they pulled away and went into the house. Even walking into Conner's bedroom made me upset. I plopped down face first onto his bed and let go. His covers smelled of him and all I wanted was to be back at home and in his arms where I had always felt so safe.

After it had gotten dark and a good hour had passed, I went in and ran myself a bath. I was laying in the tub with my eyes closed when I felt the strangest feeling. This flutter feeling was tickling my stomach from the inside. Miranda had told me that I would know it when I felt my baby for the first time. I sat right up in the tub and held onto my stomach, just waiting for it to happen again. Sure enough, after a couple of moments, I felt the flutters again. This time, I could feel them very faintly against my hand. I was over five months and should have felt this much sooner. Maybe I just hadn't relaxed enough to notice. I guess I could have felt it and thought it was just gas, but this was very obvious.

I laid in the tub feeling my tiny little baby moving around inside of me. Different tears filled my eyes. It was like my baby was reminding me what was important. This trip was about family and love. It wasn't about Conner's past or the friends that were still too consumed with their immaturity to notice a changed man when they see it. I knew Conner's love was real. I'd been foolish to even consider that it wasn't.

I climbed out of the tub and got dressed before grabbing my phone out of my purse.

I had seven messages from Conner.

What happened?

Why did you guys leave?

That girl meant nothing, Blaze. I swear it.

Please call me

I'm getting worried about you. Randa said you went back to Mom's alone. On way home now.

I heard the door opening and sat the phone down on the bed next to me. Conner flew into the room and looked right at me. "What the hell happened?"

I shook my head. "Nothing! Don't even worry about it."

"The hell I ain't. You just got up and left. Are you pissed about Amber? Is that it?"

I held up my hands and could feel the baby moving around again. "Conner, please! I don't want to talk about it."

"What did she say to you? Amy, it was a long damn time ago. I never lied to you about my past. You told me it didn't matter. Now you're changin' your mind."

I stood up and looked right at him. "No, I'm not! I'm sorry that I wasn't prepared to run into one of your ex's."

"She ain't an ex. I just f**ked her a couple of times."

I could feel the bile making its way to my mouth. I hated when he said it like that. "Just shut up! I don't want to hear about it."

"If you can't handle hearin' about my past, then why are you even with me?"

His words were cold and defensive and after feeling upset from before, this only added to my emotional breakdown. I covered my face with my hands and cried harder. When I felt Conner's hands wrapping around me, I didn't fight him. As disgusted as I was, I just wanted to feel him this close.

"Darlin', I can't change things. You have to know that you're all I want. Everyone has a past. I ain't that proud of mine, but if I didn't have a f**ked up past, I would have never found you. I knew this day would come, I just didn't think it would be right now."

I pulled away from him so I could see those beautiful green eyes. "I want this."

He kissed my forehead and pulled me against his chest again. "It ain't like I would have let you walk away. You know I get what I want, Blaze."

I finally relaxed enough to let myself laugh at his sarcasm. When I sat down on the bed, I grabbed his hand and pulled him down with me. "There's something I want you to feel."

I placed his hand on my belly and laid down flat. I wasn't sure if he would be able to feel it. I knew it wouldn't be as strong as it was for me, but I was hoping he could feel something. I saw his eyes light up, when I felt the fluttering again. "Is that our baby?"

I shook my head. He placed his hand and his head on my stomach and just kept it there. The baby barely moved again, but Conner seemed like he never wanted to move away. I pulled his ball cap off his head and massaged it with my fingernails. My confrontation with Amber was suddenly put aside for what was really important. Conner and I were together and we had a little baby coming that we made out of love, which was something that he had never felt with anyone else but me.

Chapter 10

Conner

The restaurant had turned out to be a bad idea. After the drama with the girls leaving, Colt finally got a hold of Van who explained what had gone down in the bathroom. I couldn't' say that I was surprised about Amber being a bitch. Like me, she sort of always got what she wanted. Too bad she wasn't going to get me anymore. If I was single and never had met Amy, I would have given the girl a good time.

Moving out of state had changed my life. Aside from pool league, I never went out anymore. Instead of looking forward to parties, I looked forward to relaxing at home. I used to make fun of Ty for losing his man card, but soon realized that he traded in for a family. He was still a tough ass, who would fight for what he wanted, except his wife and kids were his number one. If he could change, then so could I.

After Colt filled me in, Amber got an earful. I excused myself from the table to find her ass. She knew that I was pissed and I didn't care how scared she was of me. I'd never wanted to hit a bitch so much, not even Heather. "What the f**k did you say to my girlfriend?" I assume it was the fact that I used the term girlfriend that made her look at me the way she did.

"Calm down, baby. I was just warning her. It's what girls do." She tried to put her hand on my arm.

I pulled away and took a step closer to her. "If you did anything to ruin my relationship, I will ruin you. You think I'm the only one in this town with skeletons? Don't forget I know about you and your step-daddy. Fuck with me again and I will go to your momma."

She crossed her arms. "You wouldn't dare!"

"Amber, we were friends a long time ago. I have a life now. I'm goin' to be a father. Maybe you can't understand what that feels like, but I ain't about to let my past dictate my future."

"You'll get bored, you know it. This is all just a show for that family of yours."

I'd never hurt a woman, but I pushed that little bitch up against the wall. "I grew up without a daddy. My kid ain't never goin' to feel that. Keep your mouth away from my future."

I walked away knowing damn well she was crying. It served her right. Now I just had to get home to make things right with my woman. Amy could be stubborn and this pregnancy was making her overemotional about every damn thing. I couldn't lose her over this. Petty or not, I was worried.

Sure enough, Amy was a wreck when I got home. After having several words, we finally calmed down and made up. In that moment that she let me feel our little baby, I knew things were going to be alright. I don't know how long we laid there together. After a couple of kicks, I couldn't feel anymore. I laid with Amy until we fell asleep. My cousins were expecting us, but we needed some time to ourselves.

In the middle of the night, I lifted Amy up to the top of the bed and covered us both up. In my mind, I knew that she was all I wanted. I just wanted her to know that too. Hell, she still wasn't completely mine. By law, she belonged to someone else. That bothered me every single day. All I could do was keep her close and hope that one day she would be mine in every way. If I had to fight for her, I would. She was worth it all.

The next morning we had breakfast at my aunts. It was cool to see my family interacting with Amy like she belonged there with us. My mother walked over and wrapped her arms around me. "Are you two better now?"

I shook my head. "Yeah, it's fine."

"Your sister told me what that girl said to Amy. She's lucky I wasn't in that bathroom. I would have given her a piece of my mind. Rumor has it, she's having an affair with her step-daddy. Did you know that her mother has cancer? How could that girl be so thoughtless?"

"Damn. Mom, I'm sorry it ever happened. I guess it's good I moved away from my friends. Seems like none of them have changed much."

She shook her head. "John comes home once a week saying how one of your buddy's got themselves in trouble again."

I laughed and looked over at John, who was watching us. He gave me a nod. "He really makes you happy?"

She looked over at him and smiled. "He'll never be your daddy, Conner, but yes, he makes me happy and I love him. Son, you need to live every day like it could be your last. You never know when your time is up. If you love that girl, you make sure she knows it every single day. You hear me?"

I kissed her forehead. "Yeah, I hear ya. I don't think that's goin' to be a problem. Last night we felt the baby movin'. I don't think I've ever felt so happy about anything."

Amy walked over to us and hugged my mother. "I want to feel my grandchild. You let me know when he starts kicking."

she smiled and looked over at me. I watched her touching her belly. It was still small, but somehow she was showing just enough for me to notice. I loved when she touched her stomach. It made me feel like she was already protecting our child. Amy was going to be an awesome mother. I needed to get that house built fast.

We sat down and all started eating. The kids were being kids. They still didn't know that the witch story was a movie and that they weren't going to come through the woods and steal children. Ty probably had something to do with that. I swear, he tortured people even when they didn't know it was happening. Once everyone got quiet, I put my fork down and cleared my throat. "So mom, did you set a date yet?"

I hadn't exactly talked to her about my plans to build a house in North Carolina. Sure, I'd mentioned it, but she didn't know that Ty's dad had deeded me five acres to do it. Plus I had taken my lunch break one day last week to apply for the building permit.

"We were talking about this summer. Why?"

"I was hopin' John could come give a hand once we break ground on the new house. Amy's goin' to be popping that baby out sooner than we know it. I need my family to have a place of our own. The permits will be in as early as next week. This shit is happenin'."

The room filled with celebration. Since I'd kept it from Amy, she looked shocked. I had this dream of blindfolding her and carrying her up to our wrap around porch. Things didn't always go as we planned them though.

She started to tear up and I wiped the first ones as they fell down her pretty cheeks. "Don't cry. Ain't this what you want?"

She nodded. "It's all I want Conner. I can't believe you went and did this on your own."

I chuckled. Ty leaned over. "I was with him. Does that count?"

My sister smacked him and smiled. "You little sneak. You didn't even tell me."

Ty looked at my sister. He put his arm around her. "It's a guy code thing. You wouldn't understand, baby."

"Guy code is when you don't sleep with someone your buddy dated. You punk." She shook her head and chewed on a piece of bacon.

"Yeah, I asked him to be quiet about it. I've been savin' all of my money and the bank is goin' to lend me the rest. I got a first time buyers loan and my rate is low. With all of your help, I reckon we can get it done fairly quick."

Amy's arms wrapped tightly around my waist. We were sitting at the table, in front of my whole family, but I hugged her back and appreciated her happiness. "I'm sorry about yesterday."

I kissed her on the head. "Only you, Blaze. This is all for you."

"You can count on me bein' there cuz. John and I can ride out together," Colt interrupted my private little moment with Amy.

"I can go with Amy and Miranda to pick out inside stuff," Van offered.

"Damn, I guess I will babysit," Ty joked.

"I can babysit, daddy." Bella was so cute. I think she was serious, even though she was way too young for three babies.

"I think we will need an adult helper. Maybe Mimi can babysit with you," Ty suggested.

Bella nodded. "Yeah, Mimi can help me."

We all laughed.

We spent the rest of the morning sitting around talking. Colt and John agreed to come the weekend after we laid the foundation. I would have to contract that part out, so it made sense that we start framing a week later, after the inspections were done. Originally, I had planned on building a pole building first, to store everything in, but we were running out of time. It wasn't that I minded having our baby while we lived with my sister. I just wanted to take our baby to our own home.

While the rest of my family went to my father's grave, Amy and I stayed behind. I took her on a golf cart cruise of the ranch. I think she was shocked at how big the place was. Her favorite part was my aunt's house. She stared at the pool and couldn't believe how beautiful everything was. I showed her the barn that we fixed up for Colt and Van's wedding. She also enjoyed seeing the horses and other livestock on the farm itself.

Later in the afternoon, we went out to the old tire swing. It was far back in the woods in this clearing. The swing hung from an old willow tree that had doubled in size since I was kid. My uncle hung the swing when we were about eleven, but Colt replaced it for Noah a couple years back.

Amy sat inside the tire and I swung her on it. "This place is unbelievable, Conner. I dreamed of this when I was a child. It's perfect."

"Yeah, it's beautiful, but it doesn't feel like home to me anymore."

"Are you sure you don't regret leaving everything here? It's just so much."

"I know where I need to be. I will live wherever you are." I stopped the swing and stood in front of her. She wrapped her legs around me. "Ever made love under a willow tree?"

She giggled and then realized that I was serious. "Someone might see us?"

I could have told her that nobody had caught me doing it before, but that was my past. "I don't care who sees us. I want you."

"I don't know. I feel silly. You've probably done this before." She giggled.

She knew me too well. "Amy, since you're the only woman that I have ever made love to, I reckon everything is new to me. Are you goin' to take off your pants, or do I need to do it?"

I wasn't going to take no for an answer. I wanted her naked and it was going to happen, right here, under this tree.

Chapter 11

Amy

Maybe I had overreacted regarding the whole Amber thing. That girl pressed the wrong buttons with me. I didn't want to doubt Conner, especially after all of the things he did for me in the past year. Making love under the willow tree was almost whimsical. Being outside, out in the open, and sharing our emotions was so intense. I think after feeling the baby moving, our feelings went into overdrive. Conner's excitement sent me into a frenzy of happiness. I loved sharing it with him.

As we lay there under that beautiful tree, I felt Conner playing with my hair. We were both looking up at the long branches, feeling the cool evening whisking in. I'd managed to put on my bra and panties before getting comfortable in Conner's arms again. I had no clue if someone had seen us, but I would rather have been safe than sorry.

"Have you given any thought to names?" Conner's question caught me off guard. I turned to look at him.

"Why? Have you?"

He smiled and lifted our hands up to the sky. The beams of setting sun shone through our fingertips. "I have a few I like."

I smiled just thinking about my big, strong man who already cared so much about our tiny baby. "Are you going to share?"

He let out an air filled laugh. "I don't know. I think I might just keep it a secret for a while."

I rolled over on half of his chest and put my head up to face him. "You can't talk about it and then not tell me. Come on with it. I want to know what names you like."

He laughed even more. "Blaze, you know how much I like it when you get all roused up? I think I am goin' to hold out until you can't stand it anymore."

"That's not fair. We need to agree on it. I'm not going to let you name our child Amos or Betsy."

"Damn, how did you know they were my favorites?" He teased.

I fell on top of him laughing, giving up on the topic for now. "I like it here, Conner."

He wrapped his arms around my back and held me close to his chest. "It's peaceful, that's for sure. It ain't like you have to worry about Rick while we're here."

I hated hearing Conner say Rick's name. Maybe it was just the fact that we still had to deal with the ass**le. "I wish it could be like this all the time."

"I'll admit, I do love bein' home, but I also have history here that I don't want to revisit. Too many skeletons are lingerin'. I don't think you'd be able to handle them knockin' on our door every day."

"Are you being serious right now? How many is it?" Did I really want to know the answer? Would it change the way I felt about this magnificent man? I didn't think it was possible.

"I didn't keep count." He scrunched his face up, and backed away, like I was going to hit him or something.

"Give me a rough estimate. Ten...twenty...a hundred...five hundred?"

He shook his head and kept laughing.

"Now I have to know. Just tell me. How bad can it be?"

"Didn't we just have a nice afternoon? Can we not talk about this right now? Damn woman, you know how to spoil a mood."

I poked at his chest. "You are not changing the subject on me, mister. Just come out with it."

"No!"

I laughed, but he never cracked a smile. Suddenly, I started to realize that maybe he really didn't want me to know. Of course it made me even more curious. "Babe, I'm not going to stop loving you because of your past. We all have skeletons."

"Mine could fill a damn cemetery, Amy. Please, I just don't want to discuss it. There were several times where I can't even hardly remember bein' with them. Before I met you, I didn't give a shit about names, or favorite colors. I f**ked for fun and it was with whatever fine looking chick I wanted. Is this what you want to hear?"

I grabbed both sides of his face and looked into those green eyes. Yes, it hurt me to hear, but the fact that he'd told me was more important. Conner trusted my love for him. "I want to know everything about you, you stubborn ass."

"I'll tell you something that I ain't never told another woman before. You are the only woman who has ever made me chase her. You are the only one who fought me tooth and nail on bein' with me. I knew you wanted it, but damn if you kept your distance. You made me crazier than I have ever been. When I look into your eyes, I see my future, but still, I would have kept pushing until I got into those panties."

Obviously, he felt that if he would act cocky, I would think it was cute. "No, I really did think you were an ass. You were a very sexy ass, but still an ass."

"Do you think I'm goin' to be a good father, Amy?" That there was the only thing that would get me off of the current topic. I could hear the sincerity in his voice.

"Of course. Why would you even ask me that? You make me feel safe and loved. Do you really think I would have left everything to be with someone that was a loser? I've been hurt too much in my life to go through that again. Why do you think I fought you so much? I knew I wanted you, Conner, but I couldn't let myself have you. I knew I'd want more and more until I wouldn't be able to stop myself. I saw through that tough facade pretty quickly. Maybe it was even the night that we didn't sleep together. You seemed so concerned about my welfare and you didn't even know me. Our baby is going to fill that void in your heart that aches for your own father. I know it's still there, lingering. I'd have to be blind to not see it. You are a beautiful man. Sure you have a sketchy past. Combine that with your cocky vanity and you can be damn near the king of all douches. I saw past it all, and for me, there was no turning back."

He giggled and brushed a piece of hair away from my eyes. "Did you rehearse that?"

A cackle escaped my throat. "No, I meant every word."

"Usually women like me for being an ass**le. I never got it, but I also never complained. Don't be tellin' anyone that I have a soft side. I can't let somethin' like that get out." He smiled so wide that all I could see was his white teeth. He knew he was saying something funny and that it would drive me up a wall.

"Far be it for the mother of your child to cock-block you. I wouldn't want you having to suffer at all." I was joking, but somewhere in my mind I had to wonder if he was being a little serious. I'd let myself fall so deeply in love with this man. It would kill me if he left me for someone else.

"As long as you keep bendin' over, we ain't goin' to have a problem."

Bend me over...

I sat up on my knees and looked down at him. The things he said still shocked me sometimes. I fell in love with this cocky side and a part of me never wanted it to go away, but another part of me feared that it could attract other women. The fear of losing him was real and with my hormones making me think crazy things, I just didn't want to imagine it. "You really know how to charm a girl. I used to want a real cowboy, but now, I think it was just not as good as I had imagined."

There, that should shut him up.

"Bullshit! You know I'm good at what I do to you, so don't even try to deny it. How about I cut you off then. You think you'd still be sayin' that?"

Oh, he was so good. That man had a God given gift.

"It's alright. Nothing to write home about, though."

He sat up and leaned his arms on his knees. Since Conner was shirtless, I tried my hardest not to stare at his chest. We played this sort of game all the time. The who wanted who more game. Each time, it made us both crazy and super horny. "You want to marry me, don't you, Blaze? Go on girl, you can admit it."

It was a question that he always knew the answer to. Still hearing him ask me that caught me off guard. I sat there with my mouth open for a minute. This could be one of those tests, like I gave to him. "Maybe."

"Maybe, my ass. I bet you can't wait."

He was right. "Like I would ever tell you."

Conner leaned in and got so close to me that I could feel his breath on my face. "The sooner you get a divorce, the sooner you get my last name. Keep that in mind darlin'."

My heart literally skipped a beat. Was he actually offering me a forever with him? "Did you just propose to me?" Oh my God, Conner Healy just proposed I think.

He smiled and brushed his lips over mine. "I ain't talkin' anymore about it until I know you're all mine. You know what you need to do, Blaze."

"I am all yours," I said as I pulled away.

"Not according to the state of North Carolina."

Sometimes, I needed to not look into those eyes of his when we were talking. They messed with my head and distracted my train of thought. My mind went to his family and how wonderful they all were. I wanted to not only be Conner's wife one day, but also be a part of that family for real. I needed to get a lawyer. "Will you go with me to talk to a lawyer?"

"Do you want to go home right now?" He stood up and reached out his hand for me. Once I was lifted off the ground, he walked over to put on his shirt.

I located my clothes and started putting them on. I probably had bark and leaves in crevices that I didn't know I had. As excited as I was to get out of my marriage, it hurt my feelings that we were going to have to leave this amazing place. I could have spent forever and a day on this ranch. "We can stay another day."

"That child needs to have his daddy's last name, Amy. His mother needs that name too. I know earlier we were jokin' around, but I am serious about this, right now. If I would have knocked up a girl in my past, I probably wouldn't have even been responsible about it. This is how serious this is to me. I want this with you and I'm going to have it."

I smiled. "I wasn't arguing."

"Good, because you wouldn't win, if you were. Now, let's get back before they send out a search party and find out where I took you." He grabbed my hand and started walking us back to the golf cart. Our ride back to Colt's was too short. As the cart came to a stop, Conner turned to look at me. "Amy, I want you to know that I'm crazy about you. I want to be a good father to our child, but I can't stress enough the fact that I need you to be all mine. I ain't goin' to ask you if that's what you want, because I already know the answer. When we get back, you're goin' to that lawyer, even if I have to drag you in there."

I leaned over and kissed him. "You can be so romantic."

"If that was romantic, you just wait until later."

I didn't want to wait, but no matter when it was, I'd be ready and willing for this man. Bent over or not, he could have me every which way he wanted.

Chapter 12

Conner

If I wanted Amy to myself, I knew I had to push her. She was the type of woman who would procrastinate. I couldn't have that. Aside from the house I was getting ready to build for us, it was important for her to be free of that ass**le of a husband. My child never needed to know what his mother had to go through. All he would need to know was that he was made out of my love for his mother. It was a love that I never thought I would experience.

Once we got inside, Colt pulled me into the office. He closed the door behind us, which made me concerned that we were going to have a serious talk. "I need your help."

"No problem, what's up?" Colt was pretty much the leader of the family. I had so much respect for the man.

"I've waited patiently for Ty to let his guard down. Savanna and I have devised a plan, but I'm goin' to need your help to pull it off. We need to act fast. Right now he just fell asleep on the couch."

This was going to be good, I just knew it. "What do I need to do?"

Colt gave me instructions to head out to the pool shed. He told me where I could find the large blowup boat and the pump. I grabbed Amy without telling her what was going on. If Miranda caught wind, she would sure take up for her husband. Colt wanted payback and it was going to kick ass.

Once we were back on the golf cart, I could tell that I had to convince Amy that Ty deserved this. "Are you going to tell me what we are doing? We just got there. I promised Bella and Noah that I would help them."

"We're goin' back. I just wanted you to help me get somethin'. You know how Ty is always playin' jokes on everyone?"

"Yes. Why, what is going on?"

"Colt has a plan to get him back good. We need to hurry before he wakes up." We pulled up at the pool shed and I immediately jumped off the golf cart. Amy followed close behind me.

Since it was winter, most of the pool supplies were packed inside. It took me a while to find the damn boat and then finally the pump. Amy waited outside while I brought the two items out. I plugged in the pump and started blowing up the boat. "Conner, please explain to me how you are going to play a prank with a giant blow up boat? It's cold outside and the pool is closed up."

I had to laugh. I had no idea what she could be picturing. "We're goin' to fill this bitch up with water and put it next to the couch. Colt's goin' to set off the smoke detector next to Ty's face, so that he falls right into the boat full of freezing water."

Amy shook her head and smiled. "Do you all realize how crazy this is? It's going to make a mess."

I started laughing again. "I don't think they care. It's just water anyways. Listen, Ty deserves this, so don't you go tellin' my sister. She will wake him up and spoil the fun. You know how she gets all defensive over him"

She kneeled down and helped me hold the boat while I pumped it up. "Since you have forced me to be an accomplice, I think it is fair to say that I won't be divulging her with any information. It's best if I'm just a silent helper in all of this. Being that I am living with her, I don't want her all pissed at me. This was not my idea."

"You know it's goin' to be funny, Blaze." It was going to be hilarious. I couldn't wait to see it all play out.

"Yeah, until Ty decides how to pay ya back."

We got the boat all blown up and started on our way back to Colts. He had directed me to come through the back door which led to the kitchen. Colt was there waiting for me as I carried it in. Van had taken Miranda upstairs to lay down the babies for their naps.

We quietly entered into the living room and placed the boat right against the couch where Ty lay snoring away. It was hard not to laugh, especially when we pulled the hose from outside through the front window and started filling it up. Van came into the room with four bags of flour. At first I thought she was going to flour him again, but she started pouring them into the boat, making a thick concoction.

This was going to make a mess, but she didn't seem to care one bit. She ran out and grabbed one more bag of flour. Only my family would have concocted this plan up and bought this stuff ahead of time. He must have been waiting for this moment. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if she slipped him a sleeping pill so that they could do it.

Miranda came walking downstairs just as Colt was holding the lighter up to the smoke detector. I assume he had been waiting for her to get finished with the kids, even though it would most likely wake them up. She took a double take and gave us both the evil eye. Van ran over and whispered something in my sister's ear. She crossed her arms and just shook her head. I had to keep myself from bursting into laughter. I'd do anything for my sister. I think I proved that when I went after Heather to save her marriage. I still got a kick out of seeing her get pissed off. She may have been little, but she was spunky when she was mad.

With the creamy white, thick mixture in the boat, the smoke detector started blaring next to his ear, Ty jumped off the couch and rolled right into the boat of goop. When he pulled himself up, the entire front of his body was covered in mush. The room filled with laughter and Van was beside herself. "How do you like that, f**ker?" I think we were all surprised to hear her using profanity. Since the children came into the picture, she tried not to curse at all.

Ty took his fingers and removed the white substance from both of his eyes. We could see the stuff going inside of his mouth when he opened it to speak. "What is this shit? It tastes horrible!"

"I made you a human paper machete project." She giggled up until the moment that Ty got ready to lunge himself at her. In just a small instant, Colt jumped right in front of him. The white mixture was pouring off of Ty as he stood there looking pissed.

"This ends right here, cuz. Savanna didn't do this to you, I did. I've had to get naked in front of your parents and run around in a thong. You did this to yourself. I let you think I was over it, so that I could get you real good. You got a damn problem with me beatin' you at your own game?"

It was just getting good. I half expected Ty to jump on Colt and them start rolling around on the living room floor. Ty just stood there, looking around at all of us. His shoulders sunk and he shook his head while letting out a laugh. "There is only one person that I know can kick my ass. I need all my body parts to work so I can keep satisfying my wife. I call truce." He held up his hands like he was giving up.

Colt held up his fist and pounded mine, before turning back to Ty. "That's what I thought. Now get this shit cleaned up so my wife doesn't have to."

Ty looked over to my sister. "Baby, can you help me?"

She put her hands on her hips. "You're on your own."

While laughing, I looked over at Amy. She seemed so amused by my family and the way we communicated. It was hard imagining not having a family, when I was raised with such a great one.

Ty began whining and everyone cleared out of the room, leaving him with a pile of towels and a bucket. It was going to take him forever to get that boat drained enough to move it on his own.

I walked over to Amy. "That there was some funny shit."

"So this happens all the time?" She seemed shocked.

"It gets worse every time. Knowing Ty, he will plan some revenge on Van the next time they visit. It never fails. Someone is always doing something to each other. We've been doin' it since we were kids though."

Most of the time, Colt would pick on Ty or myself. We were always too pu**y to mess with him since he was so much bigger than us. By the time we got as big as him, the idea of playing a prank on him seemed juvenile. That was until Van came into the picture. She wedged herself right between Ty and Colt and even though they all three loved each other, it started a lifetime of pranks.

"But it was Colt's idea. Why does he want to pick on Van?"

"Van is the easiest target and gets the most offended. He likes picking on her. It doesn't matter what Colt says. Now that he has initiated retaliation, it's definitely not over with."

"Will they do that to me, or is it just between them? I don't want to have something like that happen to me." Ty didn't ever seem jealous of Colt winning Van. I think he liked that the two of them found each other. Van was always special to him, but not in the way she needed to be. After he fell in love with my sister, it was obvious that what he and Van shared had been a deep friendship. They grew up together and had a past, but appreciated that they were now family. I don't know if either one of them could have been happier with the turnout. When all of that went down, I felt so left out. They were all so happy, while I was miserable. It was the reason I turned to the parties and the pills. I'd been so darn immature. Amy made me want more. She was what I always wanted.

"If he knows what's good for him, he won't go near you."

She smiled and wrapped her arms around me, pulling my body close to hers. "You are always protecting me."

It amazed me that she had to be reminded of that. After all this time Amy still thought I was going to just leave her. She was wrong. I'd die before I let someone hurt her. "I always will, Blaze."

Chapter 13

Amy

If I thought the ride to Kentucky was rough, well the ride home was ten times worse. The twins were in rare form and Bella was exhausted and cranky herself. I sat in the backseat with Miranda on account of Conner's legs being so long. I think the ride to Kentucky had been extremely uncomfortable for him.

We'd had a good time, even though our visit had been for something so sad. After the whole prank thing, everyone got along like nothing had happened. Conner had said it would be like that, but I didn't believe him until I saw it for myself. We had a huge card game going the night before, in which I won. They said it was beginners luck and it would be the last time I ever won again. Conner seemed proud of me, which made me all giddy over my accomplishment. Honestly, it had been all luck. I was never the best at cards.

When we passed the sign welcoming us back to North Carolina, it made me sad. I wanted to believe that I could get through anything as long as I had Conner by my side. The thing is, I just couldn't be certain. Rick had lied about pretty much everything I ever knew. I still hadn't told Conner about his phone calls to the salon because I was too afraid of what Conner would do. To me, he was a gentle man, but I'd seen him get pissed and he wanted to kick Rick's ass more than anything.

Ty and Miranda headed over to his parents for dinner, while Conner and I climbed into his bed and enjoyed the quiet. Living with three kids wasn't easy. I already felt like I was imposing, so I tried to help out or stay out of the way.

The following morning I drove myself to work. Jax was running a fever and Miranda stayed home to take care of him. Conner had already left to work somewhere on the farm and I really didn't see it as being a big deal. There was nothing wrong with my car and I had a new phone in case something did happen. While driving, I found myself constantly checking the rear view mirror.

"Come on Amy, get it together. There is nobody following you," I said to myself.

As I pulled up at the shop, I noticed that the parking lot was pretty empty. I grabbed my keys out of the ignition and reached over for my purse, but didn't stick the keys inside. Miranda had given me a bottle of pepper spray to have for safety. I knew I was being a worry wart, but I held the keys up as I walked, like I was prepared to spray someone in the face.

I inserted my keys into the door and felt something touching my shoulder. As I turned around, I tried to grab my keys out of the door, but they had to be turned to come free. Instead, I took my elbow and threw it back to push myself away from whoever was behind me. My arm made contact directly with the person's face. They hunched over holding their face and the first thing I noticed was that it was a female. She had brown hair and it was pulled into a ball cap, plus she had on sunglasses, even though it wasn't very sunny out. "Oh my God! I am so sorry. I didn't know someone was behind me."

Thinking that it was a customer, I opened the door and pulled her into the salon while she held onto her bleeding nose. "I am so sorry, sit down here and I will get some rags." I ran into the back room and grabbed a few rags and wet them.

When I got back out to where the woman was sitting, I noticed she still had her head down. She wasn't saying much as I approached her. "Just lean your head back and put one of these up to your nose." I went to grab the glasses off of her face to help, but she grabbed my hand.

"Wait!"

That voice...I had heard it before, but couldn't place it.

"Amy, I'm in trouble. Please don't freak out." She removed her glasses and it took me a second to realize who it was.

"Heather?"

She stood up but kept the rag over her nose. I watched her finger come up. "Please just hear me out. I didn't know where to go. I'm afraid he's going to kill me."

I raised an eyebrow. "Who is? What does this have to do with me? Why would you even think I would be a good person to help you? Do you have any idea how much I hate you?"

"Please, Amy, you have to listen to me. I'm in real trouble here."

I looked at Heather for the first real time since I'd realized it was her. She'd dyed her hair a dark brown and was wearing jeans and a hoodie. Anyone that knew the girl, knew she didn't even own the kind of clothes she had on.

I put my hands on my hips and sighed. The girl seemed petrified of something. I started to pull my cell phone out of my pocket. "I need to call Conner, before you say anything to me."

"No! You can't tell anyone. Please just listen to me. I overheard something that I shouldn't have. Amy, Rick isn't who we think he is. He has some kind of secret and I'm afraid I got too close to it."

I sat down on the chair beside her. Obviously she had gotten my attention enough for me to listen. "What are you talking about?"

She started crying right away. I refused to give her sympathy. She deserved to cry for all that she'd done. Maybe that made me an equally horrible person, but she'd caused the people that I loved too many problems for me to be cordial.

"You know that I was seeing Rick, right?"

I rolled my eyes. "You can have him."

She shook her head. "No! I don't want anything to do with him or his lies. That's why I'm here. I think we both are in serious danger."

I stood up and looked right at her. "Heather, come out with it. I have people coming here soon. I know Rick is an ass**le, that is why I left him. You know this already, so I want to know what exactly it is that you are here to tell me."

She put her hands up to her face. "Just give me a second. I slept in that abandoned car in the parking lot."

Wow. Was she really that scared that she couldn't go home to her own house?

"Why did you do that?"

"He told me that if he found me, he would kill me. I threw my phone away and have been hiding ever since."

I tightened my face up and shook my head. "Heather, Rick may be a wife beater, but he is hardly a murderer."

"I guess you don't know about his first wife?"

"I know she left him with a kid."

She shook her head and sighed. "No, that was his second wife and she didn't leave, she went insane."

"What are you saying? He was only married twice."

"Amy, he has been married three times. I swear that I am telling you the truth." She looked right at me. "His first wife died under suspicious circumstances. Look it up on your phone."

I pulled up the internet on my phone and searched for my husband's name with death of wife next to it. When nothing came up, I looked over at Heather. "There's nothing here. Heather you need to leave. I am going to have enough problems filing for divorce. I don't need this nonsense." I started to turn around, but she had stood up and grabbed ahold of my arm.

"Search Richard Martin loses wife." The look on her face was that of a very scared and very determined person.

"Who the hell is Richard Martin?"

She tapped on my phone. "Just look it up, Amy. If you want me to leave once you see it for yourself, I will."

I was disgusted being in the same room as this woman. It made me especially sick knowing that she'd slept with not only my soon to be ex-husband, but also Conner. I hated her so much. To prove her wrong and get her out of my salon, I typed it into the search engine and hit enter. "When this turns out to be nothing, I want you to lea...Holy shit!" His picture popped right up on the screen. "Is this...Is it really him?"

"I wouldn't have believed it myself had I not found a little address book in his truck and searched it myself."

I'd seen pictures of Rick from twenty years ago and this was definitely him. I stood there just staring at my phone for a second before I could even read the article.

Elena Brewer Martin Dies After Falling Down Stairs

I read the article and looked up at Heather. "So, it says she died from falling down the stairs. It doesn't say anything about her being murdered."

"Search Elena Martin death." Heather stood there waiting for me to do it.

Sure enough, in black and white, it said that police had accused the husband of foul play. "Apparently they had lived in a small town in Colorado and everyone there turned against him, especially his in-laws. They won custody of his son and refused to let him see him anymore. He was questioned and taken into custody, but was cleared for lack of evidence. The thing is, why would he change his name and never talk about it to anyone? I mean, he has a kid out there and never mentioned him before. That night I found that little book shoved between his seat, I never said a word until I went home. When he called me, I asked him who Elena Martin was to him. Amy, he started flipping out and threatened to kill me if I told anyone. I could hear the pure anger in his voice. The next morning I went to go out to work and he was standing outside waiting for me. I made it to my car before he took a bat and busted out my window. Thankfully, I managed to floor it and pull away before he could get to me. He called me and told me that if he found me, I would be dead."

I heard what she was saying, but was so shocked that I didn't know what to say to her. I was so angry for living with that man that I obviously had known nothing about. What else could he be hiding and was he really capable of killing the woman? "Well, why would you want me to get involved?"

"The last time he called and threatened me, before I got rid of the phone, he said he was going to take care of me and you. Amy, I think he wants us both dead."

I shook my head. "We need to call the police." I picked up my phone and dialed.

Heather stood in front of me with tears streaming down her face. Once the police were on their way, I made sure all of the doors were locked and we sat there waiting.

"I am really sorry, Amy. After Conner told me about what happened to Miranda, I just wanted to clear my conscience. I didn't know that Rick's big secret could warrant our safety. I pretended to still be into him to get dirt for you. Now I think I may have just got myself killed."

"Don't talk like that. The police will pick him up. It's going to be alright." I was shaking like a leaf, but trying to reassure her. "I need to call Conner."

Heather grabbed at me again. "Please, just wait to tell him. I can't face that family right now."

"He is the father of my child. Rick has already threatened me before. Conner needs to know this." I started dialing just as my phone was knocked out of my hand. It went flying across the salon and onto the concrete floor, where the battery went falling out. "What the hell?"

"Amy, please wait! Conner is going to flip out and try to take matters into his own hands. Do you want him out there looking for someone who could potentially be that dangerous?"

She had a point and with his temper, Conner wouldn't back down.

The police finally arrived and we told them about the threats Rick was making. Unfortunately, we didn't have proof to back it up on. Heather had gotten rid of her phone and he hadn't called me for a while. The police wrote a report, but said that they couldn't do anything unless he was there trying to hurt us. Even a phone conversation was just hearsay at this point.

As the officers left, Heather broke into tears. "What am I going to do? He's going to hurt me."

"Leave town."

"I don't have any money and now the window in my car is busted out. It got down to twenty last night and I was sleeping in my car."

I hated this girl, but somehow she and I were in the same boat. I had a family to go home to. Heather had nothing. Maybe I shouldn't have felt sorry for her. In some ways she deserved this. Karma was a real bitch. Still, I couldn't turn my back on another human being. If something happened to her it would be on me and then I would have stooped as low as her. "I will give you everything I have in the safe."

She didn't argue about it. "I will pay you back every cent."

Once I handed her the money, she thanked me again and left out the front door. Customers started coming in right after and it was too late to close the doors and head home. Every time the phone rang, I jumped. My heart raced all morning. By lunch time, I was calling my appointments and rescheduling them. I told them I wasn't feeling well and they all bought it. It was the honest truth. I felt like I was going to vomit.

I literally ran out to the parking lot and locked myself in my car before starting it. On the ride home my hands were shaking so bad that it was hard to hold the steering wheel. When I pulled onto the dirt road, I saw Conner walking toward me. I was going to have to tell him the truth. He was going to go ballistic.

Chapter 14

Conner

I knew something was wrong the moment that I saw her pulling up the driveway. I met her at the spot where she normally parked her car and opened the door. "What happened?"

She stood up and wrapped her arms around me tightly.

"Amy, what's wrong?"

"I think we need to go inside and talk about it." She never moved her head up to look at me. I was more than concerned considering the way she was clung to my chest.

I grabbed her purse and followed her into the house.

My sister had both of the boys in high chairs and was feeding them. "How come you're home so early?"

Amy sat down at the table and put her head down. I looked over at my sister and she seemed just as concerned as I did. I knew her driving to work was a bad idea. Her going to work at all was a bad idea.

"I don't even know how to explain this. There is so much that I don't know. Heather didn't even know all the details."

I heard that blondes name and thought my sister was going to lose it. "What did you just say?"

She turned around to face me. "Conner, I need you to sit down next Miranda and listen to me. Something happened today and you both need to be aware of it."

"If that little bitch did something, I will kick her ass," Miranda threatened.

I held up my hands. "Just calm down and listen to me. For once she didn't do anything, well, at least not to me. She's in serious trouble, actually."

I had about enough of the waiting. "Amy, spit it out!"

For the next ten minutes she explained how Heather had come into the salon in disguise and warned her about what Rick was up to and what happened in his past. I have to be honest and say that none of it was shocking to me. The guy was a total punk.

While I was still thinking about everything she said, she grabbed my arm. "Please say something."

"You said you called the cops and they couldn't help you?" I was trying to remain calm even though I knew I was slowly losing it.

"Yes, they came and said that we had to have proof that he was threatening us. Right now it is just two women saying that someone threatened them. Without me even seeing him for a while didn't help."

"You ain't goin' back to that salon. Call who you need to and have them come here instead." There was no way I was going to put her in harms way, not now, not ever.

"I don't need a babysitter. That is my business Conner. I can't just tell people to go somewhere else." Her makeup was running down her face from where she was starting to cry.

"I never said you needed a babysitter, but I'll be damned if I let something happen to you and that baby. Stop bein' selfish. I need to know you're safe." I was adamant about my decision. She was staying away from that salon, at least until we could figure out a way to keep her safe.

I slammed my hand into the kitchen table, catching everyone off guard and scaring the twins enough to make them start crying. "Conner, you need to calm your ass down. How do you even know that Heather is telling the truth about bein' threatened? We all know how she lies." My sister didn't have to tell me what I already knew.

"Have you heard anything I've been saying? Rick may have killed his first wife. I didn't even know about her. I thought his family was all dead and they might be alive somewhere. He has a son that nobody knew of. You've seen what he did to me when he got mad. I don't doubt anything Heather said. I hope she's away by now, because even after everything she put this family through, I wouldn't wish harm on anyone." Amy started crying harder. She got up and headed in the direction of our bedroom. I let her walk off by herself, while I stayed back to talk to my sister.

"This has gotten out of hand. I need to take her back to Kentucky. We'll be safe there."

She shook her head. "She won't go with you, Conner. You know how hard headed she can be. She just reconnected with her father again. You can't expect her to leave everything because some douche bag is out there with some vendetta."

"Well I sure can't sit around worryin' about her leavin' the house. Somethin's gotta give."

Randa sighed and spooned another mouthful into both of her son's mouths. "We need to get that f**ker locked up. That's the only way any of us are goin' to be able to sleep at night."

"And how am I supposed to do somethin' like that without puttin' us all in danger? Randa, I can't just make somethin' up to have him put away. I'd need something real on him." It would have been a fast solution, except we had nothing solid that would convince the police he was a criminal. Aside from him and Amy being separated, he was a model citizen, who sometimes had too much to drink. Nobody knew the secret side to Rick.

"Oh, I know. You could look into his past. You could hire a private investigator."

I cocked my eyebrow. "You been watchin' too many soap operas, sis. It ain't that easy."

"It is if you are legally married to the guy. Amy has access to everything."

My sister was right. With Amy's help, we may be able to find something on Rick that we could use against him. If the police weren't willing to help me, I needed to find someone that could. "No matter what we decide, I want you to know that I won't put your kids in danger. You know I would lay down and die before I let that happen. If you need us to leave, we will."

"No! I want you to be here with us. We are going to stick together. He won't come onto this farm and threaten us. He does that, he knows his ass is grass. The safest place for Amy to be, besides Kentucky, is here."

I leaned down and kissed my sister. "Love you."

"Yeah, I love your ass, too."

I headed in the direction of my room and found Amy on the bed. She was face down and crying. I slid in beside her. "Hey darlin', it's goin' to be alright. I ain't goin' to let anything happen to you. I promise."

She turned around and leaned into my chest. I kissed the top of her head before she lifted up her face to look at me. "I'm scared, Conner. I don't know what to do. God only knows what he's capable of. What if he tries to hurt you or your family? I would never forgive myself. I need to just go away for a while. It would be better for everyone."

I brushed the hair away from her face. "Is that what you want to do? Do you really want to leave me?" It hurt to even ask. A knot formed in my throat and I could feel my heart aching.

She looked me right in the eyes. "No, I don't want to be without you, Conner. I don't ever want to be without you, but I can't put you in danger. I can't ask your family to do it either. There are children involved."

"Our child is involved, Amy. You think that wasn't the first thing I thought about? I will do whatever you want. My sister wants you to stay, but you just say the word and I will take you back to Kentucky."

"What do you think we should do?"

I laid back and pulled her down with me. After letting out a long sigh, I looked down at her. "I don't know. I've never been one to back down from a fight, but seein' as you and my baby are in danger, I know I need to be responsible. Miranda thinks that we should hire an investigator."

"I need to get in touch with his daughter. She knows something, Conner. She told me to look in his truck. First I found those checkbooks and now Heather has uncovered some secret past. There has to be more he's hiding. He changed his name and everything. God, who the hell did I marry?"

It wasn't time to joke, but I just couldn't help myself. "It beats me. I just hope your second husband doesn't turn out to be a serial killer."

She slapped me in the chest. "Stop it! There is only one man that I would ever marry and he is too sweet to kill people."

"I'd like to skin your ex. You let me find him alone in some alley one night and you won't be callin' me sweet anymore. I'm serious, Amy. I think I could kill the man. I sure as hell can play it out in my head. His ass needs to be thrown in jail so he can be gang raped repeatedly."

She finally laughed. "I'd pay to see that. After everything he's done to me, I wouldn't mind seeing him suffer."

"I know it's the middle of the day, but how about you get a nice hot shower and put on some of my clothes then get your ass back in this bed." I kissed her slowly on the lips.

She opened her eyes and looked right at me. "Will you be here when I get done?"

I stood up and helped her off the bed. "I need to go finish up with something out in the pasture. Promise me you will get into bed and try to relax. I can't have you gettin' all stressed out. My baby needs a happy mamma."

She giggled and held out her hand while I handed her a pair of boxers and a t-shirt. "Thank you."

"Don't mention it. I plan on spoiling you for a long ass time." I kissed her one more time before sending her into the bathroom to get that shower. She needed to calm down. I could tell from her body language that she was anything but alright.

I found Ty out where we had been working before.

"Dude, what the f**k? I've been waiting for you to come back with that tool for a damn hour. Did you have to take a shit or something?"

"Suck my dick, we got bigger problems than fixin' this here fence. Amy and Heather are in some deep shit, man. I'm goin' to need your help."

When I said the name Heather, I thought Ty was going to crap himself. His eyes got huge. "I am not doing shit for that whore."

"We don't have a choice. I can't have a clear conscience if I let soemthin' happen to another person. She's in trouble, bro. I need your help and you're goin' to help me."

He tossed the tool down on the ground and held up his hands. "Fine! Tell me everything."

I sat down and explained everything to my hardheaded brother-in-law. He seemed shocked at first, but after the past year, nothing surprised any of us. "We need to nail this f**ker to the wall, dude. Whatever you need, you just tell me."

With everyone on board, there was only one thing left to do.

Protect Amy.

Chapter 15

Amy

Everything was happening too fast. One minute I am in Kentucky having a great time and the next I am being thrown into a huge mess of drama. I did as Conner asked and took a long, hot shower. I had to admit that it felt good to relax under the beads of water. Once I got out and put on Conner's extra-large clothes, I climbed into his warm bed and got comfortable. I'm not really sure how long I had been asleep, but I woke up to my phone ringing. Thinking it was just a client returning my call, I answered it without checking the caller ID.

Hello?

How's my pretty little red haired wife doing these days? Is that young cowboy still making your heart patter?

Rick?

How many other husbands do you got?

I want a divorce. I don't even know you. How many wives have you had?

Why are you asking me that? You been taking to someone?

No!

You have, haven't you? I knew that little bitch was going to run right to you. Tell me where she is, Amy.

I don't know and I don't care. I haven't talked to anyone. I found out everything on my own. I hired someone to look into your past. I know all about your ex-wife and how you changed your name, Rick Martin.

You don't know shit. Meet me somewhere and we can talk about it.

I wouldn't meet you if you were the last person on earth.

Where are you, bitch?

None of your damn business. You lost the right to ask me for anything the moment you started lying to me, which was obviously our whole marriage.

If you know what's good for you, you'll watch what you say to me. You ruined everything, you little bitch. Now you will pay.

I have spent our entire marriage being afraid of you. I'm done with your bullshit. If you ever cared anything about me, you will leave me alone, Rick. I will not spend my life looking behind my back. I called the police today. They are watching the farm and the salon. If you try to do anything to anyone in my life, they will drag your ass to jail.

You think you can threaten me?

Conner walked into the bedroom and heard my last sentence. He grabbed the phone from me before I could even argue.

You call this number again and I .......hello? "Shit!" He kneeled down beside the bed. "What the hell did he say to you?"

After I gave him a replay of what we discussed, he seemed pretty impressed that I had taken up for myself. He pulled me into his arms and I started to cry again. I knew he could feel my body trembling. I was petrified.

"I won't let nothin' happen to you, Amy. I hope you know that."

"I do. It's what scares me the most. I'm afraid of what you might be willing to do to protect me. Conner, I can't have you out there trying to be a hero. I want you here with me."

When the phone rang again, Conner reached over to answer it.

Hello? Yeah hang on.

He handed me the phone.

Hello?

Ma'am this is Ron from the alarm company. We just wanted you to be aware that a break in was detected at your business location. The police are in route. Can we let them know that you or one of your representatives will be out there to meet them?

I was in shock. Had Rick been sitting outside of the shop the whole time we were on the phone?

Yes, I'll be right there.

I hung up the phone and turned to Conner. "We need to get to the salon. I have to call my father." I started to walk out of the room, but Conner grabbed the back of my shirt.

"You need to get dressed first."

I looked down and noticed that I was wearing his boxers and t-shirt. "Oh, sorry."

"Get dressed and I will warm up my truck. I'll meet you out there. Take your time, Amy. There ain't nothin' that a few minutes are goin' to change."

"That's easy for you to say. It isn't your salon." I don't know what made me snap at him. Instead of saying something back, he just shook his head and walked away.

It only took me a matter of seconds to throw on some warm clothes. I grabbed my shoes and a jacket and ran out the door. Conner was in his truck playing with the thermostat. He said nothing as I climbed in and shut the door. Even as he pulled away, he kept quiet.

I closed my eyes and tried not to get upset. "I'm sorry for what I said."

"Nah, it's cool. I get it."

I reached over and tried to grab his hand, but he put it up on the steering wheel. I looked over and saw his jaw clenching. He was trying to keep his cool, except I could see that it had really gotten to him. I stayed quiet for the whole ride and it was awful. I'd never been so close to him but felt so far away from him. I hated it.

Two police cars were pulled in front of the salon. Conner pulled into a spot and we headed in together. Right before I got to the door, he ran ahead and opened it for me. Once inside I couldn't believe my eyes. My salon stations had been ripped out of the wall. The seats were ripped out of the floor and laid on their sides. One had been tossed clear across the room. The mirrors were all shattered.

An officer approached me. "Excuse me, Ma'am, is your name Amy?"

I didn't want to hear my last name so I cut in. "Yes, yes that's me. I'm the owner. Please tell me you caught the person who did this."

"I'm afraid we were hoping you could give us a lead. This kind of thing doesn't exactly happen in our small town. Can you think of anyone that would want to do this? Is anyone holding a grudge against you? Did you make someone's hair fall out?" He started laughing until Conner jumped in his shit.

"Do we have a problem here? This woman's business has been vandalized and you're makin' hair jokes? What kind of pu**y ass cop are you?"

The cop cocked his eyebrow. I got in between them and turned to Conner. "Walk away. Please."

He seemed pissed that I could ask him to do that, but turned and walked away anyway. I turned around to face the cop again. He put his head down. "I'm sorry, ma'am. It was inappropriate."

"Look, all I care about is finding out what I have to do next. You were asking if I knew anyone that would be capable of doing this. The answer is yes, I do. My ex-husband has threatened my life and everything I love. Is that the kind of person you are looking for?"

I think he was shocked that I was so dead serious. "Yeah, can you give us his information, or maybe his whereabouts?"

"I have no idea where you can find him. Once I left, I never wanted to see him again. Is it common to keep tabs on ex-spouses?"

Another officer came walking out from the back room. He looked from his partner then to me. "I think you need to take a look back here."

All of us, including Conner, rushed to the back room. I couldn't believe that it could get any worse, but as I stood there looking at the mess, I realized that I was wrong. All of the chemicals that I used for dying hair had been busted open and poured out. The smell alone was enough to knock someone out. I pulled my shirt up over my face, while I took in the rest of the room. It was a mess, but the worst part was the words written on the far wall.

This is just the beginning.

I fell into Conner's arms. Rick had destroyed the one thing that was mine. As I stood there crying, Conner guided me out of the back room. He sat a chair upright and got me sitting. "Breathe, Amy."

I took deep breaths and looked around again. The place was destroyed beyond repair. It was going to need to be gutted out before it could be salvaged. I broke into a crying fit and I just couldn't stop. I was never going to get away from Rick. He wasn't going to stop.

When I heard my father's voice, I looked up. He caught my gaze and headed in my direction, ignoring the officer. "Amy, sweetheart, are you okay?"

"I wasn't here when it happened, Dad. I went home early today. It's destroyed. Everything is ruined!"

He kneeled down and put his hands on my knees. "We have insurance. All I care about is you being safe." He looked around the room again. "My God, was this Rick's doing?"

I nodded. "Yes."

"That son of a bitch is going to pay, sweetie. Lord, I was so afraid when I got that call." He pulled me into his arms. "I just got you back. I can't imagine losing you."

I cried even more. "I know, Dad. I feel the same way."

Once he pulled away he stood up and shook hands with Conner. "Son, do you have any place that you can take her where she'll be safe? I can handle this place, but I need to know that she'll be somewhere that he can't get to her. Her and that baby are my main concern."

"I can take her back to Kentucky. My family has a ranch."

He nodded. "Good. Leave as soon as you can and call me when you get there. These cops need to catch this son of a bitch. If he is this hell bent, then there is no telling what he is capable of."

I sat there quietly listening to the two of them making decisions regarding me. I was in no position to do it myself. Rick was out for blood and I was the first one on his list.

"I need to stay and deal with the officers."

"I have this, sweetie. You let Conner take you home and get you safe. Everything can be replaced except for you." Hearing my father say such gentle words was the best kind of medicine to cure my broken heart. I looked around at my dilapidated salon. Everything that I had worked so hard for was destroyed. That bastard ruined everything.

I got up and walked toward the officer who was working on the report. "Excuse me, my father is here now. Do you need anything else from me? I'm not feeling very well."

"Just make sure we have the right number for you and you can leave. If we need anything else we will call you."

I walked over to my dad and hugged him one more time. "Thanks for coming."

"You don't have to thank me. It's what parents do. This bastard has cost me precious time with you, Amy. You go somewhere and be safe. That young man you're with loves you. I can see it every time he looks at you. That's the kind of man that I wanted you to end up with. I think he'll be a good father. He's hell-bent on protecting you."

I turned to look back at Conner. He was talking to the other officer about something. For all I knew he was telling him how much of a douche his partner was. "He is a good man. I don't know what I would have done had he not been in my life."

"Don't you worry about any of this. I will handle it all. Once you are in Kentucky we can talk about what we need to do."

He hugged me tighter and kissed the top of my head. "I'm so glad that we have each other again. I missed you so much, Daddy."

Maybe it was just me being overemotional. Maybe it was my hormones, but at that very moment he was my daddy and I was his little girl.

A few minutes after, we were heading back to the farm. Conner hadn't said much to me since I had snapped at him, but instead of bringing it up, he pulled me close into his arms. "It's goin' to be alright, Amy. I promise you, it will."

Chapter 16

Conner

I never wanted to hurt someone like I wanted to hurt that mother f**ker for destroying Amy's salon. What kind of monster preys on women like this guy? The police said they would do their best to find him, but I wasn't that convinced considering how they treated Amy during their questioning. I could have punched that little prick out for what he said to her. Didn't people have any compassion? She was devastated.

My sister about pitched a fit when I told her that we were packing up and heading to Kentucky. I don't think she realized just how bad the salon was, even after I showed her some pictures that I took from my phone. "Why can't you just stay here?"

"Randa, I don't have time to argue with you. She's pregnant and I promised her father that I would get her out of here until things cool down. That bastard threatened her life. You think I'm just goin' to stand around and wait for him to hurt her? She's carrying my child, for Christ sakes."

Ty came in and leaned on my sister's shoulders. "Baby, if I were Conner, I would do the same thing to keep you safe. He's doing the right thing."

"I know. You're right." Once she finally agreed that taking Amy to Kentucky was the right decision, she got up and helped her get her things together. For all of the times where I had tried to prevent Amy from being stressed, she was more stressed than ever before. I had to get her away from all of this.

An hour later, we were climbing into my truck. I kissed my little nephews and my niece goodbye and hugged my sister. I wasn't sure when we'd be able to come back to North Carolina. For someone that never wanted to move here, it killed me more to be leaving.

Kentucky was great, but raising my kids alongside my sister was always something that I wanted to do. I was miserable when she lived here and I lived there. Maybe I was being selfish. I knew she had her own family and I was about to start mine. Everything was happening too damn fast.

Once we got on the road and had been driving for a while, I couldn't stand the silence. This had all happened so fast and we'd never stopped to talk about us going to Kentucky. Amy had just gone along with it.

"You hungry?"

She shrugged but never looked my way.

"When did you eat last?"

"I don't remember."

That was one thing that drove me crazy. She forgot to eat all the time. "I'm goin' to stop at the next town and get us some supper."

"I can't eat right now, Conner."

I clenched the steering wheel and bit my tongue. Was it necessary for the woman to be so hardheaded when I was trying my darndest to take care of her? "You need to eat."

"Please don't do this right now, Conner. I'm not in the mood to argue with you."

I pulled over the truck, unable to hold it in anymore. "This ain't about Rick or the damn salon. You are carryin' my child and I will be damned if I'm goin' to sit back and watch you fall apart. We are stoppin' at the next town and if I have to force feed your stubborn ass, I will."

She pulled her legs up and wrapped her arms around her knees. I caught a glimpse of a dirty look as I pulled back onto the road. "Whatever!"

"For the record, I don't give a damn if you're pissed at me. You'll get over it."

"What if I don't?"

Was she really going to threaten me with that shit when I was trying to do the right thing? I knew she was all pissed off. I got it. I guess I didn't think she was going to take it all out on me. I wasn't sure that I liked being anyone's punching bag. "You will!"

I stopped at a diner at the next town. Amy said nothing as she climbed out of the truck and followed behind me. I placed my hand on her back as we entered and I swear she seemed irritated. Once we got our seats, she kept being the same way. I looked at the menu for a second. "What are you gettin'?"

She put her menu down and looked right at me. "Why don't you pick for me, since you think you know what I need."

I placed my palms down on the table and looked right at her. "I get it. I'm your punchin' bag. Does it make you feel good to treat me like shit?"

She rolled her eyes and covered her face up so I couldn't see her expression.

Once the waitress came over, I took it upon myself to order for the both of us. If Amy wanted to act like that, I was going to show her how it felt.

I played on my phone until our food came, since neither of us were talking. We ate in silence and just like I had thought, she was hungry and ate almost all of her food. Every bite I took, I stared right at her. I knew it was driving her crazy, but I didn't care. I had made it a mission to piss her off.

"I think we should get a room for the night and drive the rest of the way in the mornin'."

She took a napkin and wiped off her face. "Whatever you want to do."

The whole punching bag thing was really wearing thin on me. "Amy, do you have a problem with me?"

She shook her head. "No! Everything is just dandy."

That was it. I'd had enough. "If you keep givin' me the cold shoulder, I may just have to take you in the bathroom and have my way. I can't even begin to tell you how turned on I am right now."

She rolled her eyes and sat back in her seat, while grabbing her purse. "Thanks for the food. I'll be in the truck when you're done."

Now, I could understand that she was hurting. Hell, I don't even know how upset I would have been if it had happened to me. Maybe I would want to be alone and not deal with people as I tried to figure out what I was going to do. Nothing, and I mean nothing, was giving her a good enough reason to be so short with me.

I paid the check and headed out to the truck. Amy was leaning against the window, acting like I wasn't even in it with her. I shook my head and started back out to the highway.

A few miles down the road, I found a hotel and pulled in. Obviously, Amy wasn't going to talk to me on the ride to Kentucky, so I needed to rest.

She waited in the truck while I got the room and we both grabbed some clothes out of our bags and headed to the room. Just like every other hotel room, it had two double beds. Amy plopped down on the furthest bed away and didn't even acknowledge me being in the room with her.

I tried to act like she wasn't bothering me, so I headed into the bathroom to shower. After turning on the water and getting undressed, I realized that I was so damn frustrated that I wanted to punch a wall. I couldn't stand it anymore. She was making me so pissed off at her.

Without even wrapping a towel around myself, I walked out into the bedroom area. She had turned on the television and was paying full attention to it. So, I walked right in front of it, blocking her view. "Hey, I was watching that!"

I pointed toward her body. "Take off your clothes."

She sat up completely on the bed and shook her head. "No!"

"Take off your clothes. Now!"

She crossed her arms in front of her. "No!"

If she wanted to continue this, I could only see one way to make her stop. I climbed on the bed, chasing her off of it. She stood with her back against a wall as I approached. While I had her blocked, I grabbed the waist to her pants and yanked them down a couple inches. "I want you naked." My hand slid up her shirt and cupped one of her br**sts. "If I can't get you to settle down by talkin', then I'm just goin' to have to f**k it out of you."

Her eyes widen as I said it. I used both hands to cup her breast from underneath her shirt. Knowing what was under the bra, I let my fingers slide underneath to lift the bra off of those perky tits. As my fingers grazed each of her hard ni**les, I could already tell she was going to break down. "Conner...stop...please." She closed her eyes and licked her lips.

A deep moan escaped my mouth right before my lips pressed against hers. "You know you don't want me to." I kissed her slowly again.

She continued to fight me even as she kissed me back. "No, I'm mad at you."

"Get over it!" I pressed her body harder into the wall, while taking one of my hands and slipping it underneath of her panties. Her pu**y was warm and I took two fingers and slid them between her lips. I applied pressure to her little clit. "Oh, I know you're lyin' now."

She finally opened her eyes and looked at me. They were still angry, but all I could see was how they were burning with passion.

I spun her body around and pushed the weight of my body into her. Her cheek was pressed against the wall with her arms up above her head. I squatted down and removed her pants, lifting up each of her legs to free them. I ran both of my hands up her legs and then over her ass. I stood up and got close to her ear. "Tell me to stop, Amy. Tell me you don't want me to f**k you right now."

I spun her around and yanked her top over her head. As soon as the fabric left her face, she attacked me with a heated kiss. I felt her arms reach around my neck, so I lifted her up and pressed her against the wall again. My hands were on her ass and her legs were wrapped around my waist. I used the wall as a brace while I took one of my hands and guided my dick to her wet entrance. She gasped as I filled her with my erection. Our breathing increased as well as our kisses. What started out slow was suddenly fast and hard. Our tongues played together while I got into a steady groove. With each thrust, Amy was lifted up higher on the wall. Her nails dug into my back.

I got concerned when she relaxed her legs and let herself slide from my grip. She squatted down to and licked up one of my legs. In one swift move, Amy has reversed placed with me. She pushed my back up against the wall and kissed her way to my hard cock. Her hand wrapped it and she started stroking it aggressively. I kept trying to watch, but wanted to close my eyes so badly. I took my hand and ran it through her hair until it got stuck. I pulled on it, making her head move closer to my shaft. She licked the tip and the idea of her tasting herself drove me wild. She spread my legs more and licked the base of my balls, before taking my length into her mouth. While still stroking it roughly, her mouth moved against her strokes. It was so rough; different from how she'd always done it before. She was taking her anger out on my c**k and I was enjoying every damn second of it. "Oh, baby I'm going to come."

Her lips pulled away, as she looked up at me and licked my tip. "Oh yeah, I want you to."

I held it long enough for her to put it back in her mouth. She moaned as I tightened my body and let it fill her mouth. Just when I thought she was pulling away, she licked my tip one more time, letting a strand of my release trail from her lips to my tip. I laid my head back against the wall and tried to calm down. Everywhere she was touching me felt sensitive.

Amy stood up and walked over to the bed. She climbed up on top of it, sticking out her ass as she crawled to the center. I watched her turn around and look at me while keeping the same position. "When you're done with your shower, I'll be here waiting. I think you're going to have to f**k me more if you want me to smile again."

"You keep that ass up just like that and I will f**k you all night long, darlin'."

She giggled. "Hurry up then."

Chapter 17

Amy

Maybe I shouldn't have been acting so childish.

Maybe I should have considered how Conner was feeling.

I couldn't explain my actions. Everything was just out of control. My business was destroyed. I had no income. My husband was a psychopath. How much more could I take before I lost it?

I wasn't trying to intentionally be mean to Conner, but I wanted my space.

Of course, he had to push me and use his drop dead gorgeous body to do it. After just a couple of moments, he had me feening. I needed him and I wanted him.

It wasn't long after we were back in the room that I just couldn't stand it any longer.

When Conner came out of the shower, his body was still glistening with beads of water. The towel was around his head and as he dried his hair, it made it stick up in a sexy way. He smirked and knew just what my eyes were saying to him. I wanted more, in fact, I think I needed it. Conner was going to be my cure. He alone had the ability to make me forget about everything that was going on. One touch from him put me in such a frenzy that nothing else was relevant. I wanted to be in the now. No, I needed to be. The sex was rough at first and as good as it felt, I needed to pleasure him. Sure, it was sort of my way of apologizing without saying the words.

I sat up on my knees at the edge of the bed and welcomed his kisses as he bent over and climbed on top of me. His skin was sticky from being wet and it was hard to feel the smooth skin with my fingertips. Instead, I dug my fingertips into his biceps and pulled him into our kiss. He'd brushed his teeth and tasted of fresh mint. I welcomed his tongue into my mouth and immediately felt the heat rapidly growing from between my legs.

He pulled away from my lips and looked into my eyes. "You done bein' so stubborn?"

I backed up onto the bed, leaving him down at my legs. "Maybe."

He leaned down, putting his face evenly with my sex. One of his hands brushed over the skin. "Tell me you love me, Blaze."

"No!" I honestly don't know why I said it. He and I both knew that I did.

"I'll make you say it."

I shook my head, even though I was fully aware that he could.

I felt his tongue touch my tiny nub. Right away the room started to spin. This was exactly what I wanted. He pulled away and looked up at me smiling. "Tell me."

I shook my head again.

He licked harder.

My body began to buck and just before I screamed out his name in passion, he pulled away. Conner sat up smiling, knowing just what he'd done to me. I leaned toward Conner and tackled him, sending us both tumbling off the bed. I landed on top of him, thanks to him catching me, but instead of thanking him, I grabbed his hard erection and placed myself on it. He grabbed my hips as it slid right inside. I remained sitting up, looking down at Conner. It was so easy to stare into those beautiful eyes. He bit down on his lip as I rode him harder and harder. When Conner reached up and pinched both of my ni**les, I knew that ecstasy was upon me. "Come for me Blaze. Let it all out, darlin'."

And I did.

I screamed his name and a bunch of other things that made no sense.

When I was insatiably satisfied, I slowed my pace. Conner linked our hands together. "I'm so close. Don't stop doing...that!"

Conner squeezed my hands as I felt his body tightening up. I stilled my body, allowing him time to relax.

He opened his eyes and looked up at me. My eyes filled with tears and I let my body fall right into his chest. He put his arms around me and kissed my forehead. "Let it out, Amy. Just let it out."

Every emotion was racing through my mind, but one was the strongest of them all. "I'm sorry I was such a bitch to you, Conner. I love you so much. I don't want to ever lose you."

He lifted my face. "I'm not goin' anywhere. I got you where I want you."

I sniffled and looked at him puzzled. "Where is that?"

"Wherever I am."

I smiled. "I bet you say that to all the girls."

"Only the ones carrying my child."

I stood up and headed in the direction of the bathroom. Conner got up and followed behind me. "If you think I'm going to climb out the window, I'm afraid you are seriously mistaken."

I reached down and turned the shower back on. When I turned around Conner was just standing there, leaning against the doorframe. "You know you're my future, right?"

"Don't do that."

"Do what?"

"Promise me forever. Not when so much is standing in our way."

"Amy, I don't give a damn about any of that. Nothin' is goin' to stop us from bein' a family. Would you please stop thinkin' so darn negatively about everything? As long as I got you, I don't care where we gotta live. You want a salon, well, I will build you one. Just tell me what you want so I can make it happen."

I didn't know what to say to Conner. More than anything, I wanted us to be a family. God, I had wanted it for so long. I didn't know what I would do without him, but I feared that Rick was not going to let anything stop him from destroying my happiness. I wasn't exactly sure how he was going to do it, but it was possible. "Just don't give up on me. No matter how moody I get, or how much I cry. It's not ever about you. You are the only person in my life that I know I can count on. This baby, our baby, means everything to me. I just wish we didn't have to go through this. My God, I am pregnant and practically running for my life. I don't know how I am supposed to even feel about that."

I looked away, but he grabbed my chin and pulled it toward him. "It's alright to be scared. Once we get to Kentucky, and we get settled, it will all work itself out. My aunt knows a lot of people. I'm sure we can get you a job if that's what you want. To be honest I think it's a good time to stay home and start preparing. We're goin' to have to buy a lot of shit."

"You make it all sound so easy. Are you sure your family is okay with us coming there to stay?" I hated imposing. His family was going to start calling me a mooch.

"This is my home. The only thing my mother and aunt are probably worried about is which house would be more comfortable for us. You know, my aunt has that huge house and just her and the housekeeper are livin' there. The whole left wing of the house is empty. It's got four bedrooms and a nursery already set up from when my sister lived there."

I reached over and turned off the water, then sat down on the edge of the tub. Conner came over and sat on the closed toilet seat. It was funny that we were having such a serious conversation while we were both stark naked. "Where do you want to live, Conner?"

He took his hand and rubbed it over my exposed belly. "I don't care where we live as long as we're together. I can work at either ranch and make good money. I think you'd be surprised what I already have in the bank. I reckon if you and I would have done things like a normal couple, we would have talked about things like this already. Darlin' you don't ever have to work. If being a fulltime mother is somethin' that you've thought about, I want you to know that I am all for it. Of course it would benefit me to come home to a nice dinner every night."

I thought about my marriage to Rick and how he expected dinner, even after I had worked a full eight to ten hours. "I like working. Rick never let me have my money, so it would be nice to have a job and have money to buy myself things. I have also always wanted to be a mother, so when this little one comes out, I might not ever want to leave her."

"Him."

"You say boy, I say girl. I guess we will see in about four months."

"No, we are rescheduling you another sonogram with Van's doctor. I can't wait another minute to see what we're havin'." I was starting to worry that Conner was hoping so much for a boy that he was setting himself up for disappointment.

I started to laugh. "Fine. We can have the sonogram. Then you can tell me the names that you like."

He shook his head and laughed. "Maybe."

I felt horrible for how I had treated him, but Conner followed me into the shower and held me in his arms like it had never happened. He washed my hair and wrapped me in towel, then laid me down in the bed. By the time he crawled in beside me, I was already scooting into his loving arms. Nobody else had ever seen this side of Conner and I appreciated how special it was.

His large palms covered my belly. As I laid there and tried to relax, I could feel tiny movement. Conner buried his face into my hair. "There is a little me inside of you, Blaze."

"I think I'm already in love with it. It doesn't matter what it is as long as it's healthy."

"You know my grandmother had six fingers on each hand. It was some kind of genetic abnormality."

I sat up and looked over at him. "Are you serious?"

His laughter could probably be heard from the next room over. "Nah, she only had five, but you should have seen your face. Damn woman, you are so easy to mess with."

I propped myself up on my elbow and gave him a dirty look. "I think we should call Heather."

Conner sat right up out of bed. "Fuck no!"

"Hear me out, Conner. She came to warn me. I hate her just as much as you do. Actually I am pretty sure I hate her even more than you. It's just that a part of me feels bad for her. Rick played her too, in some ways. Sure, she shouldn't have gotten involved with the ass**le, but she did. Now her life is in danger, too. I think we need to make sure she is still alive, at least."

Conner rolled on his back and rubbed his face. "I don't give a shit what she did. I ain't doin' a thing for her."

"I gave her money. She was driving around in her car with a window busted out. The poor girl left her house with the clothes on her back. I gave her the cash I had in the safe."

"I can't believe you gave her money. What were you thinkin'?" He paced around the room. "You don't help her, not ever. Do you understand?"

I got up on my knees and looked right at him. "Conner Healy, don't you dare tell me what to do! She came to warn me about Rick and had I not been so upset about everything, I could have been in that salon today. I love you and I respect you, but I can make my own decisions."

"Like goin' to work when your lunatic ex is trying to harm you? Yeah, you make great f**kin' decisions." He walked over and grabbed his jeans and pulled them on without his boxers. Then he grabbed his shirt and pulled it over his head. "I can't believe you could be so stupid, Amy."

"What are you doing?"

He was grabbing his boots and sliding them on his feet. "I need to take a walk before I say somethin' I might regret."

"Conner wait!" I ran towards the door, just as he was closing it. I wasn't wearing any clothes to be able to run after him. By the time I got dressed and ran outside, he was pulling away in his truck. I grabbed my phone and tried to call him, but it kept going to voicemail.

Conner, please come back to the hotel. I am so sorry. Please don't leave me here alone. I won't call Heather, I promise. Just come back to me.

He had to come back for me. I didn't even know where I was.

Chapter 18

Conner

Yeah, I probably shouldn't have left her there like that, but I was pissed off. How could she think that communicating with Heather was a good idea? Right away my phone started ringing. I knew it was Amy, I just chose to ignore her. Both of us were too stubborn to admit one was wrong and with everything going on, I figure it would be best to walk away and cool down, instead of taking my frustrations out on her.

I was only gone for about fifteen minutes and I didn't really leave the parking lot. I pulled my truck around back and just sat there. Back before I met Amy I had a bad temper. I had learned to control it, but sometimes, if things frustrated me enough, it would send me over the edge.

Heather was a big problem for me. Yes, I'd slept with her to gain her trust and get information to save my sisters marriage. I don't regret what I did, because every single time I look at one of those three kids and see how happy they are, I know it was worth it. The only part I regret was the part where it had hurt Amy. You have to understand, I wasn't used to being responsible for other people's feelings. Amy was the first real relationship I had ever had. She was different from all the others, but I still somehow took that for granted.

At the time, we weren't exactly in a situation to call what we had a relationship. It was more an affair. It wasn't like Amy could be with me when I wanted her to. My fight then had only just begun. A part of me did think that sleeping with Heather would finally set Amy over the edge enough for her to want to leave her husband for good. Little did I know he would turn out to be a complete whack job.

After the truth all came out, I made it clear to Heather just how much I hated her. I told her to stay away from my family. Maybe she didn't understand that Amy was included in that threat. By that time, Heather was already involved with Rick and I was sure she soon found out that Amy was involved with me. I don't know how she figured things out. Maybe Rick was just using her for some sick master plan? We may never know, and I really didn't care, either. If both of them were to get hit by trucks, it wouldn't have bothered me in the least.

Even if what she was claiming to Amy was the truth, I still didn't want to reach my hand out and do something nice for the girl. Maybe I was an ass**le in Amy's eyes. I didn't really give a damn. She needed to understand that you can't dance with the devil for free. There are always consequences. It wasn't a coincidence that as soon as she went to see Amy, the salon was being vandalized. Either she was in on it, or Rick was following her too.

Secrets were coming out about the man and the more people learned, the more danger Amy was putting herself in. It was my job to protect her and that was just what I planned on doing. After I waited long enough, I pulled back around front and made my way back to our room. I knocked and waited for Amy to let me inside. I saw her checking out the window before I heard the door opening. She didn't even wait for me to get all the way inside when she threw her arms around me. I could tell that she had been crying and immediately I felt like a dick.

"I am so sorry, Conner."

I wrapped my arms tightly around her. "Nah, I'm the one who should be sorry. I lost my temper. I just didn't want to argue with you, so I walked away. If it means anything, I parked out back and sat in my truck. I couldn't just leave you like that."

She backed away and smacked me on my chest. "Jerk! I thought you really left me here."

I laughed. "Seriously? You think I would do that?"

"I don't know. All I know is that you got mad and you left. Do you have any idea how bad my marriage was? It was so bad for so long. Do you know I couldn't have my own money? I couldn't go anywhere without permission. I wasn't allowed to ask what Rick was doing or who he was doing it with. I was his little slave. As far as what you're capable of, well, you will have to forgive me, because I have no idea what you could be capable of. I clearly have terrible character judgment when it comes to men. I just want this all to be over with. I'm tired of feeling this way."

Her phone started to ring and we both turned in its direction.

Amy walked over and answered it with the speaker option. Her worst fear was on the other end.

Hello?

Do I have you scared yet, bitch?

I walked over and grabbed the phone out of her hand. Listen here you mother f**ker. The police are lookin' for you. They know what you did to the salon.

No! You listen here, kid. I will find Amy and when I'm done with her, they won't be able to identify her body. She took everything from me and she is going to pay. All she had to do was listen, but no, she had to run out and get herself knocked up by some little redneck.

This redneck is a better man than you could ever be. You won't get near her. You hear me? I will kill you with my bare hands if you even try to come near her.

Enjoy your time together. It isn't going to last.

A loud dial tone was the next thing I heard. The bastard had hung up. Amy sat down on the bed and started crying. I reached over and touched her shoulder. "Get your shit together. We ain't stayin' here tonight. I need to get you home to Kentucky. My aunt has the best security system money can buy. You will be safe at the ranch. Besides, I need to get my hands on my rifle."

"Conner, I don't want you walking around with a gun. My God, what in the hell is our life turning into?"

Maybe I shouldn't have mentioned the gun. "I am just tryin' to keep you safe. I ain't goin' to use it, not unless I have to."

I grabbed my phone out of my pocket and called Ty.

Hey man, you alright?

Yeah, we stopped at a hotel, but I just decided we are going to just head to the ranch tonight. I just got a call from Rick. He's still threatenin' her. I was just callin' to make sure ya'll are safe.

Yeah, yeah. We're fine, dude. Your sister is still in a bitchy mood, but we are all fine. I pulled Amy's car into the barn so it looks like neither of you are here anymore. I'll call and check on my parents, but I'm sure they're fine too. I guess you guys didn't catch the news?

No. Why?

They did a story on the salon. You believe that shit? They had photos of the scene and even listed a picture of Rick, asking anyone that knew his whereabouts to come forward.

Damn. All this after the police said they couldn't help us.

I think they may have changed their minds.

They need to get out there and find this ass**le.

Yeah, they really do.

Alright, bro. I'll call you tomorrow.

Later, dude.

I sat down next to Amy and grabbed her by the hand. "The news did a story on the salon bein' vandalized. They asked anyone with information on Rick's whereabouts to come forward."

"Fat chance of that happening. His best friend is named Jack Daniels." She handed me her phone. I sent a text to my step-daughter. I don't know if she will talk to me, but I have a feeling that she can piece together some information that we don't know. I really don't want to throw her under a bus, but something has got to be done. I can't live my life worrying if some crazy man is coming to hurt me."

"You shouldn't have to. It really pisses me off that the police haven't caught up with him yet. Did they even try his old place of employment?" I wanted that f**ker caught, so Amy and I could get back to planning our future.

When Amy's phone started to ring, I noticed that the number was blocked. I didn't even give her a second to think about answering.

Look here, you common mother f**ker, you need to turn yourself in, before this gets ugly.

Conner? Conner, it's Heather.

What the hell? You have two seconds to tell me what you want or I am hangin' up.

I am in real trouble here. I have no place to go. He said he was going to kill me. I shouldn't have gone back to my house, but I wanted to try to get some things and at least leave my mother a note. He was there, Conner. I saw him force his way into my house. He hit my mother.

Call the police.

I did. While I was on the phone, he saw me in my car. I think I lost him, but there is no telling. Please, you have to help me. I am so scared.

Amy was looking at me, waiting for me to say something. The phone was loud enough that she could hear what Heather was saying. As much as I hated doing it, I knew what had to be done.

Take the highway about a hundred miles out. There will be a diner on the right hand side. Make sure you ain't followed and call this number when you get there.

Oh, thank you so much, Conner. I know you don't want to help me.

You're right, I don't. But my girlfriend thinks that it's the right thing to do. I will tell you this. If this is some kind of setup, Rick won't be the only person you are runnin' from. You hear that?

Yes. Loud and clear.

I hung up the phone and tossed it into Amy's lap. "This is a terrible idea."

"We don't even know what has that man so angry. What could he be trying to prevent us from finding? Obviously, we have to be close to something, or else he would just back off. This thing with that first wife has to be the key."

Now she wanted to be her own detective. This was getting out of hand. "This ain't a Scooby Doo cartoon, Amy. This is some real shit and we need to leave it up to the cops to find out. I don't understand how you leavin' has created this spiral. He treated you like ass. It makes no sense."

She grabbed my hand. "That is why we need to find out. He is obviously hiding something. What if he's done something so terrible that it would put him away for the rest of his life?"

I shook my head. There was no stopping this woman. She was going to pursue this with or without me.

"There ain't no way I am drivin' a van with flowers and wearing a ascot. I'm just tellin' you that right now." Sure, it was meant to lighten the ill feeling I was having, but at least I got Amy to smile. We were in over our heads and I feared that the worst was yet to come.

"I guess that makes me the red head you have the hots for?" She finally giggled.

"Pretty much."

Chapter 19

Amy

Conner and I loaded our bags into the truck and checked out of our room. He wanted to get on the road and be close for when Heather called us back. We pulled into a parking lot near the diner. It had a couple of tractor trailers parked where I assumed the drivers were resting.

"I really hate that we are meeting that bitch."

"I do too, but none of this would be happening if it wasn't for my being married to Rick."

"I'm goin' to give her the number to a friend of mine. After that, we don't have to deal with her anymore. Why don't you lay down in the backseat and try to get some sleep? I'm going to call my farmin' buddy and let him know that he's goin' to have a guest. That bitch better be grateful for this. It's the last favor she will ever get from my family."

I watched Conner climb out of the truck and get on his phone. I could hear him talking to someone. He didn't give the guy any real details involving us, just basically that he had a friend in trouble that needed a place to crash. I climbed over the front seat and into the back. Conner's bag served as a good enough pillow and I used his coat to cover myself up. I was over exhausted from everything that was happening and knew the baby needed me to take better care of myself. Maybe Conner had been right about things.

I didn't fall asleep until after he had climbed back into the truck. He leaned against his window and put his hat over his face. Once I heard him snoring, it was easier for me to fall asleep. Somehow, the reminder of him being so close gave me the security to know it was okay to rest.

I wasn't sure how long I had been asleep, but I woke up to Conner saying my name.

"Amy, wake up, darlin'."

I sat up and rubbed my eyes. "What time is it?"

"Two in the morning."

I looked around the parking lot. A few more trucks were parked. "She should have called us by now. What if something happened to her?"

"Maybe she realized that askin' us for help was the wrong thing to do."

I raised my eyebrow. "We aren't turning our backs on her. This isn't about what she's done to all of us. We are good people and we are going to do the right thing."

He put his head on the steering wheel. "Damn, woman, did you have to play that card?"

"Obviously, I did."

He looked around the parking lot. "Well, I ain't waitin' here any longer. If she calls, you can just give her my friend's address. We need to get on the road and get you a nice bed to sleep in." I didn't argue with him when he started his truck and pulled out of the parking lot. I looked out the window, feeling guilty about leaving even Heather without helping her.

A couple hours later we were pulling up at the magnificent ranch. Conner drove us straight to his mother's house and much to our surprise she wasn't home. We went right in and got comfortable in his room.

"Are you worried about your mother?"

He climbed into bed next to me. "Nah, she spends the night at John's sometimes. It's probably better that she wasn't home. She may have thought we were an intruder and tried to shoot our asses."

I was sure the look on my face was priceless. "That would have just been an unbelievable story. Guy brings his pregnant girlfriend home and the mother shoots them."

He put his arms behind his head and started laughing. "She's a shitty shot. I'm sure it would only be flesh wounds."

I rolled over and tried to ignore his crappy joke. There were some things that weren't that funny. Being mistaken for breaking and entering wasn't exactly something I made a habit of doing.

The next morning we were awakened by Conner's mother knocking on his bedroom door. I think she thought that we'd been fighting and he came home to get away from me. "Conner, what's going on? What happened with Amy... you're here...together?"

We both sat up and looked at each other and then back to his mother. "Of course she's here with me. I wouldn't come without her."

She shook her head. "I didn't mean to imply...I just assumed that since you must have come in the middle of the night, something had to be wrong."

I wanted to explain myself, but Conner didn't give me a chance to start. He stood up from the bed and grabbed his jeans. Apparently, he wasn't bothered by his mother seeing him in his underwear. "Let's go in the other room and let Amy sleep. I can explain everything in there."

Conner leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. "Go back to sleep, darlin'. You're safe now."

It was easy falling asleep and by the time that I woke up, I found Conner and his mother in the kitchen. They were sitting at the table with coffee cups and what was left of their breakfast in front of them. I could immediately smell the syrup, even before I saw the remnants on the plates. "Good morning. Would you like some pancakes, sweetheart?"

Conner's mother was so sweet. Her voice was always so gentle. From the first time I met her, I knew why Conner and Miranda loved her so much. She was the kind of mother that anyone would want. The kind of mother that would never abandon her children.

I sat down at the table. "Yes, that would be perfect."

Miss Karen got up and opened the microwave to reveal a large stack of pancakes. I could feel my mouth watering when I thought about just how good they were going to taste. He handed me a plate with a fork and a knife. "I added bananas and nuts. Conner said you would like them."

I smiled and started spreading the butter and syrup on them. "Oh, I will. Who doesn't love pancakes?"

They let me take a couple bites of heaven before they started talking about our problems.

"So, Conner told me all about what was going on. How are you dealing with things?"

I shrugged and swallowed my food before answering. "I don't even know. Conner's being great." I looked over at him and smiled. "It's just that I hate how I've dragged him into this mess. All I wanted to do was get out of my marriage and now I am being hunted down by some crazy person that I lived with for years. How could I have not known that he was like that?"

She reached her hand across the table and grabbed mine. "Here's the thing. We never know when someone is going to lose their mind. After what Conner told me, that man has had a screw loose for a long time. No one blames you for wanting to leave a man that enjoys hurting women. I can't imagine how petrified you were, Amy."

I hated thinking about it anymore. The details were still so familiar. I remember the way he smelled, the way his hands felt when they touched me and the way he looked at me like I was a piece of property. "If he wasn't in control, he wasn't happy. There were times when I feared for my life, but I never thought that he would ever try to hunt me down and intentionally commit murder. I think he's capable of it. I know it sounds horrible, but I really do."

She squeezed my hand again. "Conner did the right thing bringing you here. Not only does the main house have an excellent security system, but this house is tucked back behind everything else. A stranger would never be able to find this place. Even Conner's friends could never find it on their own. That man won't find you here."

I smiled, but felt horrible. What kind of parent wants their only son hooked up with someone with this much baggage? "I'm so sorry about all of this."

"Amy, I don't blame you one bit. Listen, if it makes you feel any better, John and I are spending more time at his house. He keeps begging me to move in with him anyway. If I did that, then you two could stay here and have the house all to yourselves. I don't know how long you are planning on staying, but feel free to make Miranda's old room a nursery for the baby. I'd love to help you do it."

Conner had a big smile on face when I looked over at him. "Is this what you talked about while I was asleep?"

"Maybe."

I looked back at his mother. "I would never want you to leave your home for us."

"Are you kidding. John is going to be so happy. Hell, he will probably do anything that you ask him. That man has been begging me for this for too long."

Conner stood up from the table and cleared their two plates. He knew not to touch mine since I was devouring the pancakes. "I was thinkin' that when you were done eatin' we could take the golf cart over to Colt's and let him know we're back. He's goin' to have to rearrange some duties for me to be able to work full time here again. Van would probably enjoy seein' you."

"Sounds like a plan. I'm just warning you, I maybe a while. I'm thinking of getting seconds."

He leaned over and kissed the side of my head. "You go on with your bad yourself. My boy needs to eat. I want his Momma to be fat and happy."

I ended up eating five pancakes with extra butter and syrup. They tasted so delicious. Conner's mother left shortly after breakfast, but not before hugging me and letting me know that she was glad Conner and I were there.

After getting cleaned up, we hopped on the golf cart and made our ways to Colt and Van's place. Noah was outside playing with the dog. He ran toward us as we approached. "Hey. What are you guys doin' here?"

I climbed off and gave him a hug. "Didn't you miss us?"

He shrugged. "Is Bella here, too?"

Conner leaned down and slapped the little guy five. "Not this time. Where's your parents, bud? I need to talk to your dad."

"They are in the house."

After having to explain the whole situation again to Colt, we sat there waiting for his response. "So you think this guy is goin' to come here?"

"No. Even if he does come looking, he won't find this place. He would search for Conner's last name, not yours. Besides, he is in a lot of trouble. Rick isn't an idiot. He will lay low for a while. The last thing he wants is to get caught."

Colt looked over to Van. I could tell he wasn't happy. "Here is the thing. A couple years back we doubted what someone was capable of. Savanna and I lost a child because of it. Now I know you're pregnant and that you need to be safe. I'd never turn my back on my family, but I can't have my wife and kids in any kind of danger."

"I would never want that either. Would you rather us go somewhere else?" Conner gave me a dirty look. He wasn't going to be happy if Colt said yes.

"No, I don't want you to leave. You and that baby are family now. Get yourselves settled. We can talk more about things later."

Conner and Colt went outside to talk about work, while I stayed behind with Van. "I'm so sorry we had to come here. I feel like Colt hates me."

Van picked up Christian and carried her away from the front door. She had followed the guys to the door when they walked outside. "He doesn't hate you. This all just reminds us of a time that we don't like to think about. I'm sure you know the story about Bella's birth father."

"My God, Van, I am so sorry. I didn't even think about that." I felt like such a piece of shit.

"Amy, it's fine. This isn't your fault. You and Conner have a baby on the way. You need to be safe and happy. It will be good that you're here. I get lonely sometimes."

Her words made me feel better. "Really? You are okay with it? Because, I really like it here. It's so beautiful and quiet."

She pulled me in for a hug. "Everything is going to be fine. Worrying is bad for the baby. I guess I have a lot to teach you," she teased.

I had been planning on getting all of my advice from Miranda. As much as I was happy to have a friend here, it made me miss my best friend. "That would be nice. I better go back to Conner's to call Miranda and let her know we're alright. I left my cell phone there."

Van started chasing after Christian again. She was funny when she tried to move fast with her big belly. "I'll just see you later then."

"Yeah, I'll stop by later."

Maybe everything was going to be alright after all.

Chapter 20

Conner

There was something about being back home that made things easier. After talking to Colt, it was clear that he was a little leery about Amy and I bringing our problems to Kentucky. He didn't tell us we had to leave, not that I was going to take no for an answer. My mother would have gone to his mother and they would have sided with me and Amy.

After a few days things started to go smoother. Amy kept in touch with Miranda every day. She spent her afternoons with Van, looking for ideas for the nursery. My mother pretty much moved in with John immediately. I think she just needed that push to make her finally do it.

Every night we would check the internet for news on the police finding Rick, but nothing was ever there.

It took us about a week, but we were able to get an appointment to see a local doctor. It was the same obstetrician that Van used, so Amy took having to switch doctors better. It wasn't like she had a good relationship with the one at home anyway. Aside from her initial appointment, she hadn't been to her again.

They decided to do a sonogram right away, which was exactly what we were hoping for. I was dying to learn the sex of the baby and Amy just wanted to make sure that our baby only had five fingers on each hand. I told her it was a joke, but she said after I had told her that story, she dreamed that our child had six fingers.

I don't know who was more nervous when the doctor rolled the device over Amy's belly. She was hooked up to a monitor that let us hear the heartbeat. Just knowing that it was our baby's heart, almost brought tears to my eyes. I held onto Amy's hand while we waited for the doctor to tell us what we were seeing on the monitor.

She pointed to the screen. "This is the head." She moved the device to another position. "Arms and fingers."

While we were watching we could see the baby moving it's fingers. It was amazing.

She repositioned again. "Did you all want to know the sex?"

"Yes," We both said at the same time. I looked at Amy and laughed with her.

"Just give me a second. This little one is being secretive. He or she has their leg in the way."

The poor woman tried for a good five minutes, but our baby had its legs tucked in a way that made it impossible to see what was between the legs. "I'm sorry folks. This little one doesn't want me to see."

Sure, it was disappointing. Amy really wanted to know so she could start decorating the nursery. I just wanted to know.

In the next month Amy talked to her father on a day to day basis. She had convinced him to come visit whenever the boys got out of school. Amy's belly really started to pop out and luckily she was able to wear the maternity clothes that Van had grown out of. Since they were only about a month apart, they spent a lot of time together. Plus, I think Amy used little Christian as her practice baby. She had no real experience with a newborn and seemed to be getting more and more nervous about it.

It took us both a while to finally feel like we were safe. Amy and I moved into my mother's old room and started working on the nursery. We picked a neutral set that would be fine for a girl or a boy.

Colt ordered double the amount of cattle since he had an extra hand. It meant double the work, but the pay would be worth it. Since we were able to live rent free, I was banking every paycheck. I had to put the construction of the North Carolina house on hold and seriously considered backing out of the whole plan. Amy seemed content where we were. She loved to sit outside at night and take walks out to the old willow tree.

All the ladies had their own card night and they even started reading the same books just to have things to talk about. I loved seeing her smile most of all. When I came home at night, my dinner was on the table, but unlike her past relationship, I paid her with passionate kisses and even washed the dishes.

We were living like a real couple would and everything felt so right about it. Being with Amy made my life make sense.

One night, after a long day, I came in and washed my hands for dinner. Amy was just setting the table and I could smell meatloaf through the whole house. I'd no sooner sat down at the table when my phone started ringing. I ignored the first call, but after the third, I had no choice but to see what could be that important.

The number was unlisted, but I picked it up anyway.

Hello?

Conner, it's Heather.

What do you want?

We need to talk.

I'm listenin'.

I can't tell you over the phone. Listen I am in West Virginia. I think there is something here you might want to see.

Like what?

More like a who. I found Rick's ex-wife. I have a feeling that she didn't leave him like he said.

Why?

Can you get here or not?

I guess. I'm going to need to get Amy on board. Can we come in the mornin'?

Yeah. I will text you the address of where we can meet.

Amy came in and sat the meat down on the table. She stood up straight and looked right at me. "What was that about?"

I took off my hat and sat it down on the floor. My mother never let me eat a meal with a hat on my head. "That was Heather."

Amy sat down and looked right at me. "What did she want? Did something happen?"

I held up my hands. "I don't really know. She said she found Rick's second wife and asked if we could get to West Virginia."

"Well what did you say?"

I passed her my plate and watched as she filled it with hot food. "I told her we couldn't get there until tomorrow."

"So, now you want to trust her?" She handed me back my plate and gave me a weird look.

"I don't trust her, but if she knows somethin', I think it is important for us to find out. She wouldn't call unless it was somethin' crazy."

"What if it's a setup?"

"You want me to go alone, Blaze?" I knew she didn't. Just thinking about me being with Heather made her cringe.

"No. Look, Heather is running from Rick too. I know she wants to get back to her life. It isn't like she had a big old ranch to go live at."

She had a point, but after not hearing from Heather on the night she literally disappeared, she wasn't exactly earning our trust the old fashion way. "Here is how I see it. For the past month everything has been great for us. We can either stay here and not go out to meet Heather and never find out or take the chance of figuring out exactly what has this dude so f**king crazy. Wouldn't you like to never have to deal with him again? I know I would. I don't want to have to watch my kids back the whole time they are growing up, Amy."

"Then I guess we can leave after dinner. The sooner we get this over with, the better."

We got on the road about an hour later. We could have just waited until morning, but the anticipation of knowing was killing the both of us. I think Amy just wanted a way out. By law she had to be legally separated for at least a year before filing for divorce. I wasn't beggin' her to jump into another marriage, but it would be nice for her to have the same name as me and our child.

Halfway there, I could tell she was nervous. "I should have left you home."

"I wouldn't have let you. This is too important!" She was going to argue with me every day for the rest of our lives. It was something that I was totally prepared for.

"We have another two hours to go. Do you need to get out and rest your legs, darlin'?" Amy was always holding her belly. She said the baby moved around all the time and it always made her have to go to the bathroom.

"Yeah, that would be good. Your child does not like car rides."

"He will when he is sixteen. Did I ever tell you about the day I turned sixteen and got my license?" The story was probably going to drive her crazy, but it was my past and it was an awesome experience that I wanted to share with her. We were pretty much past the jealousy, but sometimes, given the right mood, Amy would get all emotional. Still, she needed something to get her mind off of where we were going.

"No. Am I going to like this story?"

"Probably not, but I'm goin' to tell you anyway." I cleared my throat and grabbed Amy's hand. I found that when I talked about other girls, she felt more confident when I was reminding her that she ended up with the grand prize. "So, the day I turned sixteen, my uncle Mitch took me out to get my license. We took this old ass beat up Chevy that barely ran. I managed to pass, so after we got my picture taken and waited for my license, my uncle let me drive back to the ranch. When we got back he decided he was going to send me out to pick up a load of hay. I jumped in the truck all excited about havin' a real license. I'd been drivin' around illegally since I was fourteen, so it was a big deal. While on the way to pick up the hay, I decided to stop by this girl's house. She lived like ten miles down the road and her Daddy raised pigs. I remember how bad it always smelled when you pulled up to her farm. Anyway, so I pull up in this big ass truck and she comes out. For the first time neither of her parents were home. We snuck up to her room and started getting' it on."

"Conner, I don't want to know."

I laughed. "Just listen. So anyway, we're messin' around and we hear this truck startin' up. I look outside and saw her Daddy walking toward the house. I got my pants pulled up and heard him comin' inside. He yelled up to me to warn me that I was as dead as the animals mounted on his walls. I climbed out the window and made a runnin' jump to the back of the truck. I woke up in the ambulance as they were drivin' me to the hospital. You see, her Daddy knew I would run from him, so he climbed in my truck and moved it. When I jumped, I just assumed I would land in the bed of the truck. Instead, I landed on the hard ground. I broke my leg, knocked myself out and busted both of my elbows wide open. Needless to say, I got my ass punished, my license taken away and I was never allowed to see that girl again."

Amy started laughing. "That is hilarious!"

"So, I am just sayin', I think our kid will learn to like car rides."

"That story had nothing to do with driving a vehicle, Conner."

I squeezed her hand and made her look at me. "Maybe not, but it sure as hell was funny."

I kept telling Amy stories until we arrived at the little restaurant where Heather told us to meet her. When I turned off the truck, Amy and I just sat there for a minute. "Let me go in and make sure she's alone. You hang onto that phone. If I don't come out in ten minutes, you call the cops and keep the doors locked. If it seems okay, I will come out and get you."

She nodded and leaned over to kiss me. "I love you."

"I love you, too. Stop worryin', Blaze. I ain't goin' to let anything happen to you."

When I got out of the truck I waited for her to lock the door before I proceeded into the place to locate Heather. I had no idea what to expect, but I feared the worst, just in case.

Chapter 21

Amy

Driving all this way to meet someone that we didn't even know if we could trust, wasn't exactly how I had planned my evening. Things were going so good for us. We had settled into living in Kentucky. Each day of my pregnancy was spent preparing for the baby's arrival. I thought it was going to be a girl and Conner insisted that it was going to be a boy. I was certain that, as long as it was healthy, it just didn't matter.

I actually enjoyed living in Kentucky. It was so beautiful and aside from girls Conner's age, everyone in town was very welcoming. Colt's mother and Van took me to a salon one day and introduced me to a couple of the stylists. They were very kind and said that if I decided to go back to work they would rent me out a chair.

I think just knowing that if I wanted to work I had a job set my mind at ease. We didn't have a house payment, since the house had long been paid for. Conner was able to save almost everything and I never worried that he wouldn't be able to provide for our family.

We'd bought all sorts of things for the nursery, but couldn't agree on a theme. Conner wanted all John Deere stuff, but without knowing the sex, I couldn't decorate in the boys green and yellow, or the girls pink version.

There wasn't one single day that past that I didn't wonder when Rick was going to come along and spoil my happiness. Each moment I would feel overwhelmed in bliss, I always had to stop and wonder just how long it would last.

One thing that I really enjoyed was how close the family was. I'd seen Ty and Miranda interacting with his parents, but this part of the family was exactly the same way. We still had dinners together and before each meal we prayed. For some reason, every single time I saw Conner fold his hand and close his eyes, my heart fell in love with him even more. My rough cowboy had a passionate side. He knew what his life stood for and he appreciated what he had.

Conner seldom complained. He worked long, hard hours and then came home and spent time with me. Our routine was repetitive, but we liked things that way. I never thought I would get used to being with a farmer. Now I thought it was the perfect job. Conner was always somewhere close. He never had to ask permission to do things. I knew that when our baby came, he was going to be by my side the whole time.

I was starting to get scared about the delivery part. It didn't help that Miranda reminded daily of how bad it hurt. Knowing that she had survived such a terrible labor didn't exactly make it easier not to worry. I had faith that everything was going to be okay.

As I sat outside waiting for Conner, I was more nervous than ever.

Conner came walking out a few minutes later with Heather walking behind him. She had cut her hair even shorter and kept it a dark brown. When they got up to the window, I rolled it down. Conner leaned inside of it. "Here's the plan. Heather is goin' to ride with us to another place. She wants us to believe that she is here alone."

I nodded.

After unlocking the door, Heather climbed in the back. Once Conner was back into the driver's seat, we pulled out of the parking lot. I turned around to face Heather. "What happened to you that night? We waited for hours."

She put her head down. "I couldn't ask you to help me, Amy. I've done too much to Conner's family to be able to do that. I drove all night long and finally came to a town in Maryland the next morning. Once I was there, I went into the library and used their computers to search Rick's ex-wife. Her family was from Virginia and she still had some living there. With nothing to lose, I used the last of my gas money and drove there."

I couldn't wait to hear what she found out.

"Once I got there, it wasn't exactly easy to approach them. The family ran this bed and breakfast, so I acted like I was just looking for a place to stay. I knew I couldn't use my credit card, so I had to find a way to pay for a room. When they didn't ask me to pay until my stay was over, I figured that I could just sneak out and not have to pay."

"There was this guy there, who worked around the grounds. Right away I knew it was Rick's son. He looked just like him. After sleeping for a while, I walked outside to get some air and he was there. He had snuck a bottle out of the kitchen and was drinking it by himself. We made quick friends and after finishing off a bottle, you can imagine where we ended up."

I put my hand over my mouth and I was sure my eyes were huge. Conner made a chuckle sound, but said nothing else. "You slept with Rick's son?"

"Don't even try to judge me right now. It happened. I regretted it the next morning, but after he learned I was on the run, he took care of me. He got me something to eat and talked his aunt into letting me work there. I was so scared and he was just there, offering me a safe place to stay. For the first time in over a month, I felt like I was able to sleep without looking behind my back."

I tried to think about what it was like for Heather. She didn't have someone like Conner to make her feel safe and take her somewhere else to live. No, Heather gave up her whole life and was on the run from my psycho ex. "So, what is his son like?"

She smiled. "He's great. He goes to college and still works for his parents. He calls his aunt and uncle his parents and from what I gather, he doesn't know that they aren't his real parents. If he does, then he is proud to have been adopted by them. They have a beautiful place that they live in and are the kindest people I have ever met."

"Heather, have you been living there this whole time?"

She shrugged. "Yeah. Please don't say anything. I can tell you think I'm a whore. Jessie is different than other guys. I know he is younger than me, but look at the two of you. You make it work."

"So you're a couple? You are in a relationship with Rick's biological son?"

Heather pulled out her phone and brought up a picture. "This is Jessie. He saved my life and I fell in love with him."

I grabbed her phone and looked at the resemblance for myself. It was uncanny. He had his arms wrapped around Heather and was looking into her eyes. "Does he know who you really are? Have you told him why you ended up at his parent's place?"

She stuck the phone back into her purse. "No. I tried to tell him so many times. He does know that I was running for an abusive ex. I told him everything except who the guy was. You can judge me for that, but I just want to be happy. I left my family and my friends and there he was, protecting me and taking me into his life like I belonged there."

I reached over and stuck my hand over Conner's leg. "I know how easy it is to fall in love with someone. My whole life changed the day I met Conner."

Heather leaned back against the backseat. A smile formed in the corner of her cheek. "How far along are you now?"

"Six and a half months. We are due in May."

"I used to never want children. For the longest time, I was so in love with Ty that he was all I could think about. I was obsessed with him. I know now how it wasn't healthy, but at the time, it was all I lived for. I was willing to do anything for him to want me too. I made a lot of mistakes and then that thing with Rick happened. It was like I had to prove that I could have anyone I wanted. Conner is the person who made me wake up and see what I'd become. I really was starting to like him and had even told Rick that I wanted to stop seeing him. I thought that if I had a chance with Conner, it would finally end my addiction to Tyler Mitchell."

I think Conner shocked both of us when he chimed into the conversation he had been so quiet, just driving and listening. "I ain't sorry for what I did, either. You deserved exactly what your little ass got."

I almost felt bad for how rude Conner was being. I understood why, but it was just uncomfortable.

"Maybe we should just get back on task. You obviously found something out. We've been driving for a long time, so why don't you tell us what we came to hear."

"I found Rick's second wife. You are not going to believe this unless you see it for yourself."

Suddenly, I started to realize that whatever Heather found out had to be big. I never would have thought it was possible, but she may have a way for us to not have to hide anymore. "Tell us."

"I want to tell you everything, but it would be better if I let her explain it. When I told her about what was going on, she insisted that I get you here as soon as possible. I wouldn't have called you otherwise." Heather crossed her arms over her chest. She looked so different now. Being on the run had taken a toll on her appearance.

"Where do we need to drive to? I ain't driving around all damn night. Amy needs to get some sleep." Conner was so cold when he spoke to Heather.

"There is a hotel a few miles from the woman's house. Why don't we get some rooms and rest up for tomorrow, Heather suggested.

'Sounds like a plan to me," Conner finally agreed.

We pulled up at the hotel and Conner got out to book our room. Since he didn't trust her, he thought it would be best to share a room. I don't think he realized how uncomfortable it was going to be for all of us. As we made our way into the room, we all three looked at each other. "We're all here to get some sleep. It's for one damn night. I don't feel like hearin' either of you complain. Just get into bed and go to sleep." Conner kissed me on top of the head and walked back outside. I ran to the door and followed him. "Where are you going?"

"I was goin' to sleep in my truck."

"Why? Do you really think it's best to leave me alone with Heather?" I couldn't believe what he was saying.

He started laughing. "Calm down, Blaze. I forgot my bag. I was comin' right back."

Yeah, I felt like an idiot for thinking he would leave me. "Oh, okay."

He pointed in the direction of the room. "Get your ass back in that room before you catch a cold. I'll be right there."

I walked back to the room and took a deep breath before going in. I didn't think I was going to be able to sleep, not with Heather being in the room with us, even though I was exhausted.

"Amy, thanks for coming. I know Conner hates my guts. I don't blame either of you for that. I made my bed. I deserve to have nothing."

Heather was sitting on the edge of one of the beds. I sat down on the one across from her and looked right at her. "Heather, I can't speak for Conner or anyone in his family, but I hate that you got dragged into my Hell. That bastard played us both. I can see the fear in your eyes and I recognize it because I live with that same fear every single day." I grabbed my belly and started to rub it. "I have a real chance at a future with someone who loves me. The Bible says that we should forgive, even the worst of sinners. I forgive you, Heather. I will never forget what you did, but I can try to forgive you."

Heather started to cry. She buried her face into her hands. "You don't know how much that means to me. I swear that I've changed Amy. I know that family would never give me a second chance, but I appreciate that you would. I will do whatever it takes to help find Rick and get him locked up. I want to be able to see my family again. My God, the last time I saw my mother, she was being thrown to the floor by that bastard. You don't know awful it was to see that and keep running. I miss them so much."

I could feel the tears forming in my own eyes. I grabbed Heather's hand. "We are both going to get our lives back."

She nodded, but continued to cry.

Conner was going to be mad at me, but Heather and I had more in common than he understood. I was living the same way she had been.

A life in fear.

It was time for it to end.

Chapter 22

Conner

When I got back into the room, the girls were holding hands like old friends. I wanted to walk back out and then in again to see if I wasn't just imagining it. They separated once they saw my dirty look and both climbed into bed without saying anything. After using the facilities, I climbed into bed next to Amy and wrapped my arms around her. Amy was already half asleep, while the baby was wide awake and moving all around. I kept my hand placed right on her stomach and fell asleep with my family in my arms.

The next morning we all got up and got showered. Heather had a small book bag with her, while Amy and I had packed a whole change of clothes and other things we needed. We got on the road at about nine and within a couple minutes were pulling up to a nice size single family home.

Amy and Heather were being cordial to each other. It pissed me off, but I wasn't exactly in a place to be saying anything about it. I knew they had both been scared for a long time. I didn't blame them for having that in common.

We all three got out of the car and went up to a large red front door. The sign above it read Silverman. Heather stepped in front of us, which made sense since she already had met the woman. The lady was nothing like I expected. She was tall and lean with long blonde hair. From far away I could see where she would have been mistaken for someone much younger. The woman must have had a lot of work done on her face and probably more parts of her body.

"Good morning. I wasn't sure if you would be coming by today. Come on inside." She walked us into a little room with two couches but no television. The furniture was all a light creme and I felt like just sitting on it was going to ruin it.

"This is Amy and Conner. They drove from Kentucky last night." Heather sat down next to the woman, while we sat across from them. I kept my hand on Amy's leg, feeling like I needed her to know that she wasn't in this alone.

We both leaned over and shook hands with the woman. She smiled and noticed Amy's belly. "How far along are you?"

Amy looked over at me. "Six and a half months."

She kept smiling and staring at her stomach. It was kind of weird.

I cleared my throat. "Excuse me for bein' blunt, but why did you need to see us?

She stood up. "How about I get us some refreshments first. My mind isn't that reliable unless I've had some morning coffee."

Amy and Heather both asked for water, while I asked for nothing. The woman brought back two bottles of water and handed them to the girls. "I supposed I should just get right to it. I'm sorry for asking you to come all this way, but after sixteen years, you can imagine that things haven't been easy for me to let go of."

"I don't understand. We don't know anything," Amy explained.

"I supposed I should start from the beginning, back when I was married to Rick Martin. I'm not really sure when you met him, but when I met Rick he was still married. His wife was the daughter of some big attorney. At first he didn't tell me he was married, but after I had seen them out in public together, he had to come clean. He told me that their marriage was a joke and that they hadn't been in love for some time. I wanted to believe him, because he was the sweetest man that I'd ever met. For months we snuck around stealing kisses and meeting in hotel rooms for heated moments together. Every time we were alone he would ask me to marry him. You can imagine how something like that would make me feel. What woman doesn't want to be seduced by such a sexy man. Rick told me that his wife wouldn't give him a divorce. He claimed that she said she would take away his son and he would never be able to see him again. I guess you don't know that part either. Rick had a three year old son. That kid was his world. It was all he ever talked about. He was so afraid of his wife that he couldn't take the necessary steps to leave her. It wasn't until I got pregnant that things got all messed up. I'd given him an ultimatum. He could be with me or he could be with her. I wasn't going to share him anymore. I had a child to consider. I never saw a man cry like he did that night." She paused and stared off for a moment.

"When Rick made his choice, I moved on like I said I was going to. I started working for a doctor as a secretary and put myself through night school. I shared an apartment with seven other people, just to be able to afford to live. I will never forget that night I came home and Rick was on my porch. He had flowers in his hand and was all smiles. He wasn't wearing his wedding ring. I remember looking there first. Rick then proceeded to tell me how his wife had taken a terrible fall. She died before the paramedics could arrive. He told me that we were finally going to be together and a family. God, I was so naive. I believed every word out of his mouth. I even believed his lame excuse why we couldn't live together at first. He neglected to tell me how he was being investigated for the murder of his wife."

She took a sip of her coffee and looked around the room. "One night he came home and said he was in big trouble. He swore that he hadn't done it, but said I had to be his alibi for the night his wife died. He told me that her father was trying to pin murder charges on him so that their son could be raised by the family instead of him. His wife's father filed for a petition with the courts giving her sister and her husband temporary custody. We rehearsed what I was supposed to tell the officers when they came to visit me. I did as he said and because of my later testimony, Rick was cleared of the charges. He told me we were going to be rich from the life insurance policy. We started living a different lifestyle and taking advantage of our new fortune. While he fought to regain custody of his son, the father stepped in again and had Rick charged with conspiracy to commit murder. Apparently, he had obtained the computer from their house and on it the police found several searches on the best way to make a murder look like an accident. At the time, I didn't know this. The insurance company retracted the settlement and Rick was left with nothing. In the meantime, our daughter was born. While I was busy being a new mother, Rick was busy pretending that we were still rich. I had no reason not to believe him. He always had money and seemed to be happy even without being able to see his son."

"It wasn't until my daughter was over a year old that I started learning the truth. We'd been married for seven months. Rick would leave for work and come home every night. He spent his weekends around the house. We looked happy to everyone around us, even to our closest friends. But we had secrets. Rick liked to drink at night. He'd come right home and pour himself a drink. After I would put the baby down at night, he liked to get rough with me. At first it was just sex, but it didn't take long for it to be more physical. He started with hitting me in places that nobody could see, but after two years, he started to just not care anymore. I worked at a hospital and hid the scars easily. I'm sure some people knew that I was unhappy, but not one person stepped forward." The woman started to cry. She got up and grabbed a tissue. Amy and I looked at each other, but we were both so involved with the story that neither of us knew what to say.

She blew her nose before continuing. "It wasn't until this one day. I went into work like normal. I was working primarily in the surgical ward of the hospital. I had this patient that had just come out of surgery. During her recovery period, I went to remove her IV's. She grabbed my hand and stared at my wedding ring. She asked me where I got it. When I told her that my husband had given it to me, she started accusing me of stealing it. It got so bad that another nurse had to come in and take over for me. Needless to say, I was a little shaken up over it. During my break, I looked up the patients name and did an internet search. I found out that she was Rick's ex-sister-in law. I knew right away that the ring I was wearing had once been his first wives. I felt sick of it. I didn't want to be wearing something that had been hers. After my shift I went home and confronted Rick about it. He beat me worse than he ever had before. I waited until he passed out and took my daughter with me to a women's shelter that the hospital recommended to abused patients. We stayed there for four days before Rick came looking for us. Our friends thought I was overreacting. I started saving money and hiding it from him, thinking I could get my daughter away from him. Two days later I woke up to find that Rick had not only moved out, but taken our daughter with him. He left a note that said that he would die before he let another person take away another child. I swore he would come back, but as time passed, he never did. I learned that he wasn't the man I thought he was. I found out about the money and the debt that we'd incurred. We had fifty grand in credit card debt. He never even worked during our whole marriage. He was running cons on people and taking their money."

The woman went into a full blown emotional breakdown. "I couldn't afford a lawyer and the police were little help with finding my daughter. I've looked for her for almost sixteen years. It wasn't until your friend here walked through my door that I learned he had only been living a few states over under a different name. All these years I've lived without seeing her beautiful face. I remarried and had another daughter, but there hasn't been one day that I didn't think about the one I lost. Heather told me that you would know how I could find her. Please tell me. Where is my daughter. It's been so long. I just need to see her."

She was pleading with Amy and until I turned around, I had no idea that she was crying too. How could someone not feel sorry for this woman. Out of anyone that could relate to her situation, it would have been Amy. "I saw your daughter a couple months ago, ma'am. I'm sure Amy would be happy to help the two of you reconnect."

She smiled and wiped her eyes again. Amy stood up and looked right at her. "He told me that you had abandoned them. I swear I knew nothing about what you were going through. I never would have kept her from her own mother. I swear it."

The woman tried to smile as the tears continued to fall down her cheeks. It was like I could feel the pain seeping out of her. "I believe you."

"I promise you that I will help you get to know her. She's been through a lot too. She moved out a few months ago, after her father started beating on her. I didn't know it was going on. I was already trying to leave myself. He's so much worse now. All I want is to be divorced from that man, so that I can have a real life with Conner."

"I don't think you understand, Amy. Rick illegally changed his name. I had to wait almost ten years to finally get the courts to allow me a divorce. Part of it was because I couldn't afford it."

I stood up. "Wait! Are you sayin' what I think you are? Are you tellin' me that Amy was never really married?"

"That is exactly what I am saying. Even if his name was changed legally, which I know it wasn't, he couldn't still be married to me and marry Amy at the same time. Now, I'm sure you will need my help and some old documents to prove it, but you are not married to that man. You never were."

Amy immediately stood up and buried her head into my chest. She was crying so hard that I wanted to cry myself. I rubbed her back and kissed her on the head. We still didn't have a solution to the Rick problem, but coming to West Virginia had been worth the trip. I looked over at Heather and saw her crying too. I smiled at her. "Thank you, Heather. Thank you so much for this."

Chapter 23

Amy

There were no words to describe how I was feeling at that exact moment that this complete stranger told me that my marriage to Rick wasn't legal. It didn't matter if he legally changed his name. What mattered was that he was still married to someone else, which would void our nuptials all together. I was overjoyed and I could tell that Conner was as well.

Heather hadn't brought us here because she thought it would help us find Rick. She brought us here because she knew that finding this out would change everything for my future with Conner.

Reaching out to my step-daughter was going to be difficult, especially since she had been laying low and avoiding her father. Still, I owed it to the wonderful woman to follow through with what I promised. I sent her a text message telling her that I wanted to talk and it had nothing to do with her father. All I could hope for was that she would respond. She had a mother out there that had been searching for her for too long. She needed to know that the woman loved her.

I couldn't wait to call Miranda and Van and tell them both the good news. Conner seemed to finally relax too. After exchanging our contact information, we left and headed back to the place where Heather's car had been left. Ty and Miranda would never forgive the girl, but I had to appreciate what she'd done for me. Who would have thought that it would have given Conner and I a fresh start. We could move on, well, just as soon as I could prove that my marriage was a sham.

Heather didn't divulge any information on her new beau, Rick's son, Jessie. I could tell that she was truly serious about the guy. With that being said, she needed to come clean with the kid. Lying to the person you love was no way of starting a new relationship. Granted, he probably would want nothing to do with her, if the truth did come out.

After saying our goodbyes, we watched her get in her car and drive away. This time we had exchanged numbers. I didn't want to be her friend, but I knew that if I needed her help, she would probably come.

Conner and I drove back to Kentucky that afternoon. I was so giddy that I scooted over to the middle truck seat and snuggled up close to him. He put his arm around my shoulder and tickled my skin with his fingers, while he drove. For the first hour, neither of us said much. I was excited but also still in shock. I couldn't believe that what happened was real. I was going to be free from Rick. I didn't have to wait a year. It was surreal.

The burning question in my head was how did I proceed with things. Obviously, Rick's ex was going to have to be a part of it. Without the information she'd given me, I wasn't sure if the courts would believe me. It wasn't like I had a copy of my fake marriage certificate and Rick's birth certificate. He kept all of the paperwork in the marriage.

If that wasn't enough to worry about, what was really on my mind was what Conner was being so quiet about. Of course, I was thinking the worst. I felt like Conner kept telling me that he wanted us to have a future, because he thought it could never really happen. What if he never planned on marrying me? Would I be okay with that? Would he get tired of me and find someone younger? It was driving me crazy and as much as I wanted to mention it, I couldn't.

We stopped around four to grab something to eat at a popular chain restaurant. Conner, who had been unusually quiet for the whole ride, finally started to talk, once the waitress had taken our orders.

"I need to say somethin'."

This was it. This was where he told me that all we were ever going to be was what we were this very second.

"I'm listening." I gave him a half smile and waited for him to break my heart.

"Ever since I met you, I knew you were different. I didn't care what I had to do, I just knew that I had to have you. For over a year, I have waited so patiently to finally be able to say that you were mine without any other baggage. I had no idea that this trip was going to make that happen for us. I feel like I'm dreamin'. You do know what this means for us, right?"

I shrugged. If this was him trying to tell me that he was never going to put a ring on my finger, well he was really sucking at it.

"Blaze, you know I love you, darlin'. I think I've proved just how much I am willin' to do for you. I realize that it's goin' to take some time to prove that you're a free woman, but as soon as it happens, I want you to think about gettin' tied down to me. I ain't good with bein' romantic. Hell, I don't know a damn thing about flowers. Valentine's Day was always a bullshit holiday. I don't like apologizing, and you know how stubborn I get, but you can always count on me to be there. I will never lay a hand on you. I will be the best daddy to our child and I will love you for all of the days of my life. That's about all I can offer."

I think my mouth hit the floor.

I just sat there, flabbergasted.

Did Conner really just say that to me?

New tears were down my face, but they weren't because I was sad, or because I felt sorry for someone, or because I was in any pain. It was because the most perfect man had just offered me a life; a life with him.

He reached over the table and wiped my eyes. "Are these good tears or should I be worried?"

"They're good tears." I started sobbing. "I just can't believe this is happening. I've wanted it for so long. I just...I just thought you wouldn't want me anymore."

"Why in the hell would you ever think that? I told you from the beginnin' that I wanted you for myself. It was never a joke to me."

"I didn't know. I mean, I wanted you to love me, but I couldn't ask you to. I just thought you were offering me a forever because you knew it would never happen. You really want that?"

He grabbed my hands and kissed them. "Amy, please stop cryin'. Of course it's what I want. It ain't because you're carryin' my child, or because you don't have other options. I want you because I love you like I have never loved before. If you don't want me, I know I will never find another that compares. Our future is in your hands, Blaze."

"Do I get a ring?" I didn't want a giant ring. I didn't even care if it was a diamond. An emerald would be just as great. I just wanted something that I could shove in all those little bitches faces. I wanted them all to know that he was mine.

He started laughing and shaking his head. "Is this some kind of test?"

I shook my head. "No, I just want to know."

"Do I need to go get it now?"

"Why, do you already have one?"

"Maybe."

I cried even more. "I'm sorry. I must look like a fool. I swear these are happy tears."

"So is that your answer? You goin' to marry me or not?"

"Yes...yes, I will marry you. I will marry you a million times, Conner Healy."

He kissed my hands again. "I ain't wearin' no tux."

We both started to laugh. "I don't even care."

"Camilla and Joshua."

"Huh?"

"You wanted to know the two names that I liked. I like the name Cammie for a girl. When I was a kid my dad brought me home this baby raccoon. My mom about flipped her lid, but it was all alone and goin' to die. Randa and I named her Cammie. We would get up at night to bottle feed her. She was litter trained and we could let her run around in our rooms. One day I forgot to shut my bedroom door and our Springer Spaniel went in there and busted through the cage. She killed our little baby raccoon. I guess I had a soft spot for that name ever since."

It was such a sweet story.

"And Joshua?"

"Yeah, that was my father's middle name. I think it's a strong name, plus it's in the bible and my mother would really appreciate that."

Of all of the hundreds of names I had been looking at in every book possible, none of them made me fall in love with them, until I heard these two names come out of Conner's mouth. It literally took my breath away. "I love them."

"Really? You don't have to like them. I just wanted you hear what I liked."

"They're perfect, Conner. I would love to have a Cammie or a Joshua."

His smile was so big. I studied his perfect face as he sat there looking back at me.

He cocked his eyebrow. "Maybe we could have both? I was kind of hopin' you would want more, with me?"

"I will give you whatever you want. This has been one of the best days of my entire life, Conner."

"You just wait till you have my last name, darlin'. It's goin' to get even better."

Chapter 24

Conner

Everything was looking up for Amy and I. Though we weren't making wedding plans yet, I knew that eventually it was going to happen. If it were up to me I would have been fine with the way things were, but I knew it meant more to Amy and my mother. I'd done so many things the wrong way for so long, that it was important for me to grow up and be the responsible man that my family wanted me to be.

After arriving back to Kentucky and telling the family the good news, Amy and I were finally able to be optimistic. It was then that she starting making calls to find out how to prove that her marriage was not legal. Since it didn't happen very often, she was tossed around from person to person. Rick's ex-wife was going to have to contact her lawyer and see what he could do from his end. In the meantime, we contacted our family lawyer and met with him.

While we waited for that to be taken care of, we focused on getting ready for the arrival of our baby. We decided on just waiting on decorating until we knew what we were having. However, we did decided to paint the room a light brown. I made sure to buy the paint that didn't contain fumes, because she insisted on pitching in.

I think Amy got bored easily. I know she didn't hate the fact that she wasn't having to stand all day long, but she still missed the interactions with all of her clients.

About two months after the salon was vandalized, the police contacted her to let her know that they still hadn't caught the perpetrator and with no new leads they weren't very optimistic. It pissed me off knowing that Rick was still out there just waiting to make a move to hurt the people that I loved.

Amy finally heard from Rick's daughter and after a three hour phone call, she agreed to meet the mother she thought abandoned her when she was a little child. I think it was hard for Amy having to do something for a family that was never really hers. Still, she did it anyway. While she waited to see how the meeting went, we focused on what she was going to do with the salon.

We were settled in Kentucky and Amy felt safer than she had the whole time we were in North Carolina. Here, she was just my woman. Back there, she was a married woman who'd had an affair and got knocked up.

She still missed her friends, my sister especially, and the father that she finally had reconciled with. I'd secretly arranged for the man and his family to come visit. Amy had no idea that I had planned it. The ranch was big enough that you could get lost if you didn't know where you were going. On the day that they arrived, I met them at my aunt's house and got them situated. My aunt was away on some trip with a couple ladies from our church congregation, so it was just Lucy there anyway. I think they were taken back at first at the size of my aunt's house. It made me laugh considering that Amy and I were perfectly comfortable in our four bedroom double wide. Of course my mother had fixed it up over the years. We had a whole new kitchen and both of our bathrooms had been remodeled.

Once I had them all situated, I took the golf cart back to my place to get Amy. When I came inside, I could already hear her crying. I rushed into the living room and found her curled up. Once I got to her side and pulled her into me, she looked up. "He called Conner. All this time had gone by and he picks today to just call and threaten me. Why can't he just leave me alone. I don't owe him anything."

"What do you mean? You don't owe him shit!"

She shook her head. "I don't know. I shouldn't have even answered after it said the number was blocked. He said that he's been patient, but he isn't going to wait any longer. He said he is coming for me."

"Bullshit! He ain't gettin' near you." I'd kill him with my bare hands if I had to. There was no way in hell he was getting anywhere near her.

"How do you know that? He could be right down the road. We don't know."

I walked back through the hallway and entered my old bedroom. Here lately it had just been for storage. I could hear Amy talking to me, but I had no idea what she was saying. I reached the cabinet in the back of my closet and grabbed out a few of my favorite pieces. When I came around the corner carrying two rifles and a handgun, I heard Amy gasp. "Ever used one of these?"

She shook her head and I almost wanted to laugh at the shocked look on her face. "They were in our house this whole time?"

"Locked up. Look here, you need to be able to protect yourself. If that bastard comes near you, I want you to know how to shoot his ass."

She sat down on the couch, so I walked closer to her and handed her a handgun. She sat it down on the table like it was too hot to touch. "I can't, Conner. I could never shoot someone."

I sat down beside her and rubbed her leg. She looked right at me, so I rubbed over her belly. "This is my child too. If someone tries to hurt either of you, I'm going to put a bullet in them. This ain't no laughin' matter, darlin'. This is as real as it gets. Now, I can either show you how to use it, or I can let John show you. It's probably going to be easier if we get you somethin' smaller to start out with anyway."

"I'm being serious Conner. There is no way I can shoot a gun."

I kissed her cheek and then the side of her lip. "Blaze, do you trust me?" I moved my nose around her neck and then up to her ear. As it glided across her skin, I could feel her swallowing. I had her attention.

"Yes," she whispered.

I kept my lips close to her ear. "I need you to do this for me. You may never have to use it, but I need you to know how. Just do it for me." This was not the time for her to get all stubborn on me. I needed her to be prepared for this f**ker.

She nodded. "Okay. It just scares me so much."

"Well, what scares you more? The idea of using a gun, or not havin' protection if Rick comes near you."

"Him! I'm scared of him!"

I stood up from the couch and pulled her into my arms. She looked right up at me. "I need my woman to know how to protect her family. It's a southern thing. Ain't you ever seen them old ladies on television? They chase the bad guys off their property?"

She giggled. "Are you comparing me to an old lady?"

I shook my head and laughed too. "No! I am wantin' you to be able to handle yourself. I think it's best if I have John do this with you. Maybe just knowin' that he is the sheriff will make you feel better. In the meantime, I need you to come up to the main house with me."

"What about Rick's threats?"

"Amy, he ain't here. The gates have security. Hell, he probably doesn't even know where we are. He can threaten all he wants. It don't mean he is really comin'. It's been months. I'm sure he's gotta be gettin' desperate."

"Why are we going up to the house? Nobody is there but Lucy." I had to come up with a good excuse to get her there."

"I did something special and I want you to see it for yourself. Will you just come with me and stop tryin' to spoil it. I promise you will like it and it may even take your mind off of the whole Rick thing."

She finally agreed.

When we walked in that house and she saw her father sitting there, I thought she was going to scream out of excitement. She turned around and smiled before walking over to give him a big hug. "When did you get here?"

"About an hour ago. Conner wanted it to be a surprise," Her father explained.

She walked over and gave her step-mother and brothers a hug. "It's so good to see you guys. I miss everyone so much."

Her father walked over to me. "She's looks good, Son. Thanks for taking such good care of her."

"The pleasure is all mine, sir. Amy is very important to me. In fact, I asked you here for a reason. I suspect you have heard that Amy's marriage to Rick wasn't legal. As soon as the lawyers get everything figured out, I'd appreciate it if you let me make an honest woman out of her. I realize we did everything backwards, but I can promise you that I will continue to take care of her. She will never need for anything."

He smiled and shook my hand again. "Conner, I don't doubt that at all. Your family seems to run a very lucrative business. It pleases me very much that she found you. It would make me a very happy man to have you as a son-in-law."

My father would have been proud for me asking for her hand. I was just happy that the old man said yes. He could have told me Hell no.

Amy spent the whole weekend with her father and his family. I showed him around the ranch and introduced him to Colt and Van, who were nice enough to make them a very nice dinner that included my mother and John. It was the first time that I was able to spend some time getting to know Amy's family, which I enjoyed very much. She needed the distraction and her father was a good reason for it.

When the weekend ended, they had to head home. Her little brothers still had school that they couldn't miss. Amy's father didn't leave without giving her a check from the insurance company. While the building was easily repaired from the damages, they had opted not to turn it back into a salon, so Amy received a check for what it would have cost to replace all of the furniture and equipment. I was guessing that she didn't expect it.

Later that night we cuddled up in bed. "Thank you for bringing my family here, Conner.

"I'd do just about anything to see you smile. Well, unless it had something to do with me and a farm animal."

She slapped me. "You are so sick!"

"Ahh, come on, Blaze, you know you love it." I thought I had a pretty good sense of humor.

"You know what else I love?"

"The way I make you scream when I'm between your legs?"

She laughed again. "That and the way you always make me feel loved. It's more than I could ever ask for."

"You better get used to it."

She reached her hand down under the covers. I felt her fingers sliding inside the elastic of my boxer briefs. "I don't think we're going to have a problem pleasing each other. In fact, I think I owe you a little something for being so good to me."

Her head slipped right under the covers. "Yeah, I can definitely get used to this."

Chapter 25

Amy

After my father left, it was hard for me to not think about the phone call from Rick. In fact, once Conner left to work out on the ranch Monday morning, it was all I could think about. When someone knocked on my door, I got even more freaked out and screamed. I had been standing next to the kitchen window and they were close enough to reach in and touch me.

Come to find out, it was the local delivery man with a package that I had ordered myself. I apologized to him for being so startled. I felt like a total idiot after he pulled away. It was that moment that I knew I was going to have to talk to John after all. Mine and my child's safety was too important.

Miss Karen was very sweet when I called her to explain the situation. I had a feeling that Conner had already filled her and John in on me learning to shoot. John picked me up that afternoon and took me to a gunsmith shop. I was shocked at how many guns were just hanging all over the place.

John realized my dismay. He put his arm around me and led me over to a small case. "These would be a more comfortable gun for you to shoot with. We will get out one at a time and let you hold them. We need to make sure it feels right in your fingers and you can maneuver it quick enough to react accordingly."

I held up my hands. "Whatever you say. I have no idea about any of this."

In all of my life I had never wanted to have anything to do with guns. This was all for Conner. I knew it was almost necessary at this point, but it still made me very uneasy. Once we picked out one that was appropriate for me, we filled out all of the necessary permits for me to own one. In the meantime, John took me out to the shooting range and let me fire one that was similar. He had one of his friends attach a silencer to it, because I was scared it would hurt the baby. He assured me that pregnant women fired guns, but it seemed a little too unorthodox for me.

There was a wait period after you applied for a gun, so after the time was over, John and I went to pick it up. I wasn't as excited as him and Conner were, but it was pretty cool that I owned something so powerful. Even my father had joined the bandwagon and was getting on me to listen to the guys when they were trying to teach me to be able to defend myself. Conner brought home this sign and put it over our welcome sign.

It read "We don't call 911" and then had a gun next to it. It was both funny and scary at the same time. I don't know if I would want to proceed into some people's houses with a sign like that outside.

Conner showed me the combination to his gun safe and he bought me a very special box to keep my gun in. Of course, it was pink and it had initials on it that included the last letter being an H. It was very sweet and even though I didn't care for the gun, I really did like my box.

After my father had given me that money, I thought about what I could do with it. It wasn't like Conner or I needed anything. We didn't have a house payment. Our bills were hardly anything. Conner had a pretty good amount in savings and we were very comfortable with the things we had.

I put the money in a savings account for the baby. The interest would accumulate and later, if we didn't need it for anything else, I could put it into a college fund for him or her. Conner was pleased with my decision. He took me out to dinner for a big fat steak. It was funny, I never liked steak until I got pregnant. Then I wanted it every single night.

After dinner we drove right home. My belly was getting bigger by the second, so after eating everything on my plate, I needed to shower and get into some comfortable pants before I busted at the seams. Conner waited in the bathroom for me to climb out of the shower. A smile formed on my face when I saw him standing there with a towel in his hands. "Thanks, babe."

"You're welcome, darlin'."

Once the towel was tucked around me, Conner followed me into our bedroom. We had a bunch more space since we took his mother's master bedroom. Plus, the bathroom was separate from the one that everyone used. Conner sat me down on our bed. He had an ornery look on his face and I knew he was up to something. He stood over me and started unbuckling his belt, which wasn't unusual. I decided to make a joke and see just what kind of mood he was in. "You planning on spanking me with that thing?"

He looked up at me and quivered his lip. "Why? Have you been a bad girl?"

"Maybe."

"Then I suppose that I'm goin' to need to punish you."

I let the towel fall off of my body. I knew my belly was the first thing he saw. For a second it made me feel self-conscious, but there was something about the way Conner was looking at me that made me feel like I was the most beautiful girl in the world.

To make myself feel better about my body, and attempt to turn on my boyfriend, I rolled over and got up on all fours and looked back at him. His smile was even bigger than before. I smiled back at him and then licked my lips. "Be gentle."

I turned around and prepared myself for whatever Conner was going to attempt. I trusted him completely and knew he would never hurt me. His warm hands made contact with both of my ass cheeks. Then he worked in a circular motion, before traveling up to my lower back. Small kisses were placed all over my right cheek and then he did the same to the other side. I felt him climb up behind me on the bed. Right away, I could tell that he had dropped his jeans. The smooth skin of his erection was pressing against my leg as he continued to kiss up my back and around my neck. It tickled and gave me chills all at the same time. I was so hot for him; so ready for whatever he wanted to do to me. I was his completely, even without the piece of paper. I loved this man so unconditionally that just being around him made me feel like I was the luckiest woman on the planet.

Conner reached around and slid his hand over my belly. His hot body pressed over my back. I heard a soft growl come out of his mouth, before his lips grazed my ear lobe. "I want you."

I moved my butt around, so it was brushing against him. "You can have me."

Conner's hand left my body. It was soon being used to position his erection at my entrance. He rubbed it up and down my hot sex, getting it wet for him to slide right in. I gasped when his length entered me. He moved slowly, then steadily picked up the pace. I kept my ass up high, allowing him to hold onto my waist as he continued pumping his hot love into me. The faster he moved, the better it felt. Being pregnant wasn't always the easiest when it came to making love. Conner was gentle enough that it wasn't uncomfortable. He knew how far to take things without hurting me. He also knew just where to touch me to make me forget that I even had a big fat belly. His strong hands came up and pinched one of my ni**les. I moaned, making him do it again. His speed picked up again and I felt my body getting that euphoric feeling. I let go, screaming out in pleasure. While I clung to my blankets, Conner thrusted a few more times, before tightening up and leaning his weight on my back. He placed small kisses on my shoulder, before sitting up. I turned over and realized my body was full of sweat. I wiped the beads off of my forehead. "Shew, I guess I should have waited to get a shower."

"I got no problem takin' you back in that bathroom and washin' every single inch of you."

I grabbed his hand and pulled him down next to me. "Just turn on the fan and lay with me. I'm too tired to move."

Conner got up and turned on the ceiling fan. The cool air started to hit me before he was back down beside me. I cuddled my naked body into his. "I love you."

"Love you, too."

The following morning Van asked me to watch Noah while she took Christian to the doctors. I was going to head over to their house, but he just showed up on one of the golf carts. He came walking right in the kitchen door. "Aunt Amy, are you in here?"

I came around the corner and saw the kid standing there in full camouflage. "Hey, I would have come to your house."

"Dad said I could come here instead. Uncle Conner lets me watch that show he records. Dad doesn't let me watch it."

I poured myself a glass of milk. "Did you want some?"

"You got any cereal?" I looked down at his feet and saw that he was wearing his favorite cowboy boots.

"Just pick out what you want. You know where the cabinet is."

I grabbed the bottle of chocolate syrup and started pouring it into my glass of milk. My mouth was watering just imagining how the chocolate was going to taste. Noah grabbed a box of Lucky Charms and I handed him a bowl. He started to pour it and cereal went everywhere. It wasn't just all over the counter, it was also all over the floor.

"Oh no! I'm sorry, Aunt Amy." He looked as shocked as I was.

"Noah, it's fine. I will clean it up." I poured some milk into his bowl and handed him a spoon. He sat down at the kitchen table and started eating, while I got down on the floor and started picking up cereal. When I heard a scratch at the door, I got a better idea of how to clean up the mess.

Sam went wherever Noah went. That dog was so attached to the kid. I opened the kitchen door. "Come on, Sam. Look what I got for you." Right away, he started eating up the spilled cereal. Noah started laughing and watching him.

Once I got the counter cleaned up, I looked down to see that the floor was clean. Sam was sitting next to Noah, waiting to drink the rest of his milk.

I left Noah in the kitchen while I straightened up the living room. After a few minutes, I heard the kitchen door open and shut. "Noah?" I walked into the kitchen and saw that he was still sitting there. "Did you open the door?"

He shook his head and pointed toward the corner of the kitchen that I couldn't see. "No. That man did."

Chapter 26

Conner

My day was going just like every other. Colt and I were working on a broken fan in one of the chicken houses. After nearly three hours, we weren't any closer to getting it to work. Once it was time for lunch, I decided to head home and eat where there wasn't the smell of chicken shit around me. Colt decided to come with me, since Amy was watching Noah.

We were pretty far away from my place, so Colt drove us in one of the ranch trucks. "What kind of lunchmeat you got at your house? I ain't eatin' that liverwurst shit again."

Liverwurst was this awful shit my mother used to buy. It tasted like liver; cold liver. "We don't buy that nasty ass shit. Amy likes roast beef and turkey. Sometimes she buys me bologna, but she calls it a flat hotdog."

"A what?"

I laughed. "She says that bologna and raw hotdogs are the same damn thing. Since she hates both of them that is what she says when I want to eat it. Last time I asked her to buy it, she slapped it on two pieces of bread with mustard, ketchup and relish. Now, I hate to say this, but it did taste just like a freakin' hotdog."

"You probably ate the whole thing, too. Simple. That's what you are." Colt just shook his head and kept driving.

"Come on, I know there has to be somethin' Van cooks that makes you shake your head like that." Colt may act like Van was perfect, but every woman has some flaws.

He started to laugh. "Yeah, there was this thing she went through where she was watchin' all those cookin' shows on television. She would write down how to make it and try somethin' new every night. A couple things were pretty good, but a bunch more were just plain terrible. The first time she asked me to be honest, so when I told her I hated it, she went to bed cryin'. After that I would tell her that I liked it, but not enough to have it all the time. She started to get the hint, but it's a touchy subject. Over the years she's learned what we all like and she cooks those things. That woman can make one hell of a breakfast though."

I knew she could. I'd eaten there enough to know that. "I agree."

"You should have called and told her I was comin' with you."

"Why is that?"

"Who knows what you all do?" I looked at Colt like he had three heads.

"Your son is at my house. Surely you don't think I would do somethin' while he's in the next room. I mean, don't get me wrong, if Amy wants to get freaky, I've never turned her down."

Every man I'd ever been around had taught me that. I knew to never turn down your woman's offers. Even if I was mad, it was always worth it.

We walked up to the kitchen door and I opened it for Colt to go inside first. Once he was past, I followed behind him. I should have known that something was wrong when the television was blaring. We both walked into the living room to find Noah sitting in front of the television with a jar of peanut butter and a spoon.

Colt grabbed the peanut butter out of his son's hand. "Boy, you know better."

"I got permission."

I wandered around the house looking for Amy, before coming back into the living room. "Hey, where's Aunt Amy?"

He shrugged and crossed his arms in front of his chest. "She told me I was a big boy and that I could take care of myself."

That wasn't possible. Amy would never do that. If something was wrong, she would have called me. I looked around the room and spotted her cell phone and purse. "Where did she go?"

"She didn't say." He was still watching his show and not paying attention to how serious this was.

I think Colt could see the worry in my eyes. He turned off the television. "Son, your uncle is askin' you a question. You best get to answerin' him."

He turned around looking annoyed that we had interrupted him. "She didn't say where she was goin'. She just told me to be a big boy and wait for you or mom to come get me. Can I watch my show now?"

"No!" Colt and I both yelled.

I squatted down to his level. "Was she hurt?"

He shook his head. "She looked sad. That man made her cry, but she said she was just real happy to see him."

I stood right up and looked at Colt. "Please tell me this ain't happenin'."

"What did the man look like?" I don't know why Colt was asking that. We both knew who the man was.

"He looked regular." Typical kid answer.

"Did he hurt her?" I was more than concerned.

"Nope. At first she ran into her room, but he told her she couldn't run. That's when she was cryin'. Am I in trouble?"

I patted him in the head and started dialing John's number. "No, buddy. You're not!" After two rings John finally answered.

Hey, Conner what's up?

I need you out at the ranch as soon as possible. Amy's been taken.

Taken? To the hospital? Do I need to pick up your mother? Should we get to the hospital?

No, she's been abducted, man. That bastard found us. I don't know how. Just get here fast. We've got to find her. He's going to hurt her, John. I just know it. If he lays one hand on her, I will kill him with my bare hands.

Try to keep calm , I'm almost there now.

When we hung up, I walked back to my old room and checked the gun cabinet. I don't know if I felt more relived or worried when I discovered that her gun was missing. Sure, I was real glad she had it with her, but it didn't mean she would use it. Amy hated the damn thing.

I didn't know what to do. I felt like I needed to do something, but had no idea where to start. Amy had no phone with her. I didn't even know how long she'd been gone. Rick could have had her out of the state by now. I walked back into my hallway when I heard Colt calling Van. I know he was checking on her and Christian. I heard him telling her to come here, instead of going home.

The anger was building up inside of me. He had my woman and my unborn child. It was enough to drive me mad.

Colt came walking toward me. He grabbed my shoulder to turn me around, but I jerked away from him. "He took her, man. He f**kin' took her." I drove my fist into the wall, sending it right through to the other side. When I pulled it back out, my knuckles were already starting to bleed. I punched the wall again. "Fuck!"

Colt slammed me into the opposite wall. "You need to calm down. This ain't goin' to fix nothin'. Look, I know what you're goin' through. When Tucker took Savanna I felt like my whole world was goin' to crumble. You need to have faith. We will find her."

I put my hands on both of his shoulders. "You are neglectin' to mention that Van lost her baby. I'm glad she's all better now, but I know what you both went through. I can't do that, Colt. I ain't as strong as you."

We both heard the kitchen door opening and rushed in that direction. John met us in the living room, but I saw him looking past us at the holes in the wall. "Tell me you did that."

Colt got in front of me. "He's tryin' to calm down. Look we came in for lunch and found Noah all alone. He claims that a man came in and made Amy cry. Then she said she was fine and they left together."

"She took her gun. It's missin'." I added.

John cocked his eyebrow. "So, you think it's her ex?"

"I know it's that bastard. Please, John, you've got to help me find her. He's goin' to hurt her. I just know it."

I cocked my arm back again, but Colt grabbed it. "There ain't so sense in bleedin' anymore and wrecking up the house. You ain't goin' to be any help if you can't use your hand."

"Colt's right. Have you called Savanna and Lucy to make sure they're all both alright?"

Colt picked up his phone and dialed what I assumed was the main house. He walked into the other room.

"John, just tell me what to do."

"Does she have her purse, her phone, or anyway we can track her?" He asked.

I shook my head. "No! Don't you think I would have been callin' her?"

"Son, you need to calm down!"

"I ain't your son!" It was an uncalled for low blow. I shouldn't have said it. I know he hadn't meant anything by it. "Sorry, I'm just losin' it here. If he harms one hair on her body, I'm goin' to kill him, John. I don't give a shit if I rot in jail. I will tear him apart with my bare hands. That son of a bitch has hurt her enough. What if he's already hurt her? What if she's gone into stress induced early labor. He will let her bleed out and die. He wants her dead, man."

"Conner, you can't think like that. I know it's hard, but I need you to calm down."

My mother came running in the house. I could see from the look on her face that she already knew what was going on. "Conner." She fell into my arms and started crying. John gave up trying to calm me down after that. Once he saw my mother acting the way I had, there was no way to control the both of us. "Honey, we won't stop until we find her. I promise you that. Are you okay?" She pulled out of my arms and looked into my eyes. Since hers were full of tears, I could feel myself getting a little more emotional than I was willing to share.

"How am I supposed to be. Amy is out there somewhere and we aren't doin' anything. He could have cut her up and sliced her into pieces by now. My whole damn future is at stake here. So, no. I ain't alright at all, mom!"

"Okay, John what do you need us to do?"

He sat down on the couch. "First off, you need to know that we don't have much to go on. This guy's been underground for months. We don't know what he drives or if he's using an alias. I got units patrolling the highways, looking for suspicious cars with out of state tags. We need to monitor the phones. Most of the time, they end of calling for a ransom."

"He ain't goin' to call. He wanted to get her alone so he could harm her. Her life is in danger. I can't just sit here and wait for you to tell me that you found her body in a ditch." I sat down and put my hands up to my face. "I can't lose them, you hear me?"

Colt came in carrying his daughter, followed by a very concerned Van. She saw the look on my face and stayed back. I didn't need anyone's pity. I needed them to get up off their asses and help me find her.

"What about the woods? We need to check the woods," I suggested.

"It's hundreds of acres." Colt looked at John after he'd said it.

"I don't give a shit. Get on the gators and start looking. Get all the farm hands on board. For all we know, he was on foot. Have the police search every road that runs alongside our property."

"I'm already having them do that, Conner. Look, the best thing you can do right now is sit tight." John was doing his job. I got that. It just wasn't enough.

"I can't get Lucy to answer. There's a chance that Rick went there first. If that's the case, someone needs to go make sure Lucy isn't hurt or worse." Colt looked from me to John.

"Well, I ain't goin' to just sit here. Maybe she knows somethin'." Sure, I was concerned about Lucy. I hated to think that he'd hurt even more people, but I only had one concern right now.

Amy was out there. She was scared and God only knew what he'd already done to her. I had to find her. Then when I knew she was safe, I was going to kill him.

Chapter 27

Amy

No words could even begin to describe the way I felt when I turned that corner in my kitchen and saw Rick standing there. I didn't know how he found me and it didn't even matter. My first concern was keeping Noah safe. Rick had a big smile on his face as I walked up close to Noah. "Why don't you go watch that show your uncle lets you watch. I'm just going to catch up with my friend. "

I knew the tears were falling down my face. I wasn't able to hide my fear. I was so scared.

"Why are you cryin'?"

I patted Noah as he walked by me. "I'm fine. I'm just real happy to see my friend." Yes, I lied to the kid. I was petrified, but I didn't want Noah doing anything to make Rick mad. Once the child was in the living room, I made a mad dash for Conner's old bedroom, where my gun was.

"You can run, but you can't get away." I heard Rick yelling to me. I grabbed the gun out of its box and stuck it behind my back, before making my way back out into the living room. Rick saw me look down at my cell phone. He raced me to it, ripping it out of my hands. "This party is just for us, baby. Tell the kid goodbye."

I tried so hard to be calm. I looked down at Noah and smiled. "You be a big boy and wait here until your parents come. Can you do that for me?"

He nodded and then went back to watching his show. I wish I could have slipped him a message to get to Conner. Just knowing that this may be my last chance to ever tell the man that I loved him, well, it made me even sadder.

I knew that Rick had waited for this. He had laid low until he had me right where he wanted. I was vulnerable and alone. This man wanted to kill me. He'd made it clear a hundred times before. I could only imagine how much more angry he was. When we got outside I saw that he was driving a mail truck. He led me toward the back and opened it up to reveal a bound and gagged Heather. I saw the fear in her eyes and could hear her sobbing when she saw me.

Rick shoved me inside beside Heather. He climbed in and tied my hands behind my back. Before I could even think of what to say, he was sticking something in my mouth preventing me from talking.

I should have used my gun, but he had been pushing me the whole time. He walked behind me and would see me reaching for it. Now I sat next to Heather, bound and gagged, with a weapon that could end everything, out of my reach.

Heather and I looked at each other as we both sobbed beneath the gag. She and I both knew our fate. Rick had planned the ultimate revenge and now he was seeing it through. Neither of us were going to make it out of this alive. Conner would never find out. We never saw this coming. We'd let our guard down and he took advantage.

When the truck started to move, I closed my eyes and tried to envision where we were headed, but it was much easier on television shows than it was in real life. It didn't quite matter much when we came to an abrupt stop. Mine and Heather's body slammed together. I saw her look down at my belly. My baby was unharmed. I couldn't imagine what Rick was thinking when he saw my big belly. He was the kind of person to take the baby from me and let me lay there bleeding to death while morning the loss of my child.

No, this was going to end horribly. The back doors opened again and I noticed that we were in one of the barns. I couldn't tell which one, but at least we were still on the Mitchell property. Rick leaned in and grabbed Heather out first. Once she was standing, he reached in and did the same to me. I kept my body close to Heather's. She kept putting herself in front of my belly, which made me feel a little safer.

"Move your asses. I ain't got all day."

He was holding a knife in his hand and leading us out of the barn. Once we were outside, I saw where we were headed. Rick was taking us in the direction of the main house. I knew Heather had never been to Kentucky before. I couldn't tell her to run and get away. She would never make it far.

Rick led us to the back door near the kitchen. "Keep moving."

Once inside, he pushed us into the living room, where Lucy was sitting, tied to a chair. Her eyes got big when she saw that I was with Rick. I shook my head, trying to tell her not to look at me the way she was. I think she finally realized just who this person was and she was more scared than ever. Rick lined the three of us up on the couch. I was reminded of the gun being behind my back, because it was poking me in the skin.

I prayed for one of the family members to come and find us, but with Rick's instability, there was no telling how much danger they would be in. I felt sorry for Lucy. She was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.

Rick took the knife and pressed it against my neck. He was blurry through all the tears. "Do you have any idea how long I've waited to see you again?"

I wanted to shake my head, but with a sharp object pointed next to my jugular, I wasn't in the position to do so. Instead, I closed my eyes and thought about all of the people that I loved. I finally felt like I had everything I ever wanted. I had my father back in my life, a great boyfriend that wanted to marry me and a perfect little baby on the way. What had I ever done to deserve this kind of ending? How was Conner going to feel when he didn't just lose me, but our baby too? How long could a baby survive after the mother had been murdered? It was wrong for me to be thinking such horrible thoughts, but they completely filled my mind.

I was having trouble breathing after being so upset. Rick poked the knife more. "Do you know why I'm here?"

He used his other hand to take the cloth out of my mouth. "Please let them go, Rick. They have nothing to do with us."

He slapped me in my face. "The next time I ask you a question, you answer it, or keep your mouth shut. I don't want your pathetic advice. I never have. You are nothing but a small part of a master plan. If you wouldn't have screwed everything up for me, this would never be happening." He pointed toward Heather. "Same thing with this one. I thought she was going to help me finish up my plan, but instead she grew a conscious. Too bad it's too late for that. Heather here decided to go snooping into my past. This little bitch thought it would be okay to f**k my long lost son. Did you have fun, whore?" He swung his fist into her face, sending her falling against Lucy. I know it had to hurt. I'd felt the wrath of Rick's fists before. I cried with her.

"Please stop! Why are you doing this? Why not just move on? Why risk your freedom?" I may have been bound. This may have even been my last hour of life, but I was tired of being his victim. If he was planning on killing me, he deserved to give me answers.

He took the back of his knife and hit me right between the eyes with it. I dropped down flat on my back and let the pain overwhelm me. "You say one more thing without me asking and I will cut out your damn tongue."

I kept my mouth shut, preferring being quiet over what it would be like to have my tongue cut out of my mouth.

"This is what's going to happen. I am going to give you one minute to tell me where the safe is and don't you dare tell me there isn't one. I'm guessing this little housekeeper here knows exactly where it is."

Lucy began to shake her head. She wanted no part of this. The poor woman had spent her whole life with the Mitchell family. I knew she didn't want to betray them, but when your life is on the line, you will take drastic measures to save it.

I took the chance of losing my own tongue. "Lucy, just show him where it is. No money is worth your life."

Rick cocked his eyebrow and looked down at me. He pointed his knife at me and then pointed it at Lucy. When she shook her head again, he brought the knife over to my stomach. I felt it pressing into my skin. All I could think of was my poor baby. Lucy stood up and tried to free her own mouth. Finally Rick took the knife off of me and freed her gag. "I'll tell you, just please don't hurt that innocent child. Please, sir."

He started to laugh. "You think that child is innocent? That child was conceived in a dirty ass hotel room. It wasn't made out of love. No man would ever love this little tramp. I found her roaming the streets and that's exactly where her body is going to be found once I'm done with her. Mark my word, little lady, she won't be missed."

I went to back away from Rick, but as I did, I heard the gun drop from out of the back of my pants. As it hit the floor, Rick was quick to reach behind me and grab it.

"Looky here. What, did you think you could get free and save everyone from me?" He pointed the pistol at my stomach. I tried to free my hands that were behind my back. They were getting looser, but not enough to get free. He pressed the gun harder into my skin. "How bad did you want to be a mother, Amy?"

I shook my head. "Please don't do this. I will give you whatever you want. I have money. You can have all of it, just please don't hurt my baby."

He started laughing. "You don't get it do you? I don't give a shit about you or your baby. I want you dead and after I get what I want, that's how it's going to be."

I backed myself up as far as I could go. If this really was my last moments on this earth, I needed to at least figure out how to save those women. I didn't want to have to die in vain. Conner needed to know that I was brave. He needed to know that my death had purpose.

Chapter 28

Conner

Colt stayed with my mother, Van and the kids, while John and I headed to the main house. I understood how he couldn't deal with leaving his wife vulnerable when there was a crazy person out there. That man had come too close to Noah for Colt to be calm.

John and I had a plan. We knew what we had to do. As soon as we found that Lucy was fine, we were going to head out into the woods and start looking there.

I was getting desperate. I had no idea how long that Amy had been missing and without a single phone call, I wasn't exactly being handed a lot to go on.

Every single second that passed, left me with more concern that I wasn't going to get to her in time. I shouldn't have been thinking the worst, but I just couldn't help myself. I was actually imagining the police coming to my house and telling me that they found her body, like Rick had threatened. It was difficult for me to get it out of my head. I'd never met someone that wanted a beautiful woman dead for no reason. What fueled him to be so cruel? How did someone like Amy get involved with that loser in the first place?

It wasn't just that he took Amy. He had my child too. If I lost one, I knew it would be both of them. The chance of my child surviving would be slim to none. I couldn't believe that I was thinking all of these terrible things. I needed to be optimistic and keep telling myself that they were going to be alright. I had to.

When we got closer to the house, I noticed that Lucy's little car was still parked around the side. She had to be somewhere and just couldn't hear us when we were calling. John and I got to the front door. "I'll go find her and meet you back here. I'm sure she's in the laundry room or somethin'. She can't hear worth a damn anymore."

John agreed and stayed on the porch while I made my way in the house. Just like all of the time lately, the house was quiet. I walked through the dining room area and then into the kitchen. The house was spotless. I checked the laundry room and then headed upstairs. When I couldn't find her at all, I headed for the family room, before meeting John outside. While going in that direction, I picked up my phone and dialed Lucy's number. The ringing was coming from the family room. I started running toward the sound and stopped dead in my tracks. Rick was standing there with Amy's gun in his hand. Lucy was tied up on the couch, while Heather was on the floor close to her. As I walked toward them, he turned around and noticed me. As he did it, I saw Amy on the floor behind him. I went running toward her, but with one wave of the gun, I froze.

Rick had the gun pointed at Amy's stomach. "You take one more step and I kill everything you love with one squeeze of this trigger." He turned and looked at Amy. "Your knight is here to save his damsel. I guess you can both die together."

"The only person that's goin' to die is you. Touch her again and see what I do to you."

Rick paid no attention to my threats. He aimed that gun right at Amy's stomach. As soon as he turned his head to look at her, Heather came lunging at him with her hands still behind her back. The gun went flying across the hardwood floor and I didn't waste any time going after that bastard myself. My body rammed into Rick's. I swung hard, hitting him right in the jaw. His head swung around and he started to lose his balance. I grabbed the collar of his shirt and hit him again, right in the same place. Blood went flying and his eyes started to close. I held onto his shirt tighter and slammed his head against the floor. I wanted him to bleed. I wanted him to die watching me saving Amy.

I laid his knocked out body down and reached over to free Amy's hands. She wrapped her arms around my neck and started to sob. "You're okay, darlin' Oh my God, I thought I lost you. You had me so damn scared."

"I thought I was going to die." She continued to cry.

I picked her up and carried her over to the couch Then I started to untie Heather and Lucy. Just as I was getting the last loop loosened on Lucy's rope, I heard the girls scream. Rick had woke up and took a dive to obtain the gun across the room.

I sprung forward trying to get to it faster than him. Our hands met at the base of the gun. As I attempted to punch him in the face, he jerked his hand, with the gun, away from me. He pointed it right at me and then laughed as he moved it to face Amy. "As much as I'd like to kill you, I think it would be more fun to let you watch her die. If you have anything you want to say to her, you better say it now. You have about ten seconds to get it all out."

I had one chance to save Amy and the baby that I already loved so much. They could live a good life, even without me in it. My family would take care of them. They would keep them safe and make sure that they never had to worry about anything. My mother would love her grandchild and they would be able to remember me through that child.

They were my responsibility, my only reason for living. I had to try and give them more time on this precious earth. In all of my life there had been one constant. It was my love for the land. I wanted Amy to have the chance to appreciate the small things in life. I looked toward her. She was crying so badly. In a few moments she would be crying even more, but hopefully she would have a chance to get free of this evil man. "Darlin' you are the only woman that I have ever loved. You know that, right?"

She nodded. "I love you, too. I love you so much, Conner. I wanted you from the first moment you saved me. No man has ever compared to you."

As she said it, Rick looked her way. It was enough to give me a window to make my move. "No matter what, you take care of our child, Amy." I lunged my body toward Rick. "Run!" We went rolling on the floor. I saw Amy out of the corner of my eye. She got up and started running out of the room.

I swung my arm around to hit Rick, but he was able to move out of the way. In the background I could hear screaming. I needed to keep him down so the girls could get away. I pushed myself into him again. My body felt heavier and I used it to my advantage. I held it over him, keeping him from moving. The room started to feel cold. I tried not to notice it, but it was freezing. I swung at Rick one more time, missing him again. He managed to free himself of my hold. Then he stood up and punched me in the face. I felt his whole fist slamming into my jaw, but for some reason I couldn't feel the pain of it. Maybe it was just the adrenaline. I went to lift up my hands to grab ahold of Rick, but they felt too heavy to move. I tried again and this time I actually made contact. His head went sideways and his body stilled. He was laying down beside me.

Everything was getting blurry again.

My eyes were still open but I couldn't see anything.

I needed to know if Amy was alright. Had Lucy and Heather gotten out of the room too? Did John finally come in to check on us? Why couldn't I think clearly?

Something was wrong.

My eyes went back into focus. Someone was standing over me. They were yelling at me, except I couldn't hear what they were saying. I couldn't tell who they were. This made no sense.

Where was Amy?

Did she get free?

What happened to Rick?

My body was being touched. I could feel that. The person in front of me was saying something important. They were telling me to hold on. They were begging me to stay awake.

But I was awake. I had beat Rick. He was laying somewhere, injured.

Chapter 29

Amy

One minute I am fearing for my life and the next Conner is coming in to save me. I don't know how he found us and I don't even care. He was there , exactly where I needed him to be.

Rick held that gun close to my belly. I could feel my child moving around inside, like they knew that we both should be running away from this crazy man. I just couldn't take the chance. I knew if I tried to get away he would become more enraged and try to kill me.

In a matter of minutes, I think I had gone through every single emotion possible. If anyone could get us out of this situation, it was Conner.

Rick pushed all of his buttons and even though I was scared to death, I could smell the testosterone in the room. Rick hated Conner, just as much as Conner hated Rick. They had words and then they went after each other. When the gun went flying and they started wrestling around the floor, I did as he told me and started to run out of the room. It wasn't until I heard the one single gunshot that I froze in place. I was afraid to look back, knowing that it had a fifty percent chance of being Conner instead of Rick.

A few things happened simultaneously. I heard John's voice calling us to run out of the house. I turned and rushed to find Conner. Rick got up and started coming towards me.

He had blood all over him, but still came at me. I looked around and didn't see the knife anywhere. On the floor lay Conner's body. I froze, unable to comprehend just what I was doing. I had to get to Conner. He had to be okay. This couldn't be happening, not to him, not to us.

I turned to hear Rick growling and lifting the gun up in front of me. "If I were you, I'd turn your fat ass around and start walking. There is nothing you can do for him now." He came up behind me and grabbed me. "You're going to help me get out of here and then we are going to find out how to get me my money."

I wanted to tell him that he didn't have any money and because he had shot Conner, there would never be any. The family would stop at nothing to see Rick pay for hurting their kin. I closed my eyes and kept moving. He pushed me to walk faster.

John appeared in the doorway with his gun cocked. "Put down the gun and get your hands in the air. It's over Rick. I've got the house surrounded."

Rick pushed the gun into my stomach. It was hurting me, but I was afraid to cry. I was afraid to let myself feel anything, especially when I knew that Conner was in the other room, bleeding. I just wanted to see him. He needed to know that I was right here. He needed to know that I would never leave him.

I knew I was panicking inside. The more I tried to breathe and be strong, the more I feared I was failing horribly. "Rick, please. Think about this. If you hurt me, they are going to kill you."

He pushed the gun into my stomach harder, almost knocking the wind out of me. "Shut the f**k up, bitch!" He pushed me forward again. "I think you're here all alone. I think I'm going to walk right out the door and there ain't a damn thing you're going to do. Besides, if you shoot me, I will still have time to get a bullet in this little bitch here. Now, toss me your gun and back away from the door."

John just stood there, aiming the gun at Rick. "This is your last chance. Let the girl go."

Rick laughed again. I heard the gun click. A lump formed in my throat and I felt like I could't breathe. I swallowed it and closed my eyes. Sure, I could try to throw my head back at him or kick his shin, but he could also shoot me just as easily.

"John, please just listen to him. I need you to get to Conner. Lower your gun and let us by." I think that both John and Rick were equally shocked. John shook his head. He didn't want to do that. I asked again. "Please!"

He bent over and sat his gun on the floor. "Now, just let the woman go."

Rick shook his head. "I don't think so. Amy here is my ticket out of here. Move out of my way!"

"John, please. You need to get to Conner." I was pleading with him. He had to know how important it was to get to Conner. The room behind us was silent and that was never a good sign. I couldn't even begin to let myself think that he could really be gone.

John backed away and held up his hands. I hated being forced to walk past the man, but Conner seemed to be my only concern. He just had to be okay.

I looked back when we reached the foyer and saw John rushing down to the floor in the family room. I could hear him saying Conner's name and telling him to stay awake. That meant that he was alive...right?

Rick pushed me out of the house. He kept the gun pointed at my belly as we made our way to the hidden mail truck. I looked all around the property and didn't see all the police cars like John had told Rick about. I should have known it was bluff. If the police were on their way, we would be long gone before they arrived.

After pushing me into the back of the truck, Rick shut the door and climbed into the front seat. He reached into his pockets and I heard him cussing. "Shit! I dropped my damn keys in that house." He pointed the gun back at me. "Come here!"

I crawled forward. "Give me your hands."

I lifted my hands up in front of him. He grabbed a zip tie and wrapped it tightly around my wrist and then secured it to the seat belt. "You try to get free and I will kill you. You understand?"

I nodded and watched him climb out of the truck. Once he was gone, I slumped down on the metal truck floor and let myself break down. This was the absolute worst thing that I could have ever imagined happening. I just had to know that Conner was going to survive this. My tears continued until I heard the back door opening. I spun my body around in case it was Rick.

Heather climbed inside. She held her finger to her lip. "Shh, I don't know how long we have. She grabbed the zip tie and looked around the truck for something to break it with. It wasn't like there was a pair of scissors laying around. Heather smiled and pulled out a knife from the waist of her pants. She started rubbing it back and forth until the tie came loose. I shook off the sensations of how tight it had been.

Before I could turn around to climb out. The driver's side door flew open. I put my hands back and pretended I was still hooked up, while Heather ducked her body behind the driver's seat so that he couldn't see her. We stared at each other as the truck engine started.

Heather reached over and touched my belly. I was shocked at first, but she looked up at me with tears in her eyes and pointed to her own. I knew right then that she was trying to change because she had a chance at real happiness herself. I cried more imagining never being able to see or touch Conner again. The mail truck started whipping around as Rick attempted to get off of the ranch. I lost my balance and went rolling across the bed of the truck. Rick slammed on the brakes, sending me crashing back into his seat. He grabbed me by the neck. "How did you get free, bitch?"

Heather grabbed him by the neck and started choking him with a plastic zip tie. "She had help!"

I watched his face turning red as the air was being cut off. Finally, his hands let go of me. I fell back against the hard metal floor. Rick was digging his fingers into Heather to try to free her hold on his neck. I saw the gun between his legs. There was no hesitation as I took a deep breath and threw my body forward.

As soon as I had it in my hands, I slid back and aimed it right at Rick. "Put your hands in the air, or I will blow your God damn head from here to Texas."

Heather slowly let go and backed away from the seat. Rick laughed. "Yeah, right. You expect me to believe that you even know how to use that?"

I aimed for the window right beside his head and fired. It was loud and I was pretty sure I had busted out at least one of my eardrums. Heather held onto her ears and tried to keep her eyes on what was going on.

Right away, Rick held up his hands. "Alright! Alright! What do you want now?"

I froze. What was I supposed to do now? Was I supposed to let this man, who had possibly killed the father of my child, just go to prison? Oh hell no!

I aimed the gun at his thigh and fired. He grabbed his leg and screamed out in agony. "That was for all the times you lied to me.

I shot him in his arm. "That was for all the times you laid a hand on me."

"Stop it! Please!" He was pleading with me to spare his life, but all I could see was Conner lying on that floor.

I shot him in the stomach. "That was for everything you did to me and the people I care about and for forcing Heather into hiding just because she didn't want to hurt people anymore."

He cried more. I knew he was in pain and all I wanted to do was smile. "Please, Amy. Call an ambulance. I'm going to bleed out here."

"You stopped at nothing until you took him away from me. Was it that hard for you to know that I was truly happy? I hate you. You are the real life devil and you deserve to spend an eternity in Hell for what you've done."

Rick made one last attempt to get to me. He threw his body in my direction and I fired.

His body slumped over me.

Heather helped me push him off so that I could stand up. We could hear police sirens in the far distance and knew help was coming.

She grabbed my hand and we both pushed open the back doors to the mail truck. Police cars surrounded the truck and we were met with officers running toward us. They surrounded the truck, but what they found wasn't going to be what they expected. The only thing left inside was Rick's lifeless body. He may have taken his first wife's life. He may have ruined his second's, but I'd be damned if I was going to let him take anything away from me anymore.

I kept hold of Heather's hand until I saw the ambulance pulling up in the distance and then I ran as fast as my pregnant body would allow. The only place I wanted to be was with Conner. I just had to know if he was still alive.

Chapter 30

Conner

It was John. He was telling me to stay awake. That's the only thing that I was sure of. Everything was blurry but I could make out his beard and the sound of his voice. A female voice started talking to me. My hopes of it being Amy were disappointing when I heard the slight Spanish accent. It was Lucy who was holding my hand.

One minute I was starting to be able to focus and then the next I wouldn't be able to hold my eyes open at all. I wasn't in that much pain. It was more that I was freezing.

I had to stay focused. I had to get to Amy.

I was fighting. There was no way for me to be sure how bad it was, but I knew I was seriously injured.

When I opened my eyes again, I could have sworn that I was seeing daylight. A rush of reality came over me when I wondered if I was dying. Soon, I felt someone putting something over my face. The loud sounds of rattling forced me to open my eyes. I think I was in an ambulance.

I tried to lift my head, but the person next to me pushed it back down. "Try to keep still."

I didn't want to keep still. I wanted to know where Amy was. I didn't give a damn about going to a hospital. Not if she was out there somewhere with Rick. If I'd gotten injured that could only mean that Rick got away.

"Amy..." It probably didn't even sound like her name out loud, but in my mind it came out right.

I thought about Amy, forcing myself to focus on just her. I couldn't give up hope.

My body was in a battle with my mind. Although I tried to fight, I was playing a losing battle. My eyes became heavy again and I could feel myself losing control. Amy was the last thought I had before everything went to black.

Chapter 31

Amy

I watched the ambulance pulling away. In the distance I could see Colt's truck approaching. Once he noticed me standing there with a blanket around me, he jumped out of his truck and came running my way. His hands reached out for my shoulders and he pulled me into his arms. "Damn, woman, you had us so worried. Where's everyone else?"

I pulled away from Colt and started shaking my head.

"Conner? John?" His eyes were huge. I'd never realized how they were the exact color of Conner's. I was consumed with angst and just collapsed to the ground. Colt kneeled down and touched my arm. "Amy?" He must have waived down an officer. "I need some help over here."

They picked me up and carried me to the backseat of one of the squad cars. I was too upset to look at either of them. All I wanted was to know what was happening with Conner. Thankfully, Colt wanted the same answers.

"My cousin and John. Do you have any idea what happened?"

I looked up just as the officer began explaining. "Your cousin suffered a gunshot to his abdomen. The ambulance took him out of here a couple minutes ago. John went with him. He wasn't harmed."

I jumped up out of the car. "You have to get me to the hospital!" I wasn't asking. I was ordering Colt to take me. "Colt, please!"

"Ma'am, we will need you to make your official statement. I suppose we can meet you at the hospital. Since you are all so close to the sheriff, I can count on him to keep track of you until I get there."

I nodded. "Yes, meet us there." I grabbed Colt's arm and pulled him toward his truck.

"Get in and get buckled!"

We took off and headed for the hospital. My whole body was shaking. The last time I saw Conner, he was laying lifeless on the floor. I had to see him. I had to know he was okay.

What if he wasn't? What would I do without his love? How could I go on without him being there with me? I buried my face into my hands and bawled my eyes out. Conner was everything to me. He was my best friend, my partner and the father to our unborn child. As much as I had always wanted to be a mother, I didn't want to do any of this without him.

My world revolved around that man. His love for me is what had kept me sane. How was I going to raise a beautiful child alone? How could I live with the guilt that would come from him dying? All of this was my fault. I brought Rick into all of our lives. I did this.

If I never would have let myself fall for Conner, he would still be out there living his life. Instead he was fighting for it.

"Amy, did they catch Rick? Tell me they got his ass."

I sniffled and wiped the tears from my eyes. "You don't have to worry about Rick ever again."

"They killed him? You know, I try to live my life as a good Christian, but that man was evil. His fate was set a long time ago. I don't think anyone will miss that man."

I agreed. "The police didn't kill Rick." I looked right at Colt. "I did. I shot him."

He reached out and grabbed my hand. I knew it was a kind gesture. It was a shock for me to be able to say that I took the man's life. "Are you alright?"

I shook my head. "It doesn't matter right now. I just need to get to Conner. I have to know...I have to know he's going to be okay. I can't live with myself if I lose him. This is all my fault."

"Conner is a grown man, Amy. He made his own decisions. There's no tellin' what people are capable of. Conner did what he wanted. He wanted to protect you and his unborn child. There ain't no good man that would turn their back on that situation. He wouldn't want you thinkin' that and you know it."

He was right, but it didn't make me change my mind. "Please just drive faster."

"I'm nearin' a hundred, darlin'. I'd like us to arrive in one piece if that's alright with you." I knew he was doing the best he could. "How are you feelin'? I think when we arrive and find out about Conner, you should get checked out yourself. You've been through a hell of an ordeal."

I nodded. "Yeah, maybe I will. I'm not doing anything until I see him though."

"I know." We finally pulled into the hospital parking lot. Colt hadn't even turned off the truck before I was jumping out and running toward the entrance. The information desk was straight ahead and I ran up and cut in front of these two women. "I'm so sorry. This is an emergency. Where can we find Conner Healy? He was brought in by ambulance."

"Go to emergency and check in with them."

I didn't wait for the woman to say anything else. I grabbed Colt by the arm and rushed toward the emergency department. The triage nurse was reading a book as I approached. She looked up with beady eyes and smiled. "Can I help you?"

"Conner Healy. He was shot." I realized I could have worded it better, but all that I cared about was finding him.

She stood up and walked over to a computer. I saw the concerned look on her face. My stomach started to feel queasy. I didn't know what I was going to do if we didn't make it in time. "I will have someone come out to talk to you shortly. Have a seat over there." She pointed to the waiting room.

This wasn't good. Why couldn't she tell us?

Colt grabbed my hand once we were sitting. Neither of us knew what to say. I knew he was probably fearing the same outcome as I was. We would all be devastated. Tears fell down my cheeks and I didn't care about the people that were staring. My boyfriend was back there somewhere and we didn't even know if he was alive.

Conner's mother and Van arrived about thirty minutes after us. I could tell from the look on Karen's face that she was as worried as I was. I stood up and accepted her hug. "I'm so sorry for all of this."

She rubbed my back. "Amy, you didn't do this. All we can do now is pray."

I saw Van and Colt having a serious discussion in the corner. She looked more mad than upset and I couldn't understand why.

"Where is John? We haven't seen him since we got here. Wasn't he with Conner?"

"He won't answer his phone, I've been calling him non-stop. I asked if I could go back, but the nurse told me I had to wait too. How are you? Is the baby okay? Do you need to get checked out?"

"I'm fine. I just want to know something."

So we prayed. I begged the Lord to spare the love of my life. I begged him to give us a chance to be a family. I also begged him to forgive me for taking another man's life.

The thing was, I had this terrible feeling that because I shot Rick, I would lose Conner as punishment. Life was all about trial and error. My actions may have cost me everything.

At least an hour later, a doctor came out and announced Conner's last name. We all stood up as he approached.

"Mr. Healy was brought in with a gunshot wound to the left side of his abdomen. Once we got the blood loss stopped we were able to go in and take a look at the damage. The wound was a through and through and it missed all of his organs. We are working on getting him a transfusion and some fluids to help with recovery. If you give us about twenty minutes to get him into his own room, you can all go back and see him. He's a very lucky man."

Karen turned around hugged me. We were both crying different tears. Conner was going to be okay. "Everything is going to be okay." She kept hugging me and I knew she was just so happy that her son was going to pull through.

As much as the whole family was just busting to see him, I wanted to see him first. Maybe it was selfish, but for a while I had imagined my life without Conner. It was just unbearable.

Finally, a nurse came out to escort us all to Conner's room. A few police officers were standing around and I recognized the one from the ranch. He smiled as I got closer. "Looks like he's goin' to pull through, ma'am. I'm just goin' to hang around until after you've spent some time together. We can talk here so you don't have to leave. I've already cleared everything with the sheriff, so just take your time."

"Thank you. Where is John?" I needed to thank him for everything that he'd done for me. Without his training, I wouldn't have been able to handle that gun the way I had. Although, there wouldn't have been a gun involved at all.

"Once he knew everything was alright, he had to go out and meet the coroner back at the scene."

I forgot all about Rick's body. Of course, someone had to come pick it up. It wasn't like we could just burn it. "Oh, I see. So what will they do with it?"

He laughed and shook his head. "I ain't never had someone ask me that before. Excuse me for bein' all rude. I reckon that if nobody comes to claim it, they will burn it up and toss out the ashes."

"He doesn't even deserve that." Maybe it was unkind to speak that way about the dead, but I didn't give a rat's ass. Rick was the scum of the earth.

"It seems like the man caused a lot of problems everywhere he went. Once I get everyone's statements together, we will be able to close this out pretty quickly. John's already explained what happened and I got both Heather and Lucy's statements as well. We are aware this was self-defense. I hope you aren't worried about that."

The thought hadn't crossed my mind. I had fought for my life. Clearly it wasn't my fault. "It was me or him. I had no choice."

He put up his hands. "It's best that we don't talk about that until we are on the record. I will get up with you later on. I think the nurse is ready for you to all go in now." He pointed in the direction of Conner's room.

I saw Karen waving me over. "Get your tail over here. He isn't going to want to see any of us, if you aren't there first."

I grabbed her hand and we walked together into the room. Conner was hooked up to several machines that were monitoring his stats. He had his eyes closed, but as I touched his arm, I watched them open. Oxygen was being given to him through two tubes. He coughed when he first tried to speak.

I saw his fingers moving around and put my hand in his. He seemed relieved to see me, but it couldn't be more than I was to see him. I started to cry immediately. "I thought I lost you."

"I'm tough."

Karen and I laughed. "We know."

"Had to fight..." We could tell he was weak. "Had to save you..."

I leaned over and kissed him. "It's over Conner. He can never hurt us again."

He squeezed my hand. "My Blaze."

I nodded. "Yes, I'm all yours."

Chapter 32

Conner

I hated hospitals.

Amy ended up staying with me overnight. She refused to leave my side.

My mother finally forced her to go home and rest, knowing she needed it more than me. Amy had been through hell and back. She'd not only shot a man to survive, but it had taken a mental toll on her. I knew she was blaming herself for what happened to me. I heard her saying it when she thought I was sleeping.

Still, she stayed by my side until the day I was released to go home. Amy didn't know it, but while my family had her help them plan a welcome home party for me, it was really a surprise shower for her. The best part of the surprise was that my sister and Ty were there, as well as her father. She cried more when she saw them.

Randa must have been a nervous wreck over what happened. She was too far away to do anything and Ty was shorthanded on the farm since I hadn't been there. They had brought the kids with them and I couldn't believe how big the boys had gotten.

After all of the hugs, everyone gathered around Amy to watch her open all of her gifts. Ty and Colt finally pulled me to the side. "I know the timing is bad, but I need to know what your future plans are. Do you still want to build the house in North Carolina?" Ty's question was necessary. He needed the manpower, so if I wasn't planning on going back, he needed to hire someone to fill my shoes.

Of course, Colt was wondering the same thing. With me being back in Kentucky, he was able to spend extra time at home with his wife and kids. I knew he was getting used to that.

I couldn't base my decision on them. It had to be what was best for Amy and our child too. "I haven't had a chance to talk to Amy about it. It's not a decision that I can just make myself anymore. I have to do what's best for my family now."

Ty smacked me in the shoulder. "Look at you, being all responsible and shit."

"Be gentle, unlike your pu**y ass, I actually took a bullet." Colt started laughing, while Ty just looked defeated. "Aww, what's wrong? Did I hurt your feelin's?"

"No, I was just thinking maybe I should go out and shoot myself twice. That way I don't have to hear your shit for the rest of our lives." I couldn't think of a comeback for that.

Colt laughed again and put his arm around me. He handed me a beer. "I think you win the title for bein' the toughest. Unlike dipshit over there, I am okay with it. There ain't no way I would shoot myself for a label. Damn fool!"

Ty flipped him the bird and walked away.

"Colt, thanks for bein' great to Amy during everything. I know I haven't had a chance to say it."

"No need to thank me, cuz. You would have done the same for me. I remember when my father passed. You drove everyone around and never complained." I never said a word because I felt like I was losing my father all over again. Uncle Mitch had been my only father figure. When he took that fall and ended up losing his life, we were all devastated.

"Colt, I need to know somethin'. If we decided to move to North Carolina, is there goin' to be any hard feelin's? I've got to be honest when I say that it meant a lot to be so close to Randa. We've always been together and as much as I love bein' home, I'm starting to feel like that's where I want to raise my children."

"Children?" He caught on to my comment.

"Well, yeah. I'd like to have a couple. You and Ty seem real happy with your children. Van is due any day with your third. I think two would a good round number."

Colt shook his head at me. "It amazes me how you've changed in so many ways, but also somehow managed to stay the same. You're right though, the kids are great. Noah has become such a big help. He loves his sister and he'll love the next one too. Savanna is a good mother. I think that really helps. She's so good with the children too. She's got way more patience than I have. That woman can handle a bucket of paint falling down a set of stairs."

"You still seem real happy."

Colt looked over at Van, who was handing Amy another gift to open. "I don't remember a time where I didn't love that woman. She was worth the fight and if I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't have changed a thing. Just look at all that she's given me. She fits into our family like she's always belonged."

While he was talking, I didn't take my eyes off of Amy. She looked up and I winked. "Seems like the ones you have to fight for are usually the ones you don't want to live without. I happened to pick the one woman that I couldn't have."

"I didn't see you goin' about things any different. You're famous for making things harder on yourself."

I shook hands with my cousin, before he walked over to rag on Ty some more. When I realized I was too weak to follow him, I headed back into the room and sat down near Amy. I knew that men weren't supposed to be around, but I was too damn tired and sore to stand around for hours. My discharge papers said that I was supposed to be resting.

Randa had brought a bunch of gifts from some of Amy's favorite clients. Some of them even wrote her nice little notes asking her to move back soon. She seemed touched by their kind words.

With Rick out of the picture, everything had changed for us. We could go back to North Carolina and live a happy life without Amy's ex trying to ruin our lives or put us in early graves. It was because of Rick that we'd spent over a year in fear. This was the first real time in our relationship when we were free.

I think we both needed to consider where would be the best place to live. My mind was already made up, I just needed Amy to feel the same.

The family being here was great, but once the presents were opened, they played their little games and the food was almost gone, it was time for everyone to go home. I didn't even wait to say goodbye to everyone. When my head hit the pillows on my bed, I was out like a light. I knew my mother and the girls would make sure Amy didn't have to clean up.

When she finally came to bed, it was dark outside. I had no idea what time it was, or how long I had been asleep. I refused to take my pain medication due to my earlier addiction with it. Over the counter medicine could take the edge off, but it wasn't the best.

I reached over and pulled Amy into my arms. "Did everyone leave?"

She kissed my nose. "They are all still on the ranch, but we're alone here."

"Were you surprised?"

"You knew about it didn't you?" She sat up and looked shocked.

"I just found out the other day. It just worked out that I got discharged and they were able to have it here. You know my family. They were plannin' this shit for months."

"I was so surprised. I knew they would have a shower, I just didn't know it would be today. Getting you home was the best day for me."

I pulled her back down, even though it hurt my stomach. "Now that we don't have anything standin' in our way. Where would you like to spend forever? Do you want to stay here, or do you want to go back to North Carolina? Our permits have been approved. We could break ground in as early as two weeks."

Amy rolled on her back and put both of her hands on her belly. I put one of my hands on top of hers. The baby was moving all around and it made me smile knowing that it would be born and never know the hell that we had gone through. I was completely fine with that.

"You know, when I didn't know if you were going to make it, I asked myself the same question. Would I be able to move back to North Carolina and move on with my life? Would I want to be here so that your mother could be close to her grandchildren? I didn't know what to do. Now that I know you're okay, everything is different. I'd go anywhere as long as it's with you."

"I should have been packin' my own gun that day. None of this shit would have ever happened to me. I could have taken that f**ker out before he even knew I was there."

Amy's head leaned into my shoulder. She lifted our locked hands into the air above us. "Conner, it doesn't even matter. The police set me up with a great counselor and after we knew you were out of danger, I focused on moving forward. I can work anywhere, but it would be nice to have a brand new house to raise our child in."

"Our children."

"Children? Really?" I liked how she sat up and wondered how serious I was.

"Yeah. You've had time to stay home and enjoy bein' pregnant. Just imagine bein' able to stay home and raise our children. I'd never admit to bein' jealous of Ty, but I do envy that he gets to see my sister and their kids whenever he wants. I don't want to have daycare."

Amy took her finger and traced where the bullet had gone in. She was extremely gentle considering how tender it was. "Do I get to pick out the colors?"

"Are you going to put pink in my house?"

She cocked her eyebrow. "Not in every room."

I laughed and shook my head. "Do I get a blow job once a week?"

This time she laughed and her head fell into my chest. I cringed when the pain shot through my skin. "Sorry, but what does getting a blow job have to do with paint colors?"

"If I'm goin' to have to look at somethin' so hideous for long periods of time, I think I should get somethin' out of it. Be fair, Blaze."

She leaned up and kissed me on the lips. "Fine!"

"Now, that's what I'm talkin' about!"

Chapter 33

Amy

For two people that were supposed to be taking things easy, Conner and I jumped right into the construction of our new house in North Carolina. I think Miranda was more excited than we were when we told her what we'd decided.

Conner hated leaving Colt shorthanded, but Colt swore that he did fine before and he would do fine now.

We moved back into Ty and Miranda's house so that we would be close to the new house. To speed things up, Conner hired contractors to lay the footers and do the framing. We picked the best time to build a house. All of the local contractors were hungry for work and they got right on every job Conner needed. In just two weeks the house was framed. The plumbers and electricians came the next week and once they were finished we just had to wait for inspections to be able to proceed. In the meantime, Conner and I bickered about selections. He wanted the whole house to be in some kind of woodsy decor. I was alright with it being in the office and the family room. I knew all about the animal heads that he was planning on filling our walls with, but the last thing I wanted was to stare at a dead animal while I was sitting on a toilet.

Finally, I got him to agree to settle for some nice neutral colors. We decided to wait on picking anything for the baby's room, until he or she was born and we could make a better decision based on that.

As far as the baby's room in Kentucky, well that was easy. Conner's mother decided that she was just going to leave the house for all of us kids to use when we came to visit. The baby's room could stay the same and be used by not only our children, but Miranda's as well.

Conner and I have never been happier. Sure we argued all the time about things regarding the house, but without someone lurking and scheming to hurt us, our lives had changed so drastically. The salon sold, and even though he argued with me, I split the money with my father. The old man then got a hair up his ass and I got paperwork in the mail for a bank account set up for my child. Knowing he would just fight me about it, I finally gave in and just let him get excited about being a grandfather again. My brother and sister barely spoke to the man, so our rekindled relationship meant the world to both of us.

Karen and John came and stayed for two weeks once the boys started working on the drywall and inside construction. They spent a lot of late nights working until they finished whatever task they were working on that particular day. Conner was always tired, but almost seemed giddy. I was getting excited myself. Miranda and I spent our weekends driving out to the big city shopping for all new furniture and things to fill the house with. I knew it drove Conner crazy, but his main concern was that I was going to go into labor while being so far away.

When we got into the last month of my pregnancy, I'd only gained twenty seven pounds, but it felt like two hundred. I was tired and my feet started to swell if I stood for a long time. The twins were starting to crawl all around and Bella could never stay occupied for more than ten minutes. Sharing a house with a family was difficult enough, but add being nine months pregnant and it became unbearable.

I spent most of my time out in the recliner in the party room of the barn, or at the new house laying around on the dirty floor. Conner hated it and would always find something comfortable for me to sit or lay around on.

I went into labor on a Monday night. Conner was hanging lights in the kitchen and getting ready for the granite guys to show up the next morning. I was sweeping up some dust that had accumulated on the new flooring when a gush of warm liquid fell down onto the floor. I froze and just stood there looking down at the floor.

"Conner, I think you need to come here for a minute." I was afraid to move.

"You're goin' to have to wait. I got one more light to hang before I can get down."

I seriously was starting to feel myself freaking out. "I don't give a shit about those damn lights. I need you, right now!"

I heard him hop down and start walking toward me. "Damn woman, what could be so ...Oh hell, is that what I think it is?"

I nodded, but said nothing. "Well, what happens now?"

"We go to the hospital and have a baby. What do you think happens? Did you not learn about how a baby comes out?"

He grabbed me by the arm and walked me away from the puddle. "Do we have time to clean up the mess or do we leave it? Does that shit stain?"

"I have no idea if it stains. Are you joking right now? Do I need to call your sister to help me?" I was wondering if Conner was joking or being serious. At that very moment, I couldn't tell.

"We got your bag in the truck already. The doctor's number is on my phone and I will call my sister and let her know we are on the way to the hospital. Take a few deep breaths, Blaze. I got this!"

Conner helped me get into the truck and in no time at all, we were pulling up at the hospital. On the drive over my contractions were coming at about five minutes apart. The pain was intense but it didn't last very long when it came. Conner held my hand the whole way and tried his hardest to get me to focus on breathing.

Conner called the family and let them know that I was going into labor. I was both excited and scared. Ever since the day I found out I was pregnant, I'd wanted to know what I was having. I knew when I left this hospital I was going to have my answer. My heart pounded out of my chest as we went up to the maternity ward and were put right into a delivery room. Conner got comfortable in the chair beside me. He was playing with the television in between my contractions.

By the time the doctor arrived, I was having contractions every two minutes. I was already hooked to an IV and was in severe pain. "When can I have pain medication? I need an epidural!"

My doctor laughed at me. "First let's see how dilated you are. You don't want to get an epidural too early. You need to save it for when the real pain comes."

My eyes about popped out of my head. "The real pain? What is this, fake pain?"

I looked from the doctor to Conner. He was trying really hard to be supportive, except I was being more difficult than ever.

"Oh, well looky here. It appears that you are ready to pop this one right out."

I tried to back myself up on the bed, but with my feet in the stirrups and the doctor still holding my legs, it was impossible. I shook my head. "I'm not ready yet. You need to check again."

Conner took his hat off and started laughing at me. He got down where the doctor was and looked down between my legs. When I saw him look up at me, he looked like it was the worst thing he had ever seen.

"Oh my God, how bad is it?"

He scratched his head and put his hat back on. "It's...I didn't expect that."

"What? Is it ugly?" I completely forgot about the doctor between my legs. A contraction had started and in between the pain, I tried to finish the conversation. "Is it the ugliest thing you've ever seen? I changed my mind. I think I want a C-section."

The doctor started to laugh at me. "The swelling is all part of the process. It won't stay this way. You can't ask for a C-section. They are done for emergencies. Your baby is already starting to crown. As soon as the rest of the staff gets in here, we can get him or her delivered." I hated my doctor. Seriously, he was the devil. How could he not care about my swollen vagina? I needed it to always be pretty. Conner was younger. What if he left me for someone who never had a swollen vagina? What if he could never look at it again?

The pain made me forget what I was complaining about. Two nurses came in the room and one had a cart that had a plastic box for a baby.

Conner walked over beside me. He leaned down and kissed me on the lips. He put his mouth close to my ear. "You are the sexiest woman that I have ever seen, Blaze. I need you to be brave. Don't you want to meet our baby?"

I nodded and tried to breath. "Yes."

The doctor got me into position. My legs were placed in the stirrups and the doctor got comfortable in between my legs. Conner held onto one of my knees and he watched what was going on the whole time. I'd heard the stories where women pushed for hours before their baby's came out. My story was nothing like that. I pushed three times and felt the worst pain in my life as my skin ripped to allow our eight pound daughter to come out of me. I didn't have to have contractions for hours, or be uncomfortable while I waited to dilate. I didn't even have a chance to get an epidural.

No, our daughter wanted to come out and she wasn't willing to wait any longer.

Conner's eyes lit up as the doctor got her body out and handed her to the nurses to get cleaned up. She screamed with a healthy set of lungs and was then wrapped up and laid right in my arms.

I think even after Conner heard the doctor announce that it was a girl, he still needed to hear it again. He looked right at me with tears in his eyes. "We have a daughter?"

I knew I was crying and even though I was still in pain, all I cared about was my beautiful little girl. She had a full head of hair and just stared up at me. Conner kept kissing me while looking down at her. "Camille Madison Healy, I'd like you to meet your daddy." I handed Conner his daughter and watched the toughest man I knew break down with tears of happiness. Her little fingers wrapped around one of his and he kept kissing her over and over.

We knew our family was coming and they would soon be fighting over her and passing her around like a little sack of potatoes. This was our little private moment. Conner put her back on my chest and kissed me again. "She's so perfect."

"Yeah, she sure is."

Chapter 34

Conner

I never would have thought that my life would change so drastically after Cammie was born. That little girl became my world. We moved into our house on the day of her turning three weeks old. I will never forget what it was like to carry her up to her pink camouflage decorated nursery. I may have had to coax Amy, but it was worth it to me. Sure, I had agreed to a whole week of poop diapers and a few sexual favors, but with Amy breastfeeding and being up all night, she wasn't exactly in the mood to order me around. In fact, by the time I got home from working, she was ready for bed.

Our schedule could have used some work at first, but after the first two months, we were getting the hang of things. Cammie was starting to sleep at least six hours at night and I was getting to spend time with my other woman.

Since things had just been so crazy, we decided on having a very small wedding in our backyard. I built a gazebo and painted it white for the event. The family flew in, including Colt and Van's newest addition, Addison Hope. She was the spitting image of her siblings and the family couldn't get enough of her. She'd been born three weeks before Cammie and we all knew that they would grow up being close, just like all of us were.

Van did her usual picture taking, every chance she got. I swear, Amy and I never needed to have professional pictures done or anything; not when we had Van around. She'd even agreed to take the pictures for the wedding.

Amy wasn't like other girls, who dwelled on having this humongous wedding. She wanted things to be as simple as they could be. Even though she wouldn't let me see her dress, I knew it wasn't anything fancy. We agreed on it. In fact, it was hard enough for me to not wear a baseball cap. The only reason I'd done it for Colt and Randa's services was because my mother paid me fifty bucks. At the time, that bought a lot of booze.

Most guys get nervous on the big day, but not Conner Healy. Yeah, I referred to myself. I wasn't nervous because I knew without a doubt that this was exactly what I wanted to do. Every single time I looked into my daughters eyes I knew that her mother was my forever.

On that big day our families started rolling in, taking their part in our service. Colt surprised us and took some class to become an ordained minister, so he decided that I was to be his first marriage. It was pretty cool, so Amy and I didn't even think about saying no.

She'd been pretty secretive about something and I knew it had to do with the big day, so I couldn't wait to see what she had in store.

She was going to be pissed, but I wore my best jeans and my cowboy boots, along with a white button up shirt. Ty told me that it would look fine with what she was wearing, so I knew she was going to look hot.

It was about that time, where she would come walking out of the house and take my breath away, except when the music started, she didn't come out of the house. Instead, she came walking around the side of the house, pulling a decorated radio flyer wagon. Inside was the prettiest little thing just looking up at the sky. Her mother took my breath away. Amy had curls mixed with little white flowers stuck throughout her hair. She was wearing a little white sundress with my favorite cowboy boots. She had a bouquet of white daisies and a smile that was bigger than I had ever seen. In that moment, it didn't matter who was sitting in all those chairs. The only thing I saw was my girls. When she reached me, I pulled her into my arms and kissed her right away.

I could hear the crowd of family laughing at my rudeness. Colt tapped on my shoulder. "I know this is my first ceremony, but I'm pretty sure that comes last, cuz."

I pulled away and looked right into Amy's eyes. "You're so beautiful."

She smiled and looked into the crowd. "Sorry!"

Colt grabbed the fabric of both of our clothes and forced us to turn around and look his way. "Did ya'll want to be married today, or stand around and make out."

I looked down at Amy and she smiled. We looked back at Colt, and at the same time we said, "both!"

The crowd laughed. "Let's get this show on the road. I have a hot date tonight." I winked at Amy and the crowd started to laugh.

Colt started commencing the service. He read from his book and did a pretty damn good job. When it got to the part where we were to say our own vows, he sat down and gave us our moment.

Amy looked right into my eyes. Her's were watery, but she was doing a good job holding it together. She started to talk, but Cammie began to cry. My mother ran up and grabbed her, so that we could continue. I held her hands and rubbed them with my thumbs.

"Conner. You came into my life like a big fat jerk. I will never forget the first thing you said to me on that day we met. You told me that if I ever wanted a ride from a real cowboy, that I should come to you."

We could hear people making sounds like they were shocked. I looked out at our family. "Hey, I was just bein' honest."

Amy shook her head and started talking again. "There was a time in my life where I was in trouble and as much as I tried to avoid it, you were always there, keeping me safe. I don't know when the exact moment was that I fell in love with you, but once I did, I knew that you were all I'd ever want again."

I leaned down and kissed her again. When I started hearing comments, I looked out at my family. "This is my wedding and my damn yard. If I want to kiss my woman, I'm goin' to."

Some people started laughing.

I cleared my throat. "I thought about us saying our vows, and to be honest, I didn't want to. The idea is just crazy. We all know why we're here." I shook my head and smiled. Amy looked like she was going to kick me and those boots would hurt. "Here is my best rendition. "I knew when I first saw you that I wanted more. I waited a long damn time for you to give yourself to me, though. You had all these excuses on how it was never goin' to happen. I fought so darn hard for you. Hell, I even took a bullet for you. Now, you're all mine and that's just the way it's goin' to be. I love you, Blaze. I'll always love you." I slipped my mother's ring onto her finger and she looked up at me, shocked.

She threw her arms around my neck and planted the biggest kiss on me, including tongue. At first our family and friends were quiet, but once they realized that we weren't stopping, they began to clap.

I guess Colt gave up. "Okay, obviously they are married. Let's get this reception started."

My family always knew how to celebrate. They drank and ate. We didn't want any of those traditional things that most weddings had. We just wanted everyone to party with us.

Once it got dark outside, we lit a big bonfire and played some country music.

Our family was growing and our bonds were becoming stronger. I was real proud of that.

A little later, I couldn't find Amy. I knew she was probably putting Cammie to bed, so I went looking for her. When I reached the hallway, I saw her closing our daughter's bedroom door. She held her finger up to her lips and I nodded.

I grabbed Amy's hand and pulled her into our bedroom. I took my boot and closed the door, before pushing her up against it. She bit down on her lip and wrapped her arms around me. "Wives are supposed to please their man."

"I plan on it."

"I think you should start right now, because if I have to wait another damn minute to get you undressed, I don't know what will happen."

Amy kissed my lips slowly. "We can't have that, can we?"

I picked her up and wrapped her legs around my back. "Hell no!"

Amy reached down and unbuckled my belt. I felt my jeans loosen and her hand reach down inside. As soon as she had a hold of my cock, I knew we were going to get right down to business. "What about everyone outside?"

"We'll have to make it quick. Now slide them panties over and let me in." I kissed her hard, not holding back my pent up desire. I wanted her and I was going to have her, right here against this door.

As soon as it was in position, I thrusted myself inside of her. She gasped and found my lips again. I steadied my hold on her body, making sure she was sliding down. The door was making a banging sound each time I pushed my hot erection into her. We didn't care. We were too caught up in the moment to care about anything other than ourselves. I'd been fighting this erection since the moment I laid eyes on her coming around the corner of our house.

Amy licked at my ears and bit down on the lobe. I could feel her nails digging into my shoulders and the more it hurt the more I thrusted. She was fueling me to pick up the pace and give her all I had to give.

I found her lips and kissed her roughly, letting our tongues meet and mingle. She put her arms over her head and let me kiss and suck on the base of her smooth neck. I could feel my hot release getting ready to happen. She wanted it too. She looked directly into my eyes. "Do it, Conner. I want it so bad."

I lost myself in her words and filled her with two final thrusts. I placed my head against hers until I could catch my breath and then gently set her back down.

While both of us were getting cleaned up, I turned around and watched her watching me. "What?"

"It's nothing." She smiled but kept looking. "I just can't believe that we're married. I've never been so happy in my entire life. I don't know how or why you stayed by me, but thank you. Thank you for this beautiful home and our beautiful daughter. Thanks for this beautiful life."

"You don't ever have to thank me. There is one thing you can do for me." I walked over and pulled her into my arms, while standing next to the dresser.

"Anything!"

I grabbed her birth control pills. "Throw these away. I don't want to see them anymore. We have plenty of room to fill this house up."

She grabbed them out of my hand and tossed them into the trash. "That is the best idea I think you ever had. I'm going to love being your wife."

I kissed her slowly. "You better, Blaze. I'm countin' on it."

Epilogue

5 Years Later ...

Amy

"Happy Birthday!" I climbed into bed next to my beautiful daughter who was having her fifth birthday today. Another little body came running into the room and smacked right against the side of me.

"Happy Birfday, Cam." Little Josh climbed up into my lap. "Daddy gots a suppize."

Cammie sat up and smiled. She's recently lost one of her front teeth. "When is Christian and Addy coming, Mommy?"

"They won't be here until later. You know they have a long drive. Uncle Ty is coming over soon with Jake and Jax though. You can play with them if you want."

She put her hands across her chest and pouted. "They are meanies! Maybe Bella will want to play with me."

"She has dance practice and won't be here until later. Grandma and Pop are here. Maybe you can get them to play one of your new games. Get your slippers on and come into the kitchen." I stood and grabbed Josh. He would torment her if I left him in there with her.

Conner's mom was sitting in the living room with John. They were watching some travel show about China and having some in depth discussion regarding the cultures there. I walked right by them and found Conner in the kitchen where I'd left him. Sitting on the island was a very cute little two year old, still in her pajamas. "Babe, you can't let her sit on here like that. You know how she likes to climb around." I held out my hands. "Callie, come to Mommy. I will give you a pancake," I said in a baby voice.

"Pakes Pakes." Every one of our kids called them that.

Conner blew on one before ripping it into pieces and putting it on her tray. She grabbed two handfuls and shoved them into her mouth. "Slow down, little woman."

He leaned over and handed me his cup of coffee. It was no sense making my own cup when it just sat somewhere getting cold. I was totally fine sharing his anyway. "Thanks. So, what do we have left to do today?"

"I think we're good. You sure you trust my sister with the cake?"

"You saw the one she made for Addy. I'm sure it will be beautiful." I gave Conner the eye. The one I gave him when it was time for him to trust me.

"You didn't stay in bed long last night." He grabbed me and wrapped his arms around my waist. "Is the baby keepin' you up again?"

Out of habit, I rubbed my belly. "Yeah, this little guy doesn't like me to ever be comfortable."

"It's only one more month."

I rolled my eyes. "Don't remind me. I have too much to do before then."

"I will do it all. Go put your damn feet up and learn about the Chinese with my mother." I stared at him for as long as I could before bursting into laughter.

Callie started screaming when she saw her big sister walking in. Josh came following behind her. "Hey, how come her gets pake pakes, furst?" He put out his bottom lip and just stood there.

"Quit complainin' boy. Get up at the table and I will give em' to ya." Conner filled the plate and buttered them up, before sliding them over to our son.

Cammie walked right over and grabbed Conner at the waist. He picked her up and kissed her on the nose, like he always did. "I can't believe you're five. So does this mean you are movin' out and gettin' married?"

She laughed and shook her head. "No, silly. I'm only five."

He pretended to be relieved. "Shew, I was all scared for a second."

"Thanks for making me pake pakes, Daddy."

He sat her down and handed her a plate of them. "The birthday girl always gets pake pakes in this house."

I looked around the kitchen at the huge mess Conner had made and then I looked over at him sitting down at the table with the kids. He'd given us a beautiful life and was the best father I could have ever wanted for my children. His own dad would have been so proud of the man that Conner had become.

I was so glad that I let that Cowboy give me a ride, because he was right. My life would never be the same.

The End

