Preface

Charlie

It was the same dream that I'd been having for as long as I could remember. The only difference was that I knew it was a dream.

The hardwood floor felt cold against the little cotton nightgown that I was wearing. My hair was still wet from my bath and my mother had braided it to the back of my head. I could feel the tears falling down my cheeks right before they fell down to the puddle forming on the floor. My little heart was beating so fast and the only thing keeping me safe was the fact the he didn't know I was there, under my bed. As I clung tight to my teddy bear, that was missing an eye, I heard my mother screaming, followed by loud sounds of smacking.

"Please, Joe, don't do this." She pleaded with the last ounce of energy she had to defend herself.

Another loud slam and then a thump. "It wasn't my fault, I swear."

Smack. "Lies, all lies. I've heard this all before." His deep voice made my heart race faster.

I heard her hit the wall as she cried and continued to plead with the man.

My mother's body finally came crashing down on the wood floor in the hallway in front of my bedroom. I could see the top of her head as she tried to get up. Her loud sobs made me hold onto my teddy tighter. I wanted to help her so she didn't have to cry all the time, but she always made me run and hide from the bad man.

I couldn't see the bad man, in fact, I never could see his face, but I saw her body tightening up as she took each blow of his boot. "This is what happens when you lie to me, bitch. This is what you deserve!" He continued to kick on her legs.

I opened my eyes, because I had to know she was still okay. My mother was crying, but looking right at me. She brought her finger to her mouth to motion me to be quiet. I gave her a quick nod and leaned my head on my teddy, while covering my ears with my hands. I kept them closed, still able to hear the muffled sounds of my mother's pain.

I only opened them when I felt the floor vibrating.

He was coming into my room.

I was afraid to look, but I had to. "Charlie? Where are you hiding?"

I opened my eyes and his boots were at the foot of my bed. Out of fear, my body began to shimmy further back until my feet hit the wall. My teeth were chattering and I knew I was going to see his face.

Please don't hurt me. Please don't hurt me.

I could hear the creak of his back when he started to bend over. His hand grabbed the dust ruffle and moved it to the side.

This was it.

I could see his chin.

Where was my mother?

I put my hands over my ears again, closed my eyes and screamed as loud as I could.

Chapter 1

Charlie

When I sat up in my bed, the clock read three in the morning. My cell phone was blinking with a text message and the cat was curled up on the pillow next to me. I grabbed him into my arms and started petting his black coat, before looking over at the teddy bear that was still missing one eye. It was the only thing I still had from that life; the only thing that reminded me to never forget how far I had come.

Just like every other time I had been woken up from the nightmare that continued haunting me, I couldn't fall back asleep. Before my parents were killed in a house fire, they used to let me sleep with them and hold me tight whenever I had a bad dream. I'd been dealing with the dreams for ten years now and not even therapy or sleeping medication was keeping them away. Since I'd started at the university, they'd gotten even worse.

My therapy sessions hadn't really shown progress, considering that I was still dreaming of the man named Joe that was coming to find me under my bed. His name had haunted me for as long as I could remember. In fact, I didn't remember there ever being anyone with the name Joe in my life at all, not even in foster care. It just made no sense.

Luckily, my roommate was never around long enough to discover all of the ridiculous things about me. She was your typical sorority pledge. Mechelle, or Elle, had beautiful blonde hair that was professionally styled. She'd never had to do a chore in her life, because her butler or nanny did them all for her. Aside from her obviously being from a wealthy family, she was also dating the school's hottest bachelor. When I first met her, I had the biggest stereotype about Elle. I mean, she represented everything that I never had. I wanted to hate her.

There was no way I could ever have the time to pledge or make friends with anyone other than Elle. I mean, after being shifted from one foster home to another, I didn't really have the means to fool around. Although I hadn't had a stable life since I was ten years old, I'd managed to always do well in school.

I wouldn't say it was always easy for me. There was one place that I lived where I had to wear the same outfit to school all week, because the family used my government money to serve their heroin addiction. They didn't buy me clothes as I outgrew them, or make sure I had something to eat every day. Another family I stayed with seemed perfect from the outside, but late at night, the man of the house liked to "play with the kids."

School was always my escape and I excelled at it because of that. I didn't know another kid that reached her achievements because she was afraid of being anywhere other than school. I signed up for every before and after school program. I played field hockey and soccer. I wrote for the high school paper and even joined the debate team for something to do on the weekends. All of that was just a reason for me to be away from what waited for me at my homes.

After my mother and father died is when the dreams really got bad. Of course, I didn't receive the proper mental care and it wreaked havoc on my mind. I would end up studying all night long instead of getting a good night sleep. Although, sometimes it was good to be able to see my mother, even if she was part of a bad dream. I missed both of my parents, but my mother the most. She was my everything and the only person who had made me feel safe in my life.

I will never forget when I applied to colleges. The wait was nerve-racking, but the outcome unforgettable.

I got my first acceptance on a Friday afternoon. I came home to a cabinet with one can of tuna fish and a jar of peanut butter. My foster mother was sleeping with a burned out cigarette still in her hand. Since my parents died in a fire, I wasn't too keen on people that smoked. Fire scared me.

Anyway, I opened my can of tuna and ate it with a fork and I opened up that envelope. I was sweating and shaking profusely knowing that the words I was about to read could change my life.

I ended up being accepted everywhere I applied. I shouldn't have been nervous. I was valedictorian and had gotten straight A's since I was in first grade.

Moving out was easy. I'd been taking care of myself for as long as I could remember, but being able to cope with it all was a challenge. Elle did whatever she could to try to coax me into the lifestyle she was accustomed to. I think she was finally realizing that I was more of a challenge than she had assumed.

I had problems opening up and that caused a strain in our friendship from the beginning. Never being able to count on anyone had made me put walls up. It prevented me from ever getting close enough to someone for them to hurt me. I'd lost everything I loved and had to live in horrible conditions just to survive and get where I was. I was bound and determined to finish with school and never live that kind of life again.

Still, it didn't stop her from trying to drag me places and force me to be more sociable. Her and her boyfriend, Tommy, kept trying to hook me up with people they knew, but after a few dates that ended miserably, they had finally stopped pushing as much as at first.

My only other friend was actually someone from my past. Zach Miller was put into the foster care system the same week that I was. We were both placed in a temporary home together and were the same age. Zach's parents didn't die like mine had. He didn't know his father and his mother was put in jail for drug possession. We spent four months together, before she got out and regained custody of her son, leaving me all alone.

I hadn't seen Zach in almost ten years before starting college. Each time I was sent to live with a new family, I always hoped that I would someday see him again, but it never happened. I will never forget walking into my English class on my very first day. I was running late because I am terrible with directions and ended up coming in when role was being called.

I dropped my bag as the door slammed on my ass and a very handsome guy came and helped me pick up my things. I should have recognized his smile, but I was too embarrassed to pay attention. He offered me the seat next to him just as they got to my name. I raised my hand and got myself situated in my chair. When I heard the name Zachary Miller, my eyes shot up and looked to the guy next to me, who was raising his hand.

At first I thought he didn't remember me, until he reached over and squeezed my hand. I have to admit, I didn't even remember anything the professor talked about, because all I wanted to do was talk to Zach. We passed notes during class and when it ended, we spent the next two hours catching up. Since that day we had been inseparable and he is my very best friend.

For the next couple of months I fell right into college life. My courses were rough, but I managed to stay on task and do well. Zach and I hung out and studied together as much as we could. He wasn't that strapped to maintain a grade point average anymore. His mother married someone with money and got her life together. He had new siblings and a happy life, nothing like I had lived.

I should have known that my life could never be perfect for long. Everything changed when I got the letter from the attorney's office. I will never forget that day that everything I knew came crashing down over me.

Chapter 2

Jammer

The people I played changed from day to day, but the game always remained the same. For as long as I could remember I'd been playing pool, or billiards if you want to get technical about it. What went from being a hobby with my friends had turned into an easy way to make a buck, or in my outlook, a way to break away from my family.

They weren't that bad, but had always insisted I follow through with being a part of the family business. Since I was no good at school, and I had no intention of working alongside of my family, I left when I was seventeen and never looked back.

My friends and I used to hang out in the back of this local restaurant. They had two pool tables and the owner was pretty cool about us being there, instead of getting into other kinds of trouble. Baltimore City wasn't exactly the safest place to bring up a kid. Since I was still alive and not in jail yet, I would say I was a success story. Don't get me wrong, I know places like John's Hopkins and major banks were located in the city, but for the most part, where I came from only consisted of lowlifes and panhandlers.

My parents had run a strip of businesses right off of Baltimore Street that consisted of a deli, a cleaners, and a check cashing establishment. They did well for themselves and even gave back to the community, but my father wasn't always a straight businessman. He lied to my mother about things and when I discovered it, I wanted nothing more to do with him or what he was involved in.

It broke my mother's heart, but it was better than telling her she was married to a liar. She was a kindhearted woman that thought the world of him. Far be it from me to take that away. I'd much rather her assume I was the f**k up instead.

When I left, right before my eighteenth birthday, I had saved about five hundred bucks. My plan was to take my beaten up Honda Civic to Pennsylvania and play in an Amateur Tournament and win big.

I got my ass handed to me in the first two matches and was eliminated. After just one day, I was down to under four hundred bucks and knew that it was the only thing standing between me being independent or going back home to my father.

After going outside and kicking the hell out of a few trashcans and smoking a few cigs, I went back and watched the guys play that beat me so badly.

I knew I was a cocky guy, but I had honestly believed that I was pretty damn good. The men and even women in this tournament blew me away. There was no way that I could shoot at the level they were.

That's when I met Joker.

I was walking around, watching a few people play on a couple practice tables when he approached me. I recognized him right away as the second guy that handed me my ass. He tapped on my pool case that was hanging over my shoulder. "Where'd you get that stick kid?"

I hated being called kid, but since I'd lied about my age to get into the tournament, I knew I couldn't argue. "Pawn shop."

"You mind if I take a look at it?" We were in a crowded place and it wasn't like he could take it and run. Still, since I had traded my stereo and all of my baseball cards, I wasn't very keen on taking the chance.

"Why do you want to see it?"

He smiled and crossed his arms. "I noticed when you were shooting that the ferrule seems cracked. It can affect the way the tip hits the cue."

"Ferrule?"

"Yeah, kid, it's the white part of the tip. You going to let me take a look or what?" After watching the dude play pool and now hearing about his knowledge of the stick, I reluctantly got my stick out and handed it to him. The stick unscrewed to fit in the case and he only needed the top shaft part of it. I waited patiently to hear what he was going to say. "It's definitely cracked." He showed me where. "Don't you hear the difference when you take your shot?"

I shrugged. "I guess." I really didn't notice. I shot the game, but had no knowledge of sticks really.

"Look kid, my friends call me Joker. I have a shop about an hour from here and can get this fixed for you for about fifty bucks. If you want to improve, you need a stick that can shoot properly. I can take it and drop it off to whatever hotel you're staying at, if you want. I'm coming back tomorrow."

Hell no, I wasn't leaving my stick with this stranger!

I grabbed the shaft out of his hand. "No thanks. No offense, but I don't really know you."

"I understand. Listen, if you change your mind, here is my card. I don't have to shoot again until tomorrow. Why don't you stop by and I can fix it up for you."

"Yeah, maybe I will."

We said our goodbyes and he went on his way. After watching a few more matches, and getting even more discouraged, I headed out to find a hotel room. To my dismay, they were all booked due to the tournament being in town. I was going to have to sleep in my car and it wasn't exactly comfortable. Since I knew I couldn't sleep and didn't want to spend any money, I skipped dinner to go and have my stick repaired by the man they called Joker.

I plugged in the address on my phone and was soon sitting in front of a bar. After walking all the way around the building and not seeing another entrance, I walked inside. An old man was shining a glass behind the bar. "Can I help you, kid?"

What was with everyone calling me kid?

"A guy named Joker told me to come see him about getting a repair done."

He shook his head. "Sure he did. Another charity case, I see. Take the hallway until you come to a set of stairs and go up. Knock three times and he'll let you in."

After finding the stairs and standing at the old beat up red metal door, I was reluctant to knock, but I had nothing better to do and I wasn't about to let that old man downstairs laugh at me.

Joker answered the door promptly and smiled when he saw it was me. "Hey, kid, come on in. I was just cooking some dinner. You hungry?"

I followed him into the open studio type apartment. The smell of something cooking filled my nostrils and I realized just how hungry I was. "A little."

He laughed and shook his head, while he grabbed an extra plate and sat it at the bar. After eating one of the best steaks I'd ever tasted, he got up and grabbed my stick, before taking it into another room. I finished eating and followed behind him. The room was set up with a couple machines. A few sanders were on one table and a bunch of long pieces of light wood were in a bin. "You make sticks?"

"Yep, as a hobby. It keeps my mind off of things when work's slow."

I walked around and looked at some of the finished sticks. The wood grain was amazing and I'd never felt a stick that was so smooth. "These are great." I saw a price sticker and almost threw up my steak dinner. "Holy shit, this stick is two grand?" I put it back where it sat and backed away from the display case.

Joker shook his head and kept working. "You probably don't want to know how much the other ones are. They can run you a pretty penny."

"Obviously."

He was staying on task and never looking up at me being so nosey. "You got a place to stay kid?"

I shook my head and looked down at the equipment. "Not really, but I was thinking about going home. I shot like shit and there's nothing left for me to do."

"I could use a hand around here. If you're interested, I got an extra room in the back. It ain't much, just a mattress on the floor, but it's yours if you want it."

This man was a stranger and aside from being really awesome at pool, I knew nothing about him. What I did know was that I wasn't about to go home and face my father after failing so quickly. Did this guy know how desperate I was? I could be running from the law or something. While he slept, I could rob and kill him. This was real life. "Why are you helping me?"

He smiled and shook his head. "My life had revolved around this game, kid. Let's just say that if I could go back and change things, I would. Now, I just try to do the right things whenever I can. If I'm wrong about you, then don't take offense, but I'm throwing you a bone and you can decide if you want to take it."

After thinking about it for only a few seconds, I agreed to be Joker's assistant, but in doing so, I had no idea that the man was going to change my life.

For the next year I worked alongside of Joker and learned how to make pool sticks during the day. At night, we'd shoot pool for hours and he taught me everything that I never even knew about billiards. I threw myself into my new lifestyle and learning how to get better. Eventually, I stopped talking to my friends and family and focused only on the game and my training. There was the occasional time that Joker would have people over and older women would end up in my bed. Not that I ever complained about that. It was always no strings attached and even they had things to teach me.

Joker was also like a second father to me. Aside from him basically taking me in and giving me a job, he'd take me out to meet other pool players. He played high stakes games involving a lot of money. Some would even last over twenty four hours. Coffee became my best friend and the game was my infatuation.

There was so much more than making shots to the game. It took precision and being able to maneuver each and every shot in my mind. I learned about positioning the ball after every shot and lining myself up for safeties and hard combinations.

Joker insisted on me not playing for money the whole first year that I lived with him. Since he had taught me so much, I respected his decision, but when Valley Forge came around again, we were both registered and I was ready to show the world of billiards my improvements. It was my second chance at redemption and I knew if I failed again, that I wouldn't want to continue on the path I was headed. I loved the game, but had been humiliated before and I just wasn't about to have it happen again.

I was so nervous when the day came, but managed to make it to the fifth round. Joker was still in the tournament as well, but he was waiting to play his next match and was acting as a coach for me. While the other guy I was playing was hiding my next shot, making it impossible for me to see my ball, I stood to the side contemplating what I was going to do.

I looked around the large room full of people. They were watching my match and I could feel the beads of sweat running down my forehead. I was nervous and this shot was going to determine if I won something or nothing at all. Sure, I'd come far from how I shot the year before, but I wanted the candy pot and first place was where it sat.

Joker came up behind me and told me a shot I needed to take, but the idea of him making that decision pissed me off. I'd played the whole match without his help and I wanted to finish it that way too.

I went against his advice and tried a kick shot that was impossible to make. The cue ball missed the object ball within inches and the guy I was shooting ran out the rest of his balls like he could have done it with his eyes closed. The crowd of people cheered for the man that won, but all I could hear and see was Joker shaking his head and cussing at me.

I knew I should have listened, but I was too damn stubborn to do it.

When we got back home he screamed at me for having an attitude and blowing my chances of ever doing good. I was so pissed that I grabbed my things and left. I should have gone back, but never had the balls to admit that I was wrong.

I started traveling around, playing at bars for money and getting better with each game. The lifestyle took over and with only maybe three people that I called friends, I found myself thinking back to the man that helped me get where I was.

After five years, I was standing in front of the little bar owned by the guy that taught me everything I knew. I was ready to apologize to the man; to maybe have a clean slate with our friendship. It was something that I knew I needed to do.

Chapter 3

Charlie

My day was going great. Zach and I had met in the morning and gone for a long run. I'd just climbed out of the shower when someone knocked on my door. I opened it while being wrapped in a towel, thinking it was just Zach or one of the girls from the building. Instead there was a guy with a tan messenger bag standing there, looking me up and down.

I looked down and made sure the towel was covering all of the important parts before shooting him a rude look. "Can I help you, or are you just going to stand there staring?"

He cleared his throat and finally brought his attention from my breast to my face. "Sorry, I have a certified package for a Charlene ...ugh..."

Just hearing my full name ticked me off enough to interrupt him. "That's me. Where do I sign?"

"Right on the x." He pointed to the spot.

I grabbed the package and didn't wait for him to turn around before I closed the door and walked back into my room. I wasn't used to getting mail so I sat down on my bed and slowly opened the envelope.

Dear Charlene Rose,

We are trying to reach you regarding the last will and testament of Joseph J. McNally. Please contact the law offices of Ridgely and Denton to set up an appointment regarding this matter. Our office hours are Monday through Friday, eight to five.

Sincerely,

John P Lachey

Attorney at Law

It wasn't the letter that had me flabbergasted, it was the name that the letter was referring to. For as long as I could remember I had been having nightmares of a man named Joe. Before my mother died, she had insisted that there had never been a Joe in my life. Now I was receiving a legal document stating that I was a part of a will that happened to belong to a man named Joseph.

Elle came in and saw the look on my face.

She gave me a curious look. "What's up, bitch?"

I rolled my eyes. I just wasn't in the mood for her sarcasm. This was too unreal for me to laugh about anything. The room started to spin and I could feel the bile making its way back up my throat. "I think I'm going to be sick." I dropped the letter on my bed as I ran to the bathroom and threw up my breakfast. All throughout my life I'd read and heard of secrets that people took to their grave and suddenly it was like all of the air had left my body when I read that name Joseph. As I sat on the cold bathroom floor, hovered over the toilet, I thought about that name. Who was this man and how did he know me enough to have left me something in his will? Was he the evil man who had haunted my dreams for my whole life? If I'd had any inclination of not seeing this through, it left me the moment I realized I had to know more.

My heart was still racing as Elle walked into the bathroom. "Are you pregnant?"

My eyes flew open. "Of course not! I just...it's just...I don't even know what to say right now. I'm not pregnant! I think I'm just in shock." I put my hands through my hair and tried to grasp exactly what was happening. How could this man really exist? My mother and even my therapist had said he was a figment of my overactive imagination. Now there was this piece of paper showing me that there was possibly a real-life Joe.

"Charlie, what are you being so dramatic about? Did Zach start dating someone? Is your friends with benefits arrangement over?"

There were sometimes where I wanted to smack my roommate and this was one of those times. She wouldn't have even known about my arrangement with Zach, had it not been for her walking in on us. She wasn't even supposed to come home that night. How was I supposed to know that her and her boyfriend were going to get into a fight?

"It has nothing to do with Zach."

She put her hands on her hips and stood over me. "Spill it. You look like hell, so obviously it's something big. If you're not prego, then it must be something else huge and you know I love juicy gossip."

I got up and started washing my face off. "You know I haven't exactly had the best of lives. I mean, all my life I've had problems with trusting people."

She grabbed my arm. "If it's that serious, you know you can trust me, Charlie. Girl, I would never betray that."

I believed her. She'd been nothing but a friend to me. Maybe a little prissy at times, but always a friend. "I know. It's just hard for me to talk about when I don't exactly know what's going on myself. You see, ever since I was a little girl, I had these horrible dreams about this terrible man that hurt my mother and was coming after me. My mother used to tell me it was my imagination and he didn't exist. I always believed that, until this came today." I walked over and showed her the letter. She sat down on the bed and read it.

"Okay, I'm kind of lost here. What does Joseph McNally have to do with anything? I mean, the guy's dead right?"

I grabbed the paper and played with the corners. "Yeah, but this could mean that the man I dreamed about was real and that I've been lied to by everyone I trusted. Why would my mother do that? Where was my father when this guy was around? It makes no sense. My parents were happily married. They never talked about a guy named Joe, not ever."

Elle wrapped her arm around my shoulder. "Maybe you should just call the lawyer and see what it's about before you go all lunatic up in here. I mean, it could be a coincidence or something right?"

I shrugged. "Yeah, I guess."

"Cool, well put something of mine on. I'm taking you out tonight." I hated when she forced me to go out. I never had a good time.

"I'm just going to call Zach and catch a movie or something."

She pulled me up off of the bed. "I won't take no for an answer. We're going into town. There is a band playing at the tavern and I know the drummer. He's yummy and I don't want Tommy to know I'm interested. If you come with, then I can just tell him you are the one who's into him."

"Since when did I agree to help you cheat on your boyfriend? What's so wrong with Tommy? I mean, every girl at school wants him."

She leaned over and fixed her makeup in the mirror. "Nothing is wrong with Tommy silly, but he's just someone my parents expect me to be with. I want to have some fun, before I have to appease them. Tommy isn't about taking chances and if I want to skinny dip in a freezing cold lake with a hot tattooed drummer, well I'm going to do it."

I had to giggle at how she made it sound like it was okay to cheat on her boyfriend. The truth was, he was probably doing the same thing behind her back. The lifestyles of the rich just boggled my mind sometimes. "Fine, I will go with you, but only because you won't leave me alone until I do."

An hour later we were making our way across town. I think Elle applied her lip-gloss three times on the fifteen minute bus ride there. Her lips were going to be so slippery she wouldn't be able to even kiss someone without slipping off them. She did a double check of my short skirt and tugged my shirt down to show more cle**age than I already had. I don't know why I worried. I knew that my body was nice. Not only did Zach talk about it constantly, but I got whistled at frequently, even by other girls. My reddish brown hair was thick and I could wear it anyway I wanted since it was pretty long. The trait that kept the guys at bay had to have been my br**sts though. I think I'd been a D cup since sixth grade and with my body being curvy in all the right places, it just added to the mirage. Did I think I was the hottest thing ever, not at all, but I did feel attractive, even if I was a broken little girl on the inside.

One thing that I hated was wearing heels. The damn boots that Elle insisted that I wear were way too high and I was sure that by the end of the night, I was going to fall on my face, maybe more than once.

The tavern was packed as usual and I recognized more faces than I wanted to admit. Elle pulled me through the crowd until we got to Tommy and his preppy friends. I watched all of them starting at my br**sts and then ending at my legs. I know I wasn't the only girl to have a two hour conversation with a guy who never looked up from my br**sts, but I wasn't exactly proud of it either.

Since I'd worked so hard to get into school and maintain my GPA, it was important for me to have standards. Sure, Zach and I had a special friendship and I had considered that maybe one day it could be more, but he and I were both too involved with other things to give the attention to a real relationship. Our situation worked for us and it wasn't anyone else's business to judge anyway. In the past year, I'd been accused of being a lesbian, because I refused to date a few douchebags.

I couldn't help but notice the drummer eying up Elle. She was trying to not look, but I caught her peeking. She leaned into my body. "Oh my God, Charlie, tell me he is not one fine piece of hotness. Look at his tattoos. Look at those eyes. I bet he has a huge cock."

I giggled. "Why would you bet that? I don't even want to know how big his package is. You better not send me a damn picture either. The last time you did that I was in an exam and I almost screamed when it popped up on my screen."

"If I didn't give you details then how would you even get by? You know you live vicariously through me. Speaking of being vicarious, I might need you to cover for me later tonight. You think you can do that?"

I looked up at the drummer, who happened to be looking our way again. Obviously, Elle had already made arrangements to see this guy. "I will cover for you, if you come with me to the lawyer's office this week. I don't want to go alone."

She kissed me on the cheek. "Deal! I love you for this. You are f**king fabulous, Charlie. Now come on, we're going to dance."

For the rest of the night we drank and danced around the tavern, while the crowd got even larger. Even though I was out supposedly having a great night, my mind was still on that piece of paper and what it had to do with me. I wasn't going to be able to relax until I knew the truth.

Chapter 4

Jammer

Five years was a long time to go without talking to someone that had helped me so much. Sure, I felt bad about it, but I needed time to grow up and forcing myself to be on my own gave me that freedom. I'm not going to even lie and say that it was easy. None of it was. Sure, I started out with a couple grand saved up, but money spends fast and a grand won't get you far.

The only thing I had going for me was the fact that I believed I was the greatest pool player to ever live and just having that attitude gave me the balls to go out and start hustling people for money. It sounds hard, but if you become good at lying, there isn't anything you can't lie your way into. It took me a few times to get the hang of it, but I became a pro at being someone else whenever I pulled out that pool stick.

Sometimes I would use a false name, but as I really started bringing in the cash, I wanted to be known for my accomplishments and went by Jammer. I learned real fast that using my own name would only allow me a couple nights in one given town before everyone knew what I was up to. Several times, I was kicked out of an establishment. Gambling isn't permitted and if you piss off the right people, your ass is getting booted out before you can even collect your winnings. I learned that the hard way too.

Luckily, in my travels, I'd run into several guys who were heavy pool players and they showed me a few tricks and ways to move from town to town without having to use any of my money. The best way was what they called Sugars.

Sugars were chicks of all ages that hung out in billiard halls and bars looking to hook up with a guy. They almost always had their own place and with just a little bit of fake swooning would provide food, sex, a place to sleep and sometimes even laundry services. Yeah, it's a dickhead move, but I didn't really care. If it saved me money, then I was going to hook up with a Sugar in every city. I didn't have to answer to anybody.

Still, every once in a while I would think back to my friend Joker, who had taught me so much, and asked me for very little. Regrettably, the time that I had been away had made it hard for me to be able to walk through those doors. I'd been a fool, also hell-bent on my ambitions to be the best, that I had taken him for granted. By now he must hate me.

When I walked in, there were a couple of patrons sitting at the bar. Since I had to take a leak, I walked back to the bathrooms first. It was funny, as long as I'd been gone, nothing had changed.

The walls were still dark colors and the door to the men's room still needed to be fixed, not that it was ever locked, but it was the purpose of having one that mattered. I also noticed that one of the sinks in the bathroom was out of order, as well as one of the urinals. It wasn't like Joker to get so behind. Once he was over scolding me for being away for so long, I would get on him about slacking.

Once I was finished with the facilities, I decided to walk upstairs and see Joker myself.

I'd walked up the stairs so many times that it almost still felt like home. Since they were located at the back of the bar, it was quieter and my footsteps seemed so loud as I worked my way to the top step.

I knocked three times and leaned back against the wall, unsure if Joker would hug me or punch me. I'd walked away from our friendship, just like I'd walked away from everyone that ever meant something to me. It's what I did whenever I started to get close. I couldn't handle the commitment of being responsible for someone else's feelings, even my friends.

When nobody came to the door, I started walking down the steps, but a soft voice made me freeze in place and turn around. A little kid, probably no older than five or six, stood there with the door cracked open. "I'm not supposed to open the door to strangers."

He spoke well for a little kid.

"Well, I'm not a stranger, buddy. I'm a friend of your dads. Is he here?"

"No."

I had to remember that I was dealing with a kid. "Do you know when he'll be back?"

He shook his head and closed the metal door without saying anything else. I wondered, at first, if Joker was in there and he was playing a joke on me. I half expected him to open the door once I was all the way down the stairs, but it didn't happen.

Instead, I made my way back to the bar and froze in place when I saw what was standing behind it.

This sexy little kitten was standing back there. She had her reddish brown hair tied up in a bun with a pen sticking through it. One of her fingernails was getting the hell chewed out of it as she was looking down at some book and seemingly struggling with whatever it was she was reading. I found her frustration to be very sexy, so I sat back in the far corner and just watched her. There were a few people sitting up at the bar and I kept hoping, at some point, she would catch eyes with me, but the girl never seemed to look up. Every time she turned around, every dude in the bar was checking out her fine ass. It was quite comical, especially considering that I was doing the same thing. I knew right away why Joker had hired this chick. It was obviously not for her bartender skills, which she was failing at horribly, by the way.

She was a head turner and just for that fact alone could bring in some fresh customers. The more she struggled, the more that they seemed to harp on her lack of experience. When she actually dropped a glass and it shattered on the floor beneath her feet, it was embarrassing for her. I had to look away to avoid the first time that she saw me I would be laughing at what had happened. There were these two guys at the opposite end of the bar that were really giving her a hard time. I could tell from the look on her face that she was frustrated and the funny part was that she wasn't trying to hide it. I wondered why a businessman like Joker would have been interested in hiring someone like her. She didn't even smile.

Maybe he was hooking up with the young hottie. I mean, he knew a lot of people and maybe he got lucky and hooked up with her. There was obviously a kid upstairs, so maybe they had started a family. Five years was a long time.

Still, she didn't seem old enough to have a kid and even if she did, she wasn't wearing a ring.

I suddenly realized that my fascination with the hot chick behind the bar was keeping me from my real reason of being back at the tavern.

I swallowed my pride and started making my way to the bar. When the girl spotted me heading in her direction, she rolled her eyes. It forced a half smile to appear on my face. She was already annoyed with me and I hadn't even spoken to her. Now, I was a ladies man and never had a complaint in that department. There wasn't a single woman that didn't have a smile on her face when I left. I didn't know who this girl belonged to, but it was going to be my goal before I left, to get her to smile at least once. She was too hot to not have anything to smile about. Her tits alone would be something to smile about. The closer I got, the more I noticed how they popped out of the top of her shirt. She was wearing black pants that tugged around her round ass and her hips were the kind a man dreams about grabbing when he's ramming her from behind. If this was Joker's lady, I could see why he would overlook her personality. She was a spitfire for sure.

I sat down on a stool that was probably located dead center of the bar. She put two hands on the bar in front of me. "I'll get to you in a minute." Then she pushed away and walked over to someone else.

I let out a laugh full of air and looked around the bar, like I hadn't met the rudest waitress ever.

While waiting for her to get her shit together enough to where I could ask about Joker, I looked around the bar. Not much had changed. Sure, the pictures of Ireland were still hung around the place and all of the furniture was the same as when I left, but a picture of the boy sat next to the register. I'd be a fool to not think that he was in fact, Joker's son. This would mean that this little vixen was the boy's mother.

I'd have to pat Joker on the back when I saw him for tapping that shit. Hell, if she wasn't his, I'd do whatever I could to get a piece of that. A loud knocking broke my train of thought and caused me to look in the direction of the bar. The girl had tossed dirty glasses into the sink and was vigorously washing them, obviously blowing off steam as she scrubbed. Another guy looked at me and just shook his head. He stood up and as he passed me to leave he leaned over my shoulder. "This place is going to shit! Good luck getting your drink, man." I watched him walk out of the bar and noticed that he didn't leave her a tip where he had sat.

I turned my attention back to the girl and noticed she was leaning against the sink, trying to regain some kind of composure. Finally, she turned around and started heading in my direction. When she reached the bar across from where I sat, she cocked her eyebrow. I just sat there for a second. It was like I had forgotten what I came there to ask about. "Yeah, just give me Guinness."

She turned around without saying anything more and started making my beer. When she turned around, she slid it over to me. "Three dollars."

I pulled out a five and slid it over to her. "You look like you're having a bad day."

She grabbed the money. "More like a bad lifetime."

After changing out the five, she slid two bucks across the bar. Before she could let go, I put my hand over hers and slid it back. "Keep it."

She stuck it in her pocket. "I'll keep it close for when you ask for it back."

I started to laugh. "That bad of a day, huh?"

"I told you, it's just a bad everything. Do you want anything else or can I go help these ass**les that refuse to leave?"

I motioned my hand for her to attend to the other guys, but as soon as she turned around I started to chuckle. She really was a little walking attitude. I didn't know what her problem was, but it made her extra sexy.

When her voice got loud, I looked over and saw that those two guys were giving her a hard time. She was actually backing away from the bar to get space between them. I don't know what made me do it, but I got up and walked over behind the two guys. "Is there a problem here?"

Not only did the guys turn around, but I saw her looking at me like I was crazy. She was behind them shaking her head for me to stop trying to help. That just made me want to help more.

"This ain't none of your damn concern kid." One of the guys crossed his arms when he spoke.

I hated being called kid.

"The way I see it, I just made it my problem. You two need to leave, now!"

"When the lady pays us, we'll leave."

She stood where she was. "I told you, I don't know about any money and I don't have it."

They went to say something, but I grabbed one of the guy's arms and pulled it behind his back so it was instantly painful for him. He whined at the amount of pain I'd inflicted so quickly. I got up close to his ear, but didn't whisper. "Get the f**k out of here, before I show you how to really hurt someone."

The other guy grabbed his buddy's arm. "We don't want no trouble, kid. We just came to collect what's owed to our boss."

"You tell your boss that he isn't getting anything today." I shoved the guy away from me.

They started walking backwards. "We'll leave now, but you ain't always going to have this kid here to protect you, Charlie. We'll be back and next time you better have what you owe."

They walked out of the door and I felt a wet rag slapping me in the face. "Thanks! You just made it ten times worse."

"I was just trying to help you."

"Well thanks, but no thanks. If you're not going to drink your beer, please just leave. I can't take any more of this shit today. Now I'm going to have to close the bar for a few days to keep them away from me."

I leaned against the counter and slid the rag back to her. "What do they want?"

"I'm sorry, do I know you? I don't think it's any of your damn business." I loved how pissed she was getting. It made me want to push her buttons more.

"I'm Jammer. I'm actually here to ..."

She cut me off before I could say anything. "Look, not that it's any of your damn business, but my entire life has just been assfucked. I've been left this shithole bar by a father that I didn't even know I had, and if that isn't even bad enough, I had to drop out of college because the bar came with a kid too. So unless you are Ed McMahon with a damn million dollar check, I suggest you just go."

I kept at it. "What do you mean he left it to you?"

"He's dead! He died six months ago of liver cancer. Why do you even want to know? Wait...is your name John Thomas?"

When she said my name, I was a little shocked. Nobody called me John. "Who did you say?"

She shook her head. "Never mind, I was just hoping. My piece of shit of a father left something for him, but the lawyers can't track him down anywhere. He's probably dead too. I mean, any guy that was a friend of my bastard father, was probably as f**ked up as he was. Look, thanks for trying to help me, but I have work to do. If you don't mind, when you finish your drink, just see yourself out of here."

I walked over to my beer and drank it all at once. While still swallowing, I slid my glass in her direction and walked out of the door.

Chapter 5

Charlie

Everything had gone downhill after the day I set foot into that Attorney's office. It didn't help that Elle was now insisting on going because she swore I was getting some kind of inheritance that would make me as rich as her. I don't know why I believe her all of the time, because she never seems to be right about anything. Plus, earlier she didn't want me going.

The secretary was nice enough when we got inside, but I knew something was wrong when I entered the conference room. We sat at one end of a long table. The room had landscaped photos covering every inch of open wall and a giant window looking out at the city. Of course, since we were in Baltimore, it was just looking out onto another building. There was always something to do, but it was so damn congested.

The attorney came in and did his introductions. I was pretty impressed that he seemed so young. In fact, he didn't seem to be much older than Elle or myself. He wore a grey suit with a baby blue tie that matched his eyes. His bright white teeth were perfectly set inside of even sexier lips. I think Elle was seeing what I was seeing, because she was kicking me from under the table and giving me that eye when he began speaking.

He laid out a bunch of documents in front of me, but the one that caught my eye was a birth certificate. Now, I knew my father's name hadn't been listed. I just always thought it was because they weren't married when I was born. I pulled my birth certificate toward me and started tracing my mother's name. If she were here she could be right next to me explaining what was going on, but she wasn't. She was dead and so was my father, so I was left to fend for myself, just like I had since I was ten years old.

"Charlene, are you aware of why you're here?"

I shook my head. "I have no idea. Nothing makes sense to me right now."

"Did you not know your father?" He asked.

"What do you mean? I knew my father just fine until he died in a fire when I was ten." What did this have to do with my father?

He sighed and grabbed a couple papers. "I mean your biological father. Did you know him?"

My eyes got real big and I looked right at him. I could feel my leg shaking under the table and Elle reached under to tap it. "Are you saying that my dad wasn't my dad?"

He held his palms up to face us. "Look, I can see how this might sound and I apologize for just coming out and saying it this way, but your biologically father was named Joseph McNally. I have the documentation to prove it." He slid the paper over and I skimmed through it while he continued to talk. "Upon your father's incarceration, he signed over all of his legal rights to your mother and allowed your stepfather to adopt you."

I heard the words he was saying, but I just couldn't believe it was happening. "No, this can't be right."

He pushed a couple pictures toward me and I felt the room beginning to spin. The first picture was my mother in a wedding dress with a man I didn't recognize and the second picture was the man leaning over my mother and a newborn baby in a hospital. On the back of the picture were my parents' names and my name. I covered my face with my hands and started to cry. "This can't be happening. How could I not have known this?"

Elle was quiet as she rubbed my back. This wasn't exactly how she had imagined this going and I knew she felt horrible for me.

"Charlie, you were only ten when your parents died. Maybe they planned on telling you when you were old enough to understand."

I heard what she was saying, but all I could think about was how he hadn't come looking for me when he found out I was an orphan. "Why was I put into foster care if I had a father out there somewhere?"

"When you were adopted your biological father had signed over parental rights and even if he wanted to care for you, he wouldn't have been able to because he was incarcerated."

"Great, as if it couldn't get any worse, my father is a murderer."

The lawyer clocked his pen over and over. "He didn't murder anyone. Look, my father was the divorce attorney for your parent's case. I took over his practice when he retired. From what I gathered from his notes, twenty years ago your father was addicted to alcohol and then narcotics. He used to beat on your mother, which sent your mother into the arms of your step-father. One night he drank himself to a stupor and tried to drive home. He hit another car and killed someone. That is what sent him to jail. Once he was clean, he was a different man. In fact, my father helped him out when he first got out of prison. Your father owned a bar, and even though he was a recovering alcoholic, he never took another drink, not even when he was on his deathbed."

There was a lump in my throat and my eyes were filled with tears. "Just tell me why I'm here. It doesn't even matter what kind of man he was, because I needed him to be my father and he wasn't."

He cleared his throat again and slid me a stack of papers. "Your father set up a will the day he found out he had cancer. He stipulated that you were to get three quarters of the ownership of his business located at Highland Street."

I don't even know if what he was saying was registering. "Three quarters? Who gets the other quarter?"

He passed me another paper. "The other quarter goes to a John Thomas. We have yet to locate Mr. Thomas."

"This John guy, is he like my brother or something?"

He turned white and his face changed from steady to worried. "No, John is not your brother."

"Well can I just sell him my half of the bar?"

"Your father stipulated that the bar isn't to be sold until after five years of you taking it over." He explained.

"I don't want the damn thing. I'm in college, what would I want with a bar?" I was being a bitch, but this was just unreal.

"I think it could be cool. Maybe we would go visit the location before you freak out any more." Elle was really trying to get me to be more optimistic.

"The tavern has been in your family for over thirty years now. Your grandfather opened it when he moved here from Ireland. It was the one thing that he prided himself in keeping in the family."

He could say all the good things about my father that he wanted, but the only memory that I ever had of the man was the one where he was beating the shit out of my mother. The fact that he went to jail, didn't make me feel all giddy about finding out my long lost dad left me anything. "He still killed someone and I'm pretty sure that he would have killed my mother had she not left him. What do I have to do to get rid of this bar? I don't want it. I don't want anything to do with him."

I was done with all of this. I needed to make an appointment with my therapist as soon as possible.

"I'll see what I can do to get the ball moving, but something like this is going to take time. I highly recommend you at least visit the property. There is a studio apartment located on the top floor that comes with the place. Your father lived there."

"Oh my God, Charlie, your own apartment. You have got to check it out." Elle's excitement was pissing me off.

I buried my face in my hands and tried to make enough sense out of everything to make some kind of decision. Obviously I had some kind of legal obligation that I needed to see through, but I was certain that I wanted no part of whatever my biological father had his hands in. "Just do what you have to do to get my name off of things."

The lawyer scratched his head and looked confused again. "Well, there is one last thing you need to know before I move further."

"What's that?"

"John Thomas may not be your brother, but Ryan McNally is and right now he is without both of his parents."

I stood up and looked right at the guy. "What are you talking about? A child? Where is his mother? What am I supposed to do about it?"

He held his arms up again and started to laugh. "Forgive me, I just never thought that today was going to be going like this. I just assumed you knew your father, or at least something about him. You see, your father liked helping people. Around five years ago, he helped out a woman when her husband was beating her. He thought of it like he was repenting for his past sins against your mother. I know you probably don't care, but he fell in love with her and they had a child. Unfortunately, she went back to her old ways and the state awarded your father full custody. In the meantime, his biological mother was sent back to jail on drug charges. The child lost the only parent he's ever had."

I cut him off. "I'm sorry, but are you trying to make me feel bad or something?" Maybe I was being rude, but this was just not getting any better. Not only did they want to ruin my life with a rundown bar, but I was supposed to take responsibility for a small child too? No, I don't think so...

"Ma'am with all due respect, this child is going to be sent into the same foster system that you were in. I know it isn't always the best of conditions."

I stood up and grabbed Elle's arm. "Thank you for having me here today. In light of everything I've learned today, I will be in touch regarding the property."

I pulled my friend out of that office before she could stop me. By the time we made it to the car, I collapsed against the steering wheel and started bawling my eyes out.

"If you're going to throw up, at least open the door, so you don't make me sick." I grabbed my purse and slapped Elle in the arm.

"Unbelievable! My whole life just got turned upside down. Can you please just not joke for ten seconds?"

"Sorry, but I don't see the problem. You just inherited a freaking tavern with a studio apartment. Do you have any idea how amazing that is? I mean, I would give my left nut for that shit."

I cocked my eyebrow. "You don't even have a left nut."

"Well if I did, I would give it up." She corrected.

I got out of the car and started pacing around the lot. This was a clusterfuck!

Elle hopped out and leaned against the car. "Charlie, are you really going to be okay with knowing that you have a real blood relative out there and you did nothing to protect them from living the same kind of shitty childhood that you had to?"

I leaned against the car and threw my hands in the air. "What am I supposed to do? I don't know the first thing about taking care of a kid or running a bar."

"Maybe not, but you know what not to do and that's a good start. Look, I can't tell you what to do but, you're going to regret not at least getting to know that kid. At least give it a chance before you say no." She was going to keep pushing me, like she did with everything I wanted to do or not do.

"I didn't ask for this, Elle."

She put her arm around me and kissed my cheek. "No, you didn't, but you got it anyway. This could be good, if you just give it a chance. Look at it this way, you don't have to get to know the man that gave you up. That makes it ten times easier to begin with."

"I hate how you twist things around to sound better when they really aren't. This kid could be awful. He could have something wrong with him. His mother was an addict for Christ sakes."

She put her hands on her hips and looked right at me. "Stop making excuses and walk your ass back in there. Tell that hottie lawyer that you want to meet your brother and take a look at the property. Oh, and give him my number before you come back out. I'd love to see what he looks like out of that suit."

"You are a terrible friend." I said as I walked back into the building.

One week later I was moving into my new life and taking on the responsibility of raising my little four year old brother, Ryan. Elle had been right, he was the cutest little guy and after spending five seconds with him, there was no way that I could have let him go into the same system that tortured me for years.

The tavern was easy to reopen, but after the first week, everyone quit on me. I had no idea how to run it on my own. I was left with one employee that was at least eighty years old. This guy loved Joe so much that he hated me for being so angry over everything. He worked the day shift four days out of the week and the rest was up to me. Thankfully, he did take the time to give me a brief training so I didn't set the building on fire, or poison someone, but I was struggling to say the least.

After my first week, things got even worse when these two thugs came in asking for money that I didn't have. They claimed my father had taken out a fifty thousand dollar loan and never paid. The guy he borrowed from wanted the fifty G's and interest for the arrears. Since I didn't have it, they came back a few days later asking again. If it hadn't been for that damn guy interfering, I don't know what would have happened, but one thing I did know was that his stupidity had caused me to fear for mine and Ryan's safety. Yeah, he was hot...and a definite player, but I didn't have time for jerks in my new life. I had a kid and business and now people were after me. If I never saw that guy again it would be too soon.

Chapter 6

Jammer

Maybe I should have told her that I was John, but she had herself in a nervous wreck over those guys. I don't know what Joker could have been involved with to get people showing up to threaten a poor girl, that didn't even know her ass from her face. I guess since the economy was bad, he must of had to borrow money to stay afloat. Unfortunately, I know all about that business since that's what my father did behind closed doors. He claimed he was helping out the community, but that was a bunch of bullshit.

Baltimore was a huge city with enough banks to fund any project or consolidation necessary. Even the people with bad credit could find ways around using my crooked father to save their business. In fact, they were never saving it, they were prolonging the inevitable. After time, three quarters of them couldn't pay and would have to hand over the business to people like my dad. It was ridiculous, but because he had built such a reputation doing it, nobody spoke up and did anything to prevent it from happening to anyone else. The vicious circle of small business takeovers in Baltimore continued happening right under everyone's noses.

I drove to a bar across town and already recognized a shooter's car in the parking lot. Timothy (Tippy) Savage was a year younger than me and also a Baltimore native. We didn't grow up together, but we did have several friends in common. Like me, pool kept him occupied and out of trouble. He didn't travel around from state to state like I did and he played people fair. They knew before they started that he was a good ass shooter.

I walked into the bar and as the door jingled, I saw a few guys looking up at me. "Look at what the cat drug in. Jammer, what the hell are you doing in here? Thought you were all big time, hustling in Atlantic City and shit."

I walked up and shook hands with Tippy. It was actually good to see his scrawny ass. "Don't get all scared I'm not going to take all your money, I came back to see someone."

He patted me on the shoulder. "Did you knock someone up? Come back for a paternity test?"

I shook my head and scrunched up my face. "Fuck you, man, I keep my shit double wrapped. That's never going to happen. I came back here to see a guy I used to live with. The one that taught me everything I know."

"The one that taught you how to be g*y?"

"Fuck you, I'm not like you. I like pu**y."

"Touche." Tippy bent over and made a straight in bank shot. "You come here to lose some money, or run your mouth all night?"

"You can't hang at my level. Hell, you can't even make a kick shot. Who else is in town? Any big shooters?" I looked around the bar and didn't see anyone else that I recognized.

"Nah, I got a match lined up for ten tonight. You should hang out. You might learn something." I liked how he thought he was the world's greatest player, but refused to play me for even a hundred.

"Yeah, I'd love to watch you get a beat down."

"Shit, I guarantee I am going to leave here with full pockets, bitch. I don't know why you keep doubting my skills."

I started walking away from his table. "I guess we'll find out if you've improved at ten tonight." I preferred the back table to every bar. It gave me the best vantage point of anyone coming in and always a little more privacy than being surrounded by tables. Nowadays, if I wasn't playing someone for money in my pocket, I was just shooting around for fun. It was important that you never show your real skill level when shooting around on a practice table. Doing that could be the death of the hustle. If the wrong person saw your ability then word would travel and nobody would be willing to play.

It made sense. I mean, who wants to play when they know they don't have a chance at winning?

I'd been shooting random shots for about a half hour when my mind went back to the girl that was running Joker's bar. She was clueless. I almost felt sorry for her and I knew those douchebags would be back to threaten her some more. If she was really that oblivious to what those thugs were about, then she could really be in danger of losing everything.

Joker never once mentioned having a daughter, in fact he didn't talk about his past very much at all. I wondered if he knew he had a grandson, if the kid belonged to the girl. It wasn't like me to worry about anyone other than myself. I'd been on my own too long to be tied down to someone or anything. The fact that it was still on my mind was a new one for me.

Then there was the fact that she knew my real name. I had to know why she mentioned me.

After grabbing a quick bite to eat at a fast food joint, I headed back to the bar to watch Tippy's match. He was funny when he shot, because he was this little scrawny guy that had to take some shots on his tippy toes. That was how he got the nickname, Tippy.

Most players had some kind of nickname they went by. When I started shooting pool, I didn't want people knowing my real name. That was one of my rules. Keep my real life separate from what I did for a living.

Tippy was telling the truth when he said that he had improved. The guy he was shooting was pretty good. You could tell he didn't have any training and was just a straight shooter. When I started shooting, I didn't understand the difference. Straight shooters shoot pool for fun. They can make shots, but have no skill about running out a rack. Half of what they do is luck and not skill. A professional pool player learns the ins out of making shots, learning angles, ball control, and positioning. It's strategic and takes concentration with every shot. You stand up too fast after your stroke and you miss. It's as simple as that.

The guy he was shooting was one hell of a shot maker, but he was also pulling shit out of his ass. They were playing nine ball in a race to seven. Tippy was up three with two break and runs, which meant after the break he ran out all of his balls without giving the guy a shot.

The following rack he broke and scratched, meaning his cue ball went into the pocket creating a foul. The dude he was playing ran out that next rack.

As the set continued, I noticed some little Sugars coming into the bar. The two of them were probably my age or younger. We didn't have to turn around to know they were there. They were drinking beers through straws and smelled like cotton candy. Tippy nodded at one of them, so I assumed he knew who they were. Since he lived locally, I wouldn't have been surprised if one of them was his real girlfriend. There were some guys that had a problem with using women like I did. My feelings on the subject were if they were willing, then I was up for giving them a good time.

The guy playing Tippy missed a nine ball combination shot that would have tied up the match. He took his stick and banged it against another table. This was a common amateur move that most players did out of frustration. A real player wouldn't do that when his stick was well over a grand to replace, or repair.

As the guy checked for any dents that he had inflicted on his stick, Tippy bent over and made the straight in nine ball shot. I wanted to laugh as the guy cussed under his breath.

Now, a common experienced pool player had no problem talking shit, also known as shaking. When money was on the table, it caused the match to become stressful. In situations like that, you take a random smartass who makes sly comments when you miss a shot or are bending down to take one. Tippy was famous for his, and I had all but thought he'd stopped until he sunk that shot.

As he taunted the guy, he continued to miss shots, making him become hostile. His threats were increasing as Tippy kept his game constant. After he'd won four, the set was over. The guy took the nine ball before Tippy could shoot it and threw it into the pocket. It was a common move when someone was giving their opponent the match, or game. Tippy had a big ole smile on his face as he went to shake the man's hand and collect his money.

"Double or nothing, man?" The guy asked.

"I don't know, it's getting kind of late and I got shit to do." Tippy looked over at the Sugars when he said it. I saw them leaning into each other and giggling.

"Come on man, you gotta give me a chance to win my shit back. My wife's going to kill me for this."

This was also common. These guys came in here thinking they could double their money easily playing a scrawny little guy for money. Unfortunately, they almost always lost because they weren't as good as they thought they were.

"Sorry dude, I got two chicks waiting to have a good time. We will have to do this some other time." He went to slap him five, but the guy walked away and went into the bathroom. Tippy turned around to face me. "You learn something new tonight, son?" I hated when people from the city called each other 'son'.

"I learned that you still have a lot more to learn, SON." I said sarcastically.

"Whatever, dude. You going to come party with us? Rachel and I have a nice ass pad and her friend can be a little freak after she's had some drinks in her."

I put my arm around him as we approached the girls. "Yeah, sounds like a plan. As long as I don't have to see your ass naked, it's a fun time for me."

"Shit, you wish you were hung like me. Ladies love me, yo."

I rolled my eyes and followed them out of the bar. The way I lived made it easy to live day by day. I could party when I wanted to and go when I wanted to go. Why some of these guys wanted to be tied down to one person, I just didn't know. It made no damn sense. Not when there was pu**y in every city, just waiting for attention.

We were driving down through the main part of town to get to where we were going and when we came up to where the tavern was located, I noticed two guys outside the door. All of the lights were off, and one guy had a crowbar in his hand. Now, I realized that the chances of me being in the right place at the right time was slim, so this had to be some kind of divine intervention from Joker, forcing me to do the right damn thing whether I wanted to or not. I cussed him under my breath before telling Tippy to stop the car for me to get out.

I waited for them to pull away before walking up to the bar to confront the thugs. They had all been drinking and I didn't feel like owing someone for them getting arrested. The two guys had the crowbar in the door and were getting ready to pop it open. "Hey, dickheads, what do you think you're doing?"

The crowbar dropped and they both stood up to my attention. "Yeah, so my buddy just called the cops and they are in route. You might want to high tail out of here before they arrive."

"Who the f**k are you?" One of them asked.

"Let's just say I'm not someone you want to cross."

They looked at each other and started laughing. "Unless your last name is Thomas, we don't have to do shit."

This was it. This was exactly what I didn't want to do. Admitting who I was would for sure get back to my father and he would then know I was back in town. Still, I owed Joker and dead or not, this was what he built. "Then I guess you better start running, because my last name is Thomas. In fact, I believe you might know my father, Vincent Thomas."

Their eyes got real big in the pale moonlight. "You're Vince's son?"

I held out my palms. "Yep. So, I suggest you get your asses out of here and don't come back."

"Well, that might be a problem, since your dad is the one who ordered us to do this."

I held my composure but both of my hands went into a fist. My f**king father had ordered this break in and probably the thugs that came to threaten Joker's daughter. "You tell my father to back the f**k off. Now, get the hell out of here, before the police arrive."

I watched them walk around the corner, before I started walking back to the other bar. I wasn't sure why they were there, but one thing I did know was that they were going to keep coming back and I was the only person that could do something to prevent it.

Chapter 7

Charlie

I went from being in college and starting my new independent life, to raising a four year old and running a bar. I was in so far over my head I didn't know what to do.

I had to admit that the kid was easy to fall in love with. I was shocked when I first met him and realized how much he resembled me. Now, whenever we went somewhere he was always mistaken for being my son instead of my little brother.

It was still hard for me to call him that sometimes. For so long I never had family and then all of the sudden I found out that I had a real half sibling out there.

Ryan was smart and, aside from losing both of his parents, he always seemed to be brave and happy. Some of my greatest memories were being his age and being with my mom and dad. Sure, he hadn't been my biological father, but the man loved me and protected me. I still wasn't totally over the whole secret thing, but my mother was dead and couldn't explain herself to me. Besides, I knew why she did it, even if I didn't agree with her. I wouldn't want my child thinking she was crazy in the head and imagining a man that didn't exist, when he really did.

Running a bar wasn't all that it was cracked up to be. My hours sucked and I barely made enough to pay my vendors. Mr. Bo, the old man who still worked occasionally, said that times were tough for people and eventually it would pick back up. Without a cook to fill short orders, I relied mostly on the weekly pool leaguers to come in and run up high bar tabs while they played. Of course, it wasn't exactly a great place to raise a kid, but with no other options and not enough money to afford another place, we had to make due. The best thing was that I could check on him frequently and he went to preschool every day from twelve to three.

Once I dropped out of school, it was easier to start getting the hang of the bar, although I was still failing often.

After the two men came to collect the money that I knew nothing about, I closed up the bar early and made sure all the doors were secure. I'd lived in bad conditions, but I wasn't about to bring Ryan up where he had to be afraid every day of his life. I wanted him to have the life I would have had, if my parents didn't die. Maybe I never would have known about my father, but meeting my brother made me happy, even if I couldn't admit it out loud yet.

It was around one in the morning when I heard people talking. I cracked open the window and saw the two men, I ran toward the kitchen and started dialing the police. I knew they would never make it to us in time, not unless they were already somewhere close. Ryan was asleep, and I didn't want to scare him.

They could break into the bar and bust it to hell, but getting into the upstairs wouldn't be so easy. It had a metal door that happened to have three chain locks on the inside. I didn't get the need for the protection, but seeing the goons outside of my window made me appreciate them being there.

I kept trying to peek out the window without being spotted when I noticed someone down the road getting out of a car. All I could think of was that there were more people coming to help them break in. If the cops didn't arrive soon, I was in real trouble.

As the guy got close, I recognized his face. He was the same guy that had made the goons leave earlier in the day. At first, I thought he was in on their scam. I tried to hear what they were saying, but the siren in the distance was making it impossible. Joe made pool sticks in a back room of the apartment, so I ran back and grabbed half of a stick to use in case they got upstairs and I had to try and defend us. Joe also kept a gun in the safe, and even though I knew the combination, I wasn't comfortable using it.

When I got back to the window, I saw the two men walking back to their car, while the guy stood there watching them. After they drove away, he started to walk away from the bar.

I wanted to stop him and ask why he was helping me but, soon after he disappeared into the darkness, the police car showed up and I had to go down and let them in.

An hour later, the officers were leaving with nothing to go on other than me claiming someone was trying to break in. Finding two men wearing black hoodies wasn't exactly easy to do. It was how everyone dressed on a cool night.

I didn't sleep much that night and got a first morning call saying that Bo couldn't come in all week because he had the flu. Without help, there was no way I could manage everything myself. I made a help wanted sign and put it in the window, desperate for someone to help. While I started my daily routine, Ryan helped me clean the beer mugs and make sure all the lights were turned on.

"What's wrong Charlie?" I still loved the way he said my name.

"Nothing's wrong Ry. I'm just trying to get everything ready." I scratched his little head and kissed it. I loved the way he smelled and how he always made me feel like I was never going to be alone again. We were a team now and no matter what happened with the stupid bar, I knew we would always be family.

While trying to get ready for the lunch rush, without a cook, I heard the bell jingle on the front door and wiped my hands off before seeing who it was. I swear, every single time I heard it open I feared those guys were back to threaten me. If I had the damn money they were asking for, I'd gladly give it to them so they could leave me alone.

A lanky guy that was in early stages of a blonde receding hairline leaned against the counter. "Hey, what can I get ya?"

"I um, saw that sign in the window and wanted to know what kind of help you're looking for." He has a voice like a fifty year old chain smoker. As he leaned against the bar, I noticed that his arms were covered in tattoos. They used to scare me when I was little, but now that I was an adult, and had some of my own, I thought they were sexy. His however, were not the sexy kind. They were the kind that someone had done by a friend with an ink pen, or maybe while he was in jail.

"I need a short order cook, like yesterday. Do you have any experience?"

He smiled and I noticed one of his front teeth were chipped. "I worked at a burger joint. I think I can handle some bar food."

I gave a half smile. "Can you start today?"

"Hells yeah!" He rubbed his hands together. "Just show me what to do and I'll be on this shit."

He was enthusiastic, that was for sure. I held my hand up to keep him from walking behind the bar. "Wait! I need you to fill out some forms first. Have you ever been convicted of a crime?" I had to ask. I didn't want to die.

He put his head down and clenched his jaw. "It was a long time ago. Me and my buddies stole cars. I spent two years in the joint. Look lady, I got kids and a girlfriend at home. This job would really help me out. I will bust my ass for you if you just give me the chance."

I held out my hand. "My name's Charlie. Just fill out the application and I will show you where to get started."

Yeah, it was probably a mistake, but I was such a sucker for someone with a child now. I hated foster care and if I could prevent a child from being separated from his family, I was going to do it.

"Shaun. Thank you so much for this."

After showing Shaun around the kitchen, I got busy in the front of the bar. Ryan finally came out of hiding and gave him a quick hello before playing at my feet, where patrons couldn't see him. Our lunch rush wasn't too bad, but those who did eat seemed to be happy with their food.

I was feeling good for a change, like maybe if Shaun would work out, it would give me more time to do other things.

I missed Zach and Elle so much. I never thought I'd say that about Elle, but it was the truth. She had offered to come by and start helping me out. I think she had this plan to get more people to come in on the weekends. I didn't know how she was going to do it, but if anyone had the resources, it was her.

Shaun had to leave at six to get his kids from daycare, so I asked if he could stick around while I took an order for a vendor out back. Of course, I brought Ry with me, just in case he was some kind of ra**st criminal. I know, I should have done some kind of background check, but desperate times call for desperate measures and if the darn lawyers didn't locate that guy John Thomas and find a buyer for this place, me and Ry would have to figure out another game plan. I couldn't run this bar forever by myself. I didn't have a clue how I was doing it.

Some days I wish I would have walked away from the tavern, but each time I looked at my brother, I knew I made the right choice. I looked down at the little guy. "So, what do you think of Shaun?"

He shrugged his shoulders. "His teeth are ugly."

"Is that it?"

"He whistles a lot." His legs were moving back and forth as he sat on the boxes.

I laughed. "Do you think he will do good cooking in the kitchen?"

He shrugged again. "My dad always said to be nice to people, even when they aren't nice to me."

I hated hearing him praise the man that haunted my dreams, but I understood that he loved him. "So, we should give him a chance?"

"Yes, but only for three years."

I laughed again. "Do you even know how long three years is?"

He put up his hands. "No, is it a long time?"

"You're four years old and three is one less than you."

"I meant five minutes then."

I laughed again and got him down from the box. "Got it boss man."

"My dad used to call me that." I saw his face get sad.

I held his hand as we walked back out to the front of the bar. "I know you miss him."

"Yeah, but I like having a sister."

I knelt down in front of him and touched his chest where his heart sat. "Dad is always in here, you know. He's always in your heart. I'm sure he's watching you right now and can't get over how brave you are."

"He's watching you too, Charlie. That's what dads do."

It was easier to just agree with him. "Yeah, he's watching us both."

I noticed new faces at the bar and also tripped over my own two feet as I went running toward Zach. I hadn't seen him in weeks and missed him terribly. He had a job and attended school full time, so driving thirty minutes to hang out, just wasn't realistic. His arms wrapped around me. "Wow, I think you missed me," he teased.

I pressed my lips against his. "I did."

He put me down and turned to kneel in front of Ryan. "Hey, kiddo. What's new with you?"

"Charlie says I'm the boss now. Are you eating dinner with us?" Ryan loved seeing Zach. I think he loved it because he'd always been around guys. Zach represented someone I couldn't be.

"Well, boss man, is it okay with you if I stay?"

He turned and whispered to me. "Can he?"

"I guess he can," I teased. "Why don't you and Zach head upstairs? I need to see my new employee out and get some things cleaned up.

Zach leaned over toward my ear. "How about I feed this guy and get him in bed, then I will come help you close up the bar around eleven and we can have some catch up time?"

He reached his hand up and caressed my breast while Ryan wasn't looking. I nodded right before I watched them disappear up the stairs.

I was so excited about Zach being upstairs that nothing else seemed to matter to me. I let Shaun go so he could get his kids, then I waited for the happy hour folks. Luckily, it was a Monday and it was dead. By nine p.m., I was locking the doors and turning off the lights. Maybe it was bad business to close early, but I was busting my ass. I dropped out of school, left my friends and had no social life at all. That didn't even touch the surface to my failing sex life. With Zach upstairs waiting to satisfy my every need, I wasn't wasting any more time. The only business I was willing to do was the kind that happened in the sheets.

So, things didn't exactly go as planned when I got upstairs. Zach's brown hair was disheveled and he was sprawled out on the couch, snoring. Ryan was sitting on the floor in pajamas playing with a truck. I ran my hands through my long hair and squatted down to face my brother. "What happened up here?"

He looked over at Zach. "Zach did the plane thing with me and then he pretended to be a lion and carried me all over, but he's asleep now. Do you want to be a lion?"

"No, silly, it's way too late to be a lion."

After getting Ry tucked into his bed, I headed out into the living room and covered up Zach. As much as I missed seeing him, I knew he had to be tired to give up a night with sex. It wouldn't have mattered if he was awake because, like almost every night, I felt someone climbing into bed and little arms wrapping around me. "You okay?"

"I got scared again, Charlie. I don't want the monster to get me."

I pushed the covers down so we wouldn't sweat to death. "There are no monsters in here."

"I love you, Charlie."

I sat up watching my little brother sleep. He had brown hair and brown eyes and when he pouted, his little bottom lip would stick out. I hadn't said those three words in such a long time, but I did love him. We were connected and, even though I wasn't his parent, we were still blood and nobody could take that from us. In moments like this, it made me want to make this situation work. I wanted him to always have a home. As much as I hated the fact that I worked in a bar, I was learning that family comes first and making sacrifices was what had to be done.

Chapter 8

Jammer

Tippy had picked me up two blocks away from the tavern, after passing the police cars. I was so pissed off about my father being involved and having something to do with Joker's business that I almost didn't want to get laid.

Almost.

Once we got to his crib, the little brunette wasn't going to take no for an answer. She unzipped my jacket and tugged it off of me, so she could run her hands up my t-shirt. "You have a nice body."

I could hear Tippy and his girlfriend in the bedroom. She had a high pitched laugh and when we stopped hearing it, we knew they were in there f**king. I ran my hands through the girl's hair. "So do you."

She bit down on her lip as she pulled off her top. These girls were so easy. They were all the same. For some reason they all thought that after one night we'd somehow want to change and settle down. One good f**k could turn into a serious stalker if you didn't play your cards right. Sleeping with some of these girls was like biting into the valentines chocolates and not knowing whether you had caramel or some strawberry gel that tasted like medicine. It was a chance that I took every single time I wanted to get my dick wet.

I'm not saying that I didn't like their company sometimes, especially if I'd been on the road for a while. A woman's touch kept me from stressing the hell out about what I was running from. It wasn't just my life, it was the life.

Now, it seemed that I'd put myself right up into the mess again. It would be easy to just leave and walk away from it. After all, I came to see Joker and he had died. Nothing was keeping me, well, except for my guilty conscience. That poor chick had no idea what was going on. If someone didn't help her fast, she was going to wake up to be homeless, especially if my father had his hands in the business.

My attention was brought back to what was going on in the present when the girl climbed up onto my lap and straddled me. I brought my hands around and grabbed both sides of her ass. "You sure you want this?" I always asked. Sure, I didn't respect them and I wouldn't ever call them or see them again, but I always asked if they were sure.

"I've been ready for this since you walked through that door, baby." She leaned in and kissed me softly on the lips, letting her tongue drag slowly as it pulled away from my top lip. She kept her eyes open, as if it were some means to seduce me more.

If these girls could only understand that them being easy wasn't exactly the kind of turn on that guys like me were looking for. The truth was, I liked a girl that I had to try to get, not the kind that pulled down their pants and bent over. The chase turned me on and knowing that also told me that I would never be able to settle down with just one woman. Once I won the chase, I got bored and went looking for something new.

This chick would appease the moment and take care of my most recent hard on but, aside from that, I was already done with her.

Yeah, maybe that would make me an ass**le, but it wasn't like I was giving them false hope. They knew what they were getting into before they started. I never sugar coated anything for a piece of ass. Girls like this were a dime a dozen and since this was my buddy's house and not hers, I didn't have to do shit.

Still, as she leaned in for another kiss, it was hard to resist the growing erection in my pants. One of the flaws of being a man was that if a half descent girl was straddling you, grinding her body against your dick, it was going to get hard.

She wasted no time, tugging at my shirt and pulling it over my head. I think when she saw all of my tattoos, she got even more turned on.

Through my years of traveling, I'd picked up some kind of tattoo addiction. I had almost two complete sleeves on my arms of famous landmarks and mascots. On one arm, I had the Baltimore Orioles logo and the Baltimore Raven's logo. I had the Natty Bo guy and sexy girl drinking a Coke. My other arm was mainly tribal art of random designs I doodled when I got bored. They were surrounding all fifteen billiard balls that were randomly set going down my whole arm. It was, by far, my favorite piece.

This broad hadn't gotten to my back. Across the top in tribal letters, it read, 'It's all about the Hustle'.

My parents were always against tattoos, so of course it was the first thing I did when I moved out.

As she continued tracing her finger down my arm, I played with a strand of her long brown hair. "So, what should I call you?"

She reached up, took off her top, and tossed it to the floor. "Just call me Jaye. It's what my friends call me."

I reached up and cupped her tits in my hands. "So, we're friends now?"

She grinded into my lap harder. "Something like that."

She leaned back and gave me more arm room to free her tits from her bra. I watched her watching me lean in and take a lick of one of her silver dollar ni**les. It became hard as I stroked my tongue over it a second time. When it was wet enough, I blew cold air over it, until it was as hard as it could get. She bit down on her lip and let out a little sound as I repeated the process on the other side. Her hands dug into my scalp as I continued to drag my teeth against her skin. I kissed up to her neck, finally getting close enough for her to lean into my kiss.

Jaye responded to my touch the way I knew she would. I was sure her little panties would be dripping by the time I was ready to f**k her. I reached around and patted her on the ass. "Hop down and take off your pants so we can get this party started."

I watched her slide down off of me and leaned over as she removed her pants. She squeezed her legs together and waited for me to say something. I reached inside of my wallet and grabbed a rubber. She continued watching me unzip my pants and finally pull out my aching erection. "Lose the panties and get your ass up on this shit."

With her bra still hanging under her br**sts, she dropped those little thongs and climbed right onto me. I took my wrapped up erection and teased her entrance. Just like I had assumed, she was already lubricated and ready to roll. I started to enter her slowly, but with her being on top, she took control and let my whole girth slide deep inside of her. I grabbed onto her little waist and helped her to a good rhythm. She picked up the pace rapidly and after just a few minutes, I could tell I was ready to finish. Her pu**y felt too good to wait any longer, plus I wasn't about to worry what she thought.

When she felt me tightening up on my grip of her waist, she slowed her movements. After one soft kiss, she got up. "Did it feel good, baby?"

I smiled and held up my thumb. "It's all good."

Like always, I spent the rest of the night in the company of Jaye. It was a good thing it was so late, because it was easy to go to sleep.

I woke up in a strange bedroom, with a naked chick's arm sprung across my chest. From the way the sun was blaring into the window, I knew it must be morning, or maybe even afternoon. I wasn't very good about sticking to a schedule.

A little later, Tippy's girlfriend made us all a big breakfast, which was nice for a change.

Jaye was already giving me that look like she wanted to ask if we could hang out again. Usually I'd just lie and tell the chick it would be cool. No reason to hurt their feelings, even if it's how I really felt.

"So, how long you staying in town?" Tippy asked with a mouth full of food.

I took a drink before answering him. "I don't know, man. I came here to see a friend and found out that he's dead. There ain't much more to do here now."

"I got this friend that wanted to do an eight ball match with him and another guy. They want to do two grand. What do you say? You want to make a few G's before you roll out?"

I wasn't interested until I knew the opponents. I wasn't willing to take risks when it came to a grand out of my pocket. "What's the spot?"

"Straight up, yo. They don't want a spot. In fact this bitch said he and his friend can hang even with us. You believe that shit? There ain't no f**king way that shit is going to happen."

"Are you talking some kind of partners shit? I'm not cool with relying on you to make your shots."

"Hell no, it ain't partners. Him and the other dude want to play me separately, but I ain't into staying up all night for two matches plus, the place they want to shoot doesn't stay open late."

One of my rules was that I never played people in an arranged match if they were being particular about where to shoot. The table could have flaws and they could use those flaws to their advantage. "You dumb ass, the tables probably ain't level."

"It's McNally's, dickhead. You know there is some serious gambling going on in the back of that place. You ever been there?"

McNally's, my home for five years, was located about forty five minutes from where Tippy and I grew up. When I lived with Joker, he didn't really announce to everyone that he had a roommate. From the very beginning of our friendship, I'd made it clear that I didn't want my parents knowing where to find me. I just wondered now if that's how Joker got involved with my father. If someone found out that the guy was helping me, he would have a vendetta against him. "Yeah, I been there. They have some killer tables."

"I know, dude. The guy that owned the place was on the pro tour for a few years. He made sticks out of an upstairs shop."

If he only knew how many sticks I made out of that upstairs shop. "Tell them I'll play." I'd shot in hundreds of bars, but my most favorite was the tables where Joker had taught me to be the player I was today. Plus, it would be nice to make a quick grand before I rolled out of town.

"I'll make some calls, bro. In the meantime you can just crash here. I already noticed you like the amenities."

I mouthed the words "fuck you" before finishing my meal.

While Tippy made the calls to set up the match, I knew there was only one thing that was going to be a problem about playing at Joker's bar. His little walking attitude of a daughter would likely be there and that was a distraction that I didn't need with money on the line.

I was going to have to go make friends with her and I had this feeling that it wasn't going to be easy.

Chapter 9

Charlie

I had just opened the doors when in walked a familiar face. Ever since I saw him chase those guys away, I had been wondering if I'd ever see him again. He approached the bar with a cocky grin on his face. "Look what the cat drug in."

"If I were you, I wouldn't mention pu**y unless you're offering some." My mouth dropped as I stared into his dark eyes.

"In your dreams." He must think I'm crazy to be amused at a comment like that.

"Yeah, I'd take that dream any night." He tapped both hands on the bar in some kind of beat.

"Are you here to drink at eleven in the morning, or did you just come here to piss me off?" I wanted his annoying ass to walk right back out of the door. For the second time, Zach had come to visit me and nothing had happened between us. My body was crying for some attention and the only thing I was getting was hideous pickup lines from a cocky stranger. My life couldn't get worse.

He stuck out his hand. "I'm Jammer."

"What kind of name is that?" It sounded ridiculous.

"It's the name you'll be calling out the next time you're holding a shower head between your legs and wishing it was my mouth."

I seriously stood there flabbergasted. What kind of ass**le would have the gull to speak to someone like he was talking to me? I had to keep my composure. If I let him think he was getting to me, he would keep at it. "I don't need that when I have a boyfriend that does whatever I want."

He finally put his hand down when I didn't shake it. "That's too bad. I could have given you the hottest f**k of your life."

I pushed a menu across the table. "Order something or leave. Five minutes is too long to be dealing with a loser like you."

He looked down at the menu. "I'll take a cheeseburger with everything on it."

I turned around to face the kitchen window. "Shaun, I need a cheeseburger with everything."

I left Jammer sitting at the bar while I started doing other things. I had to go to the grocery store to buy fresh produce for the sandwiches and I was running out of cheese slices. I started making a list of what I needed when I heard Shaun say the order was up. I grabbed the plate with the burger and chips and turned to see that Jammer was gone.

In the back of the tavern, I heard the sound of a rack of pool balls being broke. I grabbed a bottle of ketchup and walked it back there.

Jammer was bent over at a table in the back corner. He may have been a total ass**le, but he was fine to look at. When he extended his arm, I could see the tattoos on his forearm and knew there were probably a lot more all over his body.

He was one of those sexy guys that any girl would want to get with until he opened up his mouth. I saw him catch me looking at him and walked over to sit down his burger on the table. He took one more shot and sunk the ball in the pocket. "You shoot?"

I wanted to ignore him and walk away, but he was spending money in my bar. "Not really."

"How come?" He took a bite of his burger and waited for me to reply.

"Seriously, are you really trying to have a normal conversation with me after you just acted like a complete ass?" I couldn't believe this guy.

"I was just stating the obvious. With me, what you see is what you get, sweet thing. So, how come you don't shoot? I mean, you got some badass tables back here. Most places don't take care of their tables."

"Well apparently my father was big into pool. Some guy randomly showed up and re-felted the tables last week. He claims that every two months they are to be re-felted. I don't see the difference. They looked fine to me."

He shook his head and tossed the balls around on the table. "Trust me, there is a big difference."

"What are you some kind of pool guru, or do you just know everything?"

He laughed at me and started approaching me with a cue ball in his hand. Before I could resist, he grabbed my arm and stuck the cue in my hand. "Put this ball anywhere on the table and tell me which pocket you want me to shoot that eight ball."

Didn't he know that I couldn't stand him? "Why would I even care if you could make the shot? This is a just a waste of my time." I started to walk away, but turned because I had the cue ball in my hand.

"As much as I like seeing you with one of my balls in your hand, I think I'm going to need that back."

I cocked my eyebrow and decided that if I didn't do it, he would continue to harass me.

"Shoot it from here." I hid that white cue ball behind another ball and it was blocking him from being able to see his eight ball.

He smiled and chalked up the tip of his stick. "So when I make this shot, what are you going to give me?"

I put my hands on my hips. "Nothing! It's impossible anyway."

He pointed to the eight ball. "It's actually pretty easy, but since you say it's impossible, I think we should make a wager."

I crossed my arms. "I am not sleeping with you. I don't even know you!"

"After this shot you're going to get to know me." He was so sure of himself that I wanted to punch him, but I was so certain he was lying about being able to make the shot that a wager didn't even matter.

"Since I know you are going to miss, what are you thinking about wagering?"

"I'm shooting a match here later tonight. If I make this shot, then you have to come watch."

I think I was more shocked that he didn't tell me I had to blow him, or something completely ridiculous. "Why would I want to do that?

"Just agree so I can sink this already."

"Fine, let's watch you miss!" I leaned against a stool and watched him line up his shot. I looked again and it was completely blocked. Jammer smiled at me and shook his head as he cocked up his stick in the air, instead of it being level. As he poked on the cue ball it spun around the ball blocking it and went over to knock in the eight ball. I stood there in shock. It seemed impossible and he'd made it look so simple.

"We start shooting around ten. If I were you, I'd close the bar then, so you can watch me take every single shot." He had a half smile on his face that I wanted to punch off.

"I am not doing that!"

"I made the shot fair and square."

"You hustled me!" I poked him in the chest when he got closer to me. He was close enough that I could reach out and touch him if I wanted to. "That isn't fair."

"Nothing is fair in hustling." The door sounded and I knew I had to get back to tending the bar. "You better be here at ten, or I will come looking for you."

I walked away and said nothing else. I wasn't going to watch him play. He was the biggest baboon I'd ever dealt with. I hated him.

Once our lunch rush was done and over with, I noticed that I no longer heard the pool balls being hit around. I waited twenty more minutes to go back and check on the billiards room, on account of not wanting to be set up by that ass**le. When I got back there the pool light had been turned off and he was gone. On top of his plate was a fifty dollar bill and on his napkin was a note that read 'ten p.m.'.

I crumbled up the napkin and tossed it on the plate, before carrying the mess to the trash. I couldn't believe he'd left me a fifty dollar bill. It had to have been a mistake. Maybe he just wanted to get his change when he came back in tonight, or maybe that was his way of making sure I showed up to give him that change.

I shook my head and realized I'd been played. "Damn!"

I spent the rest of the day sulking over having been played by that jerk. When Ryan's daycare bus dropped him off, it was the first time I let myself smile. I don't know why I was letting that creep get under my skin. He was probably some criminal.

Ryan grabbed his bag and started pulling papers out. "Look Charlie, I made you a picture."

I looked down at the paper and noticed that it was three people holding hands. The biggest person was in the middle. I pointed. "Is that Zach?"

"No, silly, it's me and you and that's our daddy in the middle." He pointed to where our feet were on the paper. "See, we are on top of the clouds. My teacher said we had to draw a picture of a special place. Since we can only see daddy in heaven, that is where I wanted to draw."

What the hell do I say to that? "I think that is so sweet, Ry."

"If we could visit daddy in heaven, would you want to go with me?" He was so innocent and probably the cutest kid I'd ever seen.

"Kiddo, I'd go wherever you wanted me to as long as I could see you smile."

He giggled. "Charlie, I'm hungry."

I loved how he could change the subject like it never existed. "Go back to Shaun and tell him what you want. Don't forget to wash your hands before you come back out."

After Ryan ate all of his chicken tenders, he decided that he wanted to color. Shaun worked until seven and then headed home to be with his family. He was already such a big help to me.

When Ryan started to yawn, I locked the front doors and put the 'be back in ten' sign up. It was always more than ten minutes, but for now, I didn't really have a choice. I had no help and my brother was my first priority. After his quick bath, we got him into his pajamas and tucked into bed. It was probably bad, but I always let him fall asleep with the television on. If he needed me for any reason, he knew I was just downstairs.

Usually, during the week, I could close the tavern by eleven, but this guy Tippy always came in and played pool late at night. Since he spent a bunch of money and brought in more customers, I let him hold late night matches. Once it got late enough, I would lock the doors and let them play.

The next few hours were pretty steady. A few people left because I didn't have the ability to keep the kitchen open once Shaun left at night.

Tippy came in and I got him a beer before hanging back at the bar while he warmed up. Two big Italian looking guys came in and ordered mixed drinks before heading back to join him. I don't know why, but my heart jumped when I heard the door open and saw Jammer walking in with two girls on his arms. It figures that he could pick up two bimbos at once.

I rolled my eyes as he approached the bar. He smiled at me like he wasn't carting the other girls around. "Hey, sexy, I need a Coke and whatever they want as well."

I shook my head and started making his soda. The girls giggled and ordered sodas too. I gave them theirs first and Jammer watched them walk away before he turned back to my attention. I slid the Styrofoam cup toward him. "I have your change from earlier."

"You don't owe me any change. I paid for a good meal and the entertainment that came with it."

"Did you just refer to me as entertainment?" I was more than pissed.

Did I look like some hooker?

He laughed at my comment. "If I did, what are you going to do about it?"

"Please take your soda and follow your little toys to the back room. I've already had about as much as I can take from you."

He leaned over the counter, to be sure nobody else could hear us. "That's too bad, because I can promise you that after one night with me, you'll never say that again."

I scrunched up my face. "You disgust me."

"Love me or hate me, but either way you're still thinking about me, babe."

"Go to hell."

He grabbed his soda and started walking away. "When you're lying on that bed tonight, think of me."

"I seriously hate you."

I really did!

Chapter 10

Jammer

I don't know where in the hell Tippy found these two roughnecks we were playing. They were alright shots, but I almost felt bad for having to take their money. I, at least, liked a run for my money.

When I played a match with someone, we had to show our money before the match and leave it in the same place until the match was won by either person. Usually, we would put our stack of bills on top of the pool light. It was out of the way and didn't attract anyone wanting to walk up and take it.

I broke and ran out all of my balls on the first rack, not even giving the guy a turn at the table. Tippy's girlfriend and Jaye came along to watch us play and, even though it was nice to have two good looking women with us, I couldn't help but think about the hot little thing that was on the other side of the bar. Something about her just got under my skin and made me want to keep taunting her. She got so mad; so red in the face that I thought it was comical. Of course she wanted to give me back my change that I wasn't going to ever take back. It was obvious she was struggling and her father had helped me when I didn't have a pot to piss in.

The guy I was shooting wanted to take a smoke break, so I decided it was time for another drink. "Tip, you need a refill?"

"Yeah, man. You don't have to go get it, just call Charlie. She'll bring it in to us. I always tip her good before I leave."

Charlie. Her name was Charlie.

I think a smile came across my face before I even knew what I was doing. Tippy looked over at his girlfriend and walked closer to me. "You don't want to go there, Jammer. She ain't like the Sugars you are used to."

I patted him on the shoulder. "Yeah, let me be the judge of that."

He chased after me and when we made it around the corner, I stopped. "I'm not playing, man. She'll never give you the time of day. Charlie's a nice girl who is really having a hard time. She had to drop out of college and become a parent to a brother she didn't even know she had. The last thing she needs is a one night stand with you."

I pushed him, but not in a fighting kind of way. "You want her for yourself don't you? What, did she turn you down?"

He scrunched up his face. "No, dude. My girl would kick my ass. That's the only reason she came tonight. She's real jealous and thinks I have Sugars on the side."

"You probably do!" Pussy was easy for us to get. If he wasn't in love with his girlfriend, then I knew he was still hooking up with other chicks.

"Yeah, what she don't know, won't hurt her."

I motioned my head toward the bar. "You hitting the bartender?"

He laughed and shook his head. "Nah, man, but not for lack of trying. She wouldn't give me the time of day. She's not really that fun to be around, but it didn't stop me from wanting a piece. Her body is stacked and I'd love to bend her over."

I pushed my old friend back towards the billiards room. "Dude, you have issues. Go back in there before your girlfriend goes all psycho. You cost me a grand, I'm going to have to kick your ass."

"You can try." I laughed as I made my way toward the bar.

Charlie was in the back and I could hear dishes being banged around. Since I knew the bar better than anyone, I walked in the back. She was scrubbing a large bowl out and from the way she was thrashing the water around, I could tell she wasn't in the best of moods. I snuck up behind her and got close to her ear. "What are you doing?"

She jumped and soap suds went flying all over the place. "What the hell are you doing back here?" She backed away from me and started wiping off her face.

"Take it easy! I came up to a get a drink and didn't want to help myself. Shit, I could have been one of those thugs. Why don't you have someone helping you out at night? You can't run this place yourself." Where the hell was Bo?

She tossed me a towel. "Let's just say that when my so called father died, his employees didn't stick around. In fact, I'm pretty sure that I just lost the last one this week. I can't catch a break, no matter how hard I try. I don't expect someone like you to understand. Why are you even asking anyway? Don't you have a girlfriend out there waiting for you? Does she know you keep hitting on me every chance you get?" She grabbed the towel from me and tossed it on the counter. "Just tell me what you want, Jammer. I don't have time to socialize and I sure don't want to make any new friends. I don't even have time for the ones I have."

"I don't have girlfriends." I walked up close enough to brush the remaining suds off of her shoulder. She started to back away, but I stepped forward to keep us close. "What about you?"

She kept her eyes focused on me and her hands at her sides. I grabbed the string to her apron and started pulling it loose. Her hand slapped me away when she realized what I was doing. "Don't touch me!"

I put my hands up in the air, like I was under arrest. I couldn't help but let a laugh escape when I saw how mad she was getting. "Come on. I'm just playing around with you. Do you ever smile? Charlie?" When she heard me say her name she tightened up her lips and folded her arms across her chest.

"I only smile when I'm happy, and that is usually never!"

I leaned back against a metal shelf. "I bet I can make you smile, Charlie."

She put her hands up. "Please stop saying my name and please get out of my kitchen. Don't you have a match going on? Did you lose already?"

"Of course, I didn't lose but, it'd go a lot faster if you were watching, like you promised you would." Okay, maybe I had hustled her earlier, but I liked messing with her. She got so uptight about it.

"I didn't promise you anything! Go away!"

I crossed my arms and stood up straight. "The way I see it, you have two options. You can try to move me out of here yourself, which I promise you will fail at, or you can come watch me shoot. Either way I think, will be equally enjoyable for me."

She rolled her eyes. "I really don't like you at all."

"I really don't believe you."

"I have no reason to lie. You're an ass**le!"

"Jammer, get your ass back out here and shoot!" Tippy's voice interrupted us.

I grabbed Charlie by the apron and pulled her out of the kitchen with me. She tried to fight me. "If you don't let go of me I am going to scream rape or something. I swear, I will."

I kept laughing as I got myself a beer and pulled her into the billiard room with me. Right away I could see that Jaye was jealous, not that I cared. It wasn't like I owed her anything, in fact, I hadn't asked her to come with me at all. I pulled a chair out for Charlie. "Watch and learn, woman."

I caught her shaking her head as I grabbed my stick and got down to business with my match.

Tippy started sharking his player right away, like he always did. The guy he was playing was getting annoyed, but I didn't have time to worry about them. The guy I was shooting had stuck me with a safety. He had hidden my object ball in between two of his. The way the rules went was that if I didn't hit my object ball first, it would give my opponent ball in hand, meaning he could put the ball anywhere he wanted on the table and have the advantage of running out the rack. I wasn't okay with that. Plus, I was trying really hard to impress the un-impressible Charlie.

I studied every angle of the shot before deciding to kick at it, by shooting at a rail behind it and hitting it the opposite way. I leaned down and stroked four times, like I always did before I shot. The cue ball traveled at medium speed into the opposing wall to finally come back and hit my object ball. Unfortunately, it freed up both of his balls to enable him to run out the rack. I cussed under my breath when I realized he could win this rack.

I backed up against the wall while he started shooting and heard Charlie laughing at me. "Wow, the only thing I'm learning from you is how to lose."

I tightened my lip and sighed. "Whatever! It ain't over."

"Better make it fast. I'm getting really bored." She was such a damn spitfire. It made me crazy and, at the same time, peaked my interest more.

The guy stuck himself on a tough shot to end the game and he ended up scratching the cue, instead of making his ball. Since he scratched on the final ball, I automatically won that rack. The guy picked up the stick and banged it over his knee in frustration. "FUCK!" I tried not to smile, because I knew how pissed it would have made me to miss that shot.

I broke and ran the next two racks and played a couple kicked shots to do it. As the guy was racking the balls on the table, I turned toward Charlie. "Still think I suck?"

She cocked an eyebrow. "How much longer do I have to sit here?"

It was past one in the morning and I knew she had a little brother to take care of. I was shocked that the kid belonged to Joker, but at any rate, I guess she was kind of like his mother now. "Keep complaining and I'll make it last longer."

"You're such a douche!"

Tippy had finished his match and he was all over his girl. Jaye was steady watching me. Before I broke what I knew would be my last rack, the three of them approached me. "Hey, yo, we are going to head out. You going to crash at my place?" He turned and looked at Charlie before looking back at me. Jaye must have caught it, because suddenly she was wrapping her arms around me and kissing on my neck. I pushed her away slowly, but kept looking at Tippy. "Just take them home, I'll walk back to your place when I'm done."

There was no sense in making any smart comments around either girl. I wasn't going to be in town long and I wasn't about to make any more trouble for Charlie.

He shook my hand. "Cool, man, see you later."

Jaye leaned up and kissed me on the cheek. "Don't make me wait too long." She looked over at Charlie. "I can't wait to have a repeat of what we did last night."

Why were women so vicious and possessive?

I grabbed her arms and had to clench my jaw to keep from saying something ignorant. This was why I didn't do relationships. "Yeah, see you later."

Charlie walked them out and as I bent down to start the next rack, I heard female voices talking and then the door shutting. When she didn't return, I knew she thought it was her way to get away from me. I don't know if I was just overly annoyed, but I ran out on the guy and didn't even remember making the shots. He was pissed, but shook my hand to be a good sport about it. "You ever going to be back in town for a rematch?" He asked.

I shrugged my shoulders. "I don't know, man. Maybe."

"Look me up, dude. We'll make it happen. You're a good shot, a damn good shot."

I looked back to make sure Charlie wasn't around. "I learned how to play from Joker himself."

"Figures! It's a shame he's gone. That poor girl is going to lose this place in no time. She isn't really a people person, if you know what I mean." His other buddy started laughing with him.

We hung out for about thirty more minutes before the guys said they had to go. Sometimes, it was better to shoot the shit than to walk away and make enemies. I'd made a quick grand and the two dudes seemed to be pretty cool.

I walked with them toward the door and noticed that Charlie was nowhere to be found. "Hey, I'm just going to tell her we're leaving so she can lock up. You guys have a good night." I locked the door once they left and headed toward the kitchen. When I got ready to walk back out, I noticed that the door was cracked open, leading to the back alley. I don't know why, but I got this feeling in the pit of my stomach and I just knew something wasn't right. My feet started running before my brain could register what I was doing.

I no sooner got out of the door when I saw some guy pushing Charlie up against the building. I plowed into him, sending him falling to the ground. Charlie was crying, but my main concern was kicking the shit out of this thug. I grabbed him by his shirt and punched him in his jaw. He fell down on his side and rolled over to spit blood from his mouth. When he tried to get up, I kicked him. "Stay down!" I looked over at a very distressed Charlie. "Get inside and call the damn cops."

She ran inside the building and I stayed to make sure the loser didn't get up. When I knew she was out of sight, I grabbed his collar again. "What were you doing?"

He held his hands over his face. "He left the door open for me. I wasn't going to hurt her. I was just supposed to scare her."

Anger filled me and, for whatever reason, I slammed his head into the concrete. "Who sent you?"

"I don't know. I swear." He was scared of what I was going to do next and he needed to be.

"You tell whoever sent you here that they have to go through me to get to her. You got it?" Spit was coming out of my mouth, I was so enraged. I shoved him down and stood up straight. "You tell them John Thomas is back in town."

Sirens were already getting closer and I figured that Charlie was not going to come back out. I could only hope she didn't hear me say my real name. I knew she was looking for John Thomas, but I didn't want to be involved, any more than I already was.

Chapter 11

Charlie

After sitting there for what seemed like forever, watching Jammer's match, I got up and started cleaning, so that I could head up to bed once everyone was finished. The baby monitor, which I used for peace of mind, hadn't made a peep since I put my brother to bed. I grabbed all the trash bags out of the cans behind the bar and in the kitchen and went to take them out to the dumpster. Except, when I got outside that creep that was in the bar earlier was waiting for me. He pushed me from behind and I went flying into the brick building. The bags dropped and trash filled the alley. He pressed his body against my back. "If you scream, I will hurt you, bitch. You understand?"

I shook my head, letting him know I understood, but the tears were running down my cheeks. I was sure he was going to rape me. I stayed quiet, knowing that victims who survive their attackers, don't try to fight them. Then again, some survivors fought back to survive. It was too much to think about in the moment.

Don't beg for your life. Don't let him know you're weak.

"Where's your purse?"

I was so afraid to speak. My purse was upstairs, where my little brother was safely sleeping. I'd die before I let someone hurt an innocent child, especially one that was my blood. Before I could think of anything to say, Jammer started kicking the shit out of the guy, after he had pulled him off of me. I was in shock at first, wondering where he came from and how he knew where to find me.

"Get inside and call the damn cops," Jammer yelled as he held down the guy.

I ran inside as fast as I could, crying the whole way. While I dialed the police with shaking hands, I ducked down under the bar, where I was hidden from view. I was trembling when the operator came on the line and asked what my emergency was. I could barely get the words out and even though she stayed on the line until they arrived, I have no idea what we even talked about. It was like I was in a warping tunnel and nothing was really happening.

The next thing I knew, lights were reflecting in the windows and I heard the police radios from outside the kitchen door. I heard footsteps, but backed myself under the bar further. A set of white Nike's stopped in front of me and a hand was reaching out for mine. "Charlie, the police have him in the car. You can come out now. I promise you're safe."

As much as I had hated him, I owed him so much. I placed my hand into his and let him pull me to my feet. When I got to a standing position, I just fell right into his chest and started crying. He was a stranger; someone that I'd met just days ago, but at that moment, he made me feel safe. I was shocked that a jerk like him would let me mess up his shirt with my snotty crying, but he did. In fact, he put his arms around my back and held me close. "The police need to come in and talk to you, but I wasn't sure where you ran off to, so I wanted to make sure you were alright first."

I pulled away and looked into his brown eyes. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to..."

He put his hand over my mouth. "Even the toughest woman in the world can have a moment. It's all good. I know you hate me."

My heart was still beating rapidly, but knowing he was standing there with me, gave me the courage to breathe. This guy, that I really wanted to hate, was the only thing keeping me from losing it. I couldn't answer him, because the officers came walking in.

Jammer sat down next to me at one of the tables as they questioned me. He said he'd already given his statement outside. When they were all through, one of them turned around before I could close the door. "I suggest your friend stays with you tonight. He seems to do a good job keeping you safe."

"Oh, he's not...I mean..."

"I'm not going anywhere officer. She'll be safe." Jammer's voice caught me off guard, but I waited for the police to pull away before I turned around to face him.

"Why would you say that?"

He smiled and reached for my face. I backed away and he held up his hands. "I was checking your nose. Did that punk hit you?"

"No!" I went to touch my nose and pain shot through it. "Holy hell!"

"Yeah, there's dried up blood. You better get it cleaned up. It could be broken."

I walked over to the sink and used a rag to clean the blood from my nose. It hadn't bled that much, because nothing was on my shirt. Jammer followed me and leaned against the counter. "You aren't staying here!"

He reached up and wiped a spot I missed off my face. "Here's how I see things. For the past two nights, someone has tried to break in this place. Both times, I was here to save your ass. If you really want to spend the night alone, I can go. There's a horny chick waiting for me at my buddy's house. As much as I like pu**y, I've somehow gotten myself involved in whatever this is that's going on with you."

I put my hands on my hips. "I didn't ask for your help, Jammer." I was too proud to thank him. "You should just go. I mean, I'm sure your girl is waiting for you, anyway."

He must not have liked my tone. "Are you really going to be bitchy when I just saved your ass?"

"I can handle things myself!" I was in over my head.

"Yeah, that's apparent! Look, I can sleep down here if it makes you feel better, but I am not the kind of guy to leave someone alone when they've just been through a traumatic situation."

My mouth dropped. "Who are you right now? Two seconds ago you were saying pu**y was waiting for you." I threw my hands up over my head. "Just leave!"

"You are one stubborn little bitch, that's for sure." He started walking toward the front door.

I walked behind him so I could lock up the door. "You act like being around you is some kind of picnic. How do I know that you aren't involved in these break-ins?"

He turned around to face me and for the first time I saw a sort of vulnerability to his demeanor. "I have nothing to do with them."

I believed him immediately, but he'd already started walking out the door. When it closed behind him, I locked it and slid down to the floor. That's when the real tears hit me. I tried to put my hands to my face, but my nose was throbbing, so I cried more.

At least five minutes went by and I just sat there bawling. A light knock scared the crap out of me, causing me to scream and back away.

Jammer was standing on the other side of the door. I wiped my face and opened the door. "What do you..."

Again, he put his hand over my mouth. "You can think whatever you want, but I got one block away and felt like a total dick for leaving you alone. I'm staying here with you, at least until you can find someone to help out. I'm a shitty cook, but I know all about liquor and can help you out every night. I'm only staying until you find someone else to work nights, but I will not take no for an answer."

When he stopped talking, I was still sulking. "Fine!"

"Good, now show me where I have to sleep, because I'm too f**king tired to argue with you anymore."

Against my better judgment, I walked Jammer up to the second floor. There was a twin bed back in the room that my father had used for his workshop. Jammer handed me his pool case. "This is my prize possession. Take it and keep it with you. If you have it, then you'll know you can trust me."

A pool stick was his prize possession?

"My little brother wakes up early. I hope you don't plan on sleeping in." I almost wanted to laugh at the way I talked to him. I knew I was being a bitch and I just couldn't stop myself.

I got halfway down the hall, when I heard him calling me. "Charlie, can you say one kind thing? I am starting to think that I am helping Satan's daughter. It's kind of creepy."

I let out an air filled laugh. "Thank you for saving me again. I don't hate you as much as I did before." I turned around and headed back to my bedroom.

Jammer may not have been a complete stranger, but I still didn't feel safe. Hell, I should have been accustomed to this by now. Half of my life, I'd lived with strangers. When you are moved from foster homes, everyone is basically a stranger. Even though Jammer had saved me, I still had to be cautious. It was how I was wired and I had a child to keep safe.

Once I got my pajamas on, I went in and carried Ry into my room to sleep with me. With the bedroom door locked, I cuddled up next to my brother and tried to finally relax. We were safe. The tavern was locked up and our place was locked up.

I could hear Jammer snoring in the other room and a sense of security washed over me. I'd just been through something so traumatic, and I would never admit this to him, but I felt safe with him staying with us. He'd even offered to help me out at nights at the bar.

He probably needed a place to crash and figured that helping me was like paying rent. At this point, I didn't even care. I started to cry again, but finally fell asleep from exhaustion.

When I woke up to the smoke detector going off and found the bed next to me empty, I shot out of my bed. My heart began racing as I made it to the kitchen. Ryan was sitting on the counter, while a shirtless Jammer was fanning the smoke away from the detector with a towel. They both turned when they saw me standing there. I waited for the thing to stop beeping before I tried to talk.

"What is going on?"

"I asked Jammer to make me pancakes," Ryan explained.

Jammer shrugged. "I tried."

Let me just say that it was very hard for my sleepy mind to work when I got a look at that man's upper body. Not only was he built good, but his tattoos were sexy as hell. When he cleared his throat, I knew he caught me checking him out. I looked up quickly. "It would be great if you didn't burn down our home while you're staying here." I shook my head and walked back into my bedroom.

When I got to my bathroom mirror, I'd liked to have died from my appearance.

I could hear the guys in the kitchen talking about my face, as I stood there seeing it for myself. One eye was totally black. My nose was swollen and my other eye had a purple ring underneath of it. My hair looked like a rat nested in it and my tank top let the whole world know that it was a little bit chilly.

"Oh my God," I cried.

How much worse could my life get?

I got myself dressed, including a bra, and made my way out to the kitchen. Jammer slid me a cup of coffee. "I took a guess and gave you cream and sugar."

I grabbed the cup and took a sip. It tasted perfect and I hated that he'd guessed right. I didn't want to be friends with this jerk, but the more I tried to hate him, the more I didn't.

This was going to be a problem.

A big one.

Chapter 12

Jammer

What the hell had I gotten myself into?

Coming back to town was going to be the worst mistake of my life, I could just see it. For the second night in a row, Charlie had been threatened and, for whatever reason, I had been around to save her. If that wasn't giving me reason enough to stay and help her, the guilt of almost walking away was.

Charlie was the most stubborn person I think I had ever met. It was very clear how much she loathed getting help from me. It actually intrigued me more to do it. I liked the way I could piss her off by just talking. I didn't know anything about the girl, but I could tell that she didn't take shit from anyone. I admired that in a woman, but I also got the feeling that, in order for her to be that way, she'd had a terrible life so far.

Last night, telling her I was going to stay and work for her, had been a compulsive decision based on me thinking I could somehow be this hero that I clearly wasn't. I wanted to back out immediately. The last thing I wanted was another reason to stay in town. When Charlie not only agreed, but took me upstairs and showed me the guest room, I just couldn't leave.

Even though I was back in that little twin bed I used to sleep in, I had the best night's sleep in years.

Since I'd lived in the apartment before, I knew where to find all the things to make coffee. I had just poured in the water and hit brew when the little boy came out. "Hey, what are you doing in my house?"

"My name is Jammer and I am going to be helping out your sister for a little while. So, what's your name?"

"Ryan Joseph McNally, but my sister calls me Ry." The kid had his father's eyes. I felt so guilty not telling Charlie that not only did I know her father, but I also lived in this apartment with him.

I held out my hand and shook his. "It's nice to meet you, Ry. So how long does your sister usually sleep?"

He shrugged. "I usually wake her up, but sometimes it makes her a meanie head."

I couldn't help but laugh at his comment. "So she gets grumpy?" It wasn't hard to believe. She never smiled.

"A lot! Hey, can you make me pancakes?"

I wasn't exactly good at cooking. I'd never had to be. It couldn't be that hard. "I can try. Will you still eat them if they taste like shi... Err, I mean crap."

"You were going to say a bad word."

"Yeah, I guess I have to be more careful. I'm not really used to being around kids." I also wasn't used to having a job, or living with people.

"It's okay, I hear a lot of bad words. Daddy said them sometimes. I could hear him saying them when he was working in his shop. Did you know that my daddy liked to play pool? He was the best player in the whole universe."

I laughed a little and began mixing the batter up for the pancakes. "Do you like to play pool, kid?"

His legs were hanging over the counter and he was steady swinging them back and forth. "Yeah, but Charlie doesn't like it. She says it's too loud."

I could see where she would complain about everything. I had poured the batter in the pan, but our conversation distracted me and the next thing I knew, the whole room was smokey and the smoke alarm started blaring. I grabbed a towel and started fanning it at the ceiling, trying to get it to go off. Ryan covered his ears and began laughing, while I fought to get the damn thing to shut up.

All of my attempts didn't work, as Charlie came walking out of the bedroom looking like death. She had two black eyes and her nose was swollen. Aside from her face being beaten, her little body was still smoking.

It became obvious, at first glance, that she was not wearing a bra. In fact, her ni**les were so hard, they were begging me to look. I swear it.

Just as I was looking at her, I caught her looking at me. I guess I should have thrown on a shirt, but this was all so new to me.

"What's going on?" My eyes got real big. This wasn't going to be good.

"I asked Jammer to make me pancakes." Little Ryan was trying to take up for me.

"I tried," I admitted.

"It would be great if you didn't burn down our home while you're staying here."

When she ran back into her room and shut the door, I had expected her to tell me I had to leave. I grabbed a cup and poured coffee into it. "What does your sister put in her coffee?"

He shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know. Her face looks real bad. What happened to her?"

I held up the milk and the sugar bowl. "She had an accident last night, but she's okay now. Does she put these in?"

He shook his head. "Yes, she likes lots of that powder stuff."

I had to laugh. When someone talked about powder, it was normally referring to cocaine, but I knew the kid meant sugar. I made her coffee the same way I took mine and slid it across the counter to her. "I took a guess and gave you cream and sugar."

She cocked her eyebrow and took her first drink. I was really thinking she was going to get up and pour it out to make her own. She didn't though. She sat down at the counter, with new clothes on and her hair up in a ponytail. "Thanks for this. I hate waiting for it brew."

I leaned over the counter. "You hate a lot of things, don't you?"

She looked over at Ryan. "Go get dressed for school, buddy."

Once he was in his room, she turned around to face me. "Look, don't take this the wrong way, but you and I aren't friends. You don't have to pretend to be nice to me. I know you feel like you have some obligation to help me, even though you don't, but you don't have to make conversation with me."

"If I'm going to be staying here and working for you, I think you should at least be nice to me. You can go on saying that we aren't friends, but that won't last very long." She could fight me all she wanted. I'd seen her looking at me. I knew the truth. She might hate my attitude, but there were other things she didn't hate.

"Whatever. If you're going to be working nights, then we don't have to see much of each other. I mean, I will still work the kitchen from six to ten, but other than that, we can steer clear of one another."

"I was thinking we'd be inseparable and spend every second together." She looked annoyed at my comment, as usual.

Ryan came walking out of the bedroom. He had on a Spiderman shirt and jeans. Charlie gave me one more dirty look before taking him into the hall bathroom and getting him cleaned up. When they came out, his hair was combed. Charlie grabbed his bag and walked him outside, but came right back inside. "You're not going to steal anything are you?"

I stuck my mug in the sink and leaned against the countertop. "I was thinking of stealing all of your underwear and climbing out the window, since you would see me leaving the other way."

She growled something under her breath and walked out again.

I knew I was driving her crazy, but I loved it. She got so mad over the smallest things. Once twenty good minutes went by and she hadn't come back, I sat down on the couch and started watching television. My phone kept going off in my room, but I knew it was Tippy asking if I tapped Charlie. I wasn't about to brag about moving into her place, where I'd probably never get pu**y at all. I must have fallen back asleep, because the house phone rang and woke me up. Since I probably wasn't supposed to be living here, I didn't answer it. I had no idea she'd still have Joker's old answering machine hooked up. Her voice filled the room and then a loud beep. "Charlene, this is Roger Simmons from the attorney's office. I am just calling to check in and let you know that we still haven't located John Thomas. I know you were hoping to have the tavern sold by now. We will keep looking and keep you posted if something changes." The machine beeped again before turning off.

What the hell were they looking for me for and why would she ever want to sell her family's bar. They built this from nothing. I needed to know how I was involved in all of this. I didn't need to know all the details to understand that she needed me to sell the place. Little did she know that John Thomas was closer than she could ever imagine. Too bad she wasn't going to find out.

I got myself cleaned up and answered Tippy's messages. He said Jaye was pissed and I really didn't care if I ever saw the chick again. Any woman that easy needed to understand that she probably wasn't going to get a call back.

Tippy agreed to let me leave my car at his place, but drop off my bag of clothes. I'd left a bunch of shit at Joker's place when I moved out and figured that it was probably somewhere in a box. I didn't want Charlie to catch me, so I waited for the lunch rush before climbing in the attic. Sure enough, a box with the name Jammer sat in a corner. I went through the box and grabbed some items that weren't totally out of style. Before climbing back down the stairs, I decided to hide the box, in case Charlie ever came up here looking. I hid it in the far corner and noticed a box of old photo albums. Since I missed my old friend, I started looking through them.

I recognized Joker, but the photos were from when he was younger, maybe even his early twenties. I was almost through the album before I got to a photo that changed everything I'd ever known about Joker. He was standing in front of a pool table with his arm around my father. My mother stood on the other side with another female. I pulled the picture out of the album and put it back where it was. I couldn't believe this. I'd talked about my father and the kind of guy he was. How could Joker have known him the whole time and never tell me? When I got downstairs, I went into the guest room and pulled out the picture again. Sure enough, my parents stood there with Joker.

I knew at that second that there was no way I could walk away from helping Charlie until I got to the bottom of this next puzzle. Since my father obviously knew Joker, there had to be a reason he was trying to scare Charlie out of the bar. This had gone from me being a nice person, to me having a vendetta against my family. Whatever this was, I was going to end it.

Chapter 13

Charlie

I had caked on so much makeup that my face was literally stuck in one position. The black eyes were still noticeable. I just wanted to take the day off and sulk in my bathtub. Except, I had an unexpected roommate and, as much as I didn't want him there, I was so desperate to have the help.

On our way down the stairs, Ryan went on and on about Jammer. For some reason, my little brother liked him. I grabbed him a muffin on the way to his preschool bus and he only stopped talking while he ate it.

It was easy to wear sunglasses outside, but when I went back into the bar, it was too dark to pull it off. Shaun came in, and right away, wanted to know what had happened to me. Since it was still recent, I found it hard to explain. If Jammer wouldn't have been there, I could have been lying dead in that alley after being raped and beaten to death. I really owed him and I hadn't exactly been very nice.

Once the lunch rush was over and the crowd died down to less than two patrons, I told Shaun I had to take to a break for a few minutes. Part of me hoped that I would find Jammer going through my shit so I could kick him out, but the other part was praying that I didn't have to do that. I might not have liked him very much, and he probably didn't like me at all, but I had to make this work, until I knew that me and my brother were going to be safe.

I walked into the place and found Jammer in the kitchen. His back was facing me and I saw even more tattoos. This time I caught myself before he could catch me watching him. I cleared my throat and slid a wrapped up steak sub across the counter, that I had Shaun make before I took my break. "You hungry?"

"Depends what you brought me. Is it poisoned?"

I laughed. He would think that after the bitch I'd been. "It's not poisoned. I brought it as a peace offering."

He raised an eyebrow and I could tell he was skeptical about accepting my way of apologizing. Since I'd always had problems with opening up to people, it was even harder for me to admit when I was wrong.

"What brought this on?" He asked.

I opened the plastic and separated the sub into two pieces. Surprisingly, Jammer reached up into the cabinet and grabbed two plates. I guess he had looked for them when he tried to cook Ry breakfast. I sat half on his plate and half on mine, then walked over to the fridge. "Fighting with you is pointless. I obviously am in way over my head. Now, I have someone trying to physically assault me. I need all the help I can get and if I expect you to hang around, I'm going to have to stop being a bitch about everything."

After putting mayonnaise and ketchup on my sub, I sat at the kitchen island and started eating. Jammer put the same thing on his and leaned across from me, eating while he stood. "What's your story anyway? Why are you so uptight?"

I picked at my sandwich and contemplated saying something smart, but decided that I was only making my life worse. "I don't know. I guess it has to do with my past. I mean, I lost my parents when I was ten. I was put into the foster system and never really had a permanent home. The places that I lived were terrible and I guess I just put up a wall. When I started college, it was hard for me to interact. For the first time in my life, I felt free of all of it. Then, one day, everything changed. I get this letter from a lawyer, saying that a father that I didn't even know I had, left me a tavern and a kid to raise."

He sat his sandwich down. "Damn, Charlie, that's some crazy shit. You didn't know? Like your mother never told you who your real father was?"

I shook my head and kept it down, looking at my food. I couldn't look him in the eye, because thinking that my mother had betrayed me was still hurting me.

"So, what made you decide to take it all on? Why not just sell it and have someone else take the kid?"

They were all valid questions and for some reason, I wanted to tell him. Talking to someone like this was what a normal person would do. They would communicate. "Well, first, I had to take the on responsibility of my brother because I would never want another child to go through what I did, especially my own sibling. Secondly, I can't sell the bar without the other part owner's approval and my lawyers can't track him down. My father left me three quarters, but he left this guy, John, the other quarter. I have no idea who he is and, since he isn't around and I didn't have a job, or a place to live, I moved in here and the rest is history."

Wow, I just told this stranger my whole life story. What was happening to me?

"That explains a lot." Jammer took another bite of his sandwich and looked right at me. "So when you find this guy, will you ask him to sell? I mean, this bar could give you and your brother a future."

I got up to grab a soda and grabbed one for Jammer too. Since I only had Cokes, it wasn't like he had a choice. He could have apple juice, milk or Coke and I knew he didn't want the other two. "I don't really think I want to raise a kid in a bar."

Jammer waved his hands around. "This doesn't look like a bar to me. In fact, it's one of the nicest places I've been in around here. Sure, there is a business downstairs, but it's a lucrative business that has been around for a long time. I think you have everything you need to give your brother a good life."

Maybe I was just being selfish. Was my wanting to sell because I didn't want the challenge? Maybe giving up was just the easy route. "Whatever. I have to get back downstairs."

"And just like that, she's back to her old self." My shoulders fell as I looked down at the floor. He was right.

"Look, I didn't ask you to be my friend." We couldn't be friends. It was too dangerous. "I know the company you keep. I'm nothing like those girls you hang out with."

He chuckled and put his hands over his face. "Yeah, maybe that's why I actually want to be your friend."

"Why? Why are you doing all of this? If it's to get into my pants, I can assure you that it is never going to happen."

He shocked me when he stood up and approached me. I put my hands on my hips, but didn't back away. He leaned against a brick pillar separating the living room from the kitchen and crossed his arms. If he was going to continue staying here, he had to start wearing a shirt. "Yeah, you keep saying that, but I can't decide who is looking at who more."

"I have a boyfriend." Okay, it was a lie, but Zach would be my boyfriend to ward off Jammer, if I asked him to.

"Why hasn't he offered to help you? Have you even told him that you have another guy staying at your place?" I hated that he just stood there looking at me with his arms folded. He was clenching his jaw waiting for me to answer.

"No, I haven't told him. He's busy at school."

"If you really want my help, I suggest you tell him about me staying here. I'd hate for him to walk in on me being here and get the wrong idea about us, because you have assured me that you would never be with someone like me." The way he said it was sarcastic. I tried not to smile, but it came out anyway.

"You can keep taunting all you want. Unless you do laundry, you're never going to see my panties." I put my hands on my hips. I meant what I said, but the whole time, I was wondering how he looked in just a pair of underwear. Then I started thinking about if he wore boxers or briefs. Then I pictured them hanging low as he bent over.

Suddenly, I realized I was staring and when he started waving his hand in front of me. "Earth to Charlie."

"Sorry, I was...um...I was just thinking about something. I gotta go. See you around six."

I rushed out of the apartment before he could say anything else. Why was this happening to me? One minute I was telling him things I didn't tell anyone, the next I was imagining him taking off his clothes.

I didn't like him.

I couldn't like him.

But...he was so damn sexy.

When I got back downstairs, a few new patrons had come into the bar. Shaun was up front, but looked like he was relieved I was back. I threw myself into the customers and, in my free time, I started scrubbing down the baseboards. Jammer was just upstairs, probably naked in the shower.

I didn't understand how I was thinking so much about a guy that I knew nothing about. I'd told him all about me, but he'd offered nothing about himself. If he was a serial killer, I hoped he would kill me when I was asleep.

NO! He protected me.

Still, he must have secrets. Some kind of secrets that he wouldn't want me to know. Why didn't he live anywhere? What kind of person drives from city to city and has no place to call home?

Maybe he was going through my underwear drawer. Maybe he was some kind of freaky cross dresser. That would definitely make him less sexy. Yeah, he has to be a cross dresser. A harmless, weirdo cross dresser.

Chapter 14

Jammer

I don't know how long I stared at that picture. Charlie felt betrayed by everyone she loved and now I was starting to realize that maybe she wasn't the only one who had been lied to. Joker knew my name. He knew who my parents were and never mentioned that to me. In the picture, they appeared to be friends. This couldn't be f**king happening.

Six o'clock came fast and I was showering quickly to be downstairs before I had to hear Charlie's shit. Since I'd offered to help her, and not really asked for anything except a bed to sleep in, I didn't feel like pissing her off any more than she already was. Honestly, there was something about her that was different and I liked it. She didn't choose the terrible upbringing she had. Charlie was a victim in all of this.

Still, after finding the picture and hearing what she had to say at lunch, there was no way that I could tell her my real name. Aside from lying about it at first, now I was even more involved. Clearly, I needed to get to the bottom of things before I told her anything else. Maybe it was a coincidence that Joker and my father were in that picture, but the fact that it was in his album was enough for me to wonder what was going on.

My hair was still wet when I got downstairs and since Tippy hadn't brought me my bag of clothes, I had to wear what I had on the night before. Luckily, Charlie hadn't cleaned out the cabinet under the sink. After five years, some of my things were still lingering around. I found an old bottle of cologne and sprayed just enough to freshen up. Even though I found some of my old clothes, they needed to be washed and I couldn't tell her where I had found them.

I headed downstairs and saw her at the bar. She was on the phone and signing a work order for a beer vendor. I think I almost saw a smile lingering on the corner of her lip when she spotted me.

I walked right up to her, just as the beer guy was leaving. "Hey, you're just in time. Shaun just left for the day and no new customers have come in for dinner."

I looked around and noticed that it was pretty quiet. "Are you expecting a big crowd tonight?"

She shook her head. "It's usually really slow during the week, but there is pool league tonight. They drink a lot and order food. Normally they don't come in until around seven. Do you want me to show you around, so you know where everything is?"

I kept forgetting that she didn't know I'd been here before. "Yeah, that would probably be helpful."

For the next twenty minutes I followed Charlie all around the bar while she told me where I could find everything, and I'm glad she did, because some things were different than I remembered. As I listened to her talking, I couldn't help but check her out. Everything about the girl was hot. Boyfriend or not, I wanted to see her naked. She bent over in front of me to pick up a pen and her ass was all up in my face. I licked my lips and tried to gain composure when she turned around to face me. "So, you think you can handle it?"

Oh, I could handle it alright...I could do more than handle it. I could make her forget all about that boyfriend. If I was going to have to stick around, I may as well take advantage of the perks. Charlie was definitely a perk.

"Yeah, I think I will survive."

I felt something grab at my leg and I jerked back, but it was just the kid hiding under the counter. "Where did you come from?"

"He likes to hide under there. Apparently he did it before I met him." Charlie giggled and handed her brother a cookie. "Ry, you need to stay out of Jammer's way. He's going to be helping us until we can find someone else."

He poked his head out and looked at me. "You mean he can't stay forever?"

She squatted down in front of him. "He's just here to help me until I can find someone else. Jammer can't stay forever. He has a life."

Really I didn't. I would hardly call drifting around hustling people "a life".

"Don't worry, kid, I'm going to teach you to shoot pool before I leave."

"But I can already shoot pool. My daddy taught me when I was littler."

"You mean smaller." Charlie corrected.

"It's okay, I got what he meant." I looked down at the kid. "Maybe you can teach me a few things then?"

"Okay." He seemed genuinely excited.

Charlie made her way into the kitchen and Ryan followed behind her. When people started coming in, I was concerned that someone would recognize me, but the two teams shooting were all new faces to me. Most of them drank bottled beer, which was a piece of cake. A few people wanted mixed drinks, but nothing too complicated. Charlie worked hard making the food in the kitchen and by eight, she was taking Ryan up to bed. She came back down about a half hour later, but I'd already run back in the kitchen and filled an order for a turkey club. I probably put way too much meat on it, but the customer seemed happy about it.

At ten the kitchen was officially closed. With the baby monitor on her hip, she came to the front of the bar and started counting the register. I leaned in beside her. "Don't trust me?"

She raised her eyebrow and kept counting. "I never said that."

"If I wanted to steal from you, I would have just taken the money and walked out. I know I can be...difficult, but I'm not a thief."

She shut the register and turned around to face me with all of the money in her hand still. "I take out all of the money except forty dollars and keep it upstairs in the safe. If someone comes in to rob the register it is never full of cash. As far as you being a thief, again, I never said that."

I finished wiping down the bar and helped Charlie get the lights turned off and double check that everything was locked. I gladly followed her upstairs, watching her perfect ass the whole way. She had to know that I was looking, but never hinted that it annoyed her. When we got inside the apartment, she locked the door behind us and accidentally brushed against my chest. We both realized it at the same time and stood there facing each other. I cleared my throat and looked down at her little mouth. "It's too bad you have a boyfriend."

She didn't move her eyes from mine. "Why is that?"

I scratched my head. "You know why."

I moved a couple inches closer and honestly, I had no idea what I was doing. I didn't come onto girls like this. I most certainly didn't move into their place or want to spend more than a day with just one girl. This wasn't me.

She didn't back away from my advance. "No, I don't."

I took my hand and brushed the back of it against her cheek. She closed her eyes as I did it, showing me that she trusted me enough to touch her. I got closer to her lips, so they were almost touching mine. "I want to kiss you." I grazed my lips over hers.

Charlie grabbed my bottom lip in between hers and kissed me one time. She pulled away and opened her eyes. "We can't. I can't do this with you. I don't know anything about you."

I tried to grab her hand, but she started walking away from me. "Charlie, it was just a kiss."

"If you are only helping me to get into my pants, you can go right now." She put her hands on her hips and got all serious.

I put my hands back behind my head. There was no sense in arguing with her. "If that was all I was here for, I can promise you that we'd be in your bed right now. Goodnight, Charlie."

I didn't let her argue with me over what I said to her. I closed my bedroom door and plopped down on my bed.

I'm not really sure what time it was, but I woke up to screaming and went flying out of my bedroom door with half of a pool stick in my hand. At first, nothing was out of the ordinary but, as the screaming continued, I realized it was coming from Charlie's bedroom. My heart started racing as I feared that someone had broken in and was actually attacking her. The door was cracked open and I ran right in. At first, it took a second for my eyes to adjust, but Charlie was still lying in her bed. She was thrashing around and screaming while still asleep. I'd never heard someone have such a horrific nightmare before, so I rushed to her side. "Charlie...Charlie, wake up. It's just a dream. Wake up."

She shot up and looked around the room. Her chest was covered in sweat and she immediately began to sob. I sat down on the edge of her bed and pulled her into my arms. "Jesus Christ, woman, it was just a nightmare."

She sobbed for a little longer and pulled her head away from my shoulder. "I'm so sorry I woke you up. I thought for sure they would have stopped by now."

I grabbed her chin and pulled her to look at me. "You mean, you have these a lot?"

She shook her head. "I have them every night that I sleep by myself. If Ryan is with me, they aren't as bad. You must think I'm crazy. First I'm a total bitch and now this."

I laughed. "Yeah, actually I think you are the most interesting woman I've ever met. You're different."

She laid back on her pillow and covered her face. "This is so embarrassing. How loud was I?"

"I thought someone was killing you."

She immediately started laughing. "Oh my God, I am so sorry."

I reached down and grabbed the bottom shaft to the stick. "I came in with a weapon to kill the f**ker."

She grabbed the stick and laughed some more. "Wow, this was your weapon of choice? You really are obsessed with the game."

I patted her on her leg. "I'm glad you're okay. I really would have f**ked somebody up. I know you don't believe my intentions, but you and that kid don't deserve what's been happening. I better get back to bed. See you in the morning."

She grabbed my hand. "Jammer wait. Please don't take this the wrong way, but do you think you could just stay in here a little while longer? Just until I fall back asleep?"

I thought about what she was asking me for a second. "I'll be right back."

I was making a mistake, I knew I was, but I was going to do it anyway. This was her idea, not mine. I went into my room and grabbed my blanket and pillow. When I got back to her room, I laid my blanket down on the hardwood floor and climbed on top of it.

Charlie leaned over the bed and looked down at me. "What are you doing?"

"If you can't sleep without someone in your room, then I can't sleep because you will be waking me up with your screaming. This way we both sleep."

"But the floor is hard as shit."

I rolled over and looked up at her. "Are you asking me to sleep with you, Charlie. All you have to do is say the word and these boxer briefs will hit the floor."

One of her pillows came down over my face. "Is everything about sex?"

"I don't know. It's fun and I enjoy it. What about you? Do you enjoy sex?" If she was going to ask me questions, then I could ask her the same.

She giggled like I had embarrassed her. "I guess. I mean... never mind."

"No, enlighten me. I asked you a question. It's only fair you answer me. I mean, I am half naked, laying on your floor, keeping you safe." I waited a second and knew what she was doing. "Don't roll your eyes at me, Charlie."

"I wasn't rolling my eyes," she giggled.

"Yeah, right. Are you going to answer? Please don't tell me you're a virgin."

She giggled some more. "No, I'm not a virgin."

"How old were you when you lost yours?" I asked.

"You first." She replied.

"Ten." I lied.

"Oh my God, that is horrible. You were just a child. Did you even have hair down there?" This time I burst into laughter.

"I was just kidding. I was fifteen. She was a girl from my neighborhood. We went to school and church together. It happened one night when our parents were playing cards. It lasted about five seconds, in case that was your next question."

She laughed again, but this time it was at my flaws. I liked hearing it.

Almost a minute went by before Charlie finally answered my question. "I was fourteen. It happened at one of my foster homes. There was this kid who was fifteen and in the middle of the night, he forced me. The next morning they found him stabbed but never found out what happened."

I sat up and looked right at her. "You're kidding right?"

She laughed again and I grabbed the pillow and threw it back at her. "You suck. I fell for that shit."

"I was sixteen and my boyfriend was the same age. My foster family didn't want me anymore and I knew I would be moving to another school. We had sex the night before I left town. He lit candles and held me all night long. After that night, I never let myself have another serious relationship, because I didn't want to feel the pain of losing anyone else."

The room got quiet and I knew that she'd just told me something that was important to her. "That sucks, but at least he's alive. I'd hate to think I was trying to get into your pants and find out you killed a dude for sleeping with you."

"So, you are admitting you want to sleep with me?"

Damn, did I admit that out loud?

"Maybe. I ain't going to lie, you're sexy as hell. You think your attitude will keep me away, but it attracts me more. I'm fine if it never happens, but you just say the word if you want it to. I'd be all over that shit."

She laid back down on her pillow. "Wow, thanks, I think?"

"For the record, I did just want a kiss tonight."

Chapter 15

Charlie

I couldn't believe this guy was in my room and, not only that, I was telling him things I'd never told anyone else. Was I that desperate for a friend?

It sucked that the dreams were still happening and now Jammer knew about them. I hated feeling fragile to anyone, especially a guy.

He told me that he wanted to kiss me and, truth be told, I wanted to kiss him too. Zach was a great friend of mine and, once in a while, we had benefits with our friendship. But, when we kissed, it was almost orchestrated. It never gave me that weak in the knees, heat between my legs kind of feeling. Standing close to Jammer tonight gave me those feelings and he didn't even have to touch me to do it. It was both scary and turned me on.

I liked sex. I liked the way it made me feel and how relaxed I became afterwards but, for the past few months, I was too stressed to have the time or energy. When I did, it just never seemed to happen. Now I had this guy staying with me. He wasn't going to be around long and he was drop dead sexy. He'd admitted that he was attracted to me and if I wanted something, I could have it.

My heart started beating fast as he said it and, admittedly, it was probably because I was sitting next to him picturing it.

After he made the comment about kissing me, the room fell quiet. I didn't know how to reply. The right thing to do would have been to not ask him back into my room, but lately I just didn't do the right thing. The bottom line was that I was an adult and I had needs, but I also had morals and sleeping with someone I barely knew made me feel uneasy. Since I always had to be in control, this was a problem.

"Are you still awake?" I asked.

"Yeah."

This was it. He was in my room, in his underwear. He might not give me another chance. I threw off my covers and let my feet fall off the bed. I was shaking, but I climbed down and straddled myself over Jammer's body. I think he was in shock because he didn't move a muscle. "What are your parents like?"

Even in the dark room, I could see him giving me a confused look.

"I don't kiss strangers, so, if you want to kiss me, I have to know you."

He put his arms behind his head. "They got married at seventeen and are still married, as far as I know. My father was difficult and my mother did whatever he said."

I leaned down and brushed my lips over Jammer's, before sitting back up. "Why don't you talk to them?"

"I had a falling out with my father. I didn't want to be in business with him, so I split."

As I leaned down to give him a quick peck, he freed one of his hands from behind his head and ran it into my hair. I kept my lips against his a few extra seconds before sitting back up. "Why aren't you married?"

"Why aren't you?" He grabbed the front of my shirt to pull me down, but I wouldn't let him.

"You can't answer a question with a question."

He ran his finger down my tank top in between my br**sts. "No woman has ever made me want to stick around."

Sure, I could have climbed off of him, but he was being honest with me, where other guys would just lie to get pu**y.

I swear, never in my life had I ever done anything like I was doing. I wasn't drunk or doing some kind of mind altering drugs. I was completely sane. My fingers slid down the bottom of my tank-top and lifted it right over my head. Jammer said nothing as I leaned down and pressed my full lips over his. I felt his warm hands sliding up my back as our mouths opened and our tongues brushed. The tingling was back between my legs and the more we kissed, the stronger it got. Jammer's hands slid down into my pajama pants and grabbed my bare ass. He started moving my body against his, until I could feel his erection against my hip. His kisses were perfect, using just enough tongue to make me never want to pull away. My body began reacting to him, even before my mind knew what was happening. I rocked back and forth on top of him, knowing damn well where this was going. He grabbed one of my hands and guided it inside of his briefs. I recognized the smooth skin of his hard penis and knew he wanted to feel it. God, he was so hard and I couldn't help myself, I just began stroking him and kissing him even more.

Jammer sat us up and removed my hand as he led me to my bed. He kneeled down in front of me and kissed each of my br**sts, licking each of my ni**les before kissing his way down to my navel. I could feel the lingering saliva, giving me chills, but I was so hot in other places that it didn't matter.

When his fingers reached the elastic to my pants, I lifted my hips and let him pull them off of me. I was lying there, stark ass naked in front of him, and I wasn't pushing him away. No, I was pulling him on top of me. I wanted to feel the smooth skin of his hard cock, rubbing against my entrance.

I knew the drill; I had to get it wet, before it could slide in. I sunk down lower on the bed and licked up his shaft. I could hear him taking deep breaths as I placed it in my mouth. He grabbed my hair and pulled me off of it. "You can't do that right now. I'll come too fast."

His hand rubbed over my sweet spot and I heard him moan. "Your little pu**y is so wet for me, Charlie. You want me don't you?"

Did he say I was wet? This had never happened to me before. I'd always had to use lubricated condoms. Oh God, I needed a condom.

I bit his lip and pulled it away from his mouth before letting go and licking it. This wasn't happening without protection, so I at least wanted to make out some more before he got all pissed, or begged me to blow him.

I was shocked when he stood up. He leaned down and kissed me one more time. "I'll be right back. Please don't change your mind in the next thirty seconds."

While he ran into his room, I ran into the bathroom and rinsed with mouthwash. I wanted fresh breath for this. If it was going to only happen this one time, I needed it to be perfect.

Jammer came walking in and kicked off his briefs. I'd accidentally left the bathroom light on and it gave me enough to see everything that I'd been feeling. He ripped open the wrapper with his teeth and applied it before climbing back into bed.

He kissed my breast first and made his way to my lips. I teased him with my tongue, while he traced his finger down to my clit. He rubbed hard in a circular motion, with what felt like his thumb. I watched him lick his lips and he looked down and watched what he was doing. "Do you like that?"

"Yes," I cried.

"I want to watch you come, Charlie. I want to see how good I make you feel." His deep voice breathing into my ear, combined with his hard rubbing, sent me into a frenzy. This was the second time tonight that I'd screamed, but this time it was out of pleasure. My body tensed and my toes pointed. I grabbed Jammer's shoulder and bit into it as the most beautiful feelings rushed through every single inch of my body.

When I opened my eyes, I felt Jammer removing his thumb. He put it up to his mouth and sucked on it. "Let me f**k you, Charlie. Please let me f**k you."

I nodded my head and let him spread my legs. He took his erection and slapped it against my tender sex. My body trembled each time, making me feel like I wanted to cry out again. If I thought I was wet before, well feeling him slide all around the outside of my lips, let me know that it was even worse now. "Do I need to dry off or something?"

He smiled and leaned down to kiss me as the base of him sat perfectly against my entrance. "Hell no, I want it just the way it is. Tell me you want this." He pushed just a little bit more.

I felt like pushing my hips up, so it slid it further. I wanted it so bad I could scream. It was right there and I wanted to feel it sliding deep inside of me, filling me with a rush of emotional bliss.

"Give it to me."

He pushed one time and I felt myself being filled. At first, it still felt dry and he held it there, still, while he kissed me again. "You feel so tight, so good." He sucked in more air and moved a little faster. I reciprocated his movements with my own hips. "Oh, f**k, baby slow down."

If he was feeling half as good as I was then, I could understand why he wanted it to last. "I want to ride you."

I figured he would flip us around while we were still tangled together, but he pulled out and flipped over beside me, pulling me right on top of him, and holding his c**k so I could slid back on. It went deeper this way and he must have felt it, too. We both moaned at the first couple movements. I didn't expect to come again, but the feeling rushed over me so sudden that I almost lost my balance and passed out. His hands dug into my thighs as I tightened up and enjoyed the sensations that were rushing over me.

That had never happened to me during sex before. It excited me, making me grind even harder against him. I felt him grabbing my ass with one hand and squeezing my nipple with the other. I put my hands into my hair and let my br**sts bounce around for him to watch. He kept closing his eyes, probably trying his best to hold out his release but, after a while, his body tensed and his eyes closed. He held me still and jerked a few more times before finally relaxing. We were both covered in sweat, but I leaned down and kissed him anyway.

I literally fell off of him, onto the bed. We both lay there staring at the ceiling and trying to catch our breath.

It was amazing. Fucktastically amazing.

I was kind of hoping that this was all a dream and that, when I woke up, I wouldn't have to feel all weird about what we'd done. How could I have been so irresponsible and slept with this guy?

He didn't say anything else, so neither did I.

When I woke up alone in my bed the next morning, I thought it really had been a dream, until I realized I was naked.

Jammer wasn't in my bed though. He'd gone back in his room to sleep.

The whole time I was in the shower, I was reliving every second of it.

I had to shake it off.

It was just a one-time crazy thing.

It was never going to happen again.

I wouldn't let it.

Chapter 16

Jammer

Yeah, waking up next to Charlie reminded me of just how great last night had been, but I also knew she was probably going to freak out. I didn't know that much about women, except when they did something crazy they always had some excuse for it. To make things easier on both of us, I just decided to go back in my room, before she and the kid woke up.

I tried to go back to sleep, but just laid there getting hard again thinking about her. When I heard the shower running a few hours later, I knew she was awake. I went into the kitchen to make coffee before she came out and we had to speak. I had just finished stirring my cup when she walked out of the bedroom. I caught her giving me a quick glance, before looking at the coffee pot. "Morning."

She continued to pour her coffee and avoid eye contact. "Last night was..."

"A mistake. I get it. It's all good," I interrupted.

She slid beside me without looking back. "Great......um, see you later then." I watched her walk away, but didn't answer. I thought she'd at least be nice to me. We talked about things last night. I told her things that I didn't tell people.

She got Ryan ready and they left without saying anything else. I don't know why it was weighing on me so much. I had my own motives for being there and having sex was definitely f**king everything up, including my priorities.

I sent Tippy a text asking him where the hell my bag was and watched some television. When he didn't respond, I knew I had to talk to Charlie. I either had to borrow her vehicle, or ask if she had clothes from her father, which, in turn, would be mine that I found in the attic.

It was around lunchtime when I headed down the steps and into the bar. Charlie was talking to a few guys and writing down orders. I sat down at the bar, not making it obvious that I'd just come from upstairs.

She took forever getting to me, which was fine, since for the first time in my life, I had a loss for words. Last night was unexpected, but it was too damn good to forget about. Her shirt was too low cut and I caught myself thinking about those little ni**les that were hiding just underneath. "Did you want something?" She caught my attention right away.

"Yeah, uh, my friend hasn't dropped off my shit and I can't keep wearing the same clothes. I was wondering if I could use your car to go get it, or if you have a bag of your dad's clothes or something?"

She walked away without answering, but came back with a set of keys. "Am I going to regret this?"

I snatched the keys. "I thought after last night, you wouldn't ask me shit like that again."

She leaned into our conversation, so nobody else could hear. "We said we weren't going to talk about that."

"I wasn't talking about that part. Damn woman, chill!" I stood up from the bar. "I'll be back in an hour."

"If you're not, I will call the cops," She threatened.

My body instinctively turned around. I pointed at her. "Wow, after we...after what happened, you're going to threaten me? I think you shouldn't make any more compulsive decisions. You obviously don't know how to act afterwards. Don't worry Charlie, I won't talk about it. I like having the secret that I've seen every inch of your naked body."

Her eyes got real big and I knew I hit a nerve. I just walked out after that. I wasn't in the mood to deal with her shitty attitude.

It figured that one of the first girls I actually wanted to bang again wished it never happened. Talk about crap luck.

It took me a few minutes to find out what car was hers. Luckily, she had a pad on her keychain that unlocked her doors. I kept walking down the street until I found the car it unlocked.

Even though this wasn't the neighborhood that I grew up in, it was close enough to know my way around. Baltimore was a big city and living on the opposite side of town from my parents was far enough for those five years.

Tippy's house was about ten minutes from the Tavern. Since it was during the week, I was hoping that Jaye would be working somewhere, doing whatever she did. I was wrong though. She was sitting on the couch, looking all sad when I walked in. I lifted my head to acknowledge Tippy and his girlfriend.

"Yo, man, I was just headed over to bring you your shit."

I saw my bag sitting on the floor next to where Jaye sat. When I reached down to grab it, she grabbed my hand. Jaye poked her head around me. "You guys think you can give us a minute?"

Tippy and his girl left the room promptly. I didn't feel like dealing with this chick, not at all.

I sat down across from her and folded my hands while I waited for her to speak. "Jammer, did I do something to piss you off?"

"No." I wasn't going to give her a long explanation. It wasn't worth my time.

"Why didn't you come back the other night? I thought we hit it off."

I leaned forward, placing my elbows on the top of my legs. "We f**ked. That's all it was."

Her mouth dropped open and she looked like she was about to cry. "Didn't you like it? Wasn't it good?"

This chick was the same as all the ones before her, except normally, I didn't stay in town long enough to deal with this type of shit. Why couldn't they get that it was just a one-time thing? Sure, if the Charlie thing wouldn't have happened, I probably would have hit it again, but things had changed.

Last night, I'd hooked up with someone who didn't want to ever do it again. It figured that the one girl I actually wanted to keep banging didn't want to. Instead, I was stuck with these crazy bitches.

I looked up at Jaye. "Look, it was fine. I know what you want me to say, but I'd be lying to you if I did. I'm not interested in a relationship. I don't do them at all."

She leaned back and crossed her arms. "Oh really? So, are you hot for that bartender? You think I didn't notice how you acted around her?"

Jesus Christ, this chick was batshit crazy if she was jealous of Charlie for watching me play pool. "Look, I don't really care what you saw. Charlie and I are friends and there ain't a damn thing you could say to me to make me change my mind about that."

"Oh, so if you're really good in bed, you are considered a friend? I see where I rank."

I stood up. I wasn't going to let some bitch get up in my shit about what I was doing. Nobody knew what happened in Charlie's room last night. They weren't going to find out. "We're done here."

My foot was at the threshold to the door before she got to me and grabbed my arm. "Jammer, wait, I'm sorry."

I took her hand and removed it. "The next time you f**k someone the first night you meet them, remind yourself that they don't want to get to know you. You women need to learn that guys like me want the girls that play hard to get, not the ones spreading their legs before telling us their names."

I felt annoyed on my drive back to the tavern. The only good thing was the idea of getting a shower and wearing clean clothes. Charlie was busy when I got back inside. I waved her keys, but kept walking toward the stairs.

When I opened the door, I had no idea that a chick would be sitting there on the couch, like she owned the place. "Oh, wow. She did not tell me you looked like that."

She was a pretty girl, but I could smell her daddy's money on her from where I was standing. "So, who are you?"

She got up and stuck out her hand. "I'm Elle, Charlie's college roommate."

"Jammer, Charlie's temporary roommate."

She bit down on her lips while she looked me up and down. "Let me guess, she's been a ray of sunshine so far?"

I laughed. "Yeah, she's alright. It just takes a while." Was I really taking up for her?

"I guess. So, Charlie tells me you play pool."

Charlie talked to her friend about me. I wondered if she told her what we'd done last night. "Yep."

She turned around and walked back to the couch, swaying her ass to get attention. Once she was back to sitting, she grabbed the remote, but kept her eyes on me. "You think that while I'm visiting you could teach me how to shoot?"

She did have a nice ass. "Sure." It wasn't like Charlie was asking. "If you'll excuse me, I need to shower before my shift starts. I don't want my boss getting all mad and shit."

She giggled as I started walking toward the bathroom.

The shower felt good and it was nice to have different clothes to put on. I put gel in my hair and sprayed my favorite cologne. This would be the best Charlie had ever seen me look. After checking myself out in the mirror a few more times, I wondered if she would notice. Then I wondered why I even cared.

Elle tried to talk to me before I left, but I was in a hurry to get downstairs. Charlie spotted me as soon as I came around the corner and I could tell she was trying really hard not to smile. I walked behind the bar and got up close to her. "Hey, you ready for me to work?"

She gave me a weird look and moved her hands between us. "Are we cool?"

"Yeah, why wouldn't we be?"

She shook her head. "It's just that last night, well, I was vulnerable and...well you know the rest."

I put my hand on her shoulder. "Let's just be friends, Charlie. It makes things a hell of a lot easier."

"Yeah, you're probably right. I'm glad we talked last night."

I looked at her eyes and it brought back the memories of last night and how close we were, but she didn't want that and I had to respect her. I was lying about who I was and it was obvious that I wasn't capable of being more than I was right now. She'd be smart to keep us on a friend level, especially knowing how explosive we were when we were together.

Chapter 17

Charlie

Against my best judgment, I'd slept with Jammer. I could blame it on being vulnerable all I wanted, but the truth was that when he came to my rescue and stayed with me, after saving me before, I couldn't help myself. I knew I shouldn't have given into temptation and it wasn't like he was forcing me. I made the choice. I was the one that took the leap and started it all.

Now things were awkward. I didn't know what to say to him after I woke up and he was gone. In the kitchen, I wanted to tell him that I had a great time. I didn't know he was going to cut me off and say that we could forget about it. Which, by the way, was completely impossible to do. Jammer had given me the best orgasms of my life and left me panting for more. The last thing I wanted to do was forget about it.

Part of me was mad at myself for even letting myself believe that he could want me differently than all of his other one night stands. If anything, he should hate me the most. I was probably the only girl to treat him horribly, that's for sure.

I dread having to work with him later in the day, but when Elle came in, everything changed. Jammer and I talked and I agreed with him about being friends, even though the whole time I was picturing the way his lips kissed tender parts of my body. I tried not to stare into his eyes and give away that fact that I was getting wet just being close to him.

Elle came running back in the kitchen, just as I had left my conversation with Jammer. She was all giddy and red in the face. "Oh my God Charlie, tell me that fine specimen doesn't have a girlfriend or a wife somewhere."

My stomach hurt hearing her ask that because I knew that ladies' man, Jammer, would spend one night with Elle and forget I existed. "He doesn't date. He just f**ks."

Her eyes got really big and she smiled. "Yummy, no strings. What does a friend have to do to get the hookup?"

GO HOME! Okay, I didn't say that. I knew she was here to promote Karaoke night. "You don't want to hook up with him. He's a whore, Elle. He sleeps with anything that walks."

Way to go, Charlie. You just called yourself trash.

"Did he tell you that? I thought you just met a few days ago?"

"He lives with me. We talk sometimes and I saw one of the girls he was trying to get rid of. She was all up on his junk."

Jammer's voice startled me. He was peeking through the service opening. "I need a club sandwich with extra mayonnaise and onions, when your friend is done talking about my fine ass." He winked and disappeared through the window again.

I rolled my eyes before turning my attention to my blushing friend. Her smile was from cheek to cheek. "Do you think he likes me?"

I wasn't used to talking about my feelings, but I wanted to scream them out loud when she asked me that. I'd never been jealous, or given myself a reason to be, and here I was feeling like I wanted to run upstairs and cry. "If you want to know, ask him yourself. I can't read his mind."

"Well, at least we know he noticed me. Now, I just have to show him what he's missing."

Great, not only can I never have that again but, I have to watch my only girlfriend have a go. "Don't you have to go help the guy set up his equipment or something?"

She smacked me on the ass. "Good idea. Maybe if I shake my ass in front of Jammer all night, he'll want to hook up later."

I waited until she left before I slumped down on the countertop and covered my face with my hands.

What was wrong with me? I'd never stressed over someone and, of all people, I was stressing over Jammer. He just wanted to be friends with me and I had to live with that. Since he told me he didn't have relationships, his fling with Elle would be over in a day and I wouldn't have to watch her swooning all over him. In fact, before I knew it, he would be gone and I could forget all about the one night we'd spent together.

I made the club sandwich, but not fast enough to Jammer's standards. He met me back in the kitchen and saw me cutting the bread in half. "You alright, Charlie?"

I raised my eyebrow, but kept looking down. "I'm fine. It's just been a bad day. Hopefully it gets crowded in here and I forget about it."

"I just came in for the sandwich but, if you need something else, I can stay."

I gave him a dirty look. "I think my friend has something else for you. Just do me a favor and f**k her somewhere other than my apartment."

He started laughing at me. "Yeah, I can do that. She really said she's into me?"

I was still holding the knife and could see myself drawing an imaginary line across my neck if I heard the two of them talking about hooking up anymore. "Ask her yourself! God!"

I went to walk away, but he jumped in front of me. "Whoa, for someone that wants to forget, you sure don't like someone else having a go."

"A go? You say it like it's a freaking carnival ride. Sorry, I don't want to buy any more tickets for the Jammer ride. I think it needs to be retired since it's been ridden too much. Some of its parts are going to fall off soon." Yes, I compared him to a carnival ride. He deserved it.

"You didn't complain when you were riding me last night."

I shoved him out of the kitchen, almost knocking the sandwich on the floor. I was so pissed at him that I wanted to scream.

Karaoke started at ten, exactly when the kitchen closed. Since I had gone up and put my brother to bed early, I had to go check on him. He was old enough to know how the baby monitor worked and I always worried he had turned it off and snuck and got into something he shouldn't have. When I came back down I saw Elle talking to the small crowd. Jammer was handing a couple a few drinks and taking their money. When he got to the register, he looked my way and winked at me, but all I could do was roll my eyes. In just a few hours, he would be banging one of my only friends in the bathroom, or some other random place, while I cried myself to sleep for letting myself sleep with him in the first place.

I got the rest of the kitchen cleaned up and knew that Jammer would take out the trash once the bar closed. Hell, maybe he would take Elle out back where I was assaulted and bang her up against the brick wall. The bruises on my eyes were starting to fade, but I was still freaked out over it.

I turned out the lights and made my way to the bar. Jammer was washing out a couple glasses at the small sink and drying them as he washed. Aside from the sexual tension and mess that was happening between us, he was a damn good bartender and he seemed to really have fun doing it. I walked up to the register to clear out any large bills, just as he was walking by. The front of our bodies brushed against each other and I felt butterflies immediately. This was not good at all.

I looked up into his eyes and saw him looking back. "I need to tell you something," he shouted over the music.

"It will have to wait until I can hear you better."

He nodded as I took my envelope of money up the stairs. I almost hated that the music could be heard through the walls, because it was only a matter of time before my brother was awake. Sure enough, as soon as I walked inside, he was coming out of his room. "Charlie, it's too noisy."

I ran over and grabbed his little Disney earphones. "Put these on. I can come lay with you when I put this money away."

He took his headphones and headed back into his room. When I got in there he was already in his bed. I laid down beside him and played with his hair. "I love you, Charlie."

"I love you, too."

"Do you love, Jammer?"

"No! Why would you think that?" Had he seen us last night?

"Well, he keeps us safe like you keep me safe."

He was so cute and too smart for his age. "I keep you safe because you are my brother and I love you. Jammer is just helping us out. He doesn't have boyfriend/girlfriend feelings for me. He isn't my boyfriend. Jammer isn't the kind of guy to be tied down to a family."

His little bottom lip stuck out. "But I like him. He's nice to me," he admitted.

"Yeah, I like him too, maybe even too much, but I have you and a business to run. It's too much for anyone to want to be a part of."

"Are you mad at me for being your brother?"

His question broke my heart. "Of course not! Ryan, all that I had ever wanted is to have a real family. You gave me that. I could never be mad at you. I know sometimes I am hard to deal with, but it's just because I am struggling to be good at everything I do. Don't ever think it's your fault."

"I think you do a good job, Charlie. I'm glad you're my sister."

I kissed my brother again on his head. "I'm glad you're my brother. Now, get some sleep, kiddo." I played with his hair until he fell asleep. His headphones weren't on too loud, but they covered up the bass of the bar music and allowed him to sleep.

The Karaoke idea was good, but only for one night out of the week. I couldn't have him miserable because he couldn't sleep. He was the first priority in my life.

I must have dozed off, because when I opened my eyes, it was quieter. Music was still playing, but nobody was singing. I got up really fast and ran into the bathroom to freshen up. I had to reapply my makeup on one side to hide the remaining purple under my eye. The bar was dark enough where it was hardly noticeable.

I walked downstairs fearing that I would see Elle hanging all over Jammer. Instead, she was sitting at the bar across from him, laughing at something he'd said. Jammer caught me walking up and smiled. I looked away from him and turned my attention to Elle. She had a beer in one hand and her cell phone in the other. "Hey, chick. What's up?"

She leaned into my ear. "Tommy won't stop texting me. I told him we were having a girl's night, but he wants to hook up." She pointed at Jammer, but in a way that he couldn't see. "I had other plans tonight. What I am supposed to do, Charlie? He's so freaking hot!"

He was hot. He was especially hot when he was naked. His soft lips felt amazing when they were wet and sliding over mine.

I licked my lips thinking about it again. "I haven't noticed."

She turned my body to face Jammer. I could tell she'd had too much to drink. "Look at him, Charlie. What is there not to like? He's damn near perfect."

I knew all of this already and being forced to look was painful. I needed time to forget.

"If I admit that he's hot, will you stop talking about it?"

"You.Are.No.Fun."

Jammer came over toward us. "She's had one too many. You should probably take her upstairs."

I'd tried to walk Elle up a flight of stairs at school and almost broke both of our necks. "I can't carry her."

He shrugged. "Why don't you pay the Karaoke guy and I will get her up to bed."

It was a terrible idea. "Good idea."

Elle stood up and walked sideways. "I can walk myself upstairs." She tripped on her heel and fell on the floor, laughing.

I rolled my eyes and watched him helping her up. She turned around and flashed me a thumbs up.

Okay, I needed a drink. I walked to the other side of the bar and poured a glass of vodka. The first glass burned but the next two didn't taste as bad. I slouched down on the floor and let the liquor run through my body. I wanted to forget about the past twenty-four hours. I needed to forget that Jammer had given me the hottest night of my life, because it was just a f**k.

An unforgettably amazing f**k.

Chapter 18

Jammer

The bar had the biggest crowd that I'd seen since I got back to town. Charlie's friend Elle really did have a great idea and she knew how to draw people in. Unfortunately, she was like all the girls I had to go to school with when I was younger. On the outside she seemed fun and always looked for a good time, but inside, she was stuck on herself no matter who she had to walk over or backstab to get it. How she and Charlie were friends was beyond me. They were polar opposites.

Charlie was acting weirder than usual and I had a feeling that it had to do with me. The girl really had gotten under my skin and I couldn't stop thinking about us having sex. In such a short time, I think I had her skin memorized. She had this sweet smell to her and it was smooth and perfect. I loved the way she fought to hold her own, even when everything was crumbling from underneath of her. I think that's what was attracting me. It was her inner strength. That was something that I'd never looked for in a woman, not that I ever really looked. For the most part, my life revolved around scoring. I lived for winning the game, finding a hot chick to bed, and moving on. I'd never stopped to let myself care about anything but myself.

Saving Charlie, and finding out that I was somehow connected in all of this mess, was forcing me to look at my life. Sure, Charlie didn't know I was the John she was looking for, but it still didn't change the fact that I was a quarter owner of a place that changed my life. Here I was, back at that special place, and my life was changing again.

I'd known her less than a week, but knew that I liked her. It was too bad she had a boyfriend, which was probably the reason she was acting so ridiculous. I wasn't here to mess up her relationship. If she wanted us to be friends, then I had to stand by that.

It wasn't until she walked upstairs to put the money in the safe, that everything changed for me. The baby monitor must have dropped on the floor when she bent over to grab the money bag. I picked it up and could see the little lights moving around. I shouldn't have, but I walked into the kitchen to listen. I just wanted to make sure someone hadn't followed her.

I swear I wasn't going to listen, but hearing the conversation for myself shocked me so much, I just had to listen.

"Do you love, Jammer?" Ryan's voice was loud and clear.

"No! Why would you think that?" Not that I expected her to answer yes, but she was really being defensive with her tone.

"Well, he keeps us safe like you keep me safe." I was trying my best at least.

"I keep you safe because you are my brother and I love you. Jammer is just helping us out. He doesn't have boyfriend/girlfriend feelings for me. He isn't my boyfriend. Jammer isn't the kind of guy to be tied down to one girl and especially a family." She made it sound like I was a loser. I hated hearing her say it like that. It was like she thought I was incapable of settling.

"But I like him. He's nice to me," It was because his father was such an important person to me. I felt like now that I knew that kid was out there, without his father, that Joker would want me to get to know Ryan. He was a cool kid.

"Yeah, I like him too, maybe even too much, but I have you and a business to run. It's too much for anyone to want to be a part of." It was a lot, but if it was all worth it, maybe someone would want to be a part of that life. I wasn't saying I wanted to swoop in after only a few days, but Charlie was so different and the circumstances bringing us together were too much of a coincidence. I felt like I actually wanted to pursue it, except she wanted the opposite.

"Are you mad at me for being your brother?"

"Of course not! Ryan, all that I had ever wanted is to have a real family. You gave me that. I could never be mad at you. I know sometimes I am hard to deal with, but it's just because I am struggling to be good at everything I do. Don't ever think it's your fault."

"I think you do a good job, Charlie. I'm glad you're my sister."

"I'm glad you're my brother. Now, get some sleep, kiddo."

When it got quiet again, I rushed into the front of the bar and left the monitor back on the floor where she'd dropped it. My heart was beating fast. I was so worried that she would find out I was listening to her private conversation with her brother. I already had enough lies I was keeping, so adding to the pot was not very cool.

Charlie didn't come back down for a while and her friend really took advantage of the situation. She climbed up on the bar and started dancing as someone was singing Karaoke to "Cherry Pie." She kept watching me and pointing to me.

I focused on the bar and not the girl. Sure, she was hot in all the right places. I knew she was probably a hell of a f**k, but even though my life revolved around the hustle and the sex, there was a part of me that got tired of it. It became more of part of the job, than something I enjoyed, until last night happened. Sleeping with Charlie was only because I wanted to sleep with her. I didn't do it for the hot meal, the shower, and the bed to sleep in. I did it because she drove me crazy in ways that made me want to know more about her.

When the song was over, Elle climbed down on my side of the bar. She tucked her hands into the waist of my pants and pulled me closer to her. I was tall enough to keep my face away from hers. She looked up and licked her lips. "I bet you're a real good time."

I put my hands on her waist and backed her up against the bar. "That's what I hear."

She smiled and grabbed one of my ass cheeks into her hands. I clenched my jaw, feeling more annoyed than turned on. I could smell the alcohol on her breath and I really disliked easy girls. Sure, I f**ked them, but I didn't like them at all, not as friends and not as lovers. Plus, most of them ended up not being that good in bed. Being with them was like acting out a bad p**n o. They were orchestrated and rehearsed. Nothing was natural about them.

"So, do you want to share that little bed of yours with me tonight?"

"Sure." You can have my bed and I will take the couch.

She looked all happy about me saying that, little did she know I wasn't going to do shit with her. Obviously Charlie hadn't talked to her friend like most girls did. This chick had no idea that I'd f**ked her friend last night. Wasn't there some kind of girl code about that?

"I better get to clearing out this crowd then." She pulled away from me while she giggled. I shook my head and got back to tending the bar.

As the crowd died down, I wondered if Charlie was ever going to come back downstairs, not that I needed her help closing the bar. It was a piece of cake. She'd already taken care of the kitchen. With no one to entertain, Elle made her way back to the bar. I was trying to get the rest of the glasses dried and put away, so I pretended to be interested in her conversation while I worked.

"So, it's almost closing time. Do you know what that means?"

I hung up another wine glass. "Nope, maybe you should refresh my memory."

"Let's do a shot! We totally need to do a shot together."

I poured a shot of vodka into two glasses and slid one across the bar. "What are we drinking to?"

She held up her glass towards mine. "To a night we will never forget!"

I clanked our glasses together and downed my shot. The liquor burned going down. I watched her squint her eyes and finish. "Okay, one more."

She'd already been drinking beer all night. If I gave her anymore liquor, she'd probably pass out. I poured another shot and filled up my glass too. "Last one."

She held her glass up again. "To Charlie and her bar."

I agreed and downed my shot again before passing her a new beer. My plan was to get her to go to sleep before she could take off her clothes.

She took a big swig of her beer and sat it down on the counter. "So, have you met Zach yet?"

"Is he the boyfriend?" I don't think she'd said his name before.

She started laughing. "Is that what she called him?"

What did that mean? I opened my mouth to ask and saw Charlie coming in our direction.

She approached Elle from the opposite side and, although giving me a quick glance, turned all of her attention back to her friend. She was laughing and keeping her conversations at a tone where I couldn't hear them. They were completely talking about me. I could tell from the look on Charlie's face that I wasn't her choice of conversation.

I leaned over the bar. "She's had one too many. You should probably take her upstairs."

Charlie looked at me like I had a third eye. "I can't carry her."

Of course, she had to put this on me. "Why don't you pay the Karaoke guy and I will get her up to bed." I saw Elle start smiling when I said bed. The bitch didn't have a clue.

"Good idea." Not the reaction I was hoping for. I guess she really did want to forget.

Elle stood up and walked sideways. "I can walk myself upstairs." When she tripped I began to laugh, until she put her weight on me, and walked up the steps.

When we got into the apartment, I told her she had to be quiet and not wake up the kid. It didn't stop her from laughing at everything I said. We hung out in the kitchen until she got too loud and I was afraid Ryan would come walking out of his room.

She pulled me back to my bedroom and shut the door behind me. I crossed my arms as she walked over to my bed and climbed on top of it. She motioned with her finger for me to join her, but I stood where I was.

Elle giggled and pulled off her top. Her tits weren't bad, but nice tits weren't hard to come by. They didn't compare to her friends, which were still too fresh in my mind to forget about.

"Get over here and help me take off my pants." Her words were slurred and she was getting all sloppy.

"How about you take your own pants off and I will go grab us some more beers?" I wasn't very experienced with walking away from pu**y, but I was also not the type of guy to sleep with two friends just because I could. I'd made plenty dick moves in my life and this was still not okay.

"Hurry up. I can't wait to see what's hiding underneath those jeans."

I walked backwards until I got to my door and then I shut it behind me. When I got to Charlie's bedroom door, I couldn't remember if it had been open or closed. It was closed now and I was afraid that there might be a pissed off Charlie on the other side. Since I'd taken a few shots through the night with customers and then the last two with Elle, the last thing I wanted to do was go to sleep. My stick was in Charlie's room, but I knew I didn't need it to shoot around, so I headed downstairs to a very dark bar.

It was so quiet down there. I walked right into the billiards lounge and turned on the lights. It took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust, but I walked back to my corner table and started racking the balls up.

I found a halfway decent house stick and broke the balls. It felt so good to be shooting on this table again. Of all the places I had ever shot pool, this had to be my favorite table. Shooting pool wasn't just a hobby for me. It was my whole life. I loved doing it and the fact that I made money didn't hurt that love. Pool had taken me places and kept me focused. I stayed away from drugs and parties just to focus on my skill. All of the countless hours of practicing had become well worth it. While my friends needed to take trips to rehab, or were even in jail, I was still out playing the game.

I shot a few more racks before I decided to get something to drink. I didn't want a beer, but a nice glass of bourbon. Joker had told me once that it was his liquor of choice before he got clean. I only drank bourbon when something was weighing on my chest. It helped me relax enough to slow down and make a good decision. Maybe that sounded juvenile, but it did the trick for me.

The bar part of the tavern was still dark, but I knew my way around enough to not have to turn on a light. As I made it to the back, I tripped over something and went falling forward on the floor.

I heard her yell, before I realized it was Charlie. "What the hell?"

I got myself to a sitting position on the floor and tried to focus in the dim light. "Charlie? What are you doing down here?"

"I could ask you the same thing." She held up a bottle of Jack Daniels. "Isn't it obvious what I'm doing? Can't you see that I'm drinking away all of my f**kups." She was talking like she'd been drinking ever since I saw her last. I wanted to laugh, because I couldn't for the life of me picture her intoxicated, but here she was.

"I came down to shoot pool and clear my head. It's just something that I do." I grabbed the bottle out of her hand and drank from it. "I was looking for this when I tripped over you."

She was leaning against the back wall, so I slid in beside her and leaned back too.

"Did you and Elle have a good time?"

I started laughing, because it was very obvious that me and Elle bothered her. "What do you think?"

She grabbed the bottle out of my hand, no; she jerked it out of my hand. "Ugh, I don't want to know. If it's anything like she envisioned, it was epic."

I laughed again and grabbed the bottle back. Without asking, I found Charlie's hand and pulled her up. I could see her face more clearly with the billiards lights shining through. "Come shoot a game with me."

She whined and tried to stop me from pulling her. "I don't want to play with you."

"Come on, Charlie. It's just one game." I pulled her even closer to the billiards lounge. "One game."

She rolled her eyes as I led her back to my favorite table. I grabbed the balls and got them set in the rack, then handed her the stick. "I can't break."

"Yes you can. Bend over and put your ass into it." Just mentioning her ass made me think of it.

I took another hit of the bottle and knew I was getting drunk. Nothing bad could happen though. I was locked inside of a building with someone that I trusted, who didn't want anything to do with me sexually. Nothing bad could happen.

Chapter 19

Charlie

I didn't know it was Jammer that came downstairs until I heard the pool balls breaking. Then, I wasn't sure if he was alone. Far be it from me to interrupt his good time with Elle. Obviously, he'd taken my advice and not had sex with her upstairs, if she was, in fact, back there with him.

I kept my jealous sobs to a minimum as I hid behind the bar drinking the bottle of Jack. This was my own fault for sleeping with someone I shouldn't have. I knew the whole time what kind of guy Jammer was. I knew that he could walk away and never talk to me again and I went through with it anyway.

It wasn't until he literally came and tripped over me, that I realized he was alone. I wanted nothing more than to know where my friend was, but the second I knew we were alone, I didn't know how to react. His cologne caught my nostrils and all I could think about were his tattoos and his naked chest.

After I screamed, "What the hell?" I sat back up and tried to focus on Jammer.

He crawled over and sat next to me. "Charlie, what are you doing down here?"

"I could ask you the same thing." I had a bottle of Jack in my hand and I knew he could most likely smell it on me.

"Isn't it obvious what I'm doing? Can't you see that I'm drinking away all of my f**kups."

"I came down to shoot pool and clear my head. It's just something that I do." He grabbed the bottle right out of my hand and drank from it. "I was looking for this when I tripped over you."

He got comfortable beside me and drank some more. I couldn't help myself. I had to know. "Did you and Elle have a good time?"

He laughed at my comment, which made me think he had. I wanted to cry. "What do you think?"

I grabbed that damn bottle right back out of his perverted hands. "Ugh, I don't want to know. If it's anything like she envisioned, it was epic."

He laughed at me again and grabbed back the bottle. I was shocked when he took my hand into his and pulled me up. "Come shoot a game with me."

I tried to stand still so he couldn't pull me toward the billiards area. "I don't want to play with you." Not in the way he thought anyway.

"Come on, Charlie, it's just one game. One game."

When he handed me a stick I liked to have passed out. I was feeling dizzy and there was no way I could successfully hit my cue ball into the rack of balls without looking ridiculous. "I can't break."

"Yes you can. Bend over and put your ass into it." Oh God, he just told me to bend over.

He was so sexy, standing there with that bottle that was making me feel so good, but not as good as he made me feel last night. I wanted to feel that way again, but he'd gone and slept with my friend.

I bent over and stuck out my ass as I tried to maneuver how I was supposed to hold the stick. He took another drink of the Jack before laughing and walking over toward me. His hands were gentle as they came up behind me. He took the tip of the stick and placed it in between my fingers, then put both of his hands over mine. I could feel his hard chest against my back and I tried to focus on that little white ball, but all I was really thinking about was the tingling that was starting between my legs.

"Just shoot nice and straight. Don't worry about knocking them all around." His voice vibrated into my hair and I closed my eyes before taking the last stroke and shoving the stick forward to make contact with the cue ball. The balls scattered around the bottom of the table, but Jammer didn't move away from me. Even when I stood up straight, he stood there with his body close to mine for a second. When he grabbed the stick out of my hands and started walking around the table, my little moment was over.

I watched him walking around and eyeing up the shots he wanted to take. He was so skilled and could make ridiculous shots from anywhere on the table.

I walked over and picked up the bottle of Jack to take another swig.

He was still stroking his stick, but talked as he focused on his shot. "You keep drinking from that bottle and I will have to carry you up to bed."

"Well, I wouldn't want you doing that after you already had fun with my friend upstairs." It would probably make him mad, because it was none of my business, but, hey, alcohol makes you tell the truth and when I drank, I did a lot of truth telling.

He made his shot and walked around to take the next one. "Yeah, I guess you're right. I mean, she was really doing her best to show you up. It was almost like you told her all about what we did last night. She kept asking if she was better the whole damn time."

My mouth dropped open and I swear I was fighting back the tears. Except, I hadn't told Elle about me and Jammer, so there was no way she could have known. "I didn't tell her anything."

He made another shot and walked over until he was face to face with me. "Why didn't you tell her, Charlie? Was it because of Zach?"

Wait, how did he know about Zach? Did Elle tell him about our benefits arrangement? "It has nothing to do with Zach. Once she laid eyes on you, I knew you'd forget all about last night. Elle's a pretty girl and she likes to have a good time. She's right up your alley."

He smiled and leaned against the stick. "What are we playing for, Charlie?"

Was he really not going to talk about him and Elle? Did she even know he was down here hanging out with me? "I'm not wagering anything with you. You know I don't know how to play."

"For every shot you make, I have to do whatever you want. For every ten balls I make, you have to do one thing for me. I think that's a pretty fair spot. So, what do you say? You up for the challenge?"

At this point, I didn't really care. The room was spinning and I was spending time with Jammer, which I was really enjoying. I didn't want to admit it, since he'd just been with my friend. I should hate him but, for some reason, I just couldn't. There was something about Jammer that made me want to be his friend, even if that's all we ever were again. Since he was with Elle, there was no way in hell I would ever have sex with him again. I mean, that's just nasty to me. I don't share guys like that.

"Fine, I will play you, but nothing mean or harmful."

He smiled with those perfect white teeth of his. "It's your shot. Take your time. Bend down and keep your legs spread apart." He got behind me again and aimed up the shot while I held the stick. I loved the way he smelled. "Focus on the ball and the angle it needs to go to make the shot. Stroke your stick until you know you're comfortable and then make the ball."

He made it sound so easy. I took a couple breaths and tried to focus on the blurry looking ball. I giggled, but calmed myself to take the shot. The ball went into the pocket and I threw my stick in the air to celebrate. "Yes! I made it!"

He leaned his hands on the table. "Congratulations, now what would you like me to do?"

"Is this like truth or dare?"

He shrugged. "I guess it can be."

I leaned over the table to face him. "Truth or dare?"

He shook his head and sighed. "Since I am confidant you will be making more shots, I pick truth."

There was only one question that my drunk ass wanted to know. "Was she better than me?"

He laughed, like he knew what I was going to ask. "Seriously, that's your question?"

I put my hands on my hips. "I don't care if you hurt my feelings, but I want to know. Just say it. You picked this game."

"You picked it and the answer is that I really don't know."

"What kind of answer is that? Was I that forgettable that you couldn't remember what we did last night? Oh, my God, "I am aren't I?"

I was embarrassed. Nobody had ever said I was good, but they never said I was bad. What if I was horrible.

He was laughing at me again. "Charlie, I don't know because I didn't sleep with Elle. In fact, I didn't even touch her that way and, if you really want to know, I couldn't believe that you didn't just tell her we were together. Do you really think I was the kind of guy to just sleep with your friend under your roof, a day after we were together?"

I shook my head. I was a little confused. "Wait. Did you just say that you didn't sleep with Elle?"

"It wasn't for her lack of trying. We got upstairs and she started undressing. I told her I was going to get us some beers and came down here, but as you can see, I had no intentions of going back up there."

"But, she's so pretty and she likes you."

He took a few steps toward me and pointed to my next shot on the table. "Take your shot, Charlie."

This was kind of like the question game I played with him last night. I bent over and concentrated. This time he didn't lean over me, but I made the shot anyway. "Truth or dare?"

"Truth."

"Why did you sleep with me?"

He leaned into my hair. "Because I wanted to," he whispered. He brushed his hand across my cheek. "Because I think you are so sexy when you fight with me and play hard to get. So, why did you sleep with me?"

I started to answer, but poked my finger into his chest. "Hey, it's still my turn. You don't get to ask questions." I think my heart was pattering so fast after hearing that he hadn't slept with Elle. This was my chance to actually tell him that I liked him. I didn't want another day of stepping on eggshells around him. I was drunk enough to take the rejection when it came, but I at least had to clear my conscience. Jammer moved out of the way so I could take my shot. "Shit!" I missed completely.

He grabbed the stick and winked at me as he leaned over and shot one handed. One ball went in, then two, then five all the way until he hit the eight ball in. "That's eight. Two more and I get to take a turn."

I rolled my eyes and racked the balls up for him to break. Of course, he broke and made three balls. He sat the stick down on the next table and grabbed me by my shirt. I could hardly keep my body from swaying. He was leaning on the table and had pulled me between his legs. "Truth or dare, Charlie?" He traced his fingers around my forearms.

"Dare." I bit down on my lip and waited for him to ask me to do something crazy.

"I dare you to kiss me, like you did last night."

A smile formed across my face even though his was dead serious. "That's your dare?"

"It's that or you can take off all of your clothes and get up on that pool table on your knees all bent over for me."

My eyes got really big until he started to laugh and shake his head. "You should see your face right now."

I smacked his chest. "Well, that is what I pictured you asking me."

"So choose then. Do you want to be face down ass up, or give me that little thing that I really enjoy?"

He put his face close to mine and I could feel his breath when he talked. I think he just said he enjoyed kissing me. Was this really happening, or was I drunk and passed out somewhere having the equivalent of a wet dream?

"It's a hard decision. Both seem equally repulsive," I joked. "I guess I will go for the kiss, because I'm just too drunk to take off my own clothes."

His hand went into my hair and he pulled my face into his. I think my eyes closed even before we made contact. His lips were exactly as I remember them and as soon as I felt his tongue mingling with mine, I lost all sense of self control. My hands went up his shirt, until he pulled it the rest of the way off. Jammer spun me around and sat me up on the table. I pulled away and looked right at him. "Zach isn't my boyfriend. I don't even have one."

A half smile formed in the corner of his lip, right before his mouth found mine again.

Chapter 20

Jammer

I don't know what it was about Charlie that had me in such frenzy, but I couldn't get enough of this girl. I'd spent the last twenty four hours trying to figure out how to forget about her and in a few short moments I was back to having these overwhelming feelings like I needed to touch her and do a lot more than that. Maybe it was because she was so broken or that she was such a challenge for me. It didn't even matter; I wanted Charlie and I was about to have her again.

So, it could have been the alcohol that gave us that extra push, but as I continue to press my lips over Charlie's, it was exactly what I needed.

I'd lifted her up on the pool table and slowly her legs wrapped around my waist. She'd removed my shirt and having her warm hands touching my skin was making my dick even harder. Charlie's kisses were desperate and as they intensified, I was no longer wondering if this was going to be another mistake. From my perspective, she wanted this just as much as I did.

My fingers traced the line to the bottom of her shirt, while her magic tongue played with mine.

I pulled away and put my forehead against hers. "This has to come off." She removed her hands from my back and raised them in the air, to allow me to pull her shirt over her head. Her little pink bra was the only thing standing between me and those supple tits. Charlie leaned back and unhooked the bra herself, while intently looking me right in the eye. I felt like a damn little kid, reaching up and cupping them in my hands, like it was the first time I'd ever touched a tit.

Charlie had the best kind of body. She had curves, but was a small girl. Her tits were huge for her proportion and she had an ass that I just wanted to bend over every time I saw it. I let my hands slide from her tits to her tiny waist. I loved the way her smooth skin felt when my hands brushed over it.

I grabbed one of her legs and pulled it up to sit on my shoulder, as my hands traced from her foot and then all the way up her thigh. Her mouth was open just enough for me to need to kiss it. I left her leg on my shoulder and leaned in until I found her lips. She was so flexible and it let me know just how I wanted to f**k her.

I pulled away from her sweet lips and slid my wet lips over hers one more time before backing away. She was laying back on the pool table and the shorts she had changed into had to go. I needed her naked and I wanted it to happen immediately.

While grabbing both of her legs and moving them to either side of me, I unbuttoned her fancy little shorts and tugged them off of her. She must have removed her shoes behind the bar, since she wasn't wearing any.

I don't know why, but since I hadn't been able to see very well last night, it was different seeing Charlie lit up under the pool table light. I pictured her wearing plain white bikini underwear, but the little yellow lace thong was a big welcomed surprise. She held her arms out hoping for me to kiss her again, but I stayed standing over her, taking in her body like it was a buried treasure. I traced my fingertip around her navel and along her panty line. I could tell she was ticklish from the way she moved as my fingers made contact with certain parts of her skin.

I caught her gazing at me, with those needy eyes. "I want to taste you, Charlie." I kissed her inner thigh, working my way in between her legs. She leaned up on her elbows to watch my every move.

My tongue ran over her lace panties causing her to shiver as I made first contact. I started low and licked my way over her panties again, getting the outside just as wet as I knew the inside was. The more I licked on that lace, the more the fabric was pushing in between her pu**y lips. I was starting to be able to taste her through the fabric and that mixed with the sight of her sprawled out on the pool table was enough for me to want to come in my pants. I took one of my hands and slid the lace to the side, so I was able to slide my tongue across her smooth pu**y. Her skin was warm and her musky taste left me unable to stop licking her. When my tongue reached her tiny little clit, she jerked back, moaning loudly. I wrapped my arms around both of her legs and threw them over my shoulders, before going back to my task at hand. The more I licked at her clit, the more she reacted.

The strange thing was that I didn't do this. Sure, it was an ass**le move, because I slept with lots of chicks, but this was more personal and I'd never had the desire to do it with any of them. However, Charlie was obviously in a different category than them. I couldn't get enough of her and had thought about her constantly since we'd first met. Tasting her and feeling her hot sex against my mouth reminded me of that. I didn't know what was happening to me, but this was just reiterating the fact that this girl did things to me that no other women had been able to do. She made me care about something other than myself.

I hardened my tongue and flicked her little clit over and over again. Each time my tongue reached the top, her body would jerk against my face. I got off on just knowing I was making her feel the way she was. Charlie was so turned on that my chin was wet with her eagerness. The more I licked her, the more I imagined sliding right inside of that wet pu**y.

I pulled away from her and removed her panties from her body. Now that I no longer had to push them to the side, I could focus completely on making her come. I traced my fingers over her wet pu**y, sliding the wetness up and down those little lips. The wetter they got, the more I wanted to lick them. It was like I was craving the taste of her pu**y. I leaned in and licked up her lips before sliding two fingers around her entrance. She gasped as they punctured through and slid deep inside of her. My fingers were immediately lubricated and I tugged them all out, before shoving them back in. "Please, don't stop," she cried.

"Does it feel good, baby?"

She moaned again and tried her hardest to keep her eyes open long enough to watch my fingers sliding back inside of her again. "Mmm," she licked her lips and watched me again. This time I stuck out my tongue and teased her clit once more. When she began to buck her body, I licked it again, this time flicking it hard with my tongue, while I pushed my fingers deeper inside of her. I could feel that little pu**y tightening around my fingers, so I kept pushing them in and out, while I teased her clit. "Oh...I'm coming, oh it feels so good. Please don't you dare stop. Please don't..." She bucked her ass off of the felt and cried out again.

When she finally relaxed, I removed my fingers. Charlie leaned in and grabbed me by the wrist. She looked right into my eyes as she licked my finger and then began sucking it between her lips. It was so f**king sexy and I couldn't stop watching her. I needed to be inside of that swollen pu**y before I nutted right in my damn pants. I removed my finger and tugged her by her legs, so that her ass was half hanging off the table. I used both hands to get my pants down and thrusted my hard dick right inside of her. God, she felt so f**king amazing. I moved slow at first, but as I picked up the pace, I grabbed her legs and put them on either shoulder. My hands played with each of her ni**les and the more I watched myself tracing those perfect tips, the closer I got to release.

I thrusted deeper with each movement and each time little moans escaped her. "I'm close, Charlie. I'm so close."

"Fuck me harder. Pleeaassee."

She slid her hands underneath of mine and started playing with her own tits, pulling at her ni**les while she watched me f**king her. I had to close my eyes so many times to keep it lasting longer. She was so f**king sexy; so naturally perfect that I couldn't get enough. I could feel my release coming and as I filled her, we both cried out again. Charlie's legs fell down to my sides and I leaned in to kiss her sweet lips again. Her tongue met mine and at the same time I think the reality of what we'd just done set in.

She sat up, forcing me to stand. I was still inside of her and I knew exactly what those freaked out eyes were for. "Charlie, I...Oh God, I'm so sorry." I pulled out of her and reached down to grab my shirt and stick it between her legs. The reminder of what I'd done was already starting to leak out. She put her hands over her face and said nothing.

I kissed the top of her head and held my mouth there. "Charlie, I swear to God that I have never done that before. I'm always so safe. I...I don't know what happened. I'm clean, I swear. I got tested like three months ago, just to be sure."

I started pacing around the table while still naked. My hands went into my hair. "Fuck!"

I felt her hands reach around my waist and realized she was no longer lying on the table. Her naked chest and her face were pressed against my back. I intertwined my fingers into hers at my waist. "We both got carried away, Jammer. It's not just your fault."

I turned around and cupped my hands over her face. "Charlie, you're just so different. I can't get you out of my head. I can't get enough of you."

She smiled and looked surprised. "Jammer, I know you aren't staying. You don't have to explain yourself."

Was she right? Could I just walk away and move on from something that felt so damn right? "Tell me to stay."

She traced the tattoo on my arm. "You don't want that. I can't ask that."

I looked right into those beautiful eyes of hers. "Tell me to stay, Charlie."

"Is that what you really want? You want to live on top of a bar with a f**ked up mood swinging girlfriend and a kid that isn't your responsibility? This isn't you."

"It's more of a home than you know. Look, I'm not talking about forever, but for right now, I can't walk away. Tell me, Charlie." I pressed my lips lightly against hers, preparing myself for yet another moment of rejection.

"Okay, are you sure this isn't the alcohol?"

I kissed her again, this time leaving my lips against hers. "This has nothing to do with a bottle of Jack, Charlie. You're so different; so f**king awesome. Try this with me. We won't make promises or have false hopes, we'll just be ourselves and see what happens."

She ran her tongue over my bottom lip and then her own lip while she thought. "Stay with me."

I was so happy; so overwhelmingly pleased that she was going to give me a chance to see what this was between us.

The only problem now was telling her the truth about who I was and finding out why my father was trying to sabotage her life. That in itself was enough betrayal to be the ultimate deal breaker and knowing that was what was keeping me from telling her. As of right now, she thought my name was Jammer Thompson. I needed to keep it that way until I figured out a way to tell her without losing her. For the first time, I was realizing that I might be having feelings for a woman and with that meant that losing the opportunity to explore things with her was more important than telling her the truth and losing the chance.

Chapter 21

Charlie

Okay, so not only had I slept with Jammer, but this time we didn't use protection. The responsible Charlie had left the building and was replaced with a careless one.

Aside from that huge mistake, Jammer had admitted to wanting me. When he asked me if I wanted to try to really be with him, I didn't know what to say. I mean, of course I wanted to try, but Jammer wasn't exactly a relationship type of guy. Still, I had nothing left to lose, so any time spent with him would make me happy, even if it were only temporary.

After our heated encounter on the pool table, Jammer and I headed upstairs.

We got to the door, before he turned me around and pushed me against it. His lips pressed against the base of my neck. "Charlie."

I bit down on my lip. "Yeah."

"Elle is asleep in my room. Let me sleep with you tonight?"

I liked how he asked me for permission, even when he knew how I would answer. "Yes..."

He grabbed my ass and held it in with his hand. "You're so f**king sexy. I need you naked."

I opened the door and led him right into my room. Once inside, I started ripping my clothes back off. Jammer was already shirtless and his belt hung loosely in his pants. As I unbuttoned them they fell to the floor. He was already hard again and as soon as it was free, it pressed against my skin. "Let's get a shower."

He reached for my hand and followed me into my bathroom. While the water was getting warm, he leaned me against the sink and slid his fingers deep inside of my pu**y. I put my ass up on the sink and spread my legs open for him. He leaned into kiss me as he kept forcing his fingers in and out of me. "Don't you come, Charlie. Not yet!"

I wanted too though. I wanted to scream out his name and let the sensations overwhelm me like before. He removed his fingers and wiped them off on my inner thigh.

I followed him into the hot shower and felt his arms wrapping around me again. The water felt so good beating down over us. I was tired and the alcohol was starting to give me a headache. Jammer grabbed the bottle of shampoo and poured some over my head, before using his fingers to work it into my hair. I closed my eyes and relaxed while he did, being that it felt so good. What he was doing was so intimate to me, this wasn't someone that just wanted to bang, and this was someone who was taking care of me. I'd never had that before and although it was amazing, it also scared the shit out of me. For the longest time, it had been me against the world. Now, there was this guy that had come out of nowhere that I was crazy about. It was just days ago that I wanted to hate him. Without any more thought, I looked up into Jammer's eyes. "Why are you doing this?"

He started rinsing my hair. "What? Washing your hair?"

I shook my head and wiped the water from my eyes. "No, why are you doing this with me? How am I different from any other girl you've been with? I just don't understand. Where did you even come from?"

He smiled and seemed to be thinking about his answer. "I came back to town to see an old friend who helped me when nobody else would. Let's just say that I never found my friend, but I found something else even better. I found you, Charlie. I don't have a damn reason why I want you, I just know I do." He cupped my face into his hands and pressed his lips softly into mine. "I like you, Charlie. I like when you get mad at me and have little temper tantrums. I like when you try to push me away, even when that isn't what you really want. I like the way you look when you wake up in the morning, after not getting much sleep. Can't I just want to know you without having a direct reason? So what if I met you by chance? I don't give a shit how I met you. Now that we're here, I want to know everything about you. Forgive me if I seem a little excited about it. I haven't given two shits about someone other than myself my whole life. I haven't even been here for a week and I already care what happens to you and that kid."

I put my fingers over his mouth. "Okay, you can stop now. You're actually starting to freak me out a little. I mean, I know we are jumping into things and neither of us has any knowledge of what a real relationship is like, but I like you too...a lot actually. I suppose that if you're going to be here helping me anyway, we may as well see where this goes. You have to admit, we are doing things ass backwards, though."

He started laughing and kissed my forehead. "Yeah, but it's working so far."

I kissed his lips and pulled away, looking at his wet tattooed chest. When I saw all of the Baltimore landmarks on his arm, I knew what question I wanted to know next. "So, how far do your parents live from here?"

He took a deep breath. "I guess like thirty minutes. Why do you want to know that?"

While rubbing soap all over his abs and chest, I looked up at him. "I guess I figured you'd want to visit. How long has it been since you've seen them?"

I could tell he did not want to be naked in the shower, talking about his parents. "I'm going to see them soon, Charlie. Now, turn your fine ass around, so I can wash your back."

Just like that he changed the subject. I didn't know the story behind his family issues and after the alcohol and the hot sex, it wasn't the appropriate time to discuss it. Whether it was or wasn't the biggest risk of my life was yet to be determined. For now, he was the one thing that made me feel alive and I wasn't going to do anything to make him want to leave.

For the next twenty or so minutes, we washed our bodies and made out. His kisses made me weak in the knees and almost always lead to sex.

When I got out of the shower, there was only one place I wanted to be. My bed!

I climbed out and handed Jammer a towel, while I wrapped one around myself. I walked out into my bedroom first to a very sad Elle walking in my room. I looked behind me and Jammer hadn't come out of the bathroom. I wasn't sure how I was going to explain this to her. She'd tried to sleep with him hours ago and now he was naked in my room.

"Charlie, I didn't know you weren't dressed. I guess you don't know where Jammer went."

I just stood there, with my back to the bathroom door. Thankfully, before I could come up with something to say, she started talking again.

"I don't get it. I was having fun and we took some shots. I totally thought we were going to hook up. I mean, I took my shirt off and I was clearly in his room. Then all of the sudden he says he was going to get us beers. I must have fallen asleep, because when I woke up he was gone and I still had all my clothes below the waist on."

"I..." Speechless, that's what I was. Sure, she had a boyfriend at home and a slew of guys at her beck and call. She didn't need Jammer, but since I'd lied about liking him myself, it wasn't as easy to be honest.

A deep voice from behind me stopped me from talking. "I think I can explain."

Elle looked from me then back to Jammer. It didn't take a genius to know that we'd just showered together. "Oh my God." She stood up and started walking out of the room.

I ran after her, grabbing her hand just before she reached the door. "I know what you're thinking, but you're wrong. I should have told you when you got here that we were together, but I was just too scared. I didn't want anyone to know. Honestly, I thought it was just a one-time thing, but when you and Jammer went upstairs together, I got so jealous and realized it was more." I stopped there, noticing that what I was saying was making Jammer smile.

"Elle, I didn't sleep with you because I'd already been with Charlie and in all honesty, I wanted to be with her again. She and I are...well, we're trying to figure things out. I apologize for leading you on."

She pointed at me and then Jammer. "So you two are like...a couple?"

I couldn't help smile. Just hearing someone say that out loud was nice. I turned and glanced at Jammer, who winked back at me. "Yeah, Charlie and I are figuring that out."

She repeated herself. "You and him?"

Okay, was it that hard to believe that I could get the hot guy? I mean, I wasn't ugly. I was just attitude challenged. I felt his hands on my shoulders and then his chest pressed against my back. He lips rubbed against my ear. "Get rid of your friend so I can f**k you again, Charlie. My dick is throbbing, just knowing you're naked underneath that towel."

He thought his dick was throbbing. My pu**y was on fire just hearing him whispering in my ear. He could have told me that my breath smelled like dog shit and I would have been turned on. The way he got me all hot was unreal. I needed to keep a rag between my legs if I wanted to be in public with this guy.

Elle was still waiting for me to reply and before I turned around and pounced on this guy, I needed her to vacate my room. "Elle, please don't be mad at me."

"You little slut," She joked. "I'm not mad. I am so proud of you. Don't let me get in the way of your little f**kathon. I'll see you both in the morning."

Oh thank God!

She walked out of the room and Jammer smacked me hard on the ass. "Drop the towel."

I dropped the towel and climbed on all fours on my bed, leaving my ass stuck right up in the air. He followed behind me, quicker than I expected. His hands rubbed up and down both of my ass cheeks. "Is this what you wanted?"

He leaned over and cupped my breast into one of his hands, before pulling away completely. His body sprung off the bed and I turned around to see what was happening. "What?"

"Jesus, Charlie. We almost did it again. We almost started f**king with no protection." He ran his hands through his still wet hair. "What the f**k is wrong with me. I have never once forgot to wear one and two times tonight it's slipped my mind."

I sat down on the edge of the bed and couldn't help but giggle. "You really never forgot before?"

"No!" He knelt down in front of me, still fully erect. "I swear, I have never not used protection. Obviously, I've never been this attracted to someone before."

I laid back on my bed and laughed more. "We suck at this!"

"It's a terrible sign when our first night together I'm left with blue balls," he teased.

I leaned up on my elbow. "They don't really turn blue," I teased, while dragging the back of my hand between his legs.

"You're making it worse."

I leaned down and kissed his nipple. "I know a way, I can make it better."

While kissing my way down between his legs, I knew exactly what to do. I was no good at being a girlfriend, but I knew how to please a man. If all I ever did was please Jammer, at least he could walk away and know I was good at something.

"Oh shit, Charlie." My lips surrounded his hard c**k and slowly slid down his girth.

I didn't know how long he'd be able to stand my attitude and the fact that I was raising a child. It made me feel sad. I hadn't pictured being in a relationship. In fact, I'd given up on hoping for one. Then, out of nowhere this guy shows up and here we were, trying to figure out why each of us were so crazy about each other.

Maybe it was finally a reward for the shitty life I was handed. Maybe someone in heaven was looking out for me, feeling sorry for me. Whatever the case, I felt happier than I could ever remember feeling. I loved my little brother. I had great friends, a roof over my head and now a super sexy boyfriend, whom I was in the middle of pleasing.

This was my happy, though possibly temporary, it was still f**king awesome.

Chapter 22

Jammer

For the next few weeks Charlie and I spent most of our time together. Unfortunately, it made all of my secrets weigh heavy on me. The more I was around her, the more I wanted to make this relationship thing work. Even the kid was growing on me and I saw so much of his dad in him.

The bar was closed on Sundays and Mondays, so after spending all of Sunday hanging out around the apartment, I knew I needed to arrange a meeting with my mother. At the least, I needed to know what my father was up to.

I rolled over and felt the naked skin of my sexy ass girlfriend. It was still weird saying that word, but it's exactly what she was to me. Her skin was smooth and warm from being under the covers. Since she was on her back, I found one of her br**sts easily. I tugged down the covers so I could watch myself playing with her little nipple. She moaned in her sleep and tried to adjust, but I kept massaging her breast in my hand until the nipple was rock hard. I could feel the growing urge under the covers as I leaned down and took her nipple into my mouth. I loved the way it felt against my tongue.

I heard Charlie moan again, but this time one of her hands slide into my hair. I looked up at her and saw her opening her eyes.

Sure, she was still tired from staying up late to get a shower with me, but her body was wide awake already. I slid the other hand down between her legs and started rubbing her little clit. Her hips moved with my rhythm and she didn't have to tell me to keep going, because I already knew where I wanted to be.

I licked Charlie's nipple again and blew cool air over it.

The more my finger rubbed her nipple, the faster her hips were moving to keep up. Just knowing that her sweet pu**y was down there getting all hot for me was enough for me to slide down under the cover and position myself right between her legs.

I could still smell the body wash from where I had washed every inch of her just hours before.

I licked up her thighs before running my whole hand up and down her pu**y lips. She used one of her legs to kick the covers down so she could watch me.

I loved looking up at her and seeing her face react to the touch of my tongue. My fingers pinched her little lips together and I licked from the bottom to the top. When I reached her clit, I pushed harder, using my tongue to get that extra reaction from her. As I repeated the process, I let my tongue slip in between her folds, getting my first real taste of her sweet sex. My thumb was steady rubbing her little clit, while I continued to kiss every inch of her pu**y.

The more I licked, the more my dick was throbbing to be inside of her. When she finally started to tighten up, I knew she was coming. I crawled up and kissed all over her neck as I teased her entrance with my hard cock. She was still trembling as it brushed over her swelled bud, but I kept doing it to see her reaction. As my dick slid inside for the first time, I stilled myself for a second, because it felt so good, I was already feeling like I could explode. She was so tight and the pressure of entering her was always the most difficult.

For the past month we'd been through so many boxes of condoms, that we started using the pull out method. Yeah, it sucked ass for me, because after feeling what it was like to ride her bareback and fill her, it was the last thing I liked to do. Still, neither of us were in a position to be responsible for yet another child, so I really tried to be careful.

Charlie had started on the pill and we were almost to the point where we were safe from getting pregnant. Our pace matched as I continued to thrust my c**k into her wet pu**y. Charlie dug her nails into my ass, so I pumped her harder. I watched her closing her eyes and smiling. She was all against kissing without brushing her teeth, but I couldn't come without feeling her tongue touching mine. I leaned down and violated her lips until her warm tongue brushed over mine. The pressure began to build up and just at the right moment I pulled out.

My hot release shot all over her stomach and br**sts. I thought she'd be pissed but she started laughing. "Looks like you're going to have to wash me off again."

"I will never complain about that job." I kissed her one more time before pulling her into the bathroom with me.

Later, while Charlie was out dealing with Ryan, I decided to take the first step in contacting my parents. I'd no sooner dialed my parent's business line, when I heard Charlie on the phone in the kitchen. She was crying, so I hung up from my call before anyone could answer. I rushed to her side, pulled her into the bedroom and sat down on the bed next to her until she hung up. "What's the matter?"

She tossed her phone on the bed and looked up at me with tear filled eyes. "Not only have they still not been able to find the John guy, but I just found out that there is a fifty thousand dollar lien that's been put on the property. It seems that my father failed to pay a loan he took out years ago. Apparently, the loan expired and now the loaning company is wanting the payment in full. I have thirty days to come up with the cash or I might lose everything. What the hell am I going to do Jammer? I don't have that kind of money. I have no job experience and a little kid to support."

I felt sick knowing that the loan shark was my f**king father. I was going to have to tell Charlie the truth. There was no way around this any longer. "We'll figure something out. Look, I know the timing is terrible, but I might know someone that can help us. Will you be okay for a couple hours?"

"Jammer, you don't have to help me. This is my problem, not yours."

I grabbed her hand and kissed it. "You must think I'm a real ass**le."

She looked confused. "What are you talking about?"

"Charlie, I'm not going to want to stop being a part of your life just because things go wrong. These past few weeks have been fanfuckingtastic. Let me help you."

"How are you going to help me? I mean, it isn't like you have a job besides helping me out. Just face it, I'm going to lose the tavern." She buried her hands into her face again and started back up with her sobs.

I had to fix this. "I don't expect you to trust me yet, but I need you to give me a few hours, Charlie. I will explain everything when I get back, I promise."

I kissed her head and walked out of the room. I felt like shit for leaving her to cry all alone, but this couldn't wait any longer. I'd prolonged the inevitable for too long and now the ground was falling apart underneath of us. I'd already run from my father once, I wasn't going to let him f**k with my life again.

The drive to my parents wasn't long enough to wrap my mind around what I wanted to say. If my father's schedule was anything like it was six years ago, he would already be out running doing business stuff. I pulled my car outside the gates of their private driveway and walked up to the voice box. I pressed the glowing button and waited to hear my mother's voice.

"Yes?"

Oh God, I'd missed her so much. "Mom, it's John, can you open the gate?"

She didn't say anything, but the gates started to open. I left the car parked where it was and walked down the long stone driveway. My parents' home was more like a damn compound. They'd built it in the eighties and only added on to it. The front was all done in stone and three pillars supported a large front porch that hung over the whole front of the seven thousand square foot house.

I got halfway up the driveway before my now aging mother came running out of the door. She grabbed both of my arms and looked me right in the eye. "I thought I would never see you again."

"Mom, I'm so sorry for staying away from you." I kissed her head and held my lips there for a moment. She still smelled the same as I remembered. I felt horrible for staying away from her, when the only thing she was guilty of was supporting her husband. "I'm here now."

"Come inside, son. Come tell me what you've been up to for the last six years."

For the next twenty or so minutes, she sat across from me, just staring. I finally cleared my throat and leaned in closer to her. "Mom, I hate to come in and start asking you questions, but I need some answers and you're the only person that can help me."

She reached over and grabbed my hand. "John, are you in some kind of trouble?"

"No, of course not." I pulled the picture out of my wallet and slid it across the coffee table. "Who are these people you're with?"

She looked shocked as she stared at the old picture. "Where did you get this?"

"It doesn't matter right now. I need to know how you and dad know that man."

She shook her head and traced the people in the picture. "Joe and Charlotte McNally. Your father and Joe were best friends in high school. I guess you were too young to remember him. Back before you were born, we spent all of our time together. Joe was very good at billiards and we would travel with him to some of his events. Where did you find this?"

"How come I never met him?"

"Joe and your father had a falling out. I guess you were about four or five. I only remember because you were crazy about his daughter and you actually cried when they moved away." My stomach dropped. I heard what she said, but I didn't want to believe it.

"A daughter? I don't remember."

My mother stood up. "Stay here. I'll be right back."

I considered that she'd gone upstairs to call my father and tell him I was at the house, but she came back down with a box in her hand. She sat it on the table and started sorting through it. After a few minutes, she handed me a picture. "That's you and their daughter, Charlene. You were three when she was born. It was cute because you couldn't say her name, so you called her..."

"Lena. I called her my Lena." Oh my God this couldn't be happening to me. I sat there staring at a picture of Charlie sitting on my lap when we were just little kids.

On top of hiding my identity from Charlie, now there was this whole other thing that I had to tell her.

She handed me another picture of Charlie and I playing in the snow. "You were so cute with her. I remember you used to say that when you grew up you were going to marry your Lena. I often wonder what happened to that poor child."

I looked up at my mom and pretended that I didn't know where Charlie was. "What do you mean?"

"There is a reason that we stopped talking to them. Your father would be best to explain it."

I grabbed her hand. "Mom, I'm asking you."

"When your father and I first started the business, he and Joe were still the best of friends. They did everything together, including going on long trips where Joe would play in billiards tournaments. I guess while they were away, Charlotte met someone else. She started having an affair and after a while, it was obvious that her heart wasn't in her marriage. Joe threw himself into playing pool and hanging out at bars all night long. The problem was, the more he drank, the more the liquor changed him. One night Joe came home and caught his wife with the other man. They had a heated fight on the front lawn and Charlotte called the police. Joe tried to take his daughter, because he knew that Charlotte would keep him from seeing her. Charlotte fought with him and Joe hit her to try to get to his daughter. Unfortunately, the cops came and took him away. While he was locked up for the night, Charlotte took her daughter and left town. Joe was never the same after that night. He drank from the time he woke up, until the time he passed out somewhere. Your father and I tried to help him, but his drunk driving was too out of control. He hit someone and killed them and they sent him straight to jail. We hired a lawyer and tried to get his time reduced, but the judge wasn't the kind to be lenient on drunk drivers. He got ten years. In that time, his wife filed for a divorce and got remarried. Joe felt so bad about taking another person's life that he signed over parental rights of his daughter. The saddest part about it was that just a few years later Charlotte and her daughter were killed in a house fire."

I looked up at my mother. She didn't know Charlie survived the fire. Would she have adopted her into our family if she knew? I couldn't believe all of this happened while I was a child. "So what happened between Joe and dad?"

She sat another picture down on the table. "When Joe got out of jail all he had were the clothes on his back. Your father took him and gave him a job, but Joe wanted to buy back his father's tavern. Your father lent him the money to do it. It had been a foreclosure, so it wasn't that expensive for a business. Your father's only stipulation was that he be part business owner with Joe. Unfortunately, when Joe's business started doing well, he went to an attorney and somehow had your dads name removed. As far as I know that was the reason they stopped being friends. To tell you the truth, the last time I'd seen Joe, he seemed to really have turned his life around. So tell me, John, where did you get that picture? Did you meet Joe?"

"It doesn't matter. Where can I find dad?"

"He's in Atlantic City for the weekend. Some big investors are looking into a strip mall and your father wants to lease out the buildings."

I stood up. "Mom, I can't stay. I promise I will come back and visit with you. I just have to go."

"John, please, I've waited six years to see you and you come in asking about someone that I haven't seen in a very long time. What is going on?"

My mother deserved some kind of explanation. "How much do you know about dad's business?"

"We have several businesses."

I put my hands in the air. "Mom, I'm not a kid anymore. I know what dad does behind closed doors."

She shook her head and started to cry. I wasn't going to feel sorry for her, not after all of these years. "You can cry all you want, but it isn't going to change the fact that your husband is trying to throw a girl and her brother out on the streets over some kind of old vendetta. When he calls, you tell him I'm looking for him. It's about time I tell good old dad where he can shove his f**king wallet."

My mother was still crying when I walked out of my parents' house. I was so pissed I wanted to hurt someone. Instead of heading back to Charlie, I stopped at a local bar that happened to be open on Mondays.

I was going to have to tell Charlie the truth; a truth that I don't even think had sunk in yet. I'd known her my whole life. We'd been connected to each other before, even if we didn't know it. It was like she was always meant to be mine.

As exciting as it was, it was also terrible, because when Charlie learned the truth, she was never going to be able to forgive me. Trying to save her tavern was going to cost me her heart.

I ordered a double shot of Jack and headed back to the pool tables. Tippy was leaning over the table, while his girlfriend and Jaye sat to the side. Jaye's face lit up and I downed the two shots I had in my hands. This was the only life I knew, the life where having feelings didn't exist.

Chapter 23

Charlie

I couldn't believe this was happening to me. Just when I felt like good things were happening, it all turns back to shit again. I couldn't catch a break. The only thing keeping me strong was knowing that Jammer still wanted to be with me. Sure, he still had secrets. I wasn't naive. I knew there were parts of his life he didn't want to tell me about, but since my past was so horrible, I decided it was better to wait until he was ready to talk about it.

I think when he offered to help me, it was out of desperation. It wasn't like either of us knew someone that had fifty grand lying around. Still, when he kissed me goodbye he seemed confident that he could help. I was desperate. When I turned eighteen, I'd run up all of my credit with credit cards and then had no money to pay them back. My credit was shit and no bank was going to lend me the money to pay off the debt. My only other option was to get the paperwork from the attorney's office and go beg the loan company for an extension.

I considered calling Jammer after I hadn't heard from him in hours. Since he'd been staying with me, we were pretty inseparable. He'd had a couple pool matches to make extra cash, but always had them at my tavern. The only phone calls he ever got were from people wanting to set up matches with him and since he wasn't traveling, he turned them all down.

I could tell part of him missed playing as much as he used to. A couple times I woke up in the middle of the night and found him downstairs shooting balls around. I remembered it was how he cleared his mind and since the whole relationship thing was new to us, I never wanted him to feel smothered by me, so I gave him the space he needed.

Since Elle had gone back to school after finding out about me and Jammer, she'd told Zach about my new boyfriend. He'd texted a couple of times, but never offered to stop by and hang out. Elle finally called me one night and told me that Zach had been in love with me. I felt so bad because I didn't have those kinds of feelings for him. Even if I may have thought I did at one point, once I met Jammer and felt what he made me feel, I knew it wasn't the same.

From the moment of my first encounter with Jammer, I felt like I knew him already. He'd made me feel safe immediately. I couldn't explain it. I guess it was almost like we were friends in a past life or something. Okay, that sounds kind of lame to say out loud, but it's the truth. I wasn't exactly sure what loving a boyfriend felt like, but I was pretty sure that's what I was starting to feel for Jammer. After spending the whole day thinking of him, I manage to wait until ten p.m. before the worrying started to really kick in. I dialed his number and prayed that he was okay.

Hello

Jammer, I was so worried.

You shouldn't worry about me, baby. I always manage to make it on my own.

Okay, I guess I will see you at home.

Don't wait up, Lena.

I hung up the phone and couldn't believe that had just happened. Who the hell was Lena and why did he sound drunk? I went downstairs, thinking he was playing a joke on me and he was downstairs hiding. It was dark and quiet, with clearly no sign of my boyfriend. I guess a normal girlfriend would have called him back and gave him the third degree, but I wasn't that girl. As much as I wanted to be mad at him, I just wanted him to come home to me. I needed him to hold me and tell me everything was going to be okay, even if it wasn't. I was scared and felt completely alone.

By one in the morning, I'd fallen asleep on the couch waiting. I heard a key in the door and sat up and saw him stumbling inside. I rushed over to the door and helped him make it into the bedroom. "Thanks, baby. I would have called, but I seemed to have misplaced my phone. Did you know that when you have too much to drink, you lose everything? I think it's somewhere in my car."

He smelled so bad of liquor and I just wanted him to pass out.

I tugged on his jeans and pulled them off of his legs. He started laughing and rolling around on the bed. "You want some of this too? Everybody wants some of Jammer tonight." He started laughing at the same time I think I felt the burning in my eyes.

Had he been out with someone else while I was home crying about losing my business and my home? Was he really that f**king horrible and I didn't know it?

He reached over and tried to grab me and pull me on top of him. "Charlie, kiss me. I'm sorry about what happened. I didn't know about Lena. I didn't know about the little girl. I saw those pictures and it was as clear as day. She was always my Lena. Do you hear me, Charlie?"

I heard him, but I didn't understand him. Whoever Lena was, she was his. Oh my God, did he have a kid and someone showed him the pictures of her today? Was that why he hadn't called me. Did he meet his child?

I wanted to ask him, but feared what his words would reveal. My day was more than f**ked up and hearing that I could be losing him too was just too much. I covered him up and waited for him to fall asleep.

"Charlie," he whispered. "I remember playing house with my Lena."

"You can tell me tomorrow."

"Okay, and I have to tell you about John too."

John, as in John Thomas? Jammer knew where John Thomas was? I almost wanted to shake him awake, but his snores reminded me that he couldn't say anything else to break my heart.

I stood over the bed crying for a while before I took my pillow out to the couch. Since Jammer had been staying with us, Ryan stayed in his room. He told me that he felt like Jammer kept the bad guys away.

I woke up to the sound of someone sniffling. At first I thought it was Ryan, so I jumped off of the couch. Jammer sat in the chair across from me. He looked like hell and I could tell from the way his eyes looked that he'd been upset. "Charlie, did I hurt you?"

I shrugged and looked down at my hands. "Not physically."

"I don't remember getting home last night. What happened?"

Since I knew he was okay, I was actually feeling more pissed than upset. "You tell me. Who is Lena, Jammer?" His eyes got really big before he put his head down and shook it back and forth. When he wouldn't answer me, I stood up and walked over to him. I put my hands on my hips. "What do you know about John?"

"Baby, please just sit down for a second. I will explain everything if you just give me a damn second to figure out how to say this." He put his hands up to his face and kept them there. "God, I f**ked up so bad."

"Did you cheat on me?"

He removed his hands quickly. "No!"

"How do you know? I mean, clearly you were at a bar."

"I know that I wouldn't do that to you, not to you." I was more than confused.

I threw my hands in the air. "What is that supposed to mean?"

"I can't explain with you freaking out in front of me. Can you please just calm down and give me a damn second?"

I was angry and hurt and confused, all balled into one. I couldn't give him a second, because I was going insane waiting. "I want you to tell me what is going on. What are you hiding? Who the hell is Lena?"

"Charlie, please, I can't just come out and say it."

"You have five seconds to explain, or you can get your shit and get out of here. I have enough problems than to sit around and live with someone I can't trust."

He stood up and pulled something out of his pocket and placed it in my hand, before sitting back down in the chair. I looked down and noticed that it was a picture of a little boy and a little girl. The boy looked a few years older, but she was sitting on his lap and they were both laughing. There was something familiar about both of the children that I couldn't put my finger on. "What is this? Who are these people?"

"Charlie, I think you need to sit down."

I just stood there. "You're scaring me, Jammer."

I backed up and sat down on the couch, still staring at the picture. He got up and kneeled down in front of me. "When I was seventeen I left home. It wasn't because I had a bad upbringing like you did. I had quite the opposite actually. I went to elite private schools and hung out with my rich snotty friends. My dad owned businesses all around Baltimore, but from behind closed doors, he was a loan shark. He'd lend money to people, only to turn around and take everything from them. He built an empire out of taking away people's homes and their jobs. I didn't want anything to do with that, so I just left. I met this guy who shared an interest in pool. He took me in and gave me a job. He taught me the real game of pool and showed me how to survive by doing what I loved. After a year, I left. I wanted to do my own thing and didn't want the responsibility of answering to someone else. When I came back to town, it was to see your father, Charlie. I lived in this apartment with your dad."

"This is a joke right? Like this is your way of getting out of cheating on me? You're making up this convoluted story so I go easier on you?"

He stood up and started pacing around the room. "Charlie, I stayed to help you because I found out my father was involved in the attacks on you. Our fathers were in business together. That is you and me in the picture and you were my Lena."

I flipped the picture around and sure enough, in a woman's handwriting it read, "Charlene McNally and John Thomas (Jammer and his Lena)". I covered my mouth with my hand and could feel the tears falling down my face.

"You've known this all along? How could you do this to me? How..."

"Whoa, I swear to God that I just found out yesterday. I went to see my mother, to find out what my father was trying to do. I thought I could get him to back off. She told me the story of your parents and their separation. She told me how my father and Joe were best friends and they had a falling out. I didn't know I knew you, Charlie. I swear I didn't know."

"Please leave." I was crying too hard to say anything else.

"Charlie, I swear to you that I didn't know. This has nothing to do with how I feel about you now. It just means that its real. What I feel for you is so real, Charlie. Please believe me."

I pushed him away from me and ran into my bedroom. My body fell on the bed and I just started bawling. I'd been living with John Thomas this whole time. Jammer had lied to me, even if he didn't know the other stuff. I couldn't forgive him.

I heard him come into the room and felt the bed move as he sat down next to me. His hand touched my back and I moved away. "Don't touch me. I don't even know you. Get your things and go, John." I waited until he got up. "Don't you dare say a word to my brother. I won't let you hurt him too."

I could hear him getting his stuff together. The sound of zippers was amplified for the simple fact that I knew what the sound of them actually meant. They meant he was really leaving. As angry as I was, a part of me wanted to run into that room and beg him to stay with me. My heart was ripping apart and for the first time, I was sure that I was in love with him. Nothing could be more painful than feeling the loss of someone you love.

I heard keys rattling and then the door closing. I don't know how long I cried, but my brother came in and jumped on the bed beside me. "Charlie, why are you sad?"

"Jammer had to go away, buddy. I'm just sad about it."

"Because you love him?"

I rubbed his head and tried to smile. "Yeah."

"I love him too. When is he coming back?"

How do I tell my little brother that someone he cares about isn't coming back, after he's lost his father. He is going to think that everyone leaves. "I don't know."

"I hope he comes back soon so you can smile again. Jammer always makes you smile."

While I got my brother to go get dressed for school, I got myself dressed enough to take him down to his preschool bus. My whole life was crashing down on me, but my brother's education was still important.

I called Shaun and let him know that we were having plumbing problems and the tavern would be closed for the day. It wasn't a total lie, considering that I was flooding the building with my tears. I needed Jammer to hold me and tell me everything was going to be alright, but he was the reason for my tears. He and his father were completely to blame.

Chapter 24

Jammer

I regretted going to see my mother. Not only had my relationship with Charlie been destroyed, but I'd also learned that Joker hadn't been honest with me, he knew whose kid I was the whole time. What kind of f**ked up person uses a kid like that? Obviously, he and my father were more friends than they realized, based on their payback abilities.

I missed Charlie from the moment I walked out of that apartment. In just one short month she'd changed me. I wish I had a better explanation, but the truth was I didn't. I couldn't explain why I was so connected with her. I mean, I get that I knew her when we were kids, but the fact that I was so obsessed with her even back then was unreal.

I didn't believe in fate or stupid shit that couldn't be explained, but knowing that I'd found Charlie and fallen in love with her, it had to be some kind of devine intervention. The past six years had given me nothing to show for, but in that short month with Charlie, we're building a future. We worked great together and I felt like we were on the same page.

I knew I should have told her who I was, but the longer I waited, the more I felt like I would lose her. Obviously, I'd been right. She kicked me out without blinking. She was so hurt, I could see it in her eyes and my heart ached for breaking her heart.

I was all the way in my car before I realized that I'd left my stick in the bedroom under Charlie's side of the bed. It wasn't like I could walk back in there and get it. I couldn't stand seeing her cry when I was the damn reason.

Before I knew it, I was driving back to my parents' house. My father was away on business and I knew exactly where to find him. I should have been prepared for my mother's reaction when she heard my voice on the monitor.

"Yes?"

"Mom, it's me. I need to talk to you again."

"If you're just going to get mad and leave, then I refuse to talk to you."

I shook my head and knew where I'd gotten my stubbornness. "Mom, please. I will tell you why I had to leave yesterday. Just let me in."

The gates started to open and by the time I made it to the front door, she was already opening it. She didn't welcome me like she had the day before. Instead, she walked in front of me to the living room and sat down. I sat across from her and rubbed my hands on my pants while I thought about how to explain everything to her. "Mom, I need to know how you found out about Charlotte. Who told you that they all died in that fire?"

"Well your father, of course. He came right home and told me."

I ran my hands through my hair, noting how pissed she was going to get when I told her that he lied to her. "Mom, Char...Lena didn't die in the fire. She survived."

"But that is impossible. Your father told me that they had died. You have to be mistaken. Who is giving you this information and why do you care so much about this family? John, please tell me what is going on? Why are you here asking about our past and a girl that died a long time ago?"

"She didn't die and the reason that I know is because I've been living with her for the past month. Joe must have known the truth. When he died, he left her and her little brother the Tavern. Mom, it's really her, I swear."

"Did you just say that Joe is dead?"

"He died of cancer a few months back. Charlie didn't even know he was her real father. Her mother never told her the truth. She found out from the attorney that was handling his will."

My mother held her hand over her face and I could hear her crying. She looked up at me as she sulked. "So the child lost her parents, but what happened to her, if Joe didn't take care of her?"

"She went into foster care. Mom, it was awful. She's been through hell."

She cried even harder and I couldn't help but walk over to her and hold her. "John, I would have taken her in. I would have given her a home and loved her like she was ours. Why didn't your father just tell me the truth?"

I rubbed my mother's back. "I was hoping you knew the answer to that."

She pushed herself away from me and stood up. "John, I've loved your father for a very long time, but we haven't always been happy. When Charlotte first took Joe's daughter away, Joe stayed with us. I don't think you remember it. He stayed in the basement and was barely ever upstairs. Anyway, your father was so involved with the business and making it his empire that he forgot to pay attention to me. Although it was brief, Joe and I had an affair. It's not a time that I'm proud of, but it was the only time in my life that I felt so alive. Your father caught us one night. He said he was going out of town and waited for us to be together before he walked in. Joe left and went to live at the Tavern, but your father told me if I ever saw Joe again, he would take his business from him. It killed me, but I never spoke to Joe again. I'm so sorry, son. You must hate me."

I grabbed my mother's hand and looked into her reddening eyes. "Mom, when I left home, I met Joe. He let me stay with him for a year, but he never told me he knew you or dad. I'm just wondering now if he was keeping me safe because he still cared about you."

She smiled and squeezed my hand. "If he did then I wish I could have thanked him. God, he's really gone?"

"Yeah, that's how I met Charlie. I went back to the tavern to thank him and she was there. That's actually what brought me here. There's more that dad isn't telling you. He put a damn lien on the tavern. Charlie has thirty days to come up with fifty grand. I need you to convince Dad to back off. This vendetta he has is going to leave two people that I care about without a home and a business."

"I can't talk to him about that. Why would your father even care what happens to the tavern if Joe is gone?"

"Because he left a quarter of it to me. Yesterday, I thought Joe was just letting me stay with him to get back at Dad for something, but now I know that he did it for you. He left me a quarter of that bar so I could find out the truth. Somehow he knew I would figure it out eventually. Mom, I know you're scared, but I love Charlie and right now she hates me so much. Please help me make things right."

She didn't want to help me, in fact, I knew she didn't want to get involved at all. Sure, I was a little taken back when I found out that my mother had an affair with another man, but in the whole big picture of things, I could see how it would happen. "I want to see her. Take me to see Charlie."

"That's not going to be easy. I sort of lied about who I was for the whole month we've been together and she hates my guts."

She kept shaking her head. "I just can't believe this. I can't believe that you fell in love with that little girl. John, I want you to take me to her."

It didn't take but a second for me to agree. Any reason to see Charlie was a good enough reason for me. I was just hoping that after she talked to my mother, she would let me be in her life. I was too crazy about her to just let her walk out of my life.

My mother insisted that I drive her Jag instead of my old beat up piece of shit. I think she was okay until we pulled up out front. Her eyes filled with tears. "It still looks the same as when Joe bought it back from the bank. He'd never been so happy as that day when he knew it was his again."

I rang the buzzer and prayed that Charlie would come answer the door. There was a chance that she wouldn't and this attempt to talk to her would be for nothing.

After about four minutes, I could hear someone approaching and then opening the door. Charlie looked like she was still crying and when she saw me and my mother, she just stood there staring at the woman. I cleared my throat to get their attention. "Charlie, this is my mother, Lydia. She needs to talk to you and I am begging you to hear her out."

She rolled her eyes at me, but opened the door and smiled at my mother.

We followed her up the stairs and I noticed my mother looking all around the bar. I guess it was bringing back a bunch of memories. Once we got upstairs, Ryan came out of his room and jumped in front of me. "Jammer, I knew you'd be back. Who is that lady?"

"That's my mom. Her name is Mrs. Lydia."

He walked up to her and she bent down to say hello. "You're pretty for an old lady."

We all started laughing. "Hey Ry, you wanna come downstairs and shoot a couple games of pool with me?"

"Awesome!" He headed for the door.

I looked back at the ladies. "I'm just going to take him downstairs so you two can talk."

I left the ladies and headed downstairs with Ryan, even though I just wanted to stay and be with Charlie. I looked her way as I started to close the door behind me. For just a second, I thought that I saw her start to smile at me.

It was important to me to spend time with Ryan. If Charlie didn't take me back, I wouldn't be able to see the kid anymore.

He had already picked out a stick and was grabbing the balls and putting them in the triangular shaped rack. "You break and then I will make the shots."

I laughed. Ryan didn't understand the rules of the game, but he loved to shoot the ball all around. I grabbed a house stick and broke the balls up. He walked around the table, just like I did when I was scoping out how I was going to run the table. He was cute though. He didn't know that was what I did, he'd just seen me walking around and started doing it himself. "You see a shot you want to take?"

He put the stick up on the table and got on his tippy toes. Every single time he went to take a shot, his little tongue would stick out. He shot at the cue ball and knocked all the balls around the table. The seven ball fell in the side and his face lit up. "Did you see that?"

I let out a laugh. "Yeah, dude. That was a great shot."

He kept shooting around, while I sat back in the corner chair and sulked about how I'd managed to f**k up something that could have been so good. I wasn't convinced that my mother was going to help out my broken relationship with Charlie, but at least she would know more about her father.

After a while I sat Ryan up on the table and let him slide the balls all around. I think he liked the way it sounded when they made contact with each other.

I heard feet walking down the stairs and then saw both of the women coming toward the billiard lounge. My mother had a tissue in her hand and I could tell she was crying at some point again. Charlie stood in the doorway and looked over at me. "Can I talk to you for a second?"

I left my mother and Ryan and walked to the front of the bar with Charlie. It would have been nice if she just wrapped her arms around me and told me that I could come home, but she didn't. "Charlie, please don't hate me. When we first hooked up it was about f**king each other. It wasn't about my real name. I know you're pissed about that, but when I started to have feelings for you, it was too late to tell you the truth."

"Jammer, it doesn't change the fact that you lied to me the whole time we were together. Your mother told me everything and it's just a giant f**king mess. I can't deal with it right now. She can't help me get the money to save the tavern and from how she explained things, your father will stop at nothing until this building is tore down."

"Let me help you figure out what to do next."

"No, I think it's best if you just go. I'm not saying I hate you, because I think we've dealt with enough lies for one lifetime, but I can't be with you."

"Charlie," I grabbed her hand and held it with both of mine. "I..."

"We don't need to get all technical with the goodbyes. It's best if you just go now, so it isn't any harder."

I wanted to tell her that I loved her and I guess I should have instead of saying goodbye to Ryan and walking out the door.

When I got back in the car with my mother, she was still sniffling. "John, thank you for taking me to see Charlie. I can see why you love her."

"Yeah, it doesn't really matter how I feel. She doesn't want anything to do with me."

She reached over and grabbed my shoulder. "She needs you. You can't give up on that."

I sighed and kept my eyes on the road. "She's too proud to have me come back, Mom. I f**ked up. Oh, sorry for the language. I'm just so pissed at myself."

"You're a grown man. If you need to say f**k to make yourself feel better, don't let me stop you."

We both laughed for the first time since we'd seen each again. "Mom, I don't know the first thing about being in a relationship. Every time I feel like I'm doing something right, I'm just messing up. Every bone in my body tells me that I'm supposed to be with her. Do you have any idea how it makes me feel that my father is the damn reason that I can't be happy?"

"I didn't want this life for you, John. I knew he was the reason you left, I just wished you would have kept in touch with me. I miss you. You're my only son."

I stopped at a red light and turned to her. "Mom, I'm sorry. I just needed to get away from him. I knew if I stayed he would be involved in whatever I wanted to do."

"I'm going to try to help you, John. I can't promise anything, but maybe I can get him to back off."

"Mom, anything is better than where I'm at right now. I'd do anything to have a real shot with Charlie."

When we finally made it back to the house, I had filled her in on what I'd been doing for the past six years. She wasn't too amused about my choices, especially my tattoos, but I think my mother was just so happy that we were together that it didn't even matter.

I was determined to find a way to save the tavern and I was willing do whatever I needed to do to get it done.

Chapter 25

Charlie

Lydia Thomas left me more confused. I could tell that Jammer was desperate for me to forgive him. I wanted to, I really did. It hadn't even been twenty four hours and I felt like calling him and telling him to come be with me. It's funny how you don't know how much someone means to you until they're gone.

Ryan was really happy when Jammer came back, so when he left again, it was harder for me to explain he wasn't coming back. Just as I put Ryan to bed, I got a text message.

I'm sitting outside. If you don't let me in, I'm going to sleep in my car. -J

Are you really trying to coax your way inside like that? - C

Charlie, I know you're mad at me, but I also know you're in love with me. -J

Did he really just say that to me?

You aren't coming in. -C

I'll play you for your heart.-J

You're crazy.-C

Okay obviously I have an advantage. I'm going to stand at your door for exactly ten minutes. If you love me like I think you do, you'll let me in. -J

What if I don't open it?-C

Then I will know that you never loved me and we are over for good.-J

I guess this is going to be a long ten minutes for you. -C

I'm confidant you will come to the door.-J

When does the ten minutes start?-C

Two minutes ago.-J

My heart was beating so hard that I swear I could hear it. I could be stubborn and pretend that I didn't love him, but would I be hurting him or myself more. The truth was that being without Jammer was going to suck. For the first time since I was ten years old, I felt safe, I felt happy and most importantly I felt loved. He may have not said it, but I felt it every single day. We had become a team and although it hadn't been long, our time together had showed me what a real relationship was like.

I looked at the clock and three minutes had passed. I had five more minutes to decide on my future with Jammer. Sure, I was still angry and pissed, but what was happening wasn't just about Jammer lying to me. I could try to handle this myself or have someone to do it with me. I think I knew the answer even before my feet hit the steps. When I got close to the front door I could see him leaning against it. I don't know why, but I stood there and just watched him. He looked down at his phone and check the time. I pulled mine out of my pocket and saw that nine minutes had passed.

I wasn't usually one to joke around, but since Jammer was so sure about me opening the door, I ducked down and waited until eleven minutes had passed.

He checked his phone and shook his head. He pressed his face against the door and looked inside to see if I was coming and turned to start walking toward his car. I waited until he hit the curb before sending him a message.

I wasn't good enough to wait two extra minutes?

He looked up and saw me waving at the door. I watched him shake his head and start walking back. When I opened it up, he grabbed me into his arms and held me tight against his chest. "I am so sorry, Charlie."

"I'm still mad at you."

He pulled away and kissed me softly. "I know. I get it."

"The thing is, I know I won't always be mad and I'm not willing to lose you in the meantime. I don't want to go through this at all, but with you by my side, it makes it all easier."

"I might have drove away, but I would have come back tomorrow."

I laughed as we walked inside hand in hand. "I would have expected you to still show up for work. You are pretty much the best bartender ever."

He smiled and nudged me with his hip. "I only work hard so I can impress my sexy ass boss."

"I hear she's a real bitch."

He cupped his hands around my face and rubbed my lips with his thumbs. "I think I'm in love with her."

This was it. This was going to be the first time I ever told a guy that I loved him. I could feel my cheeks getting red as I was overwhelmed with animosity. Talking about my feelings had always been so hard for me. Still, I just wasn't willing to take any more risks when it came to losing him. "I'm pretty sure she loves you too."

He grabbed both of my hands and pulled me into the stairwell. "I need to get you naked."

I felt his lips on mine and I pulled back a little. "This isn't going to solve anything. I'm still going to be mad." My hands slid under his shirt as we sat down on the stairs.

"I like it when you're mad. You take it out on me when we f**k." He tugged on my shirt and I let him lift it over my head. Next came my bra and then I felt him tugging down my pants. He was going to bang me right here on the steps. I grabbed the button to his jeans and yanked them down hard as our tongues continued to tease one another.

Jammer ran his hands into my hair and pressed his body against mine. I could feel his erection pressing into my thigh, so I reached down and held it in my hand. He buried his face into my neck. "I want you so bad. Turn your ass around." He stood up and kicked off his jeans. Before I turned around, I watched him ripping off his t-shirt. I loved looking at his tattooed chest. Just seeing it turned me on. I turned around and felt the warmth of his naked body pressing over my back. His hand ran up and down my ass cheek right before he smacked it hard. I jumped and next felt his hands rubbing out where he'd slapped. "God, I love this ass."

I leaned my head on my hands as I continued to hold my ass in the air for Jammer. His hand ran up my back and then down it. When he reached my ass, he slid his finger down in between the crack. He slid that one finger all the way down until he reached my pu**y. "Tell me how mad you are, Charlie."

His voice vibrated off of my neck when he said it. I could feel tingling in my ni**les and I was ready for him to do whatever he wanted. I'd just had the worst day ever and this was just what the doctor ordered. "I hate you."

His finger slid back up and punctured the base of my ass. I wanted to freak out, but it didn't hurt as much as I thought it would. He cupped one of my butt cheeks with one hand and slowly moved a finger from his other hand inside of my ass. He tickled the rim and continued to kiss the back of my shoulders as he leaned over me. "Tell me you want me, Charlie."

I bit down on the back of my hand enjoying a little too much how his finger felt as it violated me. "I want you."

He thrusted harder. "Louder, Charlie. Tell me to f**k that pretty little pu**y."

Hearing him talking nasty just made me want him more and he knew it. "Please, Jammer, I want you inside of me." I said it loudly and it echoed in the dim light stairwell.

"Oh, I'm going to be right there, baby. You just keep that ass up in the air for me."

I did as he said and felt him adjusting behind me. He kept his finger in my ass as he slowly placed his hard c**k over my entrance. I was too wet to notice the consuming pressure of his girth forcing to fill me. With his free hand, he grabbed me by the hips and rocked his body back and forth, while inside of me. His finger continued to tease the base of my anus, sending sensations all throughout my body. "You like it when I play with your ass, don't you?"

Oh my God did I. "Yes," I cried out.

He rammed me harder, pulling me by the hip until we smacked together. I cried out more, both in pain and pleasure that were overcoming me. Jammer slowed down his pace and removed his finger. "Turn around and spread those legs. I need to watch it going in."

I turned around and leaned my head back over the steps, while Jammer guiding both of my legs to be held up by me as he looked down and played with my clit. Each time he touched me there with his finger, I bucked up off the steps. "You're so wet for me. I had to come back to you, Charlie. I had to f**k you again."

The tip of his penis slapped against my sensitive clit. It felt warm and as he continued, I could feel the sensations taking over my body. I cupped both of my br**sts into my hands and closed my eyes tightly as it overwhelmed me again. His erect dick thrusted inside of me, just as I was starting to relax and it sent me back into convulsing movements. I couldn't hold my legs spread any longer, so I wrapped them around Jammer's back. He pounded harder by grabbing my shoulder and to grind us together more. I watched his body tighten and his eyes close right before he slowed his pace and finally came to a halt.

Jammer grabbed one of my hands and brought it to his lips. "No more secrets, Charlie. I promise you."

I nodded. "Okay."

It wasn't until we were upstairs and in the shower that I realized just how happy I was that Jammer was back. My head was pounding from crying so much, but all I could think about was having to spend another second with a broken heart. Jammer lied to me. Everyone lies at some point and yeah, it was a big one, but at the end of the day, I loved the man he was regardless of his full name or who his parents were.

He still wanted to try, even after knowing the truth about our families past. We were so linked that it wasn't even funny. I didn't remember Jammer like he could remember me. I guess I was too young. I guess he was around eight when he last saw me and I was just five. With everything that was happening at home between my parents, I could understand how I would block out everything about that time of my life.

Our past was our past and we both needed to look toward the future. We hadn't been together very long, but our bond was strong and letting him go wasn't an option for me. I never understood how people in relationships couldn't work things out. Of course, I had no experience and maybe taking Jammer back so quickly was a rookie mistake, but I was left happy instead of sad because of the decision. Screw what everyone else thought anyway.

After washing my hair like he always did, Jammer wrapped his arms around me and kissed the top of my head. "I'm going to find a way out of this mess, Charlie. I won't let us be homeless."

I looked up into his eyes and saw how serious he was. "Thank you, Jammer. Thanks for keeping us safe and not giving up on me. After you left today, it was just so hard to be positive about anything. I don't want to be scared out of my home by your father, and I certainly don't have fifty grand, but I feel like if you're by my side, we will be okay."

He kissed my lips and held his head against mine. "I may not be good at a lot of things, but I can make money doing what I love. Even if we do lose this place, I will get enough money for us to start over. We can get another place to stay and work on jobs once we're settled. With what I do, we can pretty much live anywhere. I just need to know that you're really going to give me the chance to prove it to you. I f**ked up, I know that, but losing you just isn't an option for me. I had my first love when I was just five years old. I told my mother that I was going to marry my Lena and we were going to be happy forever. I never loved another girl until I met you, Charlie and who would have known that all the while you were the same person."

I reached up and kissed his lips again, this time letting my tongue play along with his. As we pulled away, I opened my eyes and looked directly at him. "I love you, John Thomas."

Chapter 26

Jammer

I can't even explain how good it felt to wake up with Charlie tangled within my body. Sure, we were sweating and the sheets were soaked, but it didn't matter. For the brief time that I thought I'd lost her, I felt empty. It was crazy how I felt about the girl after never feeling anything for a female my whole adult life. Charlie was a spitfire. I loved her spunky attitude and the way she tried to hold her own, even when she was really falling apart.

I kissed her gently on the head, causing her to stir. She looked up at me and smiled. "Hi."

My lips met hers again. "Hi, yourself."

I heard the door creak open and noticed little Ryan standing there. He got a smile on his face and jumped in bed between us. "You want to shoot some pool, Jammer?"

I laughed, knowing first of all that I wasn't wearing any clothes, and secondly that it was too early in the morning to go downstairs and play pool. "Maybe a little later, bud."

"Ry, go get dressed for preschool. I laid your clothes on your dresser last night." Charlie waited for him to jump up and run out of the room before she put a pillow over her head. "Just give me thirty more minutes."

I grabbed the pillow and tossed it off the bed. "You don't need any more beauty sleep."

"I'm tired though," she whined.

"How about I get the kid ready and on the bus, while you sleep for a little while longer?" I was wide awake and didn't mind kissing up to score some brownie points. Our sex life might not have been having problems, but we still had issues to work through.

"Can I have my pillow back?" I climbed out of bed and tossed her the pillow. She giggled as I walked in front of her to get to the bathroom. "Nice ass!"

I smacked my own ass right before heading into the bathroom to take a leak and brush my teeth. By the time I came back out Charlie was already back to sleep. It amazed me how easy it was for her to sleep. She'd told me all about the horrible dreams she used to have, but since I'd been staying there with her, they'd all but disappeared.

Ryan was easy to manage in the mornings. He liked school and did his best to be a big boy. We walked downstairs and stood outside waiting for the bus. "Did you make Charlie cry yesterday?"

I squatted down to his level. "I didn't mean to."

He looked down at the ground. "She was real sad. Don't do it again or I won't be your friend anymore. Charlie is the best sister ever and I don't like it if she cries."

I had to give that kid props for taking up for his sister. "You love Charlie don't you?"

"Yeah, do you love, Charlie?" He had a right to question me.

"I do."

"I thought so. Here comes the bus, I have to go. See you tonight, Jammer. I want hotdogs for dinner." I waved as the bus pulled away with Ryan on it. That kid was all spunk.

When I went back inside, Charlie was still lying in bed. She had the covers pulled over her head. I crawled up and attacked her, waking her up and causing her to scream. "Wake up, grouchy."

She kept her head covered by the sheets. "Go away! You suck!"

"Come on, baby. We only have about an hour before you have to get your ass downstairs and start working. I was thinking you could make me breakfast and feed it to me." I was joking, but it was enough to get her to sit up and look at me with a curious look on her face. "I think you are the one with the sucking skills."

She gave me a dirty look and started to climb out of bed. "I'm not making you breakfast."

"I ate with Ry. We had frozen pancakes with chocolate syrup and whipped cream."

I could hear her going to the bathroom so I leaned against the bathroom door. When I heard her start to brush her teeth and I went into the bathroom and sat on the edge of the tub. "What are you going to do this morning? Did you want to come help me do inventory?"

I didn't know how she was going to react, but I had to tell her what I had in mind to do. "I was thinking of paying my good old dad a visit."

She turned around and her eyes got really big. "Seriously?"

I shrugged. "The way I see it, he's the reason why all of this is happening. Maybe I can get him to reconsider. If he knows how much all of this means to me maybe he will back the f**k off."

She leaned against the sink and crossed her arms. "What if it makes things worse?"

"It can't get any worse, baby." I stood up and wrapped my arms around her waist. "I just want this all to get cleared up so we can be happy. I mean, I don't care where we have to live, but I wouldn't mind staying here and running this business with you. We could make it great."

She smiled and put her head against my chest. "I guess if you think it's a good idea, go ahead and try."

"I'm going to make this better, Charlie. I don't want you worrying about it. When I'm done with my father, you're not going to have to worry about ever losing this place again."

We walked into the living room and sat down on the couch. "You know, it's funny how I didn't want this place at first, but now I can't imagine not having it."

"How do you think I feel? A month ago I was pretty much living out of my car, looking for new places to stop in and make a quick buck. Settling down was never an option for me. It wasn't even a blip in my vocabulary. Now, being without you for even five minutes makes me all f**ked up in the head." I grabbed her leg and pulled it up on my lap. "Are you a witch or something? Did you put a bitch spell on me and make me go soft?"

She giggled and shook her head. "Trust me, I'm not a witch, but if I was, I don't think I would have done a love spell on someone I couldn't stand at first."

"Yeah right, you keep saying that, but you know you wanted me the first time you saw me. You gave me those little puppy dog eyes when I came in and saved the day. You wanted to take me behind the counter and ride my dick all night."

"Wow, is that really how you portrayed our first encounter, because I saw things a lot differently." She ran her hands through my hair and continued to look into my eyes, so I knew she wasn't mad at me for kidding with her.

"Yeah, you definitely wanted my dick."

She slapped my arm and laughed with me, before climbing off of me and heading into the kitchen. Of course, I had already made coffee and she headed right for the pot. "What time were you going to head out?"

I shrugged. "I guess when you head down, I will go then. If you want to wait, I can help you do inventory when I get back. I'm not planning on sticking around to catch up."

We spent about an hour together before I headed out to hunt down my father. I was certain that after we spoke he would see my side of things and drop the bullshit lien on the tavern. Charlie had nothing to do with his vendetta with her father. She didn't even know she had another father out there somewhere who would leave her a bar and a brother to care for.

When I pulled up at my parents' house, the gate was already open, so I walked right through. The front door opened and my father was walking toward his car, until he saw me. "John, I was wondering when you were going to show your face. You've been in town for over a month and picked this week to come see your mother."

"I had my reasons."

"Yeah, shacking up with Joe's daughter isn't a reason, son. It's a mistake that I intend to have rectified."

I couldn't believe the nerve of this man. I hadn't even seen him in years and he was going to dictate who I could spend my life with. Fuck that!

"What are you talking about rectifying?"

"Your little fling with the girl. It ends today, John." He sat his brief case down on the ground and leaned against his car.

"Yeah, that's not going to happen." I crossed my arms and dared him to say something about my girlfriend.

"For six years I have watched you do nothing with your life. You really think I'm going to just stand back and let you shack up with a charity case in a rundown bar? Enough is enough, son. It's time to come home and get involved with the empire I've built for you."

I walked closer to my father and pointed my finger in his face. "I'm not giving up the one thing that makes me happy. You're crazy if you think you can make that happen. I came here to ask you to back off of us and let us be happy. Drop the damn lien and vendetta you have on Joe. Charlie had nothing to do with him. She didn't even remember him. That girl has suffered enough. I won't let you hurt her anymore or take away her and her brother's home." I was getting angrier by the second. I was always taught to respect elders, but I had no respect for this man standing in front of me. He was evil and would stop at nothing until he got what he wanted.

"I tell you what. I consider myself to be a reasonable man. If you want me to back off of this girl and that tavern, it will be on my terms. What would you be willing to do for me to drop the lien and let her have the business paid in full?" He wouldn't even look me in the eye as he talked to me.

"I'd do just about anything. I want her to be happy, in fact, it's all I want. Charlie means everything to me. She makes me want to be a better person. If you would give her half the chance, you might like her too." Not that I wanted him to know her. I didn't want to ever have a gathering where I invited my father. He meant nothing to me.

"Good, since you put it that way, I will sign off on the business if you sign over your ownership and walk away from her completely. When you do both of those things, and I am sure that you have stayed away, I will sign off. Until that happens, the bank will still take over at the end of the month. I'm all for being fair, son, but I have no other options to offer. You leave the girl and she can have her business and do whatever she wants with it. Now, unless you can come up with fifty grand, I would start considering my offer, unless you plan on living on the streets with the little slut."

I hurdled myself at my father, swinging my arm around before he could throw his arms up to block me. I heard my mother screaming and backed away immediately. She rushed to his side and had started crying. "Stop this, both of you. I can't take it anymore!"

My father shrugged her arm off of him and held his bleeding nose. "This is all your fault, Lydia. You did this. Tell your son how you thought sleeping with my best friend was a good idea."

She backed away from him and covered her mouth. Then, she stood up straight and looked right at him. "You lied to me about that little girl. You knew I would take care of that child. What kind of man abandons a child out of spite?"

My father threw his arms up in the air. "I gave you everything. Look at this house you live in. Look at those manicured nails and your designer shoes. Do you really think Joe was going to give you the life you have? Get your ass in the house, where you belong."

"Don't talk to her that way!" I got up in his face again.

"The choice is yours, John. How do you think that girl will feel when she finds out you could have saved her business? She'll never forgive you. Walk away and everyone gets what they want, son." He climbed into his car without giving me another second of his time. I held up my arms, but he kept driving.

What the f**k had just happened? Did he really expect me to walk away from Charlie? How could I ever do that to her?

I walked into the house and found my mother crying on the couch. "Mom, get yourself a bag packed. You're leaving with me."

She shook her head. "You don't understand, John. He won't let me leave him. He's too proud to admit that he was wrong. You go on and go home to Charlie. I will be fine."

I sank down on the floor next to her. "Mom, please, you can't let him control you like that. Just come with me. We can figure this out together."

She shook her head again and grabbed my hand. "My sweet sweet boy, I am going to be okay. You have a chance to make things right, John. I want you to go make the right choices. I need you to be happy. It's all I have ever wanted for you."

"You heard what he said. He's making me choose. What the hell am I going to do?"

"Just do what your heart tells you. I should have done that a long time ago. I just didn't have the nerve." She squeezed my hand and I got up and kissed her head.

"I am calling you later to check on you. Keep your phone close, Mom."

When I walked out of there, my shoulders were heavy with fear. Charlie's future was in my hands and I knew that no matter what choice I made, someone was going to get hurt. Now it was just a matter of doing what was right.

Chapter 27

Charlie

I was trying not to lose my mind, but I'd never been so scared before. I wasn't just responsible for myself anymore; I had Ryan to think about. It made me feel so much better to have Jammer by my side, even if I still was sad about him lying to me. I'd made the decision to follow my heart and when I did it made me happy. Jammer loved me and I knew that I wanted him through the good times and bad.

It was days like today that I appreciated having Shaun as an employee. He was a good reliable worker who always showed up and did his best. He kept the kitchen clean and organized. I was grateful to have him, even though Jammer thought he was a klutz. Shaun had more tattoos than Jammer and his were more homemade done, where Jammer's were beautiful.

I know he'd told me to wait for him to do the weekly inventory, but I had already started when he walked in the door. I threw him a big smile, but immediately I could tell that something was wrong. He didn't smile back at all.

I watched my boyfriend approach me. His dark hair was disheveled and I couldn't help but want to run my hands through it. He leaned down and kissed me when he got close enough. "Hey, baby. How's it going here?"

I was too concerned about what happened with his dad. "Spill. Good or bad, I still want to hear."

He grabbed a shot glass and filled it with Jack. After downing two, while I stared at him, he turned to look at me again. "I really don't want to talk about it. My father is a f**king ass**le who obviously only cares about himself."

"That bad?"

"Let's just say that if he could control every part of my life, he would. It's fine, I will find another way to come up with the money." I could tell he was extremely irritated and he didn't want to talk about it. I was disappointed, but there was nothing I could do about it.

I reached my arms around his waist and hugged him tightly. "I love you, Jammer. Thanks for trying."

"You're welcome. I'm just sorry it didn't work."

"So what are we going to do now?" There had to be something.

"Rob a bank?" I moved out of his arms and looked at him with a shocked face. He grabbed me and pulled me into him. "Charlie, I was kidding. I know I look tough, but damn woman, I'm not a criminal."

I started laughing out of pure relief. "Maybe we should just look for apartments."

Jammer looked as upset as I felt about having to leave. Ryan had only ever lived here and it was the first place in a very long time to make me feel happy. I think Jammer understood more than anyone how much I was growing accustom to being here. At times I didn't think it was appropriate, but we made it work.

"I hate that my dad is deciding the fate of this place." He shook his head when he said it.

"I could ask Elle. Maybe her father could give me a loan." They had the money.

He filled the shot glass up one more time and downed it. "You might have to."

So, after calling Elle and setting up a convenient time for her parents to have a meal with me, I got dressed in my best outfit and headed to their elite community located in Montgomery County. Ryan had opted to stay with Jammer and I was more than fine with that decision. I couldn't deal with my outbursts of emotions when I begged with everything I had for help.

Elle's home was like an apartment complex compared to its size. Going inside seemed even bigger, with its cathedral ceilings and marble floors. Her father was some kind of scientist for Johns Hopkins and her mother was a neonatal doctor. Sometimes I wondered were Elle had gotten her brain from, considering she was always so flighty.

I'd met these people a few times, but this visit was beyond awkward. Asking someone that you really don't know for fifty grand isn't exactly a friendly kind of meet.

We sat down in a white decorated living room and when I say white, I mean everything in the room was some hue of white. I felt like I looked filthy as I sat down on one of the plush couches. Elle's dad was a nice looking man. I would guess he was in his forties. His hair was starting to gray on the sides, but the rest remained a brown in color. He was wearing business attire, but had loosened his tie and unbuttoned his shirt two buttons.

Her mother sat next to him, in her suede pants and blouse. Her hair looked like it was fake it was so beautiful. She motioned the butler to come in and serve us drinks right before we started talking. I felt so out of place, sitting there with them. Elle had told me that it was worth a try, but she hadn't sounded convincing when I arrived. I also couldn't stand how she still called him Daddy. It reminded me of something inappropriate, but maybe it was just my own issues with my father that made me think out of the box.

"How have you been Charlene?" Elle's mother asked. Apparently they felt that Charlie wasn't an appropriate name for a lady. Since I'd never considered myself a proper lady, it didn't really offend me. I liked my name.

"Well, I'm sure Elle had told you that things have been hard for me. I inherited a bar and the apartment upstairs, but unfortunately the debt that came with it. The bank contacted my lawyers and I have thirty days to come up with the past due amount in full. That's actually why I'm here. I don't have family to ask, or else I would have gone to them. Would you be willing to offer me a personal loan?" I rambled all of that so fast that I wondered if they even got half of what I said. I was just so nervous.

Elle's father leaned his elbows on his knees and looked right at me. "Charlene, how much do you need?"

I looked down at the plush carpet and closed my eyes. "Fifty thousand dollars."

When I didn't hear anything at first, I opened my eyes and looked at the man. He sat up straight and shook his head. "That's an awful lot of money. Even if I didn't have my money tied up in investments, I don't see how I could be willing to risk that type of loan. Friend or not, that's just too much, dear."

My heart was breaking just knowing that they were my last resort. "I understand." I started to cry. It wasn't so they would reconsider; it was because I felt my world crashing down on me. "I just don't know what to do. It's not just my job, it's where we live. That place means everything to my little brother." I stood up and shook his hand. "I won't stay and impose on you any longer. Please don't think badly of me for asking you. My desperate attempts were only out of love for that little boy."

Her mother stood up and tried to call me back. "Charlene, wait dear. Just stay for dinner, love."

I kept walking. I had humiliated myself and just wanted to leave.

Elle followed behind me but I didn't turn around until I reached my car. She pulled me into her arms. "Charlie, I am so sorry. I knew it was going to be too much for them to consider. Maybe I can get them to do it. I can beg Daddy to do it for me. Maybe I can get him to take it from my trust."

I shook my head. "It's okay. It's inevitable actually. I need to just suck it up and start preparing myself to move somewhere else. Jammer said he can make enough to get us started until we both found real jobs. As long as I have him, it makes things easier."

She pulled away from me and leaned against my car. "He really seems like he's changed you. Aside from this mess you are going through, you seem happy. I never thought you'd be fighting for that bar."

"I love him, Elle."

Her eyes got really big. I'd already filled her in on everything with his name and his parents, but I hadn't admitted how deep my feelings were for him. "Wow. I never thought I would hear you say that about a guy. He must be hung like a horse."

I punched her lightly in her arm. "Shut up! It's not about the sex."

"But I know it must be good. Come on, spill it."

I smiled and could feel my cheeks getting red. "It's intense. Every single time, it's just really intense. I feel so connected to him."

"Well, you did say that you knew him when you were little."

I ran my hands through my hair and wiped my eyes. "I don't remember him like he remembers me. He just feels familiar, if that makes sense."

"Yeah, I guess. So, are you like going to get married and shit?"

Elle cracked me up how she just came out with ridiculous questions. "No, we are content with how things are right now. Neither one of us has had a real relationship, so we need time to grow as a couple before we go to that level. Right now, he loves me and he loves Ryan. That's really what is important."

She held her arms up and hugged me again. "I love you too, Charlie. If you need anything, well, besides fifty grand, just call me. I will drop anything to be there for you, chick."

"I love you too, Elle. Thank you for trying to help. I will call in a couple of days. Maybe you can go apartment shopping with me."

I climbed in my car and started the ignition. She leaned inside. "Seriously girl, I could hook you up with a stylish pad."

I rolled my eyes and pulled out of her development.

When I pulled onto the main road, I started to cry again. After pulling over to the side of the road, I turned off my car and started to cry. I didn't know how I was going to get through this. If it weren't for Jammer, I don't know how I would do it. I was so thankful he was in my life.

While sitting there, my phone started to ring. His picture flashed on the screen and I calmed myself down enough to answer.

Hello?

Hi, baby. I just wanted you to know that Ryan has had his dinner. He's in the back watching cartoons. Do you think you'll be home before seven?

I'm on my way now. They couldn't help me. I started crying again.

Are you alright to drive?

Yeah, I'm pulled over.

Just come home. I can manage the bar tonight, if you need the break. Be careful, Charlie.

I'll see you soon.

I let myself calm down before I pulled off the shoulder and started driving again. All I wanted to do was fall into Jammer's arms. I felt like if he held me, it would take away all of my pain, at least temporarily.

Chapter 28

Jammer

The conversation with my father was weighing heavily on me, especially since Charlie had struck out getting help from her rich friend's family. I was really counting on my mother to be of some assistance to us, but from the likes of her this morning, I doubted if she was going to be able to get through to my father. We had thirty days to figure out a way to make fifty grand. I was good for maybe five and if I went out on the road, I may have been able to pull ten grand in a good month, but that was being optimistic. Playing guys for big money, usually meant better players. Even if we had a fundraiser or some kind of big event, it wasn't going to bring in the amount of money we needed to buy off my damn father.

When Charlie walked in the door, I could tell she'd been crying. Her makeup was smeared and her eyes were all red. Aside from her being upset, she was still the sexiest thing I'd ever laid eyes on. I loved her wavy chestnut hair and the way she swayed her hips when she walked. Today Charlie didn't have that sexy walk. She sulked her way behind the bar and pretty much fell into my arms. I pulled her into my chest and kissed the top of her head. Her shampoo smelled sweetly familiar and I loved that I knew exactly what the inside of her shower looked like. It was little things like that to remind me of how special she was to me.

"It's going to be alright."

She shook her head, but kept it against my chest. "It's really not. I don't know what else to do. The bank won't give me any money. There was no life insurance money left after the medical bills. I have no friends or wealthy relatives that are willing to fork out fifty g's. I just don't have any more options."

I pushed her away and ran my hands through my hair. "God, I f**king hate that man. How could he continue to do this? I'm his f**king son. Has he no shame for who he hurts?"

"So he just flat out said no?"

I couldn't tell her what he really said. I couldn't break her heart again. "Pretty much."

"What if I went to see him? Maybe if he talked to me, he would change his mind. I didn't even know Joe. In fact, I had nightmares about him until...well, until you moved in with me. I guess you made me feel safe."

I was flattered that I could take away something so dreadful for Charlie. If I could make sure she never felt pain for the rest of her life, I would. Now that my father was being such a thoughtless dick, I wanted to fight for Charlie even more.

" I guess we both have Daddy issues."

"Yeah, except I am actually considering f**king killing my bastard father. I swear, if I ever have a kid there is no damn way I could ever act that way to them. How could a parent want to sabotage their kid's life and feel good about themselves every day?"

She grabbed a beer and handed it to me. "Don't go murdering anyone on my account."

"Yeah, I couldn't go through with it, well, I don't think I could. I'm telling you, he really pissed me off. You would think after six f**king years he would have at least been cordial to me. No, everything is about business. He has no f**king soul."

She started walking away from me, grabbing a couple glasses to clean in the sink. "You don't have to cuss about it to me. I think your father is a grade A douche."

If she knew what he expected me to do, she would want him to be murdered, but I wasn't going to worry her with that. I wasn't going to let my father rip us apart. "Charlie, maybe you should try to sell the tavern. I know you don't want to, but you could walk away with something to start a new venture with. Screw my father and his f**king lien. It's all bullshit anyway. For all we know, it never even existed until he wanted it to. I'm asking you to take a leap with me, Charlie. Let's just leave and go somewhere new."

"It's not that easy. It would go against my credit if I couldn't sell it and walked away. We'd never be able to rent an apartment or buy a house. We have to think about this and not make compulsive decisions, no matter how good they sound."

I walked over and grabbed her hand. "Charlie, I'll do whatever you want. Just think about my offer. We could just leave and take Ryan somewhere nice. We could have a yard for him to play in."

She smiled and looked down at our hands that were laced together. "You'd really want to settle down like that with me?"

I let go of her hand and reached up to cup her face. "Yeah, I really do, but only if it's with you. I'm not saying we have to rush into that paper commitment, neither of us are ready for that label, but I know when I am ready, it's going to be with you."

"You're being really sappy. I hope my badass boyfriend is still somewhere in there. I like how he gets in the bedroom."

I reached around and stuck my hand down the back of her jeans, cupping her bare ass. "Don't worry, he's never too far away."

She giggled and reached up to kiss me. It started out slow, but soon intensified. Unfortunately, I felt someone patting on my leg. "Jammer, I want to shoot pool now. You said when Charlie got back we could."

I pulled away from my beautiful girlfriend and threw the little four year old over my shoulder. He started laughing as I carted him toward the billiards lounge.

After a few games he started yawning and I knew Charlie would want him to go get ready for bed. He wasn't too happy that I cut our playtime short, but his sister came and snatched him up anyway and took him upstairs. She didn't come back down for almost an hour and when she did a couple patrons had come in. I gave her a sexy eyed look and she rolled her eyes. A couple girls were sitting at the end of the bar and they were eying me up more than I wanted to know about. It was obvious that they were looking me up and down and talking about me. I'd never seen Charlie act jealous, but she had enough to worry about, so I continued to ignore the girls. Unfortunately, they got louder as the time went by and soon they were calling me 'sexy' and slipping me notes on napkins. While being a bartender, you get your fair share of women hitting on you. In my experience, it was always better for business to flirt back. Still, I didn't want Charlie to assume that it was ever more than just business. When I served the ladies their next drink, one of them grabbed my arm and they both began tracing over my tattoos.

"Oh my God, look at his arm, Traci." The one girl continued to hold onto my arm.

The other one started to giggle and shove up my other sleeve. "Ever had a threesome?"

I let out a chuckle. Sure, I'd had a bunch of experiences under my belt, but I didn't want Charlie dwelling on them. None of them had meant a damn thing to me, so it wasn't even worth bringing up. "If I told you I'd have to kill you" I winked and pulled my arms away from the two chicks. For the rest of the night I avoided that end of the bar. They finally got up and paid the tab. Of course they didn't leave without passing me their numbers. I left them on the counter for only a second to put the money in the register and in that time Charlie had walked up and grabbed them. She held them up in the air. "Are these yours babe?"

I smiled and shook my head. "So, you call me babe, when other women want me?"

She shrugged and tossed them in the trash. "Maybe."

I walked up close to her, almost to where our lips were touching. "They didn't have shit on you, not even both of them together."

She pushed me away and kept smiling. "You're sick!"

"Hey, it's the truth." I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her into my chest. "This perfect ass is what I dream about at night. I picture your plump lips around my dick and your titties bouncing all around my face. I wake up all hard and ready to fill you with my love juice."

Her eyebrow cocked up and she shook her head. "Love juice?"

"Yeah, you know how it is. Stop denying your addiction to my penis. It's not healthy to lie."

Charlie's head flew back as she continued to laugh at my sarcasm. I loved making her smile, she was so beautiful.

"I think I just threw up in my mouth." She pushed away from me and started cleaning up.

I waited until she made it to the other end of the bar, where the last two men sat finishing their beers. "Yeah, we'll see who's begging for it later."

In time, the guys finally left and Charlie and I closed up the bar. I threw her over my shoulder and carried her halfway up the steps. I only let her down because she was kicking all around and I thought I was going to drop her. Once we got into the bedroom, I watched her toss off her shirt. She threw it in my direction, hitting me in the face. As I ripped it away from my view I noticed she was kicking off her pants and walking slowly toward the bathroom. I licked my lips just thinking about all the places I wanted my mouth to be. "Are you coming or not?"

"Oh, we're both going to be coming." I started stripping as I made my way to the bathroom.

There were two things that I loved in life. One was the game of billiards and the other was Charlie. With time being the most crucial part of our lives, we needed to decide what we were going to do.

The only problem with me focusing on our problems was the fact that my hot ass girlfriend was climbing into the shower buck ass naked waiting for me to join her. Since I hated to see her sad, I chose to join her.

I think I was rock hard before the warm water hit my skin. Charlie had her arms up while she lathered up her hair. I ran my hands up her wet back and then back down to her slippery ass. I sat my chin down on her shoulder and kissed her neck. My hands lingered up her abdomen then straight to her br**sts. I ran my fingers across each of her ni**les, getting them hard as the water stamped down over us. Charlie rubbed her butt against my erection, letting me know she was ready and willing. She didn't have to tease me. I ran one of my fingers down her little ass crack until I reached her pu**y. I rubbed against her smooth lips until my fingers slid into her hot entrance. She continued to grind her ass into me as I teased her clit with my fingertips.

The more she pressed that fine ass up against me, the more I couldn't mess around any longer. My dick was throbbing and there was only one place it needed to be. I spun Charlie around and met her lips with mine. Her hands ran up my chest, while I wrapped my arms around to her ass and picked her up. I pushed her up and against the shower wall and lowered her until I was able to slide right inside. Charlie cried out when I first began to pump myself inside of her. She wrapped her legs around my back and her arms around my neck. The friction was harder under the constant stream of the water, but it made it feel better. The longer I thrust myself into her, the faster my release was coming. The moment she cried out and I felt her inner walls pushing me out, I lost it and let myself finish. I pressed her hard against the shower wall as I halted my pace and focused in those final moments of bliss.

I let Charlie down slowly, still kissing her on the lips while I did it. "Damn woman, you got me all worked up."

She laughed and finished washing her body, like we had not just done what we did. I leaned against the shower, still trying to catch my breath, while I watched her lathering up her body. She shook her head. "You ready for round two?"

I sighed and slapped her on the ass. "Stop teasing me, or tonight will be the night where I set a new record."

With a towel wrapped around her body she leaned against the bathroom wall. "Record for what?"

"For how many times I can make you come in one night." Oh yeah, it was going to be a long night.

Chapter 29

Charlie

I woke up on Jammer's side of the bed, naked and wrapped in his arms. His bright colored tattoos covered my arms, leaving me unable to get up without waking him. My back was to his chest and he snored softly into my hair. This position could have been portrayed as uncomfortable, but for me, it was heavenly. I'd never felt more safe then when I was in this position. My past and all of the suffering went away as soon as I felt those arms wrapping around me.

My dreams had stopped. I don't know whether it was the fact that I had Jammer, or that I'd learned so much more about my real father. It could also be the fact that for the first time, I'd found a real home. My little brother, who I couldn't imagine raising at first, had become the single most important thing in my life. Every single day that child made me smile. I was completely in love with him and adored being his sister. Sure, I'd had several foster families with children, but this was my blood sibling. Nothing could tear that apart. No matter where we were, we'd always have that connection.

Since I had to pee terribly, I slowly worked my way out of Jammer's arms. He reached for me, but I kept scooting until I made it off the bed. "Come back," he whined.

"I have to go to the bathroom." I didn't wait to hear what he said, because I was about to pee down my leg. Since I was in the bathroom, I decided to brush my hair and teeth before climbing back into bed. He knew what I did and shook his head.

"Why do you always do that? I love your morning hair. It's all eighties hair band looking. It makes me want to crank up Bon Jovi and play the air guitar."

I cuddled back up into his arms and felt his erection pressing against my ass. "Seriously, I think you remain hard all of the time."

He ran his hands up my sides, giving me goose bumps until he reached my br**sts. "When you're naked, I'm hard."

"I guess I better start wearing footed pajamas," I teased.

He drug his teeth over the center of my back. "I'd find the zipper, expose your br**sts and then get hard. Stop arguing with me. It makes my dick harder."

I started to giggle and turned my body back around to face him. "Can we just stay in bed all day?"

Jammer ran his hands through my long hair. "A much as I would like that, there is your brother that we have to feed and make sure he doesn't climb out windows or watch p**n ."

I buried my head in his chest and lightly slapped him. "Eww that is my little brother you're talking about."

He started laughing. "Yeah, but he's got to learn sometime. How do you think I learned?"

I put my hands over my ears so I couldn't hear him continue to creep me out. I didn't want to picture a little boy watching dirty movies and touching himself. I mean, I know it was going to be inevitable, but I didn't want to think about it until my brother was at least a little bit older. "I'm not removing my hands until you promise not to talk about that anymore."

When I felt Jammer grab the covers and pull them over my back, I knew it was because my brother had walked into the bedroom. "Hey, buddy."

He climbed up on the bed and wedged himself between us. Being that neither of us were dressed, I kept the covers pulled tight under my arms. "Charlie, my belly hurts."

I reached up and touched his forehead and he was burning up. Jammer saw my concern and slid a pair of underwear under the covers. I kept Ry's attention while he pulled them on and climbed out of the bed. He went right into the kitchen and grabbed the thermometer and Tylenol, then came back in and grabbed him so that I could get dressed.

I threw on a pair of Jammer's sweats and a t-shirt and ran out to be with them.

He had Ryan on the counter with the thermometer in his mouth. When it beeped I pulled it out to see that his temperature was one hundred and four. Panic came over me when I thought about what to do next. "We need to call the doctor!"

Jammer handed me the phone and the magnet off the fridge with the number to my brother's pediatrician. After freaking out to someone who was obviously just a medical receptionist, we had an appointment with the doctor. Jammer held a rag on my brother's head while I managed to put some of my own clothes on, not that it mattered because as soon as I went to check on him, he projectile vomited all over the front of me. The smell filled my nostrils and I made a dash for the hall bathroom to vomit myself.

About ten minutes later, I came out of my room changed and found that Jammer had cleaned up the puke on the floor and was sitting on the couch with a bucket in one hand and my brother in his other arm. He looked up at me and started laughing. "Wow, I never saw you run so fast."

"Shut up! I have a weak stomach."

"Maybe you're pregnant." He threw me a wink.

I was speechless. How could he even joke about something like that? "You aren't funny!"

He rubbed my brother's head. "Would you be happy if your sister had a baby?"

He was so lethargic, but nodded his head up and down anyway.

I rolled my eyes and grabbed the car keys off the counter. Jammer ran into the bedroom and in the matter of time it took me to get a jacket on my brother, he was changed and had shoes on. "You ready?"

"You're coming too?"

He grabbed the keys out of my hand and picked up Ryan. "Yeah, why wouldn't I? Who's going to help the kid when he starts to puke and you follow suit?"

I smiled and followed behind him. When we walked past the bar I grabbed a plastic bag, just in case he had to puke again.

The doctor visit turned out to make me look like a worry wart. Apparently my brother had a virus that was going around and it included a high grade fever. After his second dose of Tylenol, it was down and he was fine. The doctor ordered us to keep him on a liquid diet until we were sure that he could keep what he ate down.

Jammer offered to take turns with me so that we could open the bar and manage the lunch rush. Since Shaun was running the kitchen, it was easy for just one of us to be downstairs. I think Jammer liked it because every day he would watch the billiards competitions on television while he worked. If he was upstairs, he'd have to watch whatever my brother wanted. As much as Ryan wanted to play pool with Jammer, he didn't exactly find watching an hour long pool event the same kind of exciting.

Jammer had taken the first round of working the bar and I hadn't even planned on falling asleep, but was woken up to his kisses. "Charlie, wake up, sexy," he whispered.

I opened my eyes and looked over at the opposite end of the couch where my brother was still asleep.

Once we got into the bedroom he plopped down onto the bed. "It was busy as shit earlier. I think everyone in town came to get drunk on their lunch break."

"Maybe they just heard about the awesome bartender the new owner hired." I climbed on top of his back and kissed his ear.

He kept his face buried in the blankets. "You didn't hire me. I hired myself."

I rolled my eyes. "How could I forget? I mean, you were the biggest ass**le I'd ever met."

"You act like you weren't at all a total bitch." He leaned up on his elbow and flicked one of my ni**les.

"Ouch, don't do that."

"Let's have sex." He sat up and tugged at my shirt.

I pulled it back down. "Seriously, my brother is in the other room."

He let out a chuckle as he pulled my ass in his direction. "Just bend over."

I laughed as I pulled out of his arms and jumped off the bed. I pointed in his direction. "You need to buy a damn magazine or something."

He rolled over on his back and kept laughing. "Baby, they don't work after being with you. Nothing compares."

I could feel the burning in my cheeks after he made the comment. I knew I made him horny, but I never thought it was like that. "I don't know what to say to that."

"You don't need words." He came up behind me and tugged down my pants. I tried to pull away, but I was giggling too hard.

"At least let me close the door, you freak."

He held onto my hips and walked me over to the door, with my pants down around my ankles. As soon as I clicked the lock, he stepped on my pants and removed them from my feet. With one of his hands, his pushed me over so that I could touch my feet. I felt his fingers sliding down my ass until he reached my pu**y from behind. I kept my body completely bent over by grabbing the back of my knees. It must have spread my ass more, because I heard him moan as he took a hand and rubbed it all over both of my cheeks. "This is the best f**king ass on the planet."

The blood was rushing to my head, but when I felt him slide inside of me, I forgot all about being uncomfortable. I grabbed the wall as he pushed his length all the way inside of me. In my mind, I pictured it going in and out of me and the sensations were already building up.

"God, I love f**king you. Tell me you like it." He kept up his pace as he waited for me to reply.

I felt his hand reach up my shirt and grab at my breast right before I attempted to answer him. "I love it. I love how you make me feel."

"Oh yeah, baby, I know you do."

Sure, he was cocky, but it's what made me so hot for him. I loved when he talked dirty and wanted quickies at random times of the day. It made my heart beat fast and my mind fill with satisfaction. This handsome man that was grinding his hard erection deep inside of me was as crazy about me as I was him. He kept going faster until I felt him grab my hips and turn me around against the wall. "I need to look at you."

"Take me to the bed and do whatever you want with me." He picked me up and carried me over to the bed, where he laid me down and climbed over top of me. I felt him penetrating me again and it was at that moment where my release came. It overwhelmed me, sending me into a euphoric moment that I didn't want to come down from. His kisses covered my neck as he grinded his body into mine. I moved my hips to match his rhythm and when he started going faster, I knew he was about to release. Jammer buried his head into my neck and sucked hard on my skin as he jerked just a few more times before letting his body collapse over mine.

The extra weight of him was shifted off of me as he rolled me over top of him. He kissed the base of my head. "I really love you."

I giggled. "I really love you too."

He placed little kisses on and around my lips. "No, you don't get it. For the first time in my life, I know what I want. Finding you was the best f**king thing to happen to me. I just want you to be happy too. What if you lose this place, Charlie? Hypothetically, if being without me could save the tavern, what would you choose?"

I wondered if this was some kind of emotional conversation that sometimes happened after intercourse. "Why would you even ask me that?"

"Never mind, it doesn't even matter."

I wanted to know what he meant, but I looked over at the clock and realized it was after ten at night. "Oh my God, I slept that long?"

He smiled and pulled me closer to him. "We were slow, so I just closed up early. I figured you could use the night off."

"What would I do without you?"

"I guess you'd be sex deprived and overworked." His sarcasm was on overdrive.

"Seriously, you don't know how much I appreciate you, Jammer. Without you, I would be so lost."

It was true. We were such a great team. If I ever lost him, I don't know what I would do.

"Why don't you go back to sleep. I'm going to go watch some television and check on the kid."

He kissed me and headed out into the living room. As funny as he was trying to be, I couldn't help but get the feeling that there was something bothering him; something that he didn't want me to know.

Chapter 30

Jammer

When Charlie never came downstairs to switch with me, I knew she must have been sleeping or dealing with Ryan, so I just worked the rest of the night myself. We weren't busy anyway, so it wasn't that big of a deal. Granted, my desperate attempt to be with Charlie was out of guilt I was feeling about being able to save her from losing the tavern. At first, I wanted to tell her, but out of my own selfishness I just couldn't deal with the thought of giving her up. I guess in many circumstances people sacrificed what they loved for their loved one's happiness every day. Still, every single time I looked at Charlie, I knew it was the only way out of this situation.

As painful as it was, I focused on a plan and knew what I was going to do. I would have to suck up the pain and pretend that it wasn't bothering me. Every single touch, every single kiss, kept making me fall more in love with her.

Leaving Charlie was going to rip out my heart.

While she slept, I started writing her a note. I tossed the first twenty in the trash bin, before finally taking a few deep breaths and regaining my composure. Just writing down the words goodbye seemed impossible. I contemplated asking her to wait for me until my father kicked the bucket, but it was seemingly obvious that he would probably outlive the both of us for spite.

It was inevitable that my time with Charlie was limited. I wanted to savor every single second, but at the same time, it made it harder to walk away.

With her brother being sick, I had made a few calls and begged Shaun to take on more hours when I left. Telling him was like sealing the deal of my leaving, since he and I didn't always see eye to eye. I knew he would be dying to spill the secret to Charlie, before I was able to actually leave.

I guess my decision was made the second that I knew I had no other choice. Seeing that billiard commercial gave me the idea. Since I watched billiards on television while I worked, they always listed the upcoming events. I knew when it was held every year, but since I had been living the lifestyle I was living, it was easy to just not acknowledge it. Still, when I heard how much the winner would receive, it changed everything. I knew my father would not settle until Charlie lost everything. No matter how I tried to play it out in my head, she was always the one to suffer. The plan I had concocted in my head would initially be painful, but Charlie would come out with her tavern, and if I won, she would get to have a future with me, if she still wanted it.

Yes, it was painful and nerve wracking, and when I thought about losing her, it would be difficult to see through. I'd meant to do it when I closed up for the night, but I couldn't say goodbye without touching her and holding her again. For the first time in my adult life, I wanted to cry. In such a short time, Charlie had become everything to me. The actual chances of me winning a billiards competition were so slim, but it was a risk I would have to take.

Since I'd only come with a small amount of things, it was easy to pack up without her noticing. If I left something it would just be a reminder to her, so I really did try to collect all of my belongings.

My letter was meant to be short, but the more I tried to write goodbye, the more difficult it became to find the words to create the closure that I needed her to have.

Since Charlie didn't know about my father's ultimatum, she would believe that me leaving was for real and that I had changed my mind about being in a committed relationship. I needed her to believe it, because my father was no fool. He would make sure that me leaving wasn't a ploy to beat him at his own game. I had to make sure that everyone, including Charlie, really believed I left her.

After having sex and doing a couple things around the house, I kept her close to my body. When she finally fell asleep was when I let my emotions really get to me. She was warm against my skin but I felt cold knowing this could be the last time I ever held her. If I didn't come up with that fifty grand our relationship couldn't be. Sure, we could move away, but my father would stop at nothing to keep us apart. He was an arrogant man that had to be in control. If I could have changed my name, I would have, just to get away from him. Hell, I'd even considered faking our own deaths to escape his controlling demeanor. As cool as that played out in my mind, it wasn't exactly possible without some kind of illegal connections.

I got up early the next morning and brewed Charlie's coffee for her. I'd carried Ryan to his room in the middle of the night, right before heading back to bed, so I leaned against the counter and quietly tried to think of reasons why I shouldn't be going through with my plan.

Charlie was the most important thing in my life. It was no longer about pool, or who I was going to hustle for the win. It was about giving her everything I possibly could, which included her family's business. I sat the letter next to the coffee pot and looked into the bedroom where she still lay asleep. She looked so peaceful and happy. This was the day where she would feel the most pain. By tomorrow she would hate me and hopefully in time she would have the strength to move on. Of course, I wanted to believe I could win that money, but it was farfetched and more of a dream that I couldn't get her excited about.

As I exited the building, I looked back at the door I had walked through so many times before. It was by far the hardest thing I had ever had to do. I wasn't just going to miss Charlie; I was going to miss Ryan. I wanted to teach him about pool, just like his dad had taught me. I wanted him to know that I'd always be there if he needed to have a guy talk. I wanted him to know that I would do anything for his sister and that even when he grew up and went out on his own, she would always be taken care of.

But...I couldn't tell him, because I knew it just wasn't possible.

I could have sworn that Joker or maybe even her mother was giving me signs to turn back around and just stay. The door wouldn't lock when I went to leave. It took me ten minutes to get it to work. When I got to my car, I couldn't get my key out of the door and then my car wouldn't start.

I loved Charlie, I knew that, but I didn't realize what loving her would feel like when I walked away. My first inclination was to drive to my father's place of business and beat him to death. I filled my heart with rage to avoid feeling the guilt and pain. My chest felt tight the farther I got from the tavern. I beat my hands against the steering wheel, finally allowing myself to see what a mistake I'd made. There was no way in hell that I was going to win that tournament. Signing up was going to cost me everything.

Sadly, I continued to drive away from Charlie and our life together, until I reached the lawyers office. They were more than surprised to see me walking through the door like they hadn't been searching for me for months. In a matter of fifteen minutes, I was signing over my share of ownership to Charlie and Ryan.

When I walked out of there, I knew exactly where I was going next. My father needed to know that I'd left her. The sooner the better.

I wanted that bastard to know exactly what he was taking away from me and that he was dead to me. I never wanted to see him again and I would not even attend his funeral when his sorry ass died. He didn't deserve to be a parent to any child.

When I looked down to check my phone, I knew that Ryan would be awake, which meant Charlie had read my letter. I had no calls on my cellphone, but it was because I asked her to never try to call me again.

I pulled over and parked the car in front of my father's office. As I climbed out; I cracked my knuckles and prepared for what I was willing to do. I'm glad I never owned a gun, because if I did, I would be in jail by nightfall. He had taken away my future, my heart and all hopes of ever finding happiness. I wanted him to pay.

I found him in the back office talking to someone who was sitting with their back turned to me. When he saw me barge in, he stood up. "Marcus, I'd like you to meet my son."

I looked at the man, who turned around and noticed he was one of the goons that had tried to break into the tavern when I had first got back into town. "Are you f**king kidding me?" I looked at my father and waited for him to respond. When he cocked his eyebrow, but said nothing, I took it upon myself to reiterate. "This mother f**ker tried to break into the tavern." I pointed to the dickhead. "You have two seconds to get the f**k out of my face before I pummel you into the concrete wall."

He turned to look at my father and shook his head as he walked out of the office door.

"Son, what is this visit about? I think you need to learn business etiquette." He crossed his arms.

"I wouldn't ever want to learn jack shit from you. I came to tell you that I signed over my quarter ownership and walked away from Charlie. I hope your f**king happy for ruining my life. I'm out of here!"

I went to leave, but heard him talking and froze. I didn't turn around to face him though. "One day you will thank me."

"I wouldn't thank you if you saved me from being hit by a f**king train." I turned around and looked right at him. "I despise you. You don't even know what love is, you common bastard. I hate you so much!"

"You think your mother is so innocent. For all I know, you could be Joe's son. How would it make you feel to have f**ked your own sister?"

A knot dropped in the pit of my stomach and I felt like I was going to vomit. It had to be a lie. She couldn't be my sister. There was no way. "You lie!"

"Before you accuse me of being so horrible, I think you need to ask your mother for the truth. I caught them together. Don't tell me that I don't know. Why do think you feel so connected to her? Think about it, son."

Did he just call me son after saying he wasn't my father?

I walked up closer to him. "You're not worth the breath." I spit right in my father's face and walked out of the building. Feeling sickened over his confession about Charlie and I being related. I needed to visit with my mother, before I left town.

Chapter 31

Charlie

After a long night of love making, I woke up to being alone in bed. It was never a big concern because Jammer was always out doing something with my little brother. I got up like I normally did, first going into the bathroom and brushing my teeth, before making my way into the kitchen.

Jammer always made coffee in the morning. It was something that I appreciated so much. I think he just hated the fact that I was such a grump without it. Ryan was on the couch watching cartoons and I smiled as I headed straight for a clean cup. It wasn't uncommon for Jammer to have already walked downstairs or gone into his room to change. Yeah, we shared a room, but he kept his things in the back bedroom since I had so much of my own.

When I got to the kitchen and saw the folded up piece of paper, I thought nothing of it. Figuring that he probably had something to do, I continued to make my coffee. Looking back, I guess I should have known that there was something wrong. I mean, my life didn't exactly go as planned, but still, I wanted to think that Jammer and I would be together to see things through. After all, I was completely in love with him. The things that my heart made me feel for Jammer were so intense. He owned every single inch of my body and I wanted to be with him completely. Aside from giving me hope, he'd given me the missing piece of the family that I had so long desired. His compassion and heart, that he kept hidden inside of his rough and tattooed looking appearance, was the most intense thing I'd ever experienced. Even before I knew him, there was probably some kind of spark between us.

I looked over at my brother watching television. He loved his cartoons and I wondered if Jammer had turned them on before he ran his errand. When I thought about him going to see his disgusting father, I grabbed the letter and began to worry. Nothing could have prepared me for what that little white paper held inside of it.

Charlie,

For so long I felt like I was happy with my life. I've drifted around from place to place, never wanting to settle down and change the person that I had become. As you already know, the only reason I came to town was to see your father. I owed him and wanted to give him the thanks he deserved. After meeting you and finding out that you were having trouble, I felt inclined to help you. I'm not going to lie and say that I didn't feel the immediate connection between us. It was intense and I became curious why it was even happening. I don't usually connect with girls, I just f**k them.

So after spending time with you, I thought that maybe we could really be having something. The more time we spent, the more intense my feelings became. Honestly, I tried to fight them, because Charlie, I'm not the kind of guy that settles down and plays house. For what it's worth, I gave it my all. I tried to be happy with the little family scene. But, I guess all good things must come to an end. I can't do this anymore. I can't stay and pretend that I want this kind of future with you or anyone else.

Playing pool is all I've ever been good at, so I figure that this way it is a win win for both of us. Me leaving gives you back full ownership of the tavern. By the time you read this, I will have already been to the lawyer's office and released my quarter ownership to you and Ryan. Please don't try to stop me. I think it's best if this is the last contact we have. I can understand that this is going to hurt your feelings.

I hope one day you can forgive me for giving you false hope. I want you to be happy, Charlie; I just can't be the one to do that for you. Bottom line is, I've been lying to you from the beginning. I knew we would never work out. Like I said before, I'm just not that kind of guy.

I know you're going to question if I ever loved you. Honestly, I don't know what love is. Sure, I had intense feelings, but I think it tells you something if all I wanted to do was walk away.

Take care of yourself, Lena.

My deepest apologies,

John (Jammer)

I think I was already crying when I read the first sentence. This had to be a bad dream. How could something so beautiful not have been real? I felt it. This made no sense.

Was he lying the whole time we were together?

I leaned my body onto the counter top and covered my face with my hands. I couldn't control the tears and sheer emptiness that was overwhelming me. He was gone. He took everything I had felt for him and mimicked it for what? Was this how he lived his life? Did he just travel from place to place seducing women into thinking they were special? It made no sense.

How could I have not known the real him?

More tears came and soon I felt two little arms reaching around me. "What's wrong, Charlie?"

I tried to wipe my eyes, but the tears just kept falling from my eyes. "Jammer's gone."

"Well, when will he be back?" He loved him so much.

I closed my eyes and crouched down to hug my brother. When I pulled away and looked at his face, I knew I had to tell him the truth. "He's...he's not coming back, Ry."

He started to cry immediately. "Charlie, tell him I'm sorry for getting sick. I didn't mean to make him mad. Please tell him I feel better now and he can come home. I won't get sick anymore, I promise."

My poor little brother thought that because he got sick, Jammer had decided to leave. He didn't understand that people would never leave for that reason. "Oh, Ry, he didn't leave because you got sick. He left because..." It was so hard to say out loud. "He left because he didn't love me." More tears fell and I leaned my head on my brother's shoulder.

He rubbed my back like an adult would do. "It's okay, Charlie. I won't ever leave you. I love you."

I cried more. Maybe it was because of Jammer, but part was because I really did have someone that loved me unconditionally. I felt the connection to my brother and knew that it was a real love. Sure, he was a little kid, but we were a family, with or without Jammer. "I love you, too."

I pulled away from him and wiped his eyes, while he tried to wipe mine. I leaned into his little hand on my cheek. "He's going to come back, you know."

He was so confused. "I wish that were the truth, Ry. He says he isn't the kind of guy to live in one place. He likes to travel and we can't do that. You have school and I have to run the tavern." I was trying to assure him that it wasn't because of him.

"Charlie, Jammer is going to come back because he loves you too."

I cried even more. "I wish that were true. Sometimes the person you love doesn't love you back."

He nodded his head. "I know, my mother didn't love me back. She didn't want me."

I was shocked that the little guy felt that way. "Why would you say that?"

He looked down at the floor. "She used to yell it all the time. That's why Daddy made her leave. Daddy always loved me."

I wondered if everything I had ever known about my father wasn't true. Lydia had told me about a completely different person than I knew him to be. "Your Mommy was a fool. Anyone that meets you loves you. I will never ever leave you, Ry. We are a team forever, I promise." I wrapped my arms around my brother and realized that he was hurting just as much as I was. He'd lost everything, but together we could get through it.

"I want Jammer to come back."

I stood up and leaned against the counter. The pain of that letter and the words it contained ripped into my mind again. I wanted to scream out how angry and hurt I felt. Jammer knew all about my life and all that I had lost. How could he think that spending every single second of the last month with me was going to be easy for me to forget? I just wanted to wake up from the nightmare that was obviously my reality.

Knowing that my brother had to go to preschool, I focused on getting him ready. I cried the whole time, while my brother pouted in his own way. I knew he was just as sad. Sure, he didn't feel the connection like I felt to Jammer, but he loved him in his own way. Jammer didn't just walk away from me, he left my brother too. He showed us what it was like to be a family and then he walked away, leaving us even more broken than we were before.

To solidify his actions, he had gone as far as going to the attorney's office and signed over ownership. Then it came to me...

This was all premeditated. He knew he was going to leave me before he did it. He knew last night that he was leaving me, but he still slept with me anyway. Who does something like that?

It took all of my strength to get my brother off to school. I didn't even make it upstairs before I lost it. I slouched down at the base of the stairs and let myself struggle to find meaning to what was going on. For the first time, I had let myself love and for the first time I had hope of a future. That hope was gone and I was left with pain. It was a pain that I swore I'd never let myself feel again. I knew I needed to shut down, but I couldn't. I didn't want to think about the way he touched me, or about the way he always protected me. It killed me to know that I'd given myself to someone that had lied to me the whole time. He was so good at it, to be able to convince me that his feelings were real, when they clearly weren't. He said those words that changed my life. I'd been a fool, to let myself fall so fast for someone that clearly had used me. I shouldn't have been surprised, with our family history the way it was, he probably saw me as a charity case.

I managed to get myself together enough to call Elle. I think she was already running off the campus to her car when she heard me crying. She was sitting in front of me about an hour later. I couldn't talk to her about it, but she held me and let me cry without asking. After she read the letter, she seemed more confused than upset for me. From crying so much, I'd exhausted myself, so Elle suggested I go lie down and let her attempt to work the lunch shift downstairs. Shaun was there for support and I told Elle not to tell him what had happened. I didn't want anyone saying they told me so. I woke up around two and had calmed myself enough to walk downstairs. Halfway down the steps, I met Zach. He pulled me into his arms and carried me back upstairs.

Once he sat me down on the couch, he backed away and waited for me to tell him what was going on. "Elle called me. She told me to get my ass here pronto. What did that f**ker do to you, Charlie? I knew he was trouble. You can't let a guy into your life that fast."

"I know, I mean, I know that now. Oh my God, I messed up so bad. How could I have been so careless?"

He pushed my hair out of my face and tucked it behind my ears, and then he leaned his forehead against mine and kissed it. "I'll stay with you for a couple days until I know you're okay."

I shook my head. "I can't ask you to do that. You can't miss your classes."

"I insist. My schedule is easy this semester and I have straight A's. You're my best friend. No matter what, I have your back."

I reached down and grabbed his hands. "It hurts so much. I feel like I love him even more now that he's gone. Is that possible? I mean, I feel so empty. I just want it to not be real. I want him to walk in that door and hold me like he did every night. How am I ever going to get over this? I don't want to let go, I just can't."

"You're going to be okay."

I shook my head. "No, it's not. I'm never going to be okay. He's all I want but he doesn't want me. I'm never going to forget about him. There was this connection between us. I know it sounds crazy, but it's true. This isn't right. I know he loves me."

"Charlie, don't do this to yourself."

I kept shaking my head. "He has to come back to me. I don't want this without him."

"You're talking like you've been together for years. It was one month."

I got up and started pacing. "No, you don't understand. He called me Lena. He wouldn't have done that if he didn't love me. He's always loved Lena."

Zach looked at me like I was crazy. "Who the hell is Lena?"

"I'm Lena. I'm his Lena."

"Charlie, you're losing your mind."

I sat down in front of him again. "I'm not giving up on him, not when every bone in my body is telling me that something is wrong with all of this. You can tell me that I'm crazy, but I refuse to give up on him."

This couldn't be the end of me and Jammer. It just couldn't be.

Chapter 32

Jammer

It had to be a lie. I just kept telling myself that. There was no way that Charlie could be my sister. As creepy and sick as it sounded to say, I had trouble convincing myself that it was not a possibility.

I knew my mother was home when I saw her car in the driveway. I rang the bell, and was fully prepared to climb over the damn fence. This shit needed to be dealt with immediately.

"Hello?"

"Mom, open the gate."

It began to open and I wedged my way inside of it before it stopped moving. My mother met me at the door and I think she recognized the look on my face as being pissed. I didn't wait to be sitting to talk to my mother. I grabbed her by the arm and swung her around to face me. "Is she my sister?"

Her eyes got real big. "What are you talking about?"

"Charlie, is she my sister?" I stood there staring at her, just waiting for her to give me an answer.

She shook her head from side to side. "Of course not! Why would you even think something like that?"

"Mom is there any way she could be. I need to know. The things I've done...we've been living together as a couple."

She put her hands up and grabbed my arms. "John, there is no way that Charlie is your sister. Come sit down."

I sat down and put my face into my hands. "This is all f**ked up. I'm sorry for the language, but that's what it is. So did dad sleep with Charlie's mother too?"

"Is that what he said?" she crossed her legs and waited for my reply.

"No, he said to ask you. Was Joe my father?" It would have made more sense since I was nothing like my father and Joe and I had so much in common."

"I'm afraid your father has told you another lie. Neither of us had anything to do with Joe or Charlotte until she was already pregnant. They lived in another state. It wasn't until she got pregnant that they moved back. If you are worried about your father being her father, you shouldn't. When Joe found out Charlotte was having the affair, he went behind her back and had Charlie tested. He said he couldn't go another minute not knowing, but it was never your father that he accused of being with his wife. Joe was such a heavy drinker back then, so it didn't surprise us when he accused her of cheating. Listen, it doesn't even matter now, because they are both gone, but Charlie was Joe's daughter."

"Mom, I don't think you understand. Was Joe my father?"

She put her hands over her face. "That son of a bitch implied that? He'd rather you think he wasn't even your father? John, Joe isn't your father. You were planned and no other man had my heart back then. I can assure you that you are no relation to Charlie. By the time that Joe and I were together, you and Charlie had both been born. I never would have let you continue a relationship with her if I thought that for a second. I am telling you that it is not possible."

Relief washed over me. The idea of loving my sister was natural, but having sex with her wasn't exactly okay with me. In fact, it made me feel sick to think about all of the things we had done together.

"It doesn't even matter now. I left her and the kid."

She put her leg down from being crossed and leaned in to grab mine. "What happened? Tell me that your father had nothing to do with it."

I pulled away from my mother and looked toward the window. "We couldn't find a way around saving the tavern. I didn't want her to have to choose me. Taking myself out of the equation gave her and Ryan the tavern. She will own it free and clear. I didn't have a choice."

She got up and started dialing a phone number. I stood up and grabbed the phone out of her hand. "Who are you calling?"

She grabbed her phone, but ended the call. "I was calling your father to let him know what he's done. This has to end, John. I can't take it anymore. I won't let him hurt you this way."

"Mom, I will deal with it my own way. Charlie will be okay. She's strong and she's a survivor. With or without me, I wanted her to be okay. That tavern is a legacy that Joe wanted her to have. I can't let her lose it because of Dad."

"He wanted you to be a part of it too, John." She was crying and I felt bad. It seemed like all I did was make women cry. The sad part was, I was the one keeping my feelings bottled up. I was losing my patience and at some point I would lose my self-control and do something stupid. I needed to get out of town before I went running back to Charlie. She could never know the real reason that I left. If she found out, she would beg me to come back. No, she needed to think I lied about my feelings. She needed to hate me, because in case I didn't win that impossible billiards competition, she needed to move on.

"None of that matters anymore. I can't come up with the fifty grand and I can't sit around and watch Charlie and Ryan lose all they have left." It hurt so much to say her name. By now she would be devastated, probably blaming it all on herself. God, I missed her already. Just thinking that I could never touch her again was killing me inside.

"John, you can't give up your happiness. You have to fight for what you love and don't tell me you don't love that girl. I can see it in your eyes that you are suffering already. That pain isn't going to go away. It's going to linger and intensify. You will lose yourself in angst and shut down. Please reconsider your decision. Go back and tell her the truth."

I shook my head and leaned over to kiss my mother on the forehead. "I'm sorry I stayed away from you for so long. It was never about you. Mom, if you love me like I know you do, please leave him. Take what you can and leave. You know people that will help you get away from him, or you could come with me."

She looked up and smiled. Her hand reached up and touched my cheek. "My sweet son, I do love you so, but I can't leave. This is the life I've chosen. It's not so bad. I just stay away from him and he leaves me alone. You have the chance to be happy. Please, don't throw it away."

I tried to wipe away the regret that I know showed all over my face, but it was an inevitable task. "I'm doing this because I'm in love with her, with them. I need to know they will be happy."

She stood up and hugged me. "I'm so proud of the man you've become."

I pulled away from her and kissed the top of my mother's head. "I appreciate that. Listen, I know I came here ready to battle, but I actually need a favor. I kind of left my stick at the apartment and I'm playing in this big tournament in three weeks. Do you think you could lend me a couple grand? I hate to ask, but I can't go back and pick it up. I can't look her in the eye and will myself to walk away. I think it would be too hard for either of us."

My mother walked into the other room and when she came back out she had her purse. She dug inside of it and pulled out a wallet. "This is a card that your father doesn't know I have. It's for emergencies. I used my maiden name."

I looked down at the card and traced the numbers in my fingers. "Are you sure?"

"Of course." She sighed and closed my hand on the card. "You are my son. The PIN number is your birthday. I want you to be happy. I just wish there was some way I could help you work things out with Charlie. She's good for you."

I shook my head and looked away from her to hide the pain on my face. "If there was a way, I would do it too. I love her and she makes me want to be a different person, but I need her to be happy. It's the most important thing to me."

She shook her head again. "What if her happiness is because of her love for you?"

It was hard to let myself think about that. I hated thinking about Charlie being miserable. The fact that I could be the cause of that pain shattered my heart. "I can't think like that. She has her brother and her business. Dad assured me that if I walked away, the tavern would be hers free and clear. I signed over my share. I did everything he asked. I just need to get the hell out of here."

She put her arm on my shoulder and looked right into my eyes. "I do hope that you keep in touch with me, John. You are the most important person in my life. It was terrible not knowing if you were okay."

The door closing caught our attention. My mother frantically motioned for me to hide and I ran into the other room. Since I was parked out on the street, it wasn't obvious she had company.

"You are never going to guess who paid me a visit." My father's voice filled the room. I ducked back into the kitchen to avoid being seen.

"Did you see John again?" I appreciated my mother keeping me a secret.

"That little bastard is hell bent on saving that damn tavern. Did you put him up to it?"

"No and please don't call him that. He is our son. When are you ever going to be able to treat him the way a father should treat a son?"

I couldn't see either of them, but my father's voice was getting louder. "No son of mine takes up with Joe McNally's daughter."

"This has nothing to do with them and you know it." My mother had changed. She was standing up for herself and I wasn't sure if I needed to be proud of her or afraid.

"It has everything to do with it. If his mother wouldn't have whored herself around with my so called friend none of this would be happening." I clenched my fists and tried to keep my cool while my father started to go off on my mother.

"Maybe if you would have paid more attention to your wife she wouldn't have found comfort in someone else." I heard the slap and didn't hesitate as I lunged my body into my father. We both went flying down on top of the coffee table, causing it to collapse underneath of us. I grabbed the collar to his shirt and yanked him up to be face to face with me. "I did what you asked. Leave her alone," I screamed.

He smiled like he was still in control. "I should have known you'd grown up to be just like your whore of a mother. Just look at the two of you, still in love with the McNally's even though they had nothing to offer you. You're both a disgrace to our family name. Get the hell out of my house, John."

I shoved my father onto the floor as I stood up over top of him. My mother was leaning back against the corner and I pointed toward the steps. "Go pack a bag, Mom. I'm not taking no for an answer. We're done with his shit."

He stood up and brushed off his designer clothes. "You leave with him, you will never come back," he threatened.

I turned toward her again and saw the fear in her eyes. "Mom, go pack now!"

She ran toward the steps before turning back to my father. "You took away my happiness and ruined my life. I signed over the tavern. So help me God, if you don't keep your word and release the lien and I find out you went back on your word, I will kill you myself." I spit on his shiny black shoe and looked right in his face. "You're dead to me."

He held up his arms as I started walking out of the room. "How far do you think you can get with no money? Do you really think your mother can live in a car like her loser son? That bitch has lived like a queen for over twenty years. She can't live without me."

My mother came running down the steps with two large bags. She dropped them at the front door and walked up to my father. With all of her might, she slapped him hard across the face. "Rot in Hell!"

I grabbed her bags and held the door open as she walked out. My father stood in front of the collapsed coffee table. I raised my eyebrow and waved a bag in the air. "Later, f**ker!"

Driving away with my mother in the car was the best feeling that I'd had since leaving Charlie. Sure, I still didn't have a way to be with her yet, but my father had lost the one thing he tried to keep. I wanted him to suffer. It was what he deserved.

Chapter 33

Charlie

Three weeks after Jammer walked out of my door my heart was still torn apart. The harder I tried to be mad and forget about him, the more I wanted him to walk through that door. I knew I was being ridiculous. Maybe it was because it was my first real love. People say that the first love is the hardest to get over, I believe it now.

I waited three days after Jammer left to start calling him. Sometimes I think I just dialed the number to hear his voice on the voicemail. I knew it was a far cry to expect him to actually answer, but I still couldn't help myself. If he was just using me before, then he really hated me now. I was sure by now he had hooked up with his next conquest, probably keeping that relationship short, so he didn't have to deal with the drama that he had with me. Still, I couldn't help but feel like we had something special. I was fully aware that he was gone and not coming back. His letter had made that clear. The fact the he called me Lena seemed to be a far-fetched plea, since I hadn't heard from him one time since finding the letter.

After getting my brother on the bus to preschool, I was off to my appointment at the attorney's office. They claimed they had some new paperwork for me to fill out, but gave me no details. I was positive that it was regarding me not being able to come up with the fifty grand to save the tavern. With Jammer gone, my finances were even worse, considering I had to hire someone new. Sure, I paid Jammer, but he never really took the money. Every single time I counted the register, he had put back what he had earned, or at least half of it. Maybe he did it because he felt sorry for me, but either way, I appreciated the gesture. I was happy that my brother had finally stopped asking when Jammer was coming home. I think every single time I heard it my heart broke again.

The attorney's office wasn't too far of a drive and I hated the atmosphere in the place. For some reason it gave me the creeps. The front desk person saw me to the conference room and asked if I wanted something to drink. To be honest, the last thing I could imagine doing was drinking when I felt like I was about to vomit. My regular attorney walked in with someone I had never even seen before.

"Good morning, Charlene, thanks for coming in today. This shouldn't take too long." He sat down next to the other man and started pulling out stacks of paper and separating them. The other man kept staring at me in this weird way that made me feel uncomfortable. "Okay, this is basically a formality. We just need you both to sign these documents stating that the past due balance was paid in full so we can release the lien on the property. Since John has come in and signed over his ownership, selling the property won't be delayed any longer.

My head snapped in his direction. "John Thomas came in and signed over his ownership? When did he do it?"

He checked a form he had in his hand. "Looks like he did it about three weeks ago."

How much more could he hurt me? Wasn't leaving enough? Did he have to add fuel to the fire and sign over his quarter ownership too? "I see."

The gentleman with the weird stare cleared his throat. "My son didn't want anything to do with that place. He's washed his hands of it. If you don't mind, I'd like to get this settled so I can go about my day."

It wasn't his rude attitude that bothered me. I didn't have to ask who the man was. Just the couple sentences that he'd spoke gave that away. Jammer's father was sitting across from me, looking me over as he destroyed me even more than ever before. I grabbed the stack of papers and a pen. "Who paid the balance?"

Jammer's father leaned over the table and looked from me to my lawyer. "Just sign the papers."

I sat the pen down and looked at the man who Jammer hated. "I'm not signing anything until you answer my question. Who paid? I know you didn't do it out of the kindness of your heart."

He sat back and smiled like his words were going to crush me. Don't know how I knew it, but I could feel it coming. "Let's just say that I gave my son a choice. He'd rather be rich than play house with someone like you."

It hurt. I wasn't going to lie. It was like he was taking a knife and stabbing me directly in the heart. "You're an ass**le."

He laughed out loud. "For someone without a pot to piss in, you have a lot of nerve. I suggest that you sign the papers, before I retract this offer and take everything you have away from you."

I looked over at my lawyer. "Can he even do that?"

He looked from me to Jammer's dad. "I'm afraid that he can. We also represent Mr. Thomas in this matter. It would be in your best interest to sign the papers."

Oh, so being screwed over was the plan all along. I wasn't sure if I was more mad at myself than anyone else. This sucked and the only way out of it was to sign the damn papers and walk away with some kind of dignity. I shook my head and concentrated on not letting myself cry in front of these two dickheads. I pushed the signed papers toward them and waited for whatever else they were going to throw at me.

"Looks like we have everything here. You will receive the deed free and clear in just a couple of weeks. As far as selling the place, I can get in touch with a realtor tomorrow and set something up, or if you already have someone in mind you can contact them yourself."

I put up my hand to stop him from talking. While grabbing my purse off the floor, I stood up. "It's no longer going to be for sale. If you think you can buy it back for next to nothing, you can kiss my ass. I would never sell my father's bar. He kept that for me and my brother. It's no wonder your son can't commit to a responsible life. Meeting you for ten seconds showed me why. I've had a pretty f**ked up childhood, but your mother must have been psychotic, because there is no way someone can be as heartless as you otherwise." I walked out of the conference room door and didn't look back. I didn't give a shit what they thought about my attitude.

Once I got to my car I was literally bawling my eyes out. Even windshield wipers wouldn't have been able to control my tears. Jammer had chosen money over being with me. Could it get any worse?

I don't even remember the drive, but when I pulled up at the college campus, I knew exactly where I was and why I was there. I raced to Zach's dorm room and burst into the door. As I closed the door behind me, while still crying, two bodies sat up in the bed. "Charlie, what are you doing here?" Elle's voice confirmed that the messy haired girl in Zach's bed was in fact my best friend.

"Seriously, you two?" It wasn't like I wanted Zach as a boyfriend. He was just my best friend. I guess they both were.

"Charlie, we were going to tell you." Zach climbed out of bed and pulled on a pair of shorts. I guess he didn't care about me seeing his bare ass since I'd seen it before. Elle pulled the covers up around her chin. I could tell she was embarrassed and afraid of my reaction.

I pointed at Elle. "You have a boyfriend."

"We broke up. It was around the time you got together with Jam..." She realized that saying his name was going to hurt me and stopped for a second. "Zach and I have been friends for a while and it just happened. We've been exclusive for a few weeks now. Please don't be mad."

I sat on the bed across from the one they were in. "I'm not mad. I mean, I wish you would have just told me, but I get why you didn't. Listen, I'm not here to rain on your parade, but my life is a f**king mess and I needed my best friends."

For the next hour I explained everything that had happened in the attorney's office. Aside from Zach claiming that they had legally wronged me, I think they both felt sorry for my predicament. Neither of them seemed surprised when I told them that Jammer had picked money over being with me.

After they finally got up and got dressed, Elle offered to come home and stay with me for a couple of days. They had finished finals and she was planning on shacking up with Zach during the break. I think after the initial shock of them being together wore off, it was not a big deal. They were both my friends no matter what.

On the way home Elle tried to talk to me about Jammer. I think she was trying to make me feel better, but the more I heard his name, the worse I felt. I think I needed some kind of closure and never had gotten it. He owed me some kind of explanation for why he left the way he did after sleeping with me just hours before. Aside from feeling used, I was so bitterly angry with him.

I did what every woman would have done in my situation. I waited for Elle and Ry to go to sleep and dialed Jammer's number. Instead of hanging up when I got his voicemail, I hung on and left a message.

"Hi, it's me, Charlie. Listen, I know you don't want to talk to me, but I just can't go another day not knowing what the hell happened. Did you just use me? Was this all some ploy to save up enough money to skip town? Did you even give a damn about me when you were telling me that you loved me? Do you have any idea how bad you hurt me. I f**king loved you. I let myself feel things that I never felt before and all along you were lying to me. I forgave you when I found out about who you really were. Why did you let me forgive you? I don't understand any of this. Then, today I met your father. He told me you chose money over being with me. I'm glad I know where your heart is. Maybe you were more like that ass**le I met today then you lead on. Only a total bastard could use someone like me and throw her away like she is garbage. I hate myself for loving you. If I never saw you again it would be too soon. Have a nice life, ass**le!"

When I hung up the phone my heart was beating out of my chest. I said things that were harsh, but my feelings were chewed up and spit out by him. He needed to know how much I hated him for hurting me; for hurting Ryan. Neither of us deserved that kind of treatment from someone we trusted. I thought I meant something to him. I thought I was always his Lena. It pissed me off more knowing I had been played a fool.

Wherever Jammer was, I hoped he was getting herpes.

That is what he deserved.

Chapter 34

Jammer

For three weeks, three terrible weeks, I had been without Charlie. After taking my mother away from my father, we spent the first day driving.

Since I knew that I was going to be playing in the U.S. Open Nine Ball Championship, it was necessary for me to practice my ass off. I hadn't been playing as much and my game was off even more considering that I had to buy a new stick and get used to the way it played. Most people think the stick doesn't make a bit of difference, but that is one way you can tell a real billiards shooter from an amateur.

My mother and I found a motel that rented by the week. It was a shitty little place that was run down, but with her one credit card being our only source of money, it was important to save as much as we could.

I know she was hurting after leaving the comforts of her home. I had nothing to offer her except my companionship. The good thing was that it gave us time to reconnect. I think I hadn't let myself miss her the way I should have. We had little, but she took care of me. It showed me that all of those Sugars that I had bedded and got a hot meal from were taking the place of the mother that I had abandoned.

Maybe I was just feeling sorry for myself after losing Charlie. This whole idea was becoming an impossible dream. I couldn't believe that I was considering playing the best pool players in the world for a chance at winning fifty grand. Still, my mother remained supportive and pushed me to keep at it.

I think I was completely in the right mindset until I woke up to my phone ringing one day. I saw the number on the screen and wanted to answer, but knew it would open up a can of worms that would be impossible to get out of.

When the phone beeped that I had a message I was shocked. I mean, she never left messages. I paced around the room a few times wondering if I should just ignore it or delete it before even listening. The last thing I wanted was to hear that she wanted me to come home. I guess somewhere in my head, I was hoping that is how she felt. When I got the nerve to listen, I think my world was shattered.

I listened to it several times, hearing every awful thing she thought about me. Sure, she was wrong about the part with my father, but it was still a kick in the nuts. Charlie wanted nothing to do with me. I had hurt her so terribly that there was no way she would ever forgive me again. Our relationship was over.

Knowing that made me reconsider even playing in the damn tournament. My mind was all f**ked up and I knew I wouldn't be able to focus on a game with that much money at stake.

One thing that I found out when going to register was that I was supposed to have done it months ago. Luckily, this pretty little thing who was working the event had someone cancel. She put me on the top of the waiting list and by the time I walked out of there, I was registered to play. Sure, I had to take her out to dinner for her helping me, but I was willing to do anything for the chance to play. I was so angry at myself for walking away from what I wanted. It was almost like I wanted to play just so I could fail and finally admit that I was nothing but a loser.

I'd lost Charlie, so I had nothing else that I wanted to live for. I would be a hustler for the rest of my life.

My heart ached for her, but I buried it behind liquor and pool. Some people would think playing so much before the event would have burned me out. On the contrary, it made my game better. I was struggling with my emotions and took it out on the table. There had been several nights where I played all night long and came into the motel when the sun was coming up.

I don't know how much my mother approved of my lifestyle, but I think she was more concerned with me failing. I didn't have the heart to tell her that I wasn't ever going to be with Charlie again. I'd f**ked that all up and now it was time to worry about my mother and myself. I couldn't go back even if I wanted to.

As the event got closer, more big time players were arriving in town. It was easy to scope out which bars they would be hanging at. I think I shocked myself when I came home one early morning with two grand in my pocket. Maybe at first she thought I had robbed someone, but when I brought her along the next night she was more than excited. We stayed up until the wee hours of the morning talking about how she used to go and watch Joe/Joker play in events. She said I reminded her of him, but it was because he taught me everything he knew.

It was cool having a common interest with my mother. As much as I thought she was sad about leaving her life, she smiled every single day and seemed to genuinely enjoy being with me. I have to say that if I couldn't ever be with Charlie, being with my mother and getting close to her again meant the world to me.

She supported me and rooted me on like I always had wanted her to. Maybe the time we'd spent apart had given us the time to accept the things we couldn't change about each other. I was learning fast that my mother was a whole different person when she wasn't being held back by my overbearing father.

Since I was no longer playing to get my father away from Charlie, I was looking at the prize money as a way for my mother and I to go somewhere and start over. That credit card was only going to last for so long. My mother was a pretty lady and she knew how to talk to people. Finding a job wouldn't be a problem for her, but for me, well it could be a problem. I had tattoos all over me and aside from being a bartender, I didn't have any experience. All I was ever good at was playing pool and drinking.

I ran into several players that I had met while living with Joker. Most of them recognized me and welcomed the chance to let me play with them. Now, when playing someone that you knew was a pro, it was hard to not be nervous. I wasn't used to playing the players that were true talent. The people I hustled just thought they were good.

An older player that I didn't know recognized my mother. He sat down at a corner table and talked to her for hours while I played. My new stick was alright, but it didn't compare to my old one. Joker had made my stick and everything about it was one of a kind. It stroked like no other stick I had ever used and had a tiny shaft that my fingers were used to holding.

One night after playing for a few hours, my mother retired to our motel room. I stuck around with the guys and lost a bet to treat them all to the local strip club. Because I was the youngest, I became the guinea pig to all the young dancers and their lap dances.

The more I drank the more I pictured them being Charlie. One brunette chick with a rocking body kept swaying her hips in my direction. Touching the chicks was usually a way to get kicked out of a place, but this chick was rubbing her naked tits all over my face. She took my beer and slowly dumped it over her breast then pressed it against my mouth.

I wish I could lie and say that it didn't turn me on. It wasn't like I was cheating on Charlie. She'd made it clear that we were over.

I met the girl in the back hallway near the men's room. She was still walking around in just a tiny thong, so everywhere my hands touched her was naked skin. Her tits were nice, but they weren't Charlie's. I was actually getting pissed at myself for thinking about her when I had the chance to get laid. I was getting ready to play the biggest match of my life and needed the stress relief.

I pressed my lips against the girls and felt her tongue slipping into my spread open mouth. Her kisses were sloppy, but in a sexy way. She knew what she was doing as she slid her hand down the front of my jeans while continuing to mingle our tongues together. I lifted her up against the wall and felt her legs wrapping around my waist. I didn't know her name, but I didn't want to either. I just wanted to get my dick wet and forget about how much I'd f**ked up the relationship with the only person I had ever loved.

Suddenly, as the chick had my rock hard c**k in her hand, I let her body slip back down to the floor and I pulled away from her. She backed against the wall seemingly confused and licked her lips.

For the second time in my life, Charlie had stopped me from being with someone who was ready and willing. Her beautiful body flooded my mind. The way her voice got when she became mad. The way her kisses made me crazy. She was all I could think about.

The girl reached her arms out for me, but I backed away more. I put my hands into air. "Sorry, I can't do this."

I walked away from her and went right into the bathroom. I heard the door swing behind me as I leaned my arms against the base of the sink. The naked girl hopped up on the sink and leaned against the mirror. "So who is she?"

I shook my head and looked at her face instead of her perky br**sts. "She's someone that doesn't want me anymore."

She laughed and shook her head. "I find that hard to believe."

"Yeah, well I am pretty good at f**king things up."

She leaned over and put her arm on my shoulder. "Most guys would have f**ked me and just never told anyone what happened. It takes a real love for a man to stop a free lay. If I were you, I wouldn't give up on her. I think if she knew you felt that strong about her, she would want you back. So, did you cheat or something?"

I shook my head. "No, not that I didn't have opportunities. I couldn't do that to her. She's all I think about. Yeah, I lied to her about things that were important. I won't bore you with the details, because I can assure you that after the first couple hours you would get sick of hearing it."

"I feel so bad for you. If it's any consolation, I think she's a fool for letting you go." I appreciated her being nice to me, but I'd done this to myself.

"Thanks, listen I need to get out of here. Is there a back door I can use?" I was feeling tipsy and just wanted to avoid the other pool players that I'd come with.

She led me to the back door that the employees used. After slipping me her number in case I wanted to "talk" again, I started walking toward the motel. When I got to a bench that was facing the beach, I sprawled my body on it and breathed in the cool salty air.

I shouldn't have done it, but I reached my phone out of my pocket and listened to the saved message from Charlie. It broke my heart every time I heard it. I knew I'd had too much to drink, but it hadn't stopped me from doing it. I pressed call on the screen and heard the phone ringing in my ear. Sure, this was going to cost me, but I just had to hear her voice.

"This better be good, Jammer, it's three in the morning."

Chapter 35

Charlie

"Jammer, did you hear me?" I was wondering if this was just a butt dial.

"I'm a liar." From just those three words I could tell he was slurring.

"Are you seriously calling me at three in the morning to tell me something I already know? Get a f**king life and leave me alone!" I hung up the phone and rolled over, feeling so immediately pissed that I knew I wouldn't be able to go back to sleep.

My phone started ringing again. I don't know why I answered it, but I did. "What do you want now?"

"Charlie, I lied to you." This was getting old.

"You're drunk Jammer. You aren't even going to remember calling me. Just go to sleep and stop calling me." I hung up the phone and got up to go to the bathroom.

While I was relieving myself, the phone started to ring again. After four rings the voicemail had picked up. I figured he would realize I wasn't going to answer and stop calling, but it rang once again. "What?"

"I feel like I can't breathe."

"Call a doctor."

"Charlie, I'm nothing without you."

"If you think I am going to fall for your bullshit lies you have another thing coming." Drunk or not, this was not cool with me. He'd hurt me worse than anything in my adult life. I just wanted the pain to go away. Him calling was a reminder of what was never going to be.

"Listen to me. I lied to you, Charlie."

"Yeah, I get it. Are you looking for me to accept this crappy apology? Jammer, you're shitface drunk. Please leave me alone. You walked away from us. You told me you never wanted us that way. I can't hear your voice and not hate you for what you did. You hurt me."

I swear it sounded like he started to cry. "Please just listen to me. I hurt myself. I made a mistake. Charlie, I can't even f**k another girl anymore. Why did you do this to me?"

If steam could have shot out of my ears, it would have been. "Don't f**king call me again." I hung up the phone and took the battery out.

Oh my God, had he really just talked about being with someone else. I wanted to scream and cry and throw up all at once. For three weeks I had wanted nothing more than to hear his voice and when I did he was drunk and mentioning being with someone else.

It took me two hours to finally cry myself to sleep. When I woke up I found my brother sitting on the bed beside me trying to put the battery back in my phone.

I grabbed it out of his hand reassembled it. "Good morning, Ry."

"What happened to your phone, Charlie?"

It would be easier to tell him that flying bats dressed as clowns swooped down from the ceiling and took it, than tell him who really had called. "It kept ringing and waking me up, so I took out the battery."

"Who was it?"

I knew why he wanted to know. Yet another reason that he was too smart for his own good. "I don't even know. Someone that thought they were talking to someone who cared. It was some drunk guy."

He looked down at the blanket and started playing with the corner of the fabric. "I wish Jammer would call. He said he'd teach me pool and then he just left."

I hated that my brother was just as sad about Jammer leaving. I felt like punching him in the face if I ever saw him again.

Since Jammer had been gone, the new bartender was learning all the ins and outs of the tavern. His name was Christopher and he was very handsome. I think he must have been born from Zeus because his body was chiseled so much that he walked funny from the bulkiness of his muscles. Chris had bartended for a few local places and just wanted a change. My slow business wasn't exactly a fun place to work. Aside from Shaun working days. It got pretty boring. Sure, we had karaoke night and the weekends had picked up significantly, but it wasn't like it was the happening place to be.

Even with his large muscles and baby face, he was kind of a klutz and seemed like whatever steroids he was on had all gone to his head. I don't remember ever having to replace so many glasses and bottles that had been broken while he was working.

Elle and Zach were still hot and heavy and came down almost every weekend to stay with me and Ryan. I think my place became their little weekend getaway. I didn't mind the company and Ryan really enjoyed Zach's company.

On weekends, Chris didn't come in until night shift, so I managed the bar from open until dinner shift. On this particular day, Elle and Zach arrived around ten in the morning and had taken Ryan to some circus that was in town. I was allergic to something at the circus and couldn't go without having a sneezing fit, so they volunteered. It was funny seeing them so serious about each other, being that neither of them had ever been that way before. Zach was lucky that his life had turned out so nice. I was happy for him, even as I continued to struggle day to day. At least my brother and I had a roof over our head and an income coming in. I wasn't the best at running a business, but I was getting the hang of it.

The bar was so quiet after the lunch rush that I found myself cleaning out shelves and cabinets under the register to pass the time. I hadn't cleaned them since I took over the place and knew they were full of junk. I usually didn't watch television while I worked, but I turned on the television across from the bar for background noise.

Much to my surprise, Jammer had set the darn thing to record every single billiards competition that was televised. I tried to change the channel but got some warning message that frustrated me enough to toss the remote down and leave it on. I wasn't planning on watching television anyway.

The first cabinet I cleaned out was literally full of old shit. There were coasters in there that were older than me. A bunch of paid receipts and even some vendor work orders for repairs. I put them all in a box to carry to the attic. The next cabinet at first seemed a lot like the one before it. A bunch of paperwork was shoved inside, but behind it was a jar. The jar was full of folded up pieces of paper and chips. I opened the large pickle jar and pulled one of the chips out. They said they were sobriety chips. Realizing they were my fathers, I reached in and grabbed one of the folded up pieces of paper.

Dear Charlie:

Today I earned my one year sobriety chip. You are the reason that keeps me going strong. One day I will find you and be able to tell you in person how much you mean to me. I think about you every single day and regret the decisions that took you away from me. I know you will never read this note, but it's part of my recovery.

Daddy loves you.

I stared at the little piece of paper and traced his words, before pulling out another one to read.

Dear Charlie:

This is the first part of my sobriety program. They say it's good to express my feelings. I lost you because of my drinking. I hope you are safe and being taken care of. I miss you every second of the day. I miss your pretty curly hair and the sweet smile that would be looking at me when I woke every morning. You will always be my sunshine.

Love Daddy

Tears were rolling down my face as I felt my first real connection to my biological father. His love was flowing through his words and overwhelming me. I grabbed a third note and then a fourth. Each one was address to me and all of them explained how much he loved me. I held all of the notes in my hands and brought them to my chest, while continuing to cry.

Since I knew that a customer could come in at any second, I gathered the letters and put them back in the jar and closed it up. I was still sniffling when I got to the third cabinet. A shoebox that was closed was sitting right in front. I opened it up and saw a bunch of pictures that included some of Jammer. I held the pictures in my hands and looked at the father that I never knew and the man that I gave my heart to that had broken me.

Without much thought, I grabbed all of the items and threw them in the large box. I locked the front door and put a 'be back in ten' note on the door, before heading up to put the items in the attic.

I had only ever looked inside of the attic once. It was full of old boxes, but when I got up there this time, I felt it was necessary to look around. Most of the boxes were filled with albums. I didn't recognize any of the people, but knew they were billiards players from the backgrounds.

When I got through a couple boxes, I saw one with Jammer's name hidden in the corner. I almost ran toward it when I saw it. I sat Indian style and started pulling things out. There were albums with my father and both of Jammer's parents. I flipped through more pages and saw some like the one he had showed me. I pulled the picture of me as a little girl and Jammer as a little boy out of the plastic. He was holding my hand and it had been snowing. On the back of the picture it read, "John and Lena."

The following pages were much of the same. Jammer and I must have spent a lot of time together when I was too little to remember. He had told me all about our parents knowing each other, but to see it for myself was something indescribable. I felt so used.

Still, I couldn't help but go through Jammer's box some more. At the very bottom was an envelope addressed to him. It was unopened and part of me knew it had never been read, but since it was in my attic, it was my right to find out what it said.

Jammer:

I found your room empty this morning and can already guess that you have moved on. Words can't express how saddened I am that this had happened. A few months ago I found out that I have cancer. There is a fifty-fifty chance it can be treated, but my health isn't the greatest. I think it is important for you to know something before you find out from someone else.

You weren't a stranger when I met you at the billiard tournament. I knew who you were and why you were there. I grew up with your father, in fact, there was a time that we were best friends. I fell in love with your mother after losing my own family. I hate that this may pain you, but it's best you know the truth. Your father set out to ruin my life and take away my business. He'd just loaned me a bunch of money to get my tavern back and threatened to take it all away.

When I saw you years later, after losing my wife and child because of your father's involvement, I saw a chance for revenge. I'm not an evil man, but you have to understand that he took everything from me. My daughter was my world and at one time, you thought she was your world too. Of course you were just a little kid, but you still had a cute little crush on her.

Anyway, I offered to let you live with me because I knew he would find out and see how it felt to have someone else caring for his child. It was the feeling that I have lived with for many years. Listen, once I got to know you I realized you were an awesome kid. I'm sure if you are still reading this you are pissed as all hell, but you need to know that I cared for you like a son. I'm sorry that my intentions weren't innocent, but after the first month, you really had become a friend.

I understand if you can't forgive me, although I still need to ask you a favor. Please find my daughter. Her name is Charlene, but she goes by Charlie. I think her mother changed her name to Rose. I've been looking for her for years. She's three years younger than you. I heard her mother passed away years ago and I have not been able to trace her through the state records. That child means the world to me. If for some reason you are reading this message and I'm no longer among the living, please find her and tell her that I never wanted to give her up. Her mother forced my hand. I love my daughter and have missed her every single day. Giving her up was the biggest regret of my life.

Your friend John McNally

My hands were shaking as I finished the long letter. I was afraid if I dug through anymore boxes I would find even more confessions of my father's love for me. I folded up the paper and stuck it in my pocket. Maybe Ryan wasn't just being a kid when he said we had a good father. Maybe my father really wanted to be my dad, but he couldn't track me down once he had the chance.

Sure, I was angry about him using Jammer, but I could see his reasoning for doing it. Plus, he sort of knew that he wasn't going to make it. I think if I could turn back time, I would have wanted to know the man to at least give him the chance he never got to have.

I brushed off the dust from my pants and headed back down to the bar with tears running down my face again. This day couldn't get any more emotional for me. It was like my father's ghost was following me around, leading me to letters he had wrote for me to find.

After about an hour, I finally started to relax. I had a couple come in that were back in the billiard room, but nobody else yet. Outside, I could see my brother running up the sidewalk with Elle and Zach behind him. They came in like a heard of animals and the place filled with excited voices. When my two friends froze and looked up at the television screen, I had to look and see what had caught their attention.

The commentators were doing a recap of the players that were doing good in the tournament they were covering. They separated the screen into four windows and the bottom left player took my breath away. Jammer was shown bent over taking a shot.

I grabbed the remote and turned up the volume.

"We have a couple newcomers that are giving these veterans a run for their money. John Thomas, a Baltimore native has really brought his A game to this competition. He still has to face the hardest opponents with little odds being in his favor, but we give him props for how far he's gotten already."

The other commentator chimed in, "Yeah, but it wouldn't be the first time an amateur has come along and won the fifty grand."

"I guess time will tell. Good luck to all of the featured newcomers."

I rewinded back to Jammer and pressed pause. I couldn't take my eyes off of the screen.

"Charlie, he's playing for fifty grand." Elle's voice broke my stare.

Zach put his arm around me and pointed to the screen. "It kind of makes you wonder if that is the same fifty grand you were trying to come up with."

I shook my head. "No, I already have the tavern. I don't need his money."

"Think about it. You said his father offered him money to leave you, but his father lies. What if Jammer left because his father said he would forgive the loan. What if he did it for you?" I heard what Elle was saying but I was too much in shock to comprehend it.

"No, he left because he didn't love me."

"Yeah, I don't know one hustler willing to show his face to the whole world of billiards. I mean, don't they usually stay under the radar so they can get away with the hustle?" I looked at Zach and thought about his comment.

"I guess."

"If we leave now we can get there in four hours." Elle held up the keys to her Mercedes and waited for me to respond.

Chapter 36

Jammer

In the beginning of the tournament I was matched up against people that were easy to beat, but as the matches went by, it was getting harder to take the win. My mother never left the audience and when I would sink the nine ball, it was her voice I heard over everyone else's applause. It was like I was back in little league again.

Still, I couldn't get my mind in the game where it needed to be.

One thing that was really interfering with my ability to focus was the fact that I had gotten so drunk that I called Charlie. I could barely remember the conversation but what I did hear loud and clear was that she never wanted to hear from me again. It had been three weeks and I was aware that she was probably still pissed. Every time I went to play a safety and hide the other player, I could tell that my thoughts of Charlie were messing with my timing. I wished she was there in the audience with my mother, cheering me on. Hell, I even wished Ryan was here to see how a real match looked.

I'd made it to the fourth round before losing. What was cool was that it was double elimination so I was still in the game, just in the loser's bracket until I could pull myself back out of it; if I could pull myself out of it. When I lost my match, I had a time frame where I didn't have to shoot for a while. We went out and grabbed lunch and found ourselves at a little tattoo shop. When I saw my mother giving me the eye, I knew exactly what she was wanting to do. I let out a little laugh before following her inside. She grabbed the book acting all giddy like she was doing something naughty. Within ten minutes she was sitting in the chair with her leg up in some dudes face. She wouldn't tell me what she was getting and guaranteed that we would be done by the time my next match was scheduled.

When we walked out of the little tattoo shop my mother had a tiny tattoo on her foot that said 'free'. I knew what it meant and she was all smiles as she looked down at it herself. "Isn't it neat?"

I laughed and looked at the little tiny lettering. "Yeah, cute is a good word for it. I mean, once you get your whole arm done, I may have to call it something else."

She pushed me and started laughing too. "Well, it's big enough for me. Next I need to buy myself a Harley." She nudged me again while walking back to where the tournament was being held. I felt her arm reach inside of my one arm and I kissed the side of her head.

"Thanks for being here with me, Mom. It means a lot."

"This is where I belong, John. I love seeing you out there doing something you love. I just wish Charlie could have been here too."

I looked down at the ground to avoid eye contact with her. "Yeah, I don't think that's going to happen, especially not after last night."

She stopped walking and jumped in front of me to keep me from walking. "What happened?"

I shrugged. "I had a little too much to drink and called her a bunch of times. She made it clear that she wants nothing to do with me. I need to face the music that she's done with me. It doesn't matter what I say or do, she will never give me another chance."

"Do you want me to call her?"

I shook my head. "As much as I appreciate that offer, it will only make her more mad. After she hung up on me she must have turned off her phone. I left her a message apologizing and telling her how much I loved her so the fact that she's never called must mean she's really done. It sucks, because I know she's the one that I want to be with." I could tell that my mother wasn't okay with me giving up. "Besides, I think that as long as I have you I will be alright." I put my arm around my mother and walked us back into the building.

The matches were still going on and the next round couldn't start until everyone was finished shooting. We sat down and I started studying some of the people I may have to play. Pool was all about strategy. Some players were shot makers. They could make a ball no matter where it was on the table, but others relied on the ability to play a safety. A safety allowed players to hide their opponent's ball, making their next shot more difficult and sometimes impossible to make. While I tried to study each player, my mind went back to Charlie. I thought about her kisses and the way she smiled even when I made her angry. I thought about how excited Ryan got when he made a shot that I had taught him. Life didn't always offer second chances, so my regretful decision of leaving her was going to haunt me for the rest of my life. Sure, I could hook up with other women and even pretend to give a damn about them, but there wasn't anyone out there that would ever compare to Charlie.

I'd exhausted myself with thoughts of her so much that I almost didn't even notice when they called my name to shoot. It was a good thing the guy I was shooting wasn't very good. I took my time and focused on each shot, finishing out the rack with little effort. Applause filled the room for only a couple of seconds while my opponent and I shook hands.

The further I got in the tournament, the longer I had to wait between matches. They couldn't give us an exact time, but I knew I had a couple hours to relax again. My mother wanted to go back to our motel and take a nap, but I needed a stiff drink so I could keep my cool. That last match was easy, but I noticed that I was shaking as I stroked the stick. I couldn't be doing that if I wanted to shoot my best.

Once I got my mother situated and showed her where to find an alarm on her phone, I headed back to the lounge located at the main hotel where the tournament was being held. At first there wasn't many people around, but it didn't take long for a little thing to come and sit beside me. I saw her giving me the eye and called the bartender over to get her a drink. She was blonde and skinny and right away I found myself comparing her to Charlie. "I saw you shooting earlier. You're really good."

I looked down at my beer and waved the bartender down. "Hey, buddy, can you get me three shots of triple sec?" I looked over at the blonde. "You want one too?"

She giggled and shook her head. "No, I think I want to remember my night."

I downed the first shot. "Suit yourself." After finishing the last two, I pushed the small glasses away from my beer. "I'm trying to forget."

"Did you lose?"

"Not yet, but it's the girl I'm trying to forget." I felt her fingers sliding up my arm and looked over at her.

She smiled and bit down on her lip. "I bet I could make you forget."

I let out a laugh. "Yeah, except its only temporary, therefore a waste of time. No offense, of course."

Her face turned red and she removed her fingers from my arm. "I can leave you alone if you want."

She went to hop down from the stool and I grabbed her arm. "No, you can stay. I didn't mean to be a dick. I'm just not in the state of mind to be hooking up. I'm almost in the finals and I need a clear head. It's bad enough I'm all f**ked up about my ex." It killed me to call her that.

"I came here with a bunch of my friends, but they are all couples. They actually asked if I could give them some alone time. Sorry if I seemed forward. I'm usually not like that. So, how long has it been since you broke up?"

"Three weeks." I peeled the paper from my beer bottle while I thought about walking out of her life.

"Wow, that was recent. How long were you together?"

I looked right at the blonde, who I didn't even know her name. "I'm pretty sure I loved her since I was four years old."

I saw her eyes get really big. She put her hand over her mouth. "Oh my God, that is the sweetest thing I have ever heard."

"It's the truth, the unfortunate truth."

"Would it be wrong for me to ask what happened?" She took a sip of her girlie drink and waited for me to say something. I thought about telling a complete stranger how I'd lied and f**ked up any chance of being with Charlie, but talking about it wasn't going to bring her back to me. The fact was, talking about her hurt me too much.

"I messed up. I didn't cheat if that's what you're thinking. I just lied about things she couldn't forgive me for. I think I made the wrong decisions and it cost me everything."

She grabbed my arm. "I feel like crying for you. That is so sad."

I nodded. "Yeah, story of my f**king life."

I looked up at the clock and realized that I'd been sitting there for an hour. I needed to get back to the tables and start warming back up. I stood up and had to grab the stool to get my composure. "Whoa, I didn't expect that."

She grabbed my back and helped me steady myself. "Are you going to be alright?"

"Yeah, you mind walking with me to the billiard area. I'll be fine in a second."

I grabbed my pool stick case and we walked to where I was supposed to be shooting next. My mother wasn't anywhere near the stands, but I had about an hour to kill before my match started. I needed to let the alcohol work through my veins and calm my nerves. The blonde girl leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. "My name is Sloan. If you need someone to talk to, that just wants to listen, I'm in room 333. Good luck with your match."

I watched her walk away while I was getting my stick out and putting it together. While assembling my break stick, I looked around for my mother but still didn't see her. That was until I saw my father out of the corner of my eye. He was standing in front of her raising his hands in the air and obviously raising his voice. I sat my stick on the table and walked past a bunch of people to reach them. I pushed my body in between them and faced my father. "What the hell are you doing here?"

"I'm here to get your mother and bring her home."

I got closer to him, almost touching his face. "Get the f**k out of here before I make you get out. She isn't going anywhere with your ass, not now and not ever!"

I held my mother's hand behind my back. He kept trying to look past me. "That isn't your decision."

"You listen here you f**king ass**le. Your time of running this family is over. She isn't coming back and neither am I. You cost me everything and you don't even care. Did you ever think that I was in love with her? Do you have any idea what you've forced me to give up? You are dead to me. You hear me you son of a bitch, you're dead to me."

I pushed him back a couple of steps and he straightened up his jacket. "I hope the two of you are happy living in the slums somewhere. This is the last time I will give a dime to either one of you."

My mother jumped in front of me. "You can hire a million lawyers, but with what I have on you, it wouldn't surprise me if John and I were the ones walking away with everything. Keep threatening me and just see how I react. I'm not afraid of you and I know you wouldn't hurt me. Get off your high horse and wake up. You did this to yourself. Now you will be alone forever. I'd rather live on the street and have my son than spend another second in that mansion with you."

I watched my father walk into the crowd and disappear. I turned around and hugged my mother. "I'm so sorry."

"Don't be. I meant every word, John." She patted my chest. "Go out there and show the world of billiards what kind of player you are. Win or lose, you will always be the best to me."

"I love you, Mom."

"And I love you, John."

I didn't want to tell my mother that I felt pretty drunk, but I was sure she could smell it on my breath. My heart was racing as I made my way back to the tables. I leaned down and started practicing making shots. I was off...way off. The alcohol and my father had made me completely f**ked up. There was no way I was going to make it three more rounds. Not after everything. He'd ruined yet another opportunity for me without even trying that hard.

I kept practicing, trying to get my blurry vision to go back to normal. I ordered two bottles of water and downed them all at once. I sat down and rested my head in my hands.

When they called me and my competitor to our tables, I was shaking and nervous. I was already in the money round, but needed to win the big prize. My mother and I needed money to get our own place. Surprisingly, I won the match. A hour later, I was starting the second to last round match. My nerves were nonexistent and I felt like I was going to vomit.

I shook hands with the middle aged man that I was competing against. "Good luck man."

The shit got real quick and I was soon stuck on a shot that could cost me the whole competition. Sweat was rolling down my face and the crowd was silent as I speculated how I was going to f**k this up. I needed confidence so I looked up toward the crowd to see my mother's face. It was the person sitting next to her that caught me by surprise.

Charlie smiled at me with tears in her eyes. Next to her sat Ryan and Elle, who were waving their arms around to get my attention. It had to be the liquor, or a figment of my stressed imagination. There was no way it could really be Charlie.

I looked directly into her eyes and paid no attention to the crowd of people as I waved to her. She smiled and waved back. Real or not, it was enough to light a fire up my ass and get focused.

The crowd was quiet as I lined it up and kicked at my ball. It came off of the rail and knocked in the nine early, giving me the win. The crowd went crazy and I looked to find Charlie, but she wasn't there and neither were Ryan and Elle.

Chapter 37

Charlie

I couldn't believe I was even considering this. The whole drive to Virginia Beach was a blur. I was lucky that my brother was asleep for the whole time. At first I thought my friend's idea to find Jammer was a terrible mistake. For all I knew everything he said was the truth. If he didn't want me than I was making a complete fool out of myself. Still, there was a part of me that just prayed I was wrong about everything. At the end of the day I was still so unsure.

I'd never been a desperate person. I dealt the hands that I was given and learned to adjust my lifestyle around it. After years of living like that, it was just easy to blend in with whatever was going on around me. I was like a human chameleon.

I will not forget the feeling that I got in the pit of my stomach when we pulled up at the convention center. As much as I had wished for this to be happening, I feared being rejected.

I grabbed the pool stick case out of the trunk and followed my friends and my brother into the large building where the event was being held. The place was packed with vendors and people. We made our way through and got to the room where the actual matches were being held. Just before walking inside to find Jammer, a man walked right into me. I turned to make sure he was okay and realized just who the person was.

Jammer's father stood right in front of me and he looked pissed. "I see how much my son follows directions. You can keep them both now, because I am officially done." He pushed himself away from me and headed toward the exit.

I felt Elle's arm touch my shoulder. "What was that about?"

"I have no idea."

We finally got inside the door and I saw him for the first time. He looked bad, like he was going to be sick. He was too far away for me to call out to him, so I started climbing the stands to find a better seat. With my brother and friends in tow, I spotted Jammer's mother sitting all by herself. When she saw me she got a huge smile across her face. She stood up as I approached her. "You don't know how happy I am to see you. I don't know the whole story, but I know that he needs you. He's struggling."

We all sat down just as his match was beginning. He sat on his stool when it wasn't his turn and studied his opponents every move. I held his case between my legs and noticed that he obviously was using another stick. As much as he talked about the one I was holding, I knew he would appreciate me bringing it for him to use.

"So, how is he doing?" I leaned over and asked his mother.

It was very quiet while the matches were going on, so we had to whisper. "Yesterday's matches were difficult for him, but this has been the hardest. He's in the semi-final round now."

I knew Jammer was good at pool, but I had no idea he was good enough to have come that far. "So, he has a chance to win the whole thing?"

She smiled and grabbed my hand. "He's going to win, Charlie. I can feel it and now that you're here, I just know it. How did you know he was here? Did he tell you?"

I shook my head. "We saw him on television. I just...I just had to come."

She squeezed my hand again. "He's in love with you, you do know that right?"

I kept her hand in mine and looked down at him. "Yeah, I'm in love with him too."

"This was all for you, Charlie. He did all of it so you could be happy. I think my son assumed that if he walked away you could forget about him and move on."

"He was wrong."

"You can tell him yourself after he makes this shot."

I looked down to see that he was stuck behind another ball. I'd seen him make the shot before, but it wasn't easy. He was struggling, I could tell. For some reason he looked like he was drunk. His eyes squinted when he looked down to figure out the direction he needed to hit the ball. This shot could determine everything.

I was so nervous for him that my eyes started to water. I couldn't believe he was doing all of this for us. At that moment he looked up and looked right at me. Ryan and Elle started waving their hands around to get his attention. He waved and I waved right back, smiling the whole time.

He bent down and took the shot. The object ball knocked the nine in and Jammer won the game. I was so excited that I pulled Zach, Elle and Ryan out of our seats to meet Jammer at the entrance. I couldn't wait to be in his arms again. If I was allowed, I would have jumped down and went through the taped off area to get to him.

I saw him putting his stick away and looking up in the stands for us, but I couldn't get his attention from where I was standing.

I felt tugging on my leg. "Charlie, I have to go to the bathroom."

Zach picked him up. "I got this. Go stand over there until we get back."

Elle and I both agreed and made our way to the wall located beside the entrance. I peeked back into the tournament room and located Jammer, but he was no longer alone. A very pretty blonde was hugging him and whispering something in his ear.

I didn't know how to react. I mean, we weren't together and I couldn't expect women to not hit on him. He was very attractive. Still, it made me uneasy knowing she was touching what was mine. I wedged my way through the crowd of people trying to exit. I had to get to him. I had to know if I was what he wanted.

Tears were rolling down my face as I made my way closer to where I saw him standing. When we were directly across from each other, I froze in place. My heart was racing and my mouth felt dry. I didn't know what to say or do.

I knew I couldn't fret about it any longer. The blonde grabbed Jammer by the arm, but when he turned and looked up to see me, they both froze. "I'm not imagining this, am I?"

I shook my head from side to side.

He whispered something to the girl and she let go of his arm. When she walked towards me, I didn't know what to expect. "I think you just made him the happiest man on the planet." She patted my shoulder and walked away from us.

I pointed toward her but looked at Jammer. "So, she wasn't trying to get with you?"

He laughed and shook his head. "I told her when we met that it was never going to happen since I was still hung up on my old girlfriend."

I took another step toward him. "I saw you on television." I reached out and handed him his case with his original stick inside. "I figured you needed this."

When he took it, he kept his arm extended and moved toward me. "This is the only reason you came?"

I shrugged. "Well, it was one of the reasons." I took one more step toward him.

He reached the back of his hand up and wiped away my tears. "God, I miss you so much."

"Jammer, I need to know why you're here." This was something he swore he would never do again. He didn't want people recognizing him for his knowledge of the game.

"I think you know the answer." He kept rubbing my cheek with his hand as he stepped closer, so that we were almost touching.

"Tell me."

He leaned his head down so that I could feel him breathing. "I did it for us. I did this for you."

I shook my head but stayed close. "But...the tavern is mine free and clear. I don't understand."

He traced my lips with his. "My father told me that if I walked away from you, he would remove the lien and forgive the loan. It was the only way to ensure you didn't lose your home and the business. As far as being here, well, as slim as the chances, I knew if I wanted you back, I'd have to have fifty grand to pay off my dad, or he would be back on your ass and we'd be back where we started. Charlie, I'm one match away from winning that money, but I just have to know something."

"Anything."

"Win or lose, I can't live without you. Take me back, Charlie. Give me another chance. My mother left my father. It's just the two of us, but we could all be a family together. I know you want that."

I nodded. "You're right; it's all I ever wanted."

"So, can I come home?"

I reached my arms around his waist. "If you promise to never leave again."

He pressed his lips softly against mine. "Win or lose, I promise there is no other place I want or need to be. I will go wherever you go, as long as we are together. I love you, my Lena."

My stomach filled with butterflies, like I waited so long to hear myself being called that. It was like my mind remembered it from so long ago. "I love you too."

Our reunion was cut short by Ryan smacking his body into us. Jammer picked him up and gave him a big hug. "Buddy, I missed you so much. Are you taking good care of your sister?"

He shrugged. "She's always sad, when are you coming home?"

"As soon as I am done shooting, we are all going home together. How does that sound?"

He got a big smile on his face. "Awesome!"

Elle and Zach came walking toward us hand in hand, followed by Jammer's mother. "We figured you would be in here. Are you two better now? Have we finally heard the last of Charlie's miserable complaining?"

I pushed Elle for making fun of me. "Shut up!"

"She's got a point. You haven't exactly been easy to be around lately," Zach chimed in.

Jammer reached his arms around me from behind. I felt him kissing the side of my cheek. "I'll take care of her from now on, because I'm never letting her go again."

His mother walked up to us and hugged us both. "I'm so happy to see the both of you smiling. You have time before the final match, if you two want to be alone. I'm sure the rest of us can find something to do."

Jammer smacked me lightly on the ass. He grabbed both of the pool cases and threw them over his shoulder. With his free hand, he found mine and waved as we exited the building without saying another word to anyone.

Once outside, he put down the sticks and leaned me up against the building. "I can't wait another second to kiss you again."

His mouth was aggressive and I met his pace as our tongues mingled together. My hands slid inside of his shirt and I felt his warm skin. I pulled him even closer as we continued kissing. He pulled away and kissed all around my mouth. "So, it's a proven fact that sex relaxes the mind. I think we should go back to my room and practice relaxing."

I giggled and kissed him on the chin. "Sounds good to me. I mean, I'd hate for you to be stressed before the big match."

We started walking in the direction of an old motel. "I don't know if I can make it inside the room before I get you naked. I'm so turned on right now and it's been too long."

I had to admit, it made me happy to hear that it had been a while since he'd been with someone. It made me believe that maybe I was the only person he wanted to be with and that he really did have hopes of us getting back together. "We better hurry then."

When Jammer stuck his key into the door, I couldn't control myself any longer. I slid my body between him and the door and started unbuttoning his pants. We shuffled into the dark room and he used his foot to close the door behind us. His skin tasted salty from sweat but the smell of alcohol wasn't as strong as our first kiss. His hands grabbed a chunk of my hair and he pulled it back so he could kiss down the base of my neck. I closed my eyes suddenly remembering how amazing it felt to be kissed by this sexy ass man. He drug his lips over my chin, letting his tongue work its way back up to my mouth. I heard him grumble as his lips met mine again. "I need you so bad." He grabbed my shirt and tugged it off of my head. I reached back and unhooked my own bra, shaking it off of my br**sts, while Jammer yanked down my pants. He kissed the skin between my br**sts while moving my pants below my hips. Gentle kisses were placed down my abdomen and when I felt my pants falling past my knees, I also felt where his mouth was headed.

With both of his hands grabbing each of my legs, they traveled up until the beginning of my thighs. His tongue teased the smooth skin above my sex. I licked my lips as I watched him so close to touching me there. "Baby, you are so f**king sexy."

I grabbed the collar of his shirt and pulled it over his head. As soon as his head was free from fabric, his hand started playing with my lower lips. He spread them open and inserted his finger inside of my heat. I leaned back against the dresser and closed my eyes, focusing on how it was making me feel. Jammer placed small kisses all around my thighs, before taking his tongue and pressing it against my clit. His first touch made me buck against him. He pulled away and licked it again, while still moving a finger in and out of me. Right before I started to cry out, he stood up and lifted me onto the dresser. He took my legs and placed them around his hips. I couldn't believe how badly I wanted him to be inside of me. I scooted my ass off the edge of the dresser and felt him teasing my sex with his hardness. He slapped it against my clit, each time while sucking both of my ni**les. I felt his hand cup my breast and pinch the tip just as he entered me with his erection.

It felt so tight and so tremendously amazing to feel him driving deep into me. I tightened my legs around his hips and reached my arms around his neck. I knew his tight ass was working hard to steady his eager pace.

"Charlie...you feel so good."

"Don't stop."

I could feel the texture of him as it glided against the walls of my sex. I'd become so wet that it was starting to make a slapping sound when our skin smacked together. My br**sts were bouncing around as I began pushing myself into his thrusts. The harder he pounded the more I mimicked his movements. I teased his tongue with mine, meeting them outside of our mouths. Jammer bit down on my bottom lip and pulled it away with his teeth.

I could feel my muscles tightening as he moved even faster. The warm sensation started between my legs, but rushed throughout my whole body. Jammer's hands dug into the cheeks of my ass as he heard me crying out. He tossed his head back and tightened his face as he filled me with his release.

Afterwards we just stayed wrapped in each other's embrace. I kept my legs tight around his hips.

He kissed me softly and held his head against mine. "You know, the guy I'm playing is really good. He won the whole thing last year."

"It's a good thing that I own a freaking bar and am in the market for a new bartender. The one I hired sucks." I laughed. "Jammer, win or lose, you still win. Sure, it's less money, but we have something that is way more important than any amount of money. We have a family."

He smiled and kissed me again. "Yeah, we really do, Charlie. We really do."

Epilogue

Jammer

1 year later

"Mom, how many times are you going to keep checking the door?" Ever since we opened for the morning shift she had been watching the doors. A local newspaper was doing a story on the tavern. My mother was just a little too excited about it. Since she'd been living with us, we'd turned the tavern into a local favorite.

Everything turned around for us after playing in the U.S. Open. I may have only came in second, but after being picked up by sponsors and joining the pro-circuit; I was making a pretty good side income. Sure, I had to travel here and there, but usually Charlie went with me. My mother lived with us and never minded watching Ryan if we needed to go out of town.

In the past year Charlie and I had become closer, if that was even possible. You'd think that after working all day together and living under the same roof, we would want to kill each other. The truth was I think we were better together.

Did I believe that I was really in love with her as a child? Of course not, but I do believe we had a special connection that had always existed. I don't really know the exact moment that I fell in love with her, because somehow it seemed like it was always there from that moment I walked back into her life.

One day we would get married, but for now we were happy with our relationship. We were still both learning; going through the motions together. I'd never lied to her again and I promised that I would always try to be honest.

Ever since Charlie changed her name to McNally she seemed like she was happier with where she came from. I wouldn't say that every part of her past was that great, but as far away from the truth as she once was, somehow she had still found her way back to where she belonged.

Wherever Charlie was is where I wanted to be. After a year she could still seduce me with her eyes, and satisfy me with every touch. My parents were the exact opposite. One week after leaving my father, my mother hired a lawyer. She was a few days from being legally separated for the year necessary to proceed with a divorce.

So many times my father tried to contact her and so many times she shut him down. I think that after feeling like a prisoner for so many years, she was finally getting to live her life again. When my father wouldn't stop threatening her, she came up with some of her own threats, some of which could send my father to prison for a very long time. After that, he backed off and the last we heard he was seeing someone new. It was only a matter of time before she realized he was an ass**le, but that wasn't our problem.

I would like to say that her still having a thing for Charlie's father was weird, but somehow, it brought the four of us together as a family. Ryan wasn't Charlie's son, but he called my mother mom-mom and loved her like a grandmother.

The sound of the door caught our attention. I rushed over to introduce myself to the interviewer. "Hello, welcome to McNally's."

"Good to meet you. I'm Trevor Warner." We shook hands as my mother was coming toward us.

"How about a tour before you get started with a bunch of questions?" She suggested.

I watched my mother guide the middle aged guy all around the bar. I think she got a kick out of telling people about the history of the bar.

Like always, Charlie wasn't downstairs yet and since she was a big part of the interview, I had to go retrieve her. I found them coming down the stairs. Ryan's hair was semi-spiked. Since starting kindergarten he had gained some weird sense of style that Charlie found weird and I found to be pretty cool. "I was just coming up to get you." I leaned in and kissed her shiny lips. As I pulled away I tasted the apple lip-gloss she always wore.

"I couldn't decide what to wear."

"I thought you decided last night when you had the whole closet pulled out." She really had pulled everything she owned out of the damn closet.

She giggled and looked down at the little black dress that fit her in all the right places. Her hair had been straightened and she wore just enough makeup to make herself gorgeous, not that I ever thought she needed any. "Does this look okay?"

I grabbed her ass as she walked by and whispered in her ear. "I can't wait until tonight when we are all alone downstairs and I bend your fine ass over on that pool table."

She rolled her eyes and kept walking. I didn't care how long we were together, her body would never get old to me.

One of the reasons that we were being interviewed was due to the new addition to the tavern. We had taken the old basement and made it a very large billiards room, including its own separate entrance. Where the tables used to be upstairs, we had made more table space, and with my mother's help, turned the tavern into a very popular place to eat.

Basically the restaurant part was her project. We let her run things while I managed the bar. We kept the guy Chris, who turned out to be trainable enough to handle the flow of people during the day. Shaun still worked in the kitchen and during dinner hours Charlie helped my mother wait on tables.

On the weekends and when we have big parties come in, Elle and Zach would drive down and stay for the weekend. I never in a million years could have seen my life turning out this way. I had the best family anyone could ask for. I was part of the pro billiards tour and we also ran a lucrative business. No matter what Joker's intentions were with me, I had to thank him for this beautiful life that he'd given me and Charlie. None of us were perfect, but together we were pretty f**king awesome.

The End

