Chapter 1

Peyton

I was applying makeup when I felt hands touching my shoulders. A tingling sensation ran from my arms to my fingertips every single time the man had ever touched me there. In fact, I got hot and bothered in other places whenever he touched me anywhere. I don't know what it was about him, other than secretly maybe I'd wanted the guy for a lot longer than I cared to admit.

"Come on, baby. Don't make me go to your brother's house. You know he doesn't like me, and I'm not in the mood to pretend we're cool." My boyfriend Jamey and my brother Shayne were constantly having words. I suppose it wasn't anything new since we'd been dating for over a year.

"Everyone is goin' to be there, even Joey and Lacey. Please don't do this again. You're always the only one that doesn't show up and my parents won't get off my back about it." It was true. My mom and dad were on my case every day about being with Jamey. It all really came down to my cousin Ford, who was also Jamey's cousin on the other side of Ford's family. We lived in a hick-town in Maryland, everyone knew everyone's business. For that matter, Jamey's mother was the owner and operator of a local diner that everyone went to. Since we'd all grown up attending family parties, we were assumed to be related.

Then we started dating.

Dirty looks were a common thing for us, not to mention having to explain how we weren't related more times than we could count.

For the record, growing up I always liked Jamey Billings, but he was a player, who thought he was God's greatest gift to women. He was a year older than me, and as a teen I watched him whoring around with any girl that would give him the time of day.

When we first started dating, after he'd asked me out a dozen times, we kept our relationship a secret. He was so handsome, and I suppose that in some ways I'd always wanted to know what it would be like to have a relationship with someone as hot as he was. Jamey's problem was that he knew it. He worked at it, going to the gym, spending his money on nice clothes, and making sure his hair was always perfect. I swear, sometimes he used more hairspray than I did, not that I was complaining. The end result made me weak in the knees. "I don't give a shit what your parents think about me, Pey. You should know that by now. Besides, I promised my buddies that we'd go four-wheeling the day after a good rain. Do you see how muddy it is out there? It's damn near perfect. I ain't passin' the opportunity for that shit to go to some lame ass cookout with a bunch of married people."

I looked him right in the eyes, peering into his idiotic soul. "They aren't all married. Your brother isn't married, Jamey."

"My brother is so f**kin' married that Lacey probably wears his balls around her damn neck. Don't even try to tell me different. She says jump and he asks her how high. I've seen it with my own eyes. He's pu**y whipped, which is something his ass swore he'd never be. I'll be damned if I ever let that happen to me."

My stomach dropped. Not because I wanted him to be wrapped around my finger, but because I wanted some sense of stability in our relationship. As far as serious went, sleeping in the same bed at night with Jamey was as good as it got.

We didn't say the traditional three words that other people said to each other at night, or when we went off to work. Jamey was just, well he was Jamey; a one of a kind badass that wouldn't allow himself to admit that he was tied down to anything, especially a female.

"I'm askin' you for one day. It's for a couple hours. Can't you just come to the cookout and then go out with your friends later?"

"I already messaged them, baby. They're pickin' me up with the trailer in an hour." He kissed my forehead, as if to tell me that our conversation was over. "I'll see you when I get home."

Heartbroken, I decided to take to smart route out, instead of getting into a knock down drag out fight with my boyfriend. "Yeah, whatever."

Jamey looked into the mirror and adjusted a piece of hair on the top of his head. "You know, for someone that wants to sleep at my house every night, you sure give me enough shit. You need to learn to walk away, before I replace you." His cocky comment may have been a joke, I could never tell the difference, but it didn't rub me the right way. The peace between us had severed, and little did he know that I was a match that was about to ignite. I shoved him away from the mirror. He fell back on the bed and started to get up. With half of the makeup on one side of my face I felt the warm rush of tears running down my cheeks. He didn't understand that I wanted him to only want me. He didn't get that every second he spent away from me made me feel like he was doing things behind my back, with other women. This wasn't new ground for us. We fought all of the time. "Don't threaten me, Jamey."

He laughed, pissing me off more. "I can do whatever I want." Over enunciation of his words made the sarcasm leave a bad taste in my mouth. "You're not my mother."

I climbed on top of him without struggle. Jamey got off on me becoming angry with him. I swear sometimes he picked a fight just to get me into his bed, the backseat of his car, or wherever we were for that matter.

"Don't treat me like I mean nothin' to you, Jamey." I straddled his body with my own, waiting for him to reply. The shit-eating grin across his face was about to be slapped off if it didn't fade away. His next snarky comment was the last straw for my tolerance.

"Like I said before. I do what I want. Get over it, or get the f**k out."

I went to smack him, so hurt and distraught that he could play games with my emotions that easily. He caught my hand before it made contact, and laughed harder. I hated that he knew me so well. "Fuck you. You say that, but I'm still here, lyin' in your bed at night. Don't play head games with me, Jamey. It's not goin' to work in your favor this time."

Jamey pinned both of my hands at my sides. I turned away, unable to look into those light brown eyes and not think about where I was sitting, or that beneath me was probably his growing stiff cock. "You're here because we both like to f**k. We're friends, and you belong to me. Those are the rules and you know it. You only complain when you don't get your way. Ain't no woman goin' to tell me what to do. You got that? I will go where I want. I will talk to who I want, and I will f**k -." I couldn't let him finish.

"No. That's not right and you know it. It's just me or I'm out of here."

He let go of my hands and cocked a half-smile across his lips. "I know just what to say to get you all worked up, don't I?" His hand brushed over one of my br**sts and I turned my head away from his gaze. "Are you pissed?"

"Yeah, I'm pissed. Why do you say things that hurt me? All I wanted was for you to come to the cookout with me, eat a meal with me, and be by my side. You turned it into this; sayin' you can f**k who you want. You're right, Jamey. I suppose you can. I guess that if you wanted to you could tell me to go to hell and have someone in your bed by the end of the night. If that's what you want than obviously I can't stop you, but I can at least leave with my dignity. Don't treat me like a pet. I'm either your girlfriend, or I'm nothin' at all." For once I was standing up for myself. He wasn't going to belittle me, not this time.

Jamey flipped us around so that he was on top of me on the bed. He stared into my eyes and wiped off my tears. "Are you afraid of losin' me, Pey?" I felt his hand reach between my legs and cupped my pu**y over the fabric of my jean shorts. "You think I'd give up this perfect pu**y so easily? You're in my bed, because I want you there. Just because I don't make promises don't mean I don't want you. Baby, there ain't no woman around that makes my dick as hard as you do."

I wanted to roll my eyes, to cringe at his choice of words, but instead could only comprehend the part where he was telling me that I was the best. It was little compliments hidden in his rough persona that drew me in.

I felt that familiar tingle happening between my legs where his hand still sat. "Are you hard now?" I moved my body ever so gently to get a rouse out of him.

He moved his hand away, sat up straight and grabbed mine, rubbing it over the lump in his pants. "You know the answer. What are you goin' to do about it?"

I know, I should have shoved him off the bed and left, but I couldn't. I was so desperate to hold onto anything that I gave into temptation every single time. I bit down on my lip and silently pictured all of the things he was going to do to me instead. "What do you want?"

He began to unfasten my shorts, and climb off the bed. I watched his shirt coming over the top of his head. I knew damn well what he was going to do, and I was willing to let him do it, because every second he spent inside of me was like heaven. "Don't play stupid. Take off your shorts and spread. You get me so f**kin' worked up when you're whinin'. I need release, and you're goin' to give it to me good."

He was right, for once. I stood up on the bed and let my shorts fall. Standing there over him made me feel empowered, sexy even. I lifted my shirt over my head and unfastened my bra. Left in only a pair of panties, I crossed my legs and watched my boyfriend dropping his drawers to the floor. He saw my panties and tugged me forward by them. "Why are these still on?"

I touched the sides of his hair, instead of the top. The last thing I wanted to do was hear him complain that I'd messed up his masterpiece. "Because I like it when you have to work for it. I'm not easy."

He took his fingers into the elastic on either side of my hips and pulled them down to my knees, roughly. Unexpectedly, he kissed me straight on my pu**y, letting his lips linger over my folds as he spoke. "Tell me how hot I make you, Pey."

I held onto his ears and let my head fall back, knowing he was right there, so close to bringing me to ecstasy. "Baby, you make me crazy."

All of my anxiousness about the cookout was erased the moment his tongue came out and licked my most sensitive area. I tried my best to stand still, but my knees began to shake as his tongue flicked over my clit. He sucked it into his mouth and pulled away to watch my body responding to his sensual touch. When he came in for another taste my knees buckled and I fell down onto the bed. Jamey laughed and climbed overtop of me. His body lingered there, steady, and ready to please me. I wrapped my legs around his back and pulled him against my skin. Feeling the warmth of his body, the stiff erection pressing against my eager sex made me only want it to happen immediately. He reached down and teased my opening. His lips coursed over mine as he spoke. "You keep comin' back for this, don't you?"

"Yes," I moaned. The truth was that it wasn't just the sex with Jamey or the fact that he made me completely crazy. I was in love with him, totally and utterly in love with him. The problem was that Jamey was incapable of love, and that may as well have been the biggest deal breaker of them all. Knowing that this was just temporary was impossible for me to come to grips with. I'd never felt this way before about any man, yet knowing he didn't return those feelings hurt like a dagger driving straight into my heart. I was broken, and the only way to fix it was being with him, over and over again, as if it fixed what was broken.

As he entered me my heart broke again, knowing that this was all we had, and that I was settling instead of being strong enough to walk away.

Chapter 2

Jamey

She knew what I wanted, and was always able and willing to give it to me. That's the reason that I kept her around. Besides, I didn't like the idea of sharing something that was mine. Peyton was sexy in every way. From her thick thighs to that perfectly supple ass, she had me at hello. She thought I'd never noticed her when we were younger, but the truth was that I'd fantasized about being inside of that for a long damn time.

I enjoyed coming home and knowing she was lying naked beside me. It was convenient and I usually didn't complain. What rubbed me the wrong way was the fact that we'd started this little thing between us with our eyes open. I'd been clear to her that we weren't going to get serious. A year later she was expecting things I wasn't capable of. As much as I wanted to tell her to get out of my house, I couldn't give up the good pu**y, not without regret.

Sure, Peyton and I weren't just about sex. We were friends long before, well somewhat. We shared friends, which made seeing each other a frequent thing. Our small town only provided us with so many places to go, or clicks to be a part of. Since working at the diner for my mother I'd met everyone that came through the door, which happened to be everyone from town. Once in a while a stray chick would come by on her way to the beach, and I was the first face she saw when she walked through that door.

I suppose that my problems started when my douche brother decided to throw in the bachelor towel and get tied down to a woman. Sure, she was sexy as all hell, and I didn't blame him for wanting to hit it. I just couldn't fathom how any woman could be good enough to never want anything else again.

I may be content with Peyton, but that didn't mean I wasn't paying close attention to what else was out there.

My problems weren't just with my brother. Peyton's brother Shayne, unlike her twin brother Parker, was always up in my shit. His threats were getting on my last nerve, so I refused to be around him. Most of that was Peyton's fault anyway. Every time she didn't get her way with me, she'd run to him crying about what we were fighting about. He was in our business way too much, and that didn't set right with me.

I took myself out of the equation, knowing she'd still end up back in my bed at night. For the past year or so it had become expected. I was used to her, and as much as I could tell she longed for more, she stuck around because apparently I was just that good.

This time was no different. She'd started on me about seeing the family and we'd ended up naked in bed. The more pissed she made me the more turned on I got. I couldn't help it. I liked to fight with her. I enjoyed seeing her face turn red, and even the fact that I could make her emotional at the drop of a hat. I had her right where I wanted her, giving me the upper hand. As long as I stayed in control of the situation we didn't have to put labels on things.

It wasn't like I was a dick all the time. I bought her things and took her places a lot Actually, when it was just us, and we weren't fighting about stupid shit, I actually enjoyed her company.

Peyton made me work during sex, in which I liked the challenge. Being with her was like being with someone new once a week. She was always changing things up, causing me to stay interested. Sometimes she was desperate and it showed. This day had been a perfect example of that. She knew if she could get me to this point I'd crumble and change my mind.

She was wrong.

I thrust my body into hers, feeling those legs wrapped around my back. My nails dug into the plump skin of her ass and I lifted her off the mattress. With her halfway in the air, and me on my knees I got into a good pace. Peyton flicked her own ni**les as I watched. "Lick them, baby. Show me how you do it."

She pushed her tit up and licked over the tips of her nipple. I closed my eyes for a second, trying to focus on anything but my release. She bit down on that puffy lip and moaned before doing it again. "Lick it with me. Come closer."

I slowed my pace, dropping her ass back on the bed and bringing my lips up to her nipple. As my tongue brushed over it I felt her tongue traipsing over mine. This time I was the one moaning as we repeated the process. "My sexy girl," was all I could grumble as I kissed her lips. Her tongue fought with mine enough to trigger that ache between my legs. Forcefully I filled her, stiffening my own body as she cried out and held me close.

Our eyes met a few seconds later and I saw that spark in hers. She was content and it was the perfect time for me to leave with my friends without another confrontation. For the moment she was satisfied. She wouldn't call or text me every half hour asking stupid questions, like when I was coming home, or if there were any chicks there. The redundancy was getting on my last nerve, and I knew that I wouldn't be able to take it much longer without addressing the situation.

I separated our bodies and climbed off the bed, tossing her a towel off the floor to clean up with. Without looking back at her I redressed. Before I grabbed my cell phone off the bedside table I leaned over and kissed her on the forehead. "I'll see you tonight. Don't forget that I've got to help my mom in the mornin', so if you end up stayin' late at your brother's house I'll probably just shower and go to bed. Wake me up when you get home."

I walked out of the room when I saw those blue puppy-dog eyes looking back at me. I couldn't look at them and not want to climb back into that bed.

My mother was downstairs on her way out the door. Her hair was still wet from a shower. "Don't forget tomorrow."

"I won't, Mom. I've worked Sundays since I was in diapers."

"Don't be flip. I know how you are. One minute you say you'll be there and the next you're callin' from the beach sayin' you ain't comin' home for days."

"I haven't done that in a long time." I grabbed a couple bottles of water out of the refrigerator and stuck them in a grocery bag as I spoke. "Besides, you've hired a ton of new people to help out since Joey quit."

She rolled her eyes. "Don't remind me. None of them are half as good as your brother was. Pretty soon I'm going to have to put you in the back to cook."

I gave her a handsome look. "You can't hide me in the back. I bring in the ladies and you know it."

My mother smacked me on the arm as we both walked out to our cars. "You've got a nice girl upstairs in your bedroom. Don't talk like that in front of me, boy. You know better. In fact, if you feel the need to act like that than maybe you shouldn't have a girl livin' in our house. I like Peyton. I've known her since she was born, but that don't make it right. I'm not wantin' to hear anymore shit from her daddy because she's stayin' at our house. I gave him my word that you'd be good to her. You think I don't hear her cryin'?"

Crying? "What are you talkin' about?" I played dumb, knowing damn well she was probably crying when I went out without her.

"Jamey, do you think I'm stupid? I've raised two hard-headed boys. That girl is crazy about you. Treat her right or let her go. The relationship between you two has caused me enough grief. I should have never let you move her in here in the first place."

My friends pulled up in a big pickup truck that was pulling a trailer full of four-wheelers. "I've gotta go. Peyton's fine, Mom. She's just being a chick. I'll see you in the mornin'."

My mother climbed into her car after calling me a name. I gave her a hard time like every other woman in my life. Sure, I was cocky. I knew I was. That didn't mean I had to change to get what I wanted. I knew how to play my mother even better than I could mess with Peyton. Women were easy to read, and even easier to control.

Once we got the four-wheelers loaded onto the trailer I climbed into the crew cab and was shocked with the person sitting next to me.

Her name was Angie. She was my friend, Turk's cousin from New Jersey, and I hadn't seen her since we'd hooked up, right before I started seeing Peyton. Her smile welcomed me, and I couldn't help but smile back. It brought me back to the weekend we'd spent together at the beach. "Long time no see," I said as we started to pull away from my house.

"Yeah." She licked her glossy lips. "It has been. You look good, Jamey."

"You too." I couldn't lie. Two years had changed her for the better. I looked away and saw Peyton walking out to her car. My jaw clenched as I thought about her finding out that I was spending the day with someone I'd been with. She'd be pissed. Hell, she might even leave. For the first time in a long time it made me rethink going to the cookout with her.

The further we got away from the house, the better I felt about my decision. What Peyton didn't know wouldn't hurt her. It wasn't like I was going to nail this chick next to me. My dick was spent for the time being, and she'd come home and give it to me again if I asked.

It was still going to be a long and very hard day.

Chapter 3

Peyton

I watched Jamey out the window speaking to his mother. From inside I could hear his flip comments. It hurt me so much. I knew I needed to be strong and hold my ground, but somehow I couldn't come up with the strength to do it. Yes, Jamey was cocky and he didn't always treat me respectfully, but with the bad there was still good in him. I clung to the hope that one day he'd realize how much he meant to me, and that I'd do anything to be with him forever.

I didn't bother putting on my makeup, knowing that I'd cried off whatever I had on. My family were used to seeing me without it anyway. If they gave me a hard time I still had enough things at Shayne's house to reapply. Even though I stayed at Jamey's house, I wasn't technically moved in with him. Most of my things were still at my brothers. I kept them there for two reasons. Need be, if our fights got too bad I could go there and feel like I wasn't without my things. The other was that if we were to break up I'd have a place to live. I sort of felt like if I took everything out of the house then Shayne would make it a playroom and I'd lose my resource.

Thanks to my brother, and his new wife, Ashley, I had a job. The pay wasn't great, but it wasn't like I had bills. My dad had paid cash for my car, and the insurance was still under his and my moms. My only bill was a cellphone and two credit cards for department stores. I made enough for all three of those in one week. Unlike what my family assumed, I was saving as much as I could in an account. I didn't always want to rely on my brother, but I was only turning twenty, so I figured I had time to figure out what I wanted to do. My dad, who I never got along with, was too caught up with my brother Parker to worry about me anyway. He spent most of his days gaining gray hairs over the mess my brothers had made.

Shayne raising Parker's twins wasn't just hard on my parents. Shayne had taken the brutal blow of almost losing them because of Parker. We'd turned our backs on him because he wouldn't give up hope of having a future with Ashley.

Their marriage seemed to heal a lot of damaged people. My parents came around and finally really accepted her as being a permanent part of the family, and Shayne had never been happier. Plus, he had the twins, which were the light of his life.

Parker, on the other hand, had stayed away as if we all had the plague. He couldn't come to grips with the fact that Ashley had given birth to twins after a one-night stand they shared together. After Ashley's aneurism her memories became distorted. She remembered most things, but little details still escaped her sometimes. I got used to it, being around her everyday while my brother worked. Helping her take care of the twins felt so natural after doing it for so long. To be honest I think they just kept me around because I was family. Ashley was fully capable of doing everything they needed, except for when she had doctor's appointments. The twins kept me busy enough to not dwell on my relationship with Jamey, or lack there of. I focused on them throughout the day, and went home to deal with him at night.

There was nothing more upsetting than pulling up at my brother's house without Jamey, again. I spotted Lacey and Joey out in the back yard. She waved when she saw me pull up. I rolled my eyes and looked at the empty seat next to me. Jamey was out somewhere with his friends, probably not thinking about me at all.

I was so sick of everyone, including Lacey, telling me that he was no good for me. I knew how he was, but it was my choice to stick it out.

If Joey could change then there was still hope for Jamey. There had to be. He couldn't live his whole life controlling women to get what he wanted.

I hated myself more for knowing he was doing it to me and I was doing nothing to stop it. The truth was that I wanted to give him whatever he asked for, because somewhere deep inside I wanted to be his forever.

My sister-in-law, Ashley, greeted me at the door. She was holding a bottle of condiments in each of her hands. "Hey, we were wondering where you were." She looked past me. "He didn't come again?"

Ashley was always the easiest for me to talk to. Maybe it was because she grew up knowing Joey and his younger brother, or maybe it was because she was now my sister. I didn't really care what had bonded us as friends, since most of mine had gone off to college and forgotten all about our tiny ass town, and the people in it.

It wasn't like I had tons of friends to begin with. My reputation kept girls from trusting me. I was the female that the girls hid their boyfriends from, in fear of me taking them. Sometimes I did it too. In my defense I was young and stupid. Ashley thinks it was because my brother Parker always got all of the attention, leaving me to crave it from wherever I could find some. She'd been taking a few classes online in hopes to become a therapist. She said she didn't want to be a psychiatrist that could prescribe medication, but wanted to help people by talking about their problems and coming up with other solutions.

She had her own demons, and a father that did his best to ruin her life.

Another reason we were close; our daddy issues.

"He made plans with friends a while back before you told us about the cookout," I lied. As a matter of fact, I'd say anything to get everyone off my back. Ashley was only the beginning though.

My brother came up to me as soon as I walked out back. I saw my parents pushing the twins on their matching swings. They both acknowledged me as I went to say hello to Lacey. She was sitting with my cousin Ford and his girlfriend Sky. It was still weird seeing all of them together in the same house. I never thought Shayne and Joey would get over themselves to be in the same room, but love had changed them. Even Ford, who used to date Ashley, had come around. I sat down with them and folded my hands, trying to get right into their current conversation.

Lacey spoke first. "We were just talking about you."

"You were?" That could never be good.

"We were taking bets on if Jamey would show," Ford laughed out his words.

I picked up a cheese curl out of the bowl between us and tossed it his way. "Don't be a dick. He had something to do."

"Yeah, I bet he did." Ford rolled his eyes.

"All that matters is that you're here," Lacey added to soften the mood.

They all knew the truth.

My lies were even starting to get on my nerves.

Sky shoved Ford before addressing the elephant in the room. She leaned in as she spoke, making sure nobody else than our table could hear. "Don't let him get to you. He's cut off for going golfing with your brother yesterday, so he's in a grumpy mood."

"That's not true," he disagreed.

I smiled as they bickered amongst themselves. When their conversation started to get personal I turned my attention to Lacey. "So what's new?"

She shrugged. "Joey's been so busy with the restaurant that I've barely been able to talk to Sky and we live next door." Lacey's father owned a vineyard and restaurant about an hour away. Since Joey had returned home and begun looking for a permanent job, he'd kind of fallen into a partnership with Lacey's dad. It was weird how Ford and Joey both worked for their girlfriend's parents, but both jobs didn't require them to be anywhere near each other. Lacey's dad owned lots of small business', so him buying a restaurant for his daughter and her chef boyfriend to run made sense. "Joey's taking me to look at houses closer to the restaurant this week."

"So you're going to move near Easton?"

"St. Michaels. We want to be able to ride our bikes to work, you know to be able to work out before and after, since all the time we spend there takes away from the gym."

I looked over at my brother, Shayne, and Joey. They were standing at the grill, and I didn't want to know what they were talking about, since most of the time they avoided each other. "That can't be good," I said as I pointed toward the two.

"Shayne's telling Joey about his realtor friend. Joey wants to buy a foreclosure that needs work. As if we don't have enough on our plate."

"Stop acting like your daddy isn't going to help you, Lace. You know he is," Sky interrupted.

"Probably. He hates our small apartment, and the fact that not even half of my clothes fit in our closets."

"You have problems," I noted. Sky and I began to laugh, even though she was in the same situation with Lacey. How they ended up as a part of my extended family was beyond me.

"Speaking of problems, has Joey talked to Jamey about taking over our lease?" Lacey's question only made me more concerned about my relationship with Jamey.

"I have no clue. Was he supposed to?"

"He told me he did it last week some time."

That explained everything. Jamey and I were fighting a lot last week over a number that I found in the center console of his car. He claimed that it was old, but it didn't make sense since we'd cleaned his car a dozen times in the past year. I knew he still flirted with women that came into the diner, but getting their numbers and not throwing them away was a whole different ballgame. To me, it meant he was interested in them. "He probably forgot to mention it."

Sky asked the next question. "Are you excited about the ski trip we're all taking together this Thanksgiving?"

My heart dropped. "Ski trip?"

"Yeah, we saw Jamey last Sunday at the diner. He said to count him in for two people. Maybe he wants to surprise you with it? That's so sweet. Don't tell him I told you, just in case."

I tried to smile, implying that I'd be the one that he invited, though I knew it wasn't the truth. As the day went by I was suddenly realizing that maybe all my efforts were for nothing. Jamey wasn't making plans for us long term. I was a temporary fix.

I began to cry, unable to hold my emotions in any longer. I knew they'd follow me into the house and up the stairs, expecting me to spill about what was going on with me, but I wasn't prepared for what they were going to say to me.

I'd made it to the bathroom before the door opened and they found me sitting on the closed toilet seat. "Come out with it. What's going on? Did you break up?"

I looked over through my tear-filled eyes to see Lacey, Sky, and Ashley waiting for an answer. "You're not going to go away until I tell you, are you?"

"I told you he doesn't treat her right," Sky said to Lacey.

"We didn't break up, well, not exactly. Things are just complicated. I love him so much it hurts, you know? I want to be serious with Jamey, but he acts like that word is off limits. I don't know what else to do to make him change. I try to make him happy. I give him everything he wants. He says I'm clingy and pushes me away, though. What am I doing wrong?" I needed a solution that obviously I couldn't figure out myself.

"You need to dump his ass," Ashley interrupted.

"Yeah, you should," Sky agreed.

Before I could argue Lacey added, "What they mean is that if you cut him off he'll come running back."

"What if he doesn't?" It was my greatest fear. "What if he's only hanging on for the sex?"

Lacey leaned down and touched my arm. "If that's what he's doing do you really want to be with him? Peyton you deserve to be happy."

"I'm happy when I'm with Jamey."

"No you're not," Ashley announced. "You complain about him every day. I hear you fighting with him on the phone, and watch you read his texts."

I looked away from the women in the bathroom. "So I'm just supposed to break my own heart to see if he comes back?"

"Honey, you're heart is already broken. Don't you see that?" Ashley came in and the other two moved aside. "Your brother tries to keep quiet about it, but he tells me how worried he is. When you're with Jamey it's like you become blind."

"He can change." I was taking up for him, defending him when I knew it was wrong. "He just needs time."

Lacey corrected me right away. "You need to be away from him, Peyton. Just come here for a few weeks and let things settle down. The two of you are like gasoline to a fire. If you keep going on like this there's going to be an explosion. He talks to his brother and I know you don't want to hear it, but he's not serious like you are. Don't keep hurting yourself day in and day out. Make him see what he's lost. It's the only way you'll know how he really feels. Trust me."

I wanted to trust them, not just because they had me pinned in the bathroom, but because I knew deep down that they were right. Jamey was using me because I was letting him. As much as it broke my heart I was the only person who could do anything about my predicament. "I do trust you. It's just harder than just walkin' away. I don't know if I can do it."

"You have to." They all said at once.

I let out an air-filled laugh behind my tears. "What if I don't want to?"

What if I couldn't was the real question that I needed to be asking. Walking away from something that I loved wasn't going to be easy at all, not when I had this ill feeling that he'd be perfectly fine about it, and I'd be left all alone, feeling worse than I did. "Fine," I began to cry more as I spoke. "I'll break up with Jamey."

They stayed in the bathroom with me until I could come to grips with my decision and calm down. Sky stayed with me when Shayne and Joey came looking for Ashley and Lacey.

I tried to change the subject. "It's weird seeing you all gettin' along with Ash."

"She's been through a lot. At the end of the day Shayne and Ford are family. I can choose to hate her and stay away, or forgive her and be with my boyfriend. He left the choice to me."

"She's changed. Even before the aneurism she was different," I agreed.

"Your brother saved her. They're good together."

Sky knew Shayne because he dated Lacey. She knew him as a male whore, who cheated. Then she watched him, just like we all did, change into the man he now was; the devoted father and husband. It was still weird to wrap my head around, but I saw that devotion firsthand, and admired that every man could change. It's the reason why I had such hopes of changing Jamey. "Do you think Jamey loves me?"

I could see the doubt across her face before she answered. It was like a knife driving into my chest. "I think Jamey needs to stop loving himself before he can begin to love someone else. I'm sorry, Pey. I know it isn't what you want to hear."

I sniffled and looked away. "I know."

"You'll get through this." Her encouragement wasn't going to help me tell Jamey that I was walking away from whatever we had. I was going to have to do it all on my own, and I wasn't sure how I was going to find the courage the go through with it, but knew I had to.

I couldn't face my family and friends until I was in control of my life again. Hell or high water, I was going to free myself of his hold on me. If he came running back begging me to be with him, I'd reconsider. If he didn't I'd have to find a way to fall out of love with him.

Chapter 4

Jamey

Normally I would hate that some chick tagged along with us, but Ang was different. She could hang out with all of us guys and not be annoying. Plus she looked so good covered in mud; those perfect tits were dripping with dirt running between them. I couldn't help but look at her and not think about her being bent over in the lifeguard stand at the beach. Her hair was different from the last time I'd seen her. The brown was darker almost a black, and it was pulled back in a ponytail. She wore these big zirconia earrings that attracted me to her lobes that I'd once nibbled on.

"See something you like?" She'd caught me looking.

"I see somewhere I've already been before. Don't get the two confused." I had to be cocky or else I'd have her bent over a muddy machine while my two friends were out there somewhere chasing each other around still.

"Why'd you follow me back here?"

"I left my two waters in the truck. You had nothin' to do with it." I grabbed one of the bottles and opened it up, dumping a few drips over my face and washing off the mud before it dried. "Though I see you're still thinkin' about me."

"Maybe." She held out her hand for the bottle that had just left my lips. "Do you mind?"

I handed her the bottle and felt our hands touching as it was exchanged. "My cousin tells me that you've got yourself a girlfriend. I've got to be honest." She dumped some water on her chest and started rubbing the mud around. I couldn't stop looking. "I never thought you'd settle down."

"Me? Settle down?" I let out an air-filled sigh. "That shit ain't happenin'. I don't know where you heard that from, but I ain't tied down to anyone." My mind went directly to Peyton, and I immediately felt guilt. I hated that she got to me like that, and was determined to make it go away. If there was a chance that I could hit Ang again, I wanted to at least have the option.

"So you're not living with someone?"

"I've got a friend that stays at my house, yes, but we're just that. We f**k each other, but she knows how I am."

Ang took a sip of water before handing me the bottle back. She peered into my eyes and licked over her lips. "I know how you are too."

"That was a long time ago. I'm surprised you remember it at all." I had to walk away, because I didn't feel like dealing with the bullshit that would happen if I let my dick lead the way. "We should get back out there."

She grabbed my arm as I began to walk by her. "Wait. I'm not finished catching up." She pulled me her way and I smacked into her chest. I looked down and saw intent on her eyes. "If you're not with someone than why can't we catch up?" Her finger ran over my bottom lip. I grabbed her arm and took a step back. My laugh wasn't because I was happy. It was because I knew I had a choice. Sure, I could nail her and Peyton would possibly never find out. I kept saying that I owed her nothing, but at the end of the day, when put into these kind of situations, I always chose her, because she was the best. "Maybe I do have someone at home."

"Maybe I don't care," she said as she inched closer again.

I took both hands and shoved her away. "That's the problem with women like you. You don't care. I'm over that. Besides, I've already been knee deep inside that pu**y of yours. There's nothin' new there for me to be interested in." Sometimes being a cocky ass**le came in handy. Not only did it drive a wedge between me and Peyton, but it also drove away hoochies that spread their legs for every dude around.

Her face changed, and I could tell I hit a nerve. "Fuck you, Jamey. I should have known you'd be a douche."

"I am who I am. Nothin' changes, baby."

"That chick can have you. It wasn't that good anyway."

Sure, it was a kick to my pride, but girls like her were everywhere. I didn't need to stick my dick in New Jersey for a good time. "You jealous?"

She climbed on the four-wheeler and started it before she answered. "I'm too good for you anyway."

"Whatever!" She wasn't worth the chase.

It was dark before we all headed home, and Ang never spoke to me again. I climbed out of the truck, noticing that Peyton was already home from the cookout. Since Ang had gotten me worked up, I couldn't wait to climb into that bed and feel Pey's naked body against mine. Something about her drove me crazy. If she'd just stop complaining about everything we'd be good. I said my goodbyes to my friends and ignored Ang as I headed inside of my house.

All of the lights were off, and my hopes of getting a piece of ass were increasing as I made my way to my bedroom. I'd already pulled off my shirt and kicked off my boots before leaning in to kiss her. "Hey. I'm back."

She leaned over and turned on the light. "You're filthy."

"I expected a kiss before you complained about somethin'."

"I just got a shower, Jamey. Maybe I don't feel like sleepin' in a dirty bed."

I lifted her chin up to my lips. "Maybe I like makin' the bed dirty with you."

She pushed me away, which wasn't out of character, especially after I'd been out with my friends instead of being with her. "Just go get a shower."

"Make me," I teased, hoping she'd want to join me, even though she'd already gotten one. I could smell how sweet she smelled and it made my dick ache even more than it already was.

"Please. I don't feel like arguin' with you." Her attitude was nasty.

"What's your f**kin' problem?"

"You are." Peyton got up off the bed and looked at me. "How you treat me. That's my problem. I'm not a toy. I have feelin's that you don't seem to care about."

I put my hands up in the air. "Whoa! What's this about? What did I do to you now? Is this shit because of your brother?"

"No. It has nothin' to do with Shayne or anyone else. It has to do with you and me. How long do you expect me to be in this arrangement without admitting that we're somethin' more than f**k buddies?"

"Pey, it ain't just about that and you know it."

"Oh yeah? When have you ever introduced me as your girlfriend?" she asked as she started to cry. "For more than a year I've tried to be what you wanted, but it gets me nowhere."

I was getting annoyed. "Every time you're with them you come home actin' like this."

"This isn't about them I told you!" she was adamant.

"Then what? What brought this on?"

"Everything!" Peyton wasn't making sense. When I'd left the house we'd just screwed. Nothing had changed in my mind.

"You're bein' ridiculous. I'm gettin' a damn shower. Maybe when I get out you'll have calmed down."

I left her there crying in my room. It wasn't like I didn't care, I did. Peyton was special to me. She should have known that. I'd never let another girl stay with me like she did. I took her places, and people knew we were more than friends. So what if I didn't label it as something more. It wasn't necessary. It was better this way. If I decided that I wanted out, I had nothing holding me back.

I took my time in the shower, too tired to put up with another argument. When I climbed out, I wrapped a towel around my waist and walked into my bedroom. Peyton was still crying, and she was packing her stuff in a book bag. "What now, Pey? What did I do now?"

"I can't do this anymore, Jamey. I can't sit here waitin' for you to come around. I want more and you're never goin' to give it to me. Why should I bother tryin' anymore?"

Her tears were real, and I'd never paid such close attention to her as I was at that very moment, while standing in only a towel. "You'll change your mind." I made the statement but second guessed it as soon as she didn't respond. "I don't get why you're bein' like this. I didn't do shit to you. In fact, I could have f**ked this chick today, but I didn't."

That got her attention. "You said you were four-wheelin'?"

"I was. She was there with us."

I could see the look of disappointment rush over her face. "I can't do this with you. It hurts too much. Screw whoever you want Jamey. We're done. I'm through with tryin'."

"This is all because I won't commit? I don't believe that." I followed her downstairs toward the kitchen exit. "We were fine this mornin'."

She turned around and pointed right at my face. "You were fine. You were fine with stickin' your thing in me to shut me up. You think I don't know how you work? Nothin' was fine this mornin', not even when we were in bed. It hasn't been fine in as long as I can remember. We fight all of the time, and it never gets us any closer to bein' happy."

"Pey, wait." I grabbed her by the arm and forced her to come to a halt. "We fight to make up. You know how it is between us. I thought you liked it."

"I don't like anything about it. Don't you get it, you idiot, I want more. I want a man that will take me places and hold my hand. I want a man that will talk about me when I'm not around. I want a man that makes plans for the future knowin' that I'll be in it."

I threw my arms in the air. "I'm not that guy. I never will be. You knew that from the beginnin'."

She shook her head and tightened up her face, as if it was hurting her physically to look at me. "Well I thought you'd change."

"Come on. You know me. Are we really havin' this conversation when you know damn well you're goin' to call me later and beg me to let you come back?"

She pushed me clear across the kitchen floor and turned to walk outside. I caught my footing and went after her, holding the towel so that it didn't fall off. We lived in the country and I didn't give a shit if someone rode by and saw me standing outside in a towel.

"I won't call you, Jamey. I'll never call you again." She got in her car and pulled out of the driveway.

I stood there watching her leave, wondering how long it was going to take her to contact me.

It was a good thing I didn't sit there staring at my phone. Peyton didn't call me, or text. By midnight I shot her a message to check on her. She'd never been so distraught over our situation before, and I wondered what had brought it on.

Are you okay? - J

It took her a good thirty minutes before she responded.

I will be. - P

What was that supposed to mean?

For the first time in my life a woman had walked away from me before I'd asked her to, and I wasn't okay with it. It not only rubbed me the wrong way, but it left a bad taste in my mouth. Maybe I'd been too quick to judge my feelings for Peyton. There was a good chance that she was going to make me work to get her back in my good graces, which was something I'd also never done before.

Like it or not, I'd get her back in my bed. Just because I couldn't commit didn't mean she wasn't mine.

Chapter 5

Peyton

It took all of the energy that I had to conjure up the courage to walk away from Jamey, and every bit of strength I had to not contact him. The truth was that a part of me knew we weren't going anywhere, but I was settled into the monotony of what we did have. Maybe the girls were right. Jamey was never going to change and I needed to walk away from him completely to see it.

When I arrived back at Shayne's house he didn't have to ask what was wrong. Either Ashley told him, or after I'd left everyone felt it necessary to talk about me. I felt like I couldn't trust anyone; that I was all alone to suffer without the support of even my family.

It only took me a good thirty minutes to decide that I needed to get away from everyone. I was back in my car and driving to the one person that would never give me a hard time; the one person that knew me completely, who had enough shit on his plate to know better than to judge me.

Parker's dorm was locked, causing me to have to call him and pray that he answered. It was nearly midnight when I reached his college campus, and I knew he'd probably already be in bed. A voice answered that I didn't recognize.

"Hello?"

"Is Parker there?"

"He's in bed. Hang on." I heard him waking up my brother.

"Yeah. This better be important."

"It's me. I'm outside. Come let me in."

"Peyton, it's midnight. What the hell? You can't just come in here after hours."

"I'll be quiet. Bring me a hat or something to hide my hair. I'm wearing a jacket and I'll sneak in."

"You've got to be kiddin' me. Is this one of your pranks?"

"No, you dumb ass. I'm outside and I need to come in."

I heard him shuffling and a door opening. Finally I saw his feet coming down the stairs that led to the front of the building. He opened them and looked around before letting me in. "Hurry up before someone sees you."

"You act like girls don't sneak in here all the time."

He waited until we reached his room to talk to me. I suppose he didn't want anyone hearing us. His roommate was back asleep, but had stuck headphones in his ears and didn't even notice that I was there.

Parker sat me down on his bed and crossed his arms. "What's up?"

"I broke up with Jamey. I mean, I ended whatever it was he was callin' it." I began to cry and Parker sat down beside me. He put his hand on my leg and let me lean my head on him, like we did when we were younger. "I didn't know where to go. I just had to get away. I need to be where he can't call me and invite me over easily."

"If you broke up with him why are you worried about goin' back? I'm a little confused, sis."

"He won't get serious. It's all just a game to him. I want more. Is that so hard to understand?"

"No. I get it. It's just that with your track record and Jamey's, it was kind of expected. I mean, nobody thought you'd work out anyway."

"Thanks, a lot."

He laughed and kissed the top of my head. "I'm sorry. I'm tired so ignore me. I didn't mean to be a dick to you. Come on." He pulled down his covers. "We're goin' to have to share, because there's no way I'm lettin' you crawl in bed with Chris over there. He farts in his sleep, by the way."

Parker was trying to make me smile. It worked for a second. We climbed into his tiny twin bed and I nestled my back into his chest. "This is like when we were little and I had a bad dream."

"Yeah, except you're much taller."

I smiled again. "I know everyone is mad at you, but being here was the one place where I knew I'd feel better."

"We share the same DNA. As far as everyone else goes there's nothin' I can say or do that will make them see I'm sorry. Shayne and Dad are probably goin' to pissed at me forever. As long as I have you, I know I'll be okay."

My phone vibrating caught me off guard. Parker sat up with me and watched as I checked my messages. "It's Jamey. He wants to know if I'm okay."

"Here." He held out his hand. I gave him my phone and watched him type in a reply. When he handed me back the phone he had a big grin on his face.

"What did you write?"

"I told him that you will be. It's true. He's just a guy, Pey. He's just another notch that you'll soon forget about. Come on, how many guys have you thought you were in love with?"

I shoved my brother. "Three, and I was."

"No you weren't." He shook his head before laying back down on the bed. "You just thought you were. The truth is that when you find that one person you'll know it without a doubt."

"What if I already feel that way?"

I laid back down next to him and started to tear up again.

"I don't know, sis. I suppose time will make it easier. You just need to focus on now much of an idiot he is to let you go."

"That's what I'm hopin' for, actually."

"What?" He sat up again and looked over at me. "Don't tell me this is all some ploy to get him to commit."

I shrugged. "Kind of."

Parker rubbed his face, seemingly disappointed in my choices. "What is with you women and your head games?"

"This isn't a game. It's my heart, Parker. I want him to love me, and the girls said that if I wanted to know for sure how he felt I needed to force it out of him. Jamey's taken advantage of me for a long time. Whether he loves me or not is yet to be determined, but either way I took myself out of the equation to let him decide on his own."

"You're fully prepared for him to not come runnin'?"

My lips trembled as I answered. "Not really, but I'll have to be."

"Pey, maybe it's because I'm tired, but your plan sounds like an epic fail. You set the guy free. He's never been one to settle down anyway. You and Jamey, well it was always more than he admitted. Just because you didn't put a stupid label on it didn't make it real."

I felt my stomach knotting up. "So you think I screwed up?"

"I don't know. Jamey's a douche. He always has been. There's no tellin' what he does. At least he messaged to check on you. That there proves that he cares."

"I don't want him to just care about me. I already know he does. He might not show it, but he does."

"That's just it. You want him to be all in. Maybe he's not capable of it."

"Just go back to bed, Parker. You're making me want to puke."

"There's a bottle of whiskey in my top drawer. I've got class in the mornin' so I'm goin' to take your advice. You can crash here as long as you need to, just don't tell them your last name in case you get caught."

I knew he meant well, but Parker never held back his feeling when it came to me, especially when it had to do with some guy. Just like everyone else that knew me, he thought Jamey was just another guy that I'd soon get over. Why was it so hard for everyone to understand that this time was different for me. I was in love with that man, and I had been for a long time.

For a while I just laid there staring at nothing but darkness. Beside me my brother snored lightly, while his roommate tossed and turned and talked in his sleep about some paper that he lost. While trying to focus on anything besides not being in bed next to Jamey, I finally dozed off.

The next thing I knew I was waking up alone in the small twin sized bed. Parker left me a little note on his pillow.

Dear sister that woke me up in the middle of the night:

I'm having lunch with my girlfriend if you want to tag along. Text me and I'll tell you where to meet us. You're going to be okay, Peyton. If you need me I'm just a phone call away.

Parker

There was no way I was going to feel like the third wheel, so I didn't text my brother. Instead I ravaged his drawers looking for something edible to appease my grumbling stomach. When I came up empty, I decided to go out and find the cafeteria. After brushing my teeth and hair, and changing into clean clothes, I stepped out onto the campus and asked the first girl I came in contact with.

Finding the place was easy, and filling up a tray full of food was easier. It was deciding where to sit that was the big dilemma. I never anticipated someone approaching me with an invite. "Hey, you look lost. I'm Seth." His hair was a light brown, and he had these eyes that were just about the same color as his hair. His teeth were perfect, but not the kind that had been through years of braces. I smiled and tried to be polite, even though I had no interest in sitting with a strange guy.

"I'm here visitin' my brother."

"A southern drawl. How sexy. You want to join me and my friends while you eat?"

I looked down at the tray, and over where he was pointing. At a few outside tables was a bunch of people chatting and carrying on with each other. They all looked so happy, and I felt left out because I didn't want the whole college experience. "I appreciate the offer, but I'm just going to sit inside and wait for my brother," I lied.

"If you need a tour, I'm your man." He patted my shoulder and walked back outside with his friends. I tried not to look too many times out the window at them, but curiosity got the best of me. Each time I glanced out that glass pane I saw a life that I could be having. I saw a future that I could have been giving myself, had I just made the right choices. It was unsettling that on top of my break-up I was dwelling on what else I could have had.

My appetite was definitely affected by my inability to focus on anything positive. After throwing away more than I ate, I retreated back to my brother's room to hide out. The messages started coming in a little after I'd gotten settled.

How long are you going to act like this? - J

Avoiding me doesn't solve anything. - J

I wrote back before I could talk myself out of it.

I want more than you're willing to give me. - P

You want something that's impossible for me to give you. We're good together. Can't you be happy with that? - J

Not anymore. I'm tired of settling. I deserve more. You can either give me what I want or watch me walk away. - P

I waited for him to answer, and regretted sending him the message. It was easy to be strong behind the screen of my phone.

Have it your way. Don't come back begging once you find out I've moved on. - J

It hurt so much to read, but I think I did it fifteen times before tossing my phone onto the floor. In my mind I knew that my family had been right about Jamey, but it didn't make my heart feel any better. I'd given him too much time to let go so easily. There had to be another way to get him to see that I was worth it.

My brother showed up some time in the afternoon. Since I refused to look at my phone anymore I didn't bother checking for the time. His roommate had also stopped by, but only to grab a change of clothes. After locating his Xbox, underneath of a pile of clothes, I'd helped myself to playing it. Parker plopped down on the bed behind me and tried to get the paddle out of my hands. "Let me have a turn."

"What are you five? I'm not sharin'. I got this far and you're just pissed because I've always been better at this stuff than you."

Parker fought me more for the paddle. He knew he was stronger than me, but didn't put up a fight once I started screaming. When I won the battle the game didn't seem all that interesting anymore. I put the paddle down in my lap and looked over at my brother. "I know I can't stay here."

"I hate that you know what I'm goin' to say before I say it, Pey. Sometimes that whole twin thing ain't what it's cracked up to be."

"I appreciate you lettin' me crash here, but tomorrow I think I'm goin' to go back to Shayne and Ashley's house. I need to face the music and deal with whatever is next in my life."

He rubbed my head, as if I were a dog. Immediately I pulled away from it. "It will all be okay. Once you meet the next guy, you'll forget all about Jamey and his douche hair cut."

I should have rolled my eyes at his comment, or said something witty to reply, but instead I just stared at my brother. "That's it."

"What's it?" He asked.

"I know what I have to do to get him back."

"Whatever you're thinkin' it's probably a terrible idea." His tone changed to being concerned.

"I'm just goin' to go home tonight." I leaned over and kissed him. "Tell your girlfriend I said hi."

He followed me out to the hallway. "Seriously, Peyton, what are you up to?"

"I'm goin' to prove to everyone that Jamey loves me. Watch and learn, brother."

Determined that my plan would work, I set out on the long road home. My idea had to work, because my happiness depended on it.

Chapter 6

Jamey

She was driving me crazy, but I wasn't going to let her know it. If Peyton thought her head games were going to make me beg, she had another thing coming.

After our latest bouts of texts I was fuming, but I was at work and couldn't get away to do anything about it.

My first inclination was to drive to her brother's house and stir up some shit, because I knew he was behind this decision of hers. Peyton wouldn't walk away from me without a good reason. Since I knew I hadn't f**ked up in anyway lately, she didn't have a reason to get on my case and walk out like she had. If she wanted to start shit, I was prepared to give her a reason to regret it.

I spotted Ang and her cousin walking into the diner. She gave me a dirty look as they sat down, and I made sure the other server knew that I'd be taking care of them before I made my way over. "What's up guys? You hungry or did you just come here to see me?" I geared the last part for only Ang. She shook her head and looked at the menu instead of answering the question. "I'll have a order of cheese fries, with ranch on the side." She handed me back the menu without looking up.

"You want something to drink?"

I saw those eyes looking right at me. "Why, so you can spit in it? I'd rather die of thirst." That New Jersey accent still got to me.

"Fine. What are you havin' buddy?"

"Give me the usual. I want the burger medium, and put gravy on the fries. You can bring out two cokes. If this bitch doesn't want it, I'll drink both." She handed me his menu while she crossed her arms and huffed over his comment.

I walked to the back to make the drinks and put the orders in, but couldn't help wonder if Ang would come around. If Peyton wanted to play the sad puppy and end things with me, it only meant that I was in the market for someone new to bide my time. Since I already knew she was a good time, Ang would be the perfect solution. Besides, she was only visiting, and wouldn't expect anything but a good time while she was around.

I focused on her movements, watching her as I waited on several tables. When I took them their drinks, she refused again to look at me. I smiled just the same, knowing that her attempts were only going to make me try harder.

Once the food came out, I asked someone to fill in for me while I took a short break. I sat her fries down on the table and slid into the booth beside her. "So what's new? You guys goin' out anywhere tonight? You feel like ridin' to the beach, Ang?"

That got her attention. She turned to face me and shook her head. "Some things never change, do they, Jamey?"

I popped one of her fries into my mouth. "Not really."

"You're pathetic. You've got a girlfriend at home, but you're sitting here hitting on me."

"We broke up." I said it without feeling, not because I didn't care, but because I was playing the part. Had it been my mother I may have given her a different reply. For the most part I was just trying to fill an empty spot in my bed, with one main purpose of showing Peyton that two could play her game.

"Really? I didn't know you were officially calling yourself a couple."

"Whatever. I get off in two hours. If you want to have some fun, meet me out back."

I left the check on the table, shook hands with my buddy and walked away without giving her a single glance. She could only play hard to get for so long before she gave in like every other woman. I'd rocked her world the first time we were together, and I was willing to do it again if she let me. Getting Peyton out of my system wasn't going to be easy, and I still wasn't sure if I was ready to just let her go, but for now, Ang could satisfy my hunger.

Two hours later I clocked out and walked outside to an empty parking lot. I stood there laughing to myself about how two women were trying to teach me lessons at the same time. Since I'd technically been stood up, I climbed in my car and decided to go home. I thought that I'd be fine with stepping into my room and not seeing her there, but I'd be lying if I went with that. The room was quiet, and there was no sign left of Peyton at all. She'd taken all of her things, and left an empty spot on her side of the bed. I sat down and ran my hands through my hair. It finally hit me that she was serious about her threats. She wasn't going to call me and beg me to want her. She was done with my bullshit, and I had the choice to change or be without her.

Of course, asking me to change wasn't all that easy. I'd never been in such a predicament. The more I dwelled on the situation, the more pissed off I became. Feeling like I needed to be anywhere but in my house, I changed and headed out. There was no specific place I was headed, it was more to clear my mind.

Since bars were scarce in my neck of the woods, I ended up at the only establishment that sold cold beer, at least until midnight. The jukebox was playing some old ass country song as I walked in and I spotted a couple elderly folks playing slot machines against the far wall. A middle-aged couple was slow dancing to the piss-poor song, swaying their bodies back and forth in sync with one another.

I headed straight for the bar, having only one thing on my mind. That's when I spotted her; the blonde sitting all alone at the end of the bar. I pulled a stool up next to her and called for a beer. She smiled when she noticed me, but turned around before I could speak.

It was weird, feeling so much rejection all at once. A few minutes later the chick paid her tab and left me sitting there without a single sentence. I shrugged and drank my beer in silence, checking my phone more times than I wanted to admit.

Six beers later I was out of cash, and knew I didn't want to break out the debit card, so I paid and left. I had every intention of going home and crashing, except that's not where I ended up.

Her car was parked out in front of her brother's house like I figured it would be. At first I got out and considered leaving her a note inside. I knew she left it unlocked all of the time, because everyone did where we lived.

I'd like to blame my next move on alcohol consumption, since I usually didn't drink so much, but truthfully I probably would have done the same sober.

With no regard for the time I walked up to the front door and started banging on it.

"Let me the f**k in! I need to see Peyton. I'm tired of her games."

It took them forever to answer, and it definitely wasn't Peyton that I was looking into the eyes of. Shayne was standing there in a pair of boxer shorts. He opened the door all of the way as he spoke to me, and I couldn't help but look past him for her. "What the f**k is wrong with you, Jamey? Do you have any idea what time it is? I've got kids that are sleepin'."

"Screw you. I need to see Peyton." I was determined.

"You're drunk."

"No, I ain't!" I smiled and asked again. "Go get Peyton for me, man."

"You're slurring your words and swaying as you talk to me. Don't give me some bullshit about not bein' drunk. Get off my property Jamey. I'm not kiddin'."

"What are you goin' to do, Shayne? You goin' to come outside and attempt to beat my ass? I need to talk to your sister. Just let me in. I need ten minutes to straighten this out."

He shook his head. "I'm closin' the door. You bang on it, and you'll see my fist down your throat. I'm not f**kin' around."

His comment made me laugh. To me, Shayne was always weak. We were about the same build, but he was always whining about something when we were all younger. Now that he was married I just assumed he was a pu**y. "I need to see Peyton. I ain't tryin' to rough you up or nothin'. I didn't come here to fight. I came here to get her back in my bed. You know how it is, right?"

He shut the door in my face.

I laughed and knocked quietly again. "Come on, dude. Let me in. Let me see my girl. She belongs to me, man."

Peyton opened the door in tears. "What are you doin'?"

I smiled and motioned for her to get in my car. "Come back to bed, baby. I'll make you feel better." I was sure of it.

"Bed? You came here to ask me to come back to your bed? You're an ass**le. I can't believe you, Jamey." She closed the door on me again.

I knocked for the third time, but nobody would come to the door to let me in, so I took drastic measures to get her attention. I was determined that I wasn't leaving until she was with me.

I walked over to my car, leaned in the open window and started honking the horn continually until someone would come outside. Finally Shayne came outside with a baseball bat pointed toward me. "Get off my property or I'm callin' the cops."

"Call whoever you want. They can't make me leave from the road. You don't own this, the state highway does."

Shayne put down the bat, shook his head and walked inside. Figuring that I'd told him, I kept honking the horn, calling out for Peyton to come outside. Who knows how long I was doing it, but the police lights let me know that he'd done exactly what he said he was going to do. I stopped with the horn and greeted the officer. "Good evenin' Officer Sparks. I haven't seen you at the diner in a while."

"Jamey, please tell me you ain't the disturbance that someone called about?"

"Me? Disturbin'? Nah, it ain't me. I just came to pick up my girl."

He walked toward the house and I stood there watching. Shayne came right out and started pointing toward me. I knew I was in trouble when Officer Sparks started walking in my direction, so I climbed in my car and took off down the road.

I suppose it was probably a bad idea after drinking to blatantly run from a deputy while intoxicated. I should have known better.

My head sank to the steering wheel as I finally stopped and realized that I was in big trouble. Sparks came up and opened my door. "Get out of the car, Jamey."

I put my hands in the air. "Okay, okay."

I did as he told me and watched him looking me over. "You've been drinkin'?"

"I had a couple drinks. I'm all good though."

He motioned for me to walk to the rear of the vehicle. "Then you don't mind me doin' a sobriety test, do you?"

"Fuck you! I ain't drunk!"

He shoved me against the car and started handcuffing me, while reading me my rights.

A few minutes later we were on our way to the station. I was being booked for a DWI, and resisting an officer. I couldn't believe he was being such a dick to me, considering all the meals that he'd eaten at my mom's establishment.

I tried to plead my case to him, explaining that my girl left me and I needed her to come back to my bed. After calling me a few names, he refused to talk to me anymore. I was left in the backseat to worry about other things, like what my mother was going to do to me when she found out.

I don't remember much after that, except for getting fingerprinted and actually being put in a cell with another drunk dude.

I used my one call to contact Joey and ask him to pick me up in the morning. Apparently I wasn't allowed to leave until I was sobered up. While the drunk man sang until he passed out, I sat in the corner thinking about how I'd gotten myself locked up.

Peyton filled every part of my mind, and I knew I was going to have to change if I wanted her back, the problem was that I didn't know how, and it was soon going to be the hardest thing I'd ever had to learn how to do.

Chapter 7

Peyton

I couldn't believe this was happening. First Jamey showed up at the house drunk as a skunk, trying to get me to come home with him. Though I took into consideration that he was making an effort, there was no way that I was getting into a car with him that way.

I didn't blame my brother for calling the cops, but I sure did feel bad over it. Jamey was going to be in huge trouble, and I felt like I was to blame. If I'd just stayed with him none of this would be happening.

I didn't hear from him at all as the days passed. A part of me yearned to reach out to him, to see if he was okay, but my family talked me out of it. They said he needed to learn a lesson, and being alone was going to teach it to him.

Maryland takes driving under the influence very seriously. Two weeks after his arrest Jamey was ordered to spend thirty days in jail, reduced to fifteen. His license was suspended for six months, and he had to go to drug and alcohol classes. What made it worse was that he never drank or did drugs. This one-time occurrence had left him in a heap of trouble.

He called me the day before he was ordered to report to the jail to surrender himself and put in his time. I didn't hesitate from answering.

"Hey."

"I'm gettin' ready to turn myself in. I just wanted to hear the voice of the person who got me into this situation."

"Seriously? You think it's my fault that you drove drunk?" I was so pissed at him.

"It is your fault. Had you gotten into the damn car and come home with me none of this would have happened. My mom hasn't talked to me in two weeks, and I'm probably goin' to have to move out as soon as I get back. Thanks for nothin' you bitch!"

"Bitch? Screw you, Jamey. You're just pissed because I walked away. You think that you're God's greatest gift to women, and you're wrong. Get over yourself."

"You're the one that wanted someone like me to love you. Think about that!"

"I'm done with this conversation, and with you. Good luck in jail. I hope you get raped up the ass." It made me feel good to act on his level.

"Fuck this, and f**k you!"

He hung up before me, which pissed me off more.

While locked up, I took some time for myself to reflect on the last year of my life. After talking to my parents I decided that I wanted to enroll in community college for the next semester. My parents wrote the check for school faster than I could blink. With all of the money that I'd been saving, I treated myself to a new laptop to be able to do my homework efficiently.

I had a good month before school started, but needed to buy books and other supplies. One day, when visiting the used book store for what I needed, I met this guy who began helping me out. I could tell he was older, and felt comfortable when I noticed him wearing a wedding ring on his finger that he wasn't just trying to hit on me. His name was Wayne, and by the time I'd checked out with what I came for I'd learned that he was a widow. His wife passed away at twenty six years old from a rare form of lymphoma. He explained that they'd dated since high school, had a child before she'd gotten sick, and married just before she died. He then explained that it was the anniversary of her death. I could see nothing but pain and struggle in his eyes. I felt so sad for him that I went to the neighbor store and purchased two coffees, one to take back to him. We sat at a reading table in the front of the store and discussed our problems, as if we were old friends. I told him all about Jamey, the good and the bad. Unlike my family he listened to every word, giving me positive advice, instead of what I was used to getting.

I didn't know if it was pity that drew me to Wayne, or maybe just desperation on my part. I wanted to feel something; anything more than the constant heartbreak that had been consuming me. I wanted to be friends with someone that wanted to be friends with me. Our connection wasn't romantic, but that didn't mean I wouldn't have been open to it becoming more. I liked Wayne. I sympathized for how hard his life had been, and how much pain he dealt with on a daily basis. I'd watched my brother suffer to the extremes, so hearing another man's challenges from loving a woman only gave me hope that somewhere out there was a man that would treat me right.

After that day at the bookstore we met frequently, mostly to talk. Though a handsome man for being in his late twenties, I was attracted to his devotion to his wife and child, Abigail. His daughter, now five, was the light in his life. After one week of our new friendship we'd become social media friends and I got to see the slew of pictures that he took of his growing child.

Each time I met with him I felt like we connected on a level that I'd never experienced before. Maybe it was what happened in adult relationships. I really didn't know, because I'd only ever been young and naive.

Jamey never called me while he was locked up, and he certainly didn't make an effort to see me once he got out. If it wasn't for my seeing Lacey, I would have never known. Though my friends and family checked on me frequently I knew they all had their own lives to worry about. Joey and Lacey were buying a new house. Between running a new business and packing up their things, they weren't in the mood for company. Shayne and Ashley were always busy. By the time he came home from work at night all he wanted to do was be alone with his wife and kids. I understood it, but felt left out just the same. It was as if I couldn't ever find my place; the feeling of belonging.

I'll never forget when I saw Jamey for the first time.

Almost two months had gone by, two months of getting to know a real man with morals and manners. I'd just finished an afternoon lunch with Wayne when I realized I was out of solution for my contact lenses. Since I hated wearing glasses, I asked if Wayne could let me run in the store so I wouldn't have to go back out later. He pulled up out front and waited for me like he said he'd do.

I'd no sooner grabbed the solution when I turned to see Jamey at the register. He was buying a pack of smokes, something he'd quit when we were still seeing each other. He spotted me before I could turn around and hide.

"Long time no see, Pey."

"Yeah. It's been a while." I tried not to look him in the eyes, but it was an epic fail on my part. All of the reasons why I loved him came rushing back into my mind, and I couldn't' stop them if I tried. "How are you?" I really did care.

"Good, I guess."

"I see you're smokin' again. You should quit. It's bad for your health."

He smiled and I felt my body melting. I missed being in his arms and feeling how only he could make me feel.

"Yeah, well it ain't like anyone's worried about my health."

He waited until I paid for my solution to walk me out, and honestly I'd forgotten all about Wayne being outside. "Don't say that." I stepped toward Wayne's car and it finally hit me. Jamey looked around the parking lot for my car, suddenly realizing that it wasn't there. "I'm with a friend."

"A friend?" I had my hand on the door handle when he asked. "When did that happen?"

"Does it matter?" I needed to say my goodbyes and get back in the car with Wayne. He didn't need to be involved in mine and Jamey's never ending issues.

Jamey gave me this half smile and scratched his head. "I guess it doesn't. Good to see you've moved on."

"You should too." I almost choked on the words.

"See you around, Pey."

I got in the car and stared forward instead of watching my heart walk away from me. Wayne pulled away from the curb before addressing the situation. "I take it that was the ex?"

"Yeah."

"You okay?"

I kept looking forward. "I'm not sure."

I felt his hand grabbing mine. It was the first type of physical contact that we'd had, other than a hug here or there. This meant something, and I wasn't sure if I was prepared for whatever it implied. "You'll be fine, Peyton. I'm here if you want to talk about it." Just as quickly as he'd touched me, he pulled away and put both hands on the steering wheel.

We spent the rest of the ride in silence. I had nothing to say to what had just happened. Clearly I wasn't over Jamey. Just seeing him had brought back all of the feelings that I'd been keeping bottled up deep inside of me. I missed him, and the love that we shared that he never let anyone else see. It was there, I was sure of it.

That night, while sitting in my room going over my schedule for the next day I got a text message from Jamey. It wasn't surprising since we'd just seen each other, but it didn't make it any easier for me to gain the courage to read it.

I held my phone with shaky hands and opened the message.

I can't stop thinking about you. - J

It was a mistake. I shouldn't have replied, but I couldn't help myself.

Same here. - P

Come see me. - J

I can't. - P

I want you. - J

My heart began to beat so fast. He didn't know how many nights I'd cried myself to sleep over him. He couldn't understand how hard it was to see everyone around me so damn happy while I was falling apart. They all thought I was just some kid. They'd never think of me as a woman with needs, who yearned to be with the one man she shouldn't be with.

Don't do this to me. I'm trying to make good choices. -P

It's just one night. You can go back to hating me in the morning. - J

I don't hate you. -P

Then come over and prove it. - J

If I come over there I will never hear the end of it. - P

I won't tell if you won't. - J

I looked around the room and saw nothing but loneliness. Longing to be touched, appreciated, and consumed by a man had taken over all of my decision making. I couldn't rationalize with myself about right and wrong. I had to go to him, because it was all I wanted to do.

I pulled up at Jamey's house and saw that only his car was in the driveway. He met me at the door, leaning against it with a head full of wet hair that glistened against the outside light. "I knew you'd come."

"I shouldn't have." I walked up each step, feeling like I was floating instead. Being this close to him, knowing we were all alone, it was just too exciting. Our faces were so close. His eyes, so brown, looked almost painful. "Just one night, Jamey. This changes nothin'."

He reached out and brushed my cheek with the back of his hand. "I'll take what I can get."

The moment our lips met I forgot all about our time apart. It was as if the world stopped spinning. I couldn't understand how something that felt so right could be so wrong.

Chapter 8

Jamey

It had been too long.

My game was off and she was the reason for it. As much as I wanted to be inside of her again, the idea of her being so close to me was enough to satisfy the hunger. Her lips were everything that I remembered. The way her tongue knew my pace, and how her body responded to my touch, it was all so natural. Being with Peyton was never like hooking up with a random chick. She knew me, and I knew her.

My time in jail was the most boring experience. I sat in a cell with some crack head that stole a grand from his boss. He never shut up.

At night I laid awake thinking about a lot of things, mostly Peyton, and how I'd hurt her. She'd left me for good reasons and I didn't blame her anymore for my problems. I knew she wasn't at fault for anything I was going through. All of it was on me.

Her kisses filled me with desire. After spending the afternoon sulking that she'd moved on I had her back in my arms. She was mine, even if only for the night.

While pulling away from our kiss, I watched her eyes slowly open. "I missed that."

I leaned forward and pecked her lips, one at a time. "Me too."

"So, you got me here. Are you happy with yourself?"

I shrugged. "You are naked in my bed."

I didn't mean to sound shallow, like I only wanted to have sex with her, albeit it's how it came out.

"That's all I am still, just a f**k?"

I shook my head. "No."

"Prove it to me, Jamey. What am I to you?"

"Right now, or before you walked out of my life?" I was confused already.

She pulled out of my arms and threw her hands in the air. "You're hopeless." When she started to walk back down the steps I grabbed her by the arm, pulling her to face me again.

"Pey, wait. You know you were more than that, okay?"

I saw the hate in her eyes turn to something else. It was desperation. She wanted me to need her and I did, however coming to grips with that myself was harder than she thought. She was asking me to be someone different; someone that I didn't know how to be. I wasn't romantic, nor was I the kind of guy to wear his heart on his sleeve. I told it like it was. I said what I wanted. It was clear.

"I want more."

"I'll try." It was a promise.

I hated that she was putting her clothes back on.

She took a step forward, breaking the distance between us. "You better."

Our lips met again, and this time I wasn't willing to let them break apart. I needed to be sure she wasn't going to walk out on me again. Getting her up to my room was the only way to make that happen.

By the time I got her upstairs I'd already removed my shirt and unfastened her bra. Peyton wasn't fighting me, giving me reason to continue. I'd never needed to feel her close to me like I needed her at that very moment. She'd consumed my thoughts, and even my dreams. Admitting she was special wasn't going to be hard, it was everything else that came with it that I would struggle with, it was coming to grips with being monogamous.

I picked her up and carried her over to the bed, while our lips continued our vigorous bout of kissing. "I missed you so much," She said in between them.

I missed her too, but I was making baby steps with opening up. "Don't talk. We need to make up for lost time, baby." That was as good as I could do.

I backed away and dropped my pants to the floor, watching her taking off hers at the same time. She bit down on that bottom lip as I let my boxers fall and sprung to life. It wasn't just seeing her again after so long that had me so worked up; it was because it was her. I touched her bare skin, like porcelain, and licked my lips. How this one chick could get me so worked up was beyond my reasoning. I needed to be inside of her, and I was going to figure out a way to make her mine again, just mine.

Peyton pulled me on the bed. Her tits bounced around as she maneuvered herself on top of my naked body. I felt that ass of hers grinding over my hard cock. "You want it don't you?"

She nodded and ran her hands through her long blonde hair. "You know I do."

"Take your time, baby. We've got all night." I said it knowing damn well that I wouldn't last long with her. I never could. She worked her hips like no other, and those breast of hers made my mouth water. I dug my hands over her supple ass and started controlling how she moved. "Put it in."

She did as I said, wasting no time on foreplay. I'd give her a good time and she knew it, that's why we worked.

Peyton started her moaning as soon as we began f**king. I watched those tits bouncing around as she rode me hard. Soft cries escaped her lips while I filled her with my rock hard cock. Her skin, such a familiar scent, filled my nostrils. I closed my eyes and memorized it just in case she decided to leave again.

I'd had so much time to think about everything that I wanted, but the one thing I could never shake was my desire for this woman. Though I knew she'd moved on, it was apparent that I still had a chance. After all, she was in my bed, naked, letting me thrust inside of her.

"Oh f**k, Pey. Your pu**y feels so tight, baby. Does it feel good?"

"Yes," she purred.

"Harder. Rock me hard."

Her hips started swaying as our pace increased. I suckled one of her hard ni**les between my lips, gliding my tongue over the tip. Her head fell back as she gasped, so I repeated the process. I could feel her body reacting and knew she was losing control. Her voice became hoarse as she cried out. I held her tightly against my body, and pressed my lips over hers. "That's my girl," I whispered.

Peyton's eyes opened and she looked right at me. "Don't say that," she spoke softly.

All of a sudden we both had stopped moving. Her breath touched my lips while I noticed the sheer hurt in her eyes. "Say what, that you're my girl?" It felt like a quick kick to the gut. "Pey..."

She looked away and closed her eyes, as if it caused her pain to look at me again. "I can't do this."

She climbed off of me, separating our connection as if it hadn't just been giving her fulfillment. I watched her grabbing a handful of clothes and hurrying towards my bedroom door. "Wait! Where are you goin'?"

She slipped on her panties and turned around so that I could only see the back of her. "This was a mistake. I can't be here and you know why. I should have never let my feelin's get in the way."

I jumped off the bed and grabbed ahold of her before she could leave the room. "Just wait a minute. I get that we're f**ked up, but ain't this what you want? Tell me it didn't feel good to be back in my bed again, baby. You know I'm right, don't ya?"

She shrugged and tried to look away once more. "Please just let me go home."

"No." I'd waited too damn long to have her in my arms again. "You belong in that bed."

Peyton snapped her head in my direction, finally showing me those bright blue eyes of hers. "That's just it. I don't belong here at all, Jamey. I can't do this anymore. I can't keep lettin' myself fall back into whatever it is that we have together. It's dangerous and all that happens is me being hurt by you. I'm not willin' to let myself hurt like that again. I can't love you anymore."

That word always made me cringe. Why had someone created a four letter word with so much meaning? I would have been fine hearing her say any other word in the dictionary. "Peyton, don't start this already. Why can't we just be together? Why does it always have to turn into a label with you?"

She threw her hands in the air. "Because I need more."

I shook my head, feeling as if I was in a losing situation. "What am I supposed to say to that?"

"You tell me." Her cocked eyebrow let me know she was waiting for an answer and however I did it was going to determine her next move.

"I don't want you to go."

"Why?"

Of course she wanted details. She wanted me to say that word. "Because I want you with me."

"That's not good enough." Peyton began to walk out of the room, pulling away from my hold. "I'm out of here."

I chased after her, finally reaching her arm as she took the first step toward the stairs. "Please wait. Just hold up a minute and think about this. Is it really that important to you to hear that word, Pey? Is that all you want, because I can say it, if that's all it is. I'm just not sure it is what you want."

She turned away from me and put her head down. "You're right. It's everything. I want all of you or nothin' at all. I can't be one of your toys anymore."

"You've never been that," I argued.

"Prove it, Jamey. After everything can you really stand here and want to be with just me? I'm not a fool. I know how you are. I've wanted you to change for so long. I've been kiddin' myself thinkin' that I could change you. Everyone's told me that it was impossible, but I didn't listen. Comin' here was a mistake. You and I both know it."

Her determination was being ignored because the last thing I was going to let her do was walk away from me again.

"Pey, I missed you. Hell, I went to jail because you got me so f**ked up in the head. Please." I pulled her up against my chest and waited for her to acknowledge how close we were. "I want you to stay with me tonight, not just because I want us to finish what we started, but because you're my girl and I'm tired of denyin' it."

Right away her eyes lit up. "You've said that to me before, Jamey."

"I mean it this time."

"I want to believe you." I could see her struggling. This wasn't about my past, or the way I'd never been able to commit the way she wanted me to. This was about taking our relationship to the next level, or losing her forever. There was no reason to beat around the bush with excuses why I shouldn't do it. I'd caused her enough pain, and wasted enough time fighting what I knew was already happening between us. There wasn't any other woman that could get to me like Peyton did, and it was time she knew it. "I want us to be a real couple, baby. I want you and me to work out this time. I'm done bein' a hard ass. It's time you and me made it official."

Her eyes glossed over, suddenly displaying that tender side of her that used to annoy me. It was the first time that I understood why she'd fought me so hard.

"Do you mean it, because if you don't and I take this leap with you, I'll be riskin' my relationship with my family. They ain't goin' to understand this at all, and they surely won't believe that you've changed. Jamey, I want this. I want to be with you more than I've ever wanted anyone in my life, and I know you hate talkin' about feelin's, but I've got to be sure."

I let my forehead press over hers and closed my eyes as I spoke. "I'm positive. I want you. I want you to be my girlfriend, and I'm ready to tell everyone about it, starting tomorrow with my boys. We're goin' four-wheelin' and I want you with me."

That flicker in her eyes returned and our lips met again, coaxing timelessly as we sealed our decision.

Peyton was mine again, and this time I wasn't about to f**k things up.

Chapter 9

Peyton

I couldn't stop myself. I had to run to him even though I knew it was a bad idea. Everyone was against us, which only made me want him more. Jamey was my weakness, my reason for fighting, my whole world. I could fool myself into thinking I was happy, but given the opportunity to be with him again had only proven that I was denying the inevitable. No man could get to me the way he could, and I was beyond myself with joy to hear him saying that he wanted me, and only me.

He picked me up and carried me back into his room, closing his door with his foot before letting us fall back down on his mattress. I'd like to say that a lot was running through my mind at that moment, but I'd be lying. There was only one thing that I was thinking about.

Jamey.

I needed to be as close to him as humanly possible. This was the first time that we were real; that he was real. Far be it from me to dwell on little details like my family approving. Eventually they'd have to give in. Our families were too close to have such bad blood between them.

Sure, Jamey had made some huge mistakes, and I didn't expect my brother to welcome him into our family with open arms, but at least he could have the decency to realize how utterly complete I felt when I was in his arms. I'd loved this man for too long to let him go. Hell or high water, I was giving this another go, with or without the approval of my family or friends.

Jamey wasted no time removing the clothes from her body again. We lay there together as if we'd never spent a moment apart. Having already memorized each other's bodies, this encounter was more emotional. We'd always shared a physical connection, and somewhere deep inside I knew that he reciprocated my feelings, but now it was apparent. He may never say those three words to me, and I was going to have to be okay taking baby steps if I wanted a second chance at happiness. For now I was content being in the arms of the only man I'd ever really loved.

Jamey pressed his lips over mine once more. Our tongues began to mingle together, and soon our naked make-out session had intensified. He caressed my ni**les and leaned down to take one in his mouth. I felt his tongue coursing over my sensitive tips, and a shiver went down my spine. Tiny butterflies filled my stomach and a heat radiated between my legs. Slowly Jamey kissed down my belly, resting his head on it as he spoke. "You're all mine now, Pey. It's how it should have been all along, baby." He ran his hand up the side of my waist, until the palm of it cupped my breast again. "All of this belongs to me."

Jamey declaring ownership over me should have been some kind of red flag, but all I heard was him telling me that I was his girl again. When you've waited as long as I had for acknowledgment, you took what you could get. I lifted my head and let my fingers run through his dark, thick hair. "Only if all of you belongs to me."

He moved up to face me, grabbing my chin gently and taking another kiss from my awaiting lips. "Whatever you want."

It was the magic words. I was pudding in his hands. Far be it from me to question what he was saying. I wanted Jamey to make up for all of the time we lost bickering and being apart. Finally I was to a point in my life where I was ready to stop worrying about the small details and enjoy what was right in front of me. I'd denied myself this enjoyment; burying my feelings deep inside where nobody could find them. Jamey knew the truth, and the fact that he was fighting for them meant everything.

He flipped us around until I was straddling him. I sat up and ran my own fingers over my hardened ni**les, moaning as I continued. We'd just f**ked, fought, and were now right back where we started. I could feel his hard dick underneath of me wanting attention. The sudden urgency to please him overwhelmed me. It was as if I felt I needed to thank him for finally giving me what I wanted. I sank down in the bed, forgetting the fact that we'd been intimate before. I didn't care if I tasted myself when I took him into my mouth. It only signified the fact that he belonged to me. This wasn't a chase anymore. I didn't have anything to prove. I'd won the battle and this was my celebration.

The moment I took him into my mouth, savoring his size between my lips, he started to make sounds. Jamey took a handful of my hair and pushed it away from my face. He liked watching me suck his dick, but liked it more when I watched him doing it. I used my saliva to wet his shaft, then pulled away to look at the skin glistening over it. My hands began to massage his balls, and that's when he started moving his hips ever so gently. I took him into my mouth again, using one hand to stroke his shaft, while my other caressed the smooth skin underneath. The faster my head bobbed the louder his groans became.

This episode wasn't about foreplay. I wasn't doing this to make him hard, or to get him to pay attention to me. I was doing this because I was grateful. I wanted to please him in every way possible.

Jamey, on the other hand, didn't want his load wasted in my mouth. After it had become apparent that I wasn't about to stop, he pulled me off of his c**k and made me look up at him. "Get your ass up here."

I started to lift my body and then realized he wasn't talking about a kiss. He literally wanted me to sit on his face, after we'd already f**ked. We'd done some dirty things together, especially after we'd both had a few drinks in us. To say that we'd explored our sexuality together would have been an understatement. If there was something to be tried, we'd done it, probably more than either of us were willing to admit.

This was different. We were totally sober, and it only heightened the situation.

As I got my body into the sixty-nine position, I prepared to get back to the task at hand. Jamey's tongue in my pu**y stopped me from being able to reciprocate. I could feel his face slamming into the skin of my ass as he f**ked me with his hardened tongue and then licked up the skin between my ass**le and my sex. The sounds he was making was as if he was savoring the taste of me, which only made me hotter, wetter, and maybe even a little embarrassed. At the same time, I was completely absorbed in feeling utterly satisfied beyond belief. His tongue, forcefully trudged into my pu**y, and all I could do was stroke him. I was too aware of what he was making me feel to be able to coordinate my own body into making decisions. My motor skills were unable to work, especially when his tongue got even closer to my ass**le. The more he did it, the more I heard his moans. Feeling the vibrations of his sounds, knowing that he was doing them out of pleasure, made me lose all control. I fell down over his hard c**k and screamed out his name, as his fingers began to flick over my swollen clit. Instead of stopping, he continued, causing me to keep crying out into his bedroom. I didn't want it to ever stop, because never in my life had I'd ever experienced something so amazing.

Jamey finally kissed over the cheek of my ass before sliding me on the bed beside him. He came up to face me with a big grin on his face. "Ain't nobody ever goin' to make you cum like me."

He was probably right, and it was one of the reasons that I was so crazy about him. It never mattered how much of an ass**le he was, because I knew when we were alone in his bed nothing else seemed to matter.

Jamey stroked my hair while he waited for me to comment on our latest escapade. I could see in his eyes that he felt content. It was so easy for him to not worry about what would come tomorrow. As much as I wished I could feel that same way, I found myself holding a guard up, always fearing the worst so that I couldn't be disappointed.

For the rest of the night I lay next to Jamey in his bed. We never dressed, but that wasn't unusual. His mother rarely acknowledged us being there and she always knocked first.

Jamey fell asleep soon after we'd had sex a second time, while I stayed up thinking about everything that had conspired in the last few months. My family was going to kill me for getting back together with him. Imagining the conversation was making my stomach feel queasy. There was no easy way around it. Sure, I could hide the truth from them for a while, but they'd soon wonder who I was spending all of my time with and piece it all together. When it came to me and Jamey I was pretty predictable.

That night I also thought about the fact that, as much as I wanted it to be true, I wondered if Jamey meant everything he said. His soft snoring reminded me of where I was, still I wondered how long it was going to last; how long could it be good for us before it turned to shit again? How long until someone else caught his eye? Could he really be faithful to me, after living his life a certain way for so long?

Worry overwhelmed me, and instead of being happy for myself, I dwelled on what might happen. Little sleep came, and an early morning alarm woke me before I was prepared for it.

Jamey rolled over placing his limp arm over my back. I rolled over and wiped off my eyes before looking in his direction. A big smile washed over his face when our eyes met. "Hi."

"I almost thought I was dreamin'. I mean, don't get me wrong, I want you here, but I just couldn't believe you really came over."

It was probably too early to talk about, not that I cared. "Did you mean what you said last night to me? Do you really want us to be a real couple?"

He rubbed his eyes, making me feel like he was annoyed by my question. Then quickly he looked at me with another one of his cocky smiles. "I meant every word. I know you need labels, but to be honest with you, I haven't been with anyone else. Yeah, I may have gotten a few numbers, but I swear you were my only girl. If labelin' this gets us back together then I know it has to be done. I'm not messin' around anymore, Pey. I want you to be my girlfriend again, and if I have to beg I will."

He'd surprised me again. I'd swore that he was sleeping around on me, denying me that "girlfriend" title because he knew it would blow up in his face. The fact that I'd been the only one changed everything. Suddenly all of my worries from the night before had vanished. I climbed on top of my boyfriend, bad breath and all, and placed a big kiss over his lips. He pulled away acting like my breath was horrendous. Even if it was, I could tell he was teasing me. "You know I want this, Jamey. It's all I've ever wanted from you. I've never stopped lovin' you. I hope you know that."

He nodded. "The feelin's mutual. I know I don't say it, but I'm crazy about you, baby."

"Are you goin' to be mad if I don't want to tell my family for a while?" The last thing I wanted to do was piss him off.

"Nah. I don't really feel like kickin' your brother's ass anyways."

We both laughed, but deep inside I knew that Jamey was no match for my brother Shayne. Given the opportunity I knew Shayne could not only take him, but hurt him pretty bad. "I still can't believe this is happenin'. I mean, just yesterday we weren't talkin'."

"I want you to move back in here."

"You don't think it's too soon?"

"It ain't like we're just gettin' to know each other, Pey. I want you next to me at night. That f**kin' cold spot don't sit right with me." He motioned towards my side of the bed making me blush. "Now, get your pretty ass up and put on some of my old sweats. You're goin' to get dirty as shit today on the back of my four-wheeler. Don't even worry about doin' your hair. We'll wash it tonight when we get home."

I hopped off of the bed. "Deal."

After rummaging through his drawers, like I was so used to doing before, I found some old clothes that I knew he wouldn't get upset over if they got ruined, and put them on. While getting ready Jamey made sure to be extra affectionate with me. When we brushed our teeth together he mimicked my technique and kept winking at me, showing me those sexy eyes of his. To be honest, I was in awe of him, never once considering how hard it was going to be to explain our relationship to my family.

A honk of a horn let us both know that our ride had arrived. Jamey smacked me lightly on my backside before hustling down the stairs to greet his friends. I say his friends, because even though we grew up with them, they weren't exactly keen about Jamey being with me, or anyone for that matter.

In fact, for the longest time I swore they were his alibi so that he could hook up with other random chicks. They acted shady, and sometimes even flirty with me, as if Jamey would have been willing to share me with them. The idea of being left in a room alone with any of them made my skin crawl, because I couldn't ever tell what their true intentions were.

As I made my way down the stairs I heard Jamey talking to them. The sound of the four-wheeler starting let me know that he was loading it onto the trailer. I grabbed soda out of the refrigerator and headed towards the back door. A female voice stopped me dead in my tracks. "Peyton?"

I turned around prepared to face Jamey's mother. "Hi. It's been a long time."

She cocked her eyebrow, staring with a not-so-amused stare. "What are you doin' in my kitchen?"

"I spent the night here last night with Jam-."

She didn't let me finish. Her hand went up in the air and I froze in place. "Just wait a cotton-pickin' minute. You mean to tell me that after everything you put my son through you have the nerve to come back into my house and sleep in my son's bed?"

"With all due respect, Mrs. Billings, I didn't do anything to your son. He did that all to himself."

"Not another word, Peyton. You may have my son fooled, but I'm wise to this game you're playin'. Don't you dare think you're movin' back in here. Over my dead body!"

I could feel the tears welling up in my eyes, but not just because her words were hurtful. It was more so that I knew my family was going to reacted ten times worse than this woman was. My lips began to tremble as I replied to her. "I am in love with your son. That's never changed. You may not believe me, but it's the God's honest truth. Jamey's invited me to move back in with him, and I said y-."

The woman whipped past me and pulled open the storm door. "Jamey Billings, get your ass in here right now!"

I stood against the cabinets and watched him come into the house with a smile on his face. It dissipated after taking one look at his mother. "Mom, I can explain." He already knew what she was going to say, which could only mean that she'd talked to him about being with me before. It was another blow to my heart.

"You better start, because I'm not understandin' that you'd invite this girl back into your bed, not after her breakin' your heart and havin' you locked up."

"Mom, it wasn't even like that and you know it. Peyton didn't make me drink. She certainly didn't put a set of keys in my hand, or force me to act like an ass to an officer of the law. I did all of that on my own. Give her a break, will ya?"

Their voices continued to get louder. I had a choice to make, and since it was making me so over-emotional I chose to take the high road and walk out of the house. Tensions were too high to be caught in the crossfires of that woman and her son.

From the moment I stepped out the door and Jamey's friends saw me I wondered if the kitchen was going to be safer than where I was headed.

"He'll be out in a minute."

They were ducked down fastening the straps to hold the four-wheeler on the trailer as one of them spoke. "Sounds like she's pissed."

"She's mad about me. Jamey invited me to move back in with him last night. She just found out." A part of me liked rubbing in that we were back together. As upset as I felt, that made my heart start beating faster.

"Maybe it ain't such a good idea."

I was half-tempted to walk around the vehicle, find out who was saying it, and kick them in the balls. "Jamey wants us to be together, and so do I. I don't care what anyone else thinks about it."

I heard them snickering something, It was certainly about me, but meant so that I couldn't hear. A slam of a door caught my attention and Jamey came walking up to the truck. "Y'all ready to go?"

"You sure you're done with your momma?" They teased.

"Fuck you, and f**k her. If I listened to ya'll then I'd never have my girl back."

I felt his hand grabbing and squeezing mine. "Come on. Let's not let my mother ruin our day. We're goin' to have fun. I promise."

I trusted that Jamey believed that whole-heartedly he was doing the right things and that we could have a chance to be happy again. After all, he'd invited me to do something that I'd never been able to do with him before. The idea of it was exciting, and I knew I couldn't let her or anyone else get to me.

"We don't have room for your girl, dude."

I tried to look through the back tinted windows as he spoke. Seeing as there were two guys, and Jamey would have to sit in the back, I knew there was still a seat. Then Jamey grabbed my hand and squeezed it. "We'll just follow you in my car. It's not a big deal. I invited my girl, and she's comin' with me."

Feeling content, I didn't even think about the other person in the truck, not until we started on our way there and Jamey got quiet. "Do you know who the other person is?"

I thought it was a simple question.

"No clue, baby. Who knows with those two. They probably picked up some douche off the street. It doesn't even matter. You and I, we're goin' to have a good time, right?"

I wrapped my arm under his and leaned closer to him. "Yep."

Our relationship was off to a perfect start and I was so optimistic that this time it was going to be different.

Chapter 10

Jamey

Being with Peyton again had made me happier than I'd been in a long time. The argument with my mother wasn't over, but I was damn sure that she wasn't going to come in between us.

When I stepped inside of the kitchen and saw the look on my mom's face I could tell she was more than pissed to see Peyton in her house. She'd somehow come to blame my being with Peyton with me going to jail.

Honestly, I understood how a parent would want to place the blame on someone else. The thing was, I got myself into that situation, because I'd been stupid. It was my fault that Peyton and I broke up, and my fault that I'd landed in jail.

Through it all I knew that I'd hurt them both. Somehow I was going to have to get them to see that they were the most important people in my life and they'd have to get along. Plus we still had her family to face. If my mother couldn't accept Peyton and I, then her family sure as hell wasn't going to give it a single thought.

I knew who was in the back of that truck. Just imagining Peyton's face when she saw Ang get out was going to ruin our day together. It was like no matter how hard I was trying to include her and change my ways, something was preventing it from going easy.

I drove behind my friends contemplating turning around the whole time. I guess I should have thought out the decision to include her, but in my defense I hadn't seen Ang in a long time. It had been even longer than that since we'd hooked up. Sure, I could have f**ked her while I was with Peyton this last time around, but I hadn't and that had to count for something.

It still didn't make me feel any better about what was going to happen when Peyton saw that a chick was with us. I had to keep my cool and act like it wasn't a big deal. If she got wind of me having history with Ang everything I'd done to get her back would turn to shit.

I turned to look over at Peyton in the seat next to me. Her long blonde hair blew as the breeze came in from the window. The hair stood up on my arms when I thought about the night we'd shared together. Having her back in bed was only half of my battle. I had to be a better man; one that was willing to admit that I wanted a relationship. I needed to be considerate of her feelings, and put her first before anyone else. Inevitably I'd known all along that it would come to this. Peyton had always been different for me. I think I only fought with her about it because I didn't want to admit it to myself.

Like my brother, the bad-boy image was something I tried to live up to. I'd watched him toss chicks to the side without regret. It wasn't until he met Lacey that everything changed for him. At first I thought he was crazy for falling for her. I mean, he had a perfect life. Then, all of a sudden, he was messed up in the head and miserable.

It wasn't until they got back together that I saw the difference.

He was happy; happier than I'd ever seen him. My mother was proud, and for the first time I understood why.

Then I fought with myself over it.

Did I really want to admit that I was wrong?

Of course not.

Losing Peyton was like losing control of my life. The more I tried to move forward the further toward the downward spiral I got. I squeezed her hand to half remind myself that she was really in the vehicle next to me. "You look sexy."

She giggled and looked away, out the window. "Stop it. I didn't even have time to wash my face. My hair is a knotted up mess of a ponytail, and I'm wearin' your clothes."

"You couldn't look like shit if you tried. Have you seen yourself in the mirror? Damn, the only thing that kept me straight while I was locked up was bein' able to think about you the whole time."

Peyton turned to face me. "You thought about me that much?"

Seeing that she was intrigued, I knew my answer meant a ton. "Yeah, I did. Didn't you think about me?"

She shrugged. "Well, yeah. Honestly, I was trying to get over you. You hurt me, and I knew I had to move forward."

It was a punch to the gut. "Damn don't get all honest on me now. You know how to bruise an ego, that's for sure."

She nestled her head against the side of my arm. "It's not because it's what I wanted, Jamey. You gave me no choice. We were headed down a terrible road. One of us had to be adult about it."

"True, but you could have missed me a little more."

"I missed you a lot," she admitted. "I thought about you all the time, and worried. The last thing I wanted was for you to go to jail. I felt like it was all my fault, especially how we left things."

I shook my head while still looking forward. "It wasn't your fault, Pey. I was f**ked up. You had me all messed up. I was a fool for not bein' a better boyfriend. You have to understand that I don't know the first thing about relationships. Well, I know how to f**k them up, obviously, but that's it."

"We need to start over, if that's even possible."

"What's that mean?" Right away I was worried.

"We need a clean slate, Jamey. Dwellin' on the past ain't goin' to get us anywhere. We have to get past everything that happened, because if we can't do that, than neither will our families. Seriously, if we want this to work, we've got to try harder and pretend that it's a whole new relationship. We've got to promise to get over the past."

"You're right. You're absolutely right. Nobody is goin' to take us seriously unless we can prove without a doubt that we've changed."

She hugged my arm tighter. "Have we changed?"

"I'd like to think we have."

"So no more lies?" She asked.

"None. I promise. You know everything."

"Then we're off to a new start."

Even though I knew Peyton meant what she was saying a part of me knew that it wasn't going to last forever. That's why when we pulled up behind my buddy's truck I hesitated before getting out.

The moment I saw Ang jump out, I turned all of my attention to Peyton. She couldn't see me freaking out. At first Peyton was too busy getting out and tending to me. She disliked my friends enough to not care what they were doing just feet from us.

I walked up to the trailer and began to unfasten my four-wheeler. With my focus on getting my ATV off the trailer before anyone else, I wasn't looking around to see where Ang was. I should have been prepared for them to see one another. Call me a coward, but I ignored the fact that I could hear Ang talking to me.

I sighed and looked toward the sound of her voice.

"Who's this, Jamey?"

I stood up and looked over at Peyton, standing there wondering the same thing about the girl with the Jersey accent. "This is my girlfriend, Peyton."

I watched as Ang gave Peyton a once over. She reacted by raising her brow and doing the same thing back. "Who are you?"

Ang, being the way she was, turned back to me and smiled. "Why don't you ask your boyfriend."

I couldn't believe she was going to be a bitch the first five minutes of being around us. "Ang is Turk's cousin. She's just here visitin'."

"Actually, I'm attending Salisbury University. You're going to be seeing a lot more of me, Jamey. In fact I was thinking that maybe one night we could hang out like we used to."

She was messing with Peyton on purpose, ruining my first day back together with her. "I don't think so. As you can see, I've got a girlfriend."

Ang started to walk away. "It never stopped you before."

She was playing off my prior indiscretion and it was pissing me off, so much that I could have shoved her down on the ground, had I been willing to hit a girl.

"Like I said, no thanks."

"Whatever." Ang finally walked back to the front of her cousin's truck. Knowing that I already had to get Peyton calmed down, I pulled my four-wheeler off the vehicle and started it up. While turning to wait for Peyton to jump on behind me I caught a glimpse of her displease with what had just transpired. Obviously she was curious, and I was going to have to come up with something creative if I wanted to end this day as a couple.

After Peyton finally got on, we sped away. I wasn't about to wait for all of them to follow us. The trails that we rode on were so long with many different turns to take. I knew I could lose them without a real effort. Peyton clung to my back as I rode hard over the rough terrain, jumping over low spots and splashing through puddles. Once we'd been riding for a good half hour, I pulled off to a grassy area and turned off the engine. Peyton slipped down from the ATV and jumped right in my shit. "Who was that?"

"I told you about her a long time ago. She used to come ridin' with us. It's no big deal, baby."

"I saw the way she looked at you, Jamey. That's not what nothin' looks like."

I walked toward her, breaking the little distance between us. "I promise you that there's nothin' between that chick and me. She's just bein' a bitch because she don't know you. Who am I here with, because I'm pretty damn sure it ain't her."

Peyton shook her head, second guessing herself. "Sorry. I guess it's goin' to take me a while to learn how to trust you. Can you forgive me?"

It made me feel guilty, but at the same time, I knew that in this case she was wrong. Ang was nothing to me. There wasn't anything about her that even compared to my feelings for Peyton. "We're cool. How about we sit over here and rest for a while."

Peyton walked over to a grassy spot and plopped down on the ground. I swooped in behind her, pulling her back against my chest. "It's pretty here."

"Yeah. I seem to like it too. The stream over there is cool. Sometimes the deer come over to drink while I'm here chillin'. I don't think anyone hunts this property, so it's full of them. We used to come out here to drink after ridin', but I don't mess around with those jokers that much anymore. Today's the first time in a while that I've even seen them."

Peyton played with my fingers as she spoke to me. I appreciated her being with me, and valued whatever she had to say. "I used to wish you wouldn't hang out with them anymore. They've been trouble since we were all in school."

"Yeah, I know." They were always trying to get me do shady things for fun. I got why Peyton disliked them so much.

"I wanted you to come with me today so you could see that when I went out I wasn't doin' nothin' wrong. This is fun for me, ridin' and sittin' back enjoyin' the sunshine."

"You sound almost poetic," she laughed as she spoke. "Did those weeks in jail change you?"

"They were enlightening indeed," I replied. "Really it wasn't so bad. Minimum security. We watched television, played basketball, lifted weights, and even had internet time. It was more like I was being punished in my room as a kid, just the food was shitty, and my mattress sucked."

"Did you have a cellmate?"

"We weren't really in cells. It was more like a large room with sectioned cubes. There were four beds in each part and the top was all open. The people I bunked with weren't hard criminals. Most were in for drug possession, or petty crimes. Bein' in there gave me time to think. It gave me a chance to realize what I'd been doin' wrong."

"Honestly, Jamey, bein' away from you gave me time to think too. I started goin' to college, and I really like it."

"You also started datin' someone." I'd waited long enough to ask about it. The fact that there was another guy in her life, that she refused to talk about, bothered me. If he was just a friend she would have spoken about him by now, and she certainly hadn't. "Tell me more about him. Did you let him into your pants?"

She pushed away from me and stood up, putting her hands on her hips as she spoke. "We said we were startin' fresh. Besides, he's more of a friend anyway. He's helped me, and I enjoy spendin' time with him and his daughter."

"Daughter? Is he a professor?"

She shook her head. "No. Of course not. He's a business owner who lost his wife tragically a while back. He's raisin' his little girl alone."

"My hero," I announced sarcastically.

"Shut up. You sound like you're jealous. I thought that wasn't possible."

"It's not," I lied. "Just makin' light of the situation. Obviously the guy uses his daughter to get pu**y. It's the oldest trick in the book."

Peyton pointed toward me. "You don't know him. He's nothin' like that."

"Whatever!" I threw up my hands realizing how pissed she was becoming. "Don't get your panties all bunched up."

"It's not like you have any room to talk."

"What's that supposed to mean?" I questioned.

"You slept with her, didn't you, Jamey?"

"With who?" I played dumb.

"Angie. That chick I just met. I could tell she was hot for you, and you were avoiding her like she had a disease. I'm not stupid."

"I never said you were."

"Tell me the truth. Have you ever slept with that chick?"

I knew I should have been honest. I should have just told her that we had a fling a long time ago, and done my best to convince her that it was never going to happen again, but Peyton was hard-headed. She wasn't going to believe me, and trust was out of the question. So I did what I thought was right. "No. I've never slept with that slut. It pisses me off that you'd even think it. I have standards you know."

My girlfriend looked down at the ground. The guilt had returned, and I felt bad immediately. "I had to ask."

"I'm not mad. Will you please come back down here and lay with me? I invited you here to be close to you, not argue about some dude, and a chick I don't give two flyin' fucks about. She pursued me, by the way, if you wanted to know." More lies to add to the pile. Next I would be sent to jail for being a con-artist. My mother would be so proud.

Peyton tackled me, throwing us both down on the course grass beneath me. Her lips were suddenly on mine, and nothing else mattered. The more lies I told the crappier I felt. It also made me paranoid that something bad was going to happen. That's why I had to savor every moment with Peyton. I was going to have to be a better person if I wanted a chance, because so far I was only giving her more reasons to be without me.

Chapter 11

Peyton

We spent the next hour making love, in the clearing, not caring about anyone coming up and spying on us. All I wanted was to be close to Jamey. Knowing the judgment was right around the corner, I wanted to savor every second of peace we had together.

While my mind was in a million places, my main focus was on my inability to trust Jamey. For some reason I felt like he'd been lying to me about Ang. Even after he'd reassured me, I just had this feeling like it wasn't the whole truth.

It wasn't until later that I would find out exactly what it was.

We'd spent a while alone, ignoring the fact that his friends were somewhere around. It was lunch time before we realized that the morning had gotten away from us. Since I'd left my phone in the car, I hadn't even paid attention to it like I normally did. It felt as if time stood still when I was with Jamey.

We heard an ATV approaching and quickly put all of our clothes back on before it came into view. Jamey never moved from his seated position on the ground. Angie came into play, making my stomach turn when I saw her eying up my boyfriend. She was everything that I wasn't with her dark hair and those big brown eyes and a curvy body that left little to the imagination. I could immediately see why any man would find her easy on the eyes. What made me uneasy was knowing that my guy was probably one of them.

She walked right up to us, as if she hadn't gotten a privacy vibe from the two of us being hidden away from the rest of the group. "We were all talking about going somewhere for lunch. Are you all hungry, or did you just want to stay here doing whatever it was that you were doing?" I hated her accent. She made me feel like she could have been one of those reality characters from that New Jersey beach show. Her words had attitude attached to them, and I hated the way she stared at Jamey as she spoke.

"What do you want to do, Pey? It's up to you."

I shrugged and looked down at my hands as I spoke. "I'm a little hungry."

Jamey stood up and held his hand out to help me stand. He kept holding me even as I got my footing. "Let's go feed you."

Jamey climbed on the four-wheeler before speaking directly to Angie. "We'll meet you back at the gate."

We pulled away leaving her standing there all alone. I couldn't help but look back and watch her looking at us. That vibe was back again, and I knew I was going to have to go to the source if I wanted to clear my conscience. I needed to know for sure that Jamey was being honest to me.

After loading up the ATV's Jamey climbed in the vehicle beside me and started it up. "You havin' fun so far?"

"Well, yeah, but we haven't done much ridin' today. I mean, we were naked for most of it." We both began to laugh as we followed behind his friends in the truck. "So, how long have you known Ang?"

"For a while I guess. She comes to visit her family every summer. Why are you askin' about her?"

"She's pretty."

"I haven't noticed." He was lying. Jamey always noticed. It made me wonder why he wasn't telling me the truth about her.

"Jamey, seriously, if you hooked up with the girl you need to tell me the truth. We said no secrets."

He pulled the vehicle over and looked out of his window for a second before looking at me. "I told you before. I never hooked up with that crazy bitch. Just drop it already." He was irritated with me, and maybe I should have backed off, I just couldn't.

We made it to a food place a few minutes later, and since we'd been outside in the dirt, I decided to go wash my hands before even ordering something to eat. After using the restroom I stood at the sink primping my hair while looking in the mirror.

It was hard imagining Jamey finding me attractive. My hair was a rat's nest, not to mention that I hadn't put on any makeup before we left the house. Unlike Ang, who was wearing a whole stick of eyeliner when I'd seen her, I was plain with nothing on. When the bathroom door opened up I knew right away who had come in. Her long black hair was up in a ponytail as she approached the vanity. I watched as she pulled out the hair-tie and put it around her wrist. "If I were you I wouldn't leave your boyfriend unattended. You never know when someone else might catch his eye."

I wasn't taking her shit any longer. She may have thought she was getting one over on me, but she was messing with the wrong girl. I shoved her and walked forward breaking the distance from where we both stood. "What is your problem?"

She came right back at me. "You are, you country-fried-hoe."

I pushed her harder, causing her to fall down on the hard floor. She stood up and came at me, grabbing my hair first. I jabbed her in the side and felt her let go. While holding my fist back ready to attack she put up her hands. I knew I was then in control of the situation. "I'm not a hoe. You don't know nothin' about me."

"I know more than you think."

"Screw you. You're just jealous because I'm with Jamey. I've seen how you look at him, and you're just pissed he don't want you."

"Honey, I've already been there and done that, plenty of times. It isn't anything to write home about." She flipped her hair before backing further away from me.

I froze.

He'd lied to me. The truth was written across her face. She was being honest about sleeping with my boyfriend, and there was only one thing left to do. "When?"

"When what?" She crossed her arms and refused to look me in the eyes.

"When was the last time you were together?"

"Four days ago." She waited to watch me respond before continuing. "Yeah, that's what I thought. You thought you were special, didn't you? Let me just tell you that he's taken me to that same spot he took you today plenty of times. He's told me I was his girl, and promised me things too. The only thing special about you is that you've been written into his little black book."

I could feel the tears welling up in my eyes. She'd not only been with my boyfriend, but recently. I wanted to not only kill him, but throw up at the same time. This skanky chick had probably slept in the same bed that we were together in last night. The ill feeling only intensifies as she kept talking.

"Aw, don't cry. It's not your fault that he likes to mess around, well maybe it is. I mean, if you were good enough he wouldn't have to come to me to be satisfied."

I swung at her again, this time having someone grab my arm before my fist could make contact with the over-made face.

Jamey was holding me and screaming at her the same time. "Get the f**k away from her, bitch."

"Fuck you, Jamey. She needed to know the truth."

Next her cousin came into the bathroom and yanked her outside before I could gather my thoughts enough to respond. My next move was to get free from Jamey. With one swift pull I was facing him. My tears were apparent, and I didn't even worry about hiding my emotions. Jamey already knew he was screwed.

"How could you?"

"What?" He was acting as if he had no clue.

"How could you sleep with her? You lied right to my face, you son-of-a-bitch."

"Pey, wait. It was a long time ago."

He came at me as he spoke, and all I could do was push him away. "Get off of me. You're nothin' but a liar. I'm a fool for trustin' you, Jamey. You'll never change."

"Pey, please. I know I didn't tell you about her, but it was a long time ago, I'm tellin' you the truth, dammit."

"Screw you. Go f**k yourself. I will never believe another word out of your mouth, do you hear me? We're done, forever. I hate you! I wish I never knew you."

In my defense I had to lash out. He'd betrayed me again, and this time it was as if I was being stabbed directly in my heart.

While bawling, I ran out of the restaurant and started walking down the road. Jamey chased after me, pleading and screaming at the same time. The closer he got the faster I moved. "Baby, wait up!"

I turned around. "I'm not your baby. I'm not your anything. Get it through your head. Last night was a mistake. My brother was right about you. They were all right about you."

One glance into his eyes left me in more pain. He seemed so sincere, and a part of me wanted to fall into his arms and forget about the fight. Desperately I trekked on, reaching into my purse for my phone. I called the one person who I knew wouldn't judge me; the one person who I could count on.

Wayne answered on the second ring.

"Hello."

"Wayne, it's me. Can you please come pick me up?"

I could hear Jamey in the background. "Oh that's real nice. We have one fight and you call your other boyfriend. What the f**k, Pey?"

"Screw you. Get out of my face. Go back to the restaurant and buy your New York slut lunch."

"She's from New Jersey."

"I don't give a shit. Go away, or I'll call the police and tell them you assaulted me." It was a threat that I was willing to make considering the circumstances.

"Pey, please don't do this. You're makin' a mistake."

"My only mistake was lovin' you, Jamey."

"You don't mean that." He looked so hurt. I swallowed back more tears and looked away, turning my attention back to my phone. "Wayne, are you still there?"

"Yeah. What's going on, Peyton?"

I looked at Jamey when I responded to Wayne. "I made a huge mistake, and now I just need to get away from it, before something bad happens."

"Where are you?"

"I'll text you the name of the restaurant and the address."

"I'll be there shortly. Hang tight and don't do anything stupid."

I sent the text message before looking over at Jamey. He'd sat down on the curb and had his hands covering his face. When he heard me not talking anymore he looked up at me. He wasn't crying, not that I ever expected to see the day that that would happen, but he definitely looked saddened. "Please hear me out. It's not what you think. I haven't been with anyone else since we've been together. I get why you're mad, but it was a long time ago. Pey, please don't do this to us. We were startin' over. Don't walk away now."

"I can't even look at you without wantin' to kick the shit out of you. I know you were with her the other night. She told me herself. I can't believe a single word out of your lyin' mouth. We're done. Do you hear me, Jamey? We're through, forever. Get it through your thick skull and leave me be. I don't want to see that you tried to contact me. I just want you out of my life, for good this time."

"I've changed. I'm bein' honest."

"You don't know how to be honest. I thought you loved me. I believed it this time. How could I have been so completely blind?"

"I do, Pey. You mean everythin' to me."

I swung my purse around and hit him with it. "Shut up or I'm callin' my brother. I can't do this with you anymore. I hurts too damn much. Please, if you ever gave a shit about me, you'll walk away and leave me alone." I started to really cry, so hard that I was shaking. His hands touched my arms and I jerked away, bawling harder, if that was even possible. My heart wasn't just broken this time. I knew that we were through, and it was for good. My hopes of reconciling with Jamey were over, and I'd been left with nothing but emptiness inside. He'd betrayed me in the worst way. No matter how much I wished I could forgive him, I knew it was way too late for that.

We were over.

Even though he had nothing left worth saying, Jamey didn't leave my side. He continued to beg and plead, trying desperately to convince me that Angie was the liar, not him.

When I could see Wayne's car approaching in the distance I stood up and brushed off my butt from sitting on the curb. Jamey stood up and noticed that my ride was pulling in. "Pey, don't this to me. Please. I mean what I said to you. You're different. You've always been special to me. I want you in my life."

As Wayne pulled the car up to where I stood I shoved Jamey away. The door opened and I turned to look at him one last time. "Goodbye, Jamey. I hope your dick falls off."

In the passenger mirror I could see him watching us pull away. My heart broke even more seeing the despair in his eyes.

Wayne saw me and continued to drive as he badgered me for answers. "What were you doing with him, Peyton? You told me that you were through with him."

"I know. It was irrational, and pretty stupid. You don't have to remind me. I just wanted to believe that he'd changed. He told me that he wanted another chance." I cried harder, imagining never being in his arms again. Last night had been different, and somehow I knew it was going to be harder to let him go this time around. I had to do it though, because I couldn't degrade myself anymore than I already had. "Can we go back to your house? I don't feel like seeing my family today."

"Sure."

I wiped my eyes and looked in the visor mirror. "I'm pathetic."

Wayne reached over and put his hand over mine as he drove. "You're human, Peyton. You love him. That doesn't make you pathetic. It shows how forgiving you are. Look, I don't know that guy back there, but he's a fool for taking you for granted. If you were my girlfriend I'd appreciate you, and cherish our time together."

I looked toward Wayne and smiled. If he was hitting on me I wasn't getting that vibe. This was him being a genuine friend, caring about my feelings more than he needed to. "Thanks for sayin' that. I'm a mess right now. I think after I get a nice, hot shower I'll feel better. I just want to put this day behind me and move on. If I never see that man again it will be too soon."

After we pulled up at his house I started to relax. Jamey wouldn't be able to find me. In fact nobody would. I was safe and with someone who would make sure I didn't pick up that phone and call the one person that I knew I shouldn't want to talk to.

The hot shower felt amazing, but it didn't take away the heartbreak. I longed to understand why Jamey was fighting so hard for me to stay, when all the other times he'd just let me. Something was off about the whole ordeal. The more I thought about Jamey the harder I cried. It got so bad that I heard the bathroom door open. Without even thinking about the repercussions I opened the curtain and saw Wayne standing there with a towel spread out in his hands. I turned off the water and stepped out, falling against him as he wrapped me in it. "It's going to be okay."

"I'm so sorry to put this on you. I didn't know who else to call."

He kissed the top of my head and led me into his bedroom. After sitting me down he went into his dresser and pulled out some clothes for me to put on. "I'll be in the living room when you're dressed."

He'd seen me totally naked just then and never said a word about it. If I didn't know that he was married before I'd wonder if he was g*y. Surely he noticed everything I had to offer, yet his eyes never left my face. I couldn't believe that there was a man out there that wouldn't at least peek.

After putting on clean clothes I curled up in bed and sobbed. I could hear Wayne tending to his daughter, Abigail, and knew that he was giving me space. I closed my eyes succumbing to my own exhaustion, relieved that my body was giving up, so I'd be spared time to not have to think or hurt.

I'd got myself into this situation, and I was determined that I'd get myself out of it.

Chapter 12

Jamey

It was just a little lie, nothing so horrible that it would have left me feeling the way I was. After seeing her pull away from the curb I went inside to deal with bitch that had just ruined my chance of being with Peyton. Ang sat at a table ordering food with a smile on her face. Her cousin saw me coming first, not saying anything as I approached and placed my hands firmly down on the table between them. "Give us a second, miss."

The waitress nodded and walked away, followed by my buddies, who obviously didn't want to be any part of my conversation. "What the f**k is wrong with you?"

She giggled. "What are you talking about?" She reached over and touched my hand with hers. I pulled away disgusted.

"Keep your f**kin' hands away from me, bitch. Do you have any idea what you just did?"

She laughed again and bit down on her lip. "Aw, are you really going to stand there and pretend that she meant something to you? Come on Jamey, we both know how you roll. That chick was a dime a dozen when it comes to you, and you know it. Stop trying to kid yourself. If it's pu**y you want, I can give you good time. Remember how fun it was when we got together?"

"Look, cunt." I'd had it with this chick. She deserved the name. "That girl that you just started somethin' with was my girlfriend. She wasn't some slut that I picked up to bang. She means somethin' to me, and now she thinks I cheated on her. The fact that you can sit there thinkin' I would want to f**k you again is beyond me, because I can't f**kin' stand to look at you."

I could see her confidence vanishing. She looked down at the table and played with her hands. "I thought you liked me. You know we always have a good time."

"That was a long time ago. Shit has changed, Ang. I'm with someone. Well I was before you f**ked it to hell."

"I can make it up to you." She looked at me with this spark, as if I was going to fall to my knees and beg her to make my anger go away. Little did she know that it was taking everything I had not to strangle her.

"How? Are you goin' to call her and tell her that I never cheated? That's what it's goin' to take to win Peyton back. She's done with me now. In fact, I doubt she'd even listen to you. Somehow you're goin' to make this right for me."

Ang stood up, showing the person that I knew she was. Her attitude was apparent. "You think I'm just going to tell her the truth? You've got another thing coming. I won't help you get her back, Jamey, because I don't want her to have you."

I ran my hand through my hair and turned to let out an air-filled sigh. "You've got to be kiddin' me. You think I'd want you? There's not a chance for that ever happenin'."

"You'll change your mind. You always do." She seemed convinced.

I bunched up my face. "Are you f**kin' kiddin' me right now? You're makin' this shit about you?"

"You and I are the same. We were both put on this earth to have a good time. Come on, Jamey. You know I'm right. You and I aren't capable of settling down. We can't be with just one person, not in a monogamous way. Sex is like a drug to us. We need it."

"No. You're wrong. I'm not that guy anymore."

Angie began to laugh, so loudly that it was obnoxious. "Give me a break. You can't change. It's in your blood."

"Stop wastin' my f**kin' time." I pulled out my cell phone and started the record process. "Say you were lyin'. Tell Peyton that it was all a ploy. Tell the f**kin' truth."

She leaned forward and drug her lips over my phone as she spoke. I don't know whether she really believed in herself, or if she was just bat-shit insane. Either way she didn't have a f**king clue what I wanted. "The truth is that you've never said no to me, Jamey. I'm not going to tell her anything, because you know as well as I do what really happened."

"Nothin' happened."

"Are you denying that we've been together before?" Why was she playing this game?

"Stop screwin' around."

Ang looked right into my eyes as she spoke. "When you're done being ridiculous we can talk. Now get out of my face."

"No!"

Before I could respond to her madness, I was pulled out of the establishment by my friend. "What's your problem?"

"That's enough, dude. Leave Angie alone."

"Are you kiddin' me? Did you see what that bitch did to me?" I pushed my friend away from me to stand my ground. "I don't give a shit who Ang is to you. What she did was f**ked up. Peyton's never goin' to believe me now, because of that lying whore."

He pointed at me with serious eyes. "I'm goin' to let that slide since you're pissed. Go home Jamey. Peyton's just a chick, man. She'll be back. Bitches always come back. You know that."

He was wrong though. Peyton wasn't just another f**k buddy for me. She was special, which was something that none of my friends could understand. We'd both gotten around in our younger years, and with reputations like ours it was impossible for people to accept that we could change.

Since I knew I'd regret fighting with my friends, over something they had nothing to do with, I hopped in my vehicle and drove to the one place where I knew I would get support.

My brother's house.

He and his girlfriend Lacey had begun moving into their new house, located much closer to their jobs. He'd offered me the apartment, and I'd planned on asking Peyton to move in with me when we went back to my mother's house after riding four-wheelers. That was all messed up now, and I wasn't exactly sure I even wanted to move out.

Joey was outside drinking a beer while barbequing on the back porch. He waved me to walk around the house as soon as I got out. "What's up bro? You want a steak? I can have Lace thaw another one. We got them at the butcher last night. Look how thick these things are." He held up the steak as I approached.

"I'm not real hungry, man."

Joey put his arm on my shoulder. Lacey came outside carrying a marinade, and from the look on her face I could tell that she knew something was wrong. "You okay, Jamey?"

I sat down on a lawn chair and ran my hands through my hair. "No. I'm pretty f**kin' screwed up. That's why I came. I need some advice, because obviously I don't give a shit about relationships."

"Did you meet someone?" Lacey asked.

I think my brother knew the answer even before I said it. "Not exactly. It's Peyton."

"Her again? Boy, you don't know when to quit. You two are like fuel to a fire."

"Come on, bro, not you too. I need help here."

My brother began to laugh hysterically. "You're kiddin', right? I mean, the last time we talked you were all about hittin' whatever young ass came your way. What changed?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. I guess I realized that she's different."

"Jamey, are you in love with Peyton?" Lacey asked.

I looked down when I answered. "I don't know. I think I might be."

"Does she even know?" Her questions were hard for me to hear. The 'L' word was always off limits. I used to cringe when Peyton used it.

"I tried to tell her. Then things got all crazy. Now she's not talkin' to me at all. In fact, I'm pretty damn sure she's never goin' to speak to me again."

"Why?" My brother asked. "What did you do?"

"She thinks I slept with this chick."

"Well did you?" Joey's smile made me feel like an ass**le. Obviously they thought the worst of me.

"Am I really that bad of a guy?"

Joey started to answer, but Lacey threw up her finger making him hold off. "You just haven't found your way yet, that's all."

"Bro, did you sleep with the other chick?"

"Yes, but not for a long time. She's from out of town and it happened years ago. I swear."

Joey shook his head, while Lacey continued to communicate with me. "Why would Peyton never want to talk to you again? Were you with her when it happened? I'm a little confused." She sat down on the chair across from me while my brother continued flipping the meat. He was such a perfectionist when it came to cooking. Secretly I hoped to be as good as he was one day, albeit I'd never admit that to him.

"Last night I convinced Peyton to come over. One thing led to another and you know how it goes. We ended up in bed."

"As if that wasn't your plan all along," my brother said sarcastically.

"That wasn't the only reason that I wanted her to come over. I missed her. Anyway, we fought and then we talked, and then we fought some more. By morning we'd decided to give us another try; a clean slate. We promised no more lies. I admitted my feelin's for her, and invited her to go ridin' with me today. Things were good. It was like nothin' we'd ever experienced before."

"How did things get messed up then? It sounds like you worked everything out." Lacey was confused, but no more than me. I was in uncharted waters and felt as if I was drowning in my own stupidity.

"That chick that I slept with was there today when we went ridin'. She told Peyton that we slept together a few days ago. I tried to convince her that the bitch was lyin', but with my track record she wouldn't believe me. She had some dude pick her up and told me that she never wanted to see or talk to me again. You should have seen her face when she said it. She hates me."

I put my head down and heard the door opening. A few seconds later my brother came out and handed me a beer. "I think you need this."

I opened the top and took a sip. "More than you know."

"It sounds like that girl wants you all to herself," Lacey suggested.

"It's not goin' to happen. Even if Peyton never talks to me again, I'd never give that bitch, Angie, the time of day. She's made sure of that."

"The first thing you need to do is give Peyton some time. You could send her a message, but don't go crazy with it. Tell her you need to talk, but leave it open for her to contact you. If you bother her about it, she'll only get more upset with you. Trust me when I say that sometimes being apart makes the heart grow fonder."

"I doubt she will come around. You didn't hear her. She's done with me."

Instead of asking them for advice about getting Peyton back I should have been asking them how to forget about her, because surely it would hurt a lot less if I could do that instead.

"Lacey's right. Just be patient. If it's meant to be all will work out."

"I think I'd rather head to the beach, get f**ked up, and bang some chick I don't even know."

"That's the dumbest idea you've ever had, Jamey."

I could tell that I'd disgusted Lacey. She was always so devoted to my brother. The idea that we'd both slept around in younger years made her skin crawl. It was sort of cute how much she had forgiven my brother for his past. When she looked at him it was intense. I wanted that with Peyton. "Yeah, I know. I was just thinkin' it could make it not feel like I've been kicked in the balls, at least for a little while."

"That's not the answer to your problems. It will only make you feel worse about yourself. This chick sounds like a little whore who just wants attention. Just take my advice and give Peyton some time. The next time I see her I'll make sure she knows that Joey and I believe you. I don't think you'd come here and tell us a lie just to help your cause. You seem pretty broken up over it, besides, I never thought I'd hear you admit to loving someone."

There was that word again. "Yeah, don't get used to it. I'm thinking about retiring it forever. All it got me was a kick in the genitals."

Joey started laughing and shaking his head. "Come on inside. Let's eat. There's plenty to go around, and you obviously need the company. You can crash here tonight."

I appreciated my brother's hospitality. We may bump heads a lot, but he'd always been around when I needed him. Our mother had taught us that.

A couple hours later, after a six-pack of beers, I sent Peyton the text message that Lacey suggested. It was simple and to the point.

I really need to talk to you, but I can wait until you're ready. I'm sorry about today. Love Jamey

I don't know why but I stared at my phone for a long time, waiting for a reply to come through. Finally sleep came, and all I could hope for was to dream about being in that green pasture with Peyton, because that was the happiest I'd been in forever.

Chapter 13

Peyton

I woke up in a strange bed, all alone. After realizing that I was still in Wayne's bedroom, I headed out to look for him. On the couch, he slept sound, like a real gentlemen should. I grabbed a blanket off the back and covered him up, kissing the top of his forehead out of appreciation. His eyes opened and I felt sort of stupid for doing it, like it implied something I wasn't ready for.

"You okay?" He asked.

"Yeah, just woke up and wondered where you were."

He rolled over pulling the blanket with him. "Just get some sleep. We can talk in the morning."

"I can sleep on the couch. It's not a big deal. You don't have to sacrifice your bed for me." This man had already done too much. I felt bad for depending on him.

"Peyton, we're friends. It's not a big deal. Let me be a gentlemen and offer you my bed. I owe you."

He owed me? That was a first. Nobody ever owed me anything, because I'd always been so selfish, thinking of my own needs before anyone else's. "If you insist."

"I do, now go get some rest. I promised Abigail bacon in the morning. Hope you like it crispy."

I smiled, realizing that he wasn't going to let me sleep on that couch, no matter how many times I offered. I thought about seeing Abigail, and eating that crispy bacon, instead of dwelling on the negative in my life. Having this friendship meant so much to me. He didn't owe me anything, because I would never be able to repay him for what he continued to do for me.

I found it hard to fall back asleep. After tossing and turning around in the bed, I located my phone and turned it back on. A text message from Jamey made my stomach knot up. I knew I should have erased it, but I couldn't bring myself to do it without seeing what it said.

I read the message three times, and wondered why he was trying so hard to convince me otherwise. It was hard to turn off the phone and get back under the covers. I was surprised when I managed to do it without breaking down again. I suppose I was going through the motions. First there was the pain, and now all I felt was anger. I'd been betrayed by the one man I'd given my heart to. It was going to take a ton of time, but I would get over this, and possibly have a future with someone that understood me; someone like Wayne.

The sunlight let me know that morning had come. Wrapped in the blankets like a cocoon, I rolled over to see that it was past nine in the morning. The house was still quiet, and I certainly didn't want to wake Wayne or Abigail by getting up, so I lay there looking around the room. On the bedside table was a picture of Wayne and his wife. It must have been before she got sick. Her auburn hair was long and full of curls. Her belly had a bump, letting me know that she was carrying Abigail. Wayne wasn't looking at the camera when the picture was shot. Instead he was looking at his wife with a huge smile on his face. I picked up the photo and traced the figures in the picture, wondering if I'd ever be able to experience that kind of love. While in deep thought the door creaked up. I looked up to see Wayne standing there, looking down at the frame I now held in my hands. "Sorry, I was just-."

He held up his hands. "It's fine."

I put the frame down and moved over on the bed. Wayne sat down next to me and picked up the picture. "She was so beautiful. Even when she woke up after a rough night's sleep, all I saw was perfection. I used to watch her sleeping. She was so peaceful. After she was diagnosed it was the only time that she seemed at peace. This picture was taken right before Abigail graced us with her presence. God, we were so happy back then."

I could hear it in his voice that he was getting choked up. "Wayne, you don't have to talk about it."

"No, it's okay. It helps." He let out an attempt at a laugh. "You know, she made me promise that I'd find someone to live my life with. She was adamant about it, making me do this stupid pinky promise, like little children do. Even when I did it, I knew I'd never find someone like her. I miss her so much, Peyton, but every single day that I wake up and see our little girl I know I have a piece of her with me." He put his hand on my leg, catching me off guard. "Breakfast is ready in the kitchen. Abigail helped me make you teddy bear shaped pancakes. They look like blobs, so just pretend that they're perfectly shaped, so she can be proud."

He stood up, disregarding the fact that he'd just broke down in front of me. I guess it was how he coped. It broke my heart. Before getting up out of the bed I looked back at that picture. The love he had for her was indescribable. I longed for that kind of devotion, and knew I was never going to have it with Jamey.

It's what really helped me be sure about not calling him again. If love like Wayne's really did exist than I wanted to find it. I owed it to myself to be strong and move on.

After a delicious breakfast, I spent the afternoon in the backyard with Abigail, while Wayne went to the bookstore. We played princesses, and pretended that her plastic playhouse was her castle, and the backyard her kingdom. It was fun, and even better than playing with my brother when we were younger. He'd always insist on being the prince, which would in turn mean that he would be crowned king, while I remained a princess. Abigail wasn't like my twin brother, though. She'd been taught to share, and wanted us to be equals. I loved how beautiful she was, and the innocence that she carried with her.

As we were cleaning up she asked me a question that caught me off guard again. It was something that I was obviously not prepared for.

"Peyton, are you going to be my mommy now?"

Not only did it make me sad, but it also scared me. I didn't want Wayne to get mad at however I was going to answer. "Your daddy and I are just friends, Abigail. That doesn't mean that I don't love you. In fact, you're pretty much my best friend."

"Really?"

"Yes. You are the only girl that I love spendin' time with. You're a true princess."

She flipped her hair in a cute kind of way. "Daddy says that one day a prince will come for me. Do you think he will like cupcakes?"

"Who doesn't like cupcakes?" I answered her with enthusiasm. She giggled, letting me know that I'd amused her.

"What about daddy?"

"He likes cupcakes."

"No silly," she corrected. "What about daddy finding a queen?"

I sighed, knowing that all I had was a head full of wrong answers. "You'll have to be patient with daddy. One day he'll find his queen. Right now he's too busy raising the perfect princess." I tickled her to get her to change topics, before I said something that would upset her, or Wayne. They meant a lot to me and I didn't want to ruin that.

By the time Wayne walked in the door from work, Abigail was asleep on the couch with a animated movie playing in the background. To make the time go by faster I decided to clean the house, starting with the bathrooms. I was on the kitchen floor when I saw him step in front of me. "Hey, no footprints on the clean floor."

"Why in the world are you cleaning my house?"

"I got bored."

He grabbed my hand and lifted me to stand. "Please stop doing it. You're our guest, Peyton."

"It keeps my mind off of things."

"Why don't I drive you to your house to change your clothes and we can all go see a movie. You need to get out of the house, before you shine it to death." His sarcasm lacked something, but I couldn't ever put my finger exactly on it. For the most part he wasn't that funny when it came to trying to cheer me up. I gave him an A for effort. His attempts kept me interested, and distracted.

"A movie sounds like a great idea."

"It's a date." He froze in place and turned to face me. "Not that kind of date of course."

I nodded, agreeing that a real date would be too awkward at the moment. He and I both knew I wasn't ready for anything like that. His companionship was enough for me.

Thankfully, my brother, his wife, and the twins weren't home when I stopped by to change. After ten minutes I was out the door with a fresh outfit, and my hair in a loose French braid. Abigail was wearing a matching one from when we'd played princesses. She giggled when I climbed into the car with mine. It was pleasing to hear her so happy.

We ended up seeing a new spin on a fairytale. Wayne and I sat on each side of Abigail. Her eyes were glued to the film, while mine wandered around the theater. It was full of families, all so seemingly happy that it was bittersweet. I was still young, had my whole life in front of me. Why was I so broken up over a little breakup with someone that I crushed over in my teens? It made me feel so immature.

When the movie was over we grabbed a bite to eat, and Wayne drove me to Jamey's to pick up my car. I hated the idea of pulling up out in front of his house, but was relieved that he wasn't there. By the time Wayne pulled away I was already crying again. Being alone was the trigger. I started my car and looked around at the empty driveway. Jamey's whereabouts shouldn't have been my concern, but curiosity got the best of me. I wondered if he'd run right to that bitch that had come between us. Maybe they'd been seeing each other the whole time he'd been seeing me. She obviously wasn't from around. Maybe she'd moved closer to be with Jamey, and she'd finally gotten her wish.

My dinner came back up before I could pull away from the curb. I left the disgusting puddle of bile there hoping that Jamey would come home and find it, realizing that I wasn't some toy he could toss around. He'd destroyed me, physically and emotionally. He deserved to have his dick chopped off and fed to piranhas. Wishing him death wasn't going to give me closure, but it sure as hell made me feel better.

Chapter 14

Jamey

I'd like to say that it got easier as the days went by, but it wouldn't have been the truth. The more time that passed only made me wish I could go back and do things differently. I never realized how much Peyton meant to me until she was gone from my life. What was the most surprising was that it wasn't the sex that I was missing so much. It was her smile, and the way she looked at me like nobody else in the world existed. She took care of me in a sense, nurtured me to push me to be a better person. I felt lost, completely out of my realm.

After spending the night at my brother's house that first night I knew I couldn't sleep in my bed and not think about her, so I agreed to go ahead and take over the lease to his place. I also took on more hours at the diner to stay busy and make extra money to be able to afford a place on my own.

After two weeks of being miserable I helped my brother move into his new house. Since Lacey wanted new furniture, they left me almost everything. It was nice not having to move twice in one week.

I don't really understand why, but I started hanging out with my brother more. It was as if me being let down had opened up a door for us. We didn't bicker, and he was constantly inviting me to things that he'd never done before. It was also nice to hang out with my cousin Ford. Since Lacey and Sky were best friends they were together all of the time. The house they purchased needed work, so every night they'd meet over there and help out.

It wasn't until a couple weeks after the whole ordeal with Peyton that I started to feel like the fifth wheel. Joey and Ford had women that loved them, while I usually sat in a chair away from them watching how happy they all were.

I was jealous.

It really made me realize all that I'd been denying myself, and I knew that my brother had been right before. Once he met Lacey everything about his life had changed. She made him see that being alone wasn't all that it was cracked up to be, not when something so amazing could be waiting at home for him every night.

I got that now.

I understood what it was that he was talking about, and it hurt a little more that I'd had the chance to have it and somehow let it slip away from me.

On a Monday when we weren't too busy my mother pulled me aside to have a chat. After the last argument about Peyton I wasn't really sure of her motive.

"Jamey, I want you to be honest with me when I ask you this, because to be perfect blunt, I'm worried about you. Are you okay?"

I shot her a sarcastic grin, like she was way off base. "Yeah. I'm fine."

"Do you really believe that you can bullshit a bullshitter?"

I shrugged and looked down at the table. Grabbing the salt shaker to avoid eye contact with my mom. "Fine. I'm not okay. Are you happy now?"

"No." She crossed her arms and waited for me to look at her. When my mother spoke she required eye contact, and she'd stand there silent until she got it. "Is it because you moved out? I knew it was a bad idea."

"It's not that."

"Then what, Jamey? You've been moping around for weeks now. Hell, even some of the customers have noticed."

As scared as I was to mention her name, I knew I had to come clean with my mother. She had the ability to cut me off from a job if she wanted to, and from the way she was talking it seemed as if she was more concerned about my performance at the diner. I was getting that vibe from her. Sometimes she was extremely hard for me to read, or maybe I just sucked at understanding women period.

"I'm havin' girl problems. Before you say somethin' you need to know that I'm not foolin' around anymore. This shit is for real."

"I figured as much, since I haven't seen her around."

"You can say her name, mom. I know you hate her, but you don't have to pretend that you haven't known her since she was born."

"I don't hate Peyton, son. I hate what she does to you."

"That's where you're wrong. All she ever wanted was to be with me. Everything that happened between us was on me. I didn't understand the hype about bein' with one person."

"Jamey, part of my problem with Peyton was the fact that our families are so close. I knew that by you two dating each other it would only cause problems. So what happened? Did she finally wise up?"

"It didn't exactly happen that way. You remember that chick Angie from Jersey?"

"She's hard to forget with that accent. Why?"

"She told Peyton that we were together when we weren't. She ruined everything we had goin', and I don't get why she did it. Peyton didn't deserve that shit. Now she refuses to speak to me. In fact she told me that she never wants to see my face again. The hardest part about it was that I finally realized what I wanted. I made a promise to her for us to be together, and it's all over now." I sat down the salt shaker and leaned back in my seat, running my hand through my hair as I waited for my mom to reply.

"Sometimes it takes something drastic for people to see how important things are in their life. Your brother had to leave the country to see it. I don't know how I raised such hard-headed boys. I thought I'd taught you to respect yourselves, and the women that you got involved with. A part of that blame should fall on me." She leaned forward so that she could talk in a lower tone. "I don't like seeing you hurting the way you are, but if Peyton can't see the truth you need to move on. You can't live in limbo while she's out running around. It's not healthy."

"Mom, I respect your advice, but you're wrong again."

She raised her brow, silently demanding a further explanation.

"I don't care how long it will take, or what I have to do to prove it. I'm goin' to get her back."

"You're in love with her. I get that."

That word was getting easier to hear. "It's more than that. I know we're young, and maybe too naive to understand what it takes to be in a relationship, but I need to at least try. If you taught me anything it's to never give up. I'm not goin' to leave the country like Joey. I'm stayin' and I'm fightin' for what I want, even if I have to go through Shayne."

"I'm not the best at giving advice considering my track record. I met your daddy when I was just eighteen, and when he moved us over here I never thought I could be happy. After I got the diner I ignored his needs, focusing all my energy on making this business work. Even though I learned my lesson when he left us, I wasn't that upset about it. I'd worked too hard to make a name for myself. It's hard for me to see you and your brother struggling with relationships, especially when I've never felt the way that you feel. Sure, I loved your daddy, but it wasn't that forever kind of love. Some people just never find that."

I leaned forward to match her position. "Mom, I'm not askin' you for advice. Hell, I don't even know what I'm doin' right now. All I know is that I need to change. I can accept that Peyton may never speak to me again, but I don't want to ever feel like I do now."

My mom finally smiled. "It gets better with time. As far as you and Peyton go, I hope things work out. I know I'm hard on you about her, but it's only because you two were so rocky that I knew it would cause problems. If she means that much to you, and your happiness is being affected, it's best that you try to make amends, or else it will eat at you because you never found closure."

"Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of. The problem is that she wants nothin' to do with me. I'm pretty sure she's seein' someone else. When we had our fallin' out he came to pick her up. She says that they're just friends. I really don't know." I thought about that dude picking her up. She jumped right in the car with him like he was her hero. Whoever he was, I hated him.

"Jamey, do you think that maybe your history with females had led you to believe that no one of the opposite sex can be friends?"

"Possibly." She had a point. I'd never been interested in being just friends with a chick. They either wanted to f**k me, or nothing to do with me at all.

"Perhaps this man is just a friend. If I know anything about Peyton it's that she's crazy about you. I highly doubt she had someone on the side who was willing to wait and see if you two worked out."

I put my hands over my face for a second and tried to make sense out of the whole ordeal. "Mom, that's just it. The night Peyton came over it wasn't to get back together, not at first. She could have been involved with this guy the whole time and not told me. Sure, she picked me, but as soon as she thought I'd screwed up it all changed."

"You won't know for sure unless you ask her. Don't assume and get yourself pissed off."

"She's not talkin' to me."

"Jamey, there's no real immediate solution to this. You can either wait it out or figure a way to move forward. I just hate seeing you moping around. Enough is enough."

"You're right. I need to snap out of it."

She reached across the table and touched my forearm. "I love you and your brother with all of my heart. If you need to talk, or spend the night at home, it's okay with me." I almost wanted to laugh at her. Basically that meant that she missed us being around. The house was too big for just one person. It was a good thing she'd been seein' someone.

"Thanks. I will keep that in mind." I didn't want to make her feel worthless. I already felt that enough myself.

"I've got to get back to work. Let me know how things go."

"Mom." I waited until she turned around before continuing. "Thanks for the talk, and if she decides to give me another chance, which she probably won't, I hope you'll be able to accept us."

"I promise that I will be happy for you, only because I feel like you've finally learned how to be in a relationship the right way. Treat her right, Jamey. That's the key."

"I know. If she gives me another chance I'm goin' to."

When my mom walked away I sat there looking around the diner. Though it was semi-empty there were several couples and families eating. I watched them interacting, smiling, frowning, and laughing. As they all went through different emotions they all had one thing in common. They weren't alone.

I didn't have many goals in life. My job was given to me before I was even old enough to work. To want something so bad that I could taste the happiness was unbearable. I wasn't giving up on Peyton, and I was willing to do whatever it took to change her mind about me.

Chapter 15

Peyton

It had been three weeks since I'd last heard from Jamey, and a lot had happened since then. School kept me busy during the week, and when I went home at night I spent most of my time helping my brother and Ashley with the twins. Since they knew nothing about what had happened with Jamey, they never asked me about him. I found that comforting to know that being at home was a safe place.

Wayne and I spent the weekends together, mostly just hanging out and doing fun things with Abigail. Each time we were together I found myself drawn to the type of man he was. We'd kissed a few times in a chaste kind of way, but never anything that led me to believe that we were anything more than friends.

It was a good thing knowing that he didn't expect things out of me. When I was younger it was all guys ever did. I'd slept with my fair share of them, regretting it the next day almost every time. Jamey had been the exception, but our relationship was rocky at best, when he even admitted that we were anything at all. For the most part I'd never had a long-term relationship that I was able to brag about. It made me sad admitting it.

Wayne had listened to my sob story more than once, and never had he complained that Jamey was all I talked about. His kind soul made me feel like I mattered, which was something I'd never been familiarized with.

On a Sunday, after spending most of our day at a local state park, we headed back to Wayne's to cook out on the grill. He was making us his famous chicken and went on and on about his secret seasoning. The meal tasted delish, but Abigail was so tired that she started falling asleep at the table. Wayne got up and carried her to bed before returning.

It was one of those awkward moments where we were fully aware that we were alone. Suddenly it was as if neither of us could conjure up the nerve to speak. I cleared my throat and did my best to break the ice. "It all tastes great, Wayne. Thanks for havin' me over."

"It's my pleasure."

"Abigail was worn out."

"Yeah, she sure was. She really likes you, Peyton. I think you came into our lives at the perfect time. You know at night she asks about her mother." He took a sip of iced tea before continuing. "It's hard to talk about her to my daughter. Every time she asks me something all I can think of is that she'll never know her mother. It damn near kills me inside. You being around makes it a little easier. I hope you know how much you mean to us."

Was this his way of telling me that he wanted to be more than friends? I was a little caught off guard. "Wayne, you two mean a lot to me as well. It's just that -."

He held up his hand. "Maybe it came out wrong. Forgive me. I'm not used to being alone with women. My wife always used to say I was horrible at this. She teased me whenever she got the chance." He wiped his mouth with a napkin. "There I go again, talking about her. Sometimes I can't help myself. It's like she's with me all of the time and I'm constantly mentioning her to impress her. I'd never want her to feel like I'm trying to replace her, because honestly, I don't think I can."

I felt a knot forming in my throat. It happened every time he talked about his love for her. "Wayne, it's okay. She was the love of your life. Maybe she is here with us."

"She'd like you. You both have this similar spunk about you."

"I wish I could have met her. It would be nice to have a female to talk to about my problems. She seems like she was great for advice."

"She was a people person, a busy-body. Though she never snooped, she knew everything about everyone, in a sincere way. It was as if she was put on the earth to spread kindness. Does that make sense or am I sounding completely irrational?"

Wayne second guessing his sanity was pretty funny in itself. He was the most intelligent person I'd ever met, and certainly as sane as they come. "I agree. From what you've told me, she was an all-around woman. Wayne, I appreciate it so much that you talk about her the way you do. You say Abigail will never know her mother, but she lives through you. Even I can feel it."

Wayne caught me off guard again when he reached across the table and grabbed my hand. "You don't know how much that means to me." He started to cry, and I felt it necessary to get up and wrapped my arms around him. "I'm so sorry, Peyton. Sometimes I just want to give up. You don't know how hard it was watching the person that I loved more than life itself dying. That day that we found out the treatment wasn't working I couldn't look at her. I couldn't let her see how much pain I was in. I couldn't let her hurt for me. I had to put up a facade and be strong, even when my whole world was coming to a crashing end. While she lay in that hospital clinging to life, I was at home staring at a little girl who'd never understand why her mother wouldn't be coming home." He cried harder, causing me to react in the same way.

When you're young you never give much thought to things like death. You say things like you would die without the person in your life, but the reality is hard to grasp. My brother knew that fear that Wayne felt firsthand. He'd had to sit back not knowing if Ashley was ever going to come home. He'd never given up hope, even when we'd all had our doubts.

"I can't even imagine what that was like for you, Wayne."

"I dream about her. It's not every night, but most. I swear, sometimes I just want to sleep because I know there's a good chance that I'll see her again. I know it's ridiculous, but to me it's so real. It's like she knows it's the only way we can be together."

This poor man was broken, and I knew I had to be there for him. My problems didn't compare to the life-long pain he was suffering from. All selfishness aside, they needed me. "I'm here for you."

After I got Wayne calmed down enough to move to the living room, I went back into the kitchen to clean up dinner. In all honestly I needed to do something to keep from losing it myself. Sometimes being around Wayne was too depressing, not that I'd ever admit that to him. The last thing he needed was to feel like he was annoying me. I wouldn't have even called it that anyway. There were just times where I didn't know what to say.

I found Wayne had fallen asleep when I finally finished up with the dishes. When I went to cover him, he grabbed my hand. It startled me and caused me to abruptly pull it away.

He looked at me with desperate eyes. "Don't go."

I stood up straight and put my hands on my hips. He needed companionship, and I wasn't about to walk away when he was so emotional. "I'm not lettin' you sleep on the couch again. It's my turn this time."

Wayne sat up straight and looked right into my eyes. He grabbed both of my hands as he spoke. "Peyton, I was wondering if you'd be willing to sleep next to me tonight? I promise that I won't try anything. I just don't want to be alone."

If this was any other guy I'd think he was trying to get into my pants, but Wayne was different. I trusted him. "Okay. I'll stay with you."

Wayne stood up and turned off the lights before leading me into his bedroom. He pulled off his shirt, and for the first time I'd seen his bare chest. His small patch of hair on his chest was sort of sexy, and I was surprised at how slender he was. All those polo shirts didn't do him justice. He didn't have a bad-boy body like Jamey, but his distinguished look made him just as handsome.

Not knowing how I should react, I slid off my shorts, but left my tank top on and climbed into the other side of the bed. Wayne did the same, rested on his side and looked right at me. "It's been a long time since I've slept in the same bed as someone over the age of five. Forgive me if I don't know how to act. If you want to put a pillow between us it's okay."

For some reason I took offense to his comment. Not in a way where I was mad, but more like he couldn't let himself feel comfortable. In order to rectify the situation I knew I needed to make him see that I wasn't nervous being around him. I scooted closer and intertwined our fingers together.

I get that this wasn't what normal friends did, but Wayne wasn't what anyone would call normal. He lived his life for his daughter, because she was all that kept him going. He needed to know how to live again, even if it was just the two of them.

He let me hold his hand and sit it on my hip over the covers. For a while we just lay there looking into each other's eyes. It was intense, but at the same time therapeutic. When he let go I started to worry until he reached over and brushed the hair away from my cheek. "Thank you, Peyton."

"You don't have to thank me, Wayne." He gave me this look and I don't know what came over me, but I leaned forward and attempted to kiss him. At first it felt like he was responding, until he pushed me away.

"If I've given you the wrong impression I'm sorry. I didn't ask you to sleep with me tonight so that we could be intimate."

I wasn't offended. He was freaked out, and I was going to be understanding. "No. I'm sorry. I just thought we were havin' a moment."

I went to turn but he stopped me. "Peyton, if I was a whole man again I'd want to be with you in every way possible. My feelings for you are there, and I hope you know that I appreciate what we have, but I can't pursue them. It's not fair to you. I'm man enough to admit that if I can't love you completely, I won't try to waste your time. Our friendship is too important."

"Should I feel rejected, because for some reason I do?"

He touched my cheek, causing me to close my eyes. "No. You should feel like you're important, too important to be hurt again. As much as I want you in my life, and I most certainly do, I know it won't be fair. You deserve more. No woman wants to be burdened with a man's dead wife."

"She wouldn't want you to live like this. You said it yourself that she wanted you to be happy." I wasn't trying to get him to change his mind. Honestly I knew I was too hung up on Jamey to get involved in a serious relationship with Wayne.

"I know, but that's just it. The only way I will be truly happy is if I'm with her. I know it's not possible. Trust me, I've been to my share of therapist meetings to know that I'm being intolerable. I'm thick-headed, and devoted. What everyone doesn't take into consideration is that I promised to love her forever. I didn't say the part where it included till death do us part, because I wanted to love her forever. If we're reincarnated then I wanted to love her in that life too. Nobody gets it."

"I do." My sudden admission made him stop and stare.

"So you don't think I'm crazy?"

I touched his cheek, the same way he'd touched mine. "Of course not. I think that you are the most devoted man I know. Don't you get it, Wayne? You give me hope that every man can love wholeheartedly. You made me open my eyes and see that it was worth the fight that it was worth the pain. As much as you've been through, it's unconditional. I have to believe that it's goin' to get better for you, because you deserve to be happy. You deserve to smile again and not feel guilty about it."

"I can't help it." His lips started trembling again.

I touched them softly as I spoke. "I'm here if you need to cry, scream, smile, whatever. I've never thought you were crazy, and nothin' you say could ever make me think that."

Wayne leaned forward and pressed his lips against mine. It was out of character, so I got that it was for the appreciation he felt for me. "You're so special, Peyton. Don't let anyone tell you different. That boy doesn't know what he lost. "

That night I let Wayne wrap his arms around me and hold me. As much as he needed it, I think I felt the same way. It was so good to feel nurtured for a change. Even though our relationship was plutonic, it was the most serious I'd ever experienced. By being with Wayne, I was learning what I wanted out of my life, and the kind of man that I deserved to find. I was learning that in order to find my own happiness I needed to love myself first.

I wasn't the slut that everyone saw. I was a human being that only ever wanted to feel appreciated.

For the time being I was finally content with what I had in my life. I was striving for a career, had the best friend a girl could ask for, and my future was in my own hands.

Chapter 16

Jamey

I waited a month before I tried to contact Peyton again. One night, alone in my apartment, I scrolled through social media sites trying to figure out what she'd been up to. A picture of her and a little girl caught my attention. The caption just said the little girl's name, but underneath was a comment from a guy named Wayne. It made me so uneasy to see her interacting with another male, and after I'd checked out his profile I was sure that it was the guy that had come to her rescue, which obviously meant they were still hanging out.

While I was trying to figure out a way to get her back, patiently waiting until she'd had enough time to calm down, she'd already moved on to someone else, with a kid.

Maybe I shouldn't have commented, but I let my jealousy fuel my next move before I had time to reconsider.

Underneath the picture, and comment from Wayne I posted. "Nice built-in family. Must be nice."

Not even five minutes later I got a notification that she'd commented back. "I shouldn't have unblocked you. Please leave me alone."

That only made me angrier, so I replied. "For someone that's so judging it's nice to see that you were screwing around the whole time we were trying to get back together."

I watched as a reply instantly appeared on the screen in a private message between us.

Don't you dare compare my life to yours. I NEVER cheated on you. - Peyton

I saw that dude with you twice. You mean to tell me that you weren't seeing him the whole time? You're a hypocrite. - Jamey

I don't have time for this. I'm deleting you. - Peyton

Fine. Do whatever you want. Just know that I didn't sleep with that bitch like she said. Believe whatever you want. I meant every word I said to you that day, Peyton. If I could do things differently you'd be with me instead of him. - Jamey

You don't know that. - Peyton

Yes I do. I'll leave you alone like you want. I'll stop talking to you and move on. Just answer me one question. Can you do that? - Jamey

One, and then you leave me alone. - Peyton

Do you still love me, Pey? - Jamey

I waited patiently for a reply, but got none. After thirty minutes I shut my computer realizing that she wasn't going to answer me. It could mean two things. She still loved me, or she hated me. Either way I'd never know.

Peyton deleted me from her account that evening, still without replying to my question. It got me so angry that I felt the need to confront her about it. Against the advice of my family, I text her.

Why won't you talk to me? Do you have any idea how hard this is? - Jamey

I saw that she read the post, but I didn't get a reply until that night, probably when she was lying in bed alone or her boyfriend had fallen asleep.

You know why I don't want to talk to you. Don't make me change my number again. - Peyton

I miss you so much. If you're trying to make me suffer you're doing a great job. - Jamey

I really don't care how you feel anymore. You hurt me. You lied to my face. You cheated on me. What part of that is my fault? Everything you're feeling is because of the things you did. - Peyton

Fine. I'll take the blame. I did lie. In the beginning I cheated on you. However, I did not sleep with that chick like she said. I haven't been with her in a long ass time. She was doing that to get to you. I swear on my life, Pey. - Jamey

Save your story for someone who cares. I'm over it. Move on with whomever you want. I'm not wasting anymore time on us. - Peyton

So I guess this means you don't love me anymore? Is it that easy for you to move on, because I'm having a hard time thinking about anything besides you. - Jamey

You can't do this to me. - Peyton

Do what? Care? I need you. - Jamey

You need to get your dick wet. I know you, Jamey. This isn't about feelings. You're too selfish to care about me the way I wanted you to. I know now that there are other men out there that can be real. - Peyton

Who? That Wayne guy? - Jamey

None of your business. Stop messaging me. I don't want to talk to you. - Peyton

I'm not stopping until you answer me. I won't give up until I know for sure that there's no chance for us. I'm going to prove to you that I've changed. - Jamey

The answer is no. I don't love you anymore, Jamey. In fact, I don't know if it was ever love. Now leave me alone. - Peyton

I traced over her words and felt sick to my stomach. She'd given me the devastating blow that I was afraid of getting. She'd made it clear that we didn't have a chance. I'd screwed up and lost out on being with her. My ego couldn't take anymore negativity.

Since my brother and Lacey were spending a week at the beach I decided to drive the half hour and go hang out with them. After being rejected by Peyton the last thing I wanted to do was sit alone at my apartment thinking about what could have been.

Joey and Lacey were pretty cool about me staying with them. The place they were staying in was owned by her family, and it had plenty of room for me to stay out of their way. Ford and Sky showed up the next day, and once again I felt like the odd man out.

On the third night, which happened to be a Friday, we all went out to a local restaurant, which happened to have entertainment after nine. They'd planned to get a bite to eat and stick around until the band started.

I hadn't been out in so long, and it wasn't like I felt like going. Still, the girls convinced me that I needed to break out of my shell.

We'd been there for about an hour when I saw someone who literally made my head turn. First I spotted Shayne, his wife, and the twins, but at the same table as them was Peyton. She looked so beautiful. Her tan made her skin glow, and her blonde hair looked almost white. I sat there on a barstool staring at her, until Joey saw who I was looking at. "Did you know she was at the beach?"

"I'm not surprised. She likes it here. Her family comes a few times a year to stay at their place."

"Are you goin' to talk to her?" He was almost having to shout over the loud crowd of people that surrounded the bar.

"Probably not."

"That's your call, bro."

Joey went back to talking to our group, while I sat there watching the woman I was in love with. She was smiling, laughing, and seemed happy. It was a surefire kick in the testicles. I could have been the one making her smile. Instead I was sitting at a bar creepily stalking her.

In a matter of minutes the situation changed. Peyton stood up from the table and started to walk toward the bathroom. I couldn't help but get up to beat her there. She didn't know it was me until it was too late for her to turn around. I didn't smile, or say something to draw a reaction. Instead I stood there staring into her eyes.

"Jamey. What are you doin' here?"

"I'm here for the week with my brother. What about you?"

She was talking to me normally, and I knew I couldn't push it. We were being cordial for once. "Same. Shayne and Ash asked me to come. I told them I'd babysit if they wanted to go out a few nights alone."

"That was nice of you."

She got this disgusted look over her face as she replied. "I am a nice person, Jamey. I guess you were too busy when we were together to notice. If you'll excuse me, I need to go to the bathroom." She walked inside without waiting for me to respond.

For a few moments I stood wondering what I should do next. I surely didn't want to stop talking to her, so I followed her into the restroom.

There were only two stalls, and I could see her feet under the door. I leaned against it as I spoke. "Pey, we need to talk."

"Oh my God. Get out of here."

I almost laughed. "I'm not leavin' until you hear me out."

"I'll scream."

"Please. Just listen to me."

I heard the toilet flushing and moved away so that she could come out. I saw her feet approach the door, but she never opened it. "So talk."

"You're not goin' to come out?"

"No. Just say what you need to say and then go."

I leaned my head on the outside of the door and traced the paint as I spoke to her. This was my chance to make things right. She was listening, whether she wanted to or not.

"I'm sorry."

"For which thing?"

She wasn't going to make this easy. "For all of it. For lyin' to you. For cheatin' on you a long time ago. For takin' you for granted, even when I knew you were the best thing about my life."

"Did you rehearse that?"

"You don't have to rehearse the truth. I mean every word."

"I wish I could believe that, Jamey." I could hear her voice cracking, as if she was getting emotional. If that was the case then it meant she didn't hate me, not completely.

"It's all true, baby."

"Don't call me that."

"You'll always be my baby, Pey. That name is yours forever."

"How can you say the words forever to me? How dare you say that after all we've been through. I begged you to be with me, to want only me. You couldn't do it. This conversation is a waste of time. You love yourself. Everything else is a game to you."

"You're wrong. I hate myself, especially for what I did to you, to us. You show me where there's a time machine and I'd go back and make it right. I wouldn't take you for granted, not a single day. I wouldn't pick my friends over you, and I sure as hell wouldn't even look at another woman, unless it was to compare how they would never be you. Don't you get it. I want to be better, and the only way I see that happenin' is bein' with you. I made mistakes, I know that. I get that I hurt you, and I understand how you don't trust me. All of that can be fixed with time. I can prove it to you, if you just give me the chance." I was pleading, and I was okay with it. It was how I knew for certain that my feelings were real.

It got quiet for a few minutes, and then I felt the door unlocking. Peyton walked out to face me with tears in her eyes. I could hear her sniffling as she conjured up enough nerve to speak. "I waited so long to hear you say that."

I took a step forward, breaking the distance between us. I reached for her face, watching as her eyes closed when I touched it. "Please give me another chance. I'll do anything."

She shook her head. "I can't. I can't do it again."

"This isn't like the other times. I'm pourin' my heart out to you. Can't you feel the difference? Can't you see how much I need you, how much I want you?"

She shrugged and leaned against the stalls. "I don't know what's happenin'. Jamey nothin' about this is easy. No matter what I choose someone will get hurt. Don't you see? We don't work. We never did."

It hurt so much to hear her saying it to my face. She was right there in front of me and I couldn't convince her that I was sincere. "If this is over than can I just have one more kiss? Just let me say goodbye the right way, please?"

Peyton didn't answer with a response. She simply nodded and let my lips come closer to hers. I closed my eyes as they made contact and savored how familiar it felt to kiss her, how natural it was. Pain overwhelmed me as our kiss intensified. Peyton was giving me one final kiss, and she was definitely showing me everything that I'd be without. Our tongues collided, while my hands found her tiny waist. I pulled her closer to me, as I poured my heart into the embrace. Breathless, I pulled away after feeling her tears reaching our lips. I licked over mine to taste her salty pain. I'd never wanted to cry in front of anyone, but this moment between us was almost too intense to hold it in. Her bottom lip trembled as she spoke. "I will always love you, Jamey, but it hurts too much to be close to you."

She ran out of the bathroom leaving me there to indulge in the worst pain I'd ever experienced.

Chapter 17

Peyton

Had that really just happened to me?

I couldn't believe it, and I certainly wasn't going to stick around for more. I needed to get as far away from the restaurant as possible. Without explaining the root of my desperation to my brother and Ashley, I stopped by the table to tell them that I wasn't feeling well. If they saw Jamey they could figure it out on their own, without me having to go into detail with an explanation.

I took the bus back to the beach house, crying the entire way. An older couple handed me a travel sized pack of tissues, in which I filled every single one with tears and snot. It didn't matter how much time had passed. Seeing Jamey face to face had brought back every feeling that I'd felt for him. I couldn't shake him, no matter how hard I tried. It was as if no time had passed. When we kissed every rush of emotions came back full-force. I didn't just miss him, I longed for his touch, for that affection that he'd always given me when it was just the two of us.

By the time I made it inside of the house I was a nervous wreck. I plopped down on my bed and bawled like a baby.

Then my phone started to blow up with text messages. I knew it was him, and even though I shouldn't have looked, I couldn't resist.

Are you okay? - Jamey

God, it was crazy how that kiss had affected me.

I don't know. - Peyton

It was the truth. I didn't know what was going on inside of my head. All that I'd promised to myself was going down the drain after seeing him again. How could he get to me the way he did? I was pathetic.

I am a mess now. - Jamey

Don't say that. - Peyton

It's true. I missed those lips. I miss everything. - Jamey

We can't. I won't. - Peyton

Come out with me. Let me take you on a real date. If you still hate me afterwards I'll stop trying. Just give me the chance to say how sorry I am. Give me two hours, Pey. Let me take you to dinner. Give me one more night. - Jamey

I already gave you one last kiss. What do you expect out of this? I won't change my mind. - Peyton

I wasn't too sure about that.

It's just dinner. We never have to touch. I promise. - Jamey

I already ate. - Peyton

Tomorrow night. I will meet you at Blue Crab's at seven. You don't have to tell anyone who you are meeting. It can be our secret. - Jamey

This is the last time, Jamey. If I agree to this then you need to promise you will stop all of this. I can't take it anymore. - Peyton

I promise. One last night. So, will I see you tomorrow? - Jamey

Yes. - Peyton

I'd agreed to go on a date with Jamey, knowing darn well that I wouldn't be able to resist him. I wouldn't be able to look into the deep brown eyes and tell him that I didn't want him. It was impossible. Before tomorrow night I'd call and cancel. I was sure of it.

Except I didn't.

With little sleep I woke up the next morning feeling terrible with only one thing on my mind. Our kiss consumed me, so much that I found myself touching where his mouth had been just one day before. I longed for more. Wrong or right, I couldn't send that message, because telling him no was like breaking my own heart. I had to do this, for myself, for closure that we both needed.

I changed my outfit three times before putting the first thing back on. My hands were so shaky that I poked myself in the eye with my makeup twice. If my brother didn't already suspect something was up, my actions gave it away immediately.

He was waiting on the balcony for me when I was about to leave. As soon as Ashley told me I knew that he'd figured it out. The sliding glass door hadn't even shut all the way when he started talking. "Pey, what are you doin'?"

"Don't start, Shayne. I'm a grown up. I can make my own decisions."

"How many times are you goin' to run back to this fool? He's no good for you."

"You sound like dad." I knew that would hit a nerve with him.

"I'm lookin' out for you. Someone has to. Didn't you learn your lesson the last time?"

It was funny, because Shayne didn't even know about the last time I'd been with Jamey. I'd never told him about it. "Obviously not. Look, it's my mistake to make. At the end of the day I'm the only one that has to live with my choices. Besides, it's just dinner. It's not like I'm goin' to end up in bed with him. I know better than that. We're tryin' to be friends. Can't you understand that?"

Suddenly realizing that I was full of shit, I knew I had to get out of there, before I dug myself into a deeper hole with my brother. "Don't say I didn't warn you."

I kissed him on the cheek. "I love you for worryin' about me, but I promise that I'm fine."

I left before Ash could give me her two-cents.

Just like he'd promised, I found Jamey standing in front of the restaurant waiting for me. He smelled like heaven, and unlike how he used to gel it down, his hair was blowing in the breeze. I got goose bumps the closer I got to him. "You made it?"

"I told you I would."

He opened the door for me. "I checked my phone twenty times to make sure you didn't cancel. You look amazin'."

A compliment. I wasn't used to that.

"Thank you."

When we reached our seat Jamey rushed over and pulled the chair out for me. He sat down across from me and waited for me to open my menu before he did the same. "I haven't been here in a long time."

"Me either."

I had to peek at him, to see the perfection of his face up close knowing that this was our last date. He caught my stare and sat his menu down on the table. I felt his hands coming across the table and didn't pull mine away. I was too mesmerized in the moment. "You're so beautiful."

"Stop bein' so nice. It's weird."

"I am simply observin' what's in front of me. If this is our last date then I need it to be perfect. Tonight I'm puttin' my heart out on this table. I realize that it's not goin' to get me anywhere, but I appreciate you givin' me the opportunity to do so."

It was too much to hear, too much to handle. I stood up and grabbed my purse. "I need to use the ladies room."

Jamey stood up and I turned around quickly. "I'll be back. I promise." The last thing I wanted was for him to follow me into another restroom. Besides the fact that I was afraid of what I would do given the opportunity to be alone with him again.

Once inside of the lavatory I leaned over the vanity and stared at myself in the mirror.

"What was I thinkin'? This is the dumbest idea you've ever had, Peyton," I whispered to myself.

Not wanting to mess up my makeup, that I'd almost lost an eye over, I didn't splash water over my face to calm down. Instead I just stood there taking deep breaths. I had to get through this night if I wanted to be able to move on.

When I got back to the table Jamey had already ordered us drinks. He had his hands folded over the table and smiled as I sat down across from him. "Sorry about that."

"Are you nervous?" He paused for a moment. "I know I am."

It was relieving knowing that we were both feeling the same. "I don't trust myself with you, Jamey."

"I won't try anything. I swear."

"So what's new with your life?" I had to change the subject.

"I moved into my brother's old place, and picked up more shifts at the diner to pay the bills. That's about it."

He had to have been dating. Jamey didn't go without sex. "So you aren't seein' anyone?"

He cocked his brow, as if my question had offended him. "No. What about you? Are you still seein' Wayne?"

I almost laughed thinking about my complicated friendship with Wayne. "Wayne is my friend, Jamey."

"So you've never slept with him?" His question was direct. It bothered him that I could be with someone else.

"I've slept in the same bed as Wayne, but we've never had sex."

"Wow. He's takin' the word slow to another level."

"It's not like that."

"Yeah, I bet. There's no way in hell he's laying next to you at night and not thinkin' about bein' with you. He'd have to be g*y. You're the sexiest woman I've ever met, and you've got the heart of gold. Trust me, he wants you just as much as I do."

"I'm goin' to ask you to talk about somethin' else. It's makin' me uncomfortable."

Our waitress came up at that exact moment, breaking up the awkward feelings I was having. Once we ordered she left us alone again.

"So, do you see yourself becomin' serious with this guy?"

I shrugged. "Jamey, I don't want to talk about Wayne. It's too complicated. Did you really ask me here to talk about some guy you don't know?"

"Honestly, I came here tonight to convince you that I'm the man you belong with. The rest is just my nerves."

I giggled at his admission. It was just like him to act that way. "You told me that this was our last date."

"I will keep my promise as long as you keep an open mind."

"Fine. I promise to be open-minded."

Jamey reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a velvet bag. I knew it contained a present, but was stunned when he passed it to me. "This is for you, but before you open it I want you to know what it's for."

"I'm listening."

"Since this is out first official real date, and our last, I wanted you to have something special. I also know that when we were seein' each other I wasn't exactly a gentlemen on birthdays, and holidays. For two years I dodged those days so that I didn't have to buy you anything sentimental. I was a total douche, and you should have left me a long time ago. Last night messed with my head. I thought about all of the moments where I could have changed our future. So I spent my whole day looking for the perfect gift. Open it and see what it is."

I reached into the small velvet bag and pulled out a Pandora bracelet that was full of charms. As the tears rolled down my face to see that he'd given me a real piece of jewelry, he started pointed to the charms, one at a time.

"The crab represents our love for the beach. I would have given you this charm on your birthday." He pointed to the next. The suitcase reminded me of all the times you packed your bags to be with me, and then to leave me. I should have bought you this when I first realized that I was losing you." He pointed to the third charm. "The J is my initial. After our first year I should have given this to you to represent that you were my girl." He twisted the bracelet around and pointed to the next charm. "The present charm represents all of the gifts that I should have bought you." Moving onto the next one Jamey started to get choked up. In turn I began to cry harder. He touched a charm that was a couple. "This should have been you and me." Then he pointed to the last one. "The heart charm means the most to me, because I should have known a long time ago what love felt like. This represents my heart, and whether you decide to give me another chance, or say your goodbyes, I wanted you to have it anyway."

Jamey stared at me for a second before standing up. "I'll be right back." I watched him walk to the restroom and go inside. He'd just given me something beautiful, so filled with emotion that I didn't know how to react. This was the man that I'd always wanted him to be. How was I supposed to walk away from him?

Then I started thinking. Was he doing all of this to win me back? If I agreed would he go back to his old ways? I didn't know what to believe. By the time he returned I was even more confused.

I held out my arm. "Can you put it on me?"

"Do you like it?"

"I love it. I've never owned somethin' like this."

The smile on his face made me do the same. Suddenly all of the bad seemed irrelevant. He was doing it to me again, and I was letting myself fall for it. How I was going to walk away from this man was becoming a mystery that I didn't know how to solve. Agreeing to this date was a mistake. My brother was right, because the only thing it was going to get me was a trip to Jamey's bed, and I couldn't begin to stop myself.

Chapter 18

Jamey

I was doing everything in my power, that I could come up with, to get her back. With the help of Lacey and Sky I'd bought her the bracelet and charms. There was no need to rehearse what I wanted to say to her, because every bit of it was from my heart.

For the first time I was nervous, so much that I felt like I was going to get sick. It was do or die. She wasn't going to give me any more chances. The bracelet was just the beginning. By the end of the night Peyton was either going to believe me, or not.

While we ate our meal she kept looking at her bracelet, touching it as if she were worried it was going to fall off. I appreciated how much she liked the gift. It made me regret how many things I could have given her if I'd just gotten my head out of my ass for five seconds to see it.

"You know, livin' alone has givin' me a ton of time to think. I was an arrogant bastard to you. I'm so sorry."

She sat down her fork and wiped her face before responding to me. "I think we should use tonight as a way to get past everything we've gone through together. If tonight is about sayin' goodbye then maybe we need to lay all of our dirt on the table."

As much as I feared the topic, I knew I had to appease her. "Sounds like a good idea. I'm ready for whatever you have to ask me."

"How many times did you cheat on me, Jamey? If this dinner is about closing doors then finally tell me the truth. I'm tired of not knowing, and it isn't fair that I have to hear shit behind my back."

She wasn't going to ease into the questions at all. "You want a number?"

"I want whatever you're willin' to tell me."

I sat my fork down, unable to take another bite when my food was creeping back up my throat. "I have to think about it. Don't get pissed. Just give me a second. There were several times when we were broken up, so they don't count, right?"

"I'll give you that. Just the ones that you snuck behind my back with."

"Does phone calls count?"

She shrugged. "Jesus, are we talkin' hundreds?"

"God no. Hang on." I thought back to every number that I'd got at the diner, and then decided it was best if I just showed her. I pulled out my phone and slid it across the table. "Tell me a name and I'll tell you what happened."

She scrolled through my phone. "Well the first name is Angie. How about we save that for last?"

"Good call."

"Becky."

I thought for a minute. Becky had come into the diner with her father. She'd slipped me her number while coming back from the bathroom. I called her a couple of times, but she lived too far away to go out. "Never dated her. She gave me her number at work. We talked for a few nights and that was it."

Peyton shook her head and moved to the next girl. "Carrie."

I sighed. "I slept with Carrie last year. Remember when we broke up before Valentine's Day?"

I could tell it pissed her off. "How many times?"

"Once."

"Where at?"

"In the backseat of my car, behind the diner."

Her eyes filled with tears. I think Peyton assumed that it was our special spot. It just so happened that when I got off work girls liked to meet me there. We ended up never leaving the parking lot.

She slid the phone back to me. "I can't do this. Just tell me how many other girls you slept with behind the diner."

I swallowed the lump again and looked down at my shaking hands. I couldn't answer her.

"How many, Jamey?"

'Three in a span of two years."

She covered her face with her hands. "I can't believe you. How could you do that to me? Was I at your house waitin' for you? Was I in your bed while you were f**kin' them?"

I lost it. She was calling me out and I couldn't hide any longer. I felt my eyes welling up and refused to look at her. "Yes."

Peyton stood up and threw her napkin in my face. "You disgust me, Jamey."

I was about to yell that I'd used protection, but all that would have gotten me was a punch in the face. "For the record I didn't cheat in the last year. I swear. It's only been you. I've talked to girls on the phone, but nothing more."

"What about Angie?" She turned and asked.

"What about her? I told you. We weren't together at all. She tried when we went ridin' one day, but I told her I couldn't. That's the truth. She made that story up, Peyton. I swear it."

I pulled out my wallet and tossed money on the table. I wasn't sure how much I'd just tipped the chick, but there was plenty to cover the meal. We made it all the way outside of the restaurant to the edge of the beach. Peyton kicked off her shoes and darted for the water. I chased after her. Feeling the sand going inside of my shoes. "Please wait."

She stopped when she couldn't run any further. Hunched down crying, I reached out to comfort her. Peyton jerked away from me and slammed me in the side with her purse. "I hate you. I hate you so much."

I felt wetness running down my cheeks as I pleaded with her. "Baby, please. You asked me to tell you everything. I'm tryin' my hardest here. What do you want from me?"

"What do I want? You want to know now? I want you to die. Looking at you makes me ill. You are the scum of the earth, Jamey Billings."

I reached for her again, this time grabbing the fabric of her dress. She turned to look out into the ocean. "You don't mean that. You wouldn't have come to dinner if you hated me. You wouldn't have kissed me last night."

"It was a mistake," she interrupted.

I placed my hands on her shoulders and felt her body shaking as she cried. "Don't say that. You don't make mistakes, Peyton. I'm the one who f**ks everything up. I'm the one who couldn't see what was right in front of me. You've always been perfect."

"Please don't." She wiggled until my hands weren't touching her, then turned to face me. Her finger pointed in my direction. "You ripped out my heart. So many nights I sat up waitin' for you to come home to me. I loved you with everything I had in me and you shit on it. You shit on me, and everything I thought we had."

I pointed back at her, noticing the sun going down behind the horizon. "I told you not to label what we had. I never promised to be faithful, and you know it. I never gave you false hope. You're the one who insisted that we be monogamous."

She slapped me hard across the face. I grabbed her wrist and held it as she spoke. "I hate you."

"You don't." I let her hand fall and grabbed her by the waist pulling her against me. "If you hated me then it wouldn't hurt so much."

She refused to look at me. "Just leave me alone. I can't forgive you."

"Why?"

"Because you slept with them. Don't you get it? You've destroyed me time and time again. I feel like an idiot. You were out f**kin' girls while I sat in your bed waitin' for you. How many times did you come home and f**k me right after them? How many?"

"None." There was a couple times where I could have, but I wouldn't have done that to Peyton, even though she was better than all of them put together. "I may have screwed around with them, but they'd never be you. None of them have ever been in my bed."

"Oh that's just great. Should I feel special now?" Her sarcasm was better than getting hit upside the head again.

"Look at me."

She refused.

"God damn it, Peyton, look at me." She turned slowly, finally gracing me with those tear-filled eyes. Then she saw what she'd be refusing to notice. She saw my pain, my regret, and my loss. "I'm in love with you, Peyton. Can't you see that? Look at me and tell me that I'm lyin'. Jesus, how much more do I have to sacrifice to prove it to you?"

She just stood there, crying while looking at me. Her lack of words let me know what I feared. All of my efforts had been for nothing. "We're over for good aren't we?"

She nodded, but didn't answer.

I couldn't take it anymore. There wasn't any way I could stand there watching her break my heart again. I'd done everything she'd asked me. I'd come clean. I'd changed. I'd worked so hard to make her see. Nothing worked.

I had to walk away.

I never looked back as I walked away from her. The waves came in soaking my ankles, but I kept moving until the dark of night filled the sky. When I knew I was all alone I sat down underneath a lifeguard stand and finally let my emotions go. I didn't care if someone heard me, because my reason for living hated my guts.

Chapter 19

Peyton

It was the hardest thing I'd ever had to do. Unlike the times before it, this one stung unbelievably. My heart felt like it was shattering inside of me. I felt as if a dagger was being stabbed in my back.

When I arrived at the beach house I was met with two sets of concerned eyes. Ashley didn't question me as I fell into her arms. I clung to her, letting the tears pour down my face.

"I told you this was a bad idea, Peyton. What were you thinkin'?"

"Don't, babe. Give it a rest until she can tell us what happened." Ashley was determined to shut my brother up, and I loved her for it.

Once I finally calmed down enough to take a drink of water, Ashley sat down next to my brother and waited patiently for me to respond to their concerns. "I had to leave. I couldn't hear it anymore. It hurt too much." My words came out with so much emotion that I wasn't sure they could understand me.

"What are you sayin'? Did he hurt you, because if he did I'll -."

"No. He never laid a hand on me. Jamey wouldn't do that."

"Then what. Pey? What happened?" Ashley was so kind with her questions. It was the mother in her.

"You don't understand," I kept rambling. "I love him. It's hurts too much. We can't be together."

"You're not makin' any sense, sis."

I collapsed, falling to the floor before I could explain. I understand how irrational I must have seemed, but my body wouldn't let me respond in any other way. I was giving up, and letting myself succumb to the depths of loneliness.

My very concerned brother picked me up and carried me to the bedroom. Ashley followed close behind making sure I was comfortable, and that I didn't need anything. I rolled over so that they couldn't see my face. The agony of what I was going through had been brought on from devastation. I knew better than to ask about things I never wanted to know. Now I had to live with the truth, knowing that it would forever taint the love that I had for Jamey.

After trying to pry what happened out of me with no result, my brother finally gave up, leaving me alone. Once they'd all gone to bed I lay there restless. I knew that Jamey cheating was nothing new. I'd suspected it for a long time. I think hearing him admit to it opened up a lot of old wounds that I'd buried deep inside.

The sound of something on the window startled me. I sat up in the bed and pulled the covers over my body. A mini-blind prevented me from seeing outside, but the image of a person stood on the other side. Without looking I knew who it was. Last year I'd told him what window was mine so that I could sneak him inside without my brother seeing us. Ever since our dad had given him back his key he'd acted like he was in charge of who was allowed to come inside.

This time I wasn't excited to see him. In fact looking at him was only going to make matters worse. On the other hand the pain of what had occurred earlier had made me irrational. The mere thought of Jamey being able to take the pain away gave me some kind of false hope. I knew it wasn't real, but I was desperate to feel it.

It's what made me rush to that window and unlock it. Jamey stood there, in the dim lit yard. His eyes were glossed over and puffy. I couldn't look at them without feeling more hurt. "Why are you here?"

"Because I care about you."

"You should have thought about that before you cheated on me." The mere mention made me jealous.

He scratched his head, but climbed through the window after a second's thought. "You're right."

"I didn't say you could come inside."

"I'm not a f**kin' vampire, Pey. I don't have to be invited into your room, and I certainly don't have to have permission to do this." He reached over and pulled me against his chest. I wanted to hit him, to scream out so that my brother would come in and kick his ass, but my bones wouldn't let me. I stood there motionless while his arms wrapped tightly around my back. "Please don't push me away, Pey. I'm so sorry, baby. I know you'll never be with me, but I can't stand to watch you hurtin'. Just let me hold you. Please, just let me."

I nodded and sobbed against his chest, feeling him kissing the top of my head. "This changes nothin', Jamey. I can't forgive you."

"I know. Trust me, I know."

My arms clenched the back of his shirt as if I was holding on for dear life. Having him there, comforting me, it wasn't like anything I'd ever experienced with him. While I was crying, I could feel his own shaking. Never in my life could I imagine Jamey breaking down the way he was. Knowing that I was the reason made me sympathize with him. I may have hated what he did to us, but I still loved him.

I'm not really sure how it happened, but we ended up back in my bed, dressed of course, and not in a romantic way at all. Jamey was behind me, with both of his arms wrapped firmly around my torso. I don't think he would have let go even I tried to get away.

I couldn't admit it to him, but I didn't remember the last time that I felt so safe. Being in his arms, having him hold me so desperately, it gave me this sense of security that I'd obviously been lacking in my life. This was the man I loved, no matter what he'd done I couldn't stop. I know I said that I hated him, but it wasn't true. I was just so angry, so damn hurt that the lies kept piling up. I knew they were a long time ago, but it felt the same as being only days before. Betrayal was evil. It was a deadly sin that no person wanted to deal with.

After being silent for a little while, Jamey adjusted to face me. He ran the back of his hand over my jawline. "Are you mad at me for comin' over?"

"No."

"Do you want me to leave?" I could see the torture in his eyes as he waited for my reply.

"You probably should." I paused, knowing that if I asked him to leave I'd be alone again, left to cry in misery. "But I don't want you to."

He smiled, while still looking deep into my eyes. "Why?"

It was a difficult question to answer. I didn't want to give him false hope, but I certainly didn't want to lie. "I don't want to be alone."

"Your family is here with you."

"That's not what I meant."

He kissed the side of my head. "I know what you meant, because I haven't been able to sleep in weeks. Nothin' feels right. I'm just goin' through the motions, tryin' to figure out how to make things right. I know you told me to leave you alone, but I can't do it. I can't get you out of my head. It's makin' me crazy." Jamey picked my hand up and kissed it. I hated how connected I felt to him. Where I should have been disgusted, all I wanted was to be right where we were, in a full-on embrace.

"Just hold me," I felt myself getting choked up again as I spoke. "Don't talk."

Jamey did I as requested and held me in silence. The room felt like it was spinning around as every different emotion possible came to mind. I'd confronted my demons and left myself vulnerable, and weak. I wasn't able to sustain from wanting him close to me.

As impossible as my situation was, I knew that I wasn't going to let him leave my bed.

A little while later Jamey had fallen asleep. I continued to lie there staring at him resting so peacefully. Then I did something that I knew was a bad idea, yet I still went through with it. I leaned forward and pressed my lips against his, just wanting to feel what it was like again. I was gutted, yet still needed his touch.

His eyes opened with surprise. For a moment I thought he was going to pull away. Surely he hadn't come for this. Jamey began reciprocating immediately, reaching for my waistline and pulling off my top.

I didn't want this.

It was all I wanted.

I removed his clothes as if we had no time to spare. Seeing and touching his naked body gave me chills. I had to feel every inch of him, no matter what the repercussions would be afterwards. I needed to be completely overwhelmed by pleasure, if only temporary.

Once we both were naked, sitting up facing each other, Jamey stopped kissing me and brought his attention back to my eyes. "Are you sure this is what you want? We can stop. I just don't want to hurt you any more than I already have."

I reached between his legs and took ahold of him, stroking him as I spoke. "I'm sure."

He lifted me then sat me back down slowly, maneuvering himself inside. It had been so long that it was almost painful at first. I began to bob my body up and down over him, feeling him touching my br**sts. His thumbs played with my ni**les, flicking over them until they hardened to extremes. The sensations made me lose track of my senses momentarily. Then I came to the realization of what we were doing, unprotected. "Whoa. Stop," I wailed.

"What?"

"You're not wearin' a condom."

"We've done it a million times without protection, Pey. I hate to break it to you, but I didn't bring anything. You told me you hated me earlier, so I just assumed I didn't need it."

"I do hate you. That hasn't changed." He snickered and scratched his head like he did when he was in deep thought. "So what do you want to do?"

"I can't do this. It's different now."

"Look whether you believe me or not, I've never had sex without protection with anyone but you. I swear on my mother's life. I never f**ked up with that."

I sat quiet for a second, taking in the fact that he'd sworn on his mother's life. Besides himself Jamey only cared about few people. She was at the top of the list.

"What do you want me to say? This is a mistake."

Before I could pull away from him anymore, Jamey grabbed me and held me still. "No. Please don't do this. Don't make me leave."

"I won't." That much I was sure of. "I suppose if you were carryin' some disease I would have already contracted it, right?"

He gave me a disgusted look. "Come on, Pey. I was safe, and if you're worried I just told you that it's been a long ass time since I was with anyone. It's just been you. I swear."

Regardless of what was at stake I sat up straight on top of him and grabbed a chuck of his hair with both hands and tugged. With a fistful of what was once his prized possession I stared into those brown eyes as if I were peering into his soul. "Close your eyes."

"What?"

"I'm serious. Close your eyes." I waited and watched as Jamey reluctantly did as he was asked. Then I looked at his face, seemingly innocent, but harboring demons. I needed to be free of him, of it all, except the idea of that made me feel like I wanted to give up completely. I have to find reprieve, even if it were in the arms of my deceiver.

My lips pressed over his passionately, painfully, with so much regret. I closed my eyes, not willing to see those eyes that knew me so well. He was my love, my illness, and my greatest mistake, but without him my heart was empty.

All I wanted was to feel alive again. I needed to know what it felt like to give myself to him once more, no matter what the consequences were. He was my weakness, and I his. Together we had passion, apart we were nothing.

The second time he entered me I was fully aware of what was going on. I'd had time to reconsider. He'd given me a way out, and perhaps I should have taken it. Still, feeling him inside of me gave me power, but I wanted more. Our lips clashed together. His tongue found mine, and as they mingled together I found myself wanting to cry out in passionate bliss. Our pace increased, while Jamey clung tightly to the underneath of my cheeks. He guided me over his c**k with a sporadic rhythm. Each time he thrusted deep it would tease my clit. I leaned back and held onto my tits, watching him watch me. As I climaxed for the first time something happened to me. I felt compelled to give Jamey something that he would never forget. I lifted myself off of him, leaving him wondering what was going on for only a second. The moment I scooted down and took his full-on erection between my lips his reaction changed. I felt him grabbing my hair as I bobbed up and down, massaging his balls with my fingernails. I started rocking his dick with both my hand and my lips. The harder I sucked the faster I moved my hand. Saliva ran down his shaft, lubricating it after I'd licked off all of my own juices. This was my cock, and he needed to know what he was about to lose out on. Jamey's tug on my hair let me know he was about to blow his load. I pulled away and licked the tip, feeling as if I was in control of what was happening between us. He pulled me back onto his lap, noticing how much wetter I'd become from sucking him off. He licked my bottom lip before sucking it hard into his mouth. I could feel the blood rushing to it suddenly as he let it go. Our tongues met outside of our mouths leading to a powerful kiss. I began rocking back and forth again, feeling fulfilled both inside and out. I reached around and dug my nails into Jamey's back as I started to climax again. Our mouths stayed together as I cried out in passion. Sweaty, and out of breath, we sat there holding each other, like we knew that it was the end.

I was going to regret it in the morning that I was sure of, but in that very moment all I could think about was never letting him go.

Chapter 20

Jamey

I was at a loss for words. After battling my own conscience over what I should do, I'd managed to end up standing outside of Peyton's families beach house. I should have known better than to walk up to that window she used to sneak me in, and knock on it. My hands were shaking as I watched the image of her approaching that window. When she let me inside I was prepared for anything, but not willing to walk away until I told her something that had been burning a hole in my heart for too long.

Just a little while later we were tangled together, naked, and exhausted. Peyton had let me be with her, and it meant more than she'd ever know. What sucked was that it made it harder for me to be able to accept that we were over. Trust was the biggest issue for us, and without that I had no idea how we'd ever work out, but I had to at least try. I couldn't give up on something that made me feel so right. I had to find a way to prove to her that I'd never take her for granted again.

Sometime in the middle of the night we both found ourselves awake. Before any words were spoken we'd already become engulfed in each other again. Just before we came together for the second time I sat her up and brought her lips to mine, holding them there while I spoke. She needed to know once and for all that I was ready to be the man she wanted me to be. Maybe it was too late, but I was willing to try anything.

"Baby, wait. There's somethin' that I need to say."

She moved back enough to be able to look at me. "What is it? Is there somethin' else you didn't tell me."

"Yes."

"Don't do this to me." She shoved me away and moved to other side of the bed.

"It's nothin' bad. Come back over here. I need you to look at me when I tell you. Please, it's important."

Slowly she made her way to the middle of the bed where I sat. I grabbed her hand and pulled it up to my lips, tenderly kissing her skin. "I'm listening," she whispered.

It was hard for me to find the courage to talk about something so serious. I'd never had to do it before, but knowing what I was about to lose was making me desperate and able to do things that I never thought possible, to feel things that I never knew I would. "Peyton, I've been a f**kin' fool. I never should have takin' you for granted, but it happened, and I'm so sorry that I hurt you. You've got to believe me when I say that. I came here tonight because I couldn't breathe knowin' that you were so upset, and I was the reason. God, I'm so f**kin' pathetic. I let my damn ego get in the way of everything. I let my friends dictate my actions, and put myself before you, more times then I care to admit. Again, I apologize. You're probably never goin' to forgive me for all that I've put you through, but I couldn't let you go without tellin' you that. When I'm done this you can tell me to leave, and I promise to respect that decision. I deserve to be kicked to the curb, and called more names that you've already chose for me. I'm everything you never wanted. Why I am even this close to you right now is beyond me."

"Jamey, don't. We shouldn't talk."

She wanted me to stay, and I hated myself for agreeing to it, because we both knew that it wasn't going to get better. Peyton and I had our chance at being together, and obviously she wasn't the one to screw it up. "I need to say this. I may never get another chance to tell you."

"Spit it out then."

I looked down at the sheets on the bed, and then back up to her, knowing that if I was going to do it I had to be respectable. "I love you, Peyton. I think I've loved you for a long time, and just been too stubborn to admit it. I wanted -." She didn't let me finish. Her lips found mine and I felt her arms clenching to my shoulders.

Then she started to tremble, causing me to open my eyes and see what was happening. Peyton was crying. Tears streamed down her face and a pair of glossed over eyes stared back at me. I took my thumbs and wiped her cheeks. She turned away and then smiled. "I've waited so long for you to say that."

"I know, baby. Trust me, I know." I pulled her against my chest and held her tight as she continued to be emotional. My confession was bittersweet. Even though I knew it was important, I'd also turned a special moment into a tear-fest. She cried in my arms for the longest time, unable to say much of anything. Finally her sniffles became less, and she looked up to respond.

"I've been in love with you for as long as I can remember. I don't know how to not love you, Jamey. The harder I try to get you out of my head the more I need you to stay. I'm so confused about all of this. I know I shouldn't trust you, and that you'll probably end up breakin' my heart over and over again."

"I know you feel that way, but you don't know that for sure. What if I'm ready to be that guy you need? You won't know unless you try, right?"

She nodded, but I could tell she wasn't buying it. "I feel like I'm on this road that never ends. We keep drivin' it, but we never really get anywhere. Honestly, Jamey, I don't know whether to veer off and go a different direction, or refill my gas tank and force myself to keep goin'."

I took a deep breath and kissed the top of her head, taking in the scent of her shampoo as I did it. "I won't give up on us, even if you decide that's what you want to do. I promise to not bother you, but I will find a way to change your mind, no matter how long it takes. You're worth it."

Peyton sniffled again with her head still buried in my chest. Neither of us had paid much attention to not being clothed. We'd come to a point of comfort, where little things such as clothing no longer mattered. "I'm glad you're here." It was music to my ears.

"I love you, Peyton. It's not goin' to change."

We finally got back under the covers and held each other again. "Just stay the night, Jamey. We can talk in the mornin'." I could hear it in her voice that she was falling asleep, and honestly I was just as tired. Feeling content with being so close to her I closed my eyes and finally found rest.

It wasn't the sunshine coming in through the window that woke us up. It certainly wasn't the sound of birds singing out in the trees. It was having someone grab my ankles and rip me out of the bed. Peyton grabbed the sheet and began screaming as Shayne yanked me off the mattress. Luckily in the middle of the night we'd been smart enough to put our underwear back on, not that it made a good bit of difference. Shayne saw me in his sister's bed and he was out for blood. While Peyton screamed and begged her brother to stop, I tried to figure a way to flip us around so that I was the one throwing the punches on top of him.

In only a bra and panties, I watched her jump on Shayne's back trying to defend me. Knowing that her brother would never hurt her he finally backed off. I moved away from him and held up my hand to hold him off. "Just calm down. Let's be rational about this."

"Rational?" He yelled back. "I just caught you in bed with my sister. We've been through this shit before, Jamey. I told you to stay the hell away from her."

"She's a big girl who can decide what she wants for herself," I defended.

"You think she wants you? You're nothin' but a piece of shit. Do us all a favor and get the hell out of here. Leave my sister alone so she can move on."

Peyton was already in a nervous wreck. I could see her crying as she fought to get Shayne's attention. "Please stop it. I asked him to stay with me. This ain't his fault."

Shayne pointed at me. "Do you have any idea what you've put her through?"

I nodded. "Yeah, I do. I'm tryin' to fix things, man. I'm tryin' to make it right."

"Make it right?" He let out a obnoxious laugh. "There's no way to make this right. You two can't be together. It ain't happenin'."

"It's her decision, not yours." I could see the hate brewing in his eyes. If Peyton hadn't been holding his arms he would have pounced on me again. "Shayne, I love her, dude."

"You love her? You don't know the first damn thing about love."

"Stay out of this, Shayne!" Peyton came to my defense.

"Put some clothes on and leave us alone."

Peyton shook her head. "No. I'm not leavin' you two alone. Please don't fight, Shayne. You're makin' it worse for me."

"I'm helpin' you, Pey. This is for your own good. I won't let this joker drag you down anymore. How many times are you goin' to let him treat you like shit?"

"Fuck you." I'd had it. This was between me and Peyton.

Shayne came at me. We wrestled to the ground and I felt him getting the first blow in to my face. I aimed for his side and nailed him with my fist. We both tried to be the first recover, but Peyton had something else in mind. While screaming at both of us she jumped between our bodies. Her fear was apparent and I backed off immediately, holding my hands up as if I surrendered.

"I'll leave," I announced, after seeing how upset she'd become.

After grabbing my clothes, and making sure Shayne didn't follow me, I walked out onto the porch to get dressed. It wasn't like he was willing to let Peyton and I talk things out. Her family wasn't ever going to accept me, we both knew it.

Once I had my shorts back on I started walking away from the house. It wasn't until I was about a block away that I heard her screaming my name. "Jamey, wait up."

I stopped dead in my tracks and turned to see her running towards me. She jumped up into my arms wrapping her arms and legs around the back of me.

"What are you doin'?"

"I'm gettin' away from Shayne." That wasn't the answer that I wanted to hear from her.

She dropped down to stand in front of me and all I could do was smile. Peyton wasn't smacking me in the face or calling me names. She wanted to be around me, and last night we'd made love and held each other. It had to mean progress.

I felt happy when we walked into my brother's condo holding hands. It also felt nice to see people smiling at us envying our connection. I'd always considered it annoying, so it was all a new learning experience for me.

Joey, Lacey, Sky and Ford all looked at us like we had three heads. "Hey guys, do you mind if Peyton hangs out with us on the beach today?"

Ford took a bite of an apple and just shook his head, while my brother whispered something in Lacey's ear. Sky was the only person who had anything to say at all. "Sure. The more the merrier. How have you been, Pey?"

I left the girls to talk while I went to take a piss. After brushing my teeth I stepped out to find my brother and Ford standing there ready to hound me. "Where were you last night?" Ford has his arms crossed as he demanded an answer.

"I stayed with Peyton."

"Don't tell me Shayne was there. Is that what his call was about?"

"He called?" I wanted to know what he told them.

"I didn't answer. We knew you didn't come home, and we ran into them last night. It doesn't take a genius to figure out who you were with. I just don't get why you keep diggin' your grave deeper."

"Screw you both. It's different now. I told you, I want to be with Peyton. I'm done playin' games."

Joey laughed. "So you keep sayin'. I'll believe it when I see it."

"Yeah," Ford agreed.

"I don't care what either of you ass**les say about me. I'll prove you wrong. Just wait and see."

My brother chimed in again. "I just want to know how you convinced her to hang out with your ass."

"It's a long story, that's none of your damn business. She's here, and neither of you are goin' to say anything to piss her off. You got that?"

They both threw up their arms as if they were innocent.

"I'm serious. Peyton's here because she's fightin' with Shayne. She doesn't trust me right now. Hell, I don't know if she ever will again, but I at least have to try. A little support would be nice. I'm really tryin' to not f**k up this time."

Ford nudged my brother. "It would be good if you kept that little dick in your pants." They both laughed at my brother's comment.

"You can suck my little dick, both of you."

They kept laughing, so I walked out on the porch. They could joke all they wanted, and the girls could fill Peyton's head with nonsense. At the end of the day this was all between her and I. There was no way for me to know what was going through her head, or if she was just using me to get away from her brother. All I knew was that I was going to do my damndest to change her mind.

Chapter 21

Peyton

"So what happened?" Lacey asked as soon as the guys walked out of the room.

I played with the bracelet that was still on my wrist. "Where do I even begin?"

"We want details," Sky added.

"Jamey asked me to go to dinner, as a last date kind of thing. I was reluctant about agreein', but we all know that I find it hard to tell him no to anything. So I agreed, and at first it was perfect. He was a gentleman, and he gave me this bracelet, which you already knew about. Thanks for that by the way. It's beautiful."

"So then what happened?" Sky interrupted.

I shrugged. "I asked him about things I really didn't want to know. The date went downhill pretty fast after that." Just talking about it got me choked up again. "I'm sorry. I can't help but get emotional."

Lacey walked over and hugged me. "I know it hurts. You have to realize that it was a long time ago. Jamey's talked to us about all of this. I really don't see a reason for him to lie."

I shook my head. "I wish I could get past it, I do. Jamey means everything to me. No matter how hard I try I can't let him go."

"That's what love is. You're both so young. It takes a long time to learn how to forgive and move forward. You two are both going through your own kind of hell."

"I suppose."

"I've been cheated on, Peyton. It sucks big time. What you need to keep in mind is that it was never about you. Guys cheat because they need to feel empowered. Don't get me wrong, they are ass**les for doing it. I just think that Jamey saw Joey's old lifestyle and thought it was cool. He did it because in his eyes he didn't need to ever be serious with someone. I don't think he ever anticipated falling in love with you, but that's exactly what happened. Now he's a crazy mess. The problem is that this all falls on you. Whether or not you two work things out is all in your hands."

"I don't know what to do. Jamey's the only person I've ever loved. Even when I hate him, I still want to be close to him. It makes no sense."

Lacey and Sky looked at each other and shook their heads. After taking a sip of her coffee, it was Lacey who chimed in next. "Pey, how long have we been friends?"

I've known her for years. She'd dated my brother before she got with Joey. "A long time."

"Have I ever given you bad advice?"

"Of course not!" If anyone made me feel better it was Lacey. She was always just a phone call away. Her kind heart had gotten me through a bunch of dark times.

"It's none of my business, and you can certainly tell me to go to hell, but if I were you I'd try to figure things out with Jamey. You can't live your life in the past. If you're that distraught over losing him, then why put yourself through it?"

"What if he cheats again?" I was petrified of it.

"Peyton, you can't dwell on the past. You either have to forgive him, or let him go. It's as simple as that. Do you love him enough to let go?" Sky asked.

My hands were shaking so badly while I considered those options. It was so hard for me to make that kind of choice. I knew that no matter what I wanted, I'd always worry about Jamey straying again. While I fought with myself, two concerned friends awaited my reply. "I just don't know."

"Do yourself a favor then. Don't lead Jamey on while you're deciding. We all know he is the reason that everything is a mess. Perhaps he needs to be taught a lesson. If you ask me, he's punished himself for a long time already. Both of you need to be on the same page, and it sounds like right now you aren't at all."

She was being honest with me on purpose. I appreciated that Sky would tell it to me straight. Still I felt offended. I didn't want them to feel sorry for me, but I certainly didn't want them to feel sorry for the person I was still angry with. "Maybe I should go home."

"Sky didn't mean to upset you," Lacey reassured.

"It's not that. She's right, though. I need to stop this back and forth. It's been goin' on for too long. I can't keep at it. Somethin's got to give."

"Peyton, don't you dare leave without telling Jamey. He'll freak out and chase you down." Lacey was right. Jamey was determined to be with me, as if his presence was going to be the deciding factor in my choice.

"I'll talk to him."

When I left the kitchen I was more distraught than before. My mind was in a million places. I had so many people trying to tell me what I should do. The bottom line was that it was my choice.

I found Jamey standing outside. Ford and Joey saw me approaching and went back inside of the house. Jamey smiled as soon as he saw me. "Hey."

"We should probably talk," I addressed.

He looked out onto the beach. "I'm ready."

"You know I love you, Jamey, that's never been a secret."

"Yeah."

"This back and forth is killin' me. It's torture."

He finally turned to face me, leaning on the porch rails. "What are you gettin' at?"

"I need time. I need to be away from you to be able to wrap my head around all of this."

"Let me ask you this, Peyton. If Angie hadn't have said those things where would we be right now? Would you have started over with me like you wanted to?"

I shrugged. "I suppose. It's what I wanted the whole time."

He reached in his pocket and handed me his phone. "I get why you have to leave, but I want you to take this. If I have to earn back your trust I want you to be in control of findin' the truth. I didn't sleep with her when she said I did. I don't care what you have to do to find the truth."

"How do I know you haven't set this all up?" I wasn't born yesterday. People snuck around to save their asses all of the time.

"I'm tryin' here. It's the best I can do. I haven't seen that bitch or talked to her. I'll give you a copy of my phone calls from the past six months. How's that?"

I swallowed the lump in my throat, realizing how far he was willing to go to prove his cause. "I would like that."

"I get that I could have called her from another phone, but I'm tellin' you that I haven't. She cost me you. I want nothin' to do with that common whore. That's the truth, baby."

I wrapped my arms around him. It took him a second to respond. His arms held me tight. "No matter what happens between us, I will always love you, Jamey. Nothin' can change that." I pulled away and looked into his glossy brown eyes. "I have to go, because if I stay it solves nothin'. I don't trust you, and gettin' past that is what I'm strugglin' with. To be honest with you, I don't know if I'll ever be able to."

"I get it." He looked down at the ground. "I think you already know your answer, and you're just tryin' to get away from me without a struggle."

I couldn't answer him, because I truthfully didn't know. This was the easiest way.

"Call me when you are on your way home. I'll bring your phone back to you then, if that's okay?" I was beginning to feel dizzy with anxiety. It was important to make a quick exit.

"Sure. Keep it as long as you need to."

"Jamey, this doesn't mean that we're goin' to be together." I held up his phone. "I just need to get away from you so I can decide things on my own. I can't be around you and think," I reiterated.

He grabbed me when I started to pull out of his hold. "Wait. Don't go without kissin' me goodbye. I may never get another one." He didn't know how true his statement was.

I smiled, even though it was probably inappropriate. "What happens every single time we do goodbyes?" It was difficult not to tear up. Inside I was falling apart.

He laughed and shook his head. "It won't this time. I promise. One kiss is all I want."

I leaned forward, hoping for a chaste kiss. Instead I got a lot more than I wished for. His tongue was like poison to my soul, able to change my mind so quickly. Before I could reciprocate and get lost again, I pulled away and wiped off my lips.

"This is why I need to get away from you."

"You just kissed me like you wanted to stay."

"I kissed you goodbye."

I gave him a smile as I walked away trying to calm my breathing. He was too addictive to be around and think clearly. I needed distance.

My brother was displeased to see me. I saw him checking out behind me as I walked inside of the door. "I'm not here to fight with you."

"You could have fooled me when you pulled that shit earlier. Pey, what were you thinkin'?"

"I was thinkin' that I wanted to be happy for once." I crossed my arms and stood there by the front door, not willing to get any closer while he was still fuming.

"I'm only lookin' out for you. Jamey is bad news. I knew that when you first started datin' each other."

"I love him, Shayne. It's complicated."

"He doesn't love you. You know that, right?" His words were like daggers to my heart. I hated that he was so hell-bent on making up my mind for me. "He disrespects you."

"People can change. You of all people should know that."

He put up his hands. "I give up. It's like talkin' to the damn wall. You're never goin' to learn until he completely destroys you."

"It's my decision." I stood my ground.

Shayne got up and walked out of the room without saying anything directly to me. I could hear him talking under his breath, but didn't care much about whatever he was spewing.

While gathering my things I say goodbye to Ash and the twins. I could tell she felt sorry for me, but didn't want to piss off Shayne by telling me.

The short drive home gave me little time to rationalize. Where I should have driven to my empty house, I headed for the one person who would give me the best advice. Wayne was surprised to see me walk into the bookstore. He was sitting behind the counter with his head in a book. After marking his page, he sat it down and shot me a worried glare. "Aren't you supposed to be on the beach basking in the sun?"

"Yeah. That was the plan."

"So what happened?"

"Jamey. My brother. Drama."

Wayne snickered. "Why am I not surprised?"

"Because it's like my life is on repeat," I suggested.

"You know, you could change that if you wanted to?"

"Wayne, I need your advice. I'm so confused."

He walked toward me and wrapped his arms around me. "First things first."

I smiled knowing that he cared about my sanity. "I needed that," I said as he pulled away.

He led me over to a round table and we sat down across from each other. "It's been quiet in here all day, so give it to me straight. What happened?"

I sat there for the next hour explaining every detail of what had transpired at the beach. Wayne listened patiently, without interrupting. When I finished I sat there waiting for him to give it to me straight. "What a mess."

"I know," I admitted sadly.

"Peyton, I could give you advice, and tell you what I think you should do, but the question here is what do you want?"

"I want to feel free, like nothing is bein' hidden from me. I want to be happy."

"Does Jamey make you happy?"

"Yes, but he also makes me hurt. He scares me."

"I hate to break it to you, but this decision is yours to make, Peyton. You're either going to take the risk or learn how to let it go."

"If you found out your wife had cheated on you, what would you have done?"

Wayne looked down at his hands. I could tell it was a hard question for him to answer, as anything about his late wife was. "She and I talked about this once when she was sick. She kept telling me to go out and find someone to keep me occupied so I wouldn't dwell on her being so sick. Of course I couldn't do it. Anyway, I'll tell you exactly like I told it to her. My love for her was too strong to let go of. We're human, and it's in our nature to make mistakes. If she loved only me and wanted us to work I would have forgiven her, because I'd rather know she was still mine, then lose everything we had."

It was shocking. "Really? You'd be able to get past it?"

"I would never forget it happened, and I'd always be cautious of what she was involved in, but I would forgive her. My situation is much different than yours, Peyton, and I realize some people find cheating as an endgame."

I stood up from the table and looked directly at Wayne. "I need to go."

He stood up. "Wait? Are you okay?"

"Yeah. There's just somethin' that I need to do. I'll call you tonight. We can have dinner or somethin'."

Wayne waved to me as I ran out the door, not really explaining what had come over me. I must have seemed like lunatic to him, not that I cared. I had an idea and I prayed that it was going to work.

Once I got back to my house in the comfort of the bedroom, I sat down on my mattress and pulled Jamey's phone out of my purse. I scrolled through the names of females, feeling instantly nauseous how many he had, finally coming to Angie's number. The text was to the point.

What's up, sexy? - Jamey

She responded immediately.

I didn't think I ever hear from you again. What's wrong? Did blondie finally give up? - Ang

I cringed reading her message, but jumped to respond back.

That bitch is crazy. You were right. - Jamey

I guess you want to hook up? - Ang

There was a few seconds where I wanted to throw the phone against the wall.

I was just thinking about the last time we were together. I dreamed about it last night. - Jamey

Wow you remember that? It was so long ago. - Ang

Has it really been that long? I guess time flies when you're having fun. - Jamey

It's been over a year. I still have that shirt you gave me from the concert we all went to. It has the date on it. - Ang

I was shaking so badly, partly because she was talking about being on a date with him, but mostly because she was admitting they'd never been together in recent months. Jamey had been telling me the truth the whole time.

You shouldn't have lied to Peyton like you did. I would have dumped her anyway. _ Jamey

I was doing you a favor. We both know you don't do relationships. - Ang

Ang, that's where you're wrong. I love Peyton. Thanks for giving me the proof I needed to get her back. - Jamey

I didn't want her knowing it was me. After watching four messages come through, that I ignored responding to, I put his phone back in my purse and began to sob. I'd gone through hell because of that stupid bitch. Sure, he'd cheated, but his honesty had been a breaking point for us. Wayne had been right. I could spend my whole life miserable, or be with the man I loved.

I had a lot to do to make things right. The first call was to my brother.

"Did you make it home safe?"

"Yeah, listen, I'm goin' to be with Jamey whether you like it or not. I hope that in time you can get past your feelin's and get along, for me."

"Are you serious?"

"Yes, I am. Shayne, I don't expect you to ever understand, but you can at least be supportive of my decision."

"Supportive? That son-of-a-bitch just showed up and started with me again. I will never support you bein' with him, that's why I called the f**kin' cops. Your boy just got taken away in handcuffs, and I'm guessin' since he's still on probation that his ass ain't gettin' out anytime soon."

I was in shock. He couldn't have gone there with intent to stir up something with my brother. He had to have been mistaken. "Please tell me you're jokin'."

"Do I sound like I'm jokin'? That little bastard ain't comin' on my porch disrespectin' me. I let him get one punch in before I called the authorities. For the last time, Peyton, stay away from him. He's bad news."

I hung up the phone before I could come up with something to say. It made no sense at all that Jamey would have gone and done that.

Before I had time to think about what I was doing, I'd gotten back in my car and started driving to the beach.

I had to fix this.

Chapter 22

Jamey

About an hour after Peyton left me standing on my front porch I decided that if I wanted another chance at being with her I had to make amends with Shayne. He and I hadn't seen eye to eye ever, so I was aware of the challenge it would be to convince him that I'd changed.

From the moment I arrived at his door all hell had broken loose. Shayne came at me, armed with a damn baseball bat. He backed me up off of the porch while screaming. "Get the f**k out of here!"

I put my hands up signaling that I didn't want any trouble. He needed to know that I wasn't there to piss him off. "Shayne wait. I just want to talk."

"Bullshit! There's nothin' you can say to me that I haven't already heard. I told you to stay away from my sister, but you didn't listen. Now she's all f**ked up again. Why can't you learn to leave things alone? Hasn't she been hurt enough?"

"I'm not tryin' to hurt her. I'm tryin' to make things right."

He pointed the bat at me. "Get off my property or I'll call the cops and tell them you're harassin' us."

"I'm not harassin' shit. If anyone's bein' ridiculous it's you."

That's all he needed to fuel his motivation. He came at me, dropping the bat just moments before I could push him away. I supposed I should have backed up and claimed some kind of self defense. In the heat of the moment I wasn't thinking rationally. I came there for a talk, and now we were rolling around on the front lawn, getting in as many punches to each other as we could.

A neighbor that probably had been outside for the whole ordeal ran over and got between us. Once we were pulled away from each other, I sat back and listened to Shayne spinning the whole story around to make it like I'd come there to attack him. The next thing I knew the cops were pulling up, putting me in handcuffs and shoving me into the back of their car. It was like history repeating itself.

After being processed I sat in a cell waiting for my brother to show up to get me out. Unfortunately I discovered that I had to wait until the next morning for my arraignment. In the meantime I was stuck without a way to contact Peyton and let her know that I hadn't done what Shayne was obviously going to tell her I had.

That's why it came to be a great surprise when I was visited by the person who had got me locked up in the first place.

With only a thick amount of glass separating us, I picked up the phone while never taking my eyes off of him. "Are you happy now?"

"That depends." We both knew he was holding all the cards.

"On what?"

"How you want to handle this. You see, Jamey, I want you out of my sister's life, and I'm willin' to protect her however I can. Since she can't seem to stay away from you on her own, it's up to me to make it happen. Now you have two choices. You can either agree to push her away, and leave her alone, or you can stay locked up and pray that they don't make you serve more time."

"You're f**kin' blackmailin' me? You've got to be kiddin'. I knew you were an ass**le, but this is bullshit!"

"I don't' care what you think. My family has had enough problems. All you've done is bring my sister down. I'm tired of seein' her hurt. I'm doin' what needs to be done."

"This will destroy her."

"No, you're doin' a fine job of that on your own. This will save her."

"You're insane." He wasn't going to dictate my choices.

"That's an opinion. Make a decision so I don't have to look at your face any longer."

"You want me to choose between my freedom and your sister? That's f**ked up." I couldn't make that decision.

"How will your family feel when they find out you're goin' back to jail? How about your mother? Will she still support you, let you live in her house, and work at the diner?"

"I don't care about any of that right now. I care about your sister. I won't hurt her."

"Either way you're goin' to lose her, Jamey. Face it, you're out of options."

"Fuck you."

"So you pick jail?" He started to get up with a smile on his face.

I waited until he was about to hang up the phone before stopping him. "Wait." This was killing me inside. "I need time to think about it."

"I won't make my statement until tomorrow mornin'. That should give you time to make your decision."

"You're a piece of shit, you know that?"

He smiled. "It takes one to know one."

I watched as he hung up the phone and walked away. Immediately I was taken back to my holding cell.

No sooner did I get back when they came and got me again. This time the person waiting for me was my brother. I picked up the phone, first listening to him scream at me, and then finally settling down to hear me out. I proceeded to explain everything that had taken place between us. By the time I was done my brother looked more pissed than me. He wiped his face with his hands while he considered what to advise me to do. "Bro this ain't about just you and Peyton anymore. Our families are connected. If there is drama with the two of you it trickles down. You know how pissed our aunt and uncle get."

"Man, now you? I need support."

"Jamey, we all like Peyton. It's obvious you're crazy about her, but enough is enough. You need a break at least. My advice to you is that you take Shayne up on his deal. Let him drop the charges and get you out of this dump. You can let Peyton down easy, then after some time you can convince her that you were wrong."

"Do you have any idea what you're askin' me to do?"

My brother looked at me and shook his head. I could see that he sympathized with my situation. "Yeah. I do. I don't know what else to tell you. This is ugly, and it ain't goin' to get any better with you bein' locked up."

"I can't hurt her again."

"Jamey, as your brother I'm tellin' you to make a wise choice. In the long run it will all work out. Besides, you two can use the time apart to figure out if bein' together is even what you both want."

"Don't try to make me feel better. Nothin's goin' to help me."

"I'm sorry, bro. You want me to talk to Shayne?"

"Hell no. You two have had enough beef. I sure as hell don't want you in here with me. Things have been mellow between you, and I know Lacey appreciates it. I'll figure it out."

My brother stayed only to assure me that he'd have my back with whatever decision I made. I knew what had to be done, but going through with it wasn't going to be easy.

Shayne must have returned the next morning, because I was sent on my way a little after nine. I didn't bother calling Joey to come pick me up, because someone was already there waiting for me to come outside.

Even though I could tell she'd spent most of the night crying, from the swelling underneath her eyes, she still looked beautiful. Her arms were around me before I could prevent it. She felt so good close to me, but I knew it couldn't last. Her ass**le brother was probably around the corner watching us. "I'm sorry, Pey."

"What happened? Shayne said you attacked him."

I opened my mouth to argue, but knew this would give me the opportunity to break things off with her mad at me. It was better this way. "He's right. I did. I went there to give him a piece of my mind. I'm sick of his shit."

"Jamey, why?" She backed away from me. "Why would you cause more drama?"

I smiled, pretending that it made me happy to mess things up. "You were right all along, Peyton. I can't change."

"What? Why are you sayin' that?" I watched the expression on her face change from angry to painful. "We can be together now, Jamey. I forgive you. Don't talk like that."

"I'm sayin' it because it's true. I'm never goin' to change, and the sooner you realize that the sooner we can stop playin' this game. It's not fair to you."

She shook her head. "No. I don't believe that. I know you didn't sleep with Angie." She pulled my phone out of her purse. "I text her pretendin' to be you. She admitted you were never together on that day she claimed."

I couldn't let her forgive me. She had to be angry. It was the only way to ensure she wouldn't keep trying. "I saw her last week and told her you'd be callin'. I gave her a password, so she'd be able to tell the difference between me and you."

She began to sob heavily. "You're lyin'."

"No, I'm not." Waves of anguish washed over me as I lied to the only woman I'd ever loved. This was torture that even I didn't deserve. She was being crushed and I knew I couldn't comfort her. This was sealing our fate forever. Shayne was getting what he wanted, and I was losing everything. "Look, baby, I'm sorry. I thought I could make it work, but it's not possible. We both need to go our separate ways."

Peyton turned and ran away without saying anything more. Realizing that I'd just ruined my life, I started to run after her. I watched her pulling away from the curb as she rolled down the window and tossed out her bracelet on the street.

I picked it up and stared down at it. This was what it felt like to hit rock bottom, to be completely alone without hope.

Maybe I deserved this ending.

Maybe Peyton was too good for me.

I would never know the answer, because I'd been pushed into a decision that would ruin me forever. I had to let her go.

Chapter 23

Peyton

How was it possible that this was happening to me again?

I'd fought so hard for answers to find a way to forgive Jamey for what he'd put me through. He'd done so much to prove to me that he'd changed, and now he'd just thrown me away as if I never meant anything at all.

I was so distraught that I had to pull off the road to calm down. I picked up my phone and sent Jamey a message to try to figure out what was going on, because none of it made sense.

Talk to me. - Peyton

Jamey, please answer me. - Peyton

Don't do this. - Peyton

My messages were left unanswered. II had no clue what was going on. The last time I'd seen Jamey he was doing everything he could to get back together. Now, just a day later, he was pushing me away. None of it made sense, and I was too devastated to figure it out.

When my phone rang I thought it was Jamey, so I picked it up on the first ring.

"Hey. What are you up to? I was just thinking about you and wanted to make sure you were okay." Wayne's voice was not who I wanted to hear. My instant sobs let him know that I was far from okay.

"Peyton, talk to me. What happened?"

"Jamey got arrested for fightin' with my brother. Now all of a sudden he wants nothin' to do with me. He pushed me away, Wayne. I don't know what to do."

"Where are you?"

"In my car."

"You need to calm down. You can't be driving around in that condition. Peyton, you've got to get yourself together."

"I can't think straight. It's all happenin' so fast. I thought we were goin' to start over. Why doesn't he want me anymore? What did I do to deserve this, Wayne?"

"Peyton, can you make it here, or do you need me to come and get you. Abigail and I can drive as far as we need to."

I shook my head, even though he couldn't see me. "No. I can make it."

"Hang up the phone and keep your focus on the road. We'll figure this out. I promise. If you need to pull over to gather yourself just call and let me know. I'm worried about you."

"I'll be there soon." I hung up the phone and immediately started bawling again. No matter how I tried to calm down it wasn't happening. Jamey had destroyed me, and I just didn't understand why.

By the time I pulled up at Wayne's house he was outside on his porch waiting for me. He ran to the car before I could even get out. The moment his arms wrapped around me I collapsed. Wayne wasn't a big guy, but he managed to pick me up and carry me inside. He sat me down on his bed and left the room, only to come back with a glass of water and a pill. "Take this. It will make you feel better."

I sat and took the glass in my hand. "What is it?"

"It's a Xanax. The doctor gives them too me for anxiety. Trust me, you need it."

"I don't want to be a zombie."

"Silly woman, it won't knock you out. It will just help you to relax. Now if you add a few glasses of wine with it, well that's a different story." He winked and waited for me to take the medication.

"Thanks," I said after I'd swallowed.

"I hate seeing you like this, Peyton. You've got a lot going for you. You've got your classes, and a big family that loves you. Plus you have me and Abigail. I know you feel like you're alone, but you're not."

I wiped my tears away with a tissue and looked up at him. His comfort meant the world. "Thanks, Wayne. You're always here for me. I'll never be able to make it up to you."

"Being my friend is good enough." He picked up the box of tissues and grabbed me some more. "Why don't you go get a bath. There's shirts and shorts in my third drawer down. Abigail and I were just about to make ice cream sundaes, so once you're done come out and eat them with us, okay?"

I grabbed his hand before he could walk out of the room. "How did I get so lucky to find you, Wayne?"

"I was the lucky one," he replied.

It took me a while to get up and head into the bathroom. The last thing I wanted to do was take care of myself. My whole world was turned upside down. I wanted to go to sleep for a month so that I didn't have to feel the pain of it all.

Soaking in the hot water didn't help at first, well not until the medication kicked in. Then I just felt calmer. It wasn't like it stopped me from feeling, or crying. I could have filled the tub with all the tears I had left inside of me.

When I climbed out of the tub and headed back into the bedroom to get dressed I sat down on the bed wrapped in a towel, grabbed my phone out of my purse and dialed Jamey's number. I just wanted him to explain to me what had happened for him to not want to be with me.

"This is Jamey, leave me a message."

I waited for the tone and tried my best not to cry as I spoke. "It's me. I don't know what's goin' on. Last night you told me you loved me. I felt it. I know you weren't lyin'. I just don't understand what's goin' on. What did I do to make you push me away? Did I say something that pissed you off? Is it because I -." The phone disconnected before I could finish. I tossed it back into my purse and buried my face into a pillow. It wasn't like he ever listened to his messages. He told me one time that he only set it up so that people wouldn't keep calling.

After getting myself together enough to stand up, I walked over to the full-length mirror and let the towel drop. There had to be something about me that turned Jamey off. If it wasn't my personality, or the way I acted, then maybe he didn't find me attractive.

The sound of the door opening made me reached down and cover myself back up. Wayne stood there in front of me. "Sorry. I was just checking on you."

I don't know what made me do it. I'd like to have blamed it on the pill he gave me, but I knew it had nothing to do with my actions. I let the towel drop, revealing my fully naked body to Wayne. I watched him take a deep breath and let his eyes wander. I took a step forward and reached for his hand. When he didn't pull away I got even closer. While on my tippy toes, I reached up and kissed him on the lips. Wayne leaned against the door and fastened the latch before turning around. He pressed me onto it and picked me up in his arms. Our lips clashed together almost violently, like he'd gone too long and couldn't control his sexual desires. I tugged on his t-shirt and easily lifted it over his head. Our mouths met again sending us in a whirlwind of kissing. I needed to feel wanted, and Wayne just longed for some kind of release. Within minutes he'd spun us around and tossed me down onto his bed. I could feel his stiff erection pressing into me as he began kissing my neck and moving downward. I reached to unfasten the buckle of his jeans and all of a sudden he froze. He looked up at me with petrified eyes and then quickly climbed off the bed. By the time I sat up he was already putting his shirt back on. "Peyton, I'm sorry. I can't, we can't do this."

I covered my face with my hands. "I know. I'm so sorry. I don't know what's come over me."

He sat down on the bed next to me and handed me the sheet to cover up with. "You're in a real bad place. You've just been traumatized by your ex, and it's only natural for you to seek out some kind of attention. I'm not mad at you."

I reached for his hand, but he pulled away. It made my lips begin to tremble. "Oh God, please tell me that you don't hate me now too."

He laughed and shook his head. "Of course I don't hate you. It's just that I can't do that, not with you or anyone else. It still feels like I'm cheating, and I couldn't live with that. Peyton, I told you before how special you were to me, but we can't be anything more than friends. I love you, but it's not the way you need to be loved. Be honest with yourself, is it me that you want to be with, or Jamey?"

I let my head fall against his arm. "You're right. Wayne, I'm sorry. I'd never use you. What is wrong with me?"

He looked over at me and wiped the tears off of my cheeks. "You are coping. You've got every right to be irrational. I won't tell anyone."

"Thanks. I wouldn't want it getting out that I stripped down to nothin' and still got rejected." We both started to laugh. My head was pounding, and I knew I had to calm myself down. "You're a Godsend."

He finally grabbed my hand. "Our friendship is important to both of us, Peyton. Get dressed and come out for some ice cream. Abigail probably ate all the sprinkles by now."

I watched him stand up and head toward the door. "Wayne?"

"Yeah?" He turned to look at me.

"Will you sleep with me tonight, like we did before? I just don't want to be alone."

He smiled again. "As long as you don't snore like the last time."

I let out a little laugh as he exited the room. He'd gotten me to do it and I was appreciative. For a moment I forgot about my problems. I needed to teach myself how to do that if I was going to be able to get through this disaster in one piece. I had to put on my big girl panties and figure out how to get over Jamey.

When it was time for bed I cuddled up next to Wayne. Though I felt awkward about what had happened between us earlier, being close to him still made me feel safe. "You can stay here as along as you want, Peyton," Wayne whispered.

"I don't want Abigail to get the wrong idea."

"She knows we're friends. She asks me almost every day."

I turned to face him. "She asked me before too."

"Yeah, she's curious. It's only natural. I like to think that you being around is good for her. Plus she likes your southern accent. She wants to know why I can't talk to like you do."

I giggled. "I don't have an accent."

"Yes you do. It's cute."

I got quiet for a moment. There was a time when Jamey used to call me cute. It hurt to think about him in anyway, and I couldn't help myself. "Do you think I'll ever be able to get over him?"

"Yeah. It may take time, but you're going to do it."

"I appreciate the optimism, especially when I feel like it's impossible."

"Try to get some sleep. I promise it will help. If anyone knows how to deal with a broken heart it's me. I think about her everyday, Peyton, but I keep going, because I know I have to. You'll figure out a way to do the same."

"What if I don't want to?"

Wayne pulled me closer and kissed the top of my head. "You're strength is empowering. If you don't want to give up I imagine you'll find a way to get what you want."

When I closed my eyes I didn't think about what I'd lost. I thought of ways to get it all back.

Chapter 24

Jamey

"That's enough rum, Jamey. The bartender is about ready to ask us to leave." Joey wasn't in charge of my alcohol consumption. I had everything under control.

"One more shot!" I went to push the stacked shot glasses toward the bartender and they all went crashing behind the counter. I could hear them shattering as they hit the floor.

"All right. That's enough. Get this guy out of here." The middle aged man was not to happy with me.

"Come on. It was an accident."

I felt my body being pulled off of the seat. Ford had one arm while Joey had the other. I tried to fight them off, but both were bigger in stature than me. "I'm not goin' to let you ruin this night for me." I looked over at Ford confused.

"What are you talkin' about?"

"We didn't want to tell you, since you and Peyton broke up," Joey explained.

"Tell me what?"

"Ford and Sky set a date. We were comin' out tonight to celebrate." I took my eyes off of my brother and looked at my cousin. I suppose I should have been happy for him and Sky. They were happy, and the best of friends. I'd given up my happiness, and my very best friend. I reached down the bar and grabbed someone else's drink, holding it up in the air. "Here's to your f**kin' happiness. Hopefully she doesn't have a brother that takes everything you love and turns it to shit!" I down the concoction without even looking to see what it was.

The next thing I knew I was being dragged out of the establishment. Joey tossed me down on the curb. "You need to get yourself together."

"Fuck you. This is the new me. Take it or leave it."

"Look, I don't know what happened to you today, but you need to chill the f**k out." He had me by my shirt, and all I could do was laugh. It pissed him off even more, so much so that he tossed me back down on the concrete and walked back inside of the bar.

I sat back up and looked around at the empty street. I'd been drinking since lunch time and had no idea what time it was now. I didn't even care. Nothing mattered to me, because I'd done everything in my power to win back my girl only to lose her again for something that I had no control of.

She was out there somewhere hurting and I knew that I was to blame. Forget about my dignity or pride. I didn't care who saw me acting like a little bitch. I had nothing left to lose. Shayne had stripped me of it all.

He had to pay.

I pulled my cell phone out of my pocket and dialed her number. She needed to know what her brother was up to, and what he'd done to keep us apart. I couldn't lose her like this. She was worth going to jail over. I'd made a mistake.

It rang four times before her voicemail picked up.

"You've reached, Peyton. Leave me a message and I'll call you right back."

"Pey, baby it's me. I need to tell you a secret. You're brother, Shayne, is a douche. He's like a f**kin' cock suckin' prick. Are you there?" I looked at my phone and saw that it had turned off from a low battery. I was so pissed about it that I tossed it across the street and watched it shatter into pieces.

I looked behind me to make sure that my brother wasn't watching my back. When I knew he'd left me all alone I got up and started walking back to our place. On the way I made a pit stop at Peyton's beach house. Shayne's car was parked in the driveway, so I took it upon myself to piss on his tires. He'd probably never know the difference, but I'd never forget it. Then as I was walking away I felt it necessary to let the whole world know how much of a prick he was. The only problem with that was the person sitting on the front porch. I wasn't sure who it was until she stood up. I started to walk down the street, but she kept following me. After passing two more houses she caught up. I turned to see how close she was and she shoved me to the ground. "Jamey, what do you think you're doin'?"

"Ash, this doesn't concern you. Just go back to your dickhead husband and mind your business."

"Are you kiddin' me? You're drunk and you just pissed on my car. I should call the cops again."

I grabbed her by the arms abruptly. "Please don't I lost Peyton because of it."

"What are you talkin' about?"

"It was Shayne. He told me he'd drop the charges if I broke up with Peyton for good. He said if I didn't then he'd make sure I got locked up again. I should have picked Peyton and just done more time. I know that now. I made the wrong choice, Ash, and now she's gone."

Ashley looked behind her to make sure nobody was looking at us. To be honest I think it was late, because everyone's lights were turned off in their houses. "You're tellin' me that my husband blackmailed you into breaking up with Peyton?"

"Yes."

I watched her silently freaking out. "Listen, Jamey, you need to understand that He's just worried about his sister. We were there when you broke her heart over and over again. I'm sorry that he made you do that, but it's not too late. Peyton's a grown woman. She can make her own choices, and I know how much she loves you. I'll talk to Shayne. I'm not makin' any promises, but I'll try to get him to back off of you."

She couldn't begin to understand what was going on. "Ash, you don't get it. Peyton and me are through. I told her I lied and cheated so that she'd never want to talk to me again."

"You what? Is she okay?" I watched the mother in her coming out. She cared about Peyton, and I'd made her upset.

I sat down on the curb when it started to feel like I was spinning. My life was out of control. "I don't know."

Ashley kicked me in the shin. "Boy, I ought to kick your little ass. How could you do that to her?"

The better question was how could she marry such a loser. "Maybe if you'd kept a leash on your douche of a husband I wouldn't have had to do anything."

She paced around in the street. "I need to call her. She must be a mess. I wonder if she went to Wayne's house."

Hearing his name pissed me off. Peyton said they were just friends, but at this point any other man was a threat to me. She was beautiful and kind. It was only a matter of time before he saw that and took full advantage of her vulnerability. "Wayne? You think she'd run right to him?"

"After what you did to her there's no tellin' where she's run off to. I can promise you this, if she's hurt herself in anyway I'm holdin' you and Shayne personally responsible. That girl's been nothin' but good to both of you."

She'd been too good to me. She's loved me and forgiven me when I didn't deserve it.

I stood up and tried to calm her down. "Ash, I love her. I love her so much it's killin' me inside. I f**ked up again and again, and I have no idea how to make it right."

She looked me right in the eyes. "Go home, sleep off the alcohol, and make things right in the mornin'. I will deal with my husband."

"You goin' to divorce him?" I hoped she was.

"Of course not. I might feel like kickin' his ass, but you don't give up on the people you love, especially not after all we've been through. If anyone can get through to him it's me. I'm sorry this happened to you, but you're the only person who can make it right. Go home, Jamey, before my neighbors call the cops again."

I walked the rest of the way home in silence. Getting drunk and fighting with my brother had led me to talk to Ashley. Maybe it wasn't such a bad idea after all. Now I just had to convince Peyton to forgive me for the hundredth time.

Chapter 25

Peyton

I woke up only when I felt the bed moving. Wayne had climbed out and headed for the bathroom. The clock read eight, so I pulled a pillow over my head and closed my eyes. My head was still pounding and I knew it was a result of all the crying I'd been doing. Honestly, I was tired of feeling this way. I wanted to be strong and independent. My time of dwelling on what I couldn't have needed to end.

Wayne started a shower and closed the bathroom door. Since I knew he wouldn't want me doing it, I pulled out my phone and peeked while I knew he was indisposed.

There was a missed call from Jamey. I don't know why it got me excited, because he could have very well called to tell me to stop leaving him messages. I called the voicemail to see if my waiting message was from him.

"Pey, baby it's me. I need to tell you a secret. You're brother, Shayne, is a douche. He's like a f**kin' cock suckin'-." The message cut off.

I looked down at my phone wondering why in the hell he'd call me to cut down my brother like that. It was obvious that they'd gotten into a fight, but after hurting me so terribly he'd think it was okay to belittle my family on a message? It made me so angry.

When I heard Wayne coming out of the bathroom I turned off my phone and put it back in my purse. He walked out in a towel with his chest bare. Wayne was an attractive man, his light hair and honest eyes always made me feel safe. "Good morning. Do you feel any better?"

I reached up and touched my swollen eyes. "My head is killin' me from all this cryin', and I probably shouldn't tell you this but I got this message from Jamey on my phone last night where he called my brother a few choice names and then hung up. Now I'm more pissed off at myself for being stupid enough to sleep with him again in the first place."

"You didn't mention that you slept with Jamey." I'd neglected to share every detail of what had transpired between us. There were just some things that I didn't like talking to Wayne about. The last thing I needed was for him to think I was becoming a whore. I'd already been called that in high school, and vowed to never be that person again.

"It was a small detail that I left out. It's not like I planned it."

"You know what I think?"

I climbed out of bed and headed toward the bathroom. "What?" I was fully prepared for a lecture. Sometimes Wayne was as bad as my own mother, except I could avoid seeing her much easier.

"I think your brother might have said something to Jamey yesterday. Think about it. He was set on doing whatever it took to get back together, and then after fighting with your brother he changed his mind, telling you it was all some kind of mistake. Unless your boyfriend has a mental illness like bi-polar disorder I'd say that someone was forcing his hand."

What Wayne was saying made sense. It would explain why Jamey was all over the place, and also why he'd pushed me away so abruptly at the police station. "It's possible. My brother had him locked up before for drinking. It caused a lot of problems."

"That's when we became friends. I remember you telling me about it. Do you think your brother is capable of doing something so severe to protect you?"

"I suppose. He hates Jamey so much. I wouldn't put it past him."

"Peyton, you need to get to the bottom of this. If your brother did this to you than you still have a chance to work things out. As your friend, who doesn't want to see you suffering, I'd suggest you get this all figured out, sooner than later."

I sank down on the mattress. "God, you're right. What am I goin' to do? How will I know?"

"I'd call that boyfriend of yours for starters. He'd probably come clean before your brother. I've got a feeling that if this is all true Shayne isn't going to broadcast that he was the reason for your pain."

I'd been angry at Shayne a million times in my life, but for him to mess around with my relationship was beyond wrong. I picked my phone back out of my purse and dialed someone who I could talk to about our brother.

"Hey, sis. How's it goin' in Farmville?"

"It blows. Listen, I'm callin' because I need your advice."

"What have you gotten yourself into now?"

Leave it to my twin to assume I was in some kind of trouble. "I haven't done anything. It's Shayne."

"What did he do? Did he cheat on his wife? Did she cheat on him?"

"Jesus, will you shut up and listen to me? It's nothin' like that."

The line got quiet. "Is somethin' wrong? Tell me, Pey. I can hear it in your voice. Are you okay?"

"Not really. I think Shayne my have sabotaged my relationship with Jamey. It's a long story, but I wanted your advice on how I should handle it if it's true. I live with him for Christ sakes. How can I look at him and not want to kill him in his sleep?"

My brother burst into laughter. "You're not goin' to kill him. Don't even say that. If you're that pissed you can always move back in with mom and dad."

"That will never happen."

"Then make amends with your boyfriend. Just know that if I find out he's cheatin' I'm going to have his balls removed with a steak knife." I cringed just thinking about it.

"I'll deal with Shayne in my own way."

"Let me know if you want to come visit. My girlfriend wants to get to know the family more. It makes me nervous knowin' what Shayne has over my head. She can't know about the twins, Pey."

"Parker, I don't have time to discuss this. I'll call you back when I get things figured out. Don't worry about your girlfriend. I'll come to visit as soon as I can."

"Love you, sis."

"Yeah, I love you too."

Wayne handed me a cup of coffee when I walked out into the kitchen. I could tell he was waiting to hear about anything new I'd learned. "No new news yet. I'm trying to conjure up the courage to call Jamey. It's hard to know what to expect."

"You won't know until you try."

I pulled out my phone and dialed his number while Wayne watched like a hawk. After four rings it went straight to voicemail. I dialed again, getting the same result. "I don't understand why he won't answer. Jamey wouldn't listen to my brother."

Abigail came running in, making me spill my coffee down the front of Wayne's t-shirt. "Shit."

"I'll clean it up. Go change so I can throw that in the washer with the load that just started."

"You're such a homemaker," I teased.

"I'm a jack of all trades. Be jealous." We both laughed for a moment, and I appreciated even the smallest of happy moments.

I headed into the bedroom to change my shirt and heard Wayne come in behind me. "Do you want us to go with you?"

I shook my head. "No. I need to handle this on my own. I've already burdened you enough."

"We're here if you need us."

I hugged Wayne, knowing that without him I'd be a mess. "I know. It's what is keeping me calm. I'm just goin' to -." Waves of nausea hit me all at once. I ran into the bathroom just in time to vomit in the toilet.

When I was finished I walked over to the sink to rinse out my mouth. Wayne handed me a washrag. He had a frown on his face. "Has that ever happened before?"

"What? Have I ever thrown up? Of course. It happens."

"You're missing the big picture. Peyton, is there a chance you could be pregnant?"

I shook my head. "No way!"

"Well are you on birth control?"

"Come on, Wayne. It's just a little puke." He was freaking me the hell out. I had enough problems. The last thing I needed was to turn up pregnant. "You gave me that pill last night on an empty stomach. I'm sure it was that. Besides, Jamey and I have had unprotected sex on and off for two years. I've never missed a period."

"So you didn't miss any lately then?"

I looked away and tried to think of what the date was. I'd started school, and been dealing with so many things in my life. Between Wayne and Abigail, homework, and my feelings for Jamey I'd been preoccupied. He chased me out of the bathroom. I pulled a calendar up on my phone and sat down on the bed. "Oh, God. This can't be happenin' to me. It's got to be stress. I read somewhere that some women don't get a period when they are stressed out."

Wayne went right into dad mode. He grabbed his keys and headed for the front door. "I'll be right back. If you're pregnant you're goin' to need to see a doctor. I'm going to the drugstore around the corner. Keep an eye on Abigail for a minute."

"Wayne, seriously, I'm not pregnant."

"I'll be right back."

I waited until he left to start freaking out. Not only was I single and alone, but Jamey had made it clear we were through. I knew a pregnancy would only make him hate me more.

I didn't know what to do. I'd certainly never been one to consider abortion.

When Wayne got back I'd thrown up again. Convinced that it was just my nerves, I was contemplating refusing to take the test, on account of his idea being ridiculous. One look into his concerned eyes let me know that he wasn't going to leave me be until I proved him wrong.

I took the first stick in the bathroom and peed on it. Since I was sure it would be negative, I left it alone on the counter and walked away. Not even two minutes later Wayne was holding the stick. "I think you need to sit down."

"Stop messin' around. Just admit you wasted your money." If this was his way of making a joke I wasn't finding it funny.

"Peyton, there's no easy way to tell you this. "You're pregnant."

I walked up and grabbed the stick, glancing at it for only a second before my legs gave out on me. "This can't be happenin'. My whole life is a mess. This can't be true. I'm in no condition to be a mother, Wayne. What am I goin' to do?"

"It's important that you try to remain calm. It's not good for the baby. I feel like shit for giving you that pill last night. You're going to have to tell the doctor that when you go in. I've read a ton of books on pregnancy and hopefully your still early enough along that it won't affect anything."

His words were becoming muffled. I felt dizzy, like I was going to pass out. "Stop. Please stop."

Wayne sat down by my side. He put his hand on my knee. "What can I do, Peyton?"

"Get me my phone. I need to make a call." I was going to have to make a lot of calls with this kind of news. Dialing my brother's number wasn't the hard part. It was hearing him answer.

"Where are you, Pey?"

"Did you send Jamey away, Shayne?" I was already getting emotional. "Did you make him break up with me?"

"No. Where are you? You better not be with him."

I don't know how I could tell, but I knew he was lying to me. "How could you?"

"I don't know what you're talkin' about."

"Let me just tell you that you've pretty much ruined my life. You may think Jamey's bad for me. You can hate him forever, but that doesn't give you the right to break us up. I love him, Shayne. You know firsthand what's that's like. How dare you mess with my life." I was so angry. He's betrayed me more than Jamey cheating. My own flesh and blood had interfered in my life, and whether he admitted it or not, I knew it was true.

"I'm movin' out, Shayne. I'll be gone before you get home." I started to hang up the phone when I heard him talking.

"I did what was best for you. Someone had to do it. He's been dickin' you around for years. I knew he was trouble, but you refused to see it."

"So you what? Did you blackmail him? Did he even assault you, Shayne?" The line got quiet. "I hope you're happy with yourself. You just lost a sister, and I want to thank you ahead of time for runnin' away the father to my unborn child. I'll never forgive you for this." I hung up the phone before he could reply. Nothing he said was going to makes amends for what he'd done to me.

Just to be sure I went into the bathroom and took the second test. It immediately reflected a positive result. After pulling out my phone again I saw that I'd actually missed two periods, which meant I was probably eight weeks or more pregnant. I was going to have to tell Jamey, and it was going to have to be in person.

Shayne started blowing up my phone after I'd hung up on him, I was sure he was probably freaking out, not that I cared. I had something more important than my brother's issues to deal with.

After assuring Wayne that I'd visit with the doctor, I got into my car and started to drive back to the beach. Since Jamey refused to answer his phone I was going to have to hunt him down.

When I pulled up at the beach house I saw my brother standing outside. He must have assumed that I'd been with Jamey when I called. Fear swept over me when I thought about him finding out my news from Shayne. I rushed toward the house, before being stopped by my brother. "Get your hands off of me."

"I need to talk to you. Where have you been?"

Ford's voice made Shayne let go of me. "Give the girl some space, Shayne. You're not her keeper."

I shoved him back. "Go home, Shayne. This doesn't concern you."

"Pey, we need to talk about this. It's serious."

"You think I don't know that? Because of you I may have to do this on my own. I'll deal with you later. Now get out of my face. I need to talk to Jamey." He tried to grab me again. I pulled away and darted inside of the house. Ford would protect me, and if he wasn't willing I was certain Joey would.

Lacey and Sky looked surprised to see me. They were sitting in the kitchen looking online at wedding dresses. "Is there something I should know about?" The whole family knew that both of them had talked about marriage.

"Sky and Ford set a date. Isn't it exciting?" Lacey seemed just as excited as her best friend.

"Congratulations. That's wonderful." I gave her a hug before addressing why I was really there. "I need to talk to Jamey."

"He's still in bed. Last night he got kicked out of the bar. He went on and on about how he lost his cell phone. You should have seen how drunk he was," Sky explained.

Jamey never went anywhere without his phone, except for when he let me take it. I knew he was pissed about losing it, but it explained why he wouldn't answer my calls. He also didn't drink, not since he'd been in trouble. For him to go out and get shit-faced meant he was upset. It actually gave me hope that we still had a chance.

I found him in the back bedroom. The shades were pulled down and he had his head covered with a pillow. I sat down on the foot of the mattress trying to come up with a good way to tell him about my situation. Regardless of what was going to happen between us, he needed to know the truth. I was going to figure out a way to keep the baby. I loved children, and after seeing what both of my brothers had been through I knew I could never give up my child.

I felt the bed moving and turned to see that Jamey was sitting up. He looked like Hell. "Hi."

"Pey, what are you doin' here?"

"Did you really think my brother could keep me away? I know what he did."

He scratched his head. "How did you find out? Did Ash tell you?"

"She knew?"

"She found out late last night. I remember talkin' to her. She said she was goin' to take care of your brother. Isn't that why you're here?"

"Not exactly. I mean, I know that Shayne made you push me away. I still want to know why you did it. I mean, I thought you said you'd fight for us."

"He was goin' to have me locked up again, and I knew I'd lose you anyway. I just felt like it was best if I let you move on. All I've ever done is hurt you. It's not fair to ask you for another chance."

I shoved his leg over. "You big idiot, don't I get a say in who I want to be with?"

He shrugged. "I didn't sleep with Ang, Pey. I lied to you yesterday to make you hate me. I never called her and told her to go along with it."

I looked down at my hands and thought about how hurtful his words had been the day before. "You hurt me, Jamey. I felt like I was nothin' to you."

He put up his finger. "Hold that thought, baby. I'll be right back."

I watched him leap over the bed and run into the jack and jill bathroom. The water started running and I could hear him brushing his teeth and then rinsing. He came back into the bedroom and sat down next to me. "Sorry, I had to piss, and I was afraid I wasn't goin' to be able to hold it."

"How sexy," I teased.

"Where were we?"

"I need to tell you somethin', and I don't think you're goin' to like it."

Jamey seemed worried. "Did you hook up with that guy, Wayne?"

"No. It's not that." I played with my hands while trying to get my nerve up. We'd been through so much already, and this was tipping the pot. There was no other way to get the nerve to tell him. "So, I'm pregnant."

Jamey, who'd been close enough to kiss me, backed away. He stared into my eyes, waiting for me to announce I was joking. "Yeah right."

"I'm serious. I found out this mornin'. I mean, I still have to call a doctor but I took two tests. I didn't know. With everything that's been going on, I wasn't keepin' track. I'm probably eight or more weeks along, and before you try to talk me out of it, I've already decided that with or without you I'm keeping the baby. It's my decision and it's final. I know this probably changes everything, and you didn't sign up for all of this when you were tryin' to win me back. I didn't plan this either, but I'm not goin' to get upset over it. This is a new start for me. I'll be a good mother, and I'll do whatever it takes to make sure my baby is cared for."

"You know, my new place has two bedrooms. I'm sure the other one could be a kickass nursery." He shocked me.

"You still want to be with me? It's more than you bargained for."

"Jesus, Pey, you just told me that we're goin' to have a baby together. Last night I thought I lost you forever. This is the best damn news I've ever heard."

I fell against his chest and started to cry happy tears. "I thought we were through. It hurt so much."

He kissed me tenderly. "I know, baby. I'm so sorry. I thought I was doin' the right thing. I regretted it immediately, that's why I was goin' to tell you the truth. I couldn't live with that decision. The next time I see your brother he's gettin' an earful."

"My brother is outside, Jamey."

He got up and went running for the door. I chased after him, coming to a halt when we made it outside. Jamey was standing right in front of Shayne, while Ford and Joey were off to the side. Ford made the first comment. "We're all family here. Let's keep this cordial, so nobody has to get hurt."

It was a threat that we all knew Ford would make good on if things got out of hand.

"Shayne owes his sister and me an apology."

I watched my brother clenching his jaw. "What you did was wrong, Shayne. I know you thought you were helpin' me, but my life isn't yours to control. I love him."

"And I love her," Jamey added. I couldn't help smiling when he said it.

"I'm havin' his baby, Shayne, and I know you don't want me doin' it all alone. You of all people know how hard it is to raise a child on your own."

I heard the responses of my whole family, and Jamey's too. Then I felt him grabbing my hand. "Your sister is movin' into my place, and I'd appreciate it if you could eventually give us your blessin'. In return I promise to treat her right, and take care of her. You don't have to answer today, but I'd appreciate it if we could at least call it a truce. I need to be around for Peyton, so bein' locked up for some bullshit fight is out of the question."

Shayne knew he was outnumbered. As much as he hated Jamey, he couldn't bad mouth him in front of everyone else. My brother stuck out his hand and shook Jamey's. "Fine, but if you hurt my sister, if you even call her a name and I find about it, I'm kickin' your ass."

We all started to laugh. Shayne threw up his arms like he'd given up. "I need to get back to my wife. I'm on her shit list for this one."

I think we all knew he was still pissed. Jamey was going to have to prove to my brother that he was in it for the long haul, not to mention proving it to me. At the end of the day, I was happy to have him by my side. I still had to tell my family, and he had to tell his mother, but we could do it together, the way it should be.

Chapter 26

Jamey

I probably should have been freaked out about becoming a father, but I wasn't. In fact, it made me feel closer to Peyton, as if it gave us yet another reason to solidify what we both knew how we felt about each other. She moved into my apartment three days later, and we didn't leave the bedroom for another two. After her first doctor's appointment we made plans to tell our parents. Peyton was more nervous than me. My mom had been itching for a grandchild for a long time. She would be ecstatic. Peyton's parents were the ones that had issues with me in particular. I didn't blame them. I'd given them a million reasons to hate me being with my daughter. I was going to have to spend a million more trying to regain some kind of relationship with them.

Dinner at our house was the plan. We'd get them all together and spill the beans. Peyton knew her dad wouldn't be disrespectful if my mom was around. Instead of cooking, we ordered a big meal from a local Italian place. It put less stress on Peyton, who'd scrubbed every corner of our place several times. She was nervous, and I couldn't blame her. After Shayne found out, Peyton called to tell Parker. It wasn't surprising that he took the news as bad. It upset Peyton, since she'd been happy about it. Parker had issues, we all knew that, but it still hurt me to see Peyton let down.

After our parents arrived I could tell she was freaking out. What made matters worse was an unexpected set of visitors that would potentially ruin everything. I opened the door to see Shayne, Ashley, and the twins standing on the other side. We weren't exactly friends, so it stunned me that he'd show up at my house. "What are you doin' here, Shayne?"

He took a deep breath and gave it to me straight. "I came here to support my sister."

"We both did," Ashley added.

I opened the door all the way so that they could enter. Once Ash had the twins inside, Shayne pulled me back to talk. "I need to say somethin' to you."

"This ain't the time, Shayne."

"Just hold up. I'm not here to start trouble. "

That was hard to believe. "What do you want then?"

"Look, we're goin' to need to deal with each other for the next eighteen to fifty years. If I want to know my niece or nephew I'm goin' to have to get past my beef with you."

"So we're just supposed to act like friends now?" I wasn't buying it.

Shayne held out his hand. "Please."

Even though I was mostly annoyed, I shook his hand as a peace offering. If he wanted to try to work things out I'd do it for Peyton. "I'm doin' this for your sister, because forgivin' you for havin' me locked up, twice, ain't easy to get over."

"Yeah, it was an ass**le move, but it did get you to wake up and see what you were doin' to my sister."

I started to walk back in the house. "Just come in and shut up."

When I got back inside I saw Peyton holding Eli. She seemed so happy when they were near her, and I could only imagine her being a great mother. As scared as I was about being responsible for another human being, I knew she'd keep me straight, and honestly ever since we'd been back together I hadn't even noticed another female. I guess I finally learned my lesson after almost losing her. Our struggles had made us stronger, and even though we'd been rocky from the start, our new start had only brought us satisfaction.

At dinner we all sat around the living room in a circle. I'd brought chairs in from the kitchen and some of us just sat on the floor with a plate in our laps. I could tell that Peyton was itching to tell everyone the news. She was picking at her plate with an ill look on her face, so I took it upon myself to give the hard news.

"So we didn't invite you here to just celebrate us gettin' back together. We got some news that we wanted to share with all of you."

My mother couldn't hold in the excitement. "Oh my God. Are you pregnant?"

I looked over toward Peyton was saw her afraid face. "Yes."

My mom put her hands over her face in an excited way, while Peyton's mom and dad sat silently for a second. I knew it was up to me to put their minds at ease, but Shayne took it upon himself to cut in. "Mom, Dad, before you say anything I want you to know that I've talked to both of them about this. They know what's to come, and in my opinion they're goin' to make it work. Jamey's got a good job and Peyton's in school. She won't have to work, because their rent is cheap. Ash and I can babysit if they ever need help. We're all in shock about this, but it doesn't have to be a bad thing. Peyton knows how to take of a baby. I wouldn't have been able to get through what I did without her."

"It's just a surprise, that's all," Peyton's mom commented. "It's not that we aren't happy for her. She's so young, and the two of them just moved in together."

"We'll figure it out," I reassured her. "I love your daughter, and I'll do whatever I have to do to prove that I'm goin' to take care of her and our baby. I promise."

Peyton stood up and walked over to her father. "Daddy, I love you, but I'm not a little girl anymore. I know I'm the baby, but it's time for me to make my own choices. Even if you can't be happy for me, can you at least be supportive?"

He nodded. "Of course."

For the next half hour we did everything we could to reassure her parents, while my mother went on and on about being a grandmother. I don't think Peyton started to relax until they left. The only people that remained was her brother and Ashley. The girls were putting away dishes while Shayne and I watched the twins running around the house.

"Thanks for what you did earlier, Shayne."

"I did it for my sister."

"It still meant a lot to both of us." Believe it or not I was considering forgiving him for helping us out of a tough situation.

"You're welcome, but if you mess this up in anyway, I will make your life a livin' Hell. Got it?"

"I hear you."

"Good."

That was the end of our conversation, and I was content over it. Shayne was making an effort whether it was for his sister, or his family. I'd prove to him in time that I could be counted on.

After they'd finally gone home I pulled Peyton into the bathroom with me. "You look tired."

"I have to watch Abigail for Wayne tomorrow, and I'm afraid I'm going to be a zombie." Wayne and I had been hanging out more, and I found that he was a great guy. For some reason he didn't give me any kind of vibe of being a threat, and I was crazy about his little girl. I only hoped that if I had a daughter she'd be as cute. Even though we were getting along I knew I'd keep my eyes on Wayne. I wasn't willing to let anything come between me and my girlfriend again.

"I'll help. If you need to take a nap I'll keep her occupied. She can help me make the soup for the diner."

Peyton rolled her eyes. "Oh, I'm sure that will be fun for a five year old."

"I'll make it fun."

She wrapped her arms around my neck. "I can already tell you're goin' to spoil our kid."

I shrugged with a ornery grin. "Is that so bad?"

She shook her head. "No. It's sweet."

My lips reached for hers, and from the moment they connected I felt myself becoming aroused. "We got through today, baby. I didn't kill your brother."

"He's tryin'."

I picked her up and sat her on the vanity. "Let's not talk about your brother." Her shirt was easy to pull over her head, and her bra came off after I unfastened the hooks.

We kissed again, this time both knowing what was to come. I dropped to my knees and pulled off her shorts, taking her panties with them. Peyton sat there naked and fully exposed to me. I kissed her inner thighs as I made me way to her prize. "I need you."

She ran her hands through my hair and leaned back against the mirror. The palm of my hand ran over her pu**y to get a reaction. Her legs spread farther apart and I buried myself between her legs. The taste of her salty arousal forced the bulge in my pants to jump. It wasn't just her pu**y that I wanted to taste. I needed to be inside of her, feeling as close as we could possibly get. I flicked over her clit several times with my tongue, feeling her legs shaking on either side. I held her tightly until I felt her letting go. Her release came quick, only making the urgency to switch positions apparent. I stood up and let my shorts drop to the floor. Our lips met, and I savored the way her tongue meshed with mine, while slowly entering her. She wrapped her legs around my back and held me as I worked our pace.

I watched her tits bouncing around while I continued to pump my swollen c**k inside of her. Each time she cried out, or closed her eyes, I knew it felt good to her. In no time at all I was finishing, filling her with everything I had to give.

We held each other for longer than usual, while she sat on the cold porcelain. I don't know why it felt so emotional for both of us. Perhaps it was the fact that our secret was out in the open. We no longer had to deal with the stress of telling everyone. No matter what the case, we shared a moment of euphoria that had never happened before. It wasn't because we'd just had sex either. This was because we were finally on the same page in every aspect of our lives. We'd grown apart, and found our way again. This time I knew what I wanted, and one thing I'd never do again was take her for granted.

Maybe Shayne had taught me a lesson. It had certainly opened my eyes to life. I'd never admit it to him, but I was grateful for his part in it all. It resulted in me getting Peyton back, which turned out that it had been the only thing I ever really needed.

We had a lot of growing to do, but I knew we'd do it together, and that was what made our moment so perfect.

The End

