Chapter One

Mark Delaney tossed his phone in his pocket, threw the car door open, and climbed out of his Maserati. Damn it all to hell. Not even the tow truck company would venture out in this mess native Coloradans called snow. He was officially stranded. Perhaps he'd been spoiled by the California sunshine, but his tolerance for the cold flakes falling on his Prada suit was gone.

Blowing out a puff of steamy breath, he kicked the snow, not even caring when the grayish white stuff soaked through his Gucci shoes upon impact. The snow hit his driver's side door, sliding down the red paint, leaving a path of dirt and filth in its wake. Dragging a hand through his hair, he glowered up at the dark sky.

He was supposed to be at a movie premiere tomorrow night, but he was stuck in f**king Colorado. Tomorrow night was also the night he was supposed to walk the red carpet with Sylvia Day, his latest love interest, on his arm. Not like he was actually seeing her or anything so exciting as that.

His publicist always said being single was the fastest way to kill a career in Hollywood, and the second fastest was being married. The Hollywood solution? Publicity relationship. The up-and-coming actress got to use him to further her career, and Mark had an excuse to avoid relationship drama. But if he didn't show up on time, then the whole deal would be off. Apparently, Ms. Day didn't like to be stood up, even by a fake boyfriend.

With this deadline hanging over his head like an anvil, he'd rushed to the airport, hoping against all odds he would beat the snowstorm and get back to California. When the gate agent told him all flights were cancelled, he decided to hop into his Maserati and take matters into his own hands.

A lot of good that had done him.

What would his agent say when he didn't show up to the premiere? Even worse, what would Glory Productions have to say about their missing star? And the damn starlet who was counting on him to make her famous ...

Dragging a hand down his face, he looked around for any signs of life. He would get somewhere warm, then see what he could do about chartering a private jet. Down the road a bit, he could almost make out the outline of a familiar house with its lights still on. Drudging through the snow, he shoved his hands into his pockets and made his way down the road. His agent had told him not to go home for Christmas, but Mark couldn't miss his little sister's big announcement. She was getting married, and it was the biggest news their family had heard since Mark was nominated for a People's Choice award two years ago.

So he'd gone back home, against Gary's wishes, and now he would have to deal with the repercussions of his actions. Hell, he hadn't even made it more than four miles from Eve's house before he'd slid off the icy road and into the damn ditch. If he didn't know better, he'd swear Gary conjured up this storm just to prove he was right. Mark should've stayed in L.A.

He wouldn't put it past him. For his first red carpet film premiere, Gary paid two hundred screaming girls to throw lacy undergarments at Mark. One pointy brassiere had caught him in the left eye, making it sting like hell throughout the next day. Shaking his head at the direction his thoughts had turned, he stepped up to the porch of the house then knocked on the door. If he was lucky, the Robertsons still lived here and would take pity on him. He'd spent enough afternoons in their kitchen, studying with their daughter.

The thought of Lacey sitting across the table, painstakingly teaching him about parabolas, made his heart race. It had been years since he'd last seen her, but that didn't mean she hadn't been on his mind. Far from it. The door swung open. Mark blinked at the captivating creature in front of him. Lacey.

She wore nothing but a tight tank top and a pair of black yoga pants. Gone were the t-shirt and jeans she wore when they studied. He cleared his throat and tore his gaze off of her barely-covered br**sts. She was obviously cold, but Mark forced himself to not focus on that small detail. Or, uh, two small details. "Um. Hi."

Hi? Was that all he had? Pathetic.

"Well, if it isn't Mark Delaney. Town star."

Sometimes he wasn't so sure he was that Mark anymore. He rubbed the back of his neck and looked at her from the protection of his lashes. "Yeah, last time I checked."

As he studied her face, he wondered if she could see his secret written all over his face. Did she know that her blue eyes haunted his dreams after all this time? Lacey had been his math tutor ... and yet so much more. It was just his luck that she would be the one he'd need to get through this ordeal.

He hadn't seen her since he graduated high school and headed to California. She looked different, mature, womanly. Sexy. Her soft curves made his mouth water. Somehow when he pictured her in his head, she'd remained seventeen and innocently sweet. Now, instead of conjuring images of equations in his head, she brought on thoughts of cold winter nights spent gloriously naked, rolling around in bed all night, as the snow fell outside.

She cocked her head. "What are you still doing here? Eve said you were going back to LA tonight."

"Ah, yeah. Eve-informing everyone of everyone else's life since she came out of my mother's womb in nineteen eighty-seven."

Her lips twitched. "She likes to talk about you. Can you blame her? Her brother's a star!"

"Lotta good my star status is doing me now," he mumbled, shifting on his feet. If he didn't get inside the house soon, he'd be in danger of a few vital parts freezing and then what kind of star would he be?

Lacey studied him, her eyes soft, inviting. Everything about her, from the tips of her green and red toenails to the soft blond hair was real and touchable. Not like the girls in Hollywood he normally hung around. And yet ... he couldn't think of a damn thing to say to her.

Mark Delaney lost for words? Doubly pathetic. Shoulders hunched, he shoved his hands deeper into his pockets. "I didn't expect you to be here, Lacey. I thought you'd moved."

"Well, lucky for you, I am here." She smiled at him, her pouty red lips parting to reveal the dimples he'd always loved. He eyed her ring finger. It was blessedly bare.

"Well then, I guess I am lucky."

Rubbing the bare skin on her arms, she looked past him. "You walked here? In this weather?"

"No, I just left Eve at home with Drake, celebrating Christmas with his parents." He pointed at the road behind him. "I was on my way to California, but didn't make it very far. Sports cars and snow don't mix. I'm in a ditch, and need a place to stay until I can get a tow truck to pull me out in the morning. I was hoping your mom would let me spend the night until someone came to get me."

"Oh, well, come on in." She opened the door all the way. "You must be freezing."

"A little bit, yeah." He stepped inside and blew on his closed fists, hoping to return some feeling to them before next year rolled around. "Are your parents asleep already?"

She closed the door and leaned against it. "They're not here, actually. They decided to spend their holiday in the Caribbean. I'm house sitting for them."

His mouth dried out when she reached up to tuck her bangs behind her ear. His fingers twitched with the need to touch her hair. To see if it felt as silky as he remembered. There was no one home to stop him from acting out on the urge to pull her into his arms. No one to stop him but himself. He was screwed. "So you're ... alone?"

"Yeah." Her cheeks turned pink, and her hand tightened on the doorknob. "All alone on Christmas. Pretty pathetic, huh?"

"You?" He shook his head. "I'm alone on Christmas, too. So I'm right there with you."

She looked up at him in surprise, but lowered her chin. "I don't think anyone in their right mind would call you pathetic."

"You'd be surprised."

She walked past him into the living room and held up the magazine on her coffee table. "People Magazine calls you the most eligible bachelor in Hollywood-for the second year in a row. We all know that magazines are never wrong, so you can't argue with them."

"That doesn't count." He snorted. "They only say those things about me because they don't know the real me."

She rolled her eyes. "Yeah, well, I used to know you. Does that count?"

She did know him. She knew him better than anyone else on this planet, whether she realized it or not. With her, he'd let his guard down. She'd been his only real friend growing up, maybe ever. He had lots of friends nowadays, but none could be trusted not to share his secrets with the tabloids.

Their bond had never gone further than friendship for various reasons. And yet ... being in her company for a mere three minutes already had him wanting to touch her. Kiss her. He wanted to bury himself in her.

He cleared his throat and looked at the door, his heart pounding in his ears. Where was all of this desire coming from? Sure, it had been a while since he'd gotten laid, but this was different. With Lacey, it felt more like a need. A need to hold her close and kiss her until she couldn't remember anything except his name. If he stayed here, he might not be able to keep his hands to himself. No. He should make a phone call and charter a plane immediately, before he did something he would regret. "Maybe I should go."

She raised a brow. "You're welcome to spend the night. I don't think anyone will come to tow you out until the snow stops. Morning at the very earliest."

"Yeah, but ..." He gestured at the stairs. "You're alone. I don't think your parents would like me staying here without their permission."

She choked on a laugh. "You're kidding, right? You do realize I'm not seventeen anymore? I think it's okay if an old friend of the family stays the night."

If she knew that the family friend she spoke of wanted nothing more than to carry her upstairs and explore every inch of her naked body ... she might not feel that way. His cheeks heated, and he ducked his head. "Yeah. Of course."

"Then come in. Take off your shoes. Go sit by the fire." Her voice grew more distant, and he lifted his head to find her. She strode toward the kitchen, her hips swaying with a grace and seduction he had a feeling she didn't even try to achieve. "I was about to open up a bottle of champagne, so I'll grab another glass for you."

He forced his eyes away from her ass and turned to look out the window. The snow fell in rapid succession, showing no signs of easing up anytime soon. He couldn't drive away from here, and there was no other house within walking distance. Looked like his options were to stay inside with her-or brave the ice and snow outside for the next twelve hours wearing his Gucci shoes and a lightweight jacket that did more for his style than his personal comfort.

Eyeing the crackling fire in the living room, he kicked off his shoes, walked into the living room, and sank onto the couch. He knew what he had to do. What he should do. But instead, he decided to break a few rules, have a little fun. After all, he hadn't seen Lacey in eight long years, and he wasn't ready to leave just yet.

He would stay, but he'd keep his damn hands to himself no matter how tempted he was to see if her lips tasted as good as he'd always imagined they would. He had no right barging into her life and taking advantage of her, only to disappear in the morning. He'd spend an hour or two with her then crash on the couch until morning.

Alone.

Chapter Two

Lacey grabbed a champagne flute with shaking fingers. So the boy she secretly wanted throughout high school, the very same boy she'd compared every single one of her boyfriends to ever since, sat in her parents' living room. That same boy had turned into a famous, hot, successful, sexy man she regularly drooled over on the big screen. He would be spending the night with her, so close she could touch him if she so wished.

And he was oh, so touchable.

Okay, she needed to stop it right there. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Just because he was stranded and without any other options for shelter didn't mean he was interested in her in any way, shape, or form. It didn't mean he wanted her fawning all over him, like every other woman in the world.

He was rich and famous-and she was still the small town girl who used to tutor him in math. Time hadn't changed her too much. Lacey taught elementary school, like she always knew she would. If only she could hold onto a relationship the way she held onto her dreams of teaching.

She eyed the kitchen table, leaning back against the counter for support. They used to sit there for hours, while she would do her best to help him understand calculus. In between math equations and complex problems, they talked about their futures and their dreams. She'd wanted to be a teacher, and he'd aspired to be an actor. She hadn't had a doubt he would succeed in his goals back then ... and he hadn't.

Fine. She could do this. She would play it cool, and make it a point not to fawn all over him, or beg for his attention. The key was to remain cool, calm, and collected. Raising her chin, she headed back into the living room. She would act as if nothing changed between them. He was still the boy she used to tutor, and she was still the girl he used to cheat off when he forgot all the stuff she taught him. For tonight, she would forget he was now an A-list star sitting on the couch, waiting for her. No, tonight he would be Mark, high school football captain. Not Mark Delaney-mega superstar.

When she entered the living room, she found him kicked back on the couch, one ankle crossed over his knee. Upon hearing her approach, he turned and smiled at her. Oh, God. The smile that melted the hearts of women all across the world was directed at her. "I'm happy to see that Tinkerbell is still alive and kicking."

Lacey looked at the small mutt lying in front of the fireplace, snoring away in doggie-land. "Yeah. My parents worried she might be too old to be boarded. Do you have any pets in Cali?"

"Do a publicist and agent count?"

She raised her eyebrows. "Only if you have to feed them and take them for walks."

"Then the answer is no." He scratched his head. "Not even a goldfish. But I'm not home enough for anything to rely on me for food and water."

She sat down next to him, keeping a respectable distance between them, and reached for the bottle. He beat her to it. She watched him pour them both a glass, his hands steady and sure, and tucked her own trembling fingers in between her knees, squeezing them hard.

Her body thrummed to life around him-just as it had in high school. Though it had been years since she saw him, her attraction to him was stronger than ever. Of course, she'd had the benefit of watching him in movies over the years, whereas he did not seem to care what she'd been up to.

She'd gone to college, gotten a job in the same elementary school they had attended, then gotten engaged. The disaster of an engagement resulted in heartbreak a few months ago. End of her boring life story. She swore off men after that, and wasn't about to give in to her desire to throw herself at him for a night of fun.

Was she? No. She wouldn't.

Needing to do something besides stare at his ridiculously long eyelashes-seriously, what man needed eyelashes so thick and dark?-she stood and headed for the TV. Bending over, she shuffled through the selection of movies in search of National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation. "Want to watch a movie?"

"Sure." He stood up and handed her a glass. "I'm thinking a holiday classic is in order."

She extracted a hand, begging it silently not to shake, and then turned her focus back to the DVDs. The full force of his green eyes on her was almost enough to turn her into a bumbling idiot. He'd always had that effect on her, and she hated it. She was an adult, damn it. Not some lovesick teenage girl. "I watch the same movie every Christmas with my family. This is the first year I'll be watching it without them."

"National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation? It's right there, on the left."

A breath caught in her throat, attempting to cut off her supply of oxygen. He remembered her favorite movie? When had she told him about her Christmas tradition? It had to have been at least ten years ago. She picked up the movie and looked at him, hugging the disk to her chest. "How do you remember my favorite Christmas movie?"

"Why wouldn't I remember it?"

"I don't know."

His eyes met hers, sending a wave of heat through her. She had the urge to grab him by the shoulders and smash her lips on his just for the hell of it. How many actresses had gotten paid to do that? But Lacey didn't need money. She just wanted him.

No, she couldn't do that. She'd been through enough disastrous relationships, and had no desire to go back there with a man whose job consisted of kissing gorgeous women on a daily basis. No, thank you.

He took a sip of his drink then raised the glass to her. "I remember pretty much everything you ever told me. I've got a good memory."

"Oh." She looked away from him, needing to separate herself from his intoxicating stare. "Yeah, that makes sense. Actors have to remember all of their lines, and the actions to go with their lines. An eye roll here. A dramatic gasp there."

"Yeah, that's pretty much all there is to my life anymore."

"If your career is based off you memorizing things, why didn't the math I tried to teach you ever stick in that photographic memory of yours?"

He pried the movie out of her fingers and popped it open before sliding the DVD into the player. "Because I was too busy staring at you to pay attention, more than likely."

She blinked at him, fighting the long forgotten yet somehow familiar urge to smile back at him and flirt. They'd always flirted and teased each other as kids, and he was acting as if nothing changed in that quarter. Well, duh. His job required him to be a charming, handsome man that women would fall in love with over and over again in movies. Of course he would continue the front in her living room. Of course he would pretend that he actually liked her-or even thought she was pretty. If she wanted to go and read more into his words than the role he played in life, then she was a fool.

She took a sip of champagne before answering, needing a few seconds to compose her answer. This easy banter might come easily to him, but for her it had been a long time. Ever since Joe broke her heart and left her alone, she hadn't exactly been big on flirting and laughing with men. And tonight didn't feel like an exception. Instead of coming up with a teasing reply, she simply said what was on her mind. "I doubt that."

He flushed and dragged a hand through his hair. "Look, I'm sorry I didn't keep in touch after I left. I got your emails, but didn't have time to write back."

She shook her head. "You don't have to apologize to me. It's not a big deal. I mean, it's not like we were dating or something."

"I know." He looked down at the TV, his jaw tense. "Still, I'm sorry."

She swallowed another sip of her drink, struggling to get past her throbbing throat. When he'd left, she'd checked her email several times a day for a few months, eagerly waiting to hear from him. He'd promised to write her every day, so she could live vicariously through his exciting life. Every day she woke up, expecting for the first email to hit her inbox.

When no such letter came, she had realized all those nights spent studying together on her parents' couch had meant something entirely different to him than it had to her. To her, it had been the highlight of her weekends. To him, it had probably been nothing more than a way to graduate and leave the small town he hated so much. To hear he regretted not keeping in touch both warmed her heart and saddened her.

"I kept up on you," she said, giving him a small smile. "Eve told me all about your auditions, and after you made it big, I couldn't have avoided seeing your face even if I wanted to."

He grabbed the champagne and refilled her cup, then his. "Yeah. I guess there's that. So, I hear you're a teacher now?"

"Yeah." She took a shaky breath. "Second grade."

"That's how old you were the first time I met you."

She shot him another look. For someone as successful as he was in life, he remembered an awful lot of details about her. Last year, she'd seen a story about him being invited to the White House to dine with the President-but he remembered all these little things about her? Did she dare hope it meant he had thought of her once or twice over the years? Probably not. More than likely, Eve had mentioned it in passing. She'd have to thank her later for reminding Mark that she still existed, since he'd obviously forgotten.

"Yep," she mumbled into her glass, taking another sip. "I think I was."

He picked up the remote and started the movie, settling back on the couch. "So, you like it?"

She blinked at him and sat down beside him. "Like what?"

"Teaching." His lips twitched. "Is this your second bottle? Are you drunk already, Lacey?"

"Uh." She eyed the kitchen, where an empty bottle sat. "Maybe a little."

He threw his head back and laughed. "I knew it. You could never hold your liquor well."

She rolled her eyes. "I'm not seventeen anymore. I assure you I'm now capable of drinking more than a glass of wine before I'm puking on your shoes."

"I took them off just in case." He wiggled his toes. "See? Safe and sound."

She punched his arm, her cheeks heating up. The last time she'd seen him, on the night of his graduation, she'd snuck into his backyard with a bottle of pilfered wine. She and Mark had sat on his porch and drank all night long. Until sunrise. Knowing he would be gone soon, she'd not so brightly decided to make a move on him.

He was leaving in the morning, so if he laughed in her face, at least she wouldn't have to see him again. She'd been moving in for a kiss, drunk enough to feel both bold and confident that she looked sexy in his eyes, but she'd ruined the effect by puking her guts up on his Nike's. And for a second, as she moved closer to him, she'd sworn that she had seen desire cross his eyes before she lost all control of her stomach.

She looked down at his feet, covered in expensive looking socks that probably cost more than her whole outfit combined-including the shoes she no longer wore. "You'll never let me live that night down, will you?"

"I don't know. It was a pretty awesome night." He nudged her with his elbow. "I think about it sometimes when I'm playing a part where I have to laugh. It helps inspire me to actually look amused."

She put down her glass and dropped her head in her hands. "Oh, God. I'll never be able to watch one of your movies and not think about you mocking me now."

"Mocking? Never." He grabbed her hands, tugging them away from her face. She looked up at him, caught sight of his sparkling eyes, and allowed herself to drown in them. "As if I would ever mock you. You just make me smile. That's all. It reminds me of how life used to be. How simple things were with you, studying math and talking about what we wanted to be when we grew up. I was happy back then."

There was a haunting emptiness to his words as he fidgeted with his glass.

"So, it's not what you expected?" she asked, her voice quiet.

Mark looked up at her through his lashes, his eyes locked on her. "I enjoy my career. I enjoy acting. But ... sometimes I wish I had picked a different one."

She shook her head. "Why would you want to give up your Hollywood lifestyle? You wear it well."

"Well, maybe I wouldn't give up everything." He pushed the glass away and picked up the People Magazine. He stopped at a page where his picture was plastered across it. "See this? That day I was sick. Felt like shit and dragged my feverish ass out of bed to get my prescription filled."

She leaned closer and looked at the picture. "You look happy to me. Of course, you're wearing sunglasses so I can't see your eyes, but you look content enough."

"Yeah, because I have to look that way. If the paparazzi take a picture of me with a red nose and puffy eyes-next day they'll be calling me a drug addict. Saying I was out all night partying and snorting lines of cocaine. Next thing you know, my publicist is making me enter rehab for exhaustion."

"That sucks." She pulled the magazine out of his hand and tossed it face down on the table. "Well, how about this? Relax. You don't have to be charming. Don't have to pretend to want to rip my clothes off to keep your sex status symbol. Just be you. I promise I won't tell anyone if you un-tuck your shirt and kick back for a bit."

He bit back a smile. "You think I'm pretending I want to rip your clothes off to appear sexy?"

"No, of course not!" She bit her tongue, inwardly cursing herself for her choice of words. Way to make it sound like she thought he wanted to get into her bed. Idiot. "How come you latched onto that one part about sex out of the whole speech I just gave you? It's such a typical man thing."

He lifted a shoulder. "It's ingrained. We can't help it."

She rubbed her temples and sighed.

He leaned in closer to her, his eyes latched on her mouth. "What if I want to rip off your clothes and have sex with you?"

She poured herself another glass and ignored the clenching of her stomach. "Nothing wrong with wanting."

"Tease," he uttered, grabbing her hands again. Why did he keep doing that? What was he up to tonight?

"Me? Never."

His laughter melted away. His gaze dropped back down to her mouth and his fingers flexed on her hands. When he moved in closer, her breath caught in her throat. Was he going to kiss her? She tilted her chin up and her eyelids drifted shut. Waiting. Hoping.

Instead of getting the kiss she expected, she got her hands back in her lap, and he jumped to his feet. Of course he hadn't been thinking of kissing her. She'd obviously imagined the whole thing, and now he was trying to get away from her. What happened to the promise she'd made to herself not to throw herself at him?

Fool.

Here she went again, trying to kiss the poor guy when he so clearly didn't want to be kissed ... by her. Why couldn't she resist him? What chance did she, a teacher from a small town, have against Hollywood A-list actresses? He didn't want her. Wouldn't ever want her. They were friends-if she could even call what they had between them "friendship." After all, he'd left for California and she'd never heard from him again. If he hadn't broken down outside of her house, she wouldn't be seeing him now, either. When would she get that through her thick, thick skull?

She finally opened her eyes and bit down hard on her lip, watching him pace in front of her. He nibbled on his thumbnail, his steps wide and hurried. He must be praying for the tow truck to hurry up and come get him before she threw herself at him again. Not looking at her, he asked, "So, what have you been up to besides work? When's the last time you saw Eve?"

"Um, a few weeks ago. And I'm not up to much besides work." She paused, seeing where this conversation was going. Knowing Eve, he knew all about Joe and his infidelity. "How much do you know about my engagement?"

He stopped mid-pace, looking at her out of the corner of his eye. "Truthfully? Everything. He sounds like a royal f**kwad."

"Yeah, he was. Is."

She ignored the slice of pain knifing through her heart. She didn't really miss Joe, per se, but she missed having someone in her life that cared about her. Missed having a person to come home to and eat dinner with. She'd had that with Joe, and thought she'd spend the rest of her life with him. Start a family. She'd been wrong.

"How's work?" he asked, pouring them more champagne. Her head was already spinning, but she took it from him anyway, thankful for the change of subject.

"It's good. I love being a teacher." She stole a look at him to see if he looked bored silly, but he watched her as intently as before. "Actually, I got an award last spring for teacher of the year. I'm the youngest to ever be crowned-so it was a pretty big deal. Not as big of a deal as winning a People's Choice Award, of course, but fun nonetheless."

"Are you kidding me?" He smiled at her. "That's amazing, and much more impressive than an award for being cute on screen."

She snorted. "You're kidding, right?"

"Absolutely not." He stood up and tugged her to her feet. "Show it to me. Where is it?"

She blinked at him, unable to believe he could be so excited about a plastic trophy. Why was he acting so interested in her life when his own was a million times more exciting? And, unfortunately, his excitement in her success made her melt toward him more-as if she needed help in that department. To see him so excited about it made her long to throw her arms around him and kiss him senseless. Again.

Six months earlier, she hadn't had anyone in her life that could even pretend to be excited about her award-besides her parents and Eve. Joe had recently broken her heart and she'd been alone and miserable. For weeks afterward, she'd moped around, feeling lost and confused. When they called her name over the microphone, and she'd stumbled up to the stage in surprise, the cloud following over her head had dissipated. After winning the award, she'd gone home and set it in a place of honor right in the middle of the fireplace mantle. That small little token of appreciation had been the highlight of her year.

Forcing her attention back to the present, she shrugged. "It's not here. It's over at my place. I don't live here anymore, remember?"

He flushed. "Well, I want to see it sometime."

"If you want to see my little trophy, you'll have to come back to visit." She motioned toward the door. "Perhaps when it's not snowing so you can avoid ditches?"

"It's a date."

She froze. She knew he didn't mean the word in a literal sense, but it didn't stop her heart from skipping a beat or two.

He gave a small shake of his head. "Normal is a good thing-not something to bemoan. You should embrace the privacy. I miss it."

"If you say so," she mumbled. She sat back down, feeling awkward standing in the middle of the room. "Did you really punch that photographer in the nuts for snapping a picture of Pink's baby?"

He shrugged and shoved his hands into his pockets. "He made the poor little thing cry, and refused to back up when Pink asked him to. What did he expect?"

"Is she nice?" She leaned forward and tapped her foot. "I've always wanted to meet her. When I saw you were friends with her and her husband, I died of jealousy a little bit."

"She's great. They're both great." He ran a hand over his jaw, his eyes guarded. "You can come visit me sometime if you want, and I'll introduce you."

She nodded. "Yeah. Sure."

"Good. I can't wait to show you the glamorous Hollywood life. You'll enjoy it, I think."

"I bet." But knew she would never see him again after tomorrow. He was here with her now, so it was easy to make empty plans and promises, but once he returned to the life of an A-lister, he would forget all about her. Again. Time for a dose of reality. She'd ask the one question she'd avoided up until now. "So what hot Hollywood star are you dating now? I promise not to tell."

Something crossed his eyes, something that looked an awful lot like uncertainty when combined with his wrinkled brow, but he shook his head. "I'm single."

She wagged a finger at him. "I don't think you are. I saw that look in your eyes. Oh god. Is it someone normal? An agent? Publicist? Your accountant's niece?"

"No, there's no one. And besides, I wouldn't date a normal girl."

She drew back, insulted despite her own thoughts on the subject matching up with his words. "Why not? Normal isn't good enough for you anymore?"

"The opposite, actually. I can't date anyone without dragging her into the spotlight, and completely changing her life in the process."

"If she agrees to date you, then I'd have to assume she's prepared for that."

"Maybe too much so. A lot of the women I meet want to date one of the characters I've played-not the real me. Or they want my money." He stopped pacing and looked at her, his jaw hard. "Or, in some cases, they wanna use me to get famous. I've stopped dating because of this. None of them really know me. Or want to know me."

She pursed her lips. She'd never thought of the hardships of being a star before. To her, it seemed all glamour and money. "Oh."

"Sometimes, I long for normal. Boring."

She put her hands on her hips and narrowed her eyes at him. "Are you calling my life boring?"

"No, of course not. I'd never associate you with the word boring in a million years." He sighed and rubbed his jaw. "And I'm not unhappy with my career choices, or anything. But sometimes I wish ..."

"For love?" she asked softly, unable to believe he was telling her this. "Anonymity? Happiness?"

When they were kids, they would spend hours sharing their deepest thoughts and wishes, but their long conversations had taken place lifetimes ago. Eons ago. Never would she expect him to be so open now, with so much lost time between them.

He flushed. "Yeah. Maybe."

"I get that. I've never thought of the other side of the business before." She lifted her hands then dropped them back in her lap. "I mean ... I'm sure women are always throwing themselves at you. It can't be that lonely."

"Oh, they do throw themselves at me. But not the right kind,'" he murmured, his eyes on her. "Not the right one."

She nibbled on her lip and turned away. "It can't be easy for a regular woman to attract your attention. I would imagine a normal woman would be scared you wouldn't even see her mixed in with all of those actresses and models."

"Well, then ..." He stepped closer to her by an inch or so, yet she felt his heat urging her to lean in. To sway toward him. "She would be wrong. I'm not into actresses."

He couldn't possibly mean that she was the right type of person, or that she should let him know she wanted him. The champagne was messing with her head. And yet ... right now, it looked as if he wanted her. Wanted to kiss her.

"I'm sure the right woman will come along someday," she managed to say.

"What if she already came along?" He kneeled down at her feet. "Do you ever worry maybe the one you were meant to spend your life with is already gone? Like maybe you missed your chance because you weren't ready then?"

"Sometimes, yes," she admitted, picturing him laughing at her across the lunch table at school. She looked down at her lap, clasping her hands together. "But for now, I'm content as I am."

"I want you to be happy, not to settle for some ass**le because he seems good enough. You deserve more."

She would not swoon at his words, nor would she read more into them than she should. "What about you? Don't you have some young, hot actress expecting your arm for the red carpet tomorrow night?"

"I do have an event, yes, but I'm kind of stuck here at the moment."

There it was again. The painful reminder that he was only here because he needed a tow. "Right."

He plucked her glass out of her hand. "Are you sure you're not seeing anyone?"

She squared her jaw. "Are you?"

"No. It gets too messy, remember?"

He let go of her legs and tucked her hair behind her ear. The touch seemed more intimate than before, and her body begged for more with a steady tensing of her muscles. What was he doing? "Right."

How many times in the past three minutes had she said right?

"Now answer my question."

"I already did, you idiot." She tilted her chin up, meeting his eyes defiantly. "No, I'm not seeing anyone."

"Good. Because I've wanted to do this since you opened the door."

He lowered his head and closed his mouth over hers. She gasped in shock, unable to believe the same man she had been half in love since senior year was kissing her. He took advantage of her open mouth, slipping his tongue in between her lips, and she forgot to think at all.

Chapter Three

Mark slid his tongue inside her sweet mouth, unable to resist the temptation of her lush lips any longer. He pulled her closer, but kept his touch on her arms light, in case she wished to pull away. When she snuggled closer and entwined her hands behind his neck, he groaned and deepened the kiss. Ever since he'd walked into this house, he'd wondered if she tasted as good as he'd dreamed she might, but she tasted a million times better.

He trailed his fingers down her bare arms, tracing the curve of her wrist lightly before gripping her hips and pulling her closer. He knew he should pull away and apologize for touching her, but he needed a few more minutes of heaven before he stopped. He lived halfway across the country, and she would never want to deal with the crazy lifestyle he was buried neck-deep in, so he knew this was a one-time thing. A mere taste of what could've been, if he hadn't run to California all of those years ago.

If he hadn't needed to make something of himself, away from here, away from her, maybe it could be more. But he knew otherwise. His feelings were such a turnaround of what they'd been the last time he'd seen her. He had known she had feelings for him, but also knew he didn't want to be tied down to a college girl while he sought out his dream.

Back then, he'd been slightly curious if she would rock his world, and more than a little bit tempted to kiss her to find out, but he hadn't touched her even once. To do so would be opening himself to her, and opening her heart to him when he had no right to do so. And yet when she'd moved to kiss him that night, he wondered how good she would feel-right until she threw up all over him.

He'd taken the vomiting as a sign. Fate had not meant for them to be together then, just as he shouldn't be touching her now. Nothing had changed in all these years. Tomorrow he would be back in California, a crowd of admiring women around him. Even the most confident woman would be insecure when faced with having to be "the girlfriend" in such situations.

What would Gary say if he showed up to his film premiere with the girl next door? His publicist would spin it as "Mark Delaney takes his cousin to the red carpet event." Or would she turn it into a Cinderella story where the Hollywood bachelor falls for the pretty schoolteacher?

But Lacey wouldn't even want to go to those stupid parties or premieres. That wasn't her style. No, she would stay here, maybe fall in love with some lucky bastard. Thoughts of Lacey kissing the faceless man sent rage pumping through his veins.

She needed to be here. Teaching. Having a normal life. He didn't belong here with her, even if she felt way too good in his arms, fitting to the curves of his body with mind-numbing perfection as if she were made for his pleasure alone. He forced himself to let go of her, but couldn't stop kissing her. Not yet.

He didn't deserve her. He'd proven that when he'd left. Still, he knew she'd always be there for him, as she had when they were children. And after his Hollywood career faded, and he became a has-been, Lacey would stay by his side.

Unlike the other women he'd been involved with, she wasn't kissing him because he was Mark Delaney-she kissed him in spite of it.

Until now, Mark liked being on his own. Preferred it even. He wouldn't throw Lacey into the midst of paparazzi chases and flashing cameras. When she moaned and clung to him, her br**sts pressing into his chest, he bit back a groan. Time was up. If he didn't stop now-he might not be able to. With a massive amount of self-control, he pulled away from her, dropping his forehead to hers. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that."

"What?" She tensed in his arms. "Why not?"

His fake relationship with Sylvia Day flashed before his eyes, but that wasn't why he shouldn't have touched her. The real reason was simple. He wasn't the right guy for her. She deserved better. "I'm not right for you. I'm-"

She jerked out of his arms and lifted her chin up in the air. "A movie star who has every girl, and some boys, in Hollywood throwing their underwear at him? I get it. I'm plain, my boobs aren't silicone, and I don't hang on your every word. I mean, how could I possibly compare with the famous Julia that got paid to make out with you in Remember Me?"

"What? No. Don't be insane."

He rolled his hands into fists, resisting the urge to show her exactly how much he wanted her. Hell, she was everything he wanted and more. Which was why he had to stay away from her. She didn't need his brand of crazy in her peaceful life.

Not to mention, come tomorrow, news of his "relationship" with Sylvia would be all over the news. They'd already "leaked" the photos to Entertainment Tonight, who planned to air them tomorrow afternoon. Just in time for the movie premiere when he would show up with her on his arm, confirming all the rumors they'd planted.

When the news hit, Lacey would be livid. She would think he made a play for her while he was screwing another woman. That he'd lied to her about being single. She would despise him.

"Yeah, okay." She stared him down. "I get it, Mark. You don't have to sugarcoat it for me. You're not interested in anything more than an accidental kiss."

He swallowed hard. Should he let her think he didn't want her, and hurt her now, or tell her the truth? The idea of letting her think she wasn't good enough for him didn't sit well. "It's not true. I'm interested. Very, very interested."

She shook her head and stared at his chest. Somewhere in the vicinity of his third button if he wasn't mistaken. "You don't have to say anything. Really. It was a mistake. A simple kiss. Nothing more."

"No, damn it." He grabbed her hands in his. "It's not a simple kiss. I've wanted to kiss you ever since we were kids."

She scoffed. "Now I know you're lying. You never once tried to kiss me."

"I knew we wouldn't work together, so I kept my lips to myself." He sighed and tightened his fingers around hers, forcing her to pay attention to him. "And then tonight, when I saw you, it was like being punched in the gut. I can't think straight around you."

"That's supposed to be my line," she muttered, her face guarded. "I'm not the famous movie star in this fight."

"Jesus, Lacey. You know me. I'm still me underneath all this Hollywood bullshit. For the first time in my life, I feel like I could have more. I want more. Right now. More from you. More from myself."

She ran her thumbs over his hands, gentle and yet poignant. "Maybe you could have more? Maybe we could be more. We're from different worlds. Or ... we are now, anyway. I've been hurt too many times to blindly trust that you would be happy with me, after making out with Angelina Jolie. I just don't ... know."

"But what if we tried? What if you let me in?"

She looked up at him without speaking, studying him as if to expose all of his secrets. When she finally spoke, he almost wished she hadn't. "Let you in? I did let you in tonight, even though you could care less about how I've been. Tell me something, Mark. If you hadn't driven into a freaking ditch-would you have stopped by? Would you have even remembered me as you zoomed by in your Maserati, back to your wonderful life?"

He opened his mouth and then closed it-unable to lie to her, yet not wanting to tell her the truth, either. "I would've kept driving, but you don't even live here anymore. I knew that."

"Don't give me that excuse. If you wanted to see me, you could've asked Eve."

His eyes flashed. "I didn't-"

"Exactly. You didn't." She lifted her chin and stared him down, despite the tears shining in her eyes. "You were fine without me all of these years, and you'll be fine without me again. This is nothing more than old feelings being brought back to life. It's nothing."

"It's not nothing. We're not nothing." He grit his teeth, not willing to let her trivialize his feelings.

She shook her head slightly, her mouth pressed tight together. "I'm sorry if you got the wrong idea when I invited you to stay the night, but you need to realize I'm not some discarded toy you can pick back up when you decide I'm interesting again-only to throw me back out when you've finished with me."

"I wouldn't do that."

"How can I trust you after what you did?"

She tried to pass him, her eyes on the stairs behind him, but Mark stepped in her path and grabbed her hips. If he let her leave him, she would never come back downstairs. "Don't go."

She pressed her lips together tight and looked up at him with pleading eyes. What she pleaded for, he wasn't sure. For him to kiss her? For him to back off?

"Mark ..."

Pressing his hips against her, he showed her how very much he wanted her. Her eyes went wide, and she bit down on her bottom lip hard. Her involuntary gesture only made him harder. He longed to kiss away the teeth marks on her plump lip, to take away the sting. But he wouldn't. Shouldn't.

Forcing himself to concentrate, he met her eyes. "Christ. I want you so damn much. I've always wanted you. But tonight? Tonight it's eating me alive-ripping me open."

"Then why aren't you taking me? Why are we talking right now, instead of kissing? I'm not a kid anymore. If you want me-take me. I'm right here."

Oh, how he wanted to do exactly that. Rip the clothes off of her body and take her against the wall. He took a steadying breath. He needed to make her see that she was right all along-that he was no good for her. They wouldn't work. As much as he wished they could, it wasn't possible.

"I can't do that. I'm going back to my life tomorrow. How are you gonna feel when I'm gone?"

She narrowed her eyes. "Who said I wanted a relationship? I said you could have me-not keep me."

"You mean too much to me to sleep with you and leave."

"How hard could it be? You could go back to ignoring me as you have all these years."

He grit his teeth. "I wasn't ignoring you. I was busy."

"So you were too busy sleeping around to pick up a phone, or send a text letting me know how you were doing? I wrote you letter after letter, and you never sent even one word back. Do you know how hard it was to wait for Eve to offer up a tiny little morsel of information about you-while trying so hard to pretend I didn't give a damn?"

"Shit, Lacey, I'm sorry. I did write letters." He looked down at her tight mouth, his heart wrenching.

"Right, you wrote letters. I just didn't receive them. And the dog ate your homework too?" She took a step to the side, but he tightened his grip on her hips. "Let go of me. I don't want to talk anymore."

"I can't yet." He closed his eyes, trying to find a way to make her understand his reasoning. A way to make her forgive him, but he came back empty-handed and let go of her wrists. She wouldn't understand he hadn't cut ties with her out of spite or disinterest. For the past eight years, he'd been single. No one waited for him. He didn't have to answer to anyone about where he had been, or who he had been with. He was free, single, and loved every minute of it. And for that, he didn't have to apologize.

She headed for the stairs, her back stiff and head held high. As she reached the bottom step, she turned to him, her lip once again caught between her teeth. "I still don't get it."

He shoved his hands in his pockets, resisting the urge to chase after her and touch her again. Kiss her. Have her. "Get what?" he growled, his voice raspy and raw.

"You don't do relationships, but only want one night stands in your life? Nothing meaningful?"

He flinched. "Yes."

She blushed. "Then why did you stop kissing me? I wouldn't have stopped you if you hadn't pulled away. You could've had meaningless sex with someone you know for once, and I wouldn't have cared when you left me."

His heart twisted, while at the same time his erection screamed at him for denying himself what they both wanted. With her, she would always mean more to him than a meaningless f**k. Even if it's all he would be to her. If he gave into the temptation to take what she offered and leave in the morning, he would never be the same. She would haunt him night and day, and he'd be able to think of nothing else but her-and what they could be if only he'd had the balls to stay.

His gaze collided with hers, ripping out his heart with the confusion he saw in hers. "Because with you ... I can't do it. I won't."

"I see."

Let her take his response as she would, but it's the best he could give her tonight. If he told her the truth, he'd only be hurting them both. Come morning, he would be back in Hollywood-if he could get a tow truck out here. And from now on, even if he went to bed alone every night, she would picture him as a man-whore, sleeping his way through Hollywood one aspiring actress at a time. He'd seen to that, even though it hurt to say something so ruthlessly untrue. She didn't need him ruining any chance at a normal life she still had.

He'd go and f**k it up, just as he did every other relationship he'd ever attempted. She deserved better. So instead of chasing after her, he watched her walk away and up to bed. Alone.

Chapter Four

Lacey punched her pillow, angry with herself. Angry at life. Angry with Mark. Yeah, mostly angry with him. He could sleep with every floozy in Hollywood, but sleeping with her challenged his moral code?

They were stuck with each other until a tow truck could come to pull him out of the ditch. She would never get another shot at Mark Delaney again. Would it be so wrong to take advantage of the situation, and get some fun out of it? She wasn't a shy teenager anymore. Why deny herself hot sex with her longtime crush?

He might be trying to resist the tension between them out of some misplaced sense of honor, but now was not the time for chivalry. For years, she'd watched his movies, thought back on all of the time they had spent together. She'd always wondered what would happen if they saw one another again, what she would do.

Out of all the scenarios she'd imagined, not once had she thought he would refuse to touch her, or that she would let him. She couldn't allow him to leave without getting a taste of what could have been if he'd stayed. Lacey didn't want to look back on this night twenty years from now, and regret not having the nerve to tell him how she felt. She wanted him.

She swung out of bed, feet hitting the cold wood floor. The clock read one a.m. Despite stewing for three hours, Lacey didn't feel the least bit calmer. Even worse, he hadn't come knocking on her door, apologetic and horny. Mark had held his ground. He didn't want her. What was she doing? Surely she wasn't desperate enough to throw herself at him. To beg.

The hell she wasn't.

She opened her bedroom door, marched down the stairs, and into the living room. He sat on the couch watching a movie. He'd removed his jacket and striped shirt, and wore only his black pants. His tight abs, which she had admittedly suspected might have provided by a body double in his movies, taunted her. Teased her. Her fingers itched to trace the lines of each muscle. Longed to get the chance to know the intimate lines of his body.

A glass rested in his hands. The bottle was significantly emptier than when she had left. God, she hoped he wasn't plastered. Mark looked up at her through hooded lids, the champagne flute hanging loosely between his fingers. His dark brown hair stuck up in odd little places, reminding her of how he would always drag his hand through his hair when he got upset.

She plucked the glass out of his hand then set it on the table. He raised a brow but didn't speak. Instead, he lounged back on the couch and watched her. Reaching down, she lifted her oversized t-shirt over her head, letting it hit the floor beside her feet. Clothed in a red bra and matching panties, she lifted her chin and stared at him.

"What the hell? You n-need to put your shirt back on," he rasped. His eyes went wide, as he fisted his hands in his lap. His gaze slid down her body before snapping back to her face. The desire in his stare was so hot she pressed her thighs together to ease the ache he'd created.

"No." She shook her head slowly, walking toward him with purposeful steps. She hoped he couldn't tell how fast her heart was beating, or how unsteady her knees felt. "Can you tell me you don't want me? If you don't want me, then say so. I'll leave you alone. But if you do ..."

She drifted off, allowing him to finish the thought on his own since she doubted her own ability to do so. What if he noticed that beneath her bold act, she was nothing more than a fake? Lacey had never seduced a man, wasn't used to stripping down and demanding sex. But she couldn't back down now. She'd gone too far.

He let out a groan. "Of course I want you. But there's something you don't know. Tomorrow-"

She straddled his lap and pressed her finger across his lips. "No buts. Tonight, we just enjoy each other. No questions. No expectations of a future together. Just be mine for one night. My own personal Christmas present, delivered to my door. Mine."

He groaned and closed his hands around her waist, his jaw tight. She wasn't sure if he wanted to push her away, or pull her closer. "Lacey ..."

He pulled her down and smashed her lips down on his. He rolled her beneath him, his hands sliding into her hair. Delivering a fierce, possessive kiss, his teeth grazed her lower lip. She needed him to move faster. To not stop, or hesitate, or second-guess.

She ran her hands down his chest, fingers gliding across smooth sinew and muscle. He made a little sound in the back of his throat and continued to nibble on her lower lip. "Are you sure?" he asked, his lips moving up her chin, to her ear.

Was she sure? "Hell yes."

He didn't respond, but captured her lips again, softer this time. His hands slid down her neck, then traced the swell of her br**sts to the spot where her bra cups were attached to one another with a little red suede bow. Beneath his soft touch, her heart sped up, and she trailed her fingers from his abs to his hips. His erection brushed against her, but they still had too many clothes on for her to be satisfied.

He tore his mouth from hers and kissed a path down her neck, over her shoulder, and to her chest. When he reached behind to unclasp her bra, she arched her back and held onto his shoulders, marveling at the strength beneath her hands. He dropped her bra then claimed her lips again. His hands closed on her bare br**sts, squeezing gently. Her mind spun from the combination of his kiss, and her body shivered under his touch.

She moaned into his mouth, desire pooling in the center of her stomach. When he rolled her ni**les between his thumb and forefinger, she gasped at the force of pleasure he created. Digging her nails into his shoulders, she pulled him closer. Needing more. Needing him.

He seemed to get the message because he lowered his body against hers, his fingers working their magic as he deepened the kiss. He rubbed his erection against her, sending a deep shot of pleasure to her core. When he repeated the movement, she writhed in his arms.

She ran her hands down his toned back, stopping when she hit his waistband. Deciding he needed less clothing, and more skin to touch, she curled her hands around his sides and unzipped his pants. When she unbuttoned his pants, he released her lips to stand up and step out of them. Mark lowered his silk boxers, inch by slow inch, never taking his gaze from her. Her stomach clenched, and she lifted up on her elbows.

He stood naked, staring at her as if she was the most beautiful woman in the world, and she gulped in a deep breath of air. "I have condoms in my purse."

His gaze slid down her body, as if he had all the time in the world. With her luck, the tow truck guy would pick now to knock on the door. "Let me get it."

"It's on the table by the door."

He nodded and headed to the table, at complete ease with his nudity. He obviously worked very hard to look as good as he did since his job depended on it. His muscles flexed with each step, and she licked her parched lips as she admired him.

He returned with a condom, tilted her chin up, and closed his mouth over hers. She held onto his neck as he lifted her into his arms. He didn't break their contact even as he headed up the stairs and into her childhood bedroom.

When they entered the room, he headed straight for the bed and lowered Lacey onto it. Then Mark turned his attention to her shoulder. He ran his fingers down her stomach before pressing a soft kiss on her inner thigh. Her head spinning, she drew a deep breath and watched as he stepped back and opened the condom wrapper. Unable to tear her eyes away, she watched him roll the protective barrier over his erection. The sight of his hands on his own skin sent a pang of liquid desire to her stomach.

He crawled up her body until his lips were less than an inch from hers. Looking into her eyes, he whispered, "God, Lacey, I want you."

He didn't give her time to reply, even if she could've managed to muster up an intelligible sentence. His mouth closed over hers, and his fingers moved down her stomach, and over her hips. When he slipped his hand in between her thighs, she forgot to breathe. Forgot everything but Mark, and that moment.

He slid a finger inside of her, his thumb pressing against her as he continued to kiss her. She gasped into his mouth, lifting her hips. Her stomach clenched, and she clung to his hard arms, needing something to hold. He withdrew his finger and then inserted two, thrusting inside of her in one fluid movement.

She writhed beneath him, her body begging for more. He tore his mouth off hers, closing his eyes and cursing under his breath. The strained lines of his face told her more than anything how hard it was for him to hold himself back. To control his desire.

When he thrust his fingers inside her again, sending waves of pleasure through her veins, she dug her nails into his arms. "Don't hold back. I need you now."

His gaze flew to hers, his eyes wide. "But-"

"Now," she demanded, arching her hips in invitation.

He lowered his head and melded his lips to hers, and he adjusted his body so that instead of his fingers on her, his penis was there. She opened her legs wider, inviting him in. He put his hands on her hips, lifting her up to him. With one smooth movement, he was inside of her. Filling her. She cried out, wrapping her legs around him. He withdrew, and thrust into her again, harder. When he deepened his kiss and reached where they were joined, rubbing his thumb against her clit as he moved inside of her, a wave of heat spread through her, ringing her whole body to life.

Lacey tensed, all of her senses centered on him. On what he made her feel. Whimpering, she raised her hips even higher, taking more of him in. He groaned and broke free of her kiss, biting down on her shoulder gently. As he increased his pace, the pressure inside of her boiled over and threatened to erupt. All it took was one more thrust from him, and all the tension inside of her burst-sending her spiraling over the edge.

He threw his head back and thrust into her again, hard and deep. His whole body stiffened as he joined her, his climax sending a fresh wave of pleasure through her body. Tightening her arms and legs around him, she kissed his shoulder and closed her eyes. All of the times she'd wondered what it would be like to spend the night in his arms, to kiss him, and she never imagined anything even remotely as amazing as this.

She licked her lips. "That was ..."

"Amazing?" He kissed her. "Incredible?" Another kiss. "Mind-blowing?" He lifted on his elbows and grinned down at her.

"Yeah, I think you pretty much covered it," she said, running her finger down the line of his jaw. "You've always been better at expressing your emotions than me."

"And you've always been better at everything else." A cell phone rang downstairs, shrill in the silence of the house. Mark stiffened above her, his body tensing. He lifted his head, his eyes shuttered and his jaw tight. "Fucking, Gary. Always has the worst timing."

She felt the wall coming up between them before he even withdrew from her body. His real life called, and they wanted their hot, unattached, Hollywood playboy back. "Go ahead." She let go of him, unwrapping her legs from his waist. "Answer it."

"It's just my agent wanting to know where I am," he said, his voice husky. "I have to take this call, but then we can talk."

She nodded, her heart taking flight, but she refused to let him see how much his words alarmed her. "I'll be here waiting."

He dropped a quick kiss to her lips, then hopped off the bed and tossed the condom into the trashcan by the door. As she watched him leave, she sighed and rolled onto her side. She heard him pick up the phone and say something about being in Colorado before he lowered his voice. The urge to listen to his conversation came over her. Seeking a distraction, she turned on the TV. The picture focused, and she smiled when she recognized the person on the screen.

He was naked and in her living room-and all hers for the night.

Chapter Five

Mark sprinted down the stairs, his steps light. Tonight, Lacey had made him feel alive again. As if he wasn't just a man moving from role-to-role in life, never feeling real. Never wanting anything besides success in his career. With her, he wanted all of the things he'd managed to convince himself he didn't.

With her, he actually lived, instead of just being alive.

And as soon as he got off the phone with his agent, he'd tell her how she made him feel. It might be hard to coordinate, but he wanted her all to himself. They could find a way to make it work. He could live in Colorado in between movies and press tours, and maybe she could come visit him if he had to travel during the summer since she wouldn't have to teach.

Somehow, someway, they would make it work. The alternative wasn't acceptable to him. This feeling he had in his heart, warming his whole body? It had to be love-or at least the beginnings of love. He couldn't think of another word for it. Since he'd moved to California, he'd avoided her because he'd known without a doubt he would fall in love with her if he saw her again-and not be able to walk away. He hadn't been ready for her back then. But now he wanted so much more.

He dug his phone out of his pocket. "Hello?"

"Tell me you'll be here in time for the premiere tomorrow, despite the snowstorm I warned you about, or I'll be locating you via GPS and dragging you here on Santa's sleigh if I have to."

Mark rolled his eyes and collected his pants. Something about having this conversation bare-assed naked didn't seem right. "Gary. You do realize it's two o'clock in the morning, right?"

The sigh coming through his cell was so loud his phone vibrated. "Yes, I know the time very well. Just as I now know you're not on a plane home. Thanks for the heads up, by the way."

"I didn't want to interrupt your Christmas."

"You should've."

"Sorry for being thoughtful," he muttered.

"Stop playing games. Can you get here, or not?"

Mark rubbed his eyes and yawned. Right now he wanted nothing more than a good night's sleep wrapped up in Lacey's arms. "There aren't any flights out, and my Maserati is in a ditch. Unless you can charter a plane for me, I'm stuck in Colorado."

"Why didn't you charter your own plane already? Damn it, I told you not to go."

Because he hadn't wanted to. Because he was with Lacey-and he didn't really want to leave. He grit his teeth. "And I told you not going wasn't acceptable. Christmas away from her is not okay."

"So you should've flown her out here."

"She couldn't come." Mark dragged his hand through his hair and sat down. He needed to at least try to focus on getting to California on time for his premiere, even if he wanted nothing more than to crawl back into bed with Lacey and forget the rest of the world existed. "Look, is there any way you can get a private jet to come get me?"

"I might be able to arrange something early in the afternoon, after the roads are cleared and the runways are safe." Gary sighed. "Are you somewhere warm and dry tonight?"

Mark looked over his shoulder then lowered his voice. "Yeah, I'm at an old friend's house. She's letting me stay until I can get a tow truck out here."

"She?"

"Yes. She."

"Don't let this f**k up your night tomorrow. You and Sylvia are a couple now."

Mark closed his eyes, picturing the bombshell beauty he was supposed to be madly in love with for the next six months. "Yeah, about that."

"Uh-uh. Stop it right there. You're not backing out of this one. As a matter of fact, Entertainment Tonight has already run the story."

Mark's heart dropped to his feet. "What? They're not supposed to air the news until tomorrow." Panic crept up his spine, immobilizing him. How would he explain this to Lacey?

"They were supposed to wait until tomorrow, but they were afraid TMZ would beat them to it, so it's too late for doubts now. Where does this 'old friend' live, under a rock? If not, then you can bet your ass she already knows. The whole world knows about the two of you. They all saw the photos of you two making out in Cabo."

The staged make out session that looked real enough in the photos. They'd made sure of it, choreographing it like one of his films. Afterward, Sylvia had tried to make it even more realistic, but he'd sent her back to her own room. "You need to fix this."

"There's nothing to fix."

"The hell there isn't." Mark stood up and clutched the phone so tight it should've snapped in two. "I just spent the last hour in the arms of the perfect woman for me, and I'm not about to see it get ruined because of some story running in the tabloids."

"Well, maybe you should've thought of the repercussions of your actions before climbing into bed with her."

Mark clenched his jaw. "You need to come up with a suitable story to make the Cabo thing look false, or outdated, or whatever. I don't care what the f**k you do, but get together with Pam to find a way to make it go away."

"Are you sure you want me to tell your publicist about this? She worked hard on this deal." Gary hesitated, and Mark could practically feel his frustration through the phone. "Hell, we all worked a long time to come up with this one. Sylvia's PR firm won't be happy with us, either."

Of course they wouldn't. She'd hoped to use him to launch herself to fame. Though he hadn't minded before, he wasn't about to lose Lacey over a bogus relationship. They'd have to come up with a new plan that didn't include him. "She can rebound with another hot star. They can say we were dating for a few months, but broke up recently. She can still get attention out of the deal. But word can't get out we're together, or I'll lose-"

"Lose what, Mark?"

Mark froze; dread forming a hard knot in his stomach at the sound of Lacey's voice. He turned around slowly, even though he knew he hadn't imagined the soft words, or the accusation behind them. He hung up on Gary without saying another word, his eyes locked on Lacey's pale face. She'd put on some sweats and a tank top, and wrapped her arms around her stomach. Pressing her lips tight together, she eyed him from across the room.

The way she was looking at him hurt more than anything she could say and made him feel ill. That look was what he had been trying to avoid. That look was why he should never have let things go as far as they had, despite his feelings for her. Or maybe because of his feelings for her.

"It's not what you think," Mark said. How pathetic did those simple words sound coming out of his lips? Guilt tinged his words, making his excuse sound lame and ineffective. "I can explain everything."

She shook her head. "I don't want your explanations. I saw you on TV, with that woman's arms around your neck, your lips on hers. How dare you tell me you're single when you're not? I can't believe you lied to me."

"I'm not with her. It's all a publicity stunt." He held his hands out and approached her. "My PR firm likes to keep the paparazzi buzzing with news about me, so if I'm boring for too long, they create stories to make me more interesting. It's all an attempt to drum up interest in the upcoming movie release."

"Don't come another step closer to me." She glowered at him, waiting for him to stop approaching her. "I heard you talking to your agent about her. About how you had to hide the relationship from me."

"The fake relationship." His heart hurt with the knowledge that he was about to lose her, when he'd just figured out how much she meant to him. "It's all fake, like a role I was playing. It didn't mean anything. She doesn't mean anything."

She shook her head, her eyes filled with tears. "I'm not listening to another word. It's your job to lie well enough to make people believe you. Why would I believe a single word that comes out of your mouth? I should have known it was all a lie."

"I'm not lying," he said. His voice cracked on the last word, and he swallowed past his throbbing throat. "I wouldn't do something so horrible to you."

"But you did. You've turned me into the type of person I hate most." She lifted her chin, looking down her nose at him. "You had sex with me when you knew you were taken by someone else. I've been cheated on enough to know how it feels, and I would never knowingly hurt another person like that. Not after what Joe did to me."

"Damn it, I know that. She's not my girlfriend," he snapped. His whole world was about to crumble at his feet, a world he never thought he could've ever had, and he couldn't do a damn thing to stop it. "She's one of the women in my life I mentioned who want to use my success to further their career. Nothing more."

"I saw the two of you together on the beach," she cried out, her face turning red. After taking a deep breath, she continued on in a calmer manner, "I saw you kissing her. There's no faking that."

"It was all for the cameras."

"Did you play a role tonight? The hero comes back to his small town, looking to screw the girl who used to be so obviously in love with him? I was okay with our arrangement, really. But not this."

Love? She loved him? "With you, there has never been, nor will there ever be, a need to act. Everything I said and did. I would never lie to you."

His voice broke on the last word, sounding pathetic. He might be able to say all the lines in his movies without breaking, but this wasn't just a role. This was real life, and he was about to lose the best thing he'd ever known. What was he doing? Why had he gone and selfishly taken advantage of the situation? Taken advantage of her?

"You're right. There won't be a time you'll need to act around me ever again." She tossed her hair over her shoulder. "After tomorrow, I'm never going to see you again. Thanks for the night of sex-now leave me the hell alone."

He stumbled after her, his heart breaking in two. He grabbed a hold of her arm, stopping her retreat. "You have to believe me. I'm not seeing Sylvia. I haven't been seeing anyone for years."

"Yeah, I know. You just sleep with them." She shook free of his hold, her eyes shining with unshed tears. Grabbing her keys off the table, she unclasped the keychain he gave her and threw it in the fireplace. For a second, they both stood there watching the memento burn. She clenched her fists and turned back to him. "I'm finally done with you. Now, you're free to go back to your girlfriend-fake or real."

He ripped his attention from the last sign of her affection for him, burning into ashes in the fire. There would be time to grieve later-but that time was not now. "You can burn everything I've ever given you, but it won't change a damn thing. I don't want to be with her. I don't want to be with anyone except you. All this time, and I only want you."

"I don't believe you."

He growled low in his throat, red tinting his vision. How could he make her see that it was her he wanted? Her, and no one else? "I'm yours, Lacey. Hell, I've always been yours. I didn't want to be with anyone until the second I saw you tonight." He shoved his hands into his pockets because it was the only way he'd be able to stop himself from touching her. "Something led me here tonight, led me to you. I don't know if it was fate, or luck. But now that I'm here, now that we've reconnected, it's all I want. I don't want to lose you."

"I've been in this town the whole time. You didn't need to search for me. All you needed to do was come home," she snapped. "You didn't want to find me, but now I'm supposed to believe you can't let go of me? That you want me to stay with you?"

He dragged a hand through his hair. "When you say it like that, of course it doesn't make any sense. Nothing that's happened since I walked through that door makes any sense. Neither does love."

"Love?" Her eyes went wide, and she yanked free. She shoved his shoulders hard, and he stumbled backward. "Now you're taking this too far. You don't love me. How dare you stoop so low? Are you trying to play on my emotions so I'll go easy on you? If so, Hollywood really has changed you. I don't even know you anymore."

He ran his hands down his face and let out a harsh breath. "I don't have another word for it. I saw you, and I knew nothing would be the same again. All these years, you've never been far from my mind. Never. And I never wanted to hurt you. It's the last thing I would ever want to do. Eve told me how you were living in a shell ever since Joe. How you wouldn't let anyone close to you-but you let me in. That has to be for a reason. It can't mean nothing."

"Yeah, well, a lot of good that did for me. I should've slammed the door shut in your face." She swiped a tear away, and his heart twisted. He'd made her cry. "I'm going to my room. I want you to call the tow truck first thing in the morning, and then I want you the hell out of this house."

She headed up the stairs, her back straight and her head high. If not for the way she gripped the banister, her knuckles white from the force, he wouldn't have guessed she was upset at all. He strode to the bottom of the stairs and watched her walk away from him. Watched her leave him.

He had to try at least one more time. Had to make her see he wasn't with Sylvia, and his heart belonged to her alone. "I do love you. I don't have a doubt in my mind. I might be an actor that is good at faking things, and therefore an ass**le in your eyes, but I know what I feel. And I know you care about me, too. I know you're scared to believe me, but I'm telling the truth. I'm not with her. I want to be with you."

She stopped at the top of the stairs. "Give me one good reason to trust you."

"Have I ever lied to you before?"

"Yes." She turned around and met his eyes, tears streaming down her cheeks. "You told me you would write to me, and you never did."

And just like that, his last shred of hope unraveled and fell to the floor. He couldn't say anything to that. Nothing that would change her mind. "I'm sorry," he said, knowing he'd lost. Knowing he had already broken her trust. "I really am."

She bit her lip. "It doesn't change anything."

"What can I do to prove myself? Please. Tell me what I can do."

"Short of broadcasting it on national television? Not a damn thing."

He shook his head. He couldn't do that. "I can't say it was a publicity stunt. They'd eat both of us alive, and both of our PR firms would flip."

"We couldn't have anything so horrible happen, now could we?" she asked softly, her hands rolled into fists. "Just go away, and go back to Hollywood where you belong, Mark. You sure as hell don't belong here anymore."

His shoulders drooped as he helplessly watched her stalk down the hallway and into her room. The echo of the door slamming behind her shook him out of his regret and pain. Her words couldn't be truer. He lived in a world where no one ever told the truth, and every move was calculated and designed for the best possible publicity. The only time he'd ever broken from tradition and did something for the sheer pleasure of it was tonight, in Lacey's arms. He hadn't felt so alive in years. Eight long, long years. And now he was supposed to just let her walk away? Now he should go back to living the life of a zombie, as good as dead, with nothing inside of him but schedules, appearances, and movie dates?

He couldn't. Wouldn't.

Chapter Six

Lacey leaned against the door, closed her eyes and listened to the sound of her heart hammering in her ears. At least it drowned out the small voice whispering, "He's telling the truth. Don't screw this up now." But when she'd seen him on TV, making out with a perfect blonde, something inside her broke. Some small part of her had been hoping when he returned to bed he'd tell her he loved her, or wanted to try to make their relationship into something real.

Something more than the fling it was.

Foolish? Yes. But she couldn't deny she would've been happy to hear him say the words. But instead, she got a cold, hard dose of reality thrown in her face. It was more effective than a bucket of ice water could have been in reminding her how unrealistic her dreams were. Even if they did become a couple, how long until he traded her in for a better, prettier, more famous person? Why would he tie himself down to one boring schoolteacher from Colorado, no matter how close they had been in the past?

When he dared to mention love to her, she wanted to slam her hands over her ears and shut him out before he broke what little part of her heart she still owned. She'd been sure it couldn't fracture more than it already had, but he'd proven her wrong. Apparently, when it came to Mark, she had plenty of heart to go around. Why had he said he loved her? Why did he bother to try and convince her of his love, when he so obviously wasn't looking to stay in her life?

Even if he told her the truth about being single, he would still have to return to California. He would still return to the parties, booze, and women. How long would it be before he was naked in someone else's bed? Hours? Weeks? Months? No, she wasn't going to put herself through the heartache.

The doorknob jiggled behind her and she jumped forward in surprise. Reaching out, she fumbled with the lock in an attempt to latch it before he could open the door. But it was too late. Mark shoved through the narrow opening, his jaw hard and his eyes intent on her. She backed away from him, her heart racing. She knew that look all too well. It was the same one he would get when the rival football team came to town. But this was no game, and Lacey was nobody's prize.

"I told you to leave me alone," she said, thankful her voice had come out steady. "I'm done talking to you."

He shut the door behind him. "Well, I'm not done talking. If you don't want to say another word, then don't. But I'll talk anyway. I've never been one to give up easily, and I'm not about to do so now."

He walked toward her, slow and steady, but she backed up more. When her legs hit the bed, she sank down on it and clutched the bedspread in her fists. Stubbornly, she refused to say anything.

He stopped when he reached the bed, his feet squared off with hers. "I do love you. I'm even willing to wait until you feel the same about me."

She rolled her eyes. "Gee, how thoughtful of you."

"I don't think it will take very long, because no one can hide their feelings from me. I'm like a human lie detector, and I know you have feelings for me." She opened her mouth to deny feeling anything but anger for him, but he continued on. "I also know you know I wouldn't sleep with you if I was with someone else. You know I'm telling the truth, but you won't let yourself believe me. You know what I think? I think you're punishing me for not writing to you like I said I would. Punishing the stupid boy I was, instead of accepting me here and now."

"I didn't realize you earned a psychology degree while you were away," she muttered, staring at her lap.

"Do you deny that, despite your doubts at first, you realize I'm not with her?"

She opened her mouth ready to deny the truth. To lie through her teeth. But instead she said, "I don't even know anymore."

He dropped to his knees, looking up at her from the floor wearing nothing more than a pair of black pants. "I love you, Lacey. I've always loved you, but didn't want to be tied down to anyone or anything. I didn't want a relationship getting in the way of my career, competing with it. It wouldn't have been fair to you, and I knew it. Even when I got here tonight, I tried to remind myself how selfish it is to want you. To have you."

She finally looked at him reluctantly. His eyes were clear and earnest, and she could hear the sincerity in his voice. Was he right? Was she refusing to believe him because she was scared of what would happen to them when he went back to Hollywood? Of course she was.

But how could a relationship between them work?

He extracted her hands from the death grip she had on the comforter and kissed her fingers. "I know it's scary to think about dating someone in the public eye, and I know I'm asking a lot. But selfishly ..." He paused, and for a minute Lacey thought he was going to take it all back. She held her breath. "I can't resist asking you anymore. Having had you, and tasted you, I can't possibly walk away. I love you, and I want to be with you. I want to let everyone in the entire world know I'm taken, and it's real."

She clung to his hands, unable to believe the words coming out of his mouth. Only one week ago, she'd seen him making eyes at and exchanging sweet nothings with the actress on the screen in his latest film. All the women in the theater melted, and the men rolled their eyes. She had clutched her heart. But this declaration? This blew the other speech out of the water and decimated it.

"Mark."

"Sh. Let me finish before you say no. I have to tell you how much I've always cared about you. I wrote you a dozen letters in the first month after I left, each one begging you to come visit me over Christmas vacation. Each one begging you to move to California, be my roommate." He paused again, seeming to search for the right words. "I-I ripped them all up and threw them away. You had your own life here. You were normal, and fun, and free. Already, within my first year in California, my time was not my own. My time was planned and plotted and calculated. It still is.

"And I was okay with it. I really was. But being with you for such a short time reminded me what it felt like to be alive. To live life, and laugh, and feel something in here." He pressed her hands to his chest. "I feel so much when I'm with you, and it's something I've never forgotten. Something I was too scared to examine, even when we were kids.

"I knew it wouldn't be fair to start anything because I wasn't ready to commit to you. I knew if I had held you in my arms, I wouldn't have wanted to leave."

She hesitated, her mind spinning. Was he saying what she thought he was saying? That he wanted to be with her? Actually make a go of an impossible relationship? "And now? Now you're ready?"

"Yes." He dropped her hands and cupped her cheeks, pressing a light kiss to her lips. Pulling back, he stroked her jaw with his thumbs. "I'm here, and I can't imagine wanting to leave your side ever again. I'm ready to commit myself wholly to you, and you'll never doubt my dedication. Never doubt my feelings. I was not, I repeat, not in a relationship with Sylvia. Nor have I ever been. I've been single ever since I walked away from you."

She blinked at him. "Wait, what? But Angie-"

"Fake."

"Sandy?"

"Fake."

"Wow." She bit her bottom lip and looked up at him, unable to believe this was happening. Unable to let herself hope it could work. "But I know how busy you are, and I know you can't move here with me. And I can't move to California. My parents are here. My life is here. It can't work."

He shook his head, his jaw tight. "None of it matters. Not if you want to be with me. If you'll let me show you how happy I could make you be, I promise you'll want for nothing. I don't have to live in California. Plenty of celebrities live in different states. Yeah, I'll have to leave to film movies and go on publicity tours around the world, but I can live here. I can be here, if you want me to be."

"You would move here? For me?"

His lips twitched, and he slid his hands into her hair. "Honey, I would do anything for you. All you have to do is say yes."

She sighed. "It would never work. The town closes down at nine at night-when Hollywood is just waking up. The highlight of the season? The Christmas party at school. Santa comes, the kids have a blast, and the whole town shows up. Do you remember how bored you were? If you don't, I do."

"I don't care about any of that anymore."

"You say that now, but wait until you have to drive thirty minutes for a Starbucks. Or twenty to the closest bar. You wouldn't be happy here."

He narrowed his eyes. "You're continuing to tell me how I feel-yet not listening to a word I say about the subject. I'm not the same kid you knew. I'd be happy because I'd be with you. Can't you believe me?"

Could she dare to take a leap of faith? Could she not? Her heart sped up as she thought about what they could have together. What they could be to each other. There was no denying he was right about her feelings for him. They'd never died, and now that she'd spent a night in his arms, they never would. If anything, they'd get stronger. It would be much stronger than a desire, but a need. Even now, she longed to close her arms around him and make love to him again. And again. And again.

If she said yes, she could have that, and so much more. If she said yes, she'd have his heart and his love. She'd have Mark Delaney.

"Yes," she whispered, unable to make her voice louder. She cleared her throat, trying to dislodge the lump that had formed there, and tried again, this time in a louder, surer voice. "Yes."

"Thank God," he said, his eyes shining. "If you'd said no, I might have made a fool out of myself crying in your lap, begging you to change your mind."

She choked on a laugh. "No crying necessary."

He tugged her close and melded his mouth to hers, his tongue touching hers as soon as she parted her lips. She pulled him closer, laying back on the mattress and bringing him with her, needing to feel his weight on her. Needing to feel him. He tore his mouth free and smoothed her hair off her face. Looking deep into her eyes, he asked, "What are you doing tomorrow? Got any plans?"

Didn't he know she had different plans for those lips than mere words? Disappointed he stopped kissing her to talk, she blinked up at him. "Uh, no?"

She watched his mouth form the words, but had a hard time focusing on the actual words themselves. She shook her head, forcing herself to pay attention. He smiled down at her. "... And you do now. You're flying to California with me."

Huh? "I c-can't fly to California. I have to watch Tinkerbell."

"I'm sure I can get Eve to do it. Come to my premiere with me." He pressed a kiss to the corner of her mouth. "We'll buy you an amazing dress." He kissed the other corner of her mouth. "And killer shoes."

This time he pressed a long, hard kiss to her lips, his fingers trailing down her side, and getting close to her br**sts. By the time he pulled away, she forgot what he was asking for in the first place.

"And we'll tell the whole world I'm taken by the most amazingly gorgeous, kind, caring, generous woman in the world. I'll tell everyone I am in love, and couldn't be happier," he vowed. "I'll even jump on a couch to let everyone know how happy you make me."

She choked on a strangled laugh. "Oh, God, please no."

"Fine. No couch jumping." He brushed his lips against hers, teasingly soft. "But only if you say you'll come. Will you come?"

She cupped his cheeks, unable to believe that any of this was happening. All of her dreams, coming true right before her eyes. Tears blurred her vision but she blinked them away impatiently. She wanted to see him far too badly to allow anything to obscure her sight. "Yes."

"Good." He moved to kiss her again, but she put her fingers over his lips. "Did you really have a lot of one night stands, or did you make that part up?"

He raised a brow. "Define a lot."

"Mark," she said, her tone holding just enough threat to make him tell her the truth. "Tell me."

He turned a little bit pink. "I might have exaggerated a little bit to make you want nothing to do with me. I haven't sworn off sex or anything, but it wasn't a different woman every night like I insinuated. So, I guess I did lie to you tonight."

"That's one lie I can live with." She grinned up at him. "And you're right."

He raised a brow. "About?"

She took a deep breath and met his eyes. "Me and my feelings. I do love you. It sounds crazy after being apart for so long, but I loved you back then-and I love you now."

His eyes watered, and he kissed her forehead. "Okay, I was wrong before. I thought I couldn't be happier a minute ago, but then you said you loved me. Now? Now I couldn't be happier."

She blinked back tears. "Then come here, and let's see how much happier I can make you. I have a few ideas on how I could-"

When his lips closed over hers, cutting her off, she clung to him. She couldn't believe her lonely Christmas turned into the best day of her life. Couldn't believe the snowstorm had not only brought her the white Christmas she always loved to see, but it had also brought her an unexpected present, too.

Mark was officially her best Christmas gift ever.<br/>

