1

SEVEN YEARS AGO

Holly Starr wished she weren't the daughter of a Las Vegas magician. She wished her dad hadn't changed his name from Stuckenschneider to Starr when he broke into the business. She wished he hadn't drafted her last autumn to assist him in his headlining casino act. He'd said he wanted her to learn the biz so she could take over as the magician someday. The prospect excited her. But in the meantime, she had to play showgirl, which was not exciting at all. It was mortifying. He made her wear a tacky 1970s-style spangled bikini that matched her mom's. She was fourteen years old, for God's sake. Some of her friends still didn't dare wear a bikini to the pool. Granted, other friends told her (at least to her face) that they'd kill to be on a casino stage six nights a week like her, in the heat of the spotlight and the fever of the adult playground a few miles from their high school. But the more common attitude, especially among the older, cooler kids, children of doctors and lawyers and artists, was disdain for all things Vegas-including Holly, whom they looked down on as a freak with no future, like those double-jointed girls from Bulgaria who hung around the bathroom in the science wing and smoked cigarettes and stuck nails into their noses. She wished she were plain old Holly Stuckenschneider, ninth grader, perhaps a majorette in the marching band, definitely Elijah Brown's girlfriend. But she wasn't. She was Holly Starr, magician's assistant. Her scantily clad likeness was blown up ten times larger than life on a billboard advertising her dad's act over Interstate 15.

And now she could levitate. It was a bad end to a bad day in her bad life, she thought, as she used her mind to lift her parents' mod leather couch and matching chairs and rearrange them to her liking as if they were plastic furnishings in a Barbie Townhouse, all from her vantage point floating in the air next to the living room chandelier.

To think, this had started as the best day of her life. First period at school, Elijah Brown had asked her to the ninth-grade prom. All school year she'd looked forward to the bell every morning because Elijah would stumble into the classroom half a second late. His clothes were as consistent as a uniform: faded jeans and a rock band T-shirt. His too-long sandy brown waves were mussed and generally mashed on one side like he hadn't bothered to detangle them after rolling out of bed. Maneuvering down the row, he would look the guy in the first desk up and down as if he'd never seen him before, and give the same look to the second guy, constantly blinking as if he couldn't quite wake up. Then he would look at her and his sleepy green eyes would widen, and he'd smile. "Hey, Holly," he'd say, sending a rush through her as he slid into the desk behind her.

Her friends agreed he was hot, but Holly felt a special connection with him. Elijah's mom was a blackjack dealer at the same casino where Holly's dad put on his nightly act. Elijah worked there himself after school, learning the carpentry trade. Holly imagined he understood the casino experience as she did-not as a vice to be pined for, or a sin to be avoided, but a job. He was the only boy in school who greeted her like he was a friend, not a lecher, and never made her feel like a freak for wearing a spangled bikini to work.

And if she'd ever had a chance with him, it was now. The ninth-grade prom coming up in April gave vulnerable fourteen-year-old boys that extra push they needed to ask girls out-even quiet boys, even dreamy boys with green eyes. Finally came the day when Elijah shuffled into the classroom on the bell, gazed at the guy in the first desk, squinted at the guy in the second desk, looked at her, and smiled. This time, instead of saying, "Hey, Holly," he asked, "Hey, Holly?" He wanted her to go to the prom with him, and he wanted her cell phone number.

In the break between second and third periods, she told her friends she had a prom date with Elijah Brown. They squealed and demanded to know what she would wear. Major dilemma! How could she dress for the prom and avoid looking like she was headed for work? She would need the only prom gown ever made with no sequins.

At lunch she cheered up, because Elijah texted her.

Making sure I input ur # right? Im in algebra. Have a good lunch. Tip: mac and cheese / strange consistency / plz avoid.

Holly's mom didn't give her lunch money. She made Holly bring yogurt and a banana from home. Warily Holly eyed the mac and cheese on someone else's plate, then texted Elijah back.

# is right! Thx for checking. Stick w me: I am going to be a magician someday and I will teach u to change mac and cheese into Fritos.

Every day after lunch she looked forward to waving at Elijah as their paths crossed in the hall. She usually stressed out about the encounter and checked her makeup in her compact, letting her friends think she was vain in general, not for a specific guy. Today the bell rang to end lunch before she was ready. She probably had granola in her teeth. She hugged her friends good-bye and stepped alone into the cacophony of the hallway--and there he was, already walking toward her and grinning. His friend walking beside him was still talking. The friend hadn't figured out yet that Elijah's attention and his eyes were on her. Now the friend realized he'd lost Elijah and started pulling at him, teasing him.

Without looking at his friend, Elijah extended his arm-the sleeve of his T-shirt fell away to show Holly the toned biceps he'd developed working out for the high school lacrosse team-and shoved his friend into the crowd, where he was swept away by the current of students headed to fifth period. Elijah leaned against a locker in front of her.

"Hey, Holly," he said. "I didn't know you wanted to be a magician."

She smiled so wide that the corners of her mouth ached, as if she were onstage. But for once, her smile wasn't fake. Heart racing, she backed against the locker, too, and asked, "Do you like magic?"

He pursed his lips, suppressing a smile, and said coyly, "I've never seen any magic."

"You've never come to my show?" she exclaimed, feigning outrage. She was a little hurt that he'd worked at the casino at least as long as she had, yet he'd never sought out her performance, such as it was. The next second she realized she did not want him to see this unfashionable holdover that should have been canceled about the same time the Stardust casino was demolished, and she should not have called it her show. She hadn't meant to claim ownership of her parents' old-school charade.

"I've wanted to," he said, "but the guys at work won't let me." His half smile told her he was teasing her just a little, but he seemed so focused on her and so earnest that she knew he was telling her the truth. "We're allowed in shows when a prop needs fixing. Yours is the only show at the casino that's never broken."

"Ha! Irony. It's broken, all right, but we make and repair everything ourselves because my dad doesn't want to give away any of his trade secrets." She wiggled her fingers spookily on trade secrets because her dad talked about them like they were the Headless Horseman. "But if you want to see some magic ..."

"I do," he said quickly. He kept smiling at her, but a blush crept across his cheeks, as if he really liked her but was afraid of looking too eager because then she wouldn't like him as much-exactly what she was thinking about him.

She inched closer, feeling her own face grow hot. "The other shows around town send my parents complimentary tickets. Sometimes I take my girlfriends with me to the matinee on Saturday, but if you're not working-"

"Yes!"

"You're working?" Holly asked, determined to stay cool through her disappointment.

"No! Yes." He closed his eyes and swallowed. When he looked at her again, his bravado was back. "Yes, I would love to go with you on Saturday. Are you doing research for your future act?"

"Yeah, well ..." She glanced sidelong at him. He was still listening. "I start talking about this and I feel like the youngster at the family cheese business who's going to implement all these newfangled, more efficient manufacturing practices and ultimately ruin the family's tradition of handcrafted cheese. But I swear, my parents are doing essentially the same act they've been performing for a decade and a half. Audiences keep paying to see it because nobody can figure out how my dad levitates. He gets written up in the guidebooks as one of the ten biggest mysteries of Las Vegas."

"Really!"

"Yes," Holly said proudly. "He is number four. But at some point, my parents have got to update their act, make it more hip and stylish. Otherwise the crowd will start skipping magic altogether in favor of Cirque du Soleil. But my parents won't listen to me. When I have my own act, I can do what I want, and it will be so cool!"

He narrowed his eyes at her, as if squinting would help him see her more clearly.

"Does that make sense?" she asked, losing her confidence.

"Yeah, but I don't think it's like cheese." He grinned.

As the bell rang to tell them they were late for class, they said a quick good-bye and dashed in opposite directions. Scooting down the hall to math, she marveled that the entire population of the school had cleared out and settled into their desks without her noticing because she'd been so absorbed in Elijah's gaze. He seemed too easy, standing so close over her, looking so hot, saying such perfect things. She was in heaven. More of his texts floated her through school, through the ballet class her mom insisted she attend to improve her poise onstage, and through her homework, reading the last act of Romeo and Juliet.

It was Monday, her family's one night off from the casino. Her parents had plans for dinner at an expensive restaurant where it was nearly impossible to get reservations, then cocktails at a high-end club that Holly's friends would have killed to sneak into. But the Starrs were down-to-earth. Her mom had sighed when she came in from tending the desert garden around their mansion to get ready for the outing. Her dad had been pissed when he realized he would miss the Lakers game. They dressed up in public and occasionally made appearances like this because looking like they were made of money was good for the magic business.

Before they left, her mom made Holly's dinner (salad with edamame for protein, whole wheat toast, no butter-"We showgirls have to watch our figures, you know") and sat down with her to make sure she ate it.

"How was school?" her mom asked conversationally as she frowned at her manicure, touching red polish to nicks in her long nails.

Holly swallowed a bite. What she wouldn't give for a hamburger for dinner, just once! But even edamame tasted okay on the best day of her life. "Elijah Brown asked me to the ninth-grade prom." She tried to say this casually. She didn't want to let on how much she liked him, lest she earn herself a lecture on Safe Sex while trying to down her rabbit food. "Maybe you know his mom? She's a dealer at the casino. He's so cute and really nice, Mom. Could you pleeeease take me shopping for a prom dress next Saturday morning? And I invited him to go with me to the show that sent us tickets for the matinee, if that's okay."

Holly's mom was younger than Holly's friends' moms. The downside was that Holly's friends wanted to know whether her mom had been an Unwed Pregnant Teen. Holly thought this was likely, considering how often she got the Safe Sex lecture. But she didn't know for sure. Her parents refused to talk about that or where they came from or anything concerning their family's origins. They fostered the notion that they were magical gypsies who'd materialized out of thin air-and they were, as far as Holly knew. On the other hand, the upside of having a young mother was that she was still very pretty, if you could see past her thick showgirl makeup.

Now, for the first time, Holly's mom looked old. As Holly watched, her mom's face fell into wrinkles Holly had never noticed. Then her mom shouted, "Peter!"

"What?" Holly's dad walked in, his muscled chest bare.

Without taking her eyes off Holly, her mom said carefully, "Elijah Brown asked Holly to the ninth-grade prom, and she invited him on her own date."

Holly's dad's hands balled into fists. "You're not going," he boomed.

Holly was shocked. She'd half expected the Safe Sex lecture. She definitely had not expected this decree, as if she'd done something wrong. She'd never gone on a real date before, but she had to go sometime. "Yes, I am," she insisted.

"No, you're not," her parents said simultaneously. Her dad added, "Not with Elijah Brown, you're not."

"What's the matter with Elijah Brown?" Holly had never heard a single bad thing about him.

Her parents looked at each other.

"Just what you said." Holly's mom twisted her largest diamond ring around on her finger. "His mother is a dealer at the casino. We can't have you fraternizing with the son of a dealer. We have a certain image to uphold."

"That doesn't make sense," Holly said. "The diamonds, and the date at the fancy restaurant, and your matching fur coats in March-all that is for the cameras, for the public. It's not real. Elijah is real."

Her parents looked at each other again.

"You are our child," her dad bellowed, "and you will do what we say. End of discussion." He whirled around, long hair flying, and stomped back into the master suite.

"This is ridiculous." Holly dropped her fork into the plate of edamame with a clank. "Elijah Brown is a nice guy"-and funny, and quiet, and smoldering-"and I invited him on a date, and I already told him yes to the prom. There's no way I'm going back to school tomorrow and telling him no."

"That's ex-act-ly what you're going to do." Her mom tapped her long red fingernail on the table for emphasis. "Or I will call his mother and tell her myself." She stood abruptly and swept into the master suite after Holly's dad.

Holly stared through the open doorway framed with grand molding. Her mom would call Elijah's mom, as if she and Elijah had gotten in a slap-fight on the elementary school playground. She didn't understand her parents' reaction. Their elitist attitude was fake. Her dad played pickup basketball games with the security guards in the employee gym at the casino. Her mom went to lunch with ladies from the public relations department. None of Holly's friends' families were rich or famous, and her friends spent the night with Holly all the time. Holly didn't spend the night with them, but that was because her parents were overprotective and worried about stalkers, not snobby.

Overprotectiveness was the only explanation for the way her parents were acting now. They wouldn't admit it, but they were afraid for her to go on a date. They didn't want her to grow up.

There had to be a way out of this. Maybe she could cancel the matinee but still go to the prom with Elijah secretly? She didn't see how. Her parents would be on the lookout. And who knew whether he liked her enough to play along? He'd asked her to the prom. He hadn't pledged his undying love.

The doorbell chimed. Holly's dad emerged from the master bedroom, dressed in a suit this time.

"That's the chauffeur from the casino," he said, stopping at the kitchen table and crouching until he was at Holly's eye level. "I'm sorry, kiddo. We're not saying you can't go to the prom at all. If it were some kid besides Elijah Brown-"

"Any kid besides Elijah Brown?" Holly didn't buy that her parents wanted to keep her away from Elijah because his mother was a dealer. There had to be something else.

"Not any kid. We'll take it on a case-by-case basis." Her dad wasn't meeting her gaze anymore. Before he rose and headed for the door, his eyes had already shifted toward his escape.

Then Holly's mom clopped in on four-inch stilettos and a cloud of perfume. "In bed by ten, sweetie." She stopped and kissed the top of Holly's head as if she hadn't just ended Holly's social life.

Holly didn't respond. She stared straight ahead at the darkened doorway into her parents' bedroom until she heard the front door close and the limo pull away.

And then the plate of salad and edamame lifted off the kitchen table in front of her, zipped across the room, and smashed against the front door. She jumped at the noise. Shards of china tinkled onto the floor.

She flushed hot, and her body sparkled with pleasure-a lot like the way she'd felt when Elijah stood so close to her and looked down at her in the hallway after lunch, but ten times more intense. The feeling was delicious and shocking. Yet she wasn't surprised that she could fling her dinner plate across the room with her mind. Somewhere deep down, in a dark place she hadn't acknowledged, she'd always known that she could do magic.

But she knew she should be surprised, so she eased up from her chair and crossed the room to examine the plate-shaped mark on the door. Vinaigrette oozed down between bits of lettuce pasted flat.

Prom date out, telekinesis in. Not a fair trade at all.

She didn't clean up the mess. She knew she'd get in trouble if she left it until her parents came home, but that was just tough. She flounced into the living room, stretched out on the chaise, and tested her magical power. First she pressed the button on the TV remote without physically touching it. She was pleased to find her power had this much precision. She clicked through the shopping networks to a music channel. Now her levitation had a kick-ass sound track.

After a few moments of knocking magazines around on the side table, she turned to bigger objects. The more she used her power, the more the sparkling sensation raced through her body. She lifted the armchair five feet in the air, moved it across the room, and set it back down. She lifted the coffee table all the way to the ceiling and accidentally scraped the plaster. Hastily she lowered the table and set it down. She lifted the chaise she was sitting on and propelled it around the room, tilting it on its course, like a car in an animatronics-filled fantasy ride at Disneyland. She set it down in a new location and adjusted it a little so she could still see the music videos on TV.

Next she turned her attention to the sofa. Here she had a problem. She managed to make it hover a few inches off the floor, but this gave her a headache. Lifting heavy things hurt, just as if she were lifting them with her body rather than her mind. She preferred a happy medium between the addictive sparkles through her limbs and the pain in her head. She set the sofa down.

She lifted herself into the air, careful not to lift too high and hit her head on the ceiling. The chandelier was dusty, she noticed. This was the best feeling yet-producing the strongest sparkles-and she had only a lingering headache from her battle with the sofa. She moved all the furnishings exactly where she wanted them, then imagined opening the medicine cabinet in the hall bathroom and taking out the painkillers. When she saw the plastic bottle bobbing toward her down the hall, she opened a kitchen cabinet, removed a glass, and filled it with chilled water from the refrigerator. The glass had just arrived in front of her, and she was concentrating hard to defeat the child safety cap on the bottle without giving in and using her fingers, when the front door opened, scraping broken bits of plate along the marble floor.

"Sweetie," her mom called, "we're home for just a second. I forgot my pur-"

The painkiller bottle and the glass of water hit the floor. Pills and bits of glass splashed all the way to her mom's sequined stilettos.

Holly and her mom stared at each other. She pictured how her mom must see her, floating in the air, no strings attached. She became painfully aware of the rock music blaring from the TV. It made her power seem underhanded, like her mom had caught her smoking pot.

"Peter," her mom called sharply behind her. "It's happened. I'll get the shot." Watching Holly, she stepped right through the mess of pills and broken glass and plate on her way to the kitchen.

Shot? Holly didn't like shots, especially shots with sinister connotations of lying in wait for her. She picked up her mom with her mind and hung her in midair.

"Holly, Holly, careful, careful," her mom protested. Out of the corner of her eye, Holly saw her mom careening against the kitchen light fixture. But Holly could only devote so much attention to her mom. She turned to focus on her dad coming through the doorway.

She didn't get the chance. Her dad grabbed her neck. But he never touched her. He stayed in the doorway. Holly could tell from his intense gaze on her and the sudden pain in her throat, and her own experience of the last fifteen minutes, that he was squeezing her neck with his mind.

The world went red.

She lashed out at him with her magical power, a blind punch, to make him let her go.

The pressure on her neck released and she gasped at the same time she hit the marble floor hard on her hip. Before she could take another full breath, her mom sat on her and jabbed something into her arm. The shot. Holly knocked her mom off, flung the shot away, and tried to levitate out of harm's way. But the excited sparkles drained out of her like her drool pooling on the cold stone floor.

"Peter!" Holly's mom yelled. "Call Mr. Diamond!"

Holly wondered why her mom wanted to drag the owner of the casino into this. This dream was the strangest one she'd ever had. That was her last thought before she blacked out.

"Holly, sweetie," her mom whispered. Her mom's fingernails hissed through Holly's hair, stroking, comforting. Holly opened her eyes.

She lay in her bed. Her mom leaned over her. Her dad and a balding man in a white coat-not Mr. Diamond, but a doctor she'd never met-stood at the foot of the bed, chatting quietly in concerned tones.

Looking past them, Holly tried to lift her copy of Romeo and Juliet off her desk. Nothing. Then her pencil cup, her pink stapler, her tennis tournament trophy from eighth grade. No movement, no tingle. Nothing.

"Do you remember what happened?" Holly's mom asked.

"You gave me a shot!" Holly cried. "Dad tried to choke me!"

"No," all three adults said sadly, as if they'd been afraid of this.

"We held you down while the doctor gave you a shot of medicine to stop your hallucinations," her mom said gently. "We couldn't control you. We didn't want you to hurt yourself or one of us. You punched your father in the eye."

Sure enough, Holly's dad's left eye was shaded, developing into a shiner. Holly shrank against the headboard.

"Holly, I'm Dr. Gray." The physician approached the bed. "You have a condition called mental adolescent dysfunction," he said in the tone of the narrator of antiquated films about menstruation that Holly's PE teacher had shown in middle school. "It's a psychiatric disorder that presents in puberty. The bad news is that this is a serious condition. In the past, people have been institutionalized their whole lives with the disease. But the good news," he went on quickly as Holly started to hyperventilate, "is that it's easily controlled with medicine. We gave you the initial dose in the shot." He pulled a prescription bottle from his pocket and shook it. Pills rattled inside. "Take one of these every night before bed. Don't ever take more, don't ever miss a dose, and you should be fine." He set the bottle on her bedside table.

"That's not what happened," Holly murmured.

"What do you mean?" Holly's mom asked, playing along, like this was all one of Holly's childhood tea parties when Holly was little.

"You and dad left for dinner," Holly said. "While you were gone, I felt like I-"

The adults watched her.

She skipped that part. "You came back to get your purse. You yelled to Dad that you were getting the shot, like you had something ready and expected all this to happen. You told him to call Mr. Diamond."

"Mr. Diamond!" Her dad laughed.

Holly pointed at her dad. "And you tried to choke me!"

Her dad flinched as if Holly had hit him. Again. She realized how serious this accusation was and how hurtful, but he had tried to choke her. Hadn't he?

"Holly." Dr. Gray pulled Holly's desk chair close to her bed and sat down. "Your parents tell me you had a disagreement tonight. That's how the disease manifests itself. Your parents made a decision to protect you, but you're angry with them for having power over you. Your father is allowing you to work as his assistant so you can learn the magic trade, but you're jealous and impatient. You want to be the magician."

Holly squirmed. This might be true. But she would never dream of hurting her father to take over his act. No.

"These are common emotions, Holly," Dr. Gray said. "All teenagers feel this way about their parents sometimes. The only difference between other teenagers and you is that you, unfortunately, have a mental disorder that pushes your delusions of grandeur into the danger zone. When you were in that state, you probably thought you could fly or something." He raised his eyebrows in question.

His description of what she'd experienced was too accurate to be wrong. She eyed him guiltily.

He didn't seem to blame her, though. He patted her arm-ouch, on the sore spot where someone had given her the shot-and handed her a glossy pamphlet. "This will tell you more about the disease. Just take your medicine, Holly, and I think you'll be fine. If you're not, we'll move to the next step." Her parents followed him out of the room. Holly heard them walking him to the front door with good-byes and thanks for the emergency house call.

Tuning them out, Holly examined the pamphlet. On the front, a stick person held its head in its hands while teardrops sprang from its face. Another stick person put its arm around the first, lending comfort in 2-D.

WHAT IS MENTAL ADOLESCENT DYSFUNCTION?

Mental adolescent dysfunction (MAD) is a lifelong mental illness that strikes during puberty ( 14 years). The first episode is brought on by strong emotion. Thereafter, sufferers are plagued with delusions that they have magical powers. They may believe that they can:

Move objects with their minds

Read minds

Control the minds of others

Most troubling, patients with MAD may become violent. Therefore, it is imperative that patients control their symptoms with medication at all times.

Holly's own tears plopped onto the pamphlet and ran down the slick paper. Earlier her parents had forbidden her to date Elijah, and she'd thought that was the end of the world. Now she faced a lifetime of mental illness, a job bagging groceries, a room in a halfway house with the other crazies, or-God forbid-living with her parents forever.

She felt a little better when she opened the pamphlet. Inside were rainbows and butterflies. Both stick people stood upright and triumphant. They had taken their medicine.

Holly's mom swept in and sat in the chair. She took the pamphlet from Holly and set it aside. She held Holly's hand in both her cold hands and gazed at her, looking even older than she had earlier that evening. "Sweetie, the doctor says everything's going to be okay. Nobody has any reason to be afraid of you as long as you take your medicine. But you know how cruel teenagers can be." She squeezed Holly's hand. "Don't tell anyone what happened tonight. Don't let anyone know you have MAD."

"Don't worry," Holly said. She pictured herself announcing to her school, Guess what? I'm not just a fourteen-year-old showgirl anymore. I'm a violent fourteen-year-old showgirl with a mental disorder! No way would anybody ever hear about MAD from her. She might be crazy, but she wasn't that crazy.

"The kids at school could make fun of you," her mom understated. "If this health problem goes on your permanent record, you could have trouble getting into college or finding a job. It could be bad publicity for your father's act. People hold such prejudice against the mentally ill."

Holly's eyes flitted to her dad, who glowered at her from the doorway. The red bruise under his eye had turned purple.

"Don't even tell your best friends." Her mom produced Holly's cell phone, which she must have taken from Holly's purse while Holly was unconscious. "Especially not Elijah Brown."

Holly grabbed for the phone.

Her mom snatched it out of Holly's reach. "You sent texts to that boy all day at school when you were supposed to be paying attention in class. You had countless messages from him today-"

Fourteen, Holly thought.

"-and another seven in the last hour," her mother finished. "Seven!"

"What did they say?" Holly wailed.

"I erased them." Her mom eyed her sternly. "Break up with him, or I will call his mother and break you up myself. Text him right now and tell him you can't go with him to the matinee or the prom." She handed Holly the phone.

Holly took it with a frustrated sigh. She didn't want to break her date with such a cool guy, on a text. But honestly, she thought it might be for the best, now that she'd been diagnosed. Thank God she'd freaked out here at home. What if that had happened on a date, and she'd given Elijah a shiner?

Besides, breaking the date with him on a text was definitely better than her mom calling his mom, which might get around school. She didn't need anything else added to her Ninth-Grade Freak tally.

She thought for a moment, then composed a message her mom would deem appropriate. But she made it sound stilted and un-text-message-y. She hoped Elijah would figure out that she'd been forced into it. She didn't want him to hate her. Cringing, she handed the phone over.

I'm sorry to cancel our dates to the prom and magic show. My parents and I concluded it's not the right decision for me at this time.

Her mom read the screen, gave Holly a satisfied nod, and pushed send. She tossed the phone backward to Holly's dad, who fumbled with it and dropped it. There was no real magic in this family.

Her mom rubbed Holly's arm and stood up. "Get some sleep, sweetie. We've all had a hard night, but you need to go to school tomorrow so no one suspects anything's wrong." As she passed Holly's dad leaning in the doorway, she put her hand on his chest. Then her high heels clicked across the marble floor of the living room, fainter and fainter.

Holly's dad stepped forward to Holly's bedside. "I'm sorry, kiddo."

Holly swallowed. "I'm sorry for hitting you. I thought you were trying to kill me, seriously."

"Don't worry about that now," he said hoarsely, on the verge of tears. "Just take your medicine." He bent down and touched his forehead to Holly's. This close, his black eye filled her field of vision. He rocked his forehead back and forth against hers. Then he kissed her on the tip of the nose, backed away, and turned off the light as he left the room, closing the door behind him.

Holly nestled down into her soft bed. She lay on her sore arm. She rolled over to the other side. Now she lay on her sore hip. In her faulty memory, she'd landed on her hip when she fell from midair. She wondered what had really happened.

She jerked upright in bed and switched on her lamp. During her hallucination, she'd punched her dad with her telekinetic power. In reality she must have punched him with her fist. He had a shiner. She would have a corresponding mark on her knuckles.

She gazed down at her hand, skin smooth, nails unbroken. She wiggled her fingers. They weren't even sore.

She stared at her closed door. What if her parents had made up her disease? What if she really did have magical power?

She tried to open the door with her mind. Nothing happened. No delicious sparkly feeling at all.

Shaking her head, she turned off the lamp and snuggled down into bed again. The clock on her bedside table said that only an hour and a half had passed since Holly had sat at the kitchen table in front of that doomed plate of edamame. But her mom was right. Holly was bone tired, as she should be. She'd had a physical fight with her parents. She'd attacked and hurt her own dad. Her parents hadn't made up her disease and then let Dr. Gray in on the secret. Only a crazy person would come up with a conspiracy theory like that.

Besides, her parents wouldn't do that to her.

Elijah retrieved his backpack from his locker in the casino's employee break room. He thumbed through the messages on his phone as he headed down the employee corridor toward the bus stop. But the message from Holly stopped him cold. Poker dealers and cocktail waitresses and someone dressed up as a giant banana flowed around him as he dropped his backpack on the industrial linoleum and read the message over and over, trying to make sense of it.

To think, this had started as the best day of his life. He'd had the balls to snag the seat behind Holly in English way back on the first day of ninth grade, but there his courage had failed him. The longer he stared at the back of her head and examined how each strand of her rich brown hair caught the fluorescent lights of the classroom, the surer he became she was way too good for him. She lived in a mansion with her famous parents, who were the toast of the casino. Elijah lived in an apartment with his mom, who'd gotten him an unpaid apprenticeship at the casino after school so he wouldn't get in trouble like his dad. It had taken him almost the entire school year to work up his courage again and ask Holly out, and she'd said yes. He'd bragged about her to the older guys on the lacrosse team, who'd turned on him and tried to hit him in the crotch with the ball for the rest of practice.

And now this. He'd been afraid of this when she abruptly stopped their long and funny text conversation a few hours ago. The casino didn't allow cell phones during work. On his break halfway through his shift, he'd hurried back to his locker to check his messages. Nothing from her. He'd sent seven more hilarious one-liners into the abyss, because he was an optimist. And an idiot.

A giraffe elbowed him in the back, trying to get around him. Shoved off balance, Elijah nearly dropped his phone. The giraffe kept walking on four stilts as if nothing had happened. And that's exactly how Elijah felt, staring at Holly's message. He was the kind of guy to whom a beautiful girl could say yes and then no without a clear explanation. The kind of guy nobody noticed in a corridor full of musclemen and giraffes. A boy with no father. He looked up at the wide hall ahead of him, which was painted a dull white and ended in a vanishing point. This was his life.

His boss snapped him out of these thoughts. He was looking for Elijah because Mr. Diamond wanted to see him.

Elijah turned around and spotted his sawdusty boss a few steps behind him. "Why would the owner of the casino want to see me?" Everyone in the casino knew what Mr. Diamond looked like because his portrait was displayed in the entrances and the elevators and the bathrooms, but few employees had been granted an audience.

Elijah's boss stopped in surprise. "How'd you know?"

"Know what?" Elijah asked.

"That Mr. Diamond wanted to see you."

"You just told me," Elijah said.

"No, I didn't." His boss jerked his thumb backward over his shoulder. "I got the call in the break room. I came to find you." The faster he got rid of this kid and went home, the sooner he'd get inside his wife.

"TMI!" Elijah exclaimed. The guys on the job said filthy things under their breath about the buxom tourists strutting through the casino, but not about real people.

"What?" His boss frowned.

"Your wife," Elijah explained.

His boss's lips parted. His stomach dropped to the floor. There had to be a logical explanation. The kid was only screwing with him somehow-disappointing, because this one didn't have a single tattoo or piercing and always came to work on time.

Elijah stared right back at his boss. A pleasant tingle spread throughout his body, which was offset by the horror that he could read his boss's mind. Suddenly he was sweating in the cool corridor. "How do I get to Mr. Diamond?" he asked quickly.

His boss pointed one finger straight up. He thought, Top floor.

"Thanks. See you tomorrow." Elijah slung his backpack over his shoulder, pocketed his phone, and hurried down the hall, away from those strange feelings and toward the elevator. Maybe he should find his mom behind a blackjack table on the casino floor and tell her he was coming down with something. But then he'd be acting like a baby. She couldn't do anything for him that he couldn't do for himself. Buy some cold medicine. And if Mr. Diamond wanted to see him, he'd better go.

He tripped over his own feet as the periodic table popped into his head.

He looked around. A showgirl in full costume sat cross-legged against the wall, an unladylike position considering how little she was wearing, with her feather crown balanced on her head and her UNLV chemistry book open on the floor in front of her. The showgirls' standard line to tourists who tried to pick them up was that they held this job only to save money for medical school. The irony was that in her case, it was true.

She looked up at Elijah, blinked her false lashes at him just to give the teenage kid a thrill, and looked back down at her book. The group-six transition metals were chromium (Cr), molybdenum (Mo), tungsten (W), and seaborgium (Sg). Molybdenum. Molybdenum. She never could remember how to spell molybdenum.

Elijah passed his hand over his sweating brow as he walked on and the showgirl's thoughts faded from his head. Clearly he was ill, but the elevator wasn't far away. He could see it, and when he entered it, he could rest for forty stories.

The closer he got, the less sure he became that he could make it. A dealer passed him, fuming silently about a gambler who'd sat at his table for two hours and pretended not to know the rules. The customer was always right, his ass! A janitor pushed a wide broom in front of her, pining for her four-month-old baby and hoping he might be awake this time when she got off work. Each thought increased the tingling through Elijah's body. He'd never felt this good in his life. It was so good he could hardly stand it.

One of the elevators opened. Twenty people poured out and headed straight for him. He flattened himself against the cinder-block wall as best he could with his backpack on. He closed his eyes and held his breath, waiting for them to pass. A cashier was going to divorce his wife if she wasn't home when he got there tonight. A tourist had gotten lost and taken the wrong elevator, but as long as she was down here, she might as well explore until security kicked her out. A dealer recognized Elijah. Wasn't that Jasmine Brown's kid? Lord, he'd grown a foot since the last time she'd seen him. He looked sweaty and pale, on the verge of fainting. She reached out to him.

Elijah saw all this in his head, even though his eyes were closed. He saw the way he looked to this friend of his mom's. It couldn't be real. If she actually touched him, he was going to freak out completely.

He felt a hand touch his forearm.

He yelped and jumped.

"Hon, are you okay?" The lady leaned close to Elijah, gazing into his eyes with concern.

Elijah's body tingled so delightfully that it almost hurt. Reading people's minds was tearing him apart. "I'm fine," he breathed. "Thank you, but I'm fine." The crowd had passed. The elevator doors stood open, waiting. He tore away from the lady, dove inside before the doors shut, and pressed the button for the fortieth floor.

His stomach left him as the elevator sped upward, but his mind cleared, and the tingles subsided. Taking a deep breath, he noticed his ghostly reflection in the clear plastic sheet protecting the portrait of white-haired, dignified Mr. Diamond. Elijah wiped more sweat from his brow, yanked his wavy hair into place as best he could, and hoped he would pass for healthy, at least until his interview with the owner of the casino was over.

He knew he hadn't done anything wrong. If he was being kicked out of his apprenticeship, his boss would tell him, not Mr. Diamond. Maybe Elijah had done such a great job that Mr. Diamond was promoting him. Elijah had very carefully refurbished the elaborate gold paneling in the Peacock Room. But he was fourteen. He couldn't officially work even part-time until his fifteenth birthday in the summer.

The doors slid open before he was ready. Tentatively he stepped onto plush carpet and looked around. There were only three doorways in this short hall, and Elijah knew one of them led to the penthouse. Mr. Diamond's door must be the one with two men in dark suits stationed outside. The guard with a beard daydreamed about his trip to the beach next month. The red-haired guard noticed Elijah. Tall kid, fourteen years old, light brown wavy hair, green eyes. Yep, that was him. The orders were to scare him to soften him up. The guard planned to open the office door for Elijah and shove him inside.

Realizing this, Elijah stopped five paces away.

The red-haired guard glared at him and moved his jacket aside with one hand to expose the gun on his hip, though he had no intention of using it on an unthreatening kid. He barked at Elijah, "What the f**k do you want?"

"You know I'm Elijah Brown," Elijah burst out. "Open the door for me. Don't you dare shove me. I'm having a really bad day, and so help me God, I will kick your ass."

The red-haired guard froze. The kid was one of those, and Mr. Diamond hadn't warned him!

The bearded guard was unimpressed. Elijah might be a mind reader, but he didn't know how to control his power yet. The guard hoped Elijah did try something, and then he would show Elijah how to kick somebody's ass. He pushed open the door and shoved Elijah twice as hard as the red-haired guard had planned. Elijah reeled across the carpet, his backpack throwing him off balance. The door slammed shut behind him.

He stopped himself in the center of the room, in front of a single chair. Beyond that was the biggest desk he'd ever seen. Mr. Diamond himself sat behind it. Floor-to-ceiling windows displayed a killer view of the Strip at night. Other casinos glowed every color. The red and white lights of traffic crawled by a million miles below.

Beside Mr. Diamond's desk, waiting for Elijah with his arms folded, was Holly Starr's dad. Elijah hadn't recognized him at first without his magic cape. He wore a normal business suit, had a black eye, and scowled at Elijah.

Uh-oh.

"Sit down," Mr. Starr spat. He tried to make this sound authoritative, but he was distracted. Elijah looked exactly like his father had looked at that age. It was uncanny that two people could look that much alike, father and son or not.

Hearing this in his head, Elijah forgot to follow the instructions. He placed his hand lightly on the back of the chair and watched Mr. Starr.

Mr. Starr pointed at him. "This is exactly the attitude that's gotten you in hot water. And you're not taking Holly with you." After his experience earlier that night, Mr. Starr now thought Holly might be more dangerous than Elijah. But that didn't matter right now. His mission was to scare this kid. "Stay away from my daughter."

"Bullshit," Elijah said as calmly as he could. His voice broke, but he pushed ahead, heady with power and high on the tingling sensation in his limbs. "You're scared of me and of Holly. You're trying to hide something from both of us, and I won't let you." To make good on this threat, Elijah turned to Mr. Diamond for help.

But Mr. Diamond was the only person Elijah had encountered in the last few minutes whose mind he couldn't read at all. Elijah would have suspected the old man was a cardboard cutout, another reproduction like his portrait from the elevator, if it weren't for Mr. Diamond's middle finger tapping the opulent desk.

Mr. Diamond stopped tapping and cleared his throat. "Peter, it's happening for Elijah right now. He can hear everything you think."

Mr. Starr looked at Elijah in surprise, then at Mr. Diamond. "Do you have a shot?"

"Not here," Mr. Diamond answered in a kindly, rumbling voice. "You'll have to take him down."

Mr. Starr grabbed Elijah by the throat. He hadn't moved a step toward Elijah. He hadn't uncrossed his arms. But with his mind, he took Elijah by the throat and squeezed.

Elijah fought back. He knew now that he was powerful. If Mr. Starr was scared of him, surely Elijah could crush people's carotid arteries with his mind, too. He focused all his energy on Mr. Starr's throat, just as Mr. Starr focused all his energy on Elijah's. But Elijah only tingled mightily from the effort, his mind bursting with Mr. Starr's violence, as the room faded to black.

He woke not fifty feet from where he'd started-in the basement of the casino, at the employee health center, with his mom and a physician named Dr. Gray in chairs on either side of his bed. His memory of what had happened was so ridiculous that he immediately doubted it. His mom confirmed that much of it had been a delusion. Mr. Diamond really had called Elijah up to his office because Mr. Starr had complained about a lowly apprentice carpenter asking Holly out. Mr. Starr had not attacked Elijah with his telekinetic powers, duh. Elijah had wigged out and punched Mr. Starr. Funny how Elijah's malfunctioning mind had turned that around to make him think Mr. Starr already had a black eye when Elijah stepped into the room. If he'd held out hope that Holly's parents would reverse their decision and let him date their daughter someday, that was pretty much over.

His mom and Dr. Gray listened to his story of what he'd imagined Mr. Starr had done to him. When he finished, his mom and the doctor stared at him for a few moments. He wished he knew what they were thinking, but all of that was gone.

Finally his mom smiled. "Well, no wonder you've got an A in English. That makes a great story!" She looked at Dr. Gray. "His advanced English class is reading Romeo and Juliet right now."

"Ohhhh." Dr. Gray nodded. "We see this a lot. All teenage boys want to save the girl and take on the world. The only difference between other boys and you, Elijah, is that you, unfortunately, have a hereditary mental disorder that pushes your delusions of grandeur into the danger zone and makes you think you can read minds." He chuckled.

It wasn't funny. Tamping down his panic, Elijah turned to his mom. "Hereditary? Did Dad have it?"

His mom took a deep breath and held it.

"Dad didn't die in a drunk driving accident like you told me, did he?" Elijah asked. "He had this disease and he did something horrible." His mom had always been vague about the details of his dad's untimely death. Now Elijah knew why. It had been a lie, for good reason. The truth was worse.

His mom let out her breath slowly. "He wasn't on medication. You're in much better shape."

Dr. Gray patted Elijah's arm and handed him a glossy pamphlet. "This will tell you more about the disease. Just take your medicine, Elijah"-he picked up the prescription bottle on a nearby table and rattled the pills inside-"and I think you'll be fine. If you're not, we'll move to the next step." He rose, and Elijah's mom followed him to the doorway of the examining room, where they talked softly together.

Elijah opened the pamphlet, which was decorated ironically with butterflies, rainbows, and stick people hugging each other. Somebody down at the crazy people's print shop had a sense of humor.

LIVING WITH MENTAL ADOLESCENT DYSFUNCTION

The news that a patient has mental adolescent dysfunction (MAD) can be devastating, both for the family, who had expected a normal, healthy life for their child, and for the patient amid an already turbulent adolescent period. Patients and their families should take comfort in the knowledge that a diagnosis of MAD no longer mandates a lifetime in a mental institution. A new drug makes normal life possible in many cases. Mentafixol suppresses the symptoms of the disease and enables most patients to enjoy an average lifespan. In fact, all known assaults by patients with MAD were committed when the patient was off medication.1

1 JA Gray, "Mental Adolescent Dysfunction: Long-Term Prognosis," Journal of Mental Illness.

Elijah frowned at the pamphlet and ran his thumb over a rainbow. He'd been on a wild ride, a strange mix of fact and fiction, he realized now. If only the whole thing were his imagination. Especially the part where Mr. Diamond and Mr. Starr ganged up on him to keep him away from Holly.

Elijah's mom returned alone and sat at his bedside again. "I'm so sorry, honey." She picked up his fist and kissed it.

He looked down at his hand in hers. Shouldn't his knuckles be bruised from punching Mr. Starr in the eye? Maybe the adrenaline from the disease had given him superhuman strength and resilience, like an addict on crack.

Then he looked up at his mom, still young and pretty, with long black hair and dangling turquoise earrings that showed pride in their Native American heritage. Yet for some reason, she was terrified they'd have to live on the reservation-she called it the "Res"-and he sensed one of those lectures coming on.

"You've got to be careful now," she said. "People are prejudiced against the mentally ill. Don't tell anybody about your disease."

"I won't," Elijah promised. If he did, he would never hear the end of it from the lacrosse team. Worse, what would Holly think? He was almost glad she'd broken their dates. She deserved better than a mental patient. What if he'd gone out with her and hurt her?

"And for God's sake, stay away from that girl," his mom said. "Don't even talk to her. Mr. Starr and Mr. Diamond were understanding of your condition and promised to keep it quiet. But that's it for you and me, Elijah. Mr. Diamond says if you have another episode, I might have to withdraw you from Holly's school, or I could get fired altogether, and then I wouldn't be able to take care of you. You might end up at the Res. You don't know what the Res is like, Elijah. Promise me you won't pull any more Romeo and Juliet shit on me. There are plenty of pretty girls you can ask out. Let this one go."

The next morning, Elijah had trouble getting out of bed, but his mom shook his shoulder incessantly and hissed at him that he had to go to school so no one would suspect anything was wrong. He walked into first-period English on the bell, as usual. Holly was the brightest point in his day, as always, her shining brown curls cascading over her shoulders, her dark brown eyes wide. But she cast them down at her desk the instant she saw him.

He crossed to the opposite side of the room and sat down, all the while reaching over the rows for her thoughts. He tried to read her mind, jonesing for the tingles that had spread through him when he'd read minds the night before. He wanted that feeling from her. But she kept her head down, poring over their Shakespeare textbook, with hardly a sideways glance at the guy she'd just dumped.

He opened his own book. His life wasn't over, he assured himself. He would keep his grades up, pull his weight on the lacrosse team, make the most of high school despite his illness, and try his best not to worry his mom. Only one thing had changed irreparably since yesterday: there was nothing left between him and Holly but regret.

2

PRESENT DAY

Kaylee Michaels saw Holly walking toward her across the casino floor and felt her face light up. When Mr. Diamond had taken in Kaylee a year ago, he'd made her head of security at the casino though she'd been only twenty-one years old at the time. She was at the height of her mind-changing powers, the strongest person seeking refuge at the casino besides the many teenagers and twenty-somethings drugged with Mentafixol. The burden of the responsibility weighed on her every second, but she accepted it, seeing her job as a way to atone for the terrible things she'd done while she was at the Res.

Holly was her window onto the carefree life of a college girl. When Kaylee had first arrived, Mr. Diamond had encouraged her to befriend Holly and rent an apartment with her. He pointed out that, during her senior year of college, Holly would get the freedom from her parents that she'd longed for, yet Kaylee could still keep her safe. What had started as a business transaction had unexpectedly turned into Kaylee's closest relationship ever. Despite herself, Kaylee had let her defensive walls crumble in front of this bubbly girl, and they'd been the unlikeliest of best friends since.

Now Holly glimpsed Kaylee and galloped toward her between two rows of slot machines, long brown curls bouncing, somehow looking even more glamorous in jeans and sandals than she ever did in her magician's-assistant getup. She was leading a man by the hand. A handsome, clean-cut man about their age, but still. Even as Kaylee switched her bag of Thai food to her left hand and put out her right to greet him, her senses went on alert.

She poised to strike him with her power if she detected the slightest danger, ready to change his mind about getting close to Holly. Just because a guy had asked Holly on a date didn't mean he was from the Res, but the timing was suspicious. For the past few days, the mind readers on the casino floor had whispered that they'd sensed people from the Res passing through, plotting to take over the casino.

He'd better not be one of them.

"Kaylee Michaels," she introduced herself over the electronic music of the slot machines, looking hard into his brown eyes.

"Rob Price." With no guile in his voice, he wrapped his hand around hers.

At the same time, Holly was effusing, "This is Kaylee, my roommate and the head of security at the casino. See, Rob, I told you we might find her on the floor somewhere. And Kaylee, this is Rob. He asked me out and he still wants to go, even after I told him my roommate is like the Secret Service."

"Why is that?" Rob asked Kaylee. "Have you had security problems?"

"Well ..." Kaylee puzzled over the strange question.

"You can tell Rob," Holly said. "He's a cop."

"Oh, really?" Kaylee asked suspiciously, dropping his hand.

Rob drew his wallet out of his back pocket-slowly, as if he understood other cops and people in security didn't like sharp movements, especially out of pockets-and showed her his Clark County Sheriff's ID. She'd seen a lot of those cards in the year she'd been in charge at the casino. It looked authentic.

The issue date was recent. "Worked there long?" she asked, straightening.

"Just started. I went to police academy in Chicago," he said with a flat Midwestern accent to back up his claim. "I got recruited to come here."

She tried not to let her shoulders sag visibly with relief. If he'd arrived in town from Chicago in the past few weeks, he couldn't have been sent here by the Res to infiltrate the casino and steal Holly away. Still, Kaylee would be researching him thoroughly as soon as she got back to her office. "Well, Holly's one of our biggest stars-"

"For God's sake," Holly interrupted. "I stand onstage and point to stuff Dad does. It's not like I personally pull a rabbit out of my hat and shiz." She turned to Rob. "Kaylee has this thing about stalkers. I've told her that if she's so concerned about me attracting the wrong kind of man, the casino might consider taking down the billboard over Interstate 15."

Holly had a point, but the casino needed the business Holly's billboard brought in-not just to line Mr. Diamond's pockets, but to keep the operation running that protected all of them. Kaylee glanced at Rob to gauge his reaction. If he started salivating and his jaw dropped to the floor at the mention of Holly's provocative photo, she was going to ixnay this ateday.

"I see why you're concerned," Rob told Holly, "but I'll bet that billboard is good advertisement for the casino." He raised his brows at Kaylee in question.

"Ugh, you act like that billboard is why you came here!" Holly gave Rob a playful shove. "Of all the casinos in all the towns in all the world, he walks into mine."

"If that were true, I would never admit it now." Rob grinned down at Holly.

She smiled moonily up at him, then turned back to Kaylee. "Listen, one of my friends is throwing a killer party after graduation, and Rob has to work. Come with? Pleeeease? Come on, you hardly ever go out."

Kaylee shook her head no. She wanted to say yes but couldn't. She was a drag, so preoccupied with her job that other people her age thought she was a snob. There was no point in going. Even if she finally met a guy (gasp), nothing could come of it. She'd dedicated her life to the casino. She had room for nothing else.

Instead, she would send a security team to watch over the party without Holly knowing and make sure Holly stayed safe. Kaylee didn't want to ruin Holly's good time. In fact, when Kaylee shook her head and Holly's face fell, Kaylee found herself asking, "You have to buy new shoes for the party, though, right?" Sometimes she needed time with ebullient Holly to make herself feel human vicariously.

"I like how you think." Holly beamed at Rob. "Indulge us for just another second? Planning. Shoes." When Rob nodded, she drew her cell phone from her purse.

Kaylee put down the bag she'd been carrying, found her own cell phone in her suit pocket, and thumbed through her schedule. "Forum Shops tomorrow at four?" She would need to rearrange a security meeting, but Holly was busy in her own way. She had final exams and then her family's nightly show. Holly was worth rescheduling for.

"Perfect." Holly nodded toward the bag. "Whatcha got there?"

"Take-out Thai, Mr. Diamond's favorite. Working dinner."

Holly closed her eyes and inhaled the scent of pad Thai. "My mom brought me a salad from home. Because I have been extra good, she shaved some carrots on top. Party on. I wish I had a working dinner with Mr. Diamond."

"No, you don't," Kaylee said, faking her smile this time. Holly's mother watched Holly's diet for a very good reason. And Kaylee and Mr. Diamond were meeting alone to discuss Kaylee's fears about the Res infiltrating the casino. She wanted Holly as far away as possible.

"I'll feed you when we go out," Rob chuckled.

"Now you're just blatantly coming on to me," Holly teased him.

Kaylee leaned into Holly's good-bye hug, then watched her bop away with Rob in tow, toward the lush theater where she would perform with her parents in a few hours. Holly had confided to Kaylee that she worried a lot about her mental illness, and Kaylee yearned to tell her the truth. But at the moment, Kaylee could have sworn there was nothing heavier on Holly's mind than food, shoes, a party, and her hot date with Rob.

Kaylee hoped it stayed that way.

Rounding the corner, she stepped onto an employee elevator and pressed the button for the fortieth floor. The doors slid shut, closing her inside alone with the poster of Mr. Diamond. She jumped when she saw her reflection in the protective plastic, her blurry image superimposed over his clear one, as if she aimed to take over the casino.

That wasn't what she wanted to do. She was glad Mr. Diamond could read her mind so he would know her intentions. She only questioned his policy of using Mentafixol to suppress the powers of the very people who were potentially the casino's strongest allies.

Las Vegas had long attracted people with power because they could use their talents to make a living without being detected, and because they blended in with the other eccentrics. But over time, with so many in one city, the teenagers discovering their own powers inevitably found each other. Tested each other. Experimented on each other. Bullied each other. They became more and more withdrawn from their parents. They stopped coming home altogether, forming their own compound that moved from cheap hotel room to abandoned house to big brother's basement faster than their parents could keep track of it. They called it In Medias Res, or Res for short, because they went there to get in the middle of all the things their parents never wanted them to see.

For a while, their parents put up with the behavior, saying it was hard to be an adolescent with power, and the kids would grow out of their dangerous needs eventually. But when three of their bodies were found in the desert, Mr. Diamond stepped up to become the parents' leader. He set up the casino as a safe haven for people with power and started drugging the teenagers, preventing the casino's young people from hurting themselves or their parents, and keeping them away from the Res, where they would be lost for years, if not killed.

But Kaylee recognized the catch-22 this created. Power faded with age, so the casino was suppressing the abilities of the group most able to protect it. In the past decade, the casino hadn't needed much protection. The Res had seemed stable, only occasionally murdering its own and spitting out the body in the desert. But Mr. Diamond had warned Kaylee they shouldn't take the stability of the Res for granted. Sooner or later someone would head the Res who tired of toying with the other people there and thought bigger. Kaylee was afraid her ex-boyfriend Isaac was that person. He was brilliant, cunning, impatient with the teens' petty dramas, and determined to amass a fortune before he grew older and his power started to fade.

Like Mr. Diamond. Only evil.

With youth and strength and the sadistic power of the Res behind him, he could conquer even the casino-and then, who knew what he could do?

Judging from the Res's visits to the casino in the past few days, it seemed Isaac was about to make a move. Kaylee had warned Mr. Diamond that she and her aging guards would be no match for a group of Isaac's most powerful twenty-somethings. The casino needed to take some of its own young people off Mentafixol to face down the Res and protect them all.

Mr. Diamond had balked, but at least he'd agreed to discuss the idea over pad Thai. She hoped he would show her the list of people the casino currently drugged so she could get an idea of whom she could train to help her.

The elevator doors slid open. She stepped quickly onto the fortieth floor. All day she'd used her mind-changing power to handle minor security emergencies, which made her metabolism skyrocket. She was famished to the point of nausea. Mr. Diamond must be too-

She stopped short on the rich carpet.

The guards outside Mr. Diamond's door were missing.

She felt in her suit pocket for her phone to call them, but it was too late. She knew exactly what had happened. Her skin went cold. She dropped the pad Thai and ran through the doorway.

Mr. Diamond's power had diminished considerably with age. But folks at the casino said he'd been the strongest mind reader around in his day. Even now that he was sixty-five, Kaylee's panicked thoughts, if not the noise as she burst into his office, should have woken him from his uncharacteristic catnap.

He didn't stir from his position, head down on his enormous desk. The dull Vegas skyline through the windows flickered to neon life in the dusk just as Kaylee realized Mr. Diamond was dead.

Even as she put both icy hands to her mouth in despair, her training as head of casino security kicked in. Drawing her pistol, she scanned the room to make sure Mr. Diamond's killers had left. His office was huge but streamlined, dominated by the view of the Strip. There was nowhere to hide. His attackers from the Res were gone.

Next she needed to sound the alarm about the security breach, in case the people from the Res were brazen enough to stick around the casino. Her hand found her phone in her pocket and stopped again.

People with power tended to be headstrong and paranoid, with good reason. They were prone to infighting. Even here in the relative peace of the casino, there had been provocations by mind readers and mind changers, and minor assaults by levitators in the employee break room. The only thing that had kept them safe in this loose confederacy all these years was their confidence in Mr. Diamond's leadership. Kaylee had no idea how she could break the news of Mr. Diamond's demise to them without causing mass hysteria and exodus, which would leave people like Holly vulnerable to kidnapping by the Res.

So Kaylee wouldn't tell them.

She rounded Mr. Diamond's enormous desk, watching him warily the whole time, half expecting him to rise up suddenly and say "boo!" She wished he would. Blinking back tears, she slipped one hand onto his neck to feel for a pulse. Nothing. A levitator had pinched his carotid artery until he expired.

As if comforting him, she put her hand on his shoulder. Then she leaned over his body and tapped on his keyboard, accessing the security camera outside his office door. She started the video thirty minutes before her arrival, then fast-forwarded until the scene suddenly changed.

Sure enough, the security guards on either side of the closed door walked away from their posts without a glance at each other. Seconds later, Nate in his cowboy hat and red-haired April, mind changers Kaylee knew from the Res, came into view. They'd made the guards think it was a good idea to go home early. Carter came to stand with April and Nate at the door. Violet approached last in gauzy purple skirts embroidered with stars. She looked up at the camera and stuck out her tongue.

Kaylee's face burned. She and Violet had arrived at the Res at about the same time seven years ago, when they were both fifteen and new to their power. They'd struck up a friendship at first. That had lasted less than a day. There were no friendships at the Res, only temporary allegiances as innocent girls and sweethearts of boys turned jealous and cruel with the knowledge of what they could do to each other and the guilt about what they had done.

Suddenly Kaylee realized she was gripping Mr. Diamond's shoulder hard in anticipation of what Violet was about to do to him on this video. She snapped her hand away-as if she'd hurt him herself-and wrung her hands instead as she watched. She was glad the placement of the camera meant she wouldn't be able to see into the office. She didn't have to see. She knew. She could easily have been a part of it herself if she hadn't escaped from the Res. There was too fine a line between herself and Violet. The only difference was that Violet was still at the Res and Kaylee was not.

The group appeared to stand quietly outside Mr. Diamond's door, but Kaylee understood their strategy. Carter was listening to Mr. Diamond's mind through the door. Because Mr. Diamond was so old, his power was too weak to detect danger at that distance. Carter nodded to Nate. Now Nate and April preemptively changed Mr. Diamond's mind about defending himself or calling for help. Violet opened the door with her hand on the doorknob-she could have blown the door open with her mind, but this job was so easy, why bother?-and all four of them disappeared inside the office.

Kaylee couldn't see them. But, staring at the video of the empty hallway, she knew Violet was crushing Mr. Diamond's throat with her mind.

Kaylee's heart beat faster until it burst and shattered into pieces, the shards piercing her chest. She grimaced against the pain and forced herself to watch the video of the hallway until Violet, Carter, April, and Nate walked out of the office. Violet shot the camera the bird.

Kaylee swallowed the lump in her throat. She'd told Mr. Diamond the casino was vulnerable. She'd told him they needed their powerful young people off Mentafixol to help protect the casino. "I guess I won that argument," she said aloud. Her voice surprised her. She sounded like a child, but she felt a million years old. The casino was her sole responsibility now.

With a shaky sigh, wishing she were a levitator instead of a mind changer just this once so she wouldn't have to disrespect Mr. Diamond's body, she slipped her hand into his pocket and drew out a single key-his only key for which Kaylee didn't already have a duplicate. She unlocked the bottom drawer of his desk, reached inside, and placed the binder on the desktop. He'd scrawled on the label:

For Kaylee-in case I die. LOL! : )

He'd tried to keep up with changing technology for the sake of the casino. He even texted her sometimes in his approximation of online lingo, the big dork.

She squinted against her tears once again.

But only for a moment.

Leaning forward and tossing her blond hair out of her eyes, she flipped the binder open. Here were the instructions for how to wean people off Mentafixol when they were thirty years old, too weak for the Res to want and too mature to seek that kind of life. And here was the long list of teens and twenty-somethings the casino currently drugged. Some of these people she knew about already. At Mr. Diamond's insistence, she'd played a part in putting a few of them on Mentafixol herself. Some of them were surprises to her. Mr. Diamond had shared this information with her on a need-to-know basis.

She scanned the list for people she could wean quickly. Preferably about her age, at the height of power. Preferably a levitator and a mind reader, possessing the powers she didn't have. Without thought she dismissed Elijah Brown and Holly. Considered the rest of the list. Came back to Elijah and Holly.

No. Anybody but Holly. She had to protect Holly.

However, the other people on the list knew Kaylee only as the aloof head of casino security. When she took them off Mentafixol and approached them about joining the casino's protective force, they might see her as a threat and run straight for the Res. Holly at least knew Kaylee as a roommate and best friend and was more likely to stand with her.

Plus, it would be simple to wean Holly and Elijah off Mentafixol. All the young people being drugged were told they were the only ones, and they received the pills from various places, so they wouldn't compare notes and get suspicious. But Holly and Elijah both received the drug from the casino pharmacy. Kaylee could make a phone call and stop the shipment.

Mr. Diamond's scribbled notes indicated the strong emotion that had brought on Holly's and Elijah's powers in the same night had to do with each other. Elijah had asked Holly out. Holly's parents had wisely told her she couldn't go. If Holly and Elijah had been allowed to date, they would have talked about MAD eventually, gotten suspicious, realized their powers were real, and stopped taking Mentafixol. They might have hurt each other accidentally, just as couples at the Res hurt each other on purpose.

But if that spark between them was still there now, Holly and Elijah off Mentafixol would be fiercely loyal to each other. That could make them even more useful to the casino.

Or, if they were captured, even more useful to the Res. The Res would absorb them into its society and turn them against the casino. Kaylee would be no match for them by herself.

At that thought, Kaylee paged frantically through the binder one last time, hoping a new alternative would appear. If she drafted Holly and Elijah to help her, she would be putting Holly in so much danger. And likely ruining any chance Holly might have had at a relatively normal life with a nice guy like Rob. Kaylee thought of Holly, so book smart yet ditsy, so witty in an off-key way that some people never got her jokes. She wanted to keep Holly innocent and happy in a world where shoes still mattered.

But if Kaylee did nothing, everyone would be in danger from the Res. Could she really pull this off?

She fought the urge to look to Mr. Diamond for guidance. His dark suit slumped beside her.

God help her, she'd have to pull this off.

Decision made. She'd call Peter Starr and convince him to give up his magician act to Holly in a few weeks, after she was Mentafixol-free. She'd let Jasmine Brown know what was going on and send her out of town so Elijah couldn't read her thoughts about the Res while he was coming off the drug. If he could, he'd likely get curious and head straight there.

But first-she looked out the window behind her and gathered strength from the beauty of the glowing and dancing fountains of the Bellagio in the distance down the Strip-she needed to hide Mr. Diamond's body.

3

"I majored in entertainment engineering and design at UNLV," Holly explained, "because I've always known I would take over the family business someday. That's why I started working as my dad's assistant when I was fourteen. But I thought someday was in the distant future. Then last week, out of the blue, my dad informs me that he's going to teach me everything he knows!"

"Really?" Rob asked, keeping his eyes on the road as he made a turn in his cop car.

"Yes!" she exclaimed. "I'm so excited! But it's been a week since he suggested it, and he hasn't said another word about it."

"I'm sorry, what?" Rob asked, easing his cop car to a stop at a red light. He blinked himself out of his reverie.

Holly bit her lip in annoyance, tasted lipstick, and immediately ran her tongue across her teeth to scrub the lipstick off, like a well-trained showgirl. What exactly did Rob mean by what? What, he hadn't heard her last sentence over the noise of night traffic, or what, he hadn't been listening to anything she'd said since he picked her up? If they'd been together awhile, she would have ribbed him about this: You never listen to me. But she'd known him only a week, and she couldn't hold his attention on this, their first date. They were in trouble already.

Her vexation melted away as he glanced at her from across the seat with guileless brown eyes that sagged a bit at the corners. He'd worked all day, he'd had to wait until her parents' show ended at 10 p.m. to take her out-and then she hit on the real problem.

"I'll bet you worked that suicide today, didn't you?" she asked. "That girl who jumped off the Hoover Dam?"

He turned forward. The traffic light reflected red in his eyes. For a split second, he was a handsome demon.

"Fuck this," he grunted. He reached between them to flick a switch on the dashboard. The police siren wailed to life, startling Holly. Blue lights from his cop car leaked down the roof and spilled across the windshield. The cars in the middle of the intersection paused, then inched backward to make room for him. He stomped the gas and sped through the traffic light. Half a block down, he reached to the dashboard again to flick off the siren.

He put his hand on the knee of Holly's jeans as if he'd done nothing unusual, which ... maybe he hadn't. Maybe all cops used their sirens and risked causing an accident just because they didn't want to wait at a light.

"Sorry I stopped listening and drifted off like that," he said. "I need to leave work at work. What were you saying?"

Holly sighed. Rob wasn't going to share secret cop info with her. Since she'd seen the suicide reported on TV that morning, she'd replayed it over and over in her mind: how empty and awful that twenty-year-old girl must have felt to take her own life. But how cool, actually, to do it in such a dramatic way. If you were going to do it, you might as well do it right. That girl must have stood on the brink of the dam, the vast expanse of concrete below her and the Colorado River snaking darkly away like drying blood, the red canyon all around her, the blue sky above, and thought: Now, once, I am powerful, and let go.

Of course, that was just Holly being all mental adolescent dysfunctiony. If Rob didn't want to talk about the state of the body, Holly shouldn't ask. With effort she dragged her mind back to her small-scale problem and repeated a short version of her story. "My dad promised he'd clue me in on all the family secrets, but it's been a week, with no clueage."

"Clueage?" Rob's dark brows knit. "I don't think that's a word."

"Really?" she asked. No shit, Sherlock, she thought. She'd hoped that after seven years of hardly dating at all, she would be swept away by Rob, but she kept getting hints that she wouldn't be. He didn't understand when she was kidding-which was bad, because she was usually kidding.

"Have you bugged your dad about it?" Rob asked.

"No. He has this big stunt coming up next Tuesday. You probably saw the posters advertising it when you were at the casino last week. An impossible feat of physical stamina. He's going to stand on a one-foot-square platform a hundred feet above the back lot of the casino for twelve hours. Not as long as David Blaine, because my dad likes his beauty sleep at night. To make up for that, the platform's smaller than Blaine's, and my dad won't have 'those pansy safety cables,' as he calls them. Anyway, he says he wants to concentrate on training for that stunt and get it out of the way, and then he'll teach me how he does it."

"What's the prob?" Rob asked. "You think he'll splat on the pavement and take his secrets to the grave with him?"

This hadn't occurred to her. True, her mom wasn't as limber as she used to be, but Holly hadn't ever thought her parents could be seriously hurt during their act full of knives and flames, because they'd never gotten hurt. She stared at Rob in distaste, talking herself down, telling herself that what he'd said wasn't crass. She'd been the one to bring up her parents.

"No," she said. "I just think it's bullshit. I love my dad, but let's get real. I've lived with him all my life. I've seen what goes on. He doesn't train for stunts, unless you count sitting on the couch watching sports and eating fried pork skins as training. The way he eats, it's a wonder he doesn't weigh six hundred pounds. And I think next Tuesday, when his 'training' "-she made finger quotes-"is over and it's time for him to teach me what he knows, he'll give me another excuse not to."

"Why would he do that?"

She frowned. "I just graduated from college. They let me move into my friend Kaylee's apartment a year ago, but gosh, she's head of security at the casino. What could be safer? I wonder whether my parents have made me this promise of magic as a ruse to keep me close and obedient."

"And you want to be disobedient?" Rob's thumb moved on her knee, sending a jolt of awareness up her leg. She'd forgotten his hand was there.

She ached to explain the real problem: that she had a mental illness. But of course this would scare away a potential boyfriend. Besides, it was hard to feel close to him when he turned everything into a sex joke. Not that she didn't want sex. She did, when she found herself in a real relationship.

Which explained why a girl made to work as a bikini-clad Las Vegas showgirl at fourteen was still a virgin at twenty-one. Many times she'd contemplated a one-night stand, just to see what it was like. The thing was, she wanted it to be with a dashingly handsome man who didn't know who she was. Everyone knew who she was, courtesy of the billboard over Interstate 15.

Then, last week, Holly had met Rob. He was good-looking in a clean-cut, self-satisfied, frat boy way. He'd just moved to Vegas from Chicago. Now he was gainfully employed as a Clark County Sheriff's deputy. So he was taking her on this date in his cop car because he was too cheap to buy his own civilian vehicle. So what? Nobody was perfect. She had a mental illness.

Therefore, she was able to overlook his latest sex joke. She even allowed his hand to remain on her knee as she explained, "I just want to be a magician. My dad hasn't told me how he pulls off his impossible feats of physical stamina, but I'm brainstorming for something cool I could do for my debut. Walk a tightrope across the canyon at Hoover Dam?"

"Hoover Dam is a high national-security risk," Rob said sternly. "That's why they built the bypass bridge. It would be impossible for you to get a permit."

Holly didn't like being told her idea was impossible. Who did he think he was, the police?

Wait a minute.

Best to change the subject. "So, where are we going?" she asked brightly. Last week at the casino, he'd promised he would feed her. She didn't forget promises about food. She'd been hoping for a late dinner at a nice restaurant-perhaps too much to ask on a rookie cop's salary, but didn't men spring for first dates? Broaching the subject might prove awkward, but Holly would be glad to go Dutch or to treat Rob, especially when food was involved. Her mom would die if she caught wind that Holly had ordered dessert. At least Holly could enjoy a salad and the atmosphere of the fine restaurant and feel like an adult, maybe even save this date from sliding any further downhill. They'd entered a residential neighborhood, though. Most restaurants were in the opposite direction.

"Home sweet home." He parked behind a way-cool early 1960s muscle car in the driveway of a one-story orange stucco house, landscaped with gravel and cacti, average Vegas living. It was impressive that he'd been able to buy this at twenty-two years old. Maybe the muscle car was his, too.

"Is this all yours?" she asked.

"No, I rent it with a couple of roommates." He got out of the car and slammed the door.

She watched him as he rounded the car. He was so handsome, with his dark hair short and perfectly styled. She found it a bit weird that he carried a piece while off duty, and that he kept it in a holster at his hip where everybody could see it. But that was probably an overcautious cop habit. She was being too critical. If she'd dated more, she would have seen what a catch he was. He had a logical reason for taking her back to the rented house he shared three ways without making the least effort to impress her first. She smiled brilliantly up at him as he opened the passenger door and held out his hand to her.

When she stood, he didn't let go of her hand. He held it as they walked up the sidewalk to the house. And just as this was making her uncomfortable enough to pull away, she caught a whiff of alcohol.

Don't panic, she told herself. It was 10:30 p.m. He'd worked a suicide that day. It made sense for him to have had a drink before he picked her up. It also made sense for him to hold her hand. They were on a date. He had no idea he was turning her off.

She swung his hand to lighten the mood. "What will we do while we're here?" she asked hopefully. She could picture a few dates in Rob's rented home that wouldn't be so bad. He might want to show her his favorite movie ever. He might cook her his mom's famous lasagna. Holly could even eat it. Her stomach rumbled at the thought that they were out of the public eye and her mom would never find out what she put in her mouth.

He stopped on the threshold, brushed his thumb across her lips, and crooned, "That depends on you."

Holly's throat closed up-not as completely as it had in her imagination during her mental breakdown seven years before, but enough that she touched her collarbone with her fingertips. Though his words weren't sexual, his tone dripped innuendo. He was moving so fast it made her anxious. As he opened the door and stepped inside, drawing her by the hand, she tripped over the threshold. She caught herself, but her heels clacked ungracefully on the floor inside.

At the noise, two men glanced up from opposite ends of the open room. In the living area sat Shane Sligh, whom Holly knew by sight. He played guitar for his dad's Frank Sinatra tribute band in the Peacock Room at the casino. He usually looked the part, too, in a fitted black tux, with his hair slicked down in a retro do. She almost didn't recognize him now that he'd washed the gel out of his hair. She hadn't realized he was blond. From a threadbare chair, he eyed her over the neck of his electric guitar, but his fingers never stopped flying over the silent fret board.

In the kitchen stood Elijah Brown.

She blinked, thinking she must be wrong. She'd had sex on the brain, and now she'd mistaken Rob's roommate for her first crush, to whom she'd hardly spoken since she bailed on the ninth-grade prom. He simply looked a lot like Elijah at this distance, peering at her between the top and bottom rows of kitchen cabinets-hair in messy brown waves like a movie star caught on his day off, intense green eyes, lean body in a T-shirt and jeans.

Then he shifted forward, hanging on to the knobs of the cabinets above. His red T-shirt was partly obstructed by the dish towel over his shoulder, but she thought it read UNLV LACROSSE. Where his sleeves ended, his strong triceps moved underneath his taut skin. It was him all right, and hotter than ever.

"Mom, I'm home!" Rob called with a smirk. "What's for dinner?"

"Tuna Helper," Elijah said, looking at Holly.

On the drive over, Rob had made sex jokes and touched her knee, and none of that had elicited a reaction approaching the warm jolt she felt when Elijah Brown called her Tuna Helper. The rush of electricity was followed by a slower flow of emotions: Familiarity. Happiness at seeing a friendly face from high school. Sorrow for the missed opportunity of the ninth-grade prom. Anger at her parents for controlling her life. Curiosity about the coincidence that her ex-crush was her current date's roommate.

"Mmmmm. Too bad we won't join you." Rob dragged Holly toward a hallway that she assumed led to his bedroom. She hung back while trying to look like she wasn't. There was no way to extricate herself from this accelerating situation with Rob and simultaneously save face in front of Elijah.

Not that she had much face to save with him. She only waved to him each night when she passed him in the underground corridors for employees at the casino. He'd graduated from college with her last week. She'd spotted him when he walked across the stage with the Bs, looking perversely sexy in his black cap and gown. She hadn't approached him because her parents had been in the audience.

But even if she thought there was nothing between her and Elijah anymore, maybe he disagreed. He came around the counter, wiping his hands on the towel, just as Shane jumped up from the couch and said, "Rob, aren't you going to introduce us to your girlfriend?"

Rob glared at Shane, his eyes looking as devilish as they had in the car with the red traffic light reflecting in them.

Unphased by Rob's expression, Shane raised his eyebrows expectantly.

Holly watched this macho drama unfold. But her attention was on Elijah, who stood not a foot from her. Goose bumps rose on her skin as if her body longed to jump that gap between them.

Rob dropped Holly's hand and reached for his belt. She thought at first he would unbutton his pants and make some ungodly lewd gesture-he was acting so strange, she wouldn't put anything past him at this point-but no, he unbuckled his holster and hung it on a coat rack beside the door, next to another laden holster. He took out his pistol and released the cartridge of bullets. "Shane Sligh, Holly Starr." He managed to make this simple introduction sound ironic.

"Pleasure," Shane said, taking her hand.

Holly grinned. Word around the female half of the casino was that Shane was a charming ladies' man with old-fashioned manners to match his Rat Pack tux and his Southern drawl.

With the gun in one hand and the cartridge in the other, Rob looked straight at Holly. "Holly Starr, Dangermouse."

Holly registered Rob's nickname for Elijah only in passing. Her brain didn't process it fully while her body was busy reacting to Elijah's proximity. Her heart thumped wildly. She extended her hand and looked up at him.

His eyes were even greener than she remembered, a bright contrast to his tanned face and red shirt. As she watched, his pupils dilated, black obliterating the green. His hot fingers slid against hers and his hand found her hand. This was what she'd wished for in a man.

"We've met," he said. The low notes of his voice traveled through his body, through his hand, and into hers. Then he let her hand go.

She wasn't sure where to focus her eyes now. She couldn't continue to stare moonily at Elijah. But she was afraid if she looked at Rob, she'd give away that her target for the night had shifted.

BANG. The gun fired. Everyone but Rob jumped.

Before the rush of adrenaline even hit Holly, Rob was saying in a strangely calm tone, "Sorry. Didn't mean to do that." He peered up at the white dust falling from the hole in the plaster ceiling.

"Jesus Christ, Rob!" Shane shouted. "That's one way to check for a bullet in the chamber."

"Sorry!" Rob repeated in an exasperated tone, as if Shane had a lot of nerve.

"I wonder if the damage deposit covers that," Elijah murmured, gazing up at the hole. He put one hand on Holly's shoulder. "Are you okay?"

Holly nodded, hands over her ears.

And then, as if Rob and/or the owner of the second gun hanging from the coat rack were forever accidentally peppering the ceiling with bullets, Shane changed the subject. "Holly, Peter Starr is your dad, right? I work in the same casino with you. I've never caught your dad's act, but I've seen you around, and I recognize you from the-"

"-billboard over Interstate 15," Holly finished for him. She laughed. "I guess the signage is working, because everybody knows me."

As Rob reholstered the gun, he chuckled. "That's not what I heard before I asked you out."

Holly blinked at Rob, reviewing what he'd said, making sure she'd heard him correctly. Was he saying nobody knew her in a biblical sense, implying he understood she was a virgin? She was getting used to his sexually charged comments. But he hadn't yet uttered anything this boorish in front of other people. In front of Elijah. She couldn't bear to look in Elijah's direction. She wished she could disappear.

"So, you assist your dad," Shane prompted her, ignoring Rob. She was growing very fond of Shane. "Can you do any magic yourself?"

"Her dad's the magician," Rob said. "Holly can't do shit."

"Rob!" Shane exclaimed.

Holly glanced down at Rob's hands balling into fists. She was glad he'd taken his gun off.

"Of course she can do magic," Elijah spoke up. He glanced sideways at Holly.

Holly smiled. "Hold my purse." She meant this command for any of the three men, but it was Elijah who moved first with his hands out. Whenever her dad had to hold her mom's purse for a minute while they were out shopping, he grumbled that this was a sign a man truly loved a woman. Holly kept her face neutral as she handed the purse over.

She displayed both sides of her empty hands, splaying her fingers to show she concealed nothing between them. Then she produced a slip of flash paper and a box of matches from her bra. Parlor tricks were all about misdirection, and she'd found through experience that she would always be ahead of her dad, at least in that regard, because she could store small items in her bosom. Indeed, when she slipped a ten-dollar bill from the matchbox into her palm, she could tell it went undetected. The men continued to stare at her chest-until she lit a match.

"I'm allergic to smoke," Shane said.

"He's kidding," Elijah told Holly. "He has a job playing guitar in a bar."

"Where else am I going to get a job playing guitar?" Shane asked.

Holly crossed her eyes at them. There would be very little smoke. She touched the fire to the flash paper, which flamed large enough to make even Rob step back in surprise. The flash paper had burned away, but it seemed to Holly's audience to have turned into the ten-dollar bill, which she now unrolled from her palm.

Shrugging the strap of her purse onto his shoulder, Elijah beamed and clapped for her.

"Wow, is that a real ten?" Shane reached out to finger the money.

"You're supposed to use a hundred so it will look more impressive," Holly said, "but I went shopping with Kaylee Michaels. Aren't these cute?" She pulled up her jeans leg and showed them her new shoes.

"They're adorable!" Elijah exclaimed.

"Thank you! I got them at-" When she realized he was poking fun at her, she shoved him playfully in the chest.

Both of them laughed.

Then both of them self-consciously half looked toward Rob and stopped laughing. Elijah handed her purse back.

Shane filled the silence. "Could you come live with us? If you did that trick a few times a week, we'd have satellite TV paid for."

Rob asked her matter-of-factly, "You like performing for my roommates? You like turning tricks for my friends?"

She frowned at Rob. Because her job required her to dress provocatively, and had required this of her since she was a high school freshman, she was particularly annoyed by prostitute jokes.

She reminded herself that her parents loved Rob. They'd talked with him for only five minutes last week, but he'd won them over in that short space. They were impressed that he was older than her and employed as a sheriff's deputy. They viewed him as strong and stable, someone who could take care of her if her MAD flared up.

But maybe she didn't need a man to take care of her. Mentafixol controlled her MAD. And she'd rather go crazy than be stuck with this prick. If she stayed with him for another second she might just slap him, MAD or no MAD. "Excuse me," she said icily, turning for the hallway, where she assumed she'd find a bathroom. There she could collect herself and figure out what to do.

As she turned, she glimpsed Elijah's face. Just for a second. She was too furious and embarrassed to pause and examine his expression. But in that moment, his look wasn't one of anger at Rob or sympathy for her. It was astonishment, as if he'd suddenly realized something about her that he hadn't known before.

"Smooth, Rob," she heard Shane say behind her.

Then came Rob's footsteps. "Holly. Why are you shy all of a sudden? You don't have to be in the same room with my friends to perform for them. They just have to be able to-"

At the sound of him gaining on her, she skittered into the bathroom and locked the door behind her.

"-hear you," Rob called through the door.

Holly crossed to the far end of the narrow room, sat on the closed toilet, and pulled her phone from her purse.

Rob tried the knob, then pounded on the door. "Holly. Come here. Come here and open the door."

"I need some privacy," she muttered.

"Are you getting ready?" he asked in a hopeful tone.

"Yeah." She reached over to turn on the water in the bathtub. Yeah, she was freshening up for sex with him. Being called a whore in front of her high school crush turned her on. She texted Kaylee.

Rob is being weird/threatening/drunk. Can u come get me? Near the Strip, street with huge doughnut sign on corner, cop car in driveway. Or is my MAD acting up?

While waiting for the response, she had the foresight to turn off the volume on her phone so it wouldn't make the sound of Tinker Bell's magic wand when Kaylee replied.

It's not ur MAD. That guy's spooky. I'll be there in a sec with the goons.

Holly sighed her relief. She was saved. Then she frowned at the phone and typed with her thumbs:

When u met him last week u said u liked him!!!

And got this reply:

That's what's spooky. I don't like anybody.

True. Kaylee was suspicious of everyone. But spooky or not, Rob hadn't done anything to deserve Kaylee's squad of burly, suit-clad security guards breaking up his housekeeping. And she wasn't sure what would happen to Elijah and Shane in the fray. She texted Kaylee back.

Well don't come inside. Let me see if I can get outside to u. He has 2 cute roommates and the goons r not surgical.

Holly slipped her phone back into her purse. The tub still gushed, which would mask any noise she made in her great escape. She stood on the toilet, unlocked the tiny window, and slowly, carefully, silently slid it open. Then she folded her body through the dark space. Another girl the same size might have doubted she could get through, but Holly had been taught by the best. She landed on her high heels on the gravel outside, purse in tow, and tiptoed toward headlights approaching up the street.

Her parents would have been so proud.

4

Elijah watched Rob pound on the bathroom door and listened to him shout, "Holly! Open up!" Elijah thought he should intervene. Holly might have burned him back in high school, but her bubbly laugh-not to mention her long legs and high heels-made his chest ache. He should step forward, stop his suddenly insane roommate from pounding on the door, and let her out of captivity in a civilized manner. Maybe he would even play the protective hero card and make sure her cell phone number hadn't changed since ninth grade. He'd never dared text her since the night of his breakdown, but he still had her number saved in his phone.

However, he couldn't intervene. He stood paralyzed with shock. Holly was in his brain. Not on his brain, in it. He'd missed a dose of Mentafixol the previous night for the first time ever. And he'd awakened in the middle of the night absolutely certain that he was experiencing Rob's dreams from the bedroom next door. He'd known it wasn't possible, but the vision had been so vivid that he'd rolled onto his stomach and put his chin on his hands like he was watching a movie on his cell phone as Rob dashed through a Chicago subway station to save innocent commuters from a terrorist's bomb.

The dream had faded. Elijah had hoped that would be his only withdrawal symptom before he could locate more Mentafixol, and he'd finally made it back to sleep. But all day he'd felt flashes of other people's emotions-not nearly as strong and clear as they'd been that fateful night in ninth grade when he'd first come down with MAD, but stronger and clearer by the hour.

And now, standing at the entrance to the hallway with Rob pounding on the bathroom door, Elijah was certain Holly had jumped out the window and run away across the yard.

"Holly!" Rob's face turned a frightening red. Elijah had worried about other men who looked this way, guys losing at his mom's casino table. Sometimes when his mom dealt to a man like this, Elijah sat down and played at the table for a few minutes, just to make sure the guy didn't take his frustration out on his mom. Rob pounded harder on the door. Elijah would have been thankful Holly had escaped, except he knew his feeling that he could read people's minds was only a delusion.

"Fuuuuck!" Rob roared, flattening his hand for one last slap on the door. He turned to Shane, who leaned against the wall with his arms folded. "Sligh. You call to her."

"Why should I call to her?" Shane asked. "You think your date might be avoiding you because you suggested she was a prostitute? Nah, she'll come around. Pound on the door some more. She seems to like that."

Rob cursed at Shane, and the pounding on the door resumed as Elijah left the house. He glanced down the street. Only the streetlights stared patiently back at him through the still, hot night. No Holly. He knew his MAD caused delusions, but he couldn't shake the certainty that she was gone.

He had to be sure. He stepped off the porch and crunched through the gravel to stand beneath the small square of light from the open window. She might still be in the bathroom, hiding from Rob. Or something could have happened to her. She might be unconscious with her shiny brown curls spilled across the tile floor.

He put both hands inside the window frame and, arms straining, pulled his whole weight up the stucco wall to peer through the tight opening. Now he could see into the bright, empty room, but not through the opaque shower curtain to the inside of the bathtub. The window frame scraped both his shoulders at once. He was too big to fit through, but he had to know. She might be in trouble. She might need him.

He eased one shoulder through, then the other. He had nothing to brace himself against while he pulled his legs through. How had Holly done this in reverse? Maybe she hadn't. Maybe she was still in the tub. He wiggled through the window, extending his hands, until he reached the toilet. He managed to break his fall that way. Picking himself up from the floor, he raked back the shower curtain.

Empty. Nothing but water gushing from the faucet and swirling down the drain.

He was relieved, and not. Relieved that she was okay, that she had left the house. Horrified that his instinct about her had been right. If he started to believe he could read minds, he was really crazy.

He turned off the tap. The relative silence was filled up again by Rob's pounding. Elijah crossed the room to unlock and open the door.

Rob didn't look surprised to see Elijah standing there instead of Holly. He looked furious, as if he'd expected Elijah all along.

This thought stuck in Elijah's mind as something important, but of course he was no judge while he was going insane again. To cover for himself, he uttered the sort of joke he would have made if he still had all his marbles. "Abracadabra."

"Where is she?" Rob shoved past Elijah into the room.

Shane eyed Elijah, blond eyebrows raised in question.

Elijah shook his head no: Holly wasn't inside.

Shane called to Rob, "Your little magician vanished into thin air."

Shane and Elijah jumped out of the way as Rob stormed out of the bathroom and down the hall. His bedroom door slammed.

Elijah turned to Shane and lowered his voice. "Why do we room with him?"

"I've been asking myself that question all week," Shane said. "You're the one who took us both in."

True. Shane had moved in a year ago and had rapidly become Elijah's closest friend. Rob had moved in a week ago and had seemed normal, too, at first. It was only in the last fifteen minutes that he'd topped Elijah's shit list. "You don't think he'll hunt Holly down or something, do you?" Elijah asked.

"Nah," Shane said. "Or if he does, she's safe. She lives with Kaylee Michaels. She probably called Kaylee to come pick her up. Nobody messes with the head of security at the casino."

Elijah didn't ask Shane how he knew Holly lived with Kaylee. Kaylee had been on Shane's mind since he and Elijah had gotten home from work, to the point that Elijah would get the hots for her too if he wasn't careful. Shane was whipped.

Shane crossed the living room and flopped on the chair, pulling his guitar into his lap. Over quiet chords, he asked, "You and Holly have met before?"

Elijah headed back to the kitchen to check the Tuna Helper simmering on the stove, and to make one last search for a stray Mentafixol that he might have misplaced over the four years he'd lived there, back when each pill wasn't as precious to him as the gold it was made to look like. He knew some pills had gone missing over the years. He specifically remembered dropping one between the seat and the console of his mom's Camry when he was in high school. If he'd known then that the pill would be worth so much to him now, he never would have let her trade that car in.

He opened a drawer and poked around between the spoons. "I asked Holly out in ninth grade," he said without looking up. "Her parents thought I wasn't good enough for her. Her dad told me to stay away from her. He even got Mr. Diamond involved to make me feel as low on the food chain as possible. I got called to his office." And then I had a mental meltdown and punched Holly's dad in the eye! He left this part out.

The guitar chords stopped. Shane exclaimed, "Ouch!"

"Yeah." Elijah sighed. "That was a long time ago." At least, it had seemed like a long time ago until Holly showed up at his door with Rob, of all people. Every pang of longing he'd felt for her throughout high school had come back to knock the breath out of him when he touched her hand.

He'd lost his breath again when she stomped into the bathroom. That's when he'd sensed what was going through her mind. She felt vulnerable as a victim of MAD, and her parents seemed keen on pairing her off with a man like Rob who would take care of her, but damned if she was going to put up with the kind of treatment two-faced Rob had been giving her tonight. All these thoughts had rushed at Elijah in a wave: she had MAD just like him and four doses of Mentafixol left. Then she would refill her prescription-or she assumed she would, anyway-at the same casino pharmacy where his own pills had gone missing.

"Elijah," Shane called. "You look like shit. Are you getting worse?"

Elijah's mom had conditioned him over the years not to reveal his illness to anyone lest he get fired and she get fired and he suffer the hardscrabble life she had suffered at the Res, etc., etc. He was still hiding it from Rob.

But that morning, Shane had noticed something was wrong after Elijah couldn't refill his prescription. Elijah had finally admitted he had a mental illness-though he didn't reveal the scary specifics of imagined mind reading. Shane had cracked only a few jokes about living with a maniac for the past year.

Elijah resumed searching the kitchen drawer for a stray pill. If he did find one, likely it would be coated with a mix of tequila and Tabasco and dirt, a victim of four years in a house with college students. That was okay. He would swallow it without even scrubbing it first. "Yeah, you could say I'm getting worse."

"Do you want me to make dinner tonight?"

Elijah let a bitter puff of laughter escape. He and Shane and Rob worked second shift, which moved their bedtimes and mealtimes a few hours later. Normally Elijah didn't mind making Tuna Helper for the three of them at 11 p.m. He was used to cooking dinner for himself because his mom had always worked at night when he was a kid.

However, amid the torture of going crazy, cooking was the furthest thing from his mind. Shane watching the Tuna Helper on the stove would not alleviate the delusion that Elijah could read people's minds. But Shane was only trying to help. Elijah could sense that from across the room by reading his mind. Jesus!

"No thanks," Elijah said. "I'll do it, unless you're afraid I might stab somebody with my serving fork. Besides, it's mostly made." He slammed the drawer shut and opened the next one, which was full of knives. There was no reason he would have dropped one of his pills in the knife drawer during the past four years. He dumped the knives onto the counter anyway with a metallic crash and gingerly scooted them around, looking for his gold pill.

He jumped. As several knives flew through the air and clattered onto the counter, he realized what had startled him. His phone was ringing in his back pocket.

Shane was thinking he should take Elijah to the emergency room.

"Don't you dare!" Elijah yelled over his ringing phone.

Shane looked up at Elijah in surprise.

"I know what you're thinking." Elijah cringed. He'd just admitted his delusion to Shane. Maybe it would pass for a figure of speech. "I have a doctor. I've been diagnosed. All I need is my medicine. If you take me to the hospital, they're liable to lock me up in a mental institution."

Shane was thinking that might be for the best.

Elijah didn't answer this time. Repeated verbal protestations of his friend's imagined thoughts would only land him in the loony bin sooner. He pulled his phone from his pocket, glanced at the screen, and clicked it on. "Hi, Mom. How's Key West?"

"Don't you hi Mom me," she growled. "You were at the casino pharmacy tonight."

"I was," he acknowledged.

"And at noon," she said. "And this morning. And last night. You've been in there so many times that they just called me on vacation to ask me if you're having a flare-up."

"Of course I'm having a flare-up." Suddenly self-conscious, he glanced down the hall to make sure Rob's bedroom door was still shut. He lowered his voice. "The pharmacy's out of my medicine. They're expecting a shipment."

"Then you just pipe down and wait for the shipment," his mom seethed. "Let them call you when it comes in. Pitching fits all over the casino won't get it there any faster."

"I haven't been pitching fits all over the-" He stopped when Shane's eyebrows went up. Elijah had raised his voice again.

"You can't let the whole casino know you have MAD," his mom insisted. "What are you trying to do, get me fired and get yourself trapped at the Res? I struggled to get out of the Res. You never lived there. You don't know how good you have it. Blah blah blah Res blah blah blah."

As always, Elijah tuned out when his mom brought up the reservation. He was so ignorant of the customs of her Native American family that these threats never had the effect he thought his mom intended. But they'd certainly had the effect of driving him out of her house the second he graduated from high school four years ago.

"Res Res Res blah blah blah," she went on. "And can't I leave town for a vacation without you stirring up trouble?"

Elijah did feel bad about this. It was unfortunate his medicine had gone missing during his mom's trip, and worse that the pharmacy had disturbed her. But his MAD was hereditary, and if his mom didn't want a crazy son, she shouldn't have hooked up with his crazy dad. Instead of mentioning this, he repeated, "How's Key West?" in a level tone, hoping she'd hear that she was the one who sounded like a nutcase in comparison.

She giggled. "What happens in the Keys stays in the Keys."

"Great!" he said. "I look forward to not hearing about it when you get back."

"Okay, honey." Her tone softened. "I didn't mean to be sharp with you. Are you going to make it?"

"Sure," he lied. "My Mentafixol will probably be at the pharmacy tomorrow. I can survive until then."

He and his mom exchanged a few more words, but he'd stopped paying attention. Shane was fingering the opening of the Frank Sinatra song "I've Got You Under My Skin" on his guitar, gazing at Elijah.

Elijah had the strangest sensation of standing in the kitchen, listening to his mom on the phone, smelling the Tuna Helper begin to scorch, and seeing himself in Shane's mind at the same time. He watched himself in his UNLV LACROSSE T-shirt, phone to his ear, in the middle of a kitchen that hadn't been remodeled since the house was built in 1970. Nothing unusual about this scene, except that Elijah was reading Shane's mind to witness it.

Talking to his mom and watched closely by his best friend, Elijah had never felt so alone.

Holly dove through the open door of the limo and yelled, "Go!" as if Rob were in hot pursuit. She braced herself against the seat, anticipating that the limo would screech into motion. Any second now.

The limo stayed put. Kaylee, on the backward seat facing Holly, typed on a laptop balanced across her knees. Though it was 11 p.m., she still wore the stylish dark suit she'd slipped on early that morning before leaving their apartment for work, just a shadow of cle**age peeking from beneath her gold silk blouse. Even her white-blond hair maintained its stylish fringe. With a calm glance up at Holly, she reached over to tug the heavy door shut, then knocked behind her on the glass pane separating them from the chauffeur. Obediently the limo eased down the street.

"So, did you make another date with Rob?" she asked.

With a sigh, Holly flopped over and stretched out on her seat. "Ha-ha. Do you think I overreacted?"

"What exactly did he do?"

Staring up at the dome light, and bracing herself again as the limo gently swayed around a corner, Holly recounted Rob's quick descent into creepy.

"He did what?" Kaylee exclaimed when Holly got to the part where Rob shot a hole in the ceiling. "A trained cop made that mistake? Now I'm paranoid." Kaylee pulled her own pistol from the holster on her hip, popped the clip out, and examined it with one eye shut.

"Put that thing away," Holly said quickly. "It was an accident. He wasn't violent, just rude. Jumping out the bathroom window probably wasn't the best decision. I think I'm paranoid because of my ... you know."

Kaylee glanced around at the chauffeur behind glass, then asked softly, "MAD?"

Holly cringed at the acronym. Her mom had done an excellent job impressing upon her the absolute necessity of secrecy when it came to her mental illness. But as head of security at the casino, Kaylee knew anyway. The casino employed Holly and tolerated her, but they considered her a threat. Her parents had said they were letting her move into the apartment with Kaylee because Kaylee would protect her from fans, but Holly suspected it was really so Kaylee could keep tabs on her.

"Yeah," Kaylee said thoughtfully, "I think you might overreact sometimes because you're hyperaware of your own problem, and you're terrified of what you might do if you got in a sticky situation."

"I meant that maybe my Mentafixol doesn't take care of all my symptoms." Speaking of which, it was that time of night. Holly fished in her purse for the bottle of Mentafixol, shook a pill into her hand, and rattled the three pretty gold pills left in the bottle. She would need to get a refill from the casino pharmacy in a few days. Then she reached beneath her, opened the refrigerated compartment built into the base of the seat, and felt around for a bottle of water.

"I haven't seen you staring holes in people like you were trying to lift them with your mind," Kaylee pointed out. "So you're probably okay." Typing on her keyboard, she said, "Tell me about Rob's cute roommates."

Holly sat up on the seat, popped a Mentafixol onto her tongue, and chased it with water. The cold liquid shot down her esophagus and seemed to tear her body in two. She coughed, "One of them was Elijah Brown."

"Elijah Brown!" Kaylee exclaimed, hands on her thighs, blue eyes wide.

"Yeah," Holly said. Maybe her parents still didn't want her to see him, and they'd conveyed this to the casino and Kaylee. Holly bridled at the thought that they were conspiring behind her back. "What's wrong with Elijah Brown?"

"Nothing." Kaylee put her hands up. "Isn't he a carpenter for the casino? His mom is Jasmine, the head dealer? You said his name like he's a movie star."

Relieved that Kaylee hadn't been given special instructions to keep her away from Elijah, Holly let herself smile in reverie. "I knew him in high school. He was adorable back then. But now." She crossed her arms and rubbed her hands on her biceps. She wouldn't be able to explain to Kaylee she was enthralled by more than Elijah's muscles. It was the way those big muscles half hid beneath the sleeves of his T-shirt. It was the fact that they belonged to Elijah, who was sweet and funny and forbidden-at least, he had been forbidden, seven years ago. It was the fact that she associated him with a time in her life right before she was diagnosed with MAD, when she didn't worry about her brain or her future, only her hair, and cute boys. What if Elijah didn't think Holly was insane for jumping out his bathroom window, and she found a way to reconnect with him? She shivered with anticipated pleasure.

"That good, huh?"

"Yeah." Letting Kaylee get back to work, Holly stared out at the Strip. The signs blinked pink and green against the black sky. Neon lights reflected in the faces of the tourists, ecstatic with escape.

Since that day in ninth grade, Holly had felt like a small gray blob surrounded by this ecstasy and color. The very idea of getting together with Elijah had lit her up again. She should back away now, retreat into her blob, forget Elijah. But blue and purple lights chased each other in circles around the thought of Elijah like a beautiful promise, and she just couldn't let that fantasy go.

Rob's bedroom door burst open. He stomped into the living room.

"Find your magician waiting in your bed, Rob?" Shane asked.

"Fuck you, Sligh," Rob shot back. "Mom, when's dinner?" he called loudly, though Elijah stood only five feet from him, behind the kitchen counter. "Chop chop. I'm meeting my brothers for a drink. And go easy on the salt this time, would ya, Dangermouse?"

"Almost done." Elijah tried to say it lightly rather than resentfully as he removed the lid from the skillet, stirred, and put the lid back on to simmer for another minute. He hated himself for seeming to kowtow to Rob. Fear of MAD made him overcompensate-especially now that it was breathing down his neck. The last thing he needed was for Rob, in law enforcement, and an ass**le as it turned out, to discover Elijah's mental illness and his missing medication.

Rob stared at him through the steam with his fists on his hips, like a superhero there to save the day and protect Las Vegas from the psycho. He looked from Elijah to Shane and back to Elijah. "What happened?" he asked suspiciously.

"Nothing," Elijah and Shane said in unison. Inside his mind, Elijah felt Shane wince, the mental equivalent of grunting doh!

Rob nodded to the counter. "What's with all the knives?"

"They're for the Tuna Helper," Elijah said. "The formula's changed. It's not as helpful as it used to be."

Rob stepped closer to Elijah and looked him straight in the eye. Of course Elijah was imagining his own mind-reading capabilities. But they seemed so real. And right now, he almost believed he was inside Rob's mind as Rob positioned his forearm across Holly's slender neck and bore his weight down on her throat. She put both hands around his arm and tried to push him away, but he was too strong and heavy. She gasped hoarsely.

Elijah blinked. He was out of Rob's head again, staring into Rob's brown eyes, and the hair on Elijah's arms was standing on end. Had Rob already done this to Holly? Surely not-Elijah would have sensed her terror tonight. Was it something Rob planned to do in the future?

Swallowing with difficulty, Elijah raked the knives back into the drawer and opened a drawer full of scoops and outsized spoons.

"You searched that one already," Shane called, eyes on his guitar strings.

Had he? Elijah glanced around at the kitchen. He knew he'd intended to search each drawer and cabinet because this was where he'd taken his pill every night he'd lived here. But MAD had him frazzled. It would be like him to search the same couple of drawers over and over while the pill waited undiscovered on the shelf above the sink.

Rob watched Elijah, but his thoughts weren't on knives or spoons or even Tuna Helper. Inside his mind, he slapped Holly. Falling, she tried to regain her balance and flipped backward over a guardrail at Hoover Dam. Her body sailed downward, glittering and dark against the background of white concrete.

Elijah held on to the counter with both hands.

Without another word, Rob crossed the room, snagged his loaded holster from the coat rack, and slammed the front door behind him.

"Good riddance," Shane said. "More Tuna Helper for us." He paused. "Hey, man, you're looking awfully white again. You okay?"

That's when Elijah knew he had to get that Mentafixol, no matter what the price. It wasn't just a matter of living free or being committed to a mental hospital anymore. It was a matter of life and death. He imagined Rob wanted to hurt Holly. In turn, Elijah wanted to hurt Rob. And if he didn't get back on his medication soon, he just might do it.

5

Kaylee power-walked across the casino floor in her power suit and power heels, feeling oddly powerless. After dropping Holly off at their apartment the previous night, Kaylee had returned to work, had finally crawled into bed at two, and was back at the casino by eight in the morning. Normally this schedule didn't faze her, nor did handling security at one of the Strip's largest and most profitable casinos, or defending Holly from everyday stalkers like Rob the Cop. But the additional responsibilities of protecting the casino from the Res and withdrawing two people from Mentafixol at one time, all while keeping Mr. Diamond's death a secret, might be the death of her, too.

As she walked, the lights and bells of the slot machines tickled her ears, but she focused on the blackjack table directly in front of her. Tia, a dealer and one of the weak mind readers Kaylee relied on so heavily, glanced at the punk with a green Mohawk on the left end of the table, then the little old lady on the right, indicating to Kaylee that this was the unlikely pair counting cards. It was a good thing Kaylee had Tia, because the security team without powers watching these two on camera hadn't reported anything suspicious.

Kaylee stopped at the last slot machine on the row, unlocked it with a key from the ring on her belt (unfashionable and dowdy in comparison with her power heels, but a necessity of the job), and opened the front. Fingering the mechanisms inside-gears, chutes, wheels printed with cartoon diamonds-she looked over her shoulder and shot a command at the punk: Counting cards at this casino is not a good idea. Her fingers flattened inside the machine as she used her power. Delicious prickles rushed through her.

The punk, seemingly deep in concentration on his cards, looked up at Tia in surprise and shifted back from the table. He couldn't leave in the middle of the hand for fear of looking suspicious, but clearly he was headed in that direction.

Kaylee turned to her attention the little old lady and thought, Counting cards at this casino is not a good idea. She was vaguely aware that she gripped the gears inside the machine hard enough to make impressions in her fingertips, but she was trying to keep herself upright against the onslaught of prickles.

The hand at the blackjack table ended. The punk jumped up. The little old lady was so discombobulated that she couldn't help glancing at the punk: her first tell. She backed her motorized scooter away from the table. The dangling balls on her long earrings swung furiously.

After sharing a final look with Tia, Kaylee locked up the slot machine. Job well done. Kaylee wasn't head of security for nothing. Without calling the police or resorting to violence, which would draw attention to the casino and the people with power seeking refuge there, she'd gotten rid of the cheaters. Let Treasure Island deal with them. She headed for the high-rollers section, where another of her weak mind readers thought she'd sensed someone from the Res walking by-again.

Kaylee's phone buzzed in her pocket. She pulled it out and glanced at the screen. Elijah Brown's mom was calling, despite the fact that Kaylee had sent her and three of her closest friends on vacation to Key West. This Mentafixol business would be the death of Kaylee. She clicked the phone on and said brightly, "Hi, Jasmine! Enjoying the Keys?"

"The pharmacy called me last night to make sure Elijah was okay," Jasmine whispered. "I'm trying to play it cool like you told me, but ... I don't know, Kaylee. It's different when it's your own son."

"The pharmacy doesn't know anything," Kaylee assured her. "They think he's really crazy. You should be glad they followed up with you. It means we have an excellent company health plan."

"Kaylee Michaels, you cut the crap with me."

"Hold on, Jasmine." Kaylee's phone was beeping. She looked at the screen, then returned it to her ear. "Elijah's calling the number the casino gave him for Dr. Gray."

"Is that guy going to pick up?" Jasmine asked. "What is he going to say?"

"Elijah will hear a message that the number's been disconnected," Kaylee said. "The man who played Dr. Gray turned up dead a while ago."

Jasmine gasped. "Did the Res kill him?"

Kaylee honestly didn't know. She had her suspicions. But all she said was, "We never have proof."

"Kaylee," Jasmine said, "I'm coming home."

"No!" Kaylee stopped at the end of the long row of slot machines and slowly turned all the way around, making sure no one sat at a machine within fifteen feet of her, the range of the strongest mind readers. The Res infiltrating her casino made her very nervous.

Then she whispered into the phone, "You can't come home. Elijah will be a much stronger mind reader than you are. You won't be able to block him. He'll know instantly we've been manipulating him. He might wig out and run straight to the Res. Is that what you want?"

"No, that's not what I want," Jasmine said indignantly. "Just ... Kaylee, can I please talk to Mr. Diamond? If he thinks Elijah needs to be pulled off Mentafixol to help protect the casino, I trust him. If he's put you in charge of it, I trust you too. But this is the first withdrawal you've handled by yourself. It's my son. And you're withdrawing Holly at the same time."

So you don't trust me, Kaylee could have pointed out. But that would diminish her facade as a calm, cool, and collected head of security whose feelings couldn't be hurt. Besides, truth be told, she didn't trust herself.

"I'm sorry." Kaylee adopted a distant tone, her last resort when people at the casino demanded more than she was willing to give. "Mr. Diamond is unavailable for discussion. He gave me no choice in the matter."

"I know," Jasmine wailed. "I just-"

"Look, you're coming back in four days," Kaylee said. "Elijah will be almost a week off Mentafixol at that point, and everything will be over." Everything for him, at least. Holly would be only two days off Mentafixol. Kaylee had scheduled Holly's withdrawal to coincide with Peter Starr's impossible feat of physical stamina. She'd advertised his performance all over the city so he couldn't change the date, to keep him occupied and out of the way. He was a weak levitator anyway, and his power had faded too much with age for him to be much help. Kaylee would follow Holly around town herself, bribing people Holly injured, changing the minds of everyone at the jail to bail Holly out. People coming off the drug were predictable in their unpredictability. They were understandably angry that they'd been robbed of their powers and told they were crazy since they were teenagers. The first people they went after were often their parents.

"I do trust you, honey. I do trust you," Jasmine was repeating, as if trying to convince herself.

"Good," Kaylee said. Across the floor, framed by the flashing lights of the machines, Shane Sligh slipped out of the Peacock Room. He was deep in conversation with the casino's transvestite Marilyn Monroe impersonator-some heady theoretical conversation about music, Kaylee assumed from eavesdropping on Shane many times-but the instant he spotted Kaylee, his eyes locked with hers.

"Jasmine, minor security crisis, gotta go, okay? See you Monday." Kaylee pocketed her phone and walked straight toward Shane.

His blue eyes lit up, which broke her heart every time. Shane, in costume for his dad's Frank Sinatra band, was hard to take seriously at first glance. But his black tux fit him really well. His quick, dry wit and the knowing look in his eyes told her if any guy without power could empathize with what she'd been through, it would be him. That's what made him so tempting, and that's what made him trouble. She couldn't afford to get tangled in a relationship right now, maybe not ever-for her sake, and for his.

As she came within range, he made one more comment to Marilyn Monroe. Then he turned back to Kaylee, beamed at her, and took one step toward her.

She threw as hard as she could at him, Asking Kaylee out is not a good idea, and watched him step back to the wall again. Exquisite prickles rushed across her skin. She'd changed Shane's mind so many times in the year they'd both worked at the casino that she'd almost begun to look forward to the encounter. If she wasn't careful, she'd associate the sight of him with the pleasure of her power, like one of Pavlov's dogs.

Still power-walking across the crazy pattern in the carpet, she stole a glance back at him. He'd folded one arm across his tux and propped the other fist against his chin, hiding his mouth. But he leaned forward just enough that he could see her beyond Marilyn Monroe. He followed Kaylee with his eyes.

This time the prickles Kaylee felt didn't come from her power at all.

Only four more nights, Holly assured herself. Tonight, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. She and her parents took Monday night off. Tuesday her dad would perform his impossible feat of physical stamina. And then he would tell her his secrets, surely. She had to get through only four more nights as a brainless sex object onstage in a spangled bikini.

Her mom took care of the complicated parts of the magic trick, like yanking the red velvet curtain closed behind herself and balling her body into the tiny compartment underneath the rolling box to make it look as if she'd disappeared. Holly's dad did all the acting. He adopted a pained expression as if he were focusing on the box through the wisps of dry-ice smoke and willing Holly's mom to disappear. Holly's job was to stand smiling at the packed auditorium and make presentation motions with her fingers gracefully extended and her careful manicure on display. No concentration required.

Until a light flashed in her eyes. Cameras weren't allowed in the auditorium because the flash was blinding from the dark audience. She stood paralyzed, staring at bright spots marching across her field of view. She knew better than to take a step across the slick wooden stage in her high-heeled sandals until her vision cleared.

The prerecorded music over the speakers swelled to a dramatic climax, signaling that her dad had jerked open the curtain on the box to reveal-gasp-an empty space where her mom had been! This trick actually did cause Holly some anxiety. Her mom was getting older, and though she still rocked the stage in her own spangled bikini and high heels, her back had begun to bother her when she curled up in the bottom of the box, in a space so impossibly small that the audience believed she was gone. Flexible by comparison, Holly was the logical one to put herself through the most physically difficult part of the act.

Yet no one ever mentioned this possibility. Holly suspected her parents didn't quite trust her. She was a beloved dog, generally sweet-natured, that had once bitten its master. If they put Holly in the box, one missed cue would ruin the trick, exposing her dad for the fraud he and all magicians really were. Everyone knew magicians were frauds, of course, but no one wanted to see it.

In fact, Holly currently was missing a cue, and she hadn't even suffered a mental breakdown this time. She tried to blink the flashing spots away, unable to move on the stage. If she explained to her mom in the dressing room later that she'd been blinded and feared for her safety on high heels, her mom would one-up her with a story of a too-discerning crowd or a broken prop she'd faked her way through at some point in her many years as a Vegas magician's assistant. Holly stayed where she was and made presentation hands in the general direction of the velvet box she assumed to be empty.

Holly waited a few seconds until her dad swept across the stage, cape billowing behind him. She couldn't see the cape. She'd simply memorized the routine after endless rehearsals and performances. But now her vision had recovered to the point that she could step carefully to the box and twirl it on its casters, showing the crowd that indeed, her mom was gone in the front, her mom was gone in the back. The fact that her mom had stuffed herself underneath seemed so obvious to Holly. She could only assume that either the crowd honestly wanted to be fooled, or they were unable to complain about her dad's hokey tricks because Holly didn't pass around suggestion cards.

She'd just completed her second rotation with the box when the same flash blinded her, from the same place in the audience. Now she was supposed to take several steps away from the box so the spectators didn't suspect her of engineering the trick through some mechanism on the box itself. Yet with one hand she clung to the side of the box and what was left of her sense of balance. With the other hand, she made the presentation gesture.

Her dad brushed past her, elbowing her to wake her up. Obediently Holly took a few shaky steps away from the box. Luckily, for the next minute, no tasks needed her concentration. She simply stood by and grinned blindly at the audience while her dad lit the box on fire. She painted it anew every afternoon with nitrocellulose, which produced an impressive flame, convincing the crowd that her mom couldn't possibly survive unscathed if she were somehow hidden inside-her dad's banal twist on an old standby in every magician's arsenal.

Blinking through the spots before her eyes, Holly took the opportunity to scan the crowd for the source of the flash that had blinded her twice. She might not have as many years of experience in this business as her mom, but she had almost eight, and she knew the flash of a camera when she saw one. This had been no camera flash. The source was bigger. Wearing her pasted-on grin, she panned slowly across the seats, letting her eyes linger on the spot where she thought the flash had originated, even as her head moved away.

There it was again. She closed her eyes to avoid being blinded a third time, then opened one eye tentatively. Now the flash was dull enough that she could study it. It moved, almost as if it was meant to draw her attention. She panned her head in the other direction but kept her eyes on that mesmerizing light. The small rectangle moved up, down, then blinked brighter and dimmer. Someone was deliberately moving a mirror to reflect the spotlights into her eyes.

Elijah. Simultaneously she recognized him and was surprised she'd been able to pick him out seven rows back in the sea of faces dimly lit by the glow onstage. Her heart raced at the thought that he'd come to check on her. He didn't think she was a dork for bailing out of his bathroom window. He was concerned for her safety after her run-in with his unbalanced roommate.

A lovely little fantasy about her dream carpenter, but untrue. More likely he'd gotten bored with whatever he was nailing and slipped into the audience to catch the end of her dad's show. He'd blinded her with the mirror as a hello, not realizing how much damage he could have caused to her dad's act. She forgave him. People who weren't in showbiz had no idea how difficult it was to make magic look this easy. She resumed her slow head turn, grinning at everyone in the crowd.

Her attention snapped back to him as he held up one hand in a power fist. No-he turned his fist on its side and stuck out his thumb and first finger. Then he made an L. He was spelling to her in sign language, which they'd both learned in communications class their senior year in high school, before the teachers put a stop to it because students were spending whole periods signing to each other when the teachers made them turn their cell phones off. G-L-I-T-T-E-R-A-T-I, Elijah spelled, then the sign for midnight.

He wanted her to meet him at the Glitterati dance club at midnight?

Canned trumpets blasted at her from all directions. Time for her mom to reappear! Holly pirouetted around the box and extended her arms toward it, as if this helped the trick somehow. Her dad ripped back the velvet curtain to reveal-wonder of wonders-her mom, wearing a different color bikini!

Holly felt the force of the audience's cheer hit her in the center of her chest.

Smiling, she took the hand her dad offered her. With his other hand he assisted her mom down from the box, and the three of them stepped forward and bowed. Her dad, who had very limber fingers from many years' experience as a charlatan, managed to pinch Holly's pinkie. Hard.

He was right to reprimand her, she thought as she and her mom retrieved the levitation table from the wings and wheeled it center stage. She couldn't let one random flirtation from her high school crush distract her from her duties. She wanted her own act as an illusionist. She needed to stay on her parents' good side if she planned to use their tricks and their connections.

She caught the glittering gold hoops her mom threw her and passed them up and down her dad's supine body as he slowly rose from the levitation table, into the air. The audience ooohed. Holly had no idea how her dad pulled this trick off. Usually levitation tables were powered by carefully hidden hydraulics. Holly couldn't even see any wires on this one. Of all her dad's illusions, this was his most impressive, and in her opinion almost made up for the fact that she'd bought the hula hoops at the dollar store and coated them with spray glitter left over from one of her middle school art projects. As soon as she'd cleared his head with the hoops, she assumed a pageant pose at the end of the table and held both hoops high in the air as if she'd truly done something special this time.

And then, free to examine the audience again, she looked for Elijah. She couldn't help it. Parents and job and potential career be damned, Elijah Brown wanted her attention, and he had it. She squinted into the darkness for a sign language clarification of Glitterati at midnight and (she wished) Elijah's love for her that had never died.

He was gone.

Elijah ducked out the stage door and hurried down the stairs, into the bowels of the casino. He was a legitimate employee now, with benefits the same as anybody else, and access to all the shows because his boss trusted him. He kept reassuring himself of this. The only reason he felt tonight as if he'd done something wrong was that he had MAD, he had no Mentafixol, and the two days it took the drug to cycle out of his system were over.

Insomnia didn't help: he'd been up half the night with the same delusion from the night before that he was reading Rob's mind and experiencing his dreams. Over and over Rob had rushed through a Chicago subway station to find a hidden bomb before it was too late. Elijah was exhausted.

Nodding to showgirls who called his name as they tiptoed past in their stilettos and feathers, he hurried down the corridor to the casino health clinic and approached the pharmacy counter. Good, a different clerk manned the register from the one who'd been there that morning when he'd checked fruitlessly.

Thirty-six hours off the drug at the time, he hadn't gotten angry. Instead, he'd called Dr. Gray and listened to the message that the number had been disconnected. Then he'd flipped frantically through the phone book. Dr. Gray wasn't listed. He'd peeked into the casino health center and asked for Dr. Gray. They'd never heard of him. Elijah had pressed the button on his cell to call his mom and get more information about the disappearing doctor who'd diagnosed him with MAD and prescribed Mentafixol in the first place seven years ago.

Elijah had hung up before the call went through. He was twenty-one years old, after all, and it was getting a bit pathetic for him to call his mom to figure out stuff like this for him. He was growing desperate, yes, but that was probably a symptom of MAD-a symptom he'd best hide before he landed in an insane asylum. Or got himself booted to the Res blah blah.

But that had been at thirty-six hours. Forty-eight hours off the drug now, he was angry. At his mom, at Dr. Gray, at the pharmacy, at the drug company that had neglected to send their shipment as usual. Angry that he'd been forced to drag Holly Starr into this. But if that shipment of Mentafixol didn't come in before her own prescription ran out, she'd get dragged into it no matter what Elijah did.

Now he smiled his most winning, least insane smile at the pharmacy clerk. "I have a prescription in your computer for Mentafixol. When I came in to fill it two days ago, the clerk said you're out. I'm just checking to see if the shipment came in."

"Mentafixol," the girl murmured like this was a new one to her. She took his name and typed on her computer. Obviously no one had gotten wise and included a message with his prescription information that said "WATCH OUT FOR THIS ONE! HE'S CRAZY WHEN UNMEDICATED!" because the girl didn't hit a panic button under the counter-anyway, not that Elijah could sense with his imagined mind-reading abilities. She said simply, "Let me check in the back," and disappeared behind shelves of colorful boxes and bottles.

While Elijah leaned against the counter for strength, praying that his medicine would miraculously appear, a large brown bear shuffled in. He was from the Animal Instincts sexy acrobatics show, Stage 3. Elijah had fixed their trampoline last week. The bear went to a second cash register. Elijah was too far away to hear the bear's conversation with another clerk, but in his mind he heard perfectly that the bear was picking up his blood pressure medicine. Elijah hoped this bear appreciated the ease with which he refilled his prescription. Having MAD was a bummer, but Mentafixol at least allowed Elijah to function. He swore that when he finally got his hands on this drug, he would never, ever take modern medicine for granted again.

Two Mile High Candy Co.

Icarus, CO

With a start, Elijah blinked the words away and looked around. Visions like this, voices in his head-these were exactly the symptoms MAD had served him seven years ago. But this time they came with a side order of panic, because he recognized them for what they were: a dinner reservation in the loony bin. Sure enough, even before the clerk reappeared around the shelf, Elijah knew she was coming, with bad news.

She held an empty box. "Sorry! That shipment still hasn't come in. Have you tried other pharmacies around town?"

"I have," Elijah said. That morning he'd called half the pharmacies in Las Vegas. Shane had called the other half while eyeing Elijah and telling him he didn't look so hot. "They've never heard of Mentafixol."

"I hadn't either, until now. I wonder if we get it on special order just for you."

Elijah knew they didn't get it just for him. For him and Holly, maybe, but not just for him. "Is there a generic?"

"Your doctor would have to prescribe the generic." The clerk examined the empty box curiously.

Two Mile High Candy Co.

Icarus, CO

Elijah blinked and leaned weakly against the counter. It was unnerving to have something pop into his head like that. This was not how normal brains worked, and it was not how his own brain worked-not in the last seven years, anyway.

The clerk continued to stare at the box, unaware that she was giving Elijah a conniption. Edging closer, Elijah glimpsed the address label that held her attention. Surely it didn't say "Two Mile High Candy Co., Icarus, CO." If it did, he was going to freak out, because that would certify he could see in his head what someone else was reading. He nodded to the box. "Can I look at that?"

The clerk made a motion to hand it over, then froze. Elijah heard what she was thinking: Oh no, this is the guy they were talking about on dinner break, the one who's been in here five times in the past forty-eight hours and has some kind of mental illness. Should I call the police?

He had to know whether he'd really predicted what the box said. But he couldn't risk snatching it from her and landing himself in jail, then the loony bin. "Never mind. Thanks." He backed out of the room.

He pushed open the door and hurried toward the elevators, trying not to look like he was hurrying, because the casino had surveillance cameras everywhere. The underground corridors recently had been repainted from dull white to gloss white to fool employees into thinking they weren't underneath megatons of concrete and steel that could collapse on them at any second. Don't panic.

The elevator ride was torture. The imagined problems of strangers assaulted him from all sides. Finally he escaped onto the casino floor, which was crowded at 9 p.m., the busiest time of night. Carefully he wound his way through the gaming tables and the islands of beeping, blinking slot machines, staying as far away from people as possible so their thoughts couldn't stomp into his consciousness. Veering toward the far wall, he swung open a door and ducked inside.

After the hyperactive lights of the casino floor, the Peacock Room was so dark that he could hardly see at first. He waited until his eyes adjusted and the giant peacock feathers appeared, the design starting in the center of the room and extending through the carpet and up the walls to touch the ceiling. Elijah had always thought the room looked as if a giant bird were sitting on him until he cried uncle, but he'd never felt the pressure of the peacock's gargantuan ass until his MAD started acting up.

He slid into a chair at the nearest empty table and braced himself against the bar waitress's X-rated thoughts about him. She slid a nonalcoholic beer in front of him and kissed him on the cheek, leaving oily lipstick that he rubbed off his skin when she wasn't looking. He couldn't mix alcohol with Mentafixol, so when he'd started coming in to see Shane's band and she'd offered to bring him anything he wanted, he'd given her a line about not wanting to drink because his dad had been an alcoholic-which could have been true, for all he knew. Of course, now that he was off Mentafixol, he supposed he could drink real beer. It might do him good. He watched the drops of perspiration on the bottle loosen with the vibration of the music and scoot down the brown glass, onto his shaking hand.

Onstage, Shane's dad, looking every inch Frank Sinatra in the early 1960s, ended "Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered" with a flourish of his guitar. He took a bow along with the other members of the band: Shane in the shadows, Shane's uncle on drums, and Shane's brother playing bass. Over the smattering of applause, Shane's dad turned around and said something to Shane.

Shane stepped forward to the edge of the stage and squinted at Elijah. He held up one finger: one more song until the end of that set. He spoke in his dad's ear before melting into the background.

"This next one goes out to our friend Elijah," Frank Sinatra announced into the microphone. " 'The Best Is Yet to Come.' One, two ..." Either Shane was optimistic about Elijah's prognosis and wanted to cheer him up, or he knew Elijah was doomed and had a sick sense of humor.

After the song, the rest of the band cleared the stage to take ten. Shane motioned Elijah into the wings, where he sat in a chair with his guitar in his lap and twisted one of the tuning pegs, unwinding a string.

"I need you to go with me to Glitterati," Elijah said.

"Glitterati!" Shane exclaimed without looking up. He pulled the slack string out the back of the guitar and bent down to fish in his case for a replacement. "That's a dance club for girls and transvestites. We won't fit in."

He had a point. Perhaps fifty percent of Glitterati's patrons would be wearing feather boas. Elijah might not fit in, but he was used to that. MAD was never far from his mind. He didn't fit in anywhere. And he could have said something droll in response to Shane's claim that Shane himself didn't fit in with weirdos, what with the tux and the slick 1960s hairdo. But Elijah wasn't in the mood to laugh right now. He was in some serious shit.

"I asked Holly Starr to meet me at midnight because she may have an extra pill she can loan me," he explained.

Shane looked up from unrolling the new string from its package. "Holly Starr has a Mentafixol pill?"

Elijah nodded. "She has MAD like I do." Next Shane would ask how Elijah knew this, and Elijah wouldn't know what to say. He'd probably overheard her talking about it to a friend sometime in the past seven years and subconsciously filed it away, but he couldn't know for sure. And he didn't want to admit that the way he perceived things, he'd read her mind when she came to their house with Rob last night. He hated to lie, especially to Shane, but he wasn't sure how the whole I have a delusion that I can read minds thing would go over.

Shane only watched him intently.

"And ... girls like girly bars," Elijah ventured. "I chose a place she might go on her own, so it won't seem strange to her parents."

"Why do you care what her parents think?" Shane asked. "Why don't you just go up to her here at the casino and ask to borrow a pill, instead of sneaking around like this? In ninth grade, if her dad and Mr. Diamond told me to stay away from her, I would have shit my pants. But now?" He raised one eyebrow. He was thinking that Elijah was even more of a pu**y than he'd previously assumed.

Elijah glared at Shane as if he'd only seen the raised eyebrow. He did not kick over the chair and throttle Shane. That would give away that he'd sensed the pu**y accusation because he could read minds, hello!

"Holly's dad had enough clout even back then to order me around while threatening my mom's job, with the owner of the casino in the room," Elijah explained. "Mr. Starr has even more sway now. I have to be careful not to get my mom fired." Res Res Res blah blah blah.

"But even if you meet Holly and get your pill without her parents knowing, she won't be able to go to Glitterati without the casino tagging along," Shane said. Kaylee jumped into his mind.

Elijah's pulse picked up to match Shane's excitement about Kaylee. "Exactly," Elijah said. "The beautiful, blond, five-foot-four casino."

"The beautiful, blond casino who packs a subcompact Beretta," Shane said.

"You pack a Glock," Elijah pointed out. In fact, he'd never understood Shane's paranoia about the dangers of Vegas. But it was an attitude Shane seemed to share with the rest of his well-armed family. After a year, Elijah had begun to grow used to the idea of guns in his house-until Rob shot a hole in the ceiling last night.

"I need you to go with me and distract Kaylee," Elijah explained. "It's easy to get lost in Glitterati. All I need is five minutes to convince Holly to give me one pill."

Shane drew the new string all the way up the neck of the guitar and threaded it into the tuning peg. He'd tried to ask Kaylee out dozens of times in the past year, but for some reason, just as he was about to open his mouth, he changed his mind. It wasn't like him to freeze around the ladies. He should probably give up and stay away from her.

"I would do it for you," Elijah said.

Shane knew this. Then Shane was thinking something very complicated about Elijah being a better brother to him than his own brother. He recalled the last time he and his brother had beaten the shit out of each other.

Elijah grabbed the guitar out of Shane's hands to snap Shane out of it. Elijah had enough problems. He couldn't handle Shane's too. Not now.

"All right!" Shane said. "I'll go with you to Glitterati and do my best to keep you out of trouble." He took the guitar carefully out of Elijah's hands and plucked the new string. "But you're playing with fire." His voice switched to a spot-on imitation of his dad impersonating Ol' Blue Eyes. "Thank you very much. Here's another one for my good friend Elijah Brown, who's in a world of hurt." He strummed the opening of "Someone to Watch Over Me."

6

"Do you feel okay, kiddo?" Holly's dad asked her. "You missed a cue or two. You never miss a cue."

Holly shrank back against the velvet couch that had seen the rise and fall of more than one Vegas showbiz career. She'd spent so much time in this dressing room that the couch seemed like her second home-until her dad questioned her about the night's performance. She didn't want to get Elijah in trouble.

Before she could think of an excuse for zoning out during the act, her mom swept in from behind a battered Japanese screen in her billowing silk dressing gown. "Elijah Brown," she said.

"What?" Holly and her dad both exclaimed.

"Elijah Brown was in the audience," her mom told her dad, "shining a mirror in Holly's eyes to distract her." She turned to Holly. "I can see out of that box, you know."

Looming closer over Holly on the couch, her dad flexed his fingers and said through his teeth, "I'll kill that little shit."

"Dad!" Holly protested.

"Peter." Holly's mom rebuffed him without taking her eyes off Holly. Sliding onto the couch, she squeezed Holly's shoulders. "We told you a long time ago to stay away from that boy, for your own good. His mother is a dealer. My God. I've seen him hanging around the casino, doing menial labor."

"It's called carpentry, Mom." Holly was leery of defending him when she was trying to stay on her parents' good side. But their distaste for him made zero sense. After they'd gotten so upset when he'd asked her to the ninth-grade prom, she'd expected them to turn snobby about her other friends too, but they hadn't. Their snobbery was reserved for Elijah only. And she couldn't stand to hear them talk about him like that. "He just graduated from UNLV like m-"

"What if you made a mistake one night and got stuck with him?" her mom wailed, as if Holly had just revealed a grand plan to seduce Elijah and bear his children. "You have to look out for yourself better than that. Your father and I won't be around to take care of you forever. What was wrong with that nice policeman you went out with?"

Holly straightened on the couch, pulling her shoulders away from her mom's hands. She half understood her mom's antifeminist perspective. Rob was gainfully employed in a hunky man-job. And Holly had a mental disease that required ongoing treatment. Behind her mom's words lurked the specter of Holly in middle age, off her meds, unkempt and ugly, stumbling down the Strip in a ripped spangled bikini, skipping her appointment for a manicure. Only a strong man would stand by her when times got bad.

Rob was not that man. Holly flared her nostrils in distaste as she explained, "Mom. Rob and I went on one date. We won't be going on another. I don't think he's stable." That morning he'd skulked outside her apartment in his sheriff's deputy car until Kaylee made a point of taking her pistol out on the porch to polish it in plain sight. Then he'd cruised out of the parking lot and down the palm-lined street.

"He can't be any less stable than Elijah Brown," her mom muttered.

"What's that supposed to mean?" Holly asked. "Elijah's not unstable."

Her parents exchanged a look over her head. Holly's mom took her hand. "Sweetie. We didn't tell you this all those years ago when he asked you out, because Elijah's mom doesn't want it spread around about him any more than we want it spread around about you. But Elijah has MAD."

"Oh." Too late Holly realized her oh should have sounded shocked, as if she'd discovered a corpse, rather than sympathetic with a lilt on the end, as if she'd found an adorable, wriggling puppy. Elijah and she had the same mental disease!

In what universe was this good news?

Her mom was still talking. "You remember how crazy you felt before you got on Mentafixol?" She raised her eyebrows and nodded, willing Holly to nod along. "Maybe Elijah's having an exacerbation. You see now why we didn't want you getting involved with him?"

"You mean you made me break my date to the prom with him just because he had the same condition I have?" Holly croaked in disbelief. "You're supposed to bring together people with the same disease, Mom, not keep them apart. We could have supported each other."

"And his mother is a dealer." Holly's mom examined her biggest diamond.

Holly shook with fury. All those years of feeling like she was utterly alone with her illness, and her parents had prevented her from seeing the one person she knew who had it too-Elijah, so sweet and funny, even back then. Her life would have been very different if they'd had each other to lean on.

She was on the verge of telling her parents to butt out of her business, once and for all. She was twenty-one, almost twenty-two, and no longer lived under their roof. They had no right to tell her what to do anymore. They'd done it for years. This was the last straw.

There was only the pesky point of sucking up to them so she could ease into the illusionist business herself.

Breathing through her nose and talking herself down, she convinced herself that standing up for her right to date Elijah wasn't worth the trouble. Not yet. She didn't even know what he wanted from her. He'd signed G-L-I-T-T-E-R-A-T-I to her during the show, not M-A-R-R-Y M-E.

Holly's dad paced in front of them, waving his fists in the air. "How long are you going to sugarcoat it for her, Lanie? That kid has an exacerbation, as you call it, and the first thing he does is come looking for Holly?"

"He was in the audience," Holly murmured. "He didn't do anything."

Now he pointed at Holly. "Don't go out with him. You hear me? Don't go anywhere near him, and don't let him get you alone."

"Don't let anybody strange get you alone, either," her mom said. "If strangers try to talk to you, tell us."

This odd directive struck Holly as something a parent would say to a five-year-old: Don't get into a stranger's car when he offers you candy.

"We'll take you to your apartment in the limo," her dad informed her, "in case that kid's hanging around."

"He's not hanging around." Holly yawned to show her dad how little she cared about Elijah Brown. "And you're not taking me to my apartment." No way was Holly giving up a crumb of the freedom she'd finally gleaned from her parents, just because Elijah was having an episode.

"We'll sit with you at the bus stop, then," her mom called.

"I'm going out with Kaylee. She'll pop down from her office and drive us." Holly wasn't supposed to drive while taking Mentafixol. Actually she'd never learned to drive, since she would probably take Mentafixol for the rest of her life.

"Oh, sweetie," her mom said. "I don't like the idea of you going out so late, especially without Rob."

Holly hoped she was going without Rob. She was so exasperated, she almost told her parents that Rob, alleged dreamboat, was rapidly morphing into a stalker. But then they really wouldn't let her use mass transit by herself. "Mom, the act lasts until 10 p.m. almost every night of the week. When else can I go out? And how can you worry about my safety when I'm with the head of security for the casino?"

This shut both her parents up. She'd always been surprised there hadn't been more commentary from them about how Kaylee shouldn't be the head of casino security as a twenty-two-year-old wisp of a girl. Sometimes Holly heard other employees at the casino make comments like this, but her parents never had.

With a few more sighs from Holly's mom and a very pointed threatening look from Holly's dad, the two of them donned matching white fur capes (on an eighty-degree June night in Vegas = style) and breezed out of the dressing room, headed for the casino limo that would drive them to their gated mansion on the outskirts of town.

The second they left, Holly stretched her arms over her head-ahhhh, free of them-and fished a single Hershey's Kiss from a secret compartment in her purse. Mmmmm.

Then she searched through the hangers on the wardrobe rack for something to change into for Glitterati. She chose a pair of jeans to wear with her sequined show shoes, her show bikini top, and a midriff-baring sweater.

She stood back and looked at herself objectively. Her eyes scanned her hair and makeup, down her body, and stopped below her belly button, hovering at the fly of her jeans. She turned to the side to make sure that long expanse of exposed tummy was perfectly flat, despite her mouthful of chocolate. She wondered if she looked as good to Elijah as she had seven years ago. His fingers, roughened from carpentry work, would find softness as they explored downward, fumbling below her navel to ease her jeans open......

Because that was what he wanted from her, right? Some sort of mutual MAD hookup? They must have subconsciously sensed each other's mental illness at his house last night. Otherwise their attraction was too much of a coincidence. He was having an exacerbation, his inhibitions were down, and he made a beeline for Holly, just as her dad had suggested.

With her fingertip she touched a little line between her brows, her first wrinkle, smoothing it away. Only a crazy girl would choose an insane carpenter over a cop, especially when going out with the insane carpenter would anger her parents, who held her career in their hands. But if that's what Elijah really wanted from her, that's what he would get.

At five before midnight, Holly and Kaylee hugged the petite Marilyn Monroe impersonator carding at the door, whom they knew because s/he also performed in the Peacock Room at the casino. Inside Glitterati they squeezed past the girls and transvestites writhing on the dance floor and found a table.

They sat close enough to hear each other over the throbbing beat. Holly hoped Kaylee might have a good time tonight, despite herself. She certainly looked the part of a fun-loving chick gone clubbing. Her wide blue eyes and platinum-blond hair made her appear younger than twenty-two, but her ample cle**age in a gold lame top canceled that out. Holly often had to remind herself that her roommate kept a pistol in her cute sequined handbag.

Kaylee nodded past Holly's shoulder. "There's your Elijah Brown."

"He's not my Elijah Brown." Holly felt herself blush. She was glad the nightclub was dark except for the pink strobes. On the drive over, Holly had tried to explain why she was meeting Elijah here. She hadn't implied Elijah was hers, because he wasn't-but now Kaylee's words heated Holly's cheeks with guilty pleasure. She looked where Kaylee was looking.

Although dancers filled the floor, the tables were empty save for a few frightened-looking women, obviously tourists. Holly had a clear view all the way across the room to Elijah. She marveled at the difference seven years had made. She remembered him being so hot in ninth grade, and so tall. As a college grad, he was still tall and lean, but his face was rugged with stubble, his wavy hair darker and wilder, his green eyes narrower. Now that she'd found out he had MAD, he looked to her like a dark and dangerous man-

-and then he leaned across the table toward Shane and laughed at something Shane had said. He looked like ninth grade when he laughed, she thought wistfully.

He and Shane had what appeared to be beer bottles in front of them. This surprised her again-not on Shane's account, but on Elijah's. Mentafixol and alcohol did not mix. The warning label said so, just as it said patients on Mentafixol should not drive or operate heavy machinery.

At first Holly hadn't believed the label. She didn't feel sleepier than normal on the drug. There was only a notable lack of hallucinations that she could make the furniture move. So she'd tried a few sips of beer once in tenth grade because all her friends were doing it. She'd blacked out, woken up the next morning under her friend's bed, and felt groggy that whole day. Though it looked like a beer from this distance, Elijah's drink must be a nonalcoholic beer or something else entirely.

Watching the guys sip from their bottles, she had an idea. "Kaylee, do you know Shane Sligh? I mean, you know all the casino employees, and I'm sure you have his Social Security number in your laptop, but do you know him? He plays guitar in that Frank Sinatra band in the Peacock Room. He's Elijah's other roommate. Come with me and I'll introduce you. Wait-Kaylee, don't look, but Shane's staring at you hard. Oooh, he's so handsome, too, in a retro way. Maybe he'll take you for a hamburger and a Coke float at the malt shop." She laughed at her own joke.

"I don't think so," Kaylee said.

"Or you could cheer him on when he races his car down at the aqueduct," Holly giggled. "He is, he's totally staring at you. Here he comes."

Still focused on Kaylee, Shane rose from his seat.

Kaylee watched Holly from beneath her white-blond bangs. "No, he doesn't."

Shane sat back down.

Rising herself, Kaylee grumbled, "I need a drink to brave this place. I'm ordering a cocktail and making a phone call. You go over there and talk to Elijah. Can I get you a diet soda?"

"A diet soda would be great." Holly wished Kaylee would go with her to greet Elijah. But she was a big girl and didn't need her friend for support when she talked to a cute guy. Besides, Kaylee probably had superspy stuff to attend to over the phone.

And when Holly looked back at Elijah again, she had to admit that she wasn't sorry to lose Kaylee for the moment. She'd had the idea that Kaylee might be interested in Shane, who really was adorable if you were into midcentury kitsch. But Kaylee might be interested in Elijah instead. Holly had no claim on him. Holly didn't think Kaylee would make a move on Elijah when she knew Holly was attracted to him-Kaylee wasn't like that-but stranger things had happened.

Plus, Kaylee was a striking platinum blonde.

Holly suddenly hoped Kaylee took a long time deciding what she wanted from the bar.

When Holly looked toward Elijah again, he was draining his beer. She squinted through the undulating darkness but still couldn't make out the label on the bottle at that distance.

Then Elijah said something to Shane, but he watched her. He cut his eyes and motioned with his head toward the back of the club, indicating he wanted to meet her there.

She jumped up, nearly knocking over her chair, way too eager for a girl playing it cool. She slipped off her cardigan and pulled at her top to make sure her cle**age showed, smoothed her curls behind her shoulders, and dove in. Her showgirl friends ground their hips against hers as she swam across the dance floor. Finally she crawled up the opposite bank, freeing herself from the grip of a trapeze artist who worked at the casino next door to Holly's. And there was Elijah, standing beside the last table, waiting for her.

Seeing him alone in the dark, surrounded by flashing lights-walking close enough to him to have a conversation with him over the booming bass line-she could have sworn she warmed ten degrees. The heat shot up her arms and spread across her chest as she smiled at him. "Hey, stranger! What's with all the secre-"

"Do you have some Mentafixol left?" he bit out.

Holly took a step backward in surprise, looking around to make sure no one had overheard-which would have been impossible, with a stack of speakers nearby. She couldn't hear him clearly over the physical pulse of the bass, but for a split second she thought he'd mentioned Mentafixol. Nobody was supposed to know about MAD. Yes, she knew about his MAD, but her parents had just spilled that to her a few hours ago. It hadn't occurred to her that he might know about hers.

"What did you say?" she exclaimed.

"Do you have any Mentafixol left? I take it too, but this time when I went to the health center at the casino to get my prescription refilled, the pharmacy was out."

At least, this is what Holly thought Elijah had said. But the pharmacy could not be out of Mentafixol. The pharmacy was never out. Her sanity, her whole life depended on it. "Did you say the pharmacy is out?"

"Yes." This was the first thing he'd said that Holly understood completely. And now that she examined him up close, she realized he might really be having that exacerbation her parents had warned her about. He looked feverish. His tight black T-shirt stuck to his pecs with sweat, and his wavy hairline shone. The pharmacy was definitely out.

"But how did you know I take Mentafixol?" she asked. Had everyone in high school and college known about this all along? Did everyone at the casino know? She would die.

He said something that Holly didn't catch.

"What?" she asked, feeling foolish for not being able to hear him at all, and wondering why he seemed to hear her perfectly without watching her lips.

"I just knew," he shouted. "The pharmacy said they should get a new shipment soon. They've been saying that for two days. In the meantime, I've come down off the drug, and you know what that's like."

"No, I don't." Holly shuddered. She was very careful to take her pill every night so she would never experience those symptoms again. Even if she hadn't been careful herself, her parents had been hawkish about her medicine while she lived with them. Now Kaylee reminded her to take it. God willing, that pill would stave off the symptoms of her disease for the rest of her life.

"I'm asking you for a pill," he said, "just one pill, to tide me over until the pharmacy gets a shipment in a few days. Then you'll have some more and I'll have some more, and we can go back to pretending everything's fine."

This talk of the pharmacy running out of Mentafixol scared the hell out of Holly. She had three days' worth of pills left in the prescription bottle in her purse. She took the pills with her everywhere so she'd always have one available. If she gave one to Elijah, she'd have two days' worth left. What if the health center still hadn't received a shipment on day three? What if the day she'd given away to Elijah was the very day her MAD caused her to be committed, or-worse-made her hurt another person?

Then again, what if she didn't give Elijah a pill, and he got committed or hurt another person tomorrow? She would never forgive herself. And if their positions were switched, she hoped Elijah would give her one of his pills.

"I would," he said.

She blinked at him in the flashing pink darkness. "What? You would what?"

"Do it for you."

Holly's heart raced as the thought struck her that Elijah could read her mind.

It was all this talk of going crazy. She was paranoid about being crazy, but she wasn't crazy, not as long as she took her Mentafixol. She talked herself down this way, breathing light and fast, looking into Elijah's green eyes.

Then she glanced around stealthily again. Someone might mistake a pill passed between them as a drug buy. Or someone might discover she was insane. Satisfied that no one was watching them, she reached into her purse, shook a shiny gold pill out of her prescription bottle, and held it out to Elijah in her palm.

He took it carefully with his thumb and forefinger, pinching her skin ever so gently, a pleasant tickle that shot across her hand and up her arm.

Then he looked at her and opened his mouth to thank her, she supposed. But something happened as she watched him.

He paused, lips parted.

Against her will, her gaze flitted to his lips. He was so hot, but now was not the time to get involved with him, when they were both struggling to enter the adult world with a disabling mental disease.

However, back in ninth grade, what would it have hurt for her parents to allow them to go to the prom together? She could have spent the night laughing with Elijah and stealing kisses from him. She pictured what it would be like to kiss him now.

Still holding the pill in his fingers, he reached up to his mouth. She thought he would swallow the pill dry. But when he paused, she realized he was only touching the pill to his bottom lip.

His pupils expanded almost to the rims of his green irises. Wide. Wanting.

Electricity rushed through her. She didn't dare breathe.

Then his other warm hand slipped around her neck. He pulled her close and kissed her deeply, sweeping his soft tongue inside her mouth.

A shove tore her away from Elijah and sent her reeling into the table and chairs behind her. The edge of a tabletop slashed across her back, but years of maneuvering in high heels enabled her to spin toward her aggressor.

Rob.

7

As Holly regained her balance, she realized Rob had shoved her and Elijah at once, pushing them away from each other. Now Rob turned his back on her and moved toward Elijah with a balled fist. Elijah still faced in the other direction. He couldn't see the fist coming at the back of his head. Holly opened her mouth to shriek a warning.

Inexplicably, Elijah ducked.

Rob's dense body followed the unchecked momentum of his fist. He crashed into the empty table behind Elijah. Chairs bounced against the wall. Rob came up holding one of them. Time seemed to stop as he stood with the heavy metal chair above him like a movie monster rising from the sea and towering over Tokyo.

Elijah was taller than Rob, but he was dwarfed by Rob plus chair. He crouched underneath with nowhere to go. Holly screamed as she watched Elijah move forward to grab Rob around the middle. She could tell this wouldn't work. The chair would make contact with Elijah before he reached Rob.

Rob brought the chair down-and stopped only inches into the swing.

Elijah tackled him. They both fell into the tables and chairs. Holly danced backward as Rob's chair, shaken loose by Elijah's hit, tumbled toward her across the floor.

"Break it up!" bellowed a six-foot-four Diana Ross advancing toward them. Holly teetered on her heels and got caught in a wave of brawny transvestite bouncers grabbing Elijah and hustling him out the back door of the club. He halted suddenly in the corridor, bending down to pick something up from the floor, and Cher nearly tripped over him. Elijah put his hand to his mouth-he'd found Holly's pill where it had rolled on the dirty floor and had swallowed it dry, oh, gross-but the trannies mistook his hesitation for another attempt to tackle Rob. They muscled him out the door and didn't stop until they and Elijah and Holly all burst into the dark parking lot behind the club.

Holly glanced back once and saw Rob in the corridor, struggling to follow them, face pinched with rage, and little Marilyn Monroe reaching up to shove his chest. The door swung closed, blocking the image out.

"Sorry, honey." Diana took Holly by the shoulders to steady her. "If you're going to start fights, you need to learn to duck and cover better than that."

"Right." Holly sighed with relief in the hot June night. The bass beat, distant and muffled, boomed against the cinder-block wall like a dragon pounding on the castle gate.

Diana and Cher and Elijah stood around her, panting, in the parking lot full of cars. Rob's cop car occupied a dark corner next to the fence. Funny-last night she'd found it strange that he drove it when off duty and out of uniform instead of buying another car. Now that he'd stalked her at her apartment, then followed her to this club and attacked Elijah, it seemed less strange and more Loser.

"Holly," Elijah called. He leaned with his shoulder against the wall of the building, breathing more laboriously every second. He shivered and crossed his arms.

"I'm beginning to see why Rob calls you Dangermouse," she joked, stepping around Diana to meet Elijah at the wall.

Elijah gave her a lopsided grin. "I think it's meant to be ironic. I'm not dangerous." He certainly didn't look dangerous anymore with his wavy hair falling into his vacant eyes. He seemed to space out before he completed his sentence.

"Are you okay?" Holly asked suspiciously. "You look sick. Did Rob hit you?" Holly hadn't seen Rob land a punch, but it had all happened so fast, from conversation to kiss to attack in less than sixty seconds.

"No," Elijah said weakly. "I had a beer, so-"

"You drank a beer before you took a pill? A real beer with alcohol?"

"I doubted I'd get a pill," Elijah said sheepishly. "But without the pill I felt like I'd stuck my finger in a light socket. I drank the beer to calm down. Holly, listen-"

"We've got to get you home before that pill hits your system with that beer." Holly turned to get help from Diana and Cher. Even better, now Shane had come outside. He chatted with the transvestites, hands in the pockets of his jeans. She started to call to him.

Elijah grabbed her forearm, hard. "Listen to me," he hissed.

She turned back to him in surprise.

His green eyes were wide in drunken earnest. "You've got to get out of here. Someone in Glitterati can control minds."

"Really?" she breathed, heart breaking for him. When her parents suggested he was having an exacerbation, they hadn't been kidding.

Elijah nodded, and his eyes lost focus again. "Usually I can tell whose thoughts I'm reading. This time Rob was about to hit me, so I couldn't concentrate. But this powerful command flew right past my head and changed the decisions somebody made." He splayed his hand and turned it in the air in front of him, as if changing another person's decisions worked like unscrewing a lightbulb. "A mind-control thing." He watched his hand curiously.

"Okay," Holly chirped. "Thanks for letting me know." Since he seemed absorbed in his own hand, she backed a few steps away. She turned to Shane, who gentlemanly flicked a chrome lighter to Cher's cigarette while arguing with Diana over the relative merits of early Motown versus rockabilly. Holly cleared her throat. "Excuse me, Shane."

Shane looked around at her. She was taken aback at how handsome he was, even without the early 1960s rock star tux. And she was baffled all over again that Kaylee didn't go after him.

"Miss Starr." He grinned. "We missed you when you left last night. Come over and jump out our bathroom window anytime."

She made a face at him. "I didn't know what to do about Rob. Something told me he wouldn't take no for an answer, and I didn't want to drag you and Elijah into it."

"That worked well," Shane said.

She glanced briefly back at Elijah, who had given up examining his hand because now he needed it to hold himself up against the wall. "Can you get Elijah home? He's not supposed to drink on Mentafixol, and he's acting a little loco." She circled her finger at her ear.

"He had one beer," Shane protested. "What could one beer hurt?"

An enormous weight slammed into Holly's back. She reeled and grabbed Shane to keep herself upright. Elijah had fallen on her.

"I've got him." Cher hurried around them and pulled Elijah's limp body off Holly. "Diana, give me a hand here. Shane, where's your car?" Diana bustled over to take Elijah's legs, and the two giant starlets hoisted him under their arms.

Holly followed the others around the side of the building to the muscle car she'd seen parked in the guys' driveway. Then she bent over Elijah's supine body in the backseat. His face was slack, as dead as she must have been that stupid night as a high school sophomore, when she drank a few sips of beer on top of Mentafixol, and anything could have happened to her.

"Getting in?" Shane asked from the driver's seat. Red and orange lights from another nightclub flashed and reflected in the windshield as he waited for her answer.

Yes, Holly wanted to help Elijah home and take care of him. Kaylee wouldn't want her to go on such an adventure alone, but maybe Holly could argue Kaylee into going with her, and this would throw Kaylee together with Shane.

There was no way, Holly decided. Her parents would find out and have a fit. If Elijah had wanted a relationship with her, if he'd shown any real interest in her at all, defying her parents and jeopardizing her career in magic might be worth it. As it was, all she had from him was a request for a pill and one crazy kiss, with an emphasis on crazy.

"How will you get him inside the house by yourself?" she asked uneasily. "And how will you handle Rob when he comes home?"

"I'm stronger than I look. There's more to me than meets the eye." Shane turned all the way around with his elbow on the back of the seat. He looked like an impatient young father scolding his children on their family road trip down Route 66. But then his eyes met hers, and his expression softened. "I've got him, Holly, really."

She took one last wistful glance at Elijah, his arm limp across his chest in the rock band T-shirt. Poor Elijah.

Poor Holly.

Then she stepped back, closed the heavy door as gently as she could, and retreated to the sidewalk in front of the nightclub. The car started with a shout of unmuffled, eight-cylinder exuberance, backed out of the lot, and roared down the black street lined with glittering signs for other nightclubs, with other secret meetings and close encounters going down inside.

"Mmm, mmm, mmm." Diana shook her head. "I wish I could get men to fight like that over me."

Holly looked down into her cle**age. "I think it's the bikini top. I didn't get a chance to go home and change after work."

"Girl," said Cher, "if I had real tits like that, I'd be wearing my bikini top to Walmart."

"These old things?" Holly hooked a finger in the center of her top, pulled it taut, and peered curiously inside.

Diana guffawed. "I'd wear my bikini top with my candy striper apron down at the hospital as a service to the community. Give everybody the will to live." She batted Holly's hand away from her top. "Stop that and come on inside before you get us all arrested. As long as you're standing between the two of us, you might get thrown in the wrong tank. Come on."

The three of them linked arms, with Holly in the middle. She felt out of place more because she was shorter by eight inches than because she was the only genuine girl. But when they reached the front door, they stopped. Rob glared through the glass at them with a scowl on his face and his hands on his hips.

Cher stamped her platform shoe. "Why didn't Marilyn kick that ass**le out?"

"I told her not to," Diana said. "He's a cop. I don't want to make a cop mad. Half the people in here have a pocket full of ecstasy." She looked down at Holly. "I will kick him out, for you."

Wouldn't that be nice! But Rob really might cause problems for Glitterati-he was that petty, Holly was learning-and she didn't want anyone to get in trouble on her account.

"Thanks, but no thanks." She patted Diana's arm. "I have to face the music sooner or later." She pulled the door open.

"We're right here behind you if you need us, girl," Cher called, and Holly was glad Cher had said this within Rob's hearing. Rob loomed in front of her, blocking her way into the party.

And he wobbled a bit. She thought this was an optical illusion of the pink light strobing across his face-but no, he alternately swayed on his feet, then pulled himself up straighter to look more imperious, then swayed again. She'd thought she smelled liquor on him last night. Tonight he'd outdone himself.

She should have told him off rather than running away last night. Now she needed to handle him like the diva she was not. She picked up her feet and put on a pout as she approached him. "I'm here with Kaylee," she shouted above the music. "Not you."

"I didn't see you with Kaylee," he yelled back, too loud, too close to her ear. "I saw Dangermouse ramming his tongue down your throat."

"It's none of your business," Holly said. "I don't want to go out with you anymore. Stop hanging around my apartment. Don't follow me. And don't take this out on Elijah when you get home. You have no reason to be mad at him, or at me either." She tried to step around Rob.

As she passed, he grabbed her forearm. "Why don't we call it a night?" he growled, wilting her curls with a cloud of alcoholic breath. "You can make it up to me."

"Ask Marilyn to call you a taxi." Holly nodded toward the superstar at the door, who winked at her. "I didn't come with you, Rob, and I'm not leaving." She flounced away, half expecting him to grab her again.

But he didn't. Miraculously she made it all the way into the center of the throbbing melee, where Kaylee was doing the Cupid Shuffle with a Celine Dion the size of a linebacker. Holly nearly hopped up and down on her high heels with glee at the prospect of dancing the night away with Kaylee. Every night onstage at the casino, she twirled and circled and presented. She toned her muscles with exercises in ballet and yoga classes. She didn't do enough dancing.

First things first, though. She boogied up to Kaylee and stepped to the left with her, then to the right. "Where were you?" she shouted. "Rob tried to kill Elijah!"

"I wouldn't have let you get in any trouble," Kaylee yelled back calmly.

Holly knew this was true. Kaylee had her reasons for doing what she did. As Holly had surmised earlier, Kaylee's phone call must have been official casino business.

Holly danced, concerned about nothing but her own body. Rob hung around, lurking at the edge of the crowd, but he never tried to approach her. He watched them dance from the periphery of their circling arms and legs.

Late that night, the crowd still hadn't thinned. Kaylee took a turn in the rest room, and Holly was left doing the electric slide with a group of ladies from a librarians' convention who were way too old for this club. As the whole double line of them leaned to the front and turned to the right, facing the corridor where Holly's encounter with Elijah had taken place, she noticed Rob staggering toward the back door.

She leaped out of line, glancing around for Kaylee's white-blond head or any transvestite bouncer to help her. All she saw was the tangle of dancers in shifting colors. Rob might have shoved his keys into the ignition of his sheriff's car by now. Angry as she was at him, she couldn't let him drive drunk. He might cause a wreck and kill someone, all because he'd tied one on, upset over her.

She skittered out the back door and into the parking lot. The brake lights of his car glowed already. She dashed the last twenty yards across the asphalt and knocked on the trunk to keep him from backing over her. Rounding the car, she conjured up her lecture. It should be persuasive but not patronizing, which would only make him madder. She opened the passenger door.

He looked up at her with too-bright eyes, watery at the edges, and turned off the engine. Good.

And then he yanked her into the car.

The passenger door sagged behind her but didn't shut completely. She poised to spring right back out of the car again. But he held her with a hard grip on her forearm.

"Rob!" she roared.

"I couldn't get close to you all night," he complained. "I wanted to ask you to go with me to meet my brothers."

He'd told her during their week of acquaintance that he and his brothers spent a lot of time together out in his sheriff's jurisdiction, near Hoover Dam. At the time, she'd puzzled over why he didn't live with his brothers, which would be more convenient for getting to work than living inside the city limits with Elijah and Shane. Now she wondered why a meeting with his brothers, of all things, was his proposed second date. He was really drunk.

"No." She tried to jerk her arm out of his grasp. His fingers tightened around her. "Rob. I don't want to go out with you anymore, okay? Let me go."

In answer, he reached around and caught her other arm too, pulling her closer. His breath reeked of alcohol, but he looked straight into her eyes and sounded startlingly sober as he said, "Try it. You might like it." He slipped one hand inside her top.

She had to get out the half-open door of this car and away from him. But intending to run didn't count for anything. Though her muscles stretched taut, ready to bolt, Rob held her as firmly as before. His thumb rubbed her nipple.

"Rob!" she gasped. "Okay. Enough. I'll call a taxi to take you home." She moved her hand toward her pocket to take out her phone.

She managed to move only a millimeter before Rob's grip stiffened further. "You'd love that," he growled. "Go home with me. Do it in the same house with Elijah."

The alarm Holly had felt the day she came down with MAD was nothing compared with her terror at this bizarre conversation. "Rob!" she shouted. "That's crazy. I am not doing it with you at all. Let me call you a-"

"When you meet my brothers, you'll find out what crazy means." He laid her flat on the seat and pinned her wrists above her head with one big hand. His other hand worked on the buttons of her jeans. "And when you feel powerful in a few days, remember how powerless you felt right now. Remember how much you enjoyed this, because that's how my brothers will make you feel."

"Rob!" Holly squealed. She took a breath to scream, doubting anyone inside the club would hear her.

Abruptly he slid off her and sat back on the driver's side of the car, against the door, still watching her with his hard brown eyes.

Holly didn't waste time puzzling out his terrifying behavior or his equally terrifying one-eighty. She scooted away from him across the seat and hit the passenger door. Tumbling out onto the asphalt, she came face-to-face with wicked high-heeled sandals and a killer pedicure.

"Did he hurt you?" Kaylee cried, hauling Holly up by her sore arm. Her eyes stopped on Holly's open fly. "That f**k!"

Holly stood, resting against Kaylee for a moment. Then she slammed the passenger door shut and pulled Kaylee a pace farther away from the car to put more distance between them and Rob. She took a deep breath to relax her nerves and clear her head after every horrible thing that had happened in the last five minutes. She buttoned her fly and gathered her very small sweater closer around her to ward off the chill that had come over her. It was no use. She assured Kaylee, "He hurt me, but not like you mean."

Without a word, Kaylee reared back and kicked the bottom panel of the car with the heel of her sandal, leaving a small round dent.

Holly watched silently, unsure she was seeing what she thought she was seeing. Despite the fact that Kaylee was head of security at an institution rumored to be full of Mafia, Holly had never seen her do anything remotely violent before, and she had just dented a cop car with her shoe.

"You would have loved it, Holly," Rob shouted through the back window with surprising clarity for a mostly passed-out drunk. "That bitch Kaylee wants to keep you a virgin until you're thirty. You don't know what you're missing."

Kaylee snapped open her purse, moved her handgun aside, and pulled out her phone.

"Who are you calling?" Holly asked worriedly.

"The cops," Kaylee said without looking up from the keypad.

"They'll want me to make a statement," Holly protested. "I don't want to make a statement."

Kaylee looked up at Holly and cocked her head to one side. "Noooo, we don't want you to make a statement." The timbre of her voice changed from that of Holly's angry friend to the calculating security officer at the casino, concerned about publicity if one of the scantily clad assistants for the casino's popular magician were attacked.

"But we can't just walk away from this," Kaylee said. "He needs to be punished and then taken home and put to bed where he can't hurt anybody else. Besides, if you don't do something, he'll just come after you again. Remember this morning at the apartment? He's got stalker written all over him." She moved her thumbs on her keypad.

"Now who are you calling?" Holly asked.

"My goons."

Those Mafia rumors resurfaced in Holly's brain. "Wait, no. Can you ask them not to beat him up?"

Kaylee shrugged. "It's what they do. One or the other. Cops or thugs. Make a decision."

No decision to make. "Beat him up. He deserves it." Holly put her hand over her mouth, shocked at herself.

"Excellent choice." Kaylee put the phone to her ear. Waiting for the call to go through, she said, "Holly, I'm really sorry. I told you I wouldn't let you get in any trouble, but I lost sight of you for a minute. Even goddesses have to pee. I'm dropping the ball lately."

"How can you say that?" Holly asked in astonishment. She was grateful for Kaylee's protection, but she understood the limits of that protection. Kaylee couldn't be everywhere. "You had no idea what he was going to do. You can't read minds."

"No," Kaylee whispered, glowing like an angel in the night as the hot breeze rippled her gold lame top and fingered her white-blond hair. "I can't do that."

A quarter hour later, safe in her apartment, Holly was surprised by the finger-shaped bruises on her hips. She stared into the bathroom mirror at the dark stains on her white skin. They didn't jive with what she'd been through with Rob. He'd ripped open her fly against her will, yes, but when she thought back on what had happened, she framed it as sexual politics gone wrong, rather than a-

Rape.

Not a rape, she corrected herself, pressing her clammy fingertips to her temples, willing away the nausea. It looked so bad only because of the bruises. He'd read her wrong because he'd been drunk. She'd read him wrong because she was inexperienced with men.

Undoubtedly she was the only twenty-one-year-old virgin in Las Vegas. Surely to God she could have found a way to hook up with somebody by now. Of course, all the girls she'd known who'd had one-night stands had been aided by alcohol. On Mentafixol, Holly would have fallen asleep after half a beer, just like Elijah. She could have done it, but the escapade would have had a roofie-like flavor.

She leaned forward with her elbows on the counter and examined herself more closely at what had to be the lowest point of her life. Her careful brunette half updo had survived more or less intact through a night of dancing and abuse, as had her false lashes and makeup. A beautiful girl even to her own eyes, with glossy tendrils of her hair curling around her bare shoulders in her glittering brassiere, blaming herself for her own sexual battery. She'd assumed her low point was seven years ago when she'd lost her marbles. But at least that night she'd relished those exquisite tingles. At least she'd been powerful in her own mind. Now, at this moment, she was nothing. Her parents might have lied to her about her potential career, and she had abysmal taste in boyfriends. The one quasi boyfriend she had lingering feelings for after all these years was just as sick as she was. There was no future in this.

Well. There was no future in staring at herself in the mirror, either. She changed into pj's, not feeling any better, but thinking she might feel better if she could talk to Kaylee about it. As a twenty-two-year-old responsible for the security of millions of dollars every day, and a calm twenty-two-year-old at that, Kaylee was always helpful putting Holly's problems in perspective. And though it was incredibly late, Kaylee would still be up. She was awake when Holly went to bed and gone to work by the time Holly woke some mornings.

Holly padded down the hall in her bare feet and knocked gently on Kaylee's door. When there was no response, she figured Kaylee was listening in on a conference call with her underlings at the casino. Holly eased the door open.

Bathed in the gentle light of the lamp on her nightstand, Kaylee was sprawled on top of her bedcovers, fully clothed in her clubbing pants and gold lame top, her platinum-blond hair likewise sprawled on the pillow. She was asleep, not assassinated by rivals at Caesars Palace, which was Holly's first thought. To make sure, Holly watched Kaylee's petite chest expand with one, two, three slow breaths. The news squawked quietly on the TV mounted on the wall, and sections of the newspaper spooned next to her like a lover. One arm was flung over her head, and her limp hand rested dangerously close to the grip of her ubiquitous pistol glinting underneath the pillow.

Holly took a step into the clutter of a normal twenty-two-year-old woman's room: girl rock-band posters; an open closet with a pair of dirty tennis shoes next to a pair of deep-discount designer heels; a huge teddy bear sent by Kaylee's mom, whom Kaylee did not like to talk about (she was supposed to hug the teddy bear when she wanted to hug her mom); Chinese paper lanterns hanging from the ceiling. With perfect features and a porcelain complexion, the unconscious Kaylee looked too delicate to be part of this saucy materialism, like some slender-necked white waterfowl blown from typhoon to Santa Ana to desert wind and dropped into an apartment complex in Vegas. Holly wondered what had tired Kaylee to the point that she actually succumbed to sleep.

Out of the corner of her eye, Holly caught a movement.

Not in the apartment-she sucked in a long, quiet breath and let it out slowly as she realized this. In the parking lot. She stepped to the window for a better view.

Her heart beat faster as the movement fluttered toward Kaylee's black BMW. Two figures, a young man and woman dressed in black, squeezed on either side of the car in its parking space in the full lot. They looked through the back windows, then the front. The woman said something, and both figures looked up at the apartment building. Their eyes slid over it from Holly's right to left, skipping over the window from which Holly gazed. They stopped. Came back to her window. Stared straight at her. Pointed.

This was not happening to Holly. This was a flare-up of MAD brought on by the distress of seeing Elijah pass out earlier, and the threat of running out of medicine. After all, she'd been dead sure when she was fourteen that she could float up to the level of her parents' chandelier. But she could have sworn these two strangers knew who she was, and where she lived, and had a particular interest in her. From Kaylee's car they crossed the parking lot without even looking both ways-it was three in the morning with no traffic, but if Holly had been them she would have looked up and down the parking lot before crossing anyway-and they stepped up onto the crushed rock around the apartment building.

As they drew closer, she could see their black clothes weren't for prowling and skulking around strangers' apartments in the wee hours. They were Goths. The man-more of a boy, really, not much older than her-wore a black trench coat, ridiculously hot in the Vegas night, and black jeans. The woman-a girl, also around her age-had dyed her hair a vibrant unnatural red, but otherwise wore a black dress, black leggings, and clunky black shoes. She should have worn heels, which would have made her legs look longer.

The boy's shoulders shook with laughter as Holly thought this.

They kept walking toward Holly's window. She could have written it off as curious when they looked in Kaylee's car, it could have been a coincidence as they eyeballed her apartment, but now they walked up to the window and looked at her on the second story. They could see her in the lamplight. They stared right at her.

Holly was near panic. She wasn't sure what she expected them to do-throw gravel at her window? uproot a cactus and heave that toward her too?-but their very presence was so threatening, their stare, their knowledge that she was there and she was linked with Kaylee's car. They did know who she was.

She opened her mouth to wake Kaylee. She wanted Kaylee to see this too, Kaylee who was head of security, Kaylee who was sane. She took a breath to call to Kaylee and-

Suddenly that did not seem like a good idea.

The Goths still stared at her. They still made her decidedly uneasy. But she didn't need to call to Kaylee. That was not a good idea. She simply stared back at them, watching them watch her. Her heart descended from panic mode and maintained a rapid beat of only mild alarm.

The man said something.

The woman held up one finger where he could see it: wait.

They stared at Holly, and Holly stood still, for another two minutes. Finally the man spoke again. The woman blew Holly a kiss. The two of them turned their backs on her, crossed the gravel, and disappeared around the corner of the building.

Holly's alarm remained but didn't grow. It hadn't been a good idea to tell Kaylee about the Goths. So it wasn't as big a deal as she'd first thought. She retreated from Kaylee's room and went to her own. As she lay down, her hips hurt where Rob's fingers had been. She curled into the fetal position and stared at the wall.

Elijah woke the next morning in his own bed, fully clothed, cognizant of everything that had happened the night before, but terribly groggy with his one-beer hangover. His habit since graduation had been to take his breakfast onto his front porch, where he could watch the traffic zoom by as people hurried to work. This morning was no different, or so he thought at first. He was so groggy that he hardly noticed how groggy he was. He wasn't sure how long he'd sat at the patio table with his cereal turning soggy in milk when Shane poked his head outside. "Good morning."

"Good morning," Elijah replied. Barely aware that he should be embarrassed at staring into space like an imbecile, he finally ate a mushy spoonful.

"And good morning to you," Shane said to the doormat.

Elijah half rose and peered over the table to see what Shane was really looking at. Rob lay on the threshold, unconscious, face bloody and swollen.

"Oh!" Elijah exclaimed with his mouth full.

"Did you even notice this?" Shane asked Elijah. He knelt to put a hand on Rob's wrist, checking his pulse.

Elijah swallowed. "I-" He thought back. Hard. "I guess I did trip on my way out the door. Is he okay?"

"Hand me your bowl."

Elijah didn't understand this command, but he reached for his bowl and placed it in Shane's outstretched hand.

Shane dumped the milk and cereal on Rob's bloody head.

Rob sat up, spluttering. "What the hell!"

Elijah rushed over. "My God, Rob, are you okay?" he asked the skull-like head oozing red blood and white milk. "Who beat you up? Do you want us to call the police?"

"I am the police!" Rob pulled himself up to standing, bracing himself on Shane. Then he poked his finger in Elijah's face. "You get the idea to put a hand on Holly Starr again," he spat through the milk, "you remember I found her first."

"You found her first?" Elijah asked indignantly. "Like she's a ..." He meant to make Rob hear how disrespectful he sounded. But Elijah was so groggy, he couldn't think of the other end of this simile, an object that people commonly found. Then he remembered, "But you didn't find her first. I asked her out in ninth grade."

Rob folded his bloody arms. "Did you do her?"

"No, I- What kind of question is that?"

Rob shoved Elijah.

"Hey," said Shane.

"Ew," said Elijah, because Rob had left a milky handprint on his shirt.

"She's mine," Rob barked. "She belongs to me. You remember that. Stay the f**k away from her." He stormed inside and slammed the door. The sharp crack echoed against the quiet houses across the street.

Which was silly-the symbolic finality of that door slam, shutting them out-because Elijah and Shane lived there too, and Elijah had to go inside to get another cereal bowl and a mop. Shane sat at the table and watched Elijah clean up the mess.

Finally Elijah slid into the chair next to Shane. "Some night, huh?" He reached for a second helping of cereal and milk. "Hey, I meant to ask you. Last night at Glitterati, before the shit went down, why didn't you hit on Kaylee? You'd been talking about her at the table, and I thought you were going to ask her out."

Shane shook his head slowly. "I wanted to, but then I changed my mind. I wonder why she keeps doing that to me. It's insulting."

"Doing what to you? You're the one who changed your mind."

"I'm not so sure about that."

Elijah didn't get a chance to ask Shane what he was talking about before Rob burst out of the house again. He lugged two suitcases down the sidewalk between the decorative cacti, toward his sheriff's car parked at the curb.

"Rob!" Elijah called. "What are you doing? Are you moving out?"

Rob shouted without turning around, "No, I'm spending a week at band camp."

"Should we help him pack?" Shane asked. His eyes were inscrutable behind his vintage Wayfarers, but Elijah could tell from his dry tone that Shane loved this scene.

After everything Rob had said and thought about Holly in the past few days, Elijah felt the same way. "No, let's not."

Even without help, it didn't take Rob long. His bedroom furniture belonged to the house, and in a week he hadn't accumulated much else. He glared at Elijah and Shane one last time, roared off in his sheriff's car with the siren disturbing the peace just for spite, and was gone.

"Fucker," Shane declared, walking inside.

The excitement over, Elijah settled back into his breakfast and his own blankness. A few minutes later, or perhaps a few hours, Shane reemerged from the house, carrying his guitar case. "I'm going to class and then work. Will you be okay here by yourself?"

"Sure." Elijah took a sip of coffee, wishing the caffeine would work. Boy, the Mentafixol label wasn't kidding when it said DO NOT MIX WITH ALCOHOL.

Shane stood directly in front of him and bent down to look into his eyes. "Will you call me if you're not?"

"Sure."

"Are you hearing me, Elijah?" Shane rapped with his knuckles on Elijah's forehead. Elijah's hair padded the knocking, but it still almost hurt. "Call me if anybody you don't know comes to the house," Shane said. "Don't go anywhere with a stranger."

"Okay." This was easy to agree to. Strangers didn't approach Elijah out of the blue and try to get friendly.

Except Shane, a year ago.

And Rob, a week ago.

Shane must have left then. Elijah got lost in his own thoughts, or lack of them, and didn't notice Shane's 1963 Pontiac Catalina leave the driveway. But he watched it pull into the driveway and park again. Shane opened the door in a pool of light from the streetlamp. It was night.

Carrying his guitar case, Shane walked up to Elijah on the porch. "You're sitting in exactly the same spot and exactly the same position as when I left this morning. Did you go to work?"

"I must have." Elijah sipped his coffee. "My mom would have called to check on me if I didn't go in." At some level he knew he should be concerned about losing a day of memory, but it was like a shield protected his brain, preventing alarm from punching through and taking hold.

"Your mom's out of town on vacation," Shane pointed out. "She won't be back until Monday."

"Oh, yeah," Elijah said, remembering. He snapped his fingers as more came back to him. That afternoon Holly had come up to him in the employee break room in a sparkling red bikini with panels of pink transparent fabric floating around her long legs. She'd looked like a genie. She'd pressed a folded note into his palm as she swept past the lockers and disappeared into the hall.

In the note she asked whether he was okay after their adventure last night. She told him she'd passed out after a few sips of beer in high school, so she understood what had happened. She apologized for Rob trying to kill him. She'd gone out with Rob only that once, and it was over. She hoped Elijah wouldn't have any more trouble out of him because of her. And Elijah should burn this note.

Actually, now that he thought about it, the note had been very sweet, almost as if Holly liked him. He should ask her out. Except he might get his mom fired. He'd definitely get himself fired. Or perhaps the threat from Holly's dad and Mr. Diamond no longer applied seven years later?

"Elijah!" Shane tapped on the table. "Did it ever occur to you to try weaning yourself off that pill?"

The tapping created ripples in Elijah's coffee cup. He watched them, mesmerized, then realized Shane had asked him something. "What?"

"I mean, you may not feel it day to day, but that's a serious elephant tranquilizer of a drug, if you're not supposed to drive while you're taking it, and it makes you pass out cold after one beer and walk around like the living dead the next day."

Elijah had a hard time following what Shane said. "What?"

"In the past few days, when you were off that drug, you seemed jumpy and anxious because you wanted to get back on the drug and you couldn't find any. But you did not seem crazy."

Elijah opened his mouth to protest, then closed it again. For years he'd kept his delusion that he could read minds a secret. He wasn't about to spill it now.

Shane set his guitar case down, then touched the top of Elijah's head. His hand bounced along Elijah's waves and slid downward. He squeezed Elijah's shoulder, as if comforting a younger relative, a child. He picked up his guitar and turned for the door.

"Don't tell me that I'm not crazy," Elijah whispered.

"I'm telling you that you don't need to be medicated," Shane shot back. "Oh, never mind. Do you want me to stay in tonight? I have a hot date with a UNLV cheerleader, but I can cancel."

"No thanks," Elijah managed.

As Shane opened and closed the door, light from the house shot across the lawn, then shrank to a sliver and disappeared, leaving Elijah in the blackness.

When he tried to recall it later, he wasn't sure what he did for the rest of the night. After serving up a pot roast for Shane, he probably returned outside to stare at the night for an hour more, then moved inside to read for a while, then fell asleep.

But when he woke the following morning, the grogginess was gone. Thirty-six hours had passed since he'd taken Holly's pill. He was twelve hours past his usual dose, and he felt it. Shane in the room next door lay in bed, wondering whether Kaylee liked sushi. Elijah could read Shane's mind again. Elijah was crazy. He remembered the crazy things he'd said to Holly at Glitterati, and the crazy thought that somebody in the club had the power of mind control. He remembered that Rob had moved out, that he was possessive of Holly, that he carried a gun.

As the day wore on, Elijah made his rounds and his phone calls. His pills still hadn't arrived at the casino pharmacy, his mom was still out of town, his doctor was still disconnected, and Elijah knew what he had to do.

8

Sunday night, Holly climbed onto the bus outside the casino, collapsed into a choice window seat, and waited to depart. Her parents had offered, as they did every night, to drop her off at her apartment in their limo, but she'd refused. She liked to get away from them sometimes, and Kaylee too, just to be independent for twenty minutes. She looked forward to the bus and her nightly routine of watching the enormous buildings and flashing signs and scantily clad workers and tourists on the Strip gradually calm into normal people, modest houses, well-kept cactus lawns like in any desert city-just as most Vegas performers hit the casino stages in their twenties but settled down to calmer jobs and families and marriages as they got older.

Holly's life wouldn't follow this pattern. She dwelled on this sad fact tonight because, as Elijah had predicted, she hadn't been able to refill her prescription for Mentafixol. She was twenty-four hours off the drug now and feeling the first sparkles of insanity coming back. She had every confidence the casino pharmacy would receive a shipment of the drug tomorrow. But the pesky sparkles needled her about her disability.

She'd wondered all weekend how Elijah was doing. After missing his Friday and Saturday doses, he'd be feeling mighty funny right about now. If his delusions were like hers, he would be barely conscious of objects in his mind and suddenly, out the corner of his eye, they would move.

Uh-oh. Here was a more serious hallucination. Elijah was on her bus. She blinked several times. No, it really was Elijah, bounding down the aisle with his eyes on her. As the motor's idling monotone grumbled into a roar and the bus pulled away from the casino, he swung around one of the poles in the center of the aisle like a seasoned bus rider, or a stripper, and slid into the seat next to her.

"Elijah!" she exclaimed.

"Hey, Holly," he said smoothly, not the least bit surprised, as if he'd known he would find her here.

"What are you doing on my bus?"

"Oh, is this your bus?" he asked. "Like, your personal bus." He cut his green eyes sideways at her. A few days' growth of stubble had turned him into a movie hero two-thirds of the way through an action flick, dangerous and haggard. He could make anything seem sexy, even waiting for his crazy pills to come in at the pharmacy.

"I'm a diva," she said. "I like to be chauffeured." With one hand she gestured gracefully to the entirety of the bus as if it were her own magic carpet. "But that would be cool, if it were my personal bus that I didn't have to share with other riders, and it would take me wherever I wanted to go. Actually I wouldn't need such a big bus for this. It could be smaller and more environmentally responsible if it wasn't built to hold all these other people." She shot herself in the head with her fingers. "Wait, there is already a name for this incredible invention of my imagination and it is called a car."

"Which neither of us can drive," Elijah said, "because we're on-"

"Mentafixol," they said simultaneously, lowering their voices.

He chuckled. "I try to get rides from Shane or Rob. I won't be bumming rides from Rob in the future."

She shifted in her seat and let her brown curls fall forward to graze his shoulder as she said, "I'm so sorry about everything that happened Thursday night."

"It wasn't your fault," Elijah said, sounding sincere. "I'm the one who's sorry. I dragged you to Glitterati. I-"

He was on the cusp of a mea culpa about that kiss. Watching him, she smiled, ready for anything, even a sudden admission that the kiss had meant something.

He skipped over that part. Running his hand through his wavy hair, he went on, "And I may have said something odd to you while we were there. I was feeling really crazy." He looked past her out the bus window, as if revisiting that strange episode in his mind. "Rob moved out the next morning, which was for the best. We should have run him off for firing a gun at the ceiling, or for chasing you out the bathroom window. Shane and I treat our women better than that."

"Do you, now," Holly mused. He was only kidding, of course, but the macho crack about "our women" turned her on despite herself. She would have loved for Elijah to feel possessive about her like that for real.

But he'd lost interest in her already. He scowled at her right thigh. Poor thing. He was trying his best to carry on intelligent conversation, but he must be feeling awfully mental adolescent dysfunctiony. She would gladly have offered him another Mentafixol if she'd had one left herself.

Suddenly he looked straight into her eyes and burst out, "What were you doing with Rob?"

She sat back in surprise. "I-"

"I could not have been more astounded if he'd walked through the front door of my house with Queen Elizabeth. Or a llama."

"A llama?" Holly asked. "Thanks a lot."

"You and Rob aren't a good match," Elijah persisted.

"Obviously I agreed with you by the time I jumped out your bathroom window."

Elijah opened both hands palms-up on his jeans, acceding the point.

"Last week I was walking through the casino a few minutes before my dad's show," Holly explained, "headed for the sushi place. Do you like sushi?"

"Love sushi," Elijah said with gusto.

"I comped them tickets to the show one time, and now they serve me the ends they cut off California rolls whenever I come in. Only seventy-five calories or so. Tides me over until my next helping of edamame."

Elijah gave her a skeptical look. "You're counting calories?" His eyes flitted away from Holly's face, down to her exposed flat tummy, and settled halfway up, on her bespangled boobs. Holly was used to this. Men could never help it. At least he had the decency to look embarrassed as he forced his eyes back up to her face.

"Always." She may have sat up a bit straighter to poke her br**sts out. Men's lustful looks were rote to her, but with Elijah it felt new and exciting, as if she were still a teenager. "Anyway, I was walking through the casino, thinking how-"

ironic it was that the gamblers she passed undressed her with their eyes, tossing off the wisps of clothes she wore, when in reality she was a twenty-one-year-old virgin

"-I'd been invited to a graduation after-party and sadly didn't have a boyfriend to go with, when Rob appeared. Just walked up and started talking to me, and he was charming, and smart, and-"

She paused when she noticed Elijah's expression. He was scowling again, this time not at her thigh but at her, as if he were jealous of Rob. This thought sent a fresh chill of pleasure across her skin. She didn't want him to think Rob was her type, though. Especially when she increasingly suspected Elijah was her type, MAD and all.

She finished with a shrug. "I don't know. He was friendly at the beginning. I took him to meet my parents and he charmed them. I took him to meet Kaylee and he charmed her."

"He charmed Kaylee?" Elijah repeated. "I don't know her that well, but word around the casino is, nobody charms Kaylee."

Holly nodded. "She said as much after I jumped out your window. She wondered how Rob had won her over."

"It aaaaaall comes back to the bathroom window," Elijah said sagely. "Disappearing into the black abyss. Magical illusions are metaphors for sex, you know."

Holly watched his lips and wished he would repeat that. She swallowed.

"I majored in psychology," he explained with a grin.

"Psychology! No wonder you're working as a carpenter." Instantly she regretted that joke, which had come out as more of an insult. Who was she to talk about college grads with blue-collar jobs? At least his work uniform didn't involve sequins.

He laughed, making her feel better. "I haven't even looked for a psychology job or applied to grad school or anything. I've been thinking an opportunity was going to fall in my lap this summer. I should probably do some research into why I feel that way. I'm sure I'm repressing something."

"Speaking of which," she piped up, "since you're clearly a student of human nature, how'd you end up with Rob as a roommate, instead of Queen Elizabeth, or a llama?"

"Actually, it sounds a lot like your story," Elijah said. "Last week I had just re-signed the lease on the house-"

"Oh, that's your house?" Holly asked, impressed. His rental still wasn't the responsible home ownership she'd imagined for Rob, but it was a mature and sexy something.

"My mom and I always lived in an apartment, so ..." He glanced at her and then looked away, and Holly recognized that sequence. Everybody was expected to understand hard times, and doing without when you were a kid, and wanting more as an adult-except Holly, whom everyone assumed to be a rich spoiled brat. She kept smiling.

"Last year one of my original roommates moved in with her boyfriend," he said. "That's when I found Shane to replace her. Or Shane found me. Then, last week, my other roommate graduated and split for California. I was at work, repairing the baseboard in the Peacock Room, wondering where I could get another new roommate to share the rent with Shane and me, when Rob approached me out of the blue."

The similarity between their stories was strange. But of course it was only coincidence-there was no other explanation for it. Rob couldn't read minds. Besides, Holly was more interested in what Elijah had said before. "You had a girl roommate?"

He nodded. "I did."

"But that's not all she was." Holly was jealous of this strange girl who'd lived in the same house with Elijah and had still preferred to move in with her boyfriend. How could this be? How could any chick prefer any guy to Elijah? The girl must have found out about Elijah's MAD somehow.

Color crept into Elijah's face until he was blushing almost as red as his shirt. He explained haltingly, "That's really all she was. I've never had a girlfriend. Because of the MAD. I guess I don't want to drag somebody into that. I don't want her to have to take care of me. You know what I mean?"

In answer, Holly slid her hand onto his knee. She knew exactly what he meant, and she wished she could simultaneously share her pain with him, and take his away.

But the instant her fingertips touched his jeans, the motion transformed into something else entirely. Heat shot into her own face as she realized he would probably mistake her touch for a come-on, and that this was okay with her.

She said quietly, "I didn't want to break our dates in ninth grade. My mom made me. I was hoping that came across in the way I wrote the text."

He looked down at her hand on his knee and shook his head. Then he squeezed his eyes shut, as if she had hurt him very, very badly when she broke their date. Almost as badly as it had hurt her.

She was probably reading him wrong, or he was having some horrible side effect of Mentafixol withdrawal.

He sniffed, opened his eyes, and raised his head. "It's just as well," he told her with a wan smile. "I came down with MAD that night."

"Me too!" she exclaimed.

He widened his eyes at her.

She hunched lower in the bus seat, as if that made her voice softer. "What does that mean?" she squeaked.

His brow furrowed. "Well, we're probably about the same age."

"My birthday's at the end of July."

"See, mine's July twenty-first. And when this shit went down, we were fourteen years old, which is about when people get MAD if they're going to get it. It was waiting inside both of us. My mom told me all we needed was a strong emotion to let it out."

"You were my strong emotion," Holly said woodenly. She was full of so much emotion now, so much anger at her parents for keeping her away from Elijah, that she could hardly feel anything at all, as if her soul were squashed flat under the weight of their betrayal.

Elijah didn't know that, though, or want to know. She was having a conversation with him about their doomed puppy love, not confessing the darkest secrets of her insanity. Suddenly she felt uncharacteristically self-conscious in her sequined bikini. Bikini and crazy did not mix.

But when she looked over at him, he was watching her face, not her cle**age.

"I mean," she said, "when my parents said I couldn't go out with you, that's what triggered my MAD."

"When I got your text breaking it off, that's what triggered mine."

They shared a long look. Holly gazed into Elijah's eyes and imagined seven years were passing between them, an entire young adulthood of what could have been. His solid knee under her fingertips turned to fire.

Still watching her, he leaned back against the seat, breaking the spell. "So, you're off work tomorrow night?" he asked off-handedly.

"Right." She tried to sound nonchalant herself, rather than elated that he was feeling around for a way they could see each other again. "There's no magic on Monday. How'd you know?"

Elijah shrugged. "The billboard over Interstate 15."

"That billboard is the bane of my existence." She realized how this sounded. "Not that I care you know what my day off is. I mean, not that I mind."

Unlike Rob, who would have insulted her at this point, Elijah actually helped her out of the conversational hole she was digging for herself. "Big plans for your day off?"

"Small plans. I make the rounds of the other casinos to see their shows. Ha, exactly what I invited you to seven years ago." She knew she shouldn't pursue their friendship. Two people off their medication for MAD were surely more than twice as dangerous as one. But she felt a connection with him, and she simply couldn't let it end. "Would you like to go with me? Tomorrow? To see some magic?"

"I'm off tomorrow, too," he said. "I'm going out of town."

"Oh" was all she said, sheepishly. The darkness in his voice advised her not to ask where he was going.

"But thank you," he said. "It's very nice of you to ask."

"Sure," she said faintly, wishing he would follow that up with one sentence more, an invitation to take her out the day after. He didn't. Her too-vivid imagination had led her to believe he might still be interested in her after all these years. He wasn't. As casually as possible, she removed her hand from his knee and settled it in her own lap.

She empathized just a little with Rob, who liked her more than she liked him, and didn't want to take no for an answer. She thought about reaching over, sliding both hands into Elijah's hair, and kissing him.

He touched his lip.

Her startled heart kicked into overdrive, then checked itself and powered down. The spell was broken now. The newness had worn off. They weren't surrounded by Glitterati's pumping music and blinking lights and transvestites, and she realized he wasn't touching his lip because she was thinking about kissing him. Instead, the reverse was true. She was thinking about kissing him because he kept touching his lip. She should buy him some lip balm.

He snapped her out of her thoughts by asking, "We're coming up on your stop, right?"

She checked the nearest street sign out the window in the dark. "We are." She wondered how he knew where she lived. He must have come across her address in the employee directory. At any rate, he wanted to get rid of her, and she didn't blame him. People with MAD shouldn't hang out together. Slipping her arm through the strap of her purse, she said, "I meant to ask you how you're doing without ... you know."

"So far so good." He met her gaze head-on, but something in his tone let her know he was far gone, and it wasn't good. However, if he wouldn't tell her about it, she couldn't help him. She couldn't help him anyway, she realized. Not without her own prescription refilled. And it was time she let go of her fantasies about Elijah and got off this bus.

In anticipation of her stop, she scooted to the edge of the seat. "You know what? You never answered my question. Your house is in the other direction. What are you doing on my bus?"

He looked slowly and deliberately around the bus: at the woman muttering to herself in the very back, a middle-aged couple talking excitedly about their winnings a few seats ahead of them, a dealer and a waitress in uniform near the front. Finally he leaned close to her-so close to her shoulder that awareness rushed across her all over again-and whispered, "I'm kidnapping you."

They stared at each other for what seemed like a long time while the air between them vibrated with shared energy. Holly had the slightest suspicion that Elijah was serious, and that he was crazy. She didn't want to be kidnapped by a crazy Elijah. Neither should she want to be pretend kidnapped by a sane Elijah. Almost against her will, she found herself saying, "That sounds like fun."

Just as in Glitterati three nights before, his pupils dilated, expanding to the very edges of his intense green irises before bouncing back ever so slightly.

Her body stiffened with shock at a movement from the bulging pocket of his jeans, where he'd slipped his hand.

"No, Holly," he said gently, "I'm serious. Don't move, don't scream, but I have a gun, and it's pointed at you."

9

Her panic whirled so vividly in his mind that he grew afraid of panicking himself, abandoning the gun, and dashing from the bus. He had to keep a grip on himself and whatever sanity he had left, for his sake and for hers.

"Do what I say and you won't get hurt," he whispered, because that's what people said when they were kidnapping somebody. He spread one hand on her bare thigh to exercise more control over her, and also to convince the other passengers, should they glance in Elijah and Holly's direction, that they were a couple, and that it wasn't strange for him to keep close to her with his hand in his pocket.

Then he wished he hadn't touched her, because her thoughts only intensified in his head. She shivered like a frightened rabbit as she tried to puzzle out whether he was crazy or she was crazy, and whether both of them being crazy would make one sane person. And whether he was going to kill her.

He took a breath to say, I told you I'm not going to hurt you-what do you take me for? Just before he said this, he remembered that he'd borrowed Shane's gun to threaten her. It was important for her to suspect he might hurt her. That's what the gun was for, stupid!

Instead of discussing the situation with her and getting himself in more trouble, he gripped her thigh harder and squinted out the window. There was her street sign, and the bus brakes squealed. "Get off in front of me, slowly," he murmured into her ear, a perfect, petite ear with one tiny beauty mark on the lobe. His breath swayed the sparkling rhinestones of her long earring.

He stood and let her edge past him. He cringed as she went over his words in her mind. Get off in front of me, slowly. He meant the bus, right? Or was he asking her to masturbate? She took a few slow steps in her high heels, half expecting him to order her to shove her hands down her panties right then and there.

Elijah couldn't very well whisper another order in her ear. All he could do was wait for her to figure it out and keep moving forward. This was his luck. Of all the tortures, he had to believe he was able to read a beautiful girl's dirty mind.

Finally she proceeded up the bus aisle and down the steps, her visible shaking accentuated by the trembling of the baubles on her bikini bottoms. Elijah glanced around, but the other passengers and the driver didn't seem to take undue notice of him and Holly. Gorgeous, scantily clad girls pursued by dangerously unbalanced losers with guns in their jeans pockets were a dime a dozen in Vegas, apparently.

Standing above her, he wasn't in a position to help her off the bus, but he watched her for signs she was tottering in her heels. He would have jumped forward to keep her from falling in that case. But Holly was a showgirl, never wavering on her feet, keeping her balance without touching the handrail despite the blind fear Elijah felt coming off her in waves. She hopped down the stairs and then half turned on the sidewalk, waiting for instructions.

Elijah watched the bus roar up the street, careen around the corner, and disappear behind the palm trees. A cafe faced the main road at the edge of the quiet neighborhood, with Holly's apartment complex a block down. The cafe was closed at ten thirty at night, and it had no surveillance cameras in back. He'd checked. No witnesses. "Walk behind the building," he ordered her.

She obeyed. As she clacked across the parking lot in her heels, her hairdo bobbed. Holly fashioned her thick brown hair in many different ways. After she'd broken her prom date with him, the highlight of Elijah's sad excuse for a high school life had been to get to class before her so he could watch her walk in and see what she'd done to her hair that morning. Currently the top section puffed in a bouffant bun while the lower half was gathered into a curly ponytail that swayed against her back and occasionally caught in the sequins on the straps of her top. It was very retro, and as they approached Shane's Catalina, Elijah had the feeling they'd stepped out of a 1960s gangster movie. The only thing that didn't fit in was Elijah. He needed a tux like Shane's work costume, yet he was schlepping along in jeans and a UNLV LACROSSE T-shirt, as usual. He couldn't even commit a felony in style.

Holly didn't care. She was terrified, bouncing between sympathy for him because he was sick and horror at what this might mean for both of them. In her mind they were both dead already, facedown in the puddles of this parking lot, rainbows of gasoline floating around their heads. Glancing around curiously, Elijah didn't see any puddles. It hadn't rained since May. But he told himself that whatever her mind conjured, it was good for his plan if it kept her afraid.

Suddenly she snapped out of her visions of death and stopped short a few feet from the car. "This is Shane's car," she cried. Now Shane lay facedown in the puddles in her mind.

"I stole it." Elijah had planned to say this-not because it had occurred to him she might think he'd murdered Shane, but because she might be less likely to try to escape if she thought the police were already after Elijah and would be coming to rescue her shortly. In reality Elijah had asked Shane if he could borrow his car and his gun to kidnap Holly Starr and drive to Colorado to get their medicine. Shane had said, "Sure," and had given Elijah a crash course in driving and gun safety.

Careful to keep one hand in his pocket with the gun pointed away from Holly-Shane had made him promise to keep the bullets in the glove compartment, but he'd said an unloaded gun should be treated like a loaded one just in case-Elijah unlocked the passenger door and opened it for her. The door was long and heavy like the car and seemed to open for days. Finally he stepped back and nodded to the interior. "Get in."

Without moving her head, she scanned the half circle of parking lot in front of her with her eyes. Elijah saw what she saw and thought what she was thinking: if she ran now, he might shoot her. Her chances for escape would be better later. So she eased into the car, ducking her head to prevent her bouffant hairdo from hitting the roof.

He slammed her door and hurried around the car, concentrating carefully on her to make sure she didn't change her mind and bolt. He slid into the driver's seat and said, "Lock your door." If she wanted to bail, at least she would have to think about pulling up the old-fashioned button first. Elijah would have warning and could grab her before she did it.

She put out one shaking hand, perfectly manicured in pink, and locked the door.

He bit his lip as power surged through him. He'd been tingling ever since the Mentafixol began to wear off, and the tingles intensified the more he delved into someone's mind. But he couldn't let MAD take him over completely. He was a nice person with a hereditary mental disorder. No matter what happened now, it was crucial that he remember his one task, to get that medicine.

For him, and for Holly.

He took a deep breath and squeezed the steering wheel. "Get out your cell phone."

She dug through her purse.

"Text Kaylee," he said. "Tell her you're spending the night with me, like you're happy about it. Be convincing."

Holly's heart beat violently. She was scared to death. But she'd felt close to him on the bus, and she didn't want to let go of the hope that the Elijah she liked so much was still inside him somewhere. She touched the keypad with her thumb. The screen lit, illuminating her beautiful face, her false lashes casting long shadows as she closed her eyes and said a little prayer. Then her thumbs moved.

Spending the night with Elijah Brown. We started talking about the night at Glitterati and it just sort of happened.

Elijah leaned close to watch her enter the characters. She smelled like oleander. He removed his hands from the steering wheel and balled them into fists, cutting his fingernails into his palms to keep himself from touching her. "Squee," he said.

Squee! Catch u tomorrow morning.

"We won't be back tomorrow morning," Elijah said. "Put 'later.' "

Holly backspaced over "tomorrow morning," panic rising with every keystroke. Elijah couldn't stand much more of this without putting his hands on her, MAD or no MAD. But the more turned on he got, the closer she moved to tears. As she typed "later," she was thinking of the few mornings Kaylee and she had walked to this very cafe, and the many mornings she'd come here alone because Kaylee was almost always working. When Kaylee came, she read the newspaper. Holly brought racy romance novels. She wanted a do-over of those mornings now. This time, instead of ordering coffee with skim milk and artificial sweetener, listening to her mom's voice in her head demanding that she count calories, she would splurge for the chocolate muffin she'd dreamed about the entire year she'd lived in this neighborhood. What would it matter that her corpse carried a few extra pounds? Would this be bad for publicity for her dad's show? Surely they wouldn't have an open casket at her funeral, or bury her in this godforsaken bikini? She didn't want to die without a muffin.

Elijah's stomach growled, and he swallowed. "Fasten your seat belt." He cranked the huge engine.

"Do you know how to drive?" Holly asked in a small voice. "I never learned how to drive. It's dangerous to drive on Mentafixol."

"Well, I'm off Mentafixol."

"You are way off Mentafixol," she whispered, hoping she wouldn't be as crazy as he was in a few hours, when her own last pill had worn off.

"It ought to be perfectly safe." He put the gearshift in first, pressed down on the gas, and let up on the clutch, as he had seen Shane do a million times.

The car lurched forward and stalled. Elijah extended his arm just in time to prevent Holly from hitting the dashboard. His hand touched her breast, and she felt it. Elijah felt it times two: the shape of her breast under his hand, and also what she felt. Awareness, pleasure, horror, guilt. He snatched his hand away.

She crossed her arms tightly over her chest. "Safe?" she squeaked.

"Definitely, as long as we're not moving." He started the engine again, pressed down on the gas, and let up on the clutch more slowly this time. The car lurched but kept rolling, and he maneuvered it onto the main road. For Vegas, the traffic wasn't too bad at the late hour. But as he cruised this straight, easy road, it was all he could do to focus on keeping the car in his lane. Each time he passed a car going in the opposite direction, he could hear the thoughts of the drivers and passengers.

Then there was Holly's terror, forcing him to the edge of a meltdown. They paused at the wide intersection with the Strip, and Holly gazed longingly past the towers of cheerful lights toward their casino, wondering if she would ever see her parents or Kaylee again. Elijah gripped the steering wheel and accelerated onward. Luckily the entrance to the interstate was straight ahead. He looped around the ramp, onto the elevated highway.

And then the gun in his pocket wiggled. This wouldn't have startled him so much, because they did hit an occasional bump on the interstate. But Holly was concentrating hard on that gun, willing it to move, using her mind to tug it toward the opening of his pocket. If she was successful, it would tumble to the floorboard and she would make a grab for it under the steering wheel while Elijah dared not take his eyes off the road and kept driving.

Of course, Holly could concentrate on the gun as much as she wanted and nothing would happen, because people couldn't move things with their minds. So when Elijah thought it really did shift a quarter inch upward in his pocket, defying gravity, he nearly jumped out of his skin.

Another bump in the road had jostled it, he assured himself, gripping the steering wheel harder with sweating palms. He stared into the traffic, focusing on the eighteen-wheelers zooming past them rather than on Holly tugging at the gun and now shoving him a bit, trying to push him out the door of the car. She wasn't moving him at all, and she knew this. She didn't really want to kill him. But she had no idea Elijah not only sensed she was trying to shove him but also actually felt little pushes on his shoulder.

This was crazy-and not your run-of-the-mill mental adolescent dysfunction crazy, either, but Las Vegas, midnight interstate, telekinetic showgirl, mind-reading carpenter crazy. He wasn't sure anymore how long he could withstand this hell he'd constructed for himself. The drive to Icarus was ten hours.

The gun made its biggest movement yet, its hilt clearing his jeans, spilling out of his pocket completely. As he felt this, he also sensed Holly seeing her chance. He put one hand down to grab for the gun, his reflexes slowed and his hand missing its target because his eyes were on the traffic and his head was too full of everything.

Fuck. Out of the corner of his eye, he watched the blur of bright spangles and brown hair as she swept up the gun and pointed it at him, plastering her slim body against the passenger door, as far away from him as possible. "Pull over and let me out," she gasped, big dark eyes hard under false lashes.

Shit, shit, shit. He was the shittiest kidnapper ever. But not that shitty. "I'm not going to let you out on the side of the interstate. Not while you're wearing that. And the gun isn't loaded."

She didn't believe him. He was telling her that to convince her to put the gun down. She leveled it at his ear. Her finger twitched on the trigger.

"Aim it away from me if you don't know how to work it." Keeping one hand on the wheel, he used the other to point the gun away from both of them and off the road, toward the tops of the palm trees peeking from behind the concrete barrier-but her hands were shaking, as was her mind, and his, so he turned his attention back to the traffic before he got completely disoriented.

"We're going to Icarus, Colorado," he told her. "That's where they make Mentafixol. I can't go through life crazy like this. My pills have gone missing for almost a week now, and nobody seems to be able or willing to do anything about it. I'm driving to Colorado to get some before I land in an institution. And I'm taking you with me, because without Mentafixol, tomorrow you'll be just as crazy as I am now. I don't want that to happen to you, Holly. I don't want you to have to go through what I'm going through. I want to get medicine for you and for me. And at the very least, we can go crazy out of the state, where you're less likely to sabotage your own publicity. You want to start your own magician act soon, right?"

"Is that all?" she shrieked. "Is that all you want from me?"

He glanced over at her. Her dark eyes were wild, and the Strip glowed through the window, shining in her curls. The enormous billboard advertising her dad's magic act with her likeness crept up behind her and flashed past her shoulders.

She was relieved Elijah didn't plan to kill her. She was touched that he said he wanted to save her. But she didn't trust him. And there was something dark and ugly and twisted in her head too, something very unbecoming a pretty twenty-one-year-old innocent: disappointment. I'm driving to Colorado to get some echoed in her mind.

"Is that all you wanted?" she repeated.

He eyed her, careful not to let his glance dip to her cle**age. He honestly didn't know what to say.

"Then why did you threaten me with a gun on a freaking public bus?" she demanded, shaking the gun for emphasis.

"It's not loaded, but it's not a toy. Put it in the glove compartment."

She punched the button on the dashboard in front of her, dropped the gun out of sight behind the folded maps, blinked at the box of bullets, and slammed the glove compartment shut.

He cringed. Rob blowing a hole in the ceiling had left him gun-shy for a lifetime.

Then Holly turned back to Elijah expectantly and folded her arms across her br**sts again, showing him not her discomfort but her anger.

"I wanted you to come with me," he said, "but I needed enough time to explain it to you. I knew I wouldn't get the chance. I couldn't risk people overhearing us in the casino or on the bus when we've got one foot in the loony bin already."

"We?" she demanded. "That would be you. You're the one who pointed a gun at me and kidnapped me. Do you realize you did something crazy to prevent yourself from being crazy?"

"The irony of this does not escape me." Neither did the fact that he never would have attempted such a stunt if not for his imagined superpower.

His comment made his case. She recognized this Elijah as the one she'd bantered with on the bus, and she relaxed a little. "You really think they have our medicine up there?"

"We'll know in ten hours. When's the last time you went on a road trip to save your own sanity? It'll be fun."

She laughed and quickly pressed her lips together to quell it. Looking around the car, she asked, "Is Shane okay?"

Elijah nodded. "I didn't steal his car. He knows where we're going." Then, because his stomach still rumbled sympathetically with hers, he reached behind his seat with one hand, fished around for the small cooler, and placed it on her bare thighs.

"What's this?" she asked. "If it's Shane's head, I'm going to be really mad at you."

"Dinner," Elijah said.

She unzipped the top of the cooler. His mouth watered with hers, and his brain sensed the aromas of garlic and ginger as she opened the plastic container of Chinese food. Or maybe he actually smelled the food from across the car. He couldn't tell his sensations and hers apart. She dug in with the plastic fork he'd brought. The flavors exploded in his mind.

"Where'd you get this?" she squealed her approval with her mouth full.

"I made it," he said.

She drew an imaginary chart in her head and titled it Elijah. Under Pro she wrote Great cook and Funny and, after a pause, So hot. Under Con she scribbled, COMPLETE NUTCASE. She laughed at herself, both in her mind and in real life beside him in the car, a warm, husky sound through a savory mouthful.

She ate. He drove, the lights of Vegas melting back into the scrubby desert from which they'd sprung in the 1940s, the bare mountains in the distance outlined by starlight, and he listened to her thoughts. She would go with him to Icarus. He was right: Better that they both went off their rockers outside Vegas, where she was less likely to be recognized. She didn't want to do something crazy and ruin her chances at her own magic act. By the time they made it back to town or called Kaylee to rescue them, surely the pharmacy would have their medicine, and these dark days would be over.

Then her thoughts spun in different directions, ricocheting at random angles. But her attraction to him-that colored everything else in her mind. He constantly chided himself that his entire hallucination of mind reading was a symptom of MAD, some self-aggrandizing delusion. It was the wishful thinking of the teenage boy he'd been, jilted for a prom date with a girl who'd been too good for him, and wanting to prove she'd been wrong: Someday she'll be sorry. Now his someday had arrived.

He knew full well that the two storylines progressed in parallel: his delusional adventure story about saving himself and Holly, and what was really happening. He had no way of knowing which was which, or what borders they shared. He could only assume that what he processed as reading her mind was actually information he gained by some other method, like talking to her, or reading her body language, or subconsciously capitalizing on four years of college psychology classes. He could only work with the information he had.

She dropped the fork and empty container back into the cooler, zipped it, and tossed it into the backseat. She wanted to thank him for a delicious homemade dinner, except as a general rule she did not thank her kidnappers. She was still kind of mad at him. Instead she said, "Your plan is to drive to Icarus, Colorado, and go to the drug factory that makes Mentafixol."

Candy company, he almost corrected her. That would sound crazy, so he just nodded.

"You have the address?"

"I looked it up on the web. It's on the main street of the town." He'd broken out in a cold sweat at his computer when he saw that the address he'd pulled from the pharmacy clerk's mind was a real place. But if the candy company actually made his medicine, he'd probably remembered the address from a pill bottle, back in the heady days when his pills were at his fingertips. And if the candy company didn't make his medicine, he'd unknowingly remembered the address from some gift catalog in his mother's apartment.

The upside was, he'd also seen on the web that the candy company was famous for its fudge. If in fact he'd imagined the entire connection between the candy company and Mentafixol, when they arrived, perhaps he could buy Holly some fudge to placate her-especially if she was crazy by then, too.

"I doubt we can walk up to a drug factory and ask for drugs, even with a prescription," Holly reasoned. She'd been working through the scenario as she talked. Now an awful possibility occurred to her, and her heart thumped harder again. "You're not thinking of holding up the drug factory?" She folded one leg and braced the toe of her glittering shoe against the glove compartment in case he dove for the gun.

"I'm thinking of casing the joint," he admitted. "All I know for sure is that we need that drug, there's none in Vegas, and I suspect there's lots in Icarus. Beyond that, we'll play it by ear."

She decided to humor him. He seemed honestly intent on "saving" her, and she could at least return the favor by keeping him out of trouble. She kicked off her high heels and cranked down the window. She stretched her long legs in front her and put her bare feet out the window, wiggling her toes in the roaring wind. Her pink toenail polish twinkled in the streetlights over the interstate. "So, now that we're finally being honest with each other ..." she began.

He winced internally and tried not to show it on his face. He really hated deceiving her about how crazy he'd gone. He wished he were rescuing her for real.

"... what does it feel like to be off Mentafixol completely?" she asked. "In case our field trip to the drug factory doesn't work, I want to know what I'm in for tomorrow afternoon."

He didn't want to scare her about what she was in for. He didn't want to terrify her by revealing his current state of mind, sending her skittering into a convenience store the first time they stopped for gas, seeking the protection of the clerk and the panic button and the shotgun behind the counter. But he didn't want to lie to her, either. He told her as much of the truth as he could. "I feel like something's going to happen."

As he spoke, a rock song she loved whispered through the radio. He dialed up the volume. Sure enough, as if he could really read minds, she relaxed into the seat and lost herself in the beat of the music. The song made the midnight drive through the desert more bearable. She was embarrassed that she'd asked him on a date and he'd responded by kidnapping her. She was humiliated that he'd probably been charming on the bus only so he could stay close to her and pull a gun on her, not because he'd been coming on to her. But to the background noise of this song, she could pretend that it was a normal crush gone bad, and that she wasn't teetering on the edge of madness herself.

Elijah relaxed too, finally. His head filled with how much she loved this song, especially the cool part coming up. He liked the song himself. Tune after tune they both liked came on Vegas's best alt-rock station. The weight of the last few days didn't lift from his shoulders, exactly, but underneath that burden he was at least able to enjoy listening to Holly's colorful mind.

The rest would wait until tomorrow.

10

Holly welcomed the dawn. Now that she could see in the first sunlight, she had something to occupy her mind besides the impending doom of herself and Elijah. As he sped the car along a winding mountain highway, she spied pinecones and rocks on the shoulder ahead of them and tried to lift them with her mind, just as she'd willed Elijah's gun to come to her the night before.

Nothing happened, of course. The gun had slipped out of Elijah's pants when they hit a bump in the road. Her telekinetic power was in her imagination. But as the Mentafixol continued to wear off, exercising her imagined mental muscle gave her skin a euphoric sparkling sensation, just like old times.

At the intersection with the even narrower highway that would finally take them up to Icarus, Elijah stopped at a gas station and bought her a soda-not diet but a real one with full sugar-and a candy bar, her favorite kind. She wondered how he'd known. For the final leg of the drive, she nibbled candy, sipped Coke, and braced her bare feet on the glove compartment to keep herself from sliding into him when he rounded sharp curves. As the tires spun pebbles into the air and over cliffs, she pretended she was moving them herself, and wished she could. It seemed pedestrian, but the sparkles and the sharp morning sunlight on her skin made it ecstasy.

Midmorning, the paved highway petered out into a dirt road and wound around the lip of a cliff and into a tunnel carved from the solid rock of the mountain. He slowed the car as darkness fell on them like a rock slide. He flipped the windshield wipers on before finding the headlights.

Holly tried to breathe normally. Nothing was wrong. It was just a tunnel, and not a very long one. She could see the end, a semicircle of light straight ahead. She panted anyway. She couldn't move anything in here. She couldn't move anything anyway-her power was her delusion, stronger and stronger as the Mentafixol wore off-but even if she'd been able to levitate, she would have been no match for this mountain. She sensed the whole huge weight of it above her.

"Hey." Elijah slid his hand from the gearshift onto her knee. Electricity surged up her thigh. "Keep your eyes on the light."

She did. She focused on that faraway exit, holding her breath as the light came closer and loomed larger. She thought she might pass out before they reached it. Her whole body sparkled from Elijah's touch and Mentafixol withdrawal and lack of oxygen.

"And here we are," Elijah said. When the car broke free from the shadows of the tunnel, he kept his hand on her knee, even rubbed his thumb gently across her skin, giving her something to concentrate on besides her disorientation.

As the sunlight hit her full in the face, Holly gasped her relief and squinted toward Icarus. Elijah had told her its claim to fame was that it was one of the highest towns in North America, making it a minor tourist attraction. He hadn't mentioned that the entire town seemed to be one long street lined with historic buildings, or that this street was perched on the very edge of the cliff, as if to say towns and tourists and drug seekers had no business here. From this distance, it didn't look real. It resembled a model for movie special effects. Godzilla would step carefully over the nearest mountain peak and stomp toward them any second.

She managed to say, "Pretty."

"Very." He piloted the car up the street and paused at an inexplicable traffic light, gazing up at the quaint two-story buildings emblazoned up top with the year they were built, Holly assumed: 1878, 1880. They passed the town hall, a bar, a grocery store, another bar, a fire station, still another bar, a hotel with a whole three stories and a restaurant, lots of gift shops, and a bar, as they cruised down the deserted road. A few cars were parked along the sides, but not a soul appeared on the wooden sidewalks in the brilliant summer morning.

He drove almost to the end of the street and stopped the car in front of an adorable two-story wooden Victorian, all gingerbread and lace, with a sign out front painted in careful cursive: TWO MILE HIGH CANDY CO. Holly turned to look at Elijah in question, but he gazed past her at the house. She looked where he was looking. The windows were dark. A hand-printed sign on white paper took up one pane of glass in the door.

"It's closed," he breathed.

"Is this the factory where Mentafixol is made?" Holly asked. She hoped he only meant to buy her another candy bar. If he thought their medicine was made at a candy store-wow, he was crazy.

In answer, he killed the motor without putting the car in gear. It lurched forward in one final burp before dying. Before, he'd saved her from a quick stop before by throwing his arm in front of her. This time he didn't notice. She caught herself with both hands on the glove compartment before her seat belt snapped her backward. He bailed out of the car and jogged past the front bumper and up the sidewalk.

She stared after him, fighting the urge to scream. She hadn't really believed there was a factory in Bumfuck, Colorado, that made her psychoactive drug, had she? But Elijah had seemed so sincere. He obviously believed the story himself. She had wanted to believe him.

And now ... waiting to go crazy here, with him, was better than waiting to go crazy on the velvet couch in the casino dressing room, under the watchful eye of her parents. Elijah needed her.

She slipped her shoes on and hurried after him, the sun strong on her bare back. In the shade of the wide front porch, she stood beside him and read the sign. REOPENING AFTER THE PARADE.

They looked at each other.

They looked one way down the street, toward the quiet historic town.

They looked the other way up the street. A few more storefronts led to a dead end at a mountain that towered frighteningly close over them, bright orange against the blue sky.

"A parade?" she mused. "Is it a holiday?"

"Not in America. We missed Flag Day."

"Maybe they celebrate the country of their ancestors. France? Bastille Day isn't for another three and a half weeks." She tried the doorknob-locked-and then rang the doorbell, which chimed forlornly inside the shop. "Allons enfants de la Patrie." She placed her forehead on the wooden window frame so she could see inside beyond the glare of reflected sunlight. Chocolates beckoned her from a display case, and cafe tables and chairs awaited her arrival, but no aproned and paper-hatted attendant appeared to let them in. "Le jour de gloire est arrive," she said, straightening. "But maybe not for a few hours. We'll come back when the parade is over."

Elijah's low voice escalated into panic. "We don't even know when the parade is, so we don't know when to come back."

"It's not this morning or we'd see them lining up for it already," she said soothingly. "It can't be tonight or there'd be no point in them opening the store afterward. It must be this afternoon."

"That won't do us any good," he said breathlessly. "It will be a few hours shy of two days off the pill for you. At that point off the pill, I was already completely insane. That means two of us insane, Holly. What will I do without you to keep me sane? God damn it!" He reared back with one foot to kick the door.

Just what they needed-to look crazy when they were going crazy, and to get arrested for attacking a candy shop. Holly surged forward to stop him.

His foot paused in midair.

She remained standing next to him. She hadn't actually moved toward him to block his foot from the door. She'd only blocked him with her mind. Sparkles swirled around her limbs like golden candy sprinkles spilling from the store.

This hadn't really happened. She'd only imagined it. Elijah had stopped himself.

His sneaker still hovered inches from the door. Without looking at her, slowly he lowered his foot to the floor of the porch.

She ran her eye up and down him. His arms were folded tightly across his red T-shirt as if he was cold in the warm morning, his strong biceps stretching the cotton. The light brown waves of his hair quirked into odd shapes in the breeze. His green eyes were wild and worried, still scanning the storefront for a way in. He was insane and adorable, and so vulnerable after ten hours of machismo.

"There's nothing else we can do right now," she said. "We'll wait until this afternoon and hope for the best. You're tired. When's the last time you slept?"

He cut his eyes briefly at her before returning them to the store. "I guess it's been over twenty-four hours," he admitted. "And I didn't sleep very well then."

"Come here," she said. He didn't move, and this time she didn't rely on her pretend power. She physically pulled him toward her by his hips until he stumbled a step forward. She slid her hands around to his back and rubbed up and down slowly through his T-shirt. He was so stiff under her hands that she half expected him to pull away. He never unfolded his arms. But he let her rub his back, and finally he put his chin down on her shoulder.

"Why don't we go to that hotel down the street?" she asked, her voice muffled by his chest. "They'll be able to give us specifics on the parade, and then we'll rest up until the time comes."

Now he pulled away from her, but only a few inches. He unfolded his arms and slid his hands down her forearms to her elbows, so they embraced each other equally. He looked deep into her eyes and said nothing.

She couldn't read his expression. He didn't seem horrified at the prospect of sharing a room, but he didn't seem too eager, either. His face was a blank. Puzzled, she pulled one hand free and placed her fingertips on the center of his shirt.

His heart raced under her touch.

Good. As long as his heart beat as fast as hers did when they stood this close, they were still alive, and human, and they couldn't be too far gone.

Elijah walked more slowly as he approached the elaborately carved front desk at the Victorian hotel. He hadn't thought this through. He'd made a big withdrawal before he left Vegas, so he had plenty of money in his pockets. He was a very good kidnapper in that regard. He could pay for this room in cash. But he would have to give them his debit card anyway for the security deposit. If the police were tracking him, he would be as good as caught.

The alternative was to take Holly to the run-down motel he'd noticed across from the gas station at the last intersection before the long and winding highway to Icarus. They wouldn't insist on seeing his debit card. But he couldn't take Holly there. It was too far, and she was too good for that.

A few minutes later, he stepped on the elevator, pressed the button for the third floor, and stood close to Holly-a little closer than necessary. "Good news," he said.

She clapped her hands. "I'm a good news kind of girl."

"The parade is at three. It's actually the practice parade they hold on the summer solstice, the autumnal equinox, and the winter solstice. Their annual St. Patrick's Day parade is the real blowout."

The doors slid open. She backed into the hallway as she asked him, "Today's the longest day of the year?"

He passed her and led the way down the hall to their room. "Feels like it already, and it's only 11 a.m." He winced as soon as he said this, because he knew by now how it would sound to her.

Sure enough, he felt her disappointment that he wasn't having fun with her. She'd hoped something would happen between them in the hotel room, but now she told herself: come on. What a thing to dwell on at a time like this, when he was suffering. As he stopped at their door and slid the key card into the lock, she reached out to rub his back again.

Elijah stilled, bracing himself for the touch that would mean he really could read minds.

Her warm hand stroked his back through his shirt.

He jumped.

"You're so nervous," she said. "Relax. We'll get some sleep, we'll go back to the ohmyGod weird-ass candy store that makes pharmaceuticals, and we'll get the Mentafixol. Everything will be fine. There's no reason to be tense." But as she pushed open the door and flicked on the light, she was wishing they did have something to be nervous about, and he would make a move on her-oh! Wait. Maybe he would, after all. There was only one bed.

"They gave me a king without asking," he explained. He was careful not to characterize this as good news or bad news so he wouldn't hurt her imaginary feelings or her real ones. It was the truth, as far as it went. The hotel clerk had taken one look at Elijah's showgirl and booked him a king, though he could see on the computer that there was still a double room available. Elijah simply hadn't corrected him. "Do want me to ask if we can change? Or I can get you a room to yourself."

"This is fine with me if it's okay with you." Holly rounded the bed and paused in the bathroom doorway. The king bed was a good sign. She hoped he was lying about not asking for it. Clearly he wasn't going to make a move on her in the next fifteen minutes, though. He watched her hungrily like a lean wolf who hadn't eaten in a week, but he swayed a little like he hadn't slept either. She backed into the bathroom and closed the door.

Elijah kicked off his shoes, stretched out on the bed, and clicked the TV on with the remote. He tried to listen to the news rather than her thoughts, but it was no use. He assumed she was removing her makeup, because she was thinking it was awfully heavy. And she was glad she'd brought remover in her purse, but she should have brought a hacksaw.

Finally she opened the door and stood in the doorway with her hands half shielding her face. "Don't look."

"What?" Elijah exclaimed. "You don't look bad. You look beautiful without makeup. Just different."

"Ha-ha." She stepped to the bed, crawled right over his outstretched legs, and slid beneath the sheets.

He expected some discussion of him sleeping on the floor, or building a wall of pillows between them. But she wasn't prudish like that, and besides, she seemed to trust him for some reason. Her eyes were already closed. She was wondering how well her parents would be able to adjust their act without her tomorrow morning-her dad was scheduled to perform an impossible feat of physical stamina-and whether they'd actually be relieved when she didn't show up, because she'd been dropping a lot of glittery golden hoops the past few nights while she watched the audience for Elijah.

He settled into a comfortable position, cushioned in the pillows on his own half of the bed. There was no way he would be able to sleep with her curled beside him, her chest smooth and bare, her bikini top peeking from the covers and sparkling in the lamplight. He wished she'd gone with him to the prom when they were fourteen, and that they'd given each other comfort in the face of MAD during those high school years. Instead, he'd stayed away from girls. His imagined mind-reading abilities told him Holly was as inexperienced as he was. But that must be wrong. She was a beautiful girl, and kind. Surely she'd had a serious boyfriend before. He only wished it had been him.

As his eyes roamed her bare face, her confusion of the past night and morning flattened into a gray buzzing static. He'd learned over the last few days living with Shane that this was how the earliest stage of sleep sounded when he was reading someone's mind. He clicked off the lamp on his bedside table, lowered the TV volume to a whisper, and turned on his side. He watched her for a long time.

"Where is Holly?" Rob barked.

Kaylee stopped her brisk walk across the casino floor and glanced toward the nearest security camera to remind Rob that they were being watched by the goons who'd beaten him up several nights before. Anger snapped in his eyes under lids still red and swollen from the fight.

She could have changed his mind and kept him from approaching her. Clearly he'd been watching her work a cheater at one of the poker tables, and he'd been waiting here among the slot machines for her return to the elevators. She didn't have time for him this morning, between the usual trouble at the casino and the big trouble Holly and Elijah were trying to find. In fact, she was running late for a meeting with Holly's dad.

But this confrontation with Rob was useful to her. It told her Rob hadn't followed Holly to Colorado. She'd worried all night about Holly's disappearance. But if Rob was here, she was almost glad Holly and Elijah had skipped town.

She closed the step between herself and Rob and looked up at his handsome face marred by bruises. "Holly is away from you," she said, "and that's the way it's going to stay. Now get out of my casino." She wanted to say a lot more, but Rob had planned this visit and staked her out. He might be wearing a wire so he could taunt her into saying something incriminating to embarrass the Starrs and the casino.

This type of encounter was old hat to her. People often had a beef with a casino employee and tried to drag the casino into their personal business. But this time was different because Holly was involved. And because Rob's eyes didn't flicker. He kept staring down at Kaylee, smiling smugly, a cut on his lip turning his confident grin sinister.

She changed his mind-staying in the casino was not a good idea-and resented the delicious prickles that washed over her as she used her power. She didn't want to associate Rob with the euphoria her power induced in her.

He glanced at her br**sts. Then he turned quickly and headed for the door across the casino floor.

She eyed him for the long minute it took him to transverse the floor packed with slot machines. She didn't think it was possible for someone without power to resist a mind changer, but Rob's defiance in the face of the goons and his cheeky peek at her br**sts just now unnerved her. She wanted to make sure he was gone. Finally he pushed through the revolving glass door and into the sunny morning.

Satisfied, she rode the elevator up to her office and nodded to the guards she'd posted outside. In the dark room, flickering with movement from the bank of security camera monitors behind her desk, Peter Starr nee Stuckenschneider jumped up from one of the chairs she reserved for guests and suspects. She waited until she'd closed and locked the door behind her before she approached him for a hug. The less people understood about how well they knew each other, the safer she and Peter and their relatives would stay. "Don't worry," she said into his shoulder.

He moved her to arm's length, frowning at her. "Don't worry!" he exclaimed. "You've taken my daughter off Mentafixol and you tell me not to worry?"

Good point. Kaylee gestured to the chair and retreated behind her desk. She tapped on her computer and pretended to be calling up some data. Peter would be soothed if he thought she was tracking Holly in some high-tech manner. "I know where she is."

"Where?" he asked sharply.

Kaylee tapped on the keyboard, as if she needed to call up that screen before answering, when actually she was opening her music download account. "Icarus." She knew this because Elijah had used his debit card issued by the casino employee credit union, not because she was tracking him by satellite.

"Colorado?" Peter exclaimed. "Where Mentafixol is made? What the hell is she doing up there?"

Kaylee looked Peter dead in the eye as she told him, "She's with Elijah." Kaylee didn't add that she knew this only because of Holly's bizarre text message last night. She didn't have the resources or the manpower to keep better tabs on them. But Peter didn't need to know that. Nobody did.

"You see?" Peter's nostrils flared, and he nodded with satisfaction and fury. "I told you not to take Holly and Elijah off Mentafixol at the same time."

"You put them on Mentafixol at the same time," Kaylee pointed out. "You had the same guy pose as a doctor to both of them. He called in both their prescriptions to the casino pharmacy. There was no way I could end the Mentafixol shipment for Holly without ending it for Elijah too, or without shifting one of their prescriptions somewhere else and making them suspicious. They're not fourteen anymore. You can't fool them like you used to."

"I didn't arrange all that in the first place," Peter said quietly. "Mr. Diamond was responsible. They happened to discover their power within a few hours of each other, and Mr. Diamond thought this was the best way to handle it."

"There you go." Kaylee gestured with one hand as if Peter's comment proved her point. "Mr. Diamond knows best." People with power worshipped Mr. Diamond for providing them a safe haven, and Kaylee wasn't above playing that card.

"Kaylee, that's really what I came here to talk to you about." Peter made a visible effort to collect himself and have a calm, informative discussion with Kaylee, as if he'd practiced what to say to her beforehand. He uncrossed and recrossed his legs. "Of all the young people you could take off Mentafixol to help protect us from the Res, why Holly? Why not Skye's kid, or Alvin's kid?"

"We discussed this a couple of weeks ago," Kaylee said. "Those boys are only sixteen. The Res will eat them for breakfast. I need them as strong as I can get them."

"Then, my God! There are lots of older kids. Both of Paxton's daughters."

"They're mind changers," Kaylee said patiently. "I don't need what I've already got. If the Res keeps sending scouts in here to scope us out, I'll withdraw as many people as I have to. But it takes time and care, as you understand, and first I need the best."

Peter nodded along, but he looked pained. "I know you're learning the ropes from Mr. Diamond. I know you have to take over the withdrawals sooner or later. But why does Holly have to be your guinea pig? Especially when you're trying to keep track of Elijah Brown too?"

Kaylee tilted her head to one side as if she were considering this carefully, then constructed a true statement, sort of. "I'm following Mr. Diamond's instructions." The instructions he'd left for her in his binder.

This seemed to satisfy Peter for the time being. "What are Holly and that kid doing in Icarus?"

"My guess is-"

"Your guess!" Peter roared. "You didn't have them followed?"

The blinds over the enormous windows on either side of Kaylee's desk suddenly raked open behind her, startling her with the noise and the bright sunlight. She jumped in her desk chair.

And immediately felt humiliated that she'd jumped. She said slowly, "I hate levitators."

Peter closed his eyes and breathed through his nose. "I'm sorry. I just-"

"We never follow the people we're withdrawing," Kaylee interrupted him. "You know that. If we followed them, Elijah would sense us. He'd get paranoid, they'd think we were out to get them, and they'd both run straight to the Res for protection the first time one of those Goth creeps approached them."

"But that's for normal withdrawals," Peter said. "That's when they stay in town while they're discovering their power. They just get really drunk and sloppy and do a few lines of coke to compensate, the levitators turn over a couple of police cars, and they're grateful when the casino bails them out of jail. They don't usually run off to Icarus, of all places!"

Kaylee nodded. "I was with Holly a few nights ago when Elijah asked her to share one of her last pills. He's been nagging the pharmacy, too. He and Holly both still believe they're mentally ill. They must have figured out where the pills are made, and they've taken it upon themselves to go and get more. Congratulations on freaking them out completely when they were kids."

As soon as she made this last comment, Kaylee regretted it. She'd never been on Mentafixol, and she regarded the entire charade of scaring the bejeezus out of fourteen-year-olds as draconian. But it was better than the alternative of the Res. She knew this firsthand.

"Freaked out or not, nobody actually drives up to Icarus to steal pills," Peter maintained. "I always said that kid was as crazy as his father."

"Crazy like a fox," Kaylee murmured, not without admiration.

Peter wiped his hand over his face. "He's a mind reader, Kaylee."

All the window blinds simultaneously slid downward, blocking out the sun, shrinking the blocks of light on Kaylee's desk until she sank into shadow. Now that her eyes had adjusted to the light, she couldn't see without it.

"He will drag her into some sex game," Peter whispered. "He will crush her before he even knows he can."

Kaylee sighed. "You're being a little melodramatic, aren't you, Peter? Just because Holly and Elijah are together, you assume they're having sex?"

"They're feeling their power for the first time since they were teenagers," Peter grumbled. "You remember how that is, when you're first exploring."

Kaylee was having enough trouble withdrawing them without Peter obsessing over every detail. She was tempted to change his mind about worrying over Holly and Elijah's relationship. He wouldn't feel a thing. But sooner or later, he'd realize what she'd done, and he'd come back angry. With Mr. Diamond gone, she had a hard road ahead. She needed every ally she could get.

"No one's warned her," Peter went on. He opened his fingers and closed them gracefully one by one, a magician's gesture, as if drawing Kaylee's attention to an invisible crystal ball in front of him. "She won't be able to defend herself."

Kaylee glanced at her watch for effect. "She will in another few hours."

As Kaylee had hoped, Peter relaxed in his chair, a smug smile on his face at her acknowledgment of the incredible strength of levitators.

But in reality, Kaylee knew Peter's concerns were dead-on. She wasn't sure how Holly would fare in a battle versus Elijah. The nice guy Holly had grown up with would be gone very soon. Power changed mind readers into controlling monsters. They were the engine that drove the sadism of the Res. She knew this from spending years as Isaac's bitch.

She snapped her attention to her computer again, as if it were full of important information about casino business that she needed to attend to. "Look, you've tried to keep Holly out of a relationship with Elijah since they were fourteen. You were right to think they would compare notes on their powers and deduce that they'd been had. But you're wrong to worry he'll be bad for her now. Yes, he'll manipulate her. And when she figures that out, she'll hurt him and get away from him. She's your daughter, after all."

"Yeah," Peter said, unconvinced. Kaylee didn't blame him.

She stood, signaling that the interview was over. "There's nothing we can do, Peter. Holly and Elijah are bound to figure out the Mentafixol situation this afternoon. When they do, they'll head back. I'll know when that happens." She would know only because the hotel room security deposit would be removed from Elijah's debit card, but she didn't share this with Peter. "Go home. You have that death-defying feat to perform tomorrow, right?"

"Right," he sighed.

She rounded her desk and put her hand on his back, comforting him at the same time she guided him toward the door. "Get some rest. Be prepared for Holly to come back into town soon, and for her to want to have a long talk with you." She opened the door for him and blinked in the bright light from the hallway. "Be prepared for her to be angry."

11

Elijah woke up sweltering. Beside him in the hotel bed, Holly drowned in dark dreams of zombies with gray clothes and gray faces, bony and gaunt, chained to a ballet barre, crouching in endless plies. The details of her dream were so quirky, he wanted to laugh. But he couldn't laugh with such pervasive sorrow and depression driving her imagination. He tried to go back to sleep. His swirling thoughts, her dark dreams, and the heat of the room threatened to smother him.

Carefully he rolled off the bed, watching her to make sure her eyelids hadn't fluttered open, then checked the thermostat on the wall. It was set at a comfortable temperature, and he didn't want to freeze her. The discomfort was all his. He snagged his wallet and the ice bucket and quietly left the room.

The bright sunlight in the hallway surprised him. It was midday.

He didn't mean to read the minds of other hotel guests as he passed their rooms. Their minds reached out to his. Here was a rodeo queen trying to rest up before the parade, but worrying about her excitable horse out in the town stables. Here was an overweight man struggling into a gorilla costume that had fit perfectly last year. Here was a happy family of three road-tripping through the mountains. They'd had a big brunch, then returned to the hotel for the small child's nap. When he woke, they would find a good spot to watch the parade.

The child's dreams were happy, of the child himself and angels and kittens leaping from cloud to cloud, chasing a birthday cupcake that zipped along just out of their reach, but then-the child caught it! And it magically divided into just enough cupcakes for everyone. The child had learned the story of five loaves and two fishes in church. The child and the kittens and angels giggled and ate. The cupcakes were delicious, vanilla with white icing. Elijah's mouth watered, and the pure sugar rushed through his blood. The child considered dividing the cupcake again so that everyone could have two cupcakes instead of one. He thought he could get away with it since his mom was not in this dream. Elijah agreed it was worth a try. Finally Elijah trudged on down the hall to retrieve his ice. On his way back, he paused next to this door again to share a few more seconds of a child's fantasy.

At his own door he slipped his wallet from his back pocket, then put both arms around the ice bucket while he fumbled to draw out the room key card-and nearly dropped the bucket as a wave of emotion and desire washed over him.

Holly was dreaming of him.

Holly was dreaming of making love with him, and-

Crunch. Elijah realized he was squeezing the ice bucket with both arms. He blinked, backing away from the door.

But no, he needed to go forward, toward the door, inside the room. To Holly.

He paused again with his key card in the slot. He couldn't really read minds. He only thought he could read minds because he was crazy. He shouldn't burst into the room and give Holly the rudest possible awakening by touching her when she didn't want to be touched, just because he'd thought he sensed her dream about him while he stood outside the door. That was how crazy people got accused of sexual battery and ended up in the state pen rather than the mental institution.

But if he woke her gently, and she seemed receptive, fair was fair.

He opened the door, illuminating the dark room with a wedge of light from the hallway.

A hotel notepad, a pen, a bottle of lotion, a glass of water-every object that had sat on the bedside table-circled slowly in the air above her head.

Elijah backed into the hall and slammed the door. In the craziest depths of his crazy evening that caused him to be medicated when he was fourteen, he'd never suffered a hallucination like this: objects tumbling in midair, glinting realistically in the light as if his insanity were the most carefully crafted Pixar cartoon.

He took a deep breath and collected himself, returning to the normalcy of the bright hotel hallway. He would get his Mentafixol that afternoon. The visions would go away. In the meantime, he had to quit freaking out before somebody got wise and carted him off. He steeled himself and opened the door.

Holly sat up in bed, the pad and pen and bottle of lotion and empty glass in her lap, blinking water out of her eyes.

She laughed nervously. "Was I snoring? Did you throw water on me?"

He backed against the door to close it, then gave her the sort of excuse he kept giving himself to explain away his own power. "No, you must have knocked your glass off the bedside table." His voice sounded hollow, as if he didn't quite believe it. In the bathroom he made them each a glass of ice water and grabbed a hand towel off the rack. He stopped at the edge of the bed and handed the towel to her. "Here."

She wrinkled her brow at the towel and took it slowly, as if he'd offered her something apropos of nothing, like a combination wrench or a pneumatic nailer. Finally she wiped her face with it. He waited until she was dry(er), then handed her the fresh glass.

She sipped the cold water. He could feel it in his throat. He was cooler already. He eased onto the bed again and drank from his own glass, the whole thing, down to the ice. He could see himself through her eyes. She watched his throat move as he swallowed.

He slid the glass of ice across his brow. "When you first got mental adolescent dysfunction," he said, "before you started taking Mentafixol, what were your symptoms? Did you think you had magical power?"

She nodded. Her curls bounced. "That's one of the most common symptoms. In my case, I thought I could move stuff with my mind."

Elijah shook the dregs of his glass into his mouth, swallowed. "Do you feel like you have this power now?"

"No. I haven't been off Mentafixol long enough. Probably in the next few hours, though. I feel it coming on. I have this urge to nudge things, even though right now I'm still sane enough to know I can't."

Elijah wasn't so sure she couldn't. He remembered the gun in his jeans, and the way his foot had seemed to hit an invisible wall preventing him from connecting with the door of the candy store that morning.

She took a few swallows of her own ice water. "How about you? Do you feel like you can levitate things?"

"No, I feel like I can read minds."

Her heart sped up as her suspicions bloomed. "Do you feel like that now?"

"Yes."

"Can you read my mind?"

He laughed shortly. "Yes."

"What am I thinking?" In her imagination she slid her arms around him and pressed her lips to his.

He said sharply, "Don't think that unless you're going to put your money where your ..."

She gaped at him.

"... mouth is," he finished weakly.

She was horrified that he could see into her mind. And not exactly turned off.

But of course this was all his imagination. He could feel himself blushing. "Holly, I'm sorry. I don't know what I'm saying. I haven't gotten enough sleep."

"Well." Trying to gloss over it, she glanced at the clock on the bedside table. "The parade won't start for another three hours. Lie back down, if you can dodge the wet spots."

He was embarrassed at her unintentional double entendre, and he could feel she was embarrassed, but how could he really feel this? It was enough to know that they both looked down and avoided meeting each other's eyes in the flickering light of the TV as he sank onto the bed beside her. Facing her would seem like he assumed too much after his comment about her mouth, so he flipped onto his other side.

She wasn't touching him, but he felt her warmth.

And thought her thoughts.

That she wanted him.

That she was not thinking straight.

And then he felt her hands in his hair. At first she only ran her fingers along the ends of the outermost strands, testing. He probably couldn't have felt this physically. He knew she was doing it only because in his mind he could see her seeing it in the sunlight filtering weakly around the edges of the curtains. He felt more pressure as she plunged her fingers deeper into his hair, letting the waves slide between her carefully polished long nails, marveling at the way some strands blended into the dark while others glinted in the dimmest light.

When he didn't shy from her touch, soon she was massaging his scalp, running the nails of both hands through it and gently scratching. He let his head fall back into her hands in tacit approval of her touch.

Her thoughts of kissing him were gone. Now she thought of his hair, the way it glinted in the light, like tiny grains of sand in every color on the shores of Lake Mead, which she'd visited often with her parents when she was a child on languid Mondays, her parents' one day off from the casino. She thought of water, and sunshine, and a comfortable sleep.

"What the hell!" Holly cried.

Elijah shook the nightmares out of his head and sat up on his elbows in bed, casting about in his mind for what had prompted Holly to sit bolt upright and curse. He didn't need to read her mind to figure this out. Some horrible creature howled in the street outside the hotel, joined by another howl and another. After a minute they fell into roughly the same two-part chord. Bagpipes.

"The parade!" Holly scrambled from the sheets and made a long-legged leap off the bed, landing at the window and tearing back the curtains. She leaned over, forearms on the windowsill, and watched the commotion in the street. "You're missing it," she called.

He was not. He saw it all through her eyes. A line of bagpipers in kilts stretched across the street and led the parade. Next came a line of people in gorilla suits. Holly had never seen that many people in gorilla suits in one place, not even in Vegas. Then came big pickup trucks hauling flatbed trailers. People in shorts and T-shirts sat on the trailers and waved. Holly assumed the people would wear costumes and would get around to decorating the trailers before St. Patrick's Day, and then the trailers would be called floats. The horses brought up the rear: rodeo horses dashing about, Tennessee walking horses stomping a strange gait, Native American horses decked out in beaded harnesses, all producing copious amounts of poo. Elijah didn't need to look out the window to see this. Mind reading could make a guy lazy.

She looked over her shoulder at him, curls cascading down her bare arm. Her attention shifted from the parade to him. Because she'd been so tired before, she hadn't even attempted to take advantage of the fact they were sharing a king bed. Only now was she realizing she'd just spent the last few hours in bed with Elijah Brown. He'd been a gentleman. She wished he'd been less of one. Tangled up in the covers, his hair a riot, dark circles under his eyes, he'd never looked sexier.

She asked, voice husky, "Are you coming?"

He rolled out of bed and crossed the room to her. She turned back to the window, but she held her breath, anticipating his touch.

Past her glossy brown hair, the parade marched on, a colorful blur. Elijah focused on her smooth bare back. He touched her sleep-warmed skin with his fingers.

An unseen hand grasped his hand. He flinched, but the pressure was unrelenting. The invisible force moved his hand up her back, toward her shoulders. Her mind told him she wanted to be kneaded there.

He did what she asked. Under the gentle but steady pressure, he had no choice. He reached forward, placed both hands just below her neck, and circled his thumbs.

She rolled her shoulders, welcoming his touch. And he was bathed in warm and tingling pleasure: the delicious sensation he always got when he used his power, and the additional heady feeling she got using hers. It was all he could do to keep massaging her shoulders and pretending he touched gorgeous girls this way in hotel rooms every day of the week.

"Of all the powers to imagine we have, why these?" she chirped, trying to act as casual as he was acting. "Dr. Gray said I was jealous of my dad-"

"You went to Dr. Gray?" Elijah asked, hands stopping on her back. Of course she did, if they had the same ... disorder. He was beginning to wonder.

"-and that makes sense, I suppose," she went on. "But if you have MAD, couldn't you imagine a better superpower than that? Why can't I imagine I have the power to eat all the cookies I want without getting fat?"

"You're really into the sugar high," Elijah commented. Kneading her back, losing himself in the tingling sensation she was giving him, he inhaled the oleander scent of her hair.

"Oh, no, it's over," she exclaimed.

His heart sank, thinking she wanted him to stop touching her. Then he leaned even farther forward to look around her shoulders, and he realized she meant the parade was over. It had reached the end of the street that ran up against the side of the orange mountain, near the candy store. Faintly he heard the participants cheering for themselves as they pumped their fists in the air. The lines of people and trucks and horses curled back on themselves and melted into a disorganized crowd.

She looked over her shoulder at him, sunlight glinting in her dark hair, her eyes dark, her lips curled into the smallest secret smile. "What superpower do you wish you imagined you had?"

"Reading minds," he said.

"How lucky. You're satisfied with your delusion."

"Very."

Deliberately she kept her eyes focused on his, but she thought about kissing him.

Automatically he raised one hand to his tingling lips.

Her chest was so tight, she could hardly breathe. "We need to talk." She led him by the hand to the bed. They sat facing each other. The curtains were still open a foot, and the afternoon sunlight slanted across the room, drawing a broad line between them.

"If you can read minds ..." she reasoned slowly.

"Mm-hmm," he prompted her.

"... but you think it's a delusion caused by MAD ..."

"Mm-hmm?"

"Are you ever right about what people are thinking? And if you're right, how do you explain that?"

"Most of the time, I can't tell whether I'm right or not," he said. "Sometimes the person will say something or do something that lets me know I'm right. In those cases, I figure I'm really reading their body language or making an educated guess. I'm pretty good at that. I didn't major in psychology for nothing. And my brain is interpreting that information as mind reading because I am mentally diseased."

"Right," Holly said. She wasn't listening to him, though. She was thinking about her own magical power. She was thinking Elijah's was hard to prove real, but hers wasn't.

"Then do it," he said.

Holly jumped. She watched him warily. "Do what?"

"Show me your power," he said. His heart was full of dread. How awful, if she thought she was making the pillows sail through the air, and he could clearly see she wasn't. He liked to picture her as a telekinetic force of womanhood, not a fragile and deluded beauty. But they needed closure. "Make something move."

"My power isn't as strong as it was when I was fourteen," she apologized. "It's stronger every hour, but not that strong."

"Because you haven't been off Mentafixol as long as I have," Elijah said. "Show me what you've got."

She focused on him. Without taking her eyes off him, she thought about the TV remote on the bedside table behind him. In her mind she fingered the switch.

The TV clicked off.

She thought about the light switch just inside the door in the bathroom.

The light extinguished.

She thought about the curtains.

They raked shut. Slivers of light careened around the room as the curtains swung, but slowly the fabric settled straight down, erasing the line of light between her and Elijah. The darkness was complete.

Elijah's mind raced. He should do something. He should feel something. All he could feel was Holly. She was hyperaware of the pitch dark and her heart pounding so hard in her chest that it hurt. If she had magical power, that meant she wasn't crazy. But if she wasn't crazy, her parents had lied to her. Her whole life was built on a lie, and she had no life left.

"Stop." He couldn't see her at all in the dark, but he needed to touch her and stop her. He put his hand on what he thought was her bare knee.

Her thoughts did stop, or rather, rebooted, redirected. Now she was thinking about Elijah's hot hand on her skin. Or Elijah was thinking this. Or they both were, their separate thoughts intertwining in his head until he couldn't tell the difference.

He slid his hand off her knee and felt around on the bedside table next to him until he found the lamp. He switched it on. In the sudden light, she blinked long brown lashes at him. She had magical power, she was hot for him, and she was real.

"We have to make sure," he said. "We have to know why. The candy store is open by now." He stood and held out his hand to her. "Let's go."

She had to shower first.

"No, you don't," Elijah called from the bedroom. "We're just going up the street to change our lives forever. No need to get fancy."

Holly had no intention of getting fancy. She was in as big a hurry as he was. But now that she and Elijah had turned this corner, she felt more self-conscious. She wasn't sure whether to be mortified that he'd heard her every lustful thought about him, or turned on. But as long as she was freshly showered and wore her false lashes, she could do anything. It wasn't really her.

Though ... she cupped her spangled boobs in her hands and turned to the side to examine herself in the mirror. This outfit might be a little much for Icarus. Or a little little. She would stand out, to say the least, and that might not be desirable while she and Elijah were hanging around the candy company, casing the joint. Maybe she should stop at one of the gift shops and buy herself whatever people wore up here. Dungarees. She wasn't sure what dungarees were.

"I think you should wear what you've got," Elijah called. "That way, if anything strange happens, we can shrug and explain that we're from Vegas." He opened the door and hung on the frame with his arms over his head, showing her those muscular triceps beneath his T-shirt sleeves. "I wish you could read my mind. You look so gorgeous exactly like that."

She watched her bare cheeks redden in the mirror and her mouth widen into a grin. "You can take the girl out of Vegas, but you can't take Vegas out of the girl." She dug in her purse for her false eyelash glue.

He exhaled his impatience through his nose. Even with everything else spinning through her head, she was able to appreciate the beauty of this man hanging on the door frame. She swept on her cosmetics while he watched her darkly.

They cruised up the street in Shane's car and parked in front of the candy company again. The difference this time was that the storefronts, the sidewalks, and even the streets were filled with pedestrians. Mounting the brick steps to the store, they passed someone going down, a gorilla wearing a metallic green leprechaun hat.

"Wait," Holly said, spinning to follow the gorilla with her eyes. "I thought we left Vegas." Now that she was about to discover the truth, she wasn't sure she wanted to hear it.

Elijah could read her mind and wouldn't let her stall. He took her hand and hauled her the rest of the way up the steps. He pulled her through the door of the store and didn't let her go until they stood in front of the candy case, the cafe tables around them filled with more gorillas and cowgirls and a few pirates nibbling bonbons.

"What can I do ya for?" asked the portly, white-haired man in a plaid shirt and overalls who manned the old-fashioned metal cash register.

"We would like some Mentafixol," Elijah said.

"And a half pound of those chocolate-covered seafoam candies," Holly added.

"Mentafixol!" the candy man exclaimed. He shook open a small bag.

Holly was afraid he would say he'd never heard of the stuff, but Elijah flexed his hand down by his side, signaling her to wait.

"Nobody's ever come in and asked for it before," the man went on, scooping candies into the bag. Holly watched him carefully to make sure he was scooping from the seafoam tray and not the nut chew tray next to it.

She remembered their mission and prompted the man, "But you do make Mentafixol?"

"Oh, yeah, we make it." The man placed the bag on a scale. "It's the only pill we make. We manufacture it in small batches on special order for one clinic in Las Vegas that treats a very rare condition called MAD, which stands for mental addled dysphoria."

"Mental adolescent dysfunction," Holly and Elijah said together. They were careful not to look at each other, and Holly hoped the candy man hadn't noticed their enthusiasm.

"Why do you make it up here?" Holly asked. "You're a long way from Vegas. Is the clinic that asks for it trying to keep it a secret?"

"Oh, I don't think so," said the man. "We're just convenient. We have the altitude necessary for the chemical reaction. We have the molybdenum. Did you know that the town of Icarus was founded in the nineteenth century as a molybdenum mining camp?" He leaned forward, bushy white brows high, and shook the bag at Holly.

She took the bag from him and popped a candy into her mouth.

"All of us in town work as molybdenum miners when you tourists go home," the man said. "Here in the shop, we make the molybdenum cores of Mentafixol. Then we just dump them into the coating drum for a hard candy shell and a nice paraffin polish."

Holly glanced over at Elijah for direction. He watched the candy man with an intense look in his green eyes-an expression Holly had come to recognize over the past day without even knowing she was recognizing it, his mind-reading expression. "Don't you think it's kind of unusual for a candy company to be asked to make a prescription drug?" he asked. "Don't you ever get inspected by the FDA?"

"I have had that thought." The man pointed at Elijah. "I don't want you to think I haven't. I've even called the clinic to ask them about it. And every time I do, they send somebody all the way up here to discuss it with me right away. Lately it's been a little blond girl. Something in the way she describes it to me makes so much sense that I change my mind about complaining."

Elijah nodded like it was all becoming clear. "Here's the thing," he said. "We're here for the parade."

"I can see that," the candy man said, eyeing Holly. "You were with the gorillas."

"Yes," Holly lied, cheering him with a flourish of the piece of candy in her fingers. She put it in her mouth.

"But while we're here," Elijah said, "we wanted to check on the Mentafixol. We have friends at the clinic, and the clinic has run out of medicine."

"You don't say!" the man said. "Let me go look at that ticket." He turned and moved to the shelves behind him.

Elijah leaned down to Holly and whispered, "The blonde is Kaylee."

"The blonde is ..." Holly repeated with her mouth full, not understanding. Then, slowly, she understood. Kaylee was the "little blond girl" who kept the candy company from asking too many questions about Mentafixol. The chocolate turned to sand in Holly's mouth. She swallowed the dry mouthful. "How do you know?"

"I can see her in his mind." Elijah straightened and resumed his intense look as the man returned to the register.

"Yep, the clinic asked us to halt shipment," the man said. "And I can't give you any. It has to go through the clinic. But you know who else in Vegas would have some?"

"Who?" Elijah asked in a tone that told Holly he already knew.

"That blonde," the man said. "She always takes boxes and boxes back with her, plus we make her a few big horse pills and even some injectables out of the same stuff. God knows what she does with those. You want me to dig up her card?"

Elijah squinted at the man. Now Holly did wish she could read Elijah's mind, because she had no idea what the next step in his plan was. If he'd been fishing for a way to get the man to fork over some Mentafixol, he'd run out of options.

She concentrated on the box that the man had turned to stare at on the shelves behind the counter a moment before. She thought about sliding it out from the boxes around it.

It moved into midair.

Elijah blinked. "You've been so helpful," he said quickly to the man. "Let me pay you for"-he cut his eyes sideways at Holly's bag of candy-"that."

Holly floated the box of Mentafixol up to the ceiling.

As the man bent to peer at the cash register, Elijah widened his eyes at Holly, then gestured with his head at the crowded cafe tables, warning her to cut out the levitation or they would get caught.

Holly didn't understand how anybody who happened to see what she was doing could possibly link her with a floating box of pharmaceuticals. She shrugged. "I'm a magician."

Elijah paid, and Holly took him by the hand. She led him across the shop, then opened the door by backing him against it. "Thank you for the candy," she whispered. She stood on her tiptoes and kissed him on the lips. Electricity shot through her, but for once she wasn't fully vested in the attentions of Elijah. She let her lips linger on his while she coaxed the box a few feet downward, under the doorjamb, and outdoors. Then she rubbed the tip of her nose against Elijah's and pulled him free of the shop, down the sidewalk, to Shane's car, with the neat white box floating in the air in front of them all the way.

12

Elijah started the Catalina with an erk and meant to speed away from the candy store before the old man dashed after them and snatched his Mentafixol back. But Elijah hadn't driven ten feet before he had to brake hard for a group of men hiking down the street. They weren't in costume for the parade but were decked out in Western wear like real cowboys. They might actually have been molybdenum miners.

"They put us on Mentafixol to keep us from using our power," Holly murmured, one pink fingernail tracing patterns on the box on the seat between them.

"Apparently," Elijah said. He was trying to get his brain around the situation himself. He could read minds. It was real. After twenty-one years as a fatherless nobody, he had more power than he knew what to do with.

The concept just wouldn't sink in. He had no room in his head for his own thoughts because Holly's black anger pushed them out.

"And they told us we were crazy so we'd take the Mentafixol." Her words came faster and faster to keep up with the darkness swirling in her mind. "That's what my dad meant when he said he'd reveal all the secrets of his magic act to me after his impossible feat of physical stamina tomorrow. He knew I was coming off Mentafixol. The secret is that there's no trick to it. He has power just like me. That's how he levitates with no wires. And he's only number four on the list of the ten biggest mysteries of Las Vegas? Seems like he could pull out all the stops and at least make it to number two."

Elijah stomped the brakes again and stalled the car to keep from hitting a gorilla. The remnants of the parade flowed around them, and Elijah caught scraps of strangers' thoughts that he didn't want and couldn't use: a recipe for guacamole, the current score of the Rockies-Red Sox game. He put the car in gear, restarted it, and touched his fingers to his aching head. "Your dad could be number one, but he doesn't want to attract too much attention. People would blackmail him, kidnap him, kill him. And you. He's been hiding in plain sight."

In plain sight of everyone including Holly. She took it as a personal slap in the face, and her anger stirred. Then she cocked her head at Elijah. "What about your mom?"

They passed under the single traffic light and reached the edge of town-a good thing, because Elijah was growing impatient with pedestrians wandering into the path of the car. "My mom doesn't have power," he said, but come to think of it, he wasn't so sure. This was one of the things he'd been trying to puzzle through, and Holly's thoughts kept interrupting him.

Holly's flamboyant dad was the more obvious trickster. Yet Elijah's mom was the head dealer at the casino. The ability to read minds would come in handy for a job like that. And she'd conveniently taken a vacation just when his Mentafixol was cut off. She hadn't been around for the past few days, so he couldn't read her mind and discover all her secrets.

"Am I getting this wrong?" Holly's voice interrupted his logic again. "You're not mad at your mom."

"My dad's dead," he said. "It's always been just me and her. I guess she did what she had to do."

"My God, Elijah, we're not saying she worked late at the casino some nights. We're saying she took your power away from you for seven years. She drugged you and told you that you were mentally ill. She might as well have tied you up in the basement. Get mad! Wake the hell up!"

She shoved his shoulder-not with her hand but with her mind-hard enough that he momentarily lost his grip on the steering wheel, and the Pontiac veered to the center of the road. He stomped the brake. The car screeched to a stop. The engine was dead.

As red dust billowed around them, he glared at her, surprising himself with the force of his anger. "Don't. Do. That!" he shouted.

She stared wide-eyed at him, frightened at how dangerous he looked. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to-"

"Then you have to learn to control it!"

"Me!" she squealed, her fear turning back to anger. "You've been tromping through my mind twenty-four/seven!"

Turning away from her, he took a calming breath through his nose and started the engine again. "I saw an overlook on the drive in. Let's stop there and we'll talk."

That meant they would have to drive through the tunnel. Holly closed her eyes, but the warmth of the sun cut off sharply. Her skin chilled, and the noise of the motor echoed weirdly around them. She sensed the whole weight of the mountain on top of her.

Feeling everything she felt, Elijah gripped the steering wheel and held his breath until they emerged into the sunlight on the other side of the mountain. The darkness of her thoughts didn't relent. He found himself racing to the scenic overlook. He pulled into the empty parking lot, stopped the car with a jerk, snagged the box of Mentafixol, and leaped out, away from her, out of her thoughts. Only then did he breathe a sigh of relief.

He led the way up a path between red boulders. Beyond a row of weathered wooden picnic tables, the ground ended in a cliff. He stood as near the edge as he dared and looked way over into the canyon surrounded on all sides by rugged mountains. He couldn't see the bottom.

Darkness approached him from behind. He turned to watch Holly follow in his steps up the path, beautiful as ever, a faraway look in her eyes the only sign that her world as she knew it had ended. She seated herself on a boulder with her long legs folded gracefully to one side, ankles crossed, very close to the edge of the cliff.

He backed away and seated himself about fifteen feet from her, just out of range of her thoughts.

And suddenly he felt like himself again. Her anger lifted from his shoulders. She was just his beautiful friend, in a world of trouble. He placed the box of Mentafixol on the rock beside him-the land side, where it was safer, not the cliff side, where he might accidentally kick it into the abyss. Not yet.

"It could still be a joint hallucination," he called to her.

"They would have come after us," Holly said. "If we really had MAD and we were dangerous when we ran out of Mentafixol, they would have kept a closer eye on us. They would have known you were headed here to get some. They would have called the police to lie in wait for us and make sure we got drugged up. You haven't heard the thoughts of anyone lying in wait for us, have you?"

"No, but you're saying two different things. If the police were here, we would be insane. If I heard their thoughts, I wouldn't be insane."

"You're not," she said. "Because of Kaylee. That's what convinced me. She's been up here to oversee the Mentafixol as part of her security job with the casino. That's why my parents sent me to live with her, too. I thought I'd gained my freedom, but they were still watching me. It all comes back to the casino."

"So, what are we saying?" He opened the box and took out one of four plastic bottles. He peeled the lid off the bottle and tipped the contents into his hand. Golden pills poured out and spilled over each other. He grabbed a handful and threw them full force off the cliff. They caught the setting sunlight as they fell, each one a potential shining moment of his high school and college years and Holly's, thrown away under the heavy influence of a drug and their parents and the machinations of some mysterious power struggle at the casino that they didn't understand. He watched the glinting pills bounce against the rocks and fall until they disappeared into the canyon below.

He turned back to her. "Are we ready to get rid of all of these? Are we sure?"

"I don't want to live this way." The bitterness in her voice surprised him, and now he wondered what she'd been thinking in the two minutes he'd sat beyond range of her. He'd stayed in the kitchen too long during a TV commercial break, and now he'd missed a major plot point in the show. He rose and shifted closer to her again, into her thoughts.

With her mind she lifted the remaining three bottles out of the box. Even after her little displays over the past few hours, Elijah was amazed at the bottles shedding their tops in concert and pouring forth their pills of their own accord. Hundreds of golden pills united in a single stream and raced toward Holly's head, where they formed a moving, shining halo over her hair.

"But you know what?" she said. "Even if this were all an illusion, I don't think I could go back." She would rather die than go back, she thought as she leaned over the edge and looked down into the gorge, the halo of pills still shimmering above her.

Elijah wasn't sure he was reading her right. He moved even closer to her, trying to decipher her racing thoughts into one coherent line. She didn't just mean she couldn't go back to taking Mentafixol. She couldn't go back to Vegas. Her parents had lied to her. Her friendship with Kaylee was a farce. The home she'd known was gone.

She focused on the chasm in front of them. With her mind she measured the distance to the bottom. Calculated her weight-Elijah sensed that she held herself in her own hand, like measuring the heft of a rock before she threw it.

"Don't," he murmured. He'd seen her manipulate small pills and bottles and a box in midair. That didn't mean she was strong enough yet to levitate her own body.

She stood.

"Holly, don't," he said.

She moved to the edge.

"Don't!"

One second she was there, pointing her toes as if readying herself for her dismount from some Olympic gymnastics event, and then she stepped out, and then she was gone.

"Holly!"

His voice echoed around the rocks. He didn't even realize he'd moved, but gradually he understood he must have rushed forward and tried to grab her in that last moment. His belly was hot on a sun-washed boulder. His arms stung from scrapes against the rocks. He still reached out for her, grasping at any chance he could still save her-never mind how he would avoid going over the cliff with her. She was gone. He couldn't even see her in the deep, dry chasm. Oh, God, she couldn't be gone?

"Holly!" he shouted once more. Then he held his breath, wishing his God damned heart would stop beating in his ears so he could listen for her. He didn't hear her scream or cry or thud below. She'd simply vanished.

Lithe wisps of trees hung from the walls of the cliff. He imagined her catching a branch as she went down, saving herself. He could cling to hope. Even if she was still alive, she was too far away for him to read her mind. But he could run to Shane's car and drive around the lip of the canyon until he found a road downward. He could make his way back to the place where she must have landed. He would call the police or whatever they had up here in the wilderness-Mounties-to help him.

As he pulled back to run for the phone in his car, he realized just how precarious his position was. To follow the trajectory of her fall, he'd scrabbled way out on a precipice and down the gentle slope it made before its sheer drop. He was clinging to the cliff face, and one false move would send him plunging after her. She would never get help then, if she was still alive to need it. He clung tighter to the rocks under his hands, sliding carefully backward.

Holly hovered inches above the sandy bottom of the canyon. Each grain of sand was a different color-red, orange, pink, white, yellow, even green and blue and purple-dislodged in the last million years from different strata in the vast mountains. The grains gleamed like jewels in the evening sun. A black ant clambered among them, oblivious to their beauty, headed somewhere important.

And so Holly was glad she'd stopped herself at the last moment from hitting the canyon floor. Her parents had betrayed her, her best friend Kaylee had betrayed her, she'd been lied to and deprived of her real life for the past seven years. But here was this ant, navigating his own mountains on a gorgeous summer day, the longest day of the year. The world went on without Holly, and when she stepped outside her own personal hell and looked around, she knew the world was worth staying for, even if she was alone.

She took a cleansing breath and assumed a tree position she'd learned in the college yoga class she'd signed up for on her own, to calm herself before the stress of the ballet class her mom insisted on. She placed her hands to her heart's center, one leg folded up, the other pointed down. Even as she hovered in midair, she could just brush the surface of the sand with the toe of her shoe. She unfurled her hair in a semicircle around her head.

She rose slowly through the canyon as if riding in a glass elevator, enjoying the view. The mountain changed from white to purple to pink as she lifted herself. The foliage clinging desperately to the rock walls changed species with the elevation. An eagle soared next to her, perhaps alarmed or confused by her presence but more likely going about her own business of being an eagle. That too was worth living for.

And then she saw Elijah peering anxiously over the edge of the canyon where she'd jumped. His fingers were white with pressure on the red rocks.

Her heart went out to him. "Oh, God, Elijah, I'm sorry." She landed next to him on the tilted rock, grabbed his hand, and pulled him back from the edge to safety with her, onto the boulders where they'd sat before. "I didn't even think about how it would look to you. I was thinking about myself."

He sat with his head in his hands, breathing hard. The light brown waves of his hair caught the sunlight and split it into a million colors, like the grains of sand on the canyon floor.

"Hey." She reached over and put her hand on his shoulder.

Finally he jerked his head up. His face was stark white. "I called to you!" A tear escaped the corner of his eye. He brushed it away angrily.

"I'm sorry, really. I didn't hear you."

He put his hands on his knees as if he still needed support. He took a long, shuddering breath. "I can't believe you'd scare me like that after everything we've been through together." A cool breeze, whispering of evening, blew a wavy lock of hair across his forehead.

And in that moment, she realized he valued her as much as she valued him. He'd never come out and said it. His biggest show of friendship had been to kidnap her, which, though she knew he'd meant well, was kind of twisted. He could read her mind. He sensed how far she'd fallen for him. But she'd assumed her crush was one-sided. He must have forgotten that she couldn't sense whether he felt the same way about her.

"Of course I do!" he exclaimed. "Are you blind?"

"Not anymore." She surrounded him with her power and hugged him gently all over. When he sighed appreciatively, she increased the pressure of the massage and draped her arm around his shoulders, too.

He sniffled. "I feel ill."

"You know what? I've had candy, but you haven't had anything to eat for a whole day, have you?"

He shrugged.

"Eat the rest of the seafoam. And then- Can you drive? We'll have dinner at that restaurant next to the hotel." She squeezed him with her arm and her power.

He turned to look at her. Now his pupils dilated. His green eyes went black, and he bit his lip. She hadn't imagined this at Glitterati. She wasn't imagining it now.

But he didn't kiss her this time. He growled, "Don't ever scare me like that again."

"I won't," she whispered.

"And when you're playing around with your power, seeing what you can lift, do not experiment with your body over a deadly chasm."

She laughed. "Okay."

To her relief, he smiled. "But you definitely need a magic act of your own. And somewhere in it, you need to levitate in that pose with your hair in a circle around you. That was totally f**king cool."

A man sat down right behind Elijah at the next table in the crowded restaurant, thinking very loudly about the overheated radiator in his truck. Holly couldn't read Elijah's mind-Elijah had to keep reminding himself of this-but she recognized the expression on his face. She stood and walked around the wagon wheel table to switch places with him and give him some distance from the other restaurant customers, for the third time in the hour they'd been eating.

He stood, too. When they passed each other, he closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of oleander in her hair.

Then he sat down in her chair and surveyed the crumbs on the plates. Some of the dishes originally had been hers, some his. They'd lost track.

"God, I feel better," he said. "I'm glad you suggested this. If you hadn't, I might have passed out eventually. It didn't even register as hunger to me. I guess my head is full of other stuff."

She sat down, too, and pushed away the plate with the crust of his second slice of pie. It moved only a millimeter with all the other plates in the way. "I never thought I'd say this, but I've had enough to eat." She patted her flat bare stomach. "That would be the ultimate revenge on my mom, to show up in Vegas with a muffin top hanging over my bikini bottoms."

He grinned. "You have a long way to go."

She opened her mouth to say something about edamame. He never learned what she was going to tell him, because she looked sharply over her shoulder at a man their age sitting down at the table next to them. Whew-she'd thought for a second that it was Rob.

Her fear and then her relief shot through Elijah in quick succession. He leaned forward, gripping the edge of the wagon wheel. "What do you mean, Rob was stalking you?"

And then, as the scene flashed into her mind, he saw what Rob had done to her that night at Glitterati.

Elijah had wanted to hurt Rob several days before. He just hadn't understood why, or trusted his own instincts. Now he knew he'd been right.

Her dark eyes widened. "Elijah. Don't look like that." She reached across the plates and put her hand on his hand. "Don't do anything. Don't go after him."

"How could I leave that alone?" Elijah demanded.

"He's a cop. You'll just get yourself in trouble. Besides, Kaylee's goons already beat him up."

They sure had. They'd dumped him on Elijah's doorstep. And Elijah had been zonked on Mentafixol and beer. He felt even more powerless with her soft hand on his hand, trying to comfort him for something that had happened to her. He sat back in his chair and slipped his hand out from under hers. "I'm so sorry," he said. "I can't believe I let that happen."

"You didn't let it happen," she insisted. "We weren't together that night. You were just borrowing a Mentafixol pill. And even now, you're not-" Realizing what she'd been about to say, her mouth snapped shut.

"What do you mean, I'm not your boyfriend?" he exclaimed in disbelief.

Her straight ballet posture sagged, though the green sequins on her bikini top still glittered ethereally amid the rustic Western decor of the restaurant. She leaned over the plates and said quietly, "I didn't say that."

"You thought it. You stopped yourself from saying it at the last second. You might as well have said it."

"Because you can read my mind," she said through her teeth. "You can't get mad at me for thinking something if I didn't say it."

He put his elbow on the wagon wheel and his chin in his hand, considering her. The big hair, exotic makeup, and revealing costume made her look older than she was. The pout on her lips and the little worry line between her brows made her look like his twenty-one-year-old girlfriend. Even now, she was confused about what he felt for her, and she searched his eyes for clues.

"That's the whole problem," he said, straightening in his cowhide chair. "Just like back at the cliff. I know how you feel about me. I forget you don't know how I feel about you unless I tell you. And I haven't been doing a good job of telling you."

He stood and rounded the table again. The closer he got to the man sitting behind Holly, the louder he heard the man's thoughts about his overheated truck. Elijah desperately wanted to tell the man to spring for a new one already. What did the man expect after twenty years and three hundred thousand miles?

But when Holly looked up at Elijah expectantly, false lashes fluttering slowly around her deep brown eyes, for the first time he could almost block out the thoughts of a man sitting three feet from him. Elijah knelt in front of Holly. He laced his fingers through her thick hair and kissed her.

The kiss started sweet. That's how he felt about her, and that's what he'd meant to show her. But when she made a small noise, he found himself kissing her harder on the mouth. This was nothing like their kiss at Glitterati. This was not sweet anymore. This was raw and real.

She wound a coil of gentle pressure around his chest, along his arms, and around his fingers in her hair. Her whole body tingled as she used her power. He felt her sensations and her racing pulse, and his too.

Finally she broke the kiss and pulled back, her breaths light and quick. "Somebody's going to tell us we should get a room."

He gave her an evil grin. "We have a room." He reached beside her and slid the bill from the table. "I'll pay this and we'll go up." Actually they would be visiting the gift shop next door first. He hoped that somewhere between the moccasins and bags of colorful tumbled rocks, the shop stocked condoms.

He moved slowly, listening to her mind, waiting for some sign that she'd rather not. But she wanted this. As he waited in line at the cash register and glanced backward, her mind and her dark eyes and her toes pointed together in her glittering shoes all told him that she wanted him, she'd wanted him all along, and none of her thoughts about him had been his imagination.

13

Sparkles circled Holly's head and shoulders, the remnants of the rush she'd felt when she used her power to hold Elijah. She watched him cross the restaurant to pay their bill. He reached in the back pocket of his jeans for his wallet, his strong arm flexing with that small movement. She was astonished at her luck. She had a boyfriend who made the tiniest thing like taking out his wallet look sexy.

He glanced over his shoulder at her and grinned.

He could hear her thoughts.

She giggled to herself, giddy with anticipation and a little embarrassed that he heard. She gazed across the restaurant and out the windows to focus her attention there. Gorillas danced with cowgirls in the street. The parade and subsequent party didn't seem particularly well planned. The road teeming with revelers wasn't blocked off to traffic. A lone black SUV crept down the street toward the hotel with its headlights off. It never braked. It never honked. Without glancing toward it, the partiers magically parted in front of it like water before the prow of a boat.

Elijah walked out the front doors of the lobby. Sliding between two cars parked at the curb, he stepped into the street, where the SUV now idled, waiting for him.

Holly's heart raced with panic. What was he doing?

Just when she'd grown to trust him completely, even he had betrayed her. He'd lured her to Colorado, he'd led her to believe the whole conspiracy theory about Mentafixol, and he'd kissed her to make her think they were together, when he'd been in cahoots with someone else all along.

But as she watched, she realized he wasn't walking steadily toward the SUV. He took a few steps, slowed, stopped. Then took a few more steps, like driftwood on a beach that moved only when nudged along by a wave.

A back door of the SUV opened. A man and a woman her age stepped out-the same two Goths who'd stared up at her from the parking lot of her apartment complex four nights before. The red-haired woman gestured to the interior of the SUV. Elijah got in. The guy closed Elijah inside.

Then, in a replay of that night at her apartment, both Goths walked along the sidewalk in front of the restaurant. They raked their eyes across the windows, exchanged a few words, and stared again, pausing at each table on the other side of the glass. They were looking for her.

When this had happened before, they'd seen her right away. She'd wanted to alert Kaylee, and then, when they locked eyes with her, it hadn't seemed like a good idea. This time they didn't find her. The front of the restaurant was bright, but the table where she sat next to the back wall was in shadow. They couldn't see her.

They had to know where she was in order to control her mind.

Scooting back her chair and jumping up, she used her power to unhook her purse strap from the arm of the opposite chair and bring it sailing across the table to her. Sequins and rhinestones clicked together as she dashed down the line of tables and out the back entrance.

Elijah had parked in the lot behind the restaurant and the hotel, on the opposite side of the building from the Goths. She'd already hit the trunk of Shane's car, unable to stop her momentum in her showgirl shoes, when she realized Elijah had the keys.

"Fuck!" she wailed, slapping the trunk. Her hand left a clean print in the red dust coating the golden metal.

Which gave her an idea. With her mind she felt her way through the pistons inside the lock and turned the whole mechanism to the right. She jumped back, half-surprised, when the trunk popped open.

She closed the trunk. Now she worked on the door lock, popped that open, and slid behind the wheel. The ignition worked the same way. She pressed one shoe on what she assumed was the gas pedal. The engine revved higher than she thought it was supposed to, yet the car didn't budge. Oh, she had to put it in gear first. Reverse gear. She moved the stick shift into the R position and stepped on the gas again. The engine roared and the car stayed put. She had no clue how to drive.

"Stupid parents, stupid Mentafixol!" she cried. In frustration she slammed both fists on the steering wheel and used her mind to shove the car backward.

To her astonishment, this worked. Her stomach lurched as the car skidded back a few feet. The tires squealed, dragging against the asphalt. Her skin tingled.

"All right, then." She picked the whole car up-just an inch off the ground was all she needed-and backed it carefully out of the parking space. When she'd cleared the cars on either side, she moved the car forward, slowly at first, faster as she realized she was able to control such a huge object. Her eyes watered at the force of the headache she was giving herself, but she couldn't let those Goths have Elijah.

She planned to speed the Pontiac around the corner of the building and onto the road through town, hoping to catch up with the SUV and force the Goths to release Elijah somehow. But a flash of light glinting on glass and metal signaled that the SUV was rounding the corner of the building. She should have known the Goths wouldn't escape down the road with Elijah and be done with it. They wanted her too.

She considered ducking, so the Goths couldn't lock on to her and control her mind. But before she could move, the SUV came out of its turn, and the windshield cleared the white glint of streetlights. A young man in a cowboy hat was behind the wheel. A dark-skinned woman stared at Holly from the passenger side. The man hit the gas, and the SUV leaped toward her.

Instinctively she backed the car across the lot along the length of the hotel, away from the SUV. And she realized that if she was able to do this, either the Goths wanted her to do it, or they weren't able to control her mind after all. Maybe, like her, they could use their power only within a certain range? That would explain why the man gunned the engine again, gaining on her, trying to catch up with her.

She stopped their SUV and firmly held it in place.

After backing up Shane's car a few more yards, she set it down. Her head throbbed. She found it difficult to concentrate on too many things at once.

The man and woman in the front seat of the SUV talked to each other, then turned around to talk to the people in the back. She had to save Elijah before they figured out how to beat her at this game. Still holding the SUV in place, she opened the back door on the side where Elijah had entered and lifted him out.

She'd experienced some strange things in the past twenty-four hours. But nothing had brought home to her how different her life would be from now on like the sight of Elijah floating through the air toward her, toes an inch from the ground, backlit by the streetlights over the hotel parking lot, while he gestured and mouthed something to her that she couldn't understand.

She stopped him beside the passenger door of Shane's car, expecting him to open the door himself. He didn't. He was shouting through the window at her. Afraid to lean across the seat and open the door physically in case the Goths made a move while she wasn't looking, she lifted the handle and pushed the door open with her mind. Sparkles swirled around and through her, but multitasking was giving her a migraine.

"-changed my mind!" Elijah was shouting. As she set him down on the seat and closed the door behind him, his voice boomed inside the enclosed space of the car. "Holly, I changed my mind about staying with you. I need to go with them."

"Shut up!" Holly shouted through her headache. For fear he'd open the door and run back to the SUV again before she could stop him, she pressed against his chest, keeping him in the seat. Still she held the SUV, but now she wasn't sure what to do. She couldn't drive away for fear the Goths would follow her and overtake her and come within range to control her mind like they had poisoned Elijah's. Her hands were full, or at least her brain was. While she remained unsure, the Goths conferred with each other, plotting their next move.

"Holly, let me go. I have to go."

"Shhh, baby, hold on." She reached across the seat to rub his thigh. With her mind she rocked the SUV onto two wheels and considered flipping it on its side. It was boxy, and the effort hurt her head. She set it down and started over. Rocking it backward seemed easier. It tipped onto its curving hatchback and rolled until it teetered on its rounded roof. Because she was angry at the Goths for brainwashing Elijah, she gave the SUV a push on one bumper, sending it spinning.

Then she turned Shane's car in a one-eighty and raced toward the opposite side of the parking lot. Luckily there was an opening in the fence, leading to an alley between the backs of buildings on one side and the towering mountain on the other.

Elijah said, "I don't want to go with you. I've changed my mi-"

"They're controlling your mind, Elijah," Holly burst out. "Get over it. I can't do this by myself."

He leaned away from her and peered into the side mirror. "She's turning the SUV back upright."

"Who?" Holly cried.

"The girl in the front seat. Violet. She's a levitator like you."

"Are they coming after us?" Holly sped the car faster, crossing her fingers that no gorillas chose that unfortunate moment to stumble into the alley.

"I can't read them now," Elijah said. "They're out of range. But I don't think so. Before we left, they were surprised at how strong you were. They had thought it would be easy to capture both of us. Now they just want to get home and report in and figure out what to do next."

"Report in to who?" Holly exclaimed. "Where's home?" She took one last glance in the rearview mirror, but the SUV wasn't creeping down the alley behind them. She turned between two buildings to reach the main road.

He shook his head. "It was really strange. I could see some things about them, but I couldn't read them as well as I read you. I can't get in someone's brain and root around wherever I want. I can read only what they're thinking about at that second. With these people, I couldn't even do that all the time. I only got bits and pieces if they were distracted. When you opened the door of the SUV, you surprised them, and I caught this rush of thoughts from all of them."

Holly stopped the car with its bumper nosing into the main street. She and Elijah looked up the road toward the hotel, but they didn't see the SUV. Happy gorillas and miners danced with each other under the stars. Holly and Elijah looked down the road. Empty. She moved the car into the street and turned in the empty direction, toward Vegas. Now that her adrenaline was draining away, the car felt heavier than before, and her head hurt worse.

"The girl with red hair-April-changed my mind," Elijah said. "As soon as I saw the SUV through the doors of the restaurant, I knew they wanted to take me. I tried to run, and April talked-well, thought-me out of it."

"She did the same thing to me," Holly said. "She and the guy in the backseat were outside my apartment that night I let you have one of my pills. I wanted to wake Kaylee and warn her, but then it didn't seem like a good idea."

"Holly!" Elijah exclaimed. "Maybe you could have told me that four days ago."

"It didn't seem like a good idea!" At the risk of running the car over the cliff-and she wasn't sure she could hold them up if that happened-she turned to him and laid her outrage flat for him to read. Yes, it sounded ridiculous that she'd let this girl control her mind, but how could he berate her when he'd just been complicit in his own abduction?

He watched her darkly for a moment. Then he rolled his shoulders, popped his neck, and settled against his headrest. "The guy in the backseat, Carter, is a mind reader. The guy driving, Nate, is like April-he can change minds-but his power is weaker than hers. When April changed your mind, did you think you could almost shake it, almost?"

"No. I didn't even understand my mind was being controlled, until now."

Elijah talked over the end of Holly's sentence as if she hadn't spoken. "I kept thinking I might shake it. I knew what April was doing. When she got distracted, I thought I could get out from under her. But Nate was right there to back her up." He looked over at Holly and seemed to snap out of his musings. "Anyway, the levitator, Violet, was doing most of the work."

"Why did she let me turn their car over?"

"You were holding the SUV away from you." Elijah held his hand out to demonstrate, and she was amazed all over again that he knew this. "That was really smart of you. You have a longer range than she does. Violet does not like you."

"And I have the warmest regards for Violet." Holly had never so much as pulled a girl's hair in the middle school bathroom for stealing her boyfriend, and now she faced a grudge match against a chick with magical power.

Elijah chuckled. "She was trying to keep me in the SUV, too, but you won that fight."

"Good to know," Holly said. "Maybe we're not as bad off as I thought back there. Maybe I'm stronger than anybody else with this power."

"They want to find out," Elijah said.

The tunnel loomed just ahead. Holly dreaded moving the car through it. She sank under the pressure, berating herself that she'd felt so cocky about her power five seconds before.

"Can you please calm down?" Elijah growled.

"Calm down!" she shouted. "Weirdos find us in the middle of nowhere and try to kidnap you, and you want me to calm down?"

He took a breath before he said, "Exactly. I'm going through my feelings plus your feelings, and it's a little overwhelming."

"Don't be such a baby," Holly snapped. "I just overturned a car with my head."

"Fine." He curled in the corner, as far as possible from Holly. He really did look green. He hugged himself. "Can you please calm down?" he repeated weakly.

Holly felt terrible. She'd never intended to make him sick. She tried to clear her mind-

-and then the world went black. The car had entered the tunnel. She had no idea how to turn on the headlights. The mountain overhead threatened to crush her.

"No, it won't," Elijah said quietly. "You can see the starlight at the end of the tunnel. Just look straight ahead."

Holly tried to follow his advice, but the car was too heavy, her head hurt too much, the mountain was too big, the tunnel was too dark.

"Holly," Elijah said.

She fumbled on the dashboard in front of her and turned on the windshield wipers.

"Holly," Elijah said.

If only she could find the button for the headlights ... but she couldn't turn it on with her mind if she didn't even know where it was. By the time the car emerged from the tunnel, she'd fallen so far into panic that getting out from under the mountain didn't get her out from under the horrible crushing sensation, and Elijah was yelling, "HOLLY, YOU HAVE GOT TO PULL THE FUCK OVER."

With a gasp she cast around for the nearest spot on the shoulder wide enough to hold the car without it tipping over the edge. She sped the car forward to the parking lot of the scenic overlook and abruptly dropped it. It bounced once on its tires, jolting them both on the seats.

Elijah escaped out the passenger door and ran up the dusty path, all the way to the overlook, as far away from her as he could get without falling into the canyon. He sat on the boulder where they'd talked before, leaning forward, elbows on his knees, hands hanging slack-but he never looked down. He didn't seem to be watching Holly, either. He focused over her shoulder, on the tunnel, waiting for the SUV.

Holly knew how he felt. Even relief was no longer a relief. With her mind she reached into the ignition and turned off the idling engine. She cranked down the window and called, "Are you okay?"

He nodded. His voice sounded small in the vast night as he asked, "Are you?"

"Now I am." Or was she? She should stay diligent like Elijah and turn around to face the tunnel, but she felt like she'd been steamrollered. She could hardly keep her eyes open.

"Stretch out in the backseat, and I'll drive home," Elijah called. "I can deal better when you're asleep anyway. And try to have sweet dreams this time. No more zombies doing ballet."

Holly laughed. Zombies doing ballet-she didn't remember dreaming something so ridiculous, but it did sound vaguely familiar. Then she heard the first part of what he'd said. "Home?"

"I want to stay ahead of them," he said. "I don't think they'll attack us again until they've regrouped, but I want to know they're behind us, not ahead. Something tells me we should get back to Vegas before they do."

Obediently she crawled into the backseat and stretched out. Lying down felt delicious. But she wished she were lying in the hotel bed instead, and she were not beat, and they were not pursued by mind-controlling Goths who shopped at the thrift store. She wanted the time alone with Elijah that they'd promised each other in the restaurant.

He opened the door and knelt beside her. "We'll get it." He kissed her forehead.

She raised her chin, wanting more. But he was looking out the back window, watching the tunnel. Then she heard him cranking down the driver's-side window.

"It will be windy tonight with the windows down," she protested sleepily. "Cold."

"I need the white noise," he said. "To drown out your thoughts."

She snuggled against the seat back for warmth. Then he was leaning close over her, tucking warm fabric around her. His T-shirt. She inhaled the smell of him. She recognized his spicy scent from when she'd whispered with him in ninth-grade English class. His mind-reading ability had been unleashed in the past week, which made him seem sometimes like a different person. But he smelled the same as always.

Elijah took a few last slow, relaxing breaths of Las Vegas interstate air, steeling himself for what was coming. He heard Holly finally stirring in the backseat, and he felt her waking up.

Having her asleep had done wonders for his mind-set. He'd gone almost back to normal. He'd been able to have complete thoughts about their situation.

He wasn't sure anymore what exactly had transpired between him and Holly's dad in Mr. Diamond's office that night so long ago. He doubted he'd really given Mr. Starr that black eye-especially if Mr. Starr was a levitator like Holly. He knew he hadn't imagined Mr. Starr's virtual hand around his throat. That had been too real.

Now there would be another confrontation. Holly had passed from Mr. Starr's hands to Elijah's. He had a responsibility to take care of her and keep her safe. He'd failed miserably at that in Icarus-she had come to his rescue. He wouldn't fail her again.

Resolving this, he almost enjoyed the rest of the long drive. When the sun came up, the wind was warm on his bare chest. He fished in the glove compartment, under the gun, and brought out Shane's Wayfarers. Glancing in the rearview mirror, he decided he looked like an early astronaut, about to embark on the adventure of a lifetime, cruising Cocoa Beach with a bikini-clad beauty dozing in the backseat. Several of the truck drivers he'd been traveling with since St. George seemed to think so too. When they passed Elijah or he passed them, they glanced down knowingly at Holly's long bare legs and gave him a thumbs-up.

Just as the Pontiac drew even with the billboard championing Holly's likeness on Interstate 15, she woke. She sat up slowly. In the rearview mirror, Elijah watched his T-shirt slide off her slender torso and into the floorboard. She stretched her arms over her head and yawned, spangled bikini top rising to meet a new day.

"Good morning, sunshine," Elijah called over the wind and the radio.

"Mmph." Long brown curls whipping around her head, she tumbled between the seats into the front.

"Hey," Elijah protested. "We're doing seventy. This is dangerous."

"Don't be silly. I have telekinetic power." Her voice was muffled by the seat as she pitched over into the floorboard, sequined butt high in the air, legs flailing. The truck driver nearest them honked and waved frantically. Elijah acknowledged him by lifting one finger from the steering wheel.

Holly righted herself, wiped her hair out of her eyes, and glanced over at Elijah. He felt her examining his bare chest and approving. He grinned at her, wagged his eyebrows behind the Wayfarers, and took her hand.

And just for a moment, they were a brand-new couple returning from a wild road trip together, basking in the morning sun, and looking forward to the possibilities offered by the rest of their day in Vegas.

Then her hand slipped out of his. She brought her purse up off the floorboard, fished in it for cosmetics, and adjusted the rearview mirror so she could see herself as she applied them. Elijah understood that the heavy makeup went with the outfit, but he missed that bare-faced girl from the hotel room. Even now she wasn't bare-faced, but with some of her makeup rubbed off through a night asleep in the backseat, she did resemble a high school girl about three hours into crashing a kegger.

"I guess our next step is to talk to our parents," she said while holding her lips still to apply lipstick, so it came out more like, "I hess our neck hep i oo alk oo our arents." He wouldn't have understood her if this were all he had to go on, but he could read her mind too.

She glanced at her watch. "That will be interesting, because as we speak, my dad is performing an impossible feat of physical stamina."

Elijah eyed her warily. "You're not barging in on your parents' act, are you? Something tells me we shouldn't advertise our powers to the general public."

"We have to barge into things, for our own safety." She swept powder across her nose. "We know there are people around who can control our minds. The only way we can get around them is to surprise them. Otherwise our parents may very well chain us up in the basement."

Elijah didn't think his mom would chain him up in the basement. But he felt all Holly's anger at her parents, and it put him on edge. His last ten hours of deep thought and recentering were gone with a snap of her fingers.

"Let's examine this logically," he said. "The only people we know can change minds are April and Nate, the weaker one. They changed my mind at the hotel."

"And April changed my mind at my apartment." Holly penciled glittering green in wide swaths across her eyelids, extending way out to the side, which made her impossibly long false eyelashes look even more exotic. "But in Glitterati, when you felt like somebody could control minds and I thought you were just crazy off your Mentafixol, that was for real."

Elijah nodded. "It was."

"April and Nate weren't at Glitterati. None of those people from the SUV were there. I stayed at Glitterati for a long time after you left. It was crowded, but I know I got a glimpse of everybody." She tossed the green pencil back into her purse and turned to him. "What exactly did you feel there?"

"The first time," he said, "I was sitting next to Shane. We were talking about Kaylee. I thought he was going to walk over to your table to talk to Kaylee. He stood up, and then somebody said, 'Change your mind,' and he sat back down."

She squinted at him. "Did it sound like Kaylee?"

"I don't hear thoughts in the person's voice. I figure out whose thoughts they are because they're usually the person closest to me at the time. But in Glitterati, I assumed I was nuts, and I wanted that Mentafixol from you. I was distracted. The second time was harder to ignore. When Rob was about to hit me with a chair, there was this scream of 'Change your mind!' "

Holly put her elbow on her knee and her chin in her hand. The pose was so casual and girl-next-door, he did a double take out the corner of his eye. The pose did not jive with the exotic eye makeup.

"But it wasn't directed at me," he went on. "It whizzed past my head like a bullet aimed at someone else."

"Me?" Holly asked, pushing her wild hair off her face.

"See, I never thought it was directed at you," Elijah said. "You weren't even over there."

Her carefully sculpted brows drew down, and the little line appeared between them. Elijah felt her dark wash of emotion. "Rob," she said.

"It could have been aimed at Rob," Elijah agreed. "He sure stopped in midswing with that chair."

"Or it could have been coming from Rob, directed at someone else," Holly said.

This didn't seem right to Elijah. He'd sensed everything Rob felt during that fight. All of it was consistent with being a prick. "I don't think so."

"I'll bet it was Kaylee," Holly grumbled. "We know she's involved anyway."

"How long have you roomed with her?"

"A year, since Mr. Diamond hired her."

"In that year, have you ever suddenly changed your mind for no good reason?"

"Never before those Goths did it to me," Holly said. "Though I'll admit, I can't imagine what Kaylee would need to change my mind about. I've been convinced I have a mental illness. Out of fear, I've been a good little girl. And Kaylee and I have always gotten along great. The biggest argument we've had was over whether to paint the living room this dark, dramatic purple-"

"I can't imagine whose idea that was," Elijah broke in.

"-shut up, and I backed down in my usual dishrag fashion."

"Maybe it was Shane," Elijah mused. "Speaking of dishrags, I can't believe I've been cooking for him and Rob. Assholes."

"But what's Shane done wrong?" she asked.

"I told him that I had MAD and that I needed a pill from you, and he went to Glitterati with me. Then I told him I needed to kidnap you and take you to Icarus to find a stash of Mentafixol, and he loaned me this car and that gun." He nodded toward the glove compartment. "What kind of person would give a gun to his mentally ill friend who planned to kidnap a Las Vegas showgirl? Shane is involved in this. We should pay him a visit first." In fact, the exit onto Flamingo, which would lead them past the Strip to UNLV, was coming in a couple of miles. Shane taught guitar lessons at UNLV on summer mornings. Elijah signaled to the trucks surrounding him and eased into the right lane.

"However involved he is," Holly said, "he's not in nearly as deep doo-doo as my parents. We need to find out what they know before we interrogate Kaylee. Shane is way down on the list."

"On your list," Elijah said.

Holly took a breath. He felt it in his chest. Her mind swirled with confusion about who was really responsible for hiding their power, her thoughts struggling as always under the heavy sodden blanket of her betrayal by her parents and Kaylee. "We could split up, then."

"Split up!" Elijah could not believe this. He finally had Holly Starr and she wanted to break up with him already? "No way!"

"I don't mean you and me split up," she said, exasperated. "Why aren't you reading my mind now? I mean you find Shane and I'll have a talk with my parents, and we'll meet up later."

"Absolutely not." Elijah felt only a little relieved that she wasn't breaking up with him. He still had to keep her safe. He couldn't do that if they went their separate ways. "We can talk to your parents, but not while your dad is in the middle of his impossible feat of whatever whatever. Right now, you're going with me to see Shane." He drove down the exit ramp and turned onto Flamingo. He piloted the car through the canyon created by the towering casinos crowding either side of the road, determined to make it to UNLV. He still didn't feel comfortable driving, and with Holly bopping around inside his brain, he was liable to cause a wreck.

If he made it that far. The car was veering into the right lane, as if to turn onto the Strip, despite his effort to keep it straight. He steered it to the left with no effect. There was no noise of the tires against the pavement anymore, only the roar of the engine and the grinding beat of the radio. Holly was levitating the car and directing it where she wanted it to go.

"God damn it, Holly!"

She sat on her side of the car with her legs crossed primly, gazing at him in mock astonishment that he would use such language with her when she hadn't done anything wrong.

Brakes screeched behind them, and a man's voice cursed them with choicer words than Elijah's. Holly's head jerked around to look before she remembered she was levitating the car. That was the whole problem: she was pretending to drive without knowing how to drive, and when she had entered the right lane to turn onto the Strip, she hadn't signaled.

"Put the car down, Holly," Elijah yelled. "You think this is funny? You're going to get us killed!"

She gently put the car down. Elijah felt the tires settle on the asphalt, and the engine's roar grew louder as it echoed nearer the pavement.

But then she yelled right back at him, "Do not tell me you're mad because you're afraid for our safety. Bullshit. You're mad because you're losing control of me."

"Lost, I would say," Elijah bit out.

"Poor baby," she cooed. Her soft voice had a hard edge of sarcasm. "I'm not nearly as much fun now that I can think for myself, right?"

He looked over at her in shock. He couldn't have put it better himself. On top of the scary levitating, she could read his mind, too? Heart sinking into his stomach, he asked her, "Can you-"

"Of course not," she said, waving his question away. "I just know what you're thinking. You're exactly like Rob."

"I am not exactly like Rob," he said. "I've listened to what Rob is thinking, and I'm not thinking what he's thinking, believe me." She would have been horrified if she'd seen what Elijah had seen in Rob's mind. "And I was not thinking you're not as much fun now. I wouldn't put it that way." Actually, he had been thinking something like this, but he definitely would not have put it that way.

"You wouldn't put it that way!" she exclaimed. "You mean you wouldn't admit to thinking it at all. It's tough not to have secrets in your own mind, isn't it? Now you know how I feel."

"Listen." They were nearing the casino. He needed to keep going past it, off the Strip, and head toward UNLV to confront Shane. She would protest. He had to disarm this battle between them, because they had much more dangerous enemies than each other. He fought his way back to the protective attitude he'd had toward her before she woke up in the backseat. But even his olive branch came out sounding cantankerous. "This all started when you picked up the car in broad daylight, with potentially thousands of spectators."

"I levitate cars very low to the ground so nobody will notice," she said with a toss of her long hair, "and that is not what started this argument. You started it by acting like I wanted to break up with you, when all I wanted us to do was split up and go in opposite directions for a little bit, and you knew that because you can read my mind but you choose to pretend you can't when it suits you, you manipulative Rob-like ass." Mentally she removed her focus from him for the first time since she'd woken. Her gaze shifted outside the car, to the towering casinos and the crowded sidewalk. She considered stepping out of the car the next time he slowed at an intersection. He was scaring her.

He reached back and pressed the button sticking up to lock his door. He thought this would lock her door also and startle her. But only his own door locked. Right-this car was too old for power locks. He had so little experience with cars.

But Holly heard the thunk of his door locking, and she guessed what he'd tried to do. "Now that's not funny."

A red light caught him just then. He was afraid she really would step out of the car and escape into the concrete wilderness. So he grabbed her knee hard and pinned her to the seat with his eyes. "Let me put it to you this way. You know something about me that I don't want other people to know, something that could be very dangerous for me. You cannot go flouncing off just because you can't handle a little mind game."

She met his gaze. "Let me put it to you this way." And she thought about grabbing his throat with her power.

The light must have turned green, because horns sounded behind them and cars flowed around them. He froze, holding her gaze, afraid to move. She wasn't touching him, even with her power, but knowing it had crossed her mind was enough to paralyze him.

She watched him, too. Her dark eyes were so big and beautiful, framed with impossible lashes and glittering green makeup. It was hard to believe she was thinking about hurting him. She didn't want to do it but she would. Cross her again and she would. She swore she would.

She opened her door. Out of the corner of his eye, Elijah saw a car coming up behind them in that lane, about to take off the door and Holly with it. He reached out to grab her-

-but she saw it too, and stopped the other car dead. The driver cursed and turned the engine off and on. Leisurely Holly stood up in the street and reached back into Shane's car for her purse. She slammed the door behind her.

"Where are you going?" Elijah called through the open window. It came out hoarse.

"Since you can read my mind, I'm assuming that's a rhetorical question." She crossed in front of the car she'd halted and strode up the sidewalk, ignoring the horns honking and the catcalls.

The car she'd stopped zoomed ahead now, and the car behind him honked insistently. Elijah pulled forward into traffic. Holly had disappeared around a corner, back into the complex of vast casino buildings and flashing signs. He sat alone in the Pontiac, breathing exhaust. The driver of the car on his left was mentally tallying up all the money he'd lost at poker and racking his brain for an excuse to give his wife.

If it weren't for the other driver's thoughts in his head, reminding Elijah that he could read minds, he would have doubted the last thirty-six hours had happened at all.

14

Holly stomped up the sidewalk toward the casino a few blocks away. At first she was furious only with Elijah. But the farther she stomped, the angrier she got with herself for even thinking about using her power against him. In that moment in the car, she'd known he would control her completely if he could. Exactly like Rob. She'd been desperate to escape him, and she'd done what she had to do.

But as she increased the distance between them, her regrets grew. They both had magical powers, for God's sake, and they didn't know how to use them. They were under a lot of stress, and her feelings for him were so deep and intense and confused. But she did know one thing for certain. She was in this mess with him now because her parents had screwed up her life seven years ago.

As she walked, she passed a convenience store with summer for sale on the sidewalk out front: lawn chairs, wind chimes, big inflatable palm trees. Inside she bought one of each, giggling to herself about the evil plan she was hatching, and thankful she hadn't come up with this idea while Elijah was close enough to read her mind. He would have tried to stop her. This spectacle would definitely blow her cover as the daughter of a fake levitator with no real power of her own.

With her purse over her shoulder, the chair under one arm, and the boxes with the wind chimes and palm tree under the other, she walked in her high heels to the service road that led between her casino and the one next door. At a drink stand on the corner, she set the boxes down, propped the chair against her leg, and bought a frozen lemonade in a tall plastic cup with a straw shaped like a roller coaster. Now she really didn't have enough hands to carry all this, so she held the lemonade in one hand and the box of wind chimes under the other arm, and let the chair and the box with the palm tree float in the air behind her like balloons on strings. She didn't care one bit about the attention she drew. She was, after all, headed to a magic show.

She passed only a few people on the sidewalk beside the casino's front wing. But the second she rounded the corner and stepped onto the paved back lot, she felt the buzz of energy from the crowd gazing up at her dad. He stood on top of a pole a hundred feet in the air that he'd welded together and Holly had decorated with glittery paper. They'd done this themselves because her dad rarely wanted to call in the props team from the casino (which would have involved Elijah, she realized) for fear of giving away his secrets. Holly felt all the irony of this now that she knew her dad's ultimate secret: his tricks weren't tricks at all.

Time to open the curtains.

At the back, the crowd was sparse, but spectators crowded closer together the nearer she got to the makeshift plastic fence around the base of the pole. The crowd's whispers preceded her by a few rows as they noticed the box and chair floating behind her, and they recognized her as the magician's missing assistant. She must be part of the act! They parted for her in an inverted V. She was able to walk unobstructed all the way up to the fence. There she hooked the cup of lemonade in the air, too. With her hands she took the wind chime out of the box and handed it without ceremony to the nearest audience member to hold up for her. She could have held it up herself with her mind, but that might get complicated in a few minutes, when she got busy. She sat down in the lawn chair, crossing her legs.

With her mind she pulled the plastic palm tree out of its box. She certainly wasn't going to sit there and blow it up with her mouth. That would smear her lipstick, and it would attract the attention of her mom, who was still busy making presentation motions near the base of the pole and hadn't yet noticed her. She tested blowing air into the palm tree with her mind and found that it worked well: the leaf nearest the valve swelled a little. She inflated the tree the rest of the way in a few seconds-now the whole crowd murmured and pointed at her-and she set the tree down next to her chair. She reached for her cup floating in the air in front of her and sipped from the straw. She craved the sugar, but yuck!-artificial lemon flavor. It wouldn't do to make a face, though. She was in show business. She returned the cup to the air and set her sights on her dad, seeming so precariously balanced, but in reality completely stable on top of the pole.

She poked him in the chest.

Her dad lifted one foot and spun his arms in the air. He looked like he was fighting to keep his balance. As if. The crowd gasped and a few women screamed. Holly waited. Her dad set his foot back down and returned to his former meditative state. The crowd hushed itself.

She shoved him.

He reeled backward and, for effect, threw himself off the back of the tiny platform. Women shrieked. Men groaned. He flailed his arms in the air and miraculously managed to catch the edge of the platform with one hand. Surprise! Holly was tempted to tell the horrified crowd the end of this story to put them out of their misery.

She peeled his pinkie off the platform, then his ring finger. He was holding on with his middle finger and his pointer. She wrapped these two fingers in a sparkling sensation to let him know he'd better get his juices flowing and do something about this situation. She braced for his retaliation, his kick to her gut that would send her flying against the outside wall of the casino, lawn chair and lemonade and all.

She was counterattacked the next second, but not by her dad. Her mom finally saw her and stomped around the far side of the pole, all the way up to the fence. "Holly Ann Stuckenschneider, you stop that this instant!" she cried.

"What for?" Holly casually lowered the lemonade to sip level. "He's a magician. Let's see him get himself out of this one." She used her power to place the straw between her lips.

Her mom leaped over the fence in her high heels and grabbed Holly's shoulders. She hissed in Holly's ear, "Female levitators' powers are much stronger than men's. All levitators lose power as they get older. You'll kill him!"

Her dad let go.

Elijah drove Shane's Pontiac toward UNLV, his confusion increasing the farther he got from Holly. Furious as he was with her, he was left wanting desperately to get near her again, and-oh-also fearing death when she squashed his throat like a bug.

And on top of all this, he had to drive? He'd spent a good portion of his time in the last four years on this campus, yet he'd never driven, never parked. Even on a summer morning, he knew Shane's grad student parking sticker wouldn't get him anywhere near the fine arts building. Fuck this. He pulled into the space reserved for the dean of fine arts. If the car got towed, Shane deserved it.

After staring at the glove compartment for a moment, Elijah grabbed the Glock. He didn't load it. But if Shane didn't have a mind-reading ability, he wouldn't know whether the gun was loaded. One way or the other, Elijah would have his answer.

The fine arts building was quiet and hollow with most students gone for the summer. An office provided the gentle voices of secretaries, but Elijah preferred not to announce his presence. Outside the office door, a bulletin board listed practice room reservations. He found "Tuesday, 11 a.m., Sligh, S" and hurried in search of the room, watching the numbers on the plaques beside the doors.

In a desolate corner of the building he found it. A tangle of electric guitar music wafted into the hall through the half-closed door. Elijah had thought Holly's plan to interrupt her dad's act was asking for trouble, but she was right about the element of surprise. Elijah pointed his gun in front of him. Took one last deep breath. Kicked the door open.

Shane sat in the tiny windowless room with four tween girls, two on each side of him. All of them held electric guitars in their laps with small amps at their feet. Shane stared up at Elijah with wide eyes, and two of the girls let out squeals.

Elijah blocked out their fright. He concentrated on Shane, examined Shane's mind for any inkling that he knew about Elijah's power. But Shane's thoughts focused on the four girls. He needed to calm them and simultaneously get Elijah away from them.

Without taking his eyes off Elijah, Shane said, "Ladies, this is my friend Mr. Brown, who is an expert in drama."

"Oh!" The girls cooed and sighed their relief and mentally compared who was more dreamy: Mr. Brown the drama instructor or Mr. Sligh the music instructor.

"I need to talk to Mr. Brown alone for just a moment," Shane said, standing up and placing his guitar on its stand, watching Elijah all the while. "Practice that last riff, and I'll be right back." He walked past Elijah and out the door.

Elijah followed Shane down the hall, farther into the labyrinthine building. Elijah took a quick glance behind them to make sure the corridor was empty. As Shane drew even with the entrance to another hall, Elijah grabbed him and forced him around the corner. Backing him against the cement-block wall, he pressed his forearm over Shane's throat and the gun to Shane's forehead.

Shane inhaled sharply through his nose. "You're welcome for the gun."

"Good point," Elijah growled. "Why did you let a mentally ill person borrow your gun and your car to kidnap a girl and drive to Colorado?"

"Because you asked me," Shane said carefully. Elijah searched Shane's mind, but he couldn't find any incriminating evidence. Shane was thinking that he did not want to get shot, but better him than the four tween girls back in the practice room.

"Doesn't Holly have the same disease as you?" Shane asked. "Isn't she on the same drug? I figured if it made sense to you, it probably made sense to her."

"You know I'm on medication because I'm crazy," Elijah insisted. "You know my medication has run out. Yet you allow me to borrow your car and your gun just because I ask politely? What kind of idiot does that? One who's in cahoots with the casino."

"Ca- What?" Shane felt around for something to say and hit on this: "One who has faith in his best friend. One who's always known something was wrong with his friend, and someday his friend would find a way to make it right. Get the f**k off me! I am just a f**king nice person, okay?"

"I'm not buying it." Elijah pressed his arm harder across Shane's throat. "Didn't you find my requests a little strange?"

Shane squirmed under the pressure and cleared his throat. "My dad is a Frank Sinatra impersonator. You don't scratch the surface of strange."

Elijah looked deep into Shane's eyes, trying in vain to read beyond Shane's superficial thoughts. "Who are you?" Elijah asked.

Shane met Elijah's steady gaze. "The best friend you will ever have. But when you ask me to help you blow up the Stratosphere you are shit out of luck, if this is the thanks I get." He coughed. "One of my students is going to wander back here and freak out and tell her mom, and I'll never teach another lesson. Let's talk about this later."

Elijah was beginning to doubt himself. He'd been so sure Shane was in on the conspiracy. Shane had been too helpful about Elijah's entire quest. There had to be something else there, and Elijah was determined to find it. He asked some leading questions, hoping the information he wanted would pop into Shane's head, where Elijah could snap it up. "Have you been trying to control me?"

"Yes," Shane said. "That's why I loaned you my gun." His mind was still filled with hiding Elijah's meltdown from the girls.

"What about them?" Elijah asked, nodding in the direction of the classroom. "Do those girls have magical power?"

"Don't be ridiculous," Shane said. "They're way too young."

"What did you say?" Elijah exclaimed, pressing his arm across Shane's throat until his arm trembled and Shane turned white.

"It's a joke," Shane croaked. He put one hand on Elijah's forearm and pulled.

Elijah resisted. "Why exactly are you so paranoid? Why do you carry a gun, anyway?"

"Because I'm from Mississippi!"

Elijah sighed. He'd been dead wrong. He let Shane take the gun from him, and he backed up a step. "I'm sorry, man. I-"

"Later," Shane repeated, straightening against the wall. He glowered at the gun.

"Okay," Elijah said uncertainly. Shane had been loyal to him throughout this ordeal. Elijah didn't want to leave things this way between them, but he had another tree to bark up. "I'll see you at home." He started down the corridor.

"Oh, and Elijah?" Shane called.

Before Elijah could turn, he felt a splitting pain in the back of his head, worse than anything he'd felt trying to read ten minds at once. His face hit the cold tile floor. He rolled onto his back. Shane stood over him, still gripping the gun by the barrel and wielding the butt as a weapon.

"Don't ever interrupt my class again." Shane threw the gun down on Elijah's chest. His face was impassive and his mind yielded nothing but anger as he stepped over Elijah and walked away, a tall figure silhouetted against the sunlight glowing through the windows at the end of the hall.

15

Holly saw one flash of her dad's body dropping on the far side of the pole. She leaped forward and had a vague impression of knocking both her mom and the temporary fence out of the way with her power in her effort to catch her dad, like a baseball player pursuing a hit into left field.

His hand had hit the asphalt already. She heard the smack. But she caught the rest of him. He hovered facedown an inch from the ground, cradling his hand. A wave of guilt washed over her that she might have broken her dad's hand. Gently she released him from her power.

But he didn't move. He continued to hover. He must have saved himself at the same instant Holly caught him. He sank the last inch.

The audience wasn't fooled. They'd seen magicians' acts before. They knew that the ploy of the trick going wrong and the magician barely escaping death was just another ruse Peter Starr pulled from his pocket occasionally for variety. But this performance was convincing, and they appreciated it. The applause was thunderous.

"Show's over, folks!" the black-suited goons shouted. Holly looked around and saw that her mom was talking to one of them. Several of them parted the crowd on either side of the pole and directed the spectators through the large doors back into the casino-down the corridors and past the slot machines where they might gamble again, rather than into the street from which Holly had entered. Voices escalated to a fever pitch as the crowd discussed at what point they'd realized it was all a trick and where the wires had been hidden this time.

Now Holly herself was surrounded by more of the black-suited goons. Several of them put out their hands to grab her. She created a force field around herself. They couldn't reach through it. She clopped forward to the tall metal pole, walking as one unit with the goons. Her dad sat with his back against it, cradling his hand in his lap, his face red. Her mom knelt in front of him.

"Dad," Holly said breathlessly. "I'm so sorry."

Her dad wrinkled his brow and squeezed his eyes shut, as if he was in so much pain that he couldn't speak.

Her mom spoke for him. "It's a little late now! You haven't learned a thing out gallivanting with Elijah Brown. Until you do, shut that power down!"

"I wouldn't have gallivanted with Elijah Brown," Holly said indignantly, "if you'd told me what was going on. Or if you'd told me anything in the past seven years!"

Holly's mom straightened and whirled to face her. "We didn't tell you because you would have acted exactly like this!"

Holly felt her heart in her throat. She'd been so angry at her parents, but what if she really was the one to blame? Would she have hurt her dad if they'd allowed her to have power when she was fourteen? Would she have hurt him on purpose?

Her mom didn't care enough anymore to wait while Holly worked out this conundrum in her head. Disheveled now with her tiara hanging off one side of her bouffant hairdo, she bent in front of Holly's dad again. "Here comes the limo, sweetie," she said softly. Her sequined booty rose as she helped him stand.

Holly reached out with her power and gave her dad an additional very gentle boost underneath. He stood instantly and glared at her. He and her mom made their feeble way past the pole, away from the casino.

"Where are you going?" Holly cried, half apologetic, half exasperated.

"To the hospital, unless you know someone with magical powers of healing," her mom spat as if this were a ridiculous idea. Magical powers, ha! The casino's black limo sped across the asphalt and screeched to a halt in front of them. Holly's parents slipped into the backseat. Almost as an afterthought, Holly's mom leaned out the door and called, "Come with us."

Holly wanted to. Even if her dad did glare at her, she wanted to sit beside him while the doctor examined his hand. But she still didn't trust her parents. They might drug her or worse, especially now that she'd hurt her dad.

As a test, she considered easing the limo onto its side, just as she'd tumbled the SUV around the parking lot in Icarus the night before. Her mom's earnest gaze didn't change. She wasn't a mind reader.

Then Holly said, "No, I'm not going with you." She waited, but she didn't suddenly decide going with her parents was a good idea. Her mom wasn't a mind changer, either.

"Come on, sweetie," her mom said almost kindly, but unable to disguise the edge in her voice. "Your father is in pain. We've got to go and we can't leave you here."

"I'll go into the casino and talk to Mr. Diamond," Holly said. The casino was clearly behind this conspiracy. If her parents were out of commission for the moment, she should go straight to the source.

Her mom nodded vigorously. "Yes. Go see Mr. Diamond. He'll explain everything." A goon stepped in front of Holly and shut the limo door.

Holly watched the limo speed across the pavement, clunk down the curb into the street, and disappear into traffic on the Strip. The usual noise of Vegas at 11 a.m. settled around her: cars swishing by on the side street, the casino's enormous air conditioners grinding behind her. The normalcy of the sounds belied the fact that she was surrounded by six black-suited goons who were staring at her, kept at a careful distance by her power, waiting for her next move.

She turned on her high heel and crossed the pavement, toward the casino. She snatched up her purse as she passed her lawn chair, marveling that no one had stolen it-but maybe even pickpockets understood it wasn't wise to steal from a girl who could inflate plastic palm trees with her mind and break her dad's hand. She clopped all the way inside the casino and down the corridor to the employee elevator. The portrait of Mr. Diamond stared at her inside. The goons crowded in around her. Too late she realized she should have stopped them from coming with her. Telekinetic power took practice.

"Forty, please," she said to the goon nearest the elevator buttons. She felt the elevator jerk into movement upward. She turned to the goon on her left. He stared at her, his face not a foot from hers. She mustered the most evil expression in her repertoire, which, granted, probably wasn't all that threatening. He stared blandly back at her. He was probably reading her mind.

The doors slid open. The goons parted for her. Maybe it was a trap. Molten lava would rush down the hall at her! But that was ridiculous. Mr. Diamond's office was at the end of the hall, and Kaylee would never allow molten lava around the big man. The penthouse was up here too. Kaylee would not allow lava near the penthouse if it was rented by celebrities.

Holly stepped off the elevator as if she had no misgivings, and she turned for Mr. Diamond's office. Glancing over her shoulder, she watched the elevator doors sliding shut. No goons had stayed with her.

Kaylee walked out of her office next to Mr. Diamond's, her business suit immaculate as usual, her golden hair shining like an angel's in the sunlight streaming through the corridor windows. Kaylee's expression was confident, her stride sure. Holly had met her match.

Bursting into Mr. Diamond's office to confront him, which had been Holly's imperative next step, suddenly seemed like the world's worst idea.

"Oh, yeah?" Holly exclaimed. "Is that all you've got? Why didn't you change my mind and stop me from breaking my dad's hand?" Her voice started low with defiance and pitched into the shrillness of a little girl caught and guilty. She cringed.

"You're not my only concern this morning." Kaylee nodded to her office door, urging Holly inside.

Holly hesitated. There could still be lava. Or piranhas. Normally she would have sworn Kaylee would not do that to her. But the landmarks of Holly's life had been shaken from their foundations, and her moral compass spun in the air in front of her.

"No tricks." Kaylee pulled back her silk cuff. "Nothing up my sleeve."

"Make me," Holly said petulantly.

Kaylee huffed out her disapproval. "You asked for it."

Instantly, going into Kaylee's office seemed like a good idea. Holly skipped past Kaylee into the room, sat in the chair for guests in front of Kaylee's desk, and crossed her legs primly. She knew Kaylee had changed her mind-she knew it-but there wasn't a thing she could do about it. A good idea was a good idea.

Kaylee closed the door behind them and rounded her desk. "As I was saying-"

With her power, Holly jerked open all of the blinds at once, exposing Kaylee to the dazzling late-morning sunlight.

Kaylee jumped and closed her eyes. "I hate levitators," she grumbled. Then she opened her blue eyes and looked at Holly. "No offense."

Holly shrugged. "None taken."

Kaylee sat down and gestured to the bank of monitors mounted on the wall beside her desk, each displaying a feed from a different security camera. "Elijah's mom just sensed an intruder, and some of our other mind readers felt it too. It's the fifth time in the past couple of weeks. I was headed downstairs to stop you from trashing Peter's show when I was called back to deal with this. And, of course"-she waved her hand out the window-"Elijah's on the loose." She pressed her lips together, barely suppressing a smile. "So, you spent the past two nights getting down and dirty with Elijah Brown?"

Holly felt her face light up, and she started to tell Kaylee she wished they'd gotten down and dirty. But then she remembered she'd threatened to hurt Elijah when they parted ways. That probably meant they'd broken up. And then she thought about what Kaylee had just said: Elijah is on the loose.

Like Elijah was a fugitive, and Kaylee intended to capture him.

The Kaylee she would have gushed to about her wild ride with Elijah was gone, replaced by the head of security at the casino, even more powerful and dangerous than Holly had imagined, leaning toward her across a wide and imposing desk. Holly couldn't reveal anything she knew about Elijah and put him in danger.

"Not the whole two nights," she fumbled.

"It's okay." Kaylee leaned back in her chair. "I understand completely. Elijah is hot. Last winter when we remodeled the bar next to the high-limit slots, we had to put up extra barriers around the construction site because women were staring at him rather than gambling. And, of course, he's a mind reader. You've probably figured that out already." She turned to watch one of the monitors.

Holly picked up every single object on Kaylee's desk, every paper and pen, even the computer screen and keyboard, and moved them all with her mind until they crowded in the air just behind Kaylee's head, seeming as insulted as Holly was that Kaylee didn't give her full attention to this conversation. "What are you looking for?" Holly asked.

Kaylee glanced over at Holly and jumped again, startled by the computer screen so close to her face. She leaned around it to say, "Somebody I know. Look, Holly, mind readers are dangerous. It's not just that they read your mind. They use what they find in your mind to manipulate you. As long as they know what you want, they can be your perfect employee or your perfect friend or your perfect boyfriend, until you trust them with your life. And then they can do whatever they want with you."

When Kaylee had started describing Holly's experience with Elijah, Holly's heart sank. But by the time Kaylee stopped, Holly had regained a little hope. "He didn't try to be a perfect anything," she said self-righteously. "He did the opposite of what I wanted."

"To get a rise out of you, so he could feel you using your power." Kaylee nodded. "He hasn't been able to read minds long enough. He hasn't learned to be subtle. Either way, he made you very angry, and you escaped from his grip the only way you knew how. What did you do to him, Holly? Did you break his hand, like you broke your father's?"

"No!" Holly shouted, beginning to panic.

Kaylee held her fingers to her porcelain neck. "Did you press his carotid artery until he passed out? That's your dad's favorite trick. Did you force all the air out of his lungs until he thought he would suffocate?"

Holly's jaw dropped, and along with it everything she'd been levitating next to Kaylee. Pencils clattered on the desktop. Kaylee jerked her rolling chair toward the bank of camera monitors just in time to avoid being hit by the computer screen, which tumbled across the rich Oriental carpet and fell on its face.

Kaylee never took her eyes off Holly. "You did something to get away from him. That's why you're here right now, and he's not."

She said this with such vehemence that Holly wondered whether Kaylee had some very personal experience with mind readers.

And then Kaylee said, "Your parents were right to keep you two apart when you were fourteen."

Holly picked up the computer screen with her mind and slammed it against the far wall. It left a lighter-colored mark in the dark wood paneling and fell to the carpet in a jumble of electronics. "Were they right to drug us, too?" Holly demanded. "What the hell is Mentafixol, anyway? If it's just a sedative, why go to the trouble of having it made in the mountains and shipped here?"

Adding to Holly's frustration, Kaylee didn't react to the smashed computer. She turned back to the bank of camera monitors. "Mentafixol isn't a sedative," she said. "All the powers we know about are caused by genetic variations in the brain. Mentafixol contains molybdenum, which is necessary for brain function but slows some processes at high doses."

Holly put her hands in her hair. "You've been slowing down my brain on purpose?"

"Yes, but high molybdenum levels are protective against cancer and impotency, so look on the bright side."

Holly sank back into her chair with a sigh. "Why'd you just cut off the pill like that, rather than being honest with us? You could have saved us fourteen hundred miles and a whole lot of gas."

"It works best this way," Kaylee said. "People are horrified at the loss of the drug, and they hide their powers. Two days later, after the drug has cleared their system, we call them in to speak with Mr. Diamond. He explains the situation and offers them jobs. They're so relieved to find out they're not insane, they forget they've been drugged since they were teenagers. They immediately accept and come to work for the casino."

Holly rubbed her aching head. "Unless they don't take no for an answer from the casino pharmacy and go on a wild goose chase for Mentafixol."

"Elijah inherited power from both parents," Kaylee said. "He's awfully strong. We should have predicted he would fly off the handle like that. But if we'd seen it coming, I'm not sure we would have done anything differently." She rolled her chair closer to her desk and spread out her hands toward Holly, seeming earnest for the first time.

"What would the alternative be?" Kaylee asked. "We could lock him up while he came off the drug, which would make him angrier and more resistant. The thinking is that if you get arrested, you'll be that much more grateful to us for bailing you out, so you'll be more compliant when we ask you to join us. Certainly more compliant that you would have been if we'd locked you up in a room. And if you got in any real trouble with the law, surely the rest of us combining our power could get you out of it. I can't tell you how many lawsuits against the casino I've gotten dismissed just by sitting in the courtroom and toying with the judge. We only hope you don't kill anybody while you're out on your field trip. Especially each other."

Holly nodded. "I can't imagine why we would be angry or resistant. Kaylee, you had no right to drug us for seven years!"

"Yes, we did. Men with telekinesis or mind-changing ability, women with telepathy-they can settle into a trade, like your father, and Elijah's mom, without causing too much trouble. We tread more carefully around male mind readers and female mind changers and levitators, because they're so strong. What if you'd constructed your own magic act to compete with your father? It would have been catastrophic when you were fourteen. You would have tried tricks that were too hard just to outdo him. You would have wound up dead, possibly blowing the casino's cover and threatening the lives of all our people along the way."

Twelve hours ago, Holly would have sworn this wasn't true. After her mishap with her dad that morning, she wasn't so sure.

But she did know one thing: Kaylee had no right to play God, because she didn't know what it felt like to be manipulated this way. "You were never drugged," Holly said.

"No," Kaylee admitted. "By fifteen I was at the Res. I finally escaped last year, and Mr. Diamond took me in. He chose me to lead his security team. That was right before you and I met."

"Which wasn't an accident," Holly said sadly, heart sinking. "Mr. Diamond set us up to be friends so you could watch me. We were never really close. At least, not on your end."

Kaylee's eyes flickered. Holly thought she caught the tiniest glimmer of real feeling there.

But no. Stone-cold Kaylee didn't even bother to deny their friendship had been a lie. She turned back to peer at the camera monitors yet again.

Holly asked, "What's the Res?"

Kaylee nodded at the monitors. "The Res is what I'm looking for. If the casino is a safe haven for people with power, the Res is hell." She looked over at Holly. "And very appealing to teenagers, which is the reason the casino started drugging young people in the first place."

"Does the Res drug people like the casino does?" Holly asked. "Because if not, it does sound pretty appealing in comparison."

Kaylee shook her head sternly. "The Res doesn't have to drug you. The Res itself is intoxicating. People with power go there to test themselves and pit themselves against each other. Mind readers especially love it because they can read everyone and feel lots of powers at once. Levitators and mind changers may look the strongest, but mind readers will back you into a corner. They'll blackmail you into using your power the way they want. Your power is your weakness, and it will be your downfall. Remember that girl who jumped off Hoover Dam last week?"

Holly nodded. It seemed like a million years ago now, but she remembered hearing about that girl on the news. She remembered feeling jealous of her.

"I knew that girl." Kaylee squinted at the monitors. "But I don't recognize anybody on these screens, which worries me. Where did they go? Elijah's mom is a weak mind reader, but when she does sense something, she's right."

"So you think the Res is coming for me?" Holly asked.

"That's somewhat vain of you." Kaylee eyed Holly. "The Res was poking around already. We'd planned to keep you and Elijah on Mentafixol until you were thirty years old-"

"Thirty!" Holly squealed.

"Yes, because your powers would start to fade by then. I took you off early because I need your help. Putting teenagers on Mentafixol makes sense if we're only trying to protect you from yourselves. But now we think the Res is trying to take over the casino. We have very few people who can fight them. We're drugging the people who are strongest. It's dangerous to wean people off the drug, so I have to release one or two at a time. I chose you and Elijah first. I hope you'll come to work for me."

Holly lifted her hand for silence. "When hell freezes over. I'll go find this Res and save us all the trouble."

"No!" Kaylee shouted.

She had never shouted at Holly before, ever, and the shrill sound of her voice rattled Holly's already shot nerves.

"Why the hell not?" Holly yelled back. "It doesn't sound so bad when I think about all the shit you and my parents have put me through. Just for starters, all the edamame, Kaylee. My mom brainwashed me into purchasing and steaming my very own edamame even now that I'm out from under her roof, just to keep my weight down. Do you know how many cookies I've missed out on in the last seven years, all in the name of pleasing my parents despite my fake debilitating mental illness? God!"

"Well, there's some good news. Now you can eat all the cookies you want."

"Damn straight!" Holly said. "My parents can kiss my big dimpled ass."

"No, I mean you really can," Kaylee said. "Using your power boosts your metabolism. You can eat anything you want. Mentafixol slowed your metabolism, which is why your mom made you take ballet and kept on you about your weight. It's also why Elijah's mom put him in lacrosse and got him a job here as a carpenter. I mean, really that was so the casino could keep an eye on him, but it didn't hurt that we made him carry a lot of plywood."

Holly knew Kaylee was trying to lighten the mood with a joke. It wasn't working. Holly was speechless with anger.

"It's not that everyone at the casino's been trying to control you," Kaylee said gently. "Everyone's been trying to keep you safe. Those of us with power remember what it was like to make that discovery when we were fourteen. A lot of us were lured into the Res at that age. We wanted to protect you from that. Most people can see this when we take them off Mentafixol. I think you and Elijah would see it, too, if you hadn't gone off on your own for the past few days. And that's my fault. This is the first withdrawal I've been in charge of, and I've screwed it up. I don't want anything bad to happen to you because of what I've done. I'm your roommate and your friend, and I care about you."

"Bullshit," Holly said.

Kaylee sat back in her chair, eyes hollow, as if genuinely disturbed that her relationship with Holly was ruined. Holly didn't believe it for a second.

Then Kaylee put her elbows on the desk. "If you don't want to be part of the casino right now, we'll respect that. I'm very disappointed. You're putting all of us in danger. I still have to respect it. But you'll have to stay away from the Res"-she counted on one finger-"and stay away from Elijah." She counted on a second finger. "Keep in mind how he manipulated you. That's what he'll do to you, times a hundred, if you end up at the Res together. They'll make you turn on each other, and then they'll use you both to take the whole casino down." She glanced at a monitor and exclaimed, "Oh! Speak of the devil."

Holly understood it wasn't a good strategy to leap forward and dive halfway across Kaylee's desk to get a glimpse of Elijah on the monitor, thus revealing to Kaylee how deep her feelings for him ran. However, this was what she did. She was rewarded with a low-resolution image of him crossing the casino floor and slipping onto an empty stool at his mom's blackjack table.

If Kaylee hadn't pointed him out, Holly might not have seen him-he could have been any tall athlete with a mess of wavy hair-but she recognized the way he walked and the familiar movements of his hands as he fingered the cards his mom dealt him. He wasn't the domineering man shouting at her in Shane's car anymore. He was the boy she'd always known. He was her high school sweetheart.

She and Kaylee both jerked to attention as the office door banged open.

"You need a haircut."

Elijah stopped short in the middle of the casino floor. He'd just come through the door with his sights on his mom behind a blackjack table. He'd waded through the flashing lights and tinkling sounds of the slot machines and the usual morass of other people's thoughts, which were giving him a worse than usual headache on top of the pain Shane had given him in the back of the head. Suddenly this very clear message drowned out everyone else.

He watched his mom. She swept up the cards, dealt another hand to herself and a man in blue scrubs at her table, and never glanced up at Elijah.

"Well, who do you think is talking to you in your own mind?"

Now she looked up at him and winked.

He took a few bills from his wallet, tossed them down in the box, and seated himself a careful distance away from the man in scrubs.

His mom dealt new cards to Elijah, the man, and herself. "Mind-readers can only read what's at the front of someone's mind, on the tip of the tongue," she told him telepathically. "Form a thought as if you were going to say it, and I can pick it up. Be clear, though. Female mind-readers aren't as strong as males, and everybody's power gets weaker as we grow older. Sometimes I have trouble."

Elijah was having trouble himself. The feel of the cards, the solid clicking of the chips, the scents of his mother's perfume and lunch grilling in a restaurant nearby-all this took him back to his earliest memory. He was two years old, seated at the kitchen table in their apartment, eating a grilled cheese sandwich, watching cartoons on TV, and playing blackjack with his mother. He hadn't been able to add, and he found the game repetitive and boring.

But this memory triggered his mother's own memory, which flooded his mind with an explanation. She'd been practicing. She needed to read the minds of distracted customers while dealing a seamless game. She'd learned on Elijah, playing blackjack with him while tasting his sandwich through his toddler's tongue and watching cartoons through his eyes.

She motioned to him to keep the game going.

As he split his pair and moved his money, he wondered why he suddenly felt he'd been punched in the stomach, like the throbbing pain in the back of his head wasn't bad enough.

"It's the smell," she said almost as clearly as if her mouth had moved. She jerked her thumb over her shoulder toward the restaurant. "You need to eat something. You've got four times the metabolism you had on Mentafixol. What's the last thing you ate? Dinner last night in Colorado? Jeez, no wonder." The house had beat both Elijah and the man in scrubs. She raked up the cards and chips. "Try it. Say something to me."

Elijah intended to, but the room was full of distractions-sights, sounds, smells, and now the musings of the man in scrubs, who thought Elijah's mother was the most gorgeous woman he'd ever seen. Nearly every morning when he got off graveyard shift as a nurse at the hospital, he came here just so he could sit at her table and watch the way her long black hair caught in the buttons on her uniform.

She gathered her hair in a ponytail and smoothed it behind her shoulders. "All in a day's work, honey," she said silently to Elijah. "Go ahead."

Elijah looked down at his cards without seeing them. He asked as clearly as he could, "Who, besides you?"

"Mr. Diamond is a mind-reader," she said. "Then there's Holly's father, obviously. A levitator, but a lot weaker than her, because he's a man and he's older. And of course Kaylee. She's a very strong mind changer at the height of her power, which is why she's Mr. Diamond's second-in-command. A lot of her security guards, but that's just what I've learned from reading them. Mr. Diamond knows who everybody is because he approves all the hires, but he keeps that information to himself for everyone's protection. We don't have potlucks and socialize together on the weekend. It's not safe."

"Shane?" Elijah asked.

"I never heard that he was. But you'll run into more people in Vegas with power, no doubt. Vegas attracts us because we can get jobs here. And because we tend to seek each other out, feed off each other's energy."

Elijah felt that energy now. He could hardly sense the cards between his fingers because of his skin tingling as he read his mom's mind. Her own skin tingled with the same energy, and he felt that too-an endless feedback loop. If she'd come within fifteen feet of him before he left for Icarus, he would have sensed this instantly. That must be why she'd left town.

"Which reminds me," she said inside his head. "How was your trip?"

He looked down at the new cards his mom had dealt him and went through the motions of doubling down. If he'd ever had girl troubles-which he hadn't, because he'd steered clear of girls altogether-he wouldn't have discussed them with his mom. This was different. This was Holly.

And the trouble between him and Holly boiled down to the very essence of who they were-though this wasn't who they'd been last week, or even yesterday. Now his heart sped up at the thought of what he'd almost had with her, and what he'd thrown in the garbage. She'd scared him, but he'd forced her into it by scaring her first.

Now he worried about her. He wondered where she was. He'd hoped when he walked in the front door of the casino, he'd find her hovering above the high-limit slots, pouring Singapore Slings with no hands for everyone in the vast room.

His mom winced and put her finger to her temple. "That's real complicated, hon, and I'm not that good a reader." She nodded at his hand, reminding him to signal his bet. "I don't know what you did to that girl, but I can imagine. Be more careful with her. Both of you are at the height of your powers and very dangerous to the rest of us. We'd planned to keep you on Mentafixol until you were thirty, but Kaylee took you off to help protect us from the Res."

"The Res?" Elijah sat up straight on his stool. All his life when his mom had talked about the Res Res Res blah blah blah, she hadn't meant a Native American reservation at all. Elijah and his mom weren't Native American, either.

"No, we're not Native American," his mother said. "Why would you think that?"

"You have black hair."

"I'm thirty-nine, Elijah. I dye it."

His gaze shifted to her earrings. "You wear a lot of turquoise."

"Well, yeah, you've got me there. I guess I do play it up. Tourists tip better if you have a little mystique about you." She winked at the nurse, who smiled moonily back at her as she collected his cards and his bet.

"Reading minds wasn't adequate?"

"It wouldn't do me any good, dealing blackjack," his mom pointed out. "The casino doesn't want to cheat people, anyway. Our percent payback to customers is set by law. We could change the minds of the gaming commission, I suppose, but we make enough money without doing that, and we don't want to get a bad rep with the gamblers. I'm just here to catch cheats and protect us all from troublemakers. Like the folks from the Res who just wandered through here, looking for you."

Elijah leaned forward. "They want me?"

She shook her head, then realized what she'd done. She moved her head in a circle to pop her neck as if that's what she'd intended all along, her hair zigzagging behind her shoulders with the motion. "A male mind reader-I doubt they'd be that stupid," she said inside his brain. "A really powerful mind reader can get out from under a mind changer's power if she lets up for even a second. That's why a mind reader is always at the top of the heap at the Res. He wins the game of rock-paper-scissors." She cocked her head to one side, considering him, turquoise earrings swinging. "No, they probably want you so they can get to Holly."

"What for?"

As his mom danced her dealer's dance, moving cards and chips around the table, she concentrated on the EXIT sign behind him, above the doors to the street. He realized she must be deliberately stopping him from reading her mind. As long as Holly's fate wasn't in the front of his mom's mind, he couldn't read it.

He was afraid he knew why. "Oh, no, no, no. We're done with secrets. That's why I'm here. What kind of place is the Res?"

She dealt a new hand. "Teenagers with power find it through the grapevine. They go there because they've had trouble fitting in on the outside. And once they get there, they can't leave."

Elijah swallowed. "Because they lock you up? Or do they give you Mentafixol?"

"Worse. They grab for power. They shift allegiances. They play mind games. They invade each other in every way imaginable."

"It sounds like a cross between a cult and a pick-up bar."

"Good analogy, except people with power don't drink or do drugs. That would dull their power, and nothing feels better than power."

"I don't see what's so awful about that," he said.

"I don't see what's so awful about the Res," she repeated, and even managed to convey sarcasm telepathically, like she couldn't believe he'd said something that stupid.

Which really ticked him off. "What's so awful about the Res, Mom? It's bad enough that you keep all this from me for my whole life. You don't have to act like I'm an idiot for wanting to know." Impatiently he gave up listening to her. He looked as far into her mind as he could go.

"Don't do that." Ignoring the nurse's signal to hit him again, she closed her eyes. Elijah felt her trying to make her mind go blank. But he'd already caught a glimpse of her blind fear. She opened her eyes and stared hard at the EXIT sign, deliberately clearing her mind so he wouldn't see anything else.

"This is why I've always told you to keep your mouth shut about MAD and Mentafixol," she told him. "Even mind readers can't find you unless they're close. But now they're close." She'd forgotten to concentrate on the EXIT sign. Her cold terror gripped Elijah again, stronger and more real than Holly's hand around his throat.

"So, what do I do?" Elijah asked, tossing his useless cards back to her. "Bow before Kaylee and Mr. Diamond and pledge allegiance? Why can't I just leave town?"

"Now that you have power," his mom said, "you'll be shocked how hard it is to get along out in the world without people thinking you're insane."

Judging from his experience of the past week, Elijah knew this wouldn't shock him at all.

"You figure you can make a lot of money from this power," she said. "What rich person on top of the world wouldn't want a mind reader on their side? But those people would rather kill you than deal with you. It's not that they want you for your power. They want other people not to have your power. They're scared they won't be able to control you. They want to be the ones with power, and if they can't have it, no one can." Ending that hand, she picked up a thick stack of chips from the holder at her side, the many dollars Elijah had lost over the past few minutes, and placed them in front of the nurse.

"Of course, you can't be forced to join the casino," she said. "But if you won't join us, the casino won't protect you. And in that case, by all means, get out of town before the Res finds you."

"I guess that's what I'll do," he said. "I need to find Holly first."

"You can't take her out of town with you." Alarm swirled in his mom's head.

"Why not?" Elijah asked, alarmed himself now, scared for Holly. "I can't let the casino get her either."

"That's a decision she needs to make for herself. But if you take her out of town, she'll be a lot more vulnerable to the Res. The Res makes that decision for you."

Elijah should leave town, but Holly couldn't? Their parents would keep them apart again? If that's all the control they had over their own lives, they might as well have stayed in the ninth grade. He tapped his cards on the table in frustration.

His mother responded to that signal by dealing him another card, even though he'd intended to stand on that hand and she knew it.

He glared at her.

"Believe it," his mom said. "There's nobody at the Res older than twenty-five. They don't last that long. Holly might get away eventually. I did. Kaylee did. But a lot of girls don't. And even if Holly did get away from the Res, she'd be different. If you love her now, you wouldn't love her then." His mom concentrated on the EXIT sign.

"Mom," he said. "Mom, what does that mean?"

"Think what fun they would have corrupting that sweet girl. It means keep her out of there." Exit. Exit. Exit. Exit.

He had no choice, then. If leaving town would put Holly in more danger than staying, she would stay, and Elijah would stay with her. There was only the matter of finding her and convincing her to trust him again.

"Lady luck isn't smiling on me today," he said out loud, slipping off his stool. When his mom glanced up at him, he looked straight at her and thought, "I love you," very clearly, so she would know he was saying it, not the nurse.

As he turned for the EXIT sign, he felt his mother's message in his head: "I love you, too." And then, when he was close to the front doors and almost out of range to read her: "Be sure you eat something."

16

The moment Kaylee heard her office door burst open, instinctively she changed the intruder's mind about changing her mind. Sure enough, the first person through the door was red-haired April, one eye closed against the headache Kaylee was giving her.

Carter came right behind her. "You don't have her?" he asked April, eyes on Kaylee.

"We're at a stalemate," April murmured.

Kaylee knew how April felt. Neither of them could let go of the other. And neither of them could stay in this painful limbo for long. But she had more experience than April, and she knew the appearance of strength was almost as important as strength itself.

Then Nate pushed into the office, cowboy hat first. Kaylee's will almost faltered. He was a mind changer himself, weaker than Kaylee or April, but he and April working on Kaylee together might just get through.

Kaylee couldn't use up any space in her mind for that kind of thinking, and she couldn't give away to mind-reading Carter how intimidated and outnumbered she felt. She held Nate off. She held April off.

As Violet slammed and locked the door behind all of them with her mind, Kaylee called boldly, "Did Isaac send you? Too scared to face me himself?"

Violet called back, "We want Holly and Elijah. Give them to us and we'll leave the casino alone. For a while."

Not daring to take her eyes off April and Nate, Kaylee blindly felt in front of her until she touched Holly, who hadn't spoken or moved a muscle. She seemed paralyzed with fear, plastered against the front of the desk. Kaylee gripped Holly's arm and hurled at the intruders, "Go get Elijah yourselves if you can. Good luck with that. But you're getting Holly over my dead body. And yours." With her other hand she reached into her holster, pulled out her Beretta, and pointed it at April. "See if you can change my mind about this."

"Don't," Holly whispered. "Let me."

The chair Holly had been sitting in launched across the room and hit Violet in the chest, knocking her against the wall, her gauzy purple skirts a swirling riot.

"Let's go," Carter said quietly, offering a hand to help Violet up, watching Kaylee.

Violet waved off Carter's hand.

Carter and April and Nate flattened themselves against the wooden paneling. Kaylee ducked behind her desk. People with power knew better than to come between two levitators in an argument.

The chair flew toward Holly. Score one for Violet. Suddenly it diverted to one side, tumbled over the end of the desk, and thudded to the carpet. Score one for Holly.

Violet rose into the air unaided. Toes barely brushing the ground, she pointed at Holly. "That's twice, bitch. Third time's the charm."

Holly hurled the chair back at the intruders. Next she threw Kaylee's desk chair. Papers. Pens. Kaylee's computer screen and keyboard. All these objects seemed to bounce off a force field around the intruders as Violet protected them.

Violet opened the door behind her and hovered in the doorway. Carter slipped past her, then Nate. She and April exited at the same time, Violet shielding both of them from Holly's wrath while April shielded them from Kaylee changing their minds. The last thing Kaylee saw was April's cherry-red hair before the door slammed shut.

Holly had run out of loose objects to throw and was proceeding to remove the framed and autographed photos of Elvis and Sammy Davis Jr. from the walls when Kaylee popped up from behind her desk. "Stop! Coast is clear." With a sigh of relief, she released her death-grip and reholstered her Beretta. Her fingers ached. Then her adrenaline spiked higher at the memory of what Violet had said to Holly. "What did Violet mean when she said this was twice?" Had Holly been to the Res already?

"They came after Elijah and me in Icarus," Holly said.

"Oh, God." Kaylee's mind spun. Not many people had known where Holly and Elijah had gone. To get that information, the Res had read someone's mind. Possibly her own. She turned once more to the bank of camera monitors. "Where did you go, you bastards?"

"Elijah!" Holly cried, rushing to the monitor where they'd seen him sit down at his mom's table. But as they watched, he threw down his cards, nodded to his mom, and headed for the door. The Res hadn't had time to reach him. He was safe. For now. Then a strange movement on a monitor caught Kaylee's eye. "Oh, no."

April walked unchallenged across the casino floor, clearing the way, followed by Nate in his cowboy hat, then Carter. Violet brought up the rear. It was hard to see exactly what she was doing because the cameras were mounted high in the ceiling, and the matchbooks were small. But Kaylee knew what Violet was doing. It was an age-old game at the Res. With her mind, Violet struck matches and raised them high to the luxurious draperies framing the arched doorways. The strange movement Kaylee had seen was flames.

The fire alarm clanged overhead.

Holly dashed for the door.

Kaylee made Holly think going out that door was not a good idea.

Holly stopped short in confusion. Then she whirled to face Kaylee, her brunette curls flying. Kaylee could tell from the outrage in Holly's eyes, accentuated by the wild green eye shadow, that she'd figured out the mind-changing game. "Kaylee, not now!" she wailed over the clamor of the fire alarm. "The casino is on fire! All those people! Elijah's mom is down there!"

Kaylee divided her mind into three compartments. In the first compartment, she maintained her hold on Holly. Holly would not go out that door.

In the second compartment, Kaylee played casino administrator. The sprinklers would put out the fire shortly. Extra curtains and lengths of carpet were rolled up in storage for an emergency such as this. She calculated how many minutes it would take to reopen the casino.

In the third compartment, she worried about the Res. The monitors showed the last of the gamblers hurrying toward the exits with their arms over their heads to shield themselves from the sprinkler shower. Security guards ushered them out. Elijah's mom, Jasmine, gave the camera a thumbs-up, meaning she didn't sense anyone with power on the casino floor. The Res was gone.

But they would be back. They'd already killed Mr. Diamond and set the curtains on fire. Next time would be worse. Kaylee wasn't sure how many more assaults the casino could stand before their loose confederation of people with power started to fall apart.

And she had no idea how to stop it. She'd been away from the Res and Isaac a whole year, and he was still able to toy with her like a cat playing with a mouse before he killed her.

She ran her hands back through her hair, a nervous gesture she never allowed herself in public, as she surveyed the wreck Holly and Violet had made of her office. Kaylee would outmaneuver Isaac. She had to. But until she figured out how, all she could do was buy time.

She waved to the monitors showing the casino floor. "The fire is out," she told Holly. "But I've got bigger problems. I'm putting you under house arrest until I solve them."

"What!"

Just in case, Kaylee changed Holly's mind about hurting her. At the door she put her hand on Holly's bare arm. "People with power don't like to have their minds changed. I understand that. I use it as a last resort. I'm in a difficult position right now. I hope someday you'll forgive me."

Holly didn't say a word. She was a beautiful, disheveled, very angry showgirl at the center of Kaylee's junkyard of an office, staring Kaylee down, trying to get out from under Kaylee's spell and out the office door.

But she wouldn't. At least Kaylee was confident in her own power. No matter what, she still had that.

She slipped out the door and closed and locked it behind her-not that this would stop Holly in the unlikely event she was able to escape Kaylee's command. In that case, nothing would stop her. Kaylee simply didn't want a hapless guard going in. He would be in trouble.

She emerged from the employee elevator onto the casino floor. The room reeked of smoke, but the air vents high overhead roared with double their usual force. All the doors had been thrown open to the bright summer day, with dealers stationed at them to prevent gamblers from coming in. Construction crews stood on ladders, removing the singed drapes, and janitors used industrial vacuum cleaners to suck up the water standing on the carpet. All was as it should be, if this were a normal casino, with normal employees, and normal arsonists. She pointed at Jasmine by the door, crooked her finger at her, and met her beside the barred cashier windows.

"There were four of them," Jasmine reported. "I've sensed them here before. April, a mind changer, bright red hair like the young girls color it nowadays. Carter was a mind reader, Nate was a mind changer, and then there was a levitator. I didn't catch her name because she was distracted, setting fire to the curtains."

"Violet," Kaylee said.

"You've met them," Jasmine said, a statement rather than a question, because she could read Kaylee's mind. "They were definitely from the Res and feeling like they need revenge for whatever happened up in your office."

Jasmine had told Kaylee nothing she didn't already know, but Kaylee touched Jasmine's elbow. "Great job. I'm so glad to have you down here."

Jasmine's proud smile was fleeting. The corners of her mouth sank into disappointment. "Tell me another. I'm too weak to be any help."

"Not true." Most of Kaylee's staff couldn't read minds, or do anything out of the ordinary besides take out a target at two hundred yards. "The Res wants Elijah and Holly. I'm trying to figure out what their plan might be, and I was hoping you could give me some insight."

"Why are you asking me?" Jasmine snapped. "Isn't Isaac in charge out there now? You were his girlfriend. I've never met him."

"No," Kaylee said, holding fast to her patience, "but you knew somebody like him. You knew Elijah's father."

It was a gamble to bring up Elijah's dad to Jasmine, but Kaylee desperately needed this information. The gamble didn't pay off. Instead of opening up, Jasmine closed down. She crossed her arms. "Why aren't you asking Mr. Diamond?"

"Mr. Diamond is otherwise engaged," Kaylee said.

"With something more important than Elijah?"

The afterlife? "Yes, absolutely." Kaylee left it at that, both verbally and mentally, reinforcing the wall in her mind between what she let Jasmine see and what she couldn't tell anyone.

Jasmine put one fingertip to her temple. She was giving herself a headache trying to read Kaylee. Finally she said, "If you want my help, why are you blocking me so hard? What is it you don't want me to know?"

A movement in the corner of Kaylee's eye caught her attention. She and Jasmine turned to watch a ladder topple over and clatter to the ground, leaving a man hanging from the blackened draperies while his coworkers scrambled underneath to catch him. So much for the casino running like a well-oiled machine.

Impatiently she turned back to Jasmine. "The Res is after your son. Are you going to help me or not?"

Jasmine huffed out a sigh. "Here's my theory. Isaac's decided he wants more than the Res. Maybe he wants the casino. Elijah's father had that thought, but lots of young people were protecting the casino then, and Mr. Diamond wasn't putting the kids on Mentafixol. We've all gotten old and weak, and Isaac knows it. He sent some scouts in to read our weaknesses. I'm surprised he didn't assassinate a few people to scare us and make us cower."

Kaylee blocked Jasmine very hard. She couldn't think about Mr. Diamond.

"You and Mr. Diamond thought you were strengthening us when you took Elijah and Holly off Mentafixol, but you played right into Isaac's hand. He must have people reading you, me, Peter, any of the guards. He knew which kids were about to come into their power, and now the Res wants them before they're loyal to us."

This was very, very, very bad. Kaylee thought this and simultaneously tried to block the thought from Jasmine. The only way to survive the Res was to stop caring about people. But if Elijah and Holly were in love, there was no telling what an experienced mind reader could coerce them into doing for him by threatening one of them and then the other. She had to keep Holly out of there.

"Ms. Michaels?" called a security guard who'd stepped inside the casino doors. "You'd better come see this."

What now? Kaylee thought, and Jasmine offered a bitter laugh of agreement. They both hurried through the burned casino air, past the tangle of employees blocking the doors, and into the fresh hot breeze and bright sunlight outside. The security guard pointed down the block. They jogged toward the cross street, where another security guard pointed them around the corner of the massive building. There on the sidewalk that continued back to the paved space where Peter had performed his impossible feat of physical stamina that morning, another crowd had gathered, pointing up at the fortieth floor.

A dark, jagged shape in the otherwise mirrored surface of the casino marked the place where Holly had broken Kaylee's office window. Just below this, Holly descended slowly, holding herself up with her power but pantomiming a difficult and heart-pounding struggle down a flimsy white rope.

"Oh my God," Kaylee exclaimed, losing her cool, "is that Kleenex she's supposed to be climbing down? And she's carrying her purse. I have got to talk to her about presentation."

"What'd you do," Jasmine asked, "change her mind about following you out the door of your office? Too specific."

Kaylee glared at Jasmine.

Jasmine winked at Kaylee. "You want me to help you collect her?"

Kaylee glanced around at the sidewalk clogged with pedestrians in the early afternoon. Everyone who passed this corner looked down the alley, saw the crowd forming under Holly, and headed in that direction.

"We can't worry about her right now," Kaylee said, "not while we're in public. She'll just make another mess. We need to get the casino reopened before the news crews get out here. Besides, I know where she's going."

"To Elijah's house," Jasmine said slowly. "You'll post a couple of guards on the street to alert you if the Res comes by, so you'll know she's safe. Once you get things cleaned up at the casino, you'll go there yourself and take both of them into custody. Indefinitely."

Kaylee was shocked that Jasmine had been able to lift this from her. She'd thought she was keeping a tight lid on her plans. She must be stressed and tired and losing her edge.

She shifted her attention from her own shortcomings to damage control. "No, of course not." She put a hand on the shoulder of Jasmine's dealer uniform jacket. "That's your fear talking."

Jasmine didn't buy it. "I agreed to let Mr. Diamond put Elijah on Mentafixol to protect him from himself. I never agreed to let you or anybody lock him up. You can't do that, Kaylee! I won't let you!"

Kaylee changed Jasmine's mind.

Then she pointed to a couple of guards with half power and motioned them over. With one hand on Jasmine's back, she said, "This is delicate."

The guards nodded.

"Be nice, but lock her up just in case. Don't let her out until you hear from me. And for God's sake don't let her talk you out of it."

As they walked away, Jasmine looked over her shoulder at Kaylee, tears in her eyes. This was the awful thing about changing the mind of a mind reader. Other people with power might guess, but Jasmine knew exactly what Kaylee had done to her.

Suddenly Kaylee sensed a tall presence inches from her shoulder. She glanced up into Shane's blue eyes. Her heart thumped beneath her silk blouse. She'd never let him get this close to her. The mess with Jasmine had distracted her, damn it!

Shane set down his guitar case on the sidewalk and gazed up at Holly, who had made it down to the thirty-fifth floor or so. She faked losing her grip on the "rope," and the crowd gasped underneath her.

"She's good," Shane drawled. "I can't see the safety cables at all. It looks like she's really doing something dangerous. But-is that Kleenex?" He glanced down at Kaylee again.

Kaylee had a hard afternoon ahead of her, and her head felt heavy with responsibility. But for a split second, she indulged in the fantasy that this man cared about her. They were both young, about the same age, running loose in Vegas. Between her clout and her power, she could get them into the best clubs any time she chose. They could have a terrific fling together. She could feel, for the first time, like she was twenty-two.

When she pictured fingering the slicked-back strands of his blond hair, she almost thought she saw his pupils dilate in the bright sunlight. This was her imagination. She was losing it.

He smiled. "You look tired. Rough day at the casino? Maybe I can help."

She laughed at the idea. "When I need your help, Mr. Sligh, I'll ask for it."

He opened his mouth to say something else.

She changed his mind.

He closed his mouth. But he continued to stare at her, a knowing look that intensified the euphoric prickling sensation racing through her.

Without another word to him, she turned away and headed back inside. She had a lot of phone calls to make. Rounding up Elijah and Holly would take every available hand-including Peter Starr.

17

Elijah was checking the chicken in the oven when the hair on his arms stood up. He jerked backward, thinking he'd set himself on fire. Only then did he begin to sense Holly's desperation and her hope that Shane's car parked in the driveway meant Elijah was home.

He slammed the oven door shut, dashed across the kitchen, rounded the counter into the living room, leaped over the sofa, tripped, sprawled on the floor, picked himself up, and jerked open the front door just as she was raising her finger to ring the bell.

He registered only a fleeting glimpse of her, long hair tangled, green glittering eye makeup eerily smeared to her hairline, before he backed her against the stucco wall of the porch and kissed her.

Her mouth yielded for his. He dipped his tongue deep inside. Cradling the back of her head with one hand to protect her from the stucco, he put his other hand on her bare flat stomach. Her skin jumped under his touch. She moved her head to one side, trying to break the kiss. She needed to tell him everything that had happened to her at the casino, everything she'd found out from Kaylee-and it all came at him in a rush of images.

He didn't want this information from Holly right now, no matter how important. He held her head more firmly and kissed her more deeply.

"Mm," she groaned against his lips. She needed to tell him they were in danger. They needed to leave town right now. They could kiss later.

This time he broke the kiss and looked into her dark eyes full of worry and pain, framed by false lashes. "That just doesn't make sense, Holly," he said gently. "My mom wouldn't let the casino lock me up."

"I know what I know," Holly breathed. "Come on. Let's go. We'll figure it out later." She grasped his hand on her belly and stepped toward the sidewalk, pulling him along-pushing him from behind with her power too, already so accustomed to having it that she only half realized she was using it.

"Holly," he said with enough force that she stopped and looked back at him. "My mom said it wasn't safe to leave."

Holly gazed pleadingly up at him, her face drawn and waiflike under the heavy makeup and grime. She wanted to believe him. She needed him to know what to do, because she sure didn't. But Kaylee had told her that mind readers would say anything to get their way.

He put both hands over her lips, then on her cheeks, then on either side of her jaw, framing her face. "You have to believe me." He felt guilty for lying about lying, or at least for leaving out a pertinent piece of information-that his mom had said it wasn't safe for Holly to leave, but that Elijah himself should book it. He wasn't a manipulative ass of a mind reader if it was for Holly's own good. Was he?

"I believe you." She didn't believe him, not completely. Everything else Kaylee had told her made too much sense for her description of mind readers to be inaccurate. But Holly desperately wanted to believe him. "We both have a lot of anger. That anger has to go somewhere. We can't use it against each other. We're too powerful for that, and we can do a lot of damage."

"We already have." He tilted her head forward, kissed her forehead, and looked into her eyes again. "I shouldn't have done that to you, Holly. When you're close to me like this, I know everything you think. I wish I could turn it off. I can't. But I promise you I won't make you feel that way again."

She gave a small nod, her wide eyes never leaving his. She still wasn't sure she should trust him, and she wasn't sure she cared. He could betray her and use her, as long as he would touch her.

He pulled her by the hand through the open door, into the house.

A buzzer split the silence. Elijah dropped Holly's hand and jogged through the living room. When she rounded the corner, she saw him pulling something out of the oven, and she smelled food. She skipped forward and ooohed her approval at the two places set at the kitchen table, the plates heaped with chicken casserole and roasted vegetables. As she watched, Elijah plucked rolls from the baking sheet he held with a towel and tossed a couple onto each plate.

"Dude." She slid into a chair in front of one of the plates. Five minutes and one serving later, she came up for breath long enough to ask, "Do you have powers I don't know about? Instant gourmet food? Oh, God."

He rose, reached to the counter for the casserole dish, and spooned second helpings of chicken and vegetables onto her plate. "It's been cooking for an hour. I couldn't find you at the casino, and I hoped you might stop by here."

Five minutes and the second serving later, she wiped the corners of her mouth daintily with her napkin, as if the whole meal had been a polite enterprise. Not. "I was hungry."

He offered her a basket with the few remaining rolls. "Sitting at the casino talking to my mom, it came over me all of a sudden, this terrible hunger. I thought I was going to pass out."

"Really!" Holly said through a mouthful of bread.

"On the way here, I stopped at that cafe, the one where I kidnapped you?" he said casually.

"Uh-huh?" she said in the same tone.

"I ate two of those muffins you were lusting after."

"Mmmmmmuffin," she said. "I've never had one. Were they good?"

He looked apologetic, as if they had been very good and he was afraid to tell her.

She stuck out her bottom lip.

He reached behind him to the cabinet, brought out a bakery box, and solemnly slid it across the table to her.

She peeked inside. Two chocolate muffins. She grinned her gratitude at him. He smiled back. She peeled back the glittering paper and took a big bite of muffin. Mmmmm.

"We can't know what the future holds for us," he said. "But I hope yours is full of muffins."

Holly held up one finger until she'd chewed and swallowed. "Kaylee warned me about mind readers. You know exactly what to say to make a girl fall in love with you."

Almost as soon as it was out of her mouth, she realized what she'd said. She glanced up at him guiltily. He frowned at her.

They'd had a huge fight just that morning. Now their relationship was too good and too tentative to mess up with a clumsy statement like that. It was true-if he did tell her he loved her, how would she ever know whether he was sincere?-but she hadn't meant to bring this up.

"I'm sorry," she said.

"I know," he responded with no expression in his voice.

Nervously she pulled at the muffin paper. Most girls probably would be put off their food by an awkward silence like this, or would pretend to be. Holly was not most girls. She was still hungry. She finished the first muffin and half-heartedly offered the second to Elijah. He shook his head no. She ate it in silence, then put the papers back in the bakery box and nipped up the crumbs with her fingers.

"Full?" he asked.

"I'm not sure I can ever be full," she admitted. "Satisfied, for now."

He raised his eyebrows. "That's too bad."

Was this innuendo? She didn't have enough experience to know for certain, but she hoped for the best. She scraped back her chair, rounded the table to him, and slipped onto his lap. She ran her fingers back through his hair and-

"Oh God, how did you get this huge knot on the back of your head?" She touched it gingerly.

He winced. "That? My best friend pistol-whipped me."

Holly nodded. "Your talk with Shane didn't go well? And when you accused him of having magical powers, he thought you were crazy?"

"Basically," Elijah said.

"Poor baby," she cooed.

"It's stopped bleeding," he said. "The show must go on. Where were we?"

She gently kissed his hair. "Are we going to make out at the kitchen table, or is there a bedroom?"

The serious look he gave her sent chills along her arms.

He moved under her. She slipped off his lap and let him stand, then looked way up at him. It wasn't often that he stood so close to her and she realized how tall he was.

He chuckled. "You make me feel like a million bucks, you know that?"

She let loose an embarrassed giggle. "Why? You knew you were tall."

"Yeah, but I didn't know it was glorious."

She snorted.

Shaking his head, he pulled her by the hand across the living room, into the hall, past the fateful bathroom. In his bedroom he closed the blinds against the midafternoon desert sun, plunging the room into shadow. The sunlight squeezing through at the edges of the windows backlit his wavy brown hair. He sat on the bed and kicked off his shoes. Then he patted the covers beside him.

She sat down and bent to take off her shoes.

"Could you leave those on?"

She paused. This request was kinky, like a fourteen-year-old boy's wet dream.

"I plead the fifth." But his voice was so kind that the kinky request began to seem almost sweet.

She let him ease her back onto the bed. Her eyes still hadn't adjusted to the darkness and she couldn't make out his expression at all as he leaned over and kissed her.

She cleared her mind. Because she didn't want him to see the turmoil in it. And because she needed to enjoy this moment with him, which was all she knew she had.

He rubbed the tip of his nose against hers and rested his forehead on hers. "Don't be scared, Holly," he whispered. "The world is more open now, not more closed."

She choked on her words as she whispered back, "I can't believe what they put us through for so long."

The stubble on his chin whispered across her skin as he said hoarsely, "Seven years asleep has been worth it for these three days with you."

He watched her for a second longer. No matter what happened, she would always remember him just like this: a mess of sandy brown hair, kind green eyes, straight nose in a shadowy face, his lips twisted into a quizzical bow.

They kissed for a long time in the darkness. Slowly his body melted and settled into hers, his tongue exploring deep inside her mouth, his knee tucked between her thighs, his chest rising and falling against hers as they breathed together.

She thought of undressing him. Surprised, he looked down and watched her long and perfect pink nails sliding down his faded T-shirt. She was so beautiful. He would never get used to her.

She rolled him onto his back and straddled him. Then she grabbed the hem of his T-shirt on either side, lifted it up, and smoothed her small hands up his bare chest. Just as in Shane's car that morning, her admiration for his body would have embarrassed him except that it gave her pleasure and heated her blood. His blood heated with hers.

"Your turn," he said, running his fingers underneath the cups of her bikini top. She shuddered at his touch. Slowly, seductively, she unhooked the top and pulled it off, exposing her perfect br**sts. Then, without turning around, she tossed the top over her shoulder. It rang a small basketball goal in the corner of his room.

"Score!" he exclaimed.

"Only if you have a condom," she deadpanned. She winked at him. The extra drama provided by her false eyelashes set his skin on fire.

"I do." He propped himself up on his elbows and looked into her eyes, searching for a bead on whether she really wanted to do this. She gazed steadily back at him. She was sure. She was scared, but she was sure.

To prove it, she unbuttoned his jeans and pulled his waistband until he helped her take his jeans and boxers off. He tugged her bikini bottoms down her thighs. All their clothes discarded, she eased on top of him again and massaged his hard length first with her hand, then with her power.

"Oh my Lord," he breathed. Every second he thought his euphoria was too good to withstand, and every second he felt even better.

She felt the same way. As he watched her in the dim light, her pupils dilated, her brown eyes turning black.

He twisted underneath her and leaned over to peer into the top drawer of his nightstand. Reaching in carefully-Shane's Glock was in there too, loaded now-he pulled out a condom packet. As he tore it open, he explained, "I bought them when we stopped for gas in St. George. I had high hopes for this day, and things are finally looking up, despite the argument, and the head trauma, and the escape from the fortieth floor."

She laughed nervously, watching him put the condom on. He tried to put her at ease and felt a little like a dentist making small talk over the sound of the drill. "Seriously, did you ring that goal on purpose?"

"If I said no, I wouldn't be a very good magician," she joked, but he hadn't taken her mind off what was about to happen. She watched his hands. Her breath came light and fast.

Slowly he rolled on top of her. Even more slowly he slid into her. She wrapped him in her power. His body was ablaze with his power and hers, her arousal and his own.

He grabbed both her hands and set his forehead against hers as he stroked inside her. "They were right to keep us apart," he whispered.

She giggled between gasps of pleasure. "If we'd figured this out, they wouldn't have been able to keep me away from you."

"No. And I would not have done my homework."

His joke didn't get the laugh from her that he'd wanted. Instead, she thought of the night seven years ago when he first asked her out, and her parents said no and took away her power. Her homework had been reading Romeo and Juliet. She was afraid her story with Elijah would end the same way.

"Baby, don't go there," he coaxed her, brushing her curls away from her face. "We'll be okay. We have each other's backs now. They won't be able to tear us apart again."

He braced himself above her and stroked her harder, trying to get her mind off everything but their bodies and their power. It didn't work. She felt as euphoric as before, but she was thinking hard about their future together. If they did survive, she wondered what the sex would be like when they were older and their power began to fade. She bet it would still be excellent. Power was delicious, but she had wanted him before, when he was only smart and funny and kind, with his hair in his eyes.

"I love you, too." He kissed her mouth and thrust into her until they both were high.

Afterward he knitted his fingers into her thick hair and kissed her again, a long and thorough kiss of appreciation. He trailed more kisses high across her cheekbone and toward her hairline, following the smear of glittering makeup.

"I'm so sorry about this morning," she said huskily.

"Me too," he said between kisses.

"Powers make everything so complicated. We always have to remember why we liked each other in the first place in high school."

"Yeah." He wound one of her long curls around his finger.

"I wish this hadn't happened," she said, "and we could just lie here, and do it, and talk about rock bands, and the casino, and our lame parents, and the awful food in the high school cafeteria."

He laughed. The high school cafeteria food had been truly awful. But he didn't understand the rest of what she was saying. "Really? You wish this hadn't happened? You wish you didn't have power?"

She frowned. "I wouldn't want to go back to thinking I was crazy. Having power is definitely better than that. But the Res or the casino or both are about to pin us like insects on a board. I wish I could go back to fourteen and start over. You could ask me to the prom, and I could go, and I would never float up to my parents' living room chandelier." She shuddered as he moved one finger along her collarbone. "How about you? Wouldn't you rather start over?"

He shook his head against the pillow. "I always felt like half a person. Now I feel whole. You deserve a whole man."

Her brows went down. She believed he loved his power, but she didn't believe the reason had anything to do with her.

Then she remembered he could read her mind. Her dark eyes widened. She had screwed up everything again.

"No, you didn't," he grumbled. "Come here." He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her on top of him.

She nestled against him with her head on his hot chest, listening to his heart. She wanted them to stay just like this, but something was about to change. They'd freed themselves from the drug, they'd escaped from the casino, they'd found each other in all this-and it was too good to be true. It couldn't possibly last. Kaylee would lock them both up. Apart. Holly squeezed her eyes shut and felt tears forming at the corners as she listened to his heart beating.

It sped up. He felt it, and he felt Holly feel it. "God, Holly," he said through gritted teeth, "don't think stuff like that."

"Oh, Elijah, I'm so sorry." She pictured glitter and fairies to counteract the voice of doom inside her head.

He laughed.

She rolled away from him. "I'll go in the other room."

"No." He caught her hand and drew her back. "Stay with me."

With one more apologetic look, she settled on the bed again. She lay on her side, one slender arm curved under her head. Elijah took her other hand and held it on his chest, rubbing her palm softly with his thumb. She didn't have an arm left to hold him, so she used her power to wrap him in a physical sensation of being held, strong at first, fading by degrees as the static grew louder and she fell asleep.

Her lips were parted, her eyelids heavy under the dark false lashes and swirls of eye shadow in green and silver and black. She looked like she would open her eyes any second and perform feats to the delight and amazement of the crowd, not like she was warm and comfortable and totally gone in her boyfriend's bed.

He watched her, really studied the heavily made showgirl compared with the fresh-scrubbed girl he knew was underneath, and felt possessive and glad he was one of the few people who ever saw her that way anymore, because she was his. His. She was safe in light sleep, in the calm before her dark and dangerous dreams, and he relaxed.

He woke in a panic. Eight people were coming for him and Holly. One of them was Kaylee. She thought they could handle Holly now that they knew what to expect. But mind readers were always volatile, and the security guards were terrified of Elijah.

The feeling was mutual. Elijah scrambled out from under Holly's nude body and jerked open the bedside table drawer to grab Shane's Glock.

Suddenly he changed his mind.

"Elijah, what is it?" Holly shrieked.

The bedroom door burst open and banged against the wall, off its hinges. One woman and five men in casino security uniforms reached for Holly, dragging her from Elijah while she screamed. Elijah's muscles tensed to fight for her, but he changed his mind about that, too. He caught one last look at her face, eyes wide with black anger and fear, before the guards muscled her out of the room. He hadn't made a single move to help her.

And then he knew why. Kaylee stood in the doorway. She concentrated hard on willing Elijah away from Holly and away from the gun in the drawer. Their eyes met, and they stared each other down. Elijah knew if she lost her concentration on him for a fraction of a second, he would sense it, and he could reach for the drawer.

Mr. Starr, decked out in a sequined bodysuit and cape, his right hand in a cast, pushed his way past Kaylee into the room. Now Elijah sensed a wall between himself and the bedside table. There was no way he could get the gun now, with mind control and telekinesis against him. He sat paralyzed on the bed, hating himself, sensing the lust of the guards shoving Holly naked down the hall in front of them, her terror, all fading as they walked out of his range. His head throbbed.

"What the f**k did you do to my daughter?" Mr. Starr screamed hoarsely at Elijah.

"What did I do to her?" Elijah repeated. He resented that Mr. Starr's opinion of him had entered his mind. Elijah had raped his daughter, defiled his daughter, made her think she wanted it, because under normal circumstances his daughter would never have voluntarily spread her legs for this mind-reading f**kup.

Carefully controlling his rage, Elijah cleared his throat. "At least I didn't drug her for seven years."

"You-" Mr. Starr began. In his fury, face bright red, he sputtered to a stop.

Suddenly Elijah decided to put some clothes on. Simultaneously he sensed that Kaylee was changing his mind, making him put his clothes on. Holly was God knew where by now with five strange men and she didn't have any clothes on. That knowledge did nothing to diminish the urgency of Elijah's task. Getting dressed was his number one priority. Without much concern that he was showing his naked ass to the people standing in the doorway, one of them his girlfriend's father and the other his girlfriend's roommate, he rolled off the bed and found his jeans on the floor. Then his T-shirt-no, he should go to his dresser and pull out the green one, because it made his eyes look prettier.

He turned around and glared at Kaylee for putting that idea in his head.

She shrugged and grinned at him in embarrassment. "Sorry."

He pulled the shirt on and looked in his closet for shoes. He should put on running shoes but-no, the flip-flops would be better. What did he need to run away from these kind people for? Kaylee giggled in his mind.

With a sigh, which was all he could manage in protest under Kaylee's power, he preceded them out of the room and walked down the hall, into the living room.

The six guards who'd taken Holly were draped backward across the chairs and sofa, unconscious.

"Oh God," Kaylee murmured. "I never thought she could do something like this. Or would do something like this. Tia?" She bent over the female guard, whom Elijah knew as one of his mom's dealers. "Did you read anything off Holly? Where is she going?"

"A nightclub," the guard groaned. "That crazy tranny club. And then Hoover Dam."

Elijah dashed to the open front doorway and stopped there-an invisible power blocked his way-but he arrived just in time to see Holly, naked save for her high heels, slam the door of Shane's car. Uh-oh-Elijah's fingers found Shane's car keys in his jeans pocket. But Holly didn't need keys. She lifted the car an inch into the air and sped down the street.

"You go, girl," he whispered.

His hand flew to the sudden excruciating pain in his neck.

"Peter, for God's sake, let him go," he heard Kaylee saying as the hot Vegas afternoon in front of him faded to black. "We need him conscious to help us track Holly down. Let him go or I'll make you."

Elijah's last sensation was of falling to the floor.

Holly muscled Shane's car through the side streets of Vegas at maximum speed without breaking the law. It would not do to get pulled over-not when she was missing the car keys and was lifting and propelling the chassis with her mind. Not when she was nude. She wished her hair were longer by a foot or two so it would cover her completely, Lady Godiva-style.

Unfortunately, she didn't have the power to grow her own hair to fabulous lengths instantly, and she needed coverage. Her hands shook on the steering wheel, but she was trying very hard to think logically through what she was about to do. Kaylee had Elijah in custody by now, and she wanted Holly too. Holly would have liked to think Kaylee would let them out of captivity after she solved her bigger problems, as she'd said in her office. But who knew how long that would be? Another seven years?

Hell no.

So Holly was headed to Hoover Dam to stage her own impossible feat of physical stamina. Tourists would watch her. News crews would film her. The publicity would give her a platform. She would be in the public eye, the ultimate threat to the casino and the Res. She would report all of them and have them nabbed by a mysterious government agency, never to be seen again, if they didn't leave her alone and let Elijah go.

If they'd feared she would overshadow her dad's magic act at the casino when she was fourteen, they hadn't seen anything yet.

But public relations in Vegas walked a fine line between X-rated and family friendly. Clips of her performance of derring-do would not be shown on the local TV news if she was naked.

She rounded the last residential block and set Shane's car down in the back parking lot of Glitterati, just where Rob's cop car had been that awful night. A few other cars told her some staff members were here to ready the club for opening. She crouched behind the wheel, eyes on the back door, working up her courage to streak. One, two, three.

She dashed across the asphalt in her high heels, the hot wind streaming cheekily across her bare bu**ocks. She jerked open the door, stepped inside, and slammed it behind her. In Vegas, jovial naked seemed less suspicious than skulking nakedly about. She called down the corridor and into the club, "Cher! Diana! Marilyn! It's Holly Starr. I need a favor!"

"In here."

Holly dove in the direction of the voice, through an open doorway. She almost backed out of the room again in alarm because she didn't recognize Marilyn Monroe at first glance. He was hunched over a computer in the corner of the dressing room, only half done up. His makeup was finished and his hair was pasted back, but he hadn't put his blond wig on, or his padded bra. He wore only boxers decorated with cat-eye sunglasses and lipsticks and stars from Hollywood's Walk of Fame. But the most surprising thing of all was that when he spoke, he used his man voice. "Why, Miss Starr."

"Hey," Holly said, waving casually, keeping the other arm plastered over her ni**les. "Whatcha doing?"

"I was just googling 'perfect ten.' "

Holly felt her cheeks coloring. "Oh, ha-ha, you're sweet." She edged over to a costume rack against the wall. With one arm still pressed to her br**sts, she raked through the hangers with her other hand. She pulled out a low-cut silver sequined minidress. "Would you mind terribly if I borrowed this? And I can't promise I'll return it completely intact, but if I don't, I'll pay you back, I swear."

Marilyn waved her concerns away. "Oh, honey, don't worry. It's vintage, and the lining is ripped."

"Thanks." Holly turned her back-which didn't really work for her modesty, she realized belatedly, because her bottom was also naked-and wriggled into the dress.

"The way we party around Vegas, I've heard of a lot of bad days after," Marilyn called, "but this takes the cake."

"Yeah, I've had better." Holly skittered across the floor toward Marilyn and turned her back again. "Zip, please."

Marilyn's warm fingers pressed the edges of the dress together, zipped it up, and fumbled with the clasp at the neck. Holly relaxed a little under the familiar and friendly hands of a fellow showgirl.

"There. Beautiful." Marilyn patted Holly's ass. "How about some underwear?"

"Oh, no thanks," Holly said.

Marilyn's nostrils flared. "See, you people are all the same. Trannies are dirty, right? You could never borrow underwear from a tranny."

"I would not borrow underwear from my own mother," Holly said honestly. She leaned forward to kiss Marilyn's cheek-possibly the last time she would touch another human being alive. She thought she could fake walking a tightrope across the canyon at Hoover Dam, but it would have been better if she'd had time to work up to this stunt. "Wish me luck."

Marilyn's voice softened at Holly's touch. "Sure, hon. Where are you off to? Big performance?"

"Turn on the local news in about forty-five minutes."

"Really?" Marilyn asked. "You're going to flash Channel 13?"

"I sincerely hope not. Bye, and thanks!" Holly clopped out of Glitterati and toward Shane's car, newly confident in her formfitting spangled dress, ready to put on a show.

18

Holly had been a beautiful baby. By that time Lanie had already dyed her own hair blond. She said she looked more like a showgirl that way. Whoever heard of a brunette magician's assistant? But Peter had liked Lanie's hair brown, and when Holly was born with a mass of brown curls, it was like having the old Lanie back again in miniature. They took every Monday off from the show and had a picnic at Lake Mead. Lanie was afraid of keeping baby Holly out in the sun too long. She slathered Holly in sunscreen. Her excuse was that they had to think of Holly's future career, and a career as a high-profile magician started with tight and supple skin. They couldn't risk sun damage. Of course, Lanie wasn't nearly as concerned about appearances as she let on. That was just for show, to keep up the casino act. Peter knew what the fuss was really about. She was overprotective of Holly, always thinking of the first baby she had lost.

But he was content to let Holly sit on the beach as long as she wanted. She was fascinated by the large-grained sand worn from the surrounding mountains, tiny rocks every color of the rainbow. She would scoop up a handful, examine it sticking to her fingers, and wash it off by waving her fat hand in the inch of water lapping at her baby toes. Strange that such sand, like a billion gemstones, could come from the dun-colored mountains. Strange that he'd likewise found Lanie among the monsters at the Res, a powerless farm girl drawn in by magic. He'd rescued her and built a beautiful life with her under Mr. Diamond's protection and created this beautiful baby.

And now the Brown kid would be the death of Holly. He'd known it ever since the night Holly got her power and then this kid got his and stormed into Mr. Diamond's office. The kid would have torn the place down if Peter hadn't taken him out. Peter had never said this to Mr. Diamond or Jasmine Brown-though they'd probably read it from him anyway-but he'd always hoped this kid would do himself in like his f**ked-up father, before he got his paws on Holly.

"Thanks a lot." Elijah's face was stuck to the black leather seat of the limo. He pushed himself off with shaky forearms and sat up, head throbbing with Mr. Starr's vitriol in his head. Adding insult to injury, Mr. Starr sat directly across from him, staring him down, eyes glittering like the sequins on his magician get-up, deliberately waking him with his hatred.

Next to him sat Kaylee typing furiously on a laptop. She glanced at Elijah. "You okay?"

"I'm perfect, Kaylee. Thanks for asking."

She shut the laptop. The limo bumped into the back parking lot at Glitterati and parked across the spaces. She left one foot in the car and stepped outside onto the asphalt with the other high-heeled shoe, blocking Elijah's way if he had chosen to escape, which of course he didn't. He'd been thinking about it, but then he changed his mind. She looked back at Mr. Starr. "Don't hurt him."

"Who, me?" Mr. Starr asked with his hands up.

Mr. Starr watched Kaylee disappear inside the building, then turned back to Elijah, who met his steely gaze. But Elijah was beginning to think he should look away and kowtow. This was, after all, the man who had now twice caused Elijah to pass out in the blink of an eye. If Elijah and Holly were somehow able to get out of this mess and continue to date, he and Mr. Starr were going to have to talk about this before Mr. Starr caused Elijah permanent brain damage, maybe even short-circuited his mind-reading ability.

Elijah didn't kowtow fast enough. Mr. Starr wielded his right hand as if he would smack Elijah with it, bandage and all.

And then he did smack Elijah-with his power, not his hand-a hard blow on the cheekbone that nearly turned Elijah's head around, yet echoed tightly through the limo like a bitch slap.

"I told you to stay the f**k away from my daughter!" Mr. Starr roared.

Elijah had wondered last week whether Mr. Starr's threats still mattered seven years later. Now he had his answer.

"And I told you that's bullshit," Elijah said.

Mr. Starr gripped Elijah's throat, pinning him against the seat. Elijah watched blackness seep into the edges of his vision.

The pressure lifted. He grabbed his throat protectively, panting.

Kaylee opened the limo door. She glared at Mr. Starr. "Play nice."

"Fucker," Mr. Starr said.

"We have to get past this," Elijah said, voice gravelly. "We can't do this in front of the kids every Thanksgiving."

"Shut up!" Mr. Starr and Kaylee both told him.

The limo was off again. Kaylee opened her laptop. She had a headache of her own from changing minds. A drop of sweat tracked from her platinum-blond hairline down the side of her face.

"Working hard in there?" Elijah asked.

Kaylee pulled a DVD from her pocket. "The security cameras filmed Holly coming in. Marilyn Monroe thought she'd finally hit the jackpot. She had the TV tuned to the local news, hoping Holly made a spectacle of herself. Then Marilyn was going to sell the nudie preshow."

Mr. Starr used his power to lift the DVD from Kaylee's fingers. He broke it with a ping into eight perfect pie-shaped pieces. "This is your fault," he told Elijah.

Elijah ignored him. He turned to Kaylee. "You were at Glitterati that night. You're the one who changed Rob's mind when he was going to hit me. Why didn't you stop Holly from giving me a pill? If you think I'm so bad for her, why didn't you keep her away from me?"

Kaylee shrugged. "I don't think you're so bad for her, necessarily. I think you two could be great together, if you didn't manipulate her like a mind reader, and if she didn't attack you like a levitator, and if you both stayed out of the Res."

"That's a lot of ifs," Mr. Starr grumbled.

"But the night at Glitterati," Kaylee said, "it seemed easier to give you what you wanted, in a controlled environment."

"That is, where you could control everybody's mind if you had to," Elijah said accusingly.

"That is, where I could keep Rob from kicking your ass."

Elijah's pride took over. Usually he wasn't one to flaunt his musculature, but at some level he'd always been aware and a little turned on that he'd stolen his ex-roommate's potential girlfriend. Besides, he'd just been slapped by Holly's father. He said, "Rob's not so tough."

"Rob is a sheriff's deputy," Kaylee said matter-of-factly. "He's always packing."

"Maybe you should enlist his help, then," Elijah said. "Are we the only ones in pursuit of Holly? This is seems awfully fly-by-night. Can't you call for backup?"

"I have a small army of security at the casino, yes," Kaylee said, typing on her keyboard again. "But I have only a handful of people who know about powers. They have low-level power themselves, or they're married to people with power. Folks who won't blab. And almost every one of them is lying unconscious on the floor of your house, thanks to Holly. That is one angry girl."

"She's scared," Elijah said, throwing an accusing look at Mr. Starr.

"She should be," Kaylee said, "if she's headed where we think she's headed. The Res is just beyond Hoover Dam."

Elijah went cold. "Can't you ask Mr. Diamond for help?" His voice cracked.

"Yeah." Mr. Starr turned to Kaylee. "Can't you ask Mr. Diamond for help? I think this finally rises to his level of interest, don't you?"

"Mr. Diamond hasn't been as involved lately," Kaylee replied, typing.

Elijah sat back and rested against the seat, watching the Strip fall away and the barren mountains crawl closer. The limo wound up to Boulder City, where workers had lived in the 1930s while building the dam, and down through deep red canyons. Holly must have been terrified to propel Shane's car underneath these canyon walls. Her power sent her into a panic when it encountered anything overhead too large for her to hold up.

All the while, Elijah monitored Kaylee's mind, planning his escape. He would grab Holly at the dam and run away with her, somewhere neither the casino nor the Res could find them-Mexico, Europe, an island paradise. Elijah had saved a lot of money working at the casino. He hadn't spent it all on college. Unfortunately, it was in the casino credit union, where Kaylee could erase it. But that didn't matter. He and Holly would make more by setting her up in her own show as a magician.

He only needed to wiggle out of Kaylee's grip. She had changed his mind about trying this. But he knew she had changed his mind, and that was half the battle. If she let up for just a second, he was free. Provided Mr. Starr let him go, too.

There was definitely a way out of this. There had to be.

Finally the limo rumbled around the last curve and emerged from the crevice blasted out of the solid red rock. Elijah was riding backward, so he slid to one end of the seat and turned around to see the top of the bright dam appear out the tinted windows.

He knew Hoover Dam was big, but it was hard to gain perspective on exactly how huge it was until he saw something familiar against it for comparison. Holly, for instance, hovering in front of the vast expanse of concrete, her shining hair whipping around her shoulders in the wind, her sequined silver minidress glinting in the setting sun.

"She is going to be the death of the casino," Kaylee breathed. "She's not walking a wire! She's not even pretending she doesn't really have power!"

"She must have run out of Kleenex," Elijah said.

"Nice form," her dad said. "All those ballet lessons Lanie made her take are finally paying off."

"Is her power strong enough to fight these winds?" Elijah asked. "She may have grabbed a dress from Glitterati, but I seriously doubt she's wearing underwear."

Kaylee and Mr. Starr looked at him uneasily.

The limo rolled to a stop at the side of the road nearest Holly. They couldn't have gone any farther if they'd tried. Holly had parked Shane's car half blocking the right lane. Traffic edged around it on the narrow road-or stopped completely, staring at the beautiful girl walking in midair. Tourists lined the guardrails along the near side and the top of the dam. They pointed at her and snapped pictures.

"At least she's not carrying her purse this time." Kaylee told Mr. Starr, "You look a bit conspicuous, Peter, but I'll change the crowd's mind about asking you for an autograph." She turned to Elijah. "The Res may have beat us here. They'll try to take her. As we walk through the crowd, tell me if you see any of the people who ambushed you in Icarus. Or anybody else you know."

Elijah didn't understand what she meant, and he couldn't get clarification by reading her mind. Flashing through her head in quick succession were the faces of his boss and all his coworkers in construction at the casino. "What do you mean, anybody else I know? Why?"

"The Res knew you were going to Icarus," Kaylee said. "They knew you were coming back. If they're here now, they had a good idea Holly would be here. There's someone on the inside, listening to your minds. I just haven't figured out yet who it is. Maybe one person who knows both you and Holly."

"Shane," Elijah said.

"Sligh?" Kaylee's blond brows arched. Elijah felt a whirl of emotion in his chest, Kaylee's anticipation of seeing Shane again, before she cut it off and shut Elijah out. "Not Shane," she said in a businesslike manner, as if Shane were only an employee. "I'd know if it were Shane." She and Mr. Starr opened their doors on opposite sides of the limo and started to step out.

"Wait," Elijah said.

They stopped and watched him expectantly.

"Since saving Holly is our ultimate goal, wouldn't both of you work more efficiently if you let go of me?"

"No," they said together. They got out of the limo. Elijah stubbornly stayed put, then changed his mind. He slammed the door and followed Kaylee closely through the crowd. Her slender shoulders in a black suit stood out among the tourists in T-shirts and tank tops, on vacation at one of the man-made wonders of the world, thrilled to have stumbled upon a real-life Vegas spectacle they could tell their friends about back home. Keeping one eye on Holly still taking dainty steps in midair, Elijah listened to the thoughts of the crowd, all he could gather, until he gave himself a massive headache. But he didn't hear anything about the Res.

And then, as he and Kaylee and Mr. Starr rounded the corner in the sidewalk and stepped onto the dam itself, parallel with Holly's course across the canyon, Elijah said, "There."

"I see her," Kaylee said, gesturing to April, tiny on the far end of the dam, her red hair glowing. "If she wants to help the Res out, she has to be sneakier than that. Step one would be to dye that damned hair. And look, there's Carter beside her. Don't go any closer or April will change our minds."

"I didn't mean them," Elijah said. He nodded toward the muscular uniformed sheriff's deputy sauntering along the guardrail, moving the crowd aside as he walked so he could get the choice view, keeping perfect pace with Holly. "I meant Rob."

Holly had no choice but to move forward now, placing one high heel in front of the other as gracefully as possible as she hovered hundreds of feet above the Colorado River. But she wished she'd planned this illusion more carefully. She'd forgotten how the canyon walls loomed overhead on the winding road just before the dam. She'd barely kept Shane's car afloat while quelling her own panic until she got past that seemingly interminable section. She'd been beat when she arrived here, only to realize she had nothing to pretend to walk across.

So she'd just hiked herself over the concrete guardrail-careful not to expose her naked nether regions-and started walking as if she had a tightrope. She hoped it would never enter anyone's mind that it wasn't really an illusion. She was just a young upstart magician striking out on her own, trying to upstage her father as number four on the guidebooks' lists of the ten biggest mysteries of Las Vegas. She was about to make it to-woo-hoo-number three.

The hot wind gusted hard against her, making her teeter on the edge of nothing, and causing the crowd pressed against the guardrail to gasp-including Elijah, Kaylee, and her dad, with a bandaged hand. She couldn't let them distract her now. She peered down at the blue water churning white so far below her at the base of the dam. She wished again for a real cable she could have extended across the canyon downstream. In its absence, she had to stay closer to the dam than she liked in order to give her power something within range to cling to. The wind howled against the concrete wall.

In the end, it was the wind that did her in. The wind and her lack of underwear. Another gust threatened to blow her micromini straight up. She yanked her skirt down, lost her balance, and fell. Her stomach left her. Above her around the guardrail, the crowd screamed.

She was still close to the dam. She could have used her power to prop herself up at any point. But if an imaginary wire was a stretch for the crowd to believe, an imaginary safety net would be worse. She let herself fall.

The wall of the concrete dam whizzed by her. More concrete structures and the turbulent water zoomed up at her. Logically she knew she should keep falling to the bottom and pull up at the very last second to make the stunt look like a real spill. She could claim later that the fall was real, and that her survival had been miraculous.

But she'd had full power only twenty-four hours. She didn't quite trust it-not now that she had someone to live for. Heart beating wildly, she slowed herself in midair. Not enough to stop herself and rouse the suspicions of horrified onlookers, but enough to reassure her that she could protect herself when she neared the bottom.

An unseen force pushed her downward, speeding her up again. Saving herself did not seem like a good idea. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught the briefest flash of Violet the levitator and Nate the mind changer standing on the concrete wall of the dam at river level. Then she smacked hard into the cold water.

Elijah clawed his way through the crowd so he could see Holly hit the river. She came up almost immediately and seemed to be swimming as the current swept her downstream. He let out a shaky sigh of relief.

Then he heard footsteps running behind him. All the pedestrians had pressed themselves against the guardrail to watch Holly. Rob had shoved his way back through the crowd and was dashing toward his sheriff's deputy car, which was parked just across the street from Shane's car and pointed in the right direction to chase Holly down the river.

"Kaylee!" Elijah grabbed her elbow. "We have to get Holly before Rob does!" Even as he shouted this, the siren on Rob's car wailed. Traffic parted for him. The car disappeared over the hill.

Mr. Starr reached them, squinting against tears. "I think I saw two of them below the dam. One of them must be a mind changer, since they got through Homeland Security. They took off down the service road in an SUV. They probably have her already." He wailed to Kaylee, "What am I going to tell Lanie?"

Kaylee reached up to put her hand on his shoulder. "Tell her we did our best."

"What?" Elijah barked. "You're going to let them have her?"

"Yes," Kaylee said with a tone and a look that told him to keep his voice down. "As I said, we're shorthanded, and there's nothing the three of us can do against the Res."

"But-" Elijah stopped short. He changed his mind about arguing with Kaylee. He knew Kaylee had done this to him, but he couldn't struggle out from under that shroud.

"It's not the end of the world," she told both of them. "Maybe we can figure out a way to get her out of there sooner rather than later, but we can't go barreling in there now. They'll take us all. We have to regroup and think about this. We need to wean more teenagers off Mentafixol to help us. That's a week each, if their parents even allow it after they hear what happened to Holly."

Kaylee turned to Mr. Starr. "Go back in the limo. Lanie is good at thinking up cover stories. Have her make up something to say to the local news about Holly. You suspect she's alive, she just disappeared like a good magician's daughter, and you have every confidence she'll reappear. Something that will dissuade the police from dragging the Colorado for her body. Something that doesn't incriminate you but piques the public's interest in your act and the casino. This is no time to melt into a puddle. We need to keep the casino going and the show going and the money coming in. The Res is making a push, and we need all the resources we can get to fight them. Okay?" She pulled Mr. Starr closer and whispered something Elijah didn't catch, but the feeling behind it was reassurance. False reassurance.

Elijah watched the two of them. They didn't touch each other in a romantic way, but they did pat each other's shoulders as they talked, and they stood very close. It was his psychology training rather than his mind-reading ability that told him Kaylee and Mr. Starr were related somehow, even though they looked nothing alike.

They walked together to the limo, Mr. Starr's cape billowing behind him, sequins twinkling in the setting sunlight like the last remnants of his vanished daughter. Kaylee leaned through the door of the limo to retrieve her laptop case. As the limo departed, she returned to Elijah.

"Do you have Shane's keys?" she asked.

He nodded. He resisted following her, then changed his mind. He slipped behind the wheel of Shane's Catalina, which Holly had "driven" there. He cranked the engine with a roar and pulled into traffic.

"When you reach the highway, go south." Kaylee nodded at the far side of the canyon. "Across the bridge."

"There's nothing over there but Arizona," Elijah protested.

"We don't want to take the same route back to Vegas as Peter," she said, "in case the Res has any surprises left for us. Peter and I shouldn't be in the same place. He would need to take over the casino if something happened to me. God help us all." Her words ended in a mutter. She opened her laptop on her knees like the discussion was over.

"What about Mr. Diamond?" Elijah asked.

Ignoring Elijah's question, she explained, "We'll drive down to Bullhead City, cross the river there, and come back up to Vegas."

"What? That will take three hours!" Elijah exclaimed.

Kaylee's fingers tapped the keyboard. "It doesn't matter how long it takes, because we're not going after her."

Kaylee was right. Elijah had changed his mind about saving Holly. He pulled the car onto the access road, headed back toward Highway 93. Twilight descended on them, accelerated by the dirty canyon walls around them. He flicked the knob to turn on the headlights.

As the car climbed the canyon in endless switchbacks and finally crossed the bridge, Elijah calmed himself enough to think clearly. And that meant he could separate what he wanted to do, go after Holly, from what Kaylee made him think he wanted to do. He was still under her power. But he knew he was under her power. If he could coax her to lift her power just for a second, maybe he could get out from under it.

"Rob," Elijah said.

Kaylee jumped, startled at his voice, and could have kicked herself for jumping. "Yeah," she said. "I didn't see that coming."

"How could you miss it?" Elijah didn't hide his exasperation with her.

"I'm a mind changer, not a mind reader," she defended herself. "But he must be a mind reader." She huffed out a sigh. "When I first met him a couple of weeks ago, I thought he was perfect for Holly. I really liked him. He said all the right things. Of course he's a mind reader. I can't believe I didn't see it." Darkness was falling fast, but she gazed out the window at the inky mountains as if there were still a view.

"My mom said people with power don't drink," Elijah said. "Rob is a lush."

"A lot of us pretend to drink," Kaylee said, "because it gives us an excuse for bad behavior. We have a hard time blending in with regular people." She shook her head. "It all makes sense now. His first date with Holly, he brings her over to your house, right?"

"Right."

"Then he acts all weird, makes lewd comments, shoots a hole in your ceiling, scares her so bad that she jumps out the bathroom window."

"Right."

"The next night, you ask her to meet you at Glitterati, and there's Rob. You know what he did to her in the parking lot, right?"

"Right," Elijah said, feeling sick.

"Every bit of that was a ploy to get a reaction from you and a reaction from her. That's what mind readers do. They mess with people so that their minds start spinning, which unlocks their secrets. That way he could read you, learn about your relationship, and use it against both of you. I hate mind readers." She shuddered and folded her arms as if the eighty-degree evening had made her cold.

Elijah nodded, but he could hardly see the road anymore. His mind was too full of Kaylee's terror and the horrible explanation of what Rob had been up to. Rob had insulted Holly repeatedly, even attacked her in his mind, just to read where Elijah's thoughts went in response. Undoubtedly he'd seen how strong Elijah's feelings were for her.

Then Rob had attacked her physically. But Elijah didn't agree with Kaylee that Rob had been trolling Holly for information at that point. He knew Elijah like the back of his hand after a week of living with him, and in attacking Holly, he'd upped the ante with Elijah. Now Rob must understand with the certainty of sunny weather in a Nevada summer that if he captured Holly, Elijah would come.

"But what is Rob doing this for?" Elijah asked.

"Isaac and I used to talk about his diabolical plans to take over the casino from Mr. Diamond." Kaylee's tone was sarcastic, but her fear of Isaac made Elijah grip the steering wheel harder. "He said nobody knows where powers come from. We're all so terrified of being discovered and jailed or killed that we don't dare investigate our origins with too much enthusiasm. But the families with powers who end up in Vegas are originally from all over the place, which suggests that there are a lot more of us scattered around the country, even the world.

"Isaac said if he watched the news carefully, he bet he could pick out the mind readers and mind changers and levitators. And those are just the powers we know about. There might be more. Whatever powers people had, these folks would try to blend into society, but sooner or later they'd get themselves in trouble in a spectacular way, and the event would get written up in the news."

"And he could go recruit them?" Elijah asked.

"Exactly. Imagine how easy that would be, if Rob was isolated in Chicago without knowing anybody else with power, or even knowing that a group of us existed, and Isaac came to him and said, 'I can do what you can do. You're in trouble, but my friends and I can get you out. Come with me and we'll be millionaires.' "

"But what kind of trouble?"

"That's just it. When Holly first introduced me to Rob and said she wanted to go out with him, I researched him. He did graduate from high school and the police academy in Chicago, and he did work for a short time as a Chicago cop. He does work for the Clark County Sheriff, and he hasn't gotten in any trouble that I could find."

"Google 'Chicago subway station bomb.' "

"Okay," she said dubiously, her fingers flying across her laptop keyboard again. "You think he blew up a Chicago subway station?"

"I think he saved a Chicago subway station. The police caught the terrorist. The terrorist wouldn't tell them where the bomb was. Rob read his mind."

She whacked a key with finality. "Oh, shit, you're right. See?" She turned the keyboard toward Elijah so he could view the screen, which was difficult while he was negotiating the winding road up the mountain. "No, wait." Disgusted with herself all over again, she remembered that his brain registered whatever she was reading.

She scanned the online news article about a bomb that had been set by terrorists to go off during rush hour in a crowded downtown station. An unnamed police officer had saved countless commuters by locating the bomb at the last minute, as if by magic. At the time of publication, the police department had no coherent information about how the police officer had made this discovery.

"I'll bet his bosses started to get suspicious," Kaylee said out loud to Elijah. "They had no evidence to tie Rob to the terrorists, but he couldn't tell them how he'd known where the bomb was. Just when they started to turn up the heat on him, Isaac appeared to save him from himself. Isaac and the rest of the Res banded together to help get Rob a job as a sheriff's deputy down here, despite his being blackballed in Chicago. That was smart, because we all assumed he was a good guy until it was too late, and cops naturally have access to all sorts of information that the rest of us don't.

"Then Isaac sent Rob into the casino to snoop. He heard us thinking about taking you and Holly off Mentafixol. He found ways to get close to both of you. He moved in with you, and he asked Holly out."

Elijah set his jaw. "That won't work anymore, though. He can only use our minds against us if we let him."

"There is no 'let' at the Res," Kaylee said. "Put you and Holly together at the Res, with those bullies egging you on, and you won't stand a chance. I've seen that happen so many times there. Couples fall in love. Then they hurt each other. I mean physically and mentally and emotionally hurt each other as badly as a person can be hurt. That's why we're not going after her. I can't risk losing both of you to the Res and making things worse for Holly there."

"What are we going to do then, Kaylee?" Elijah shouted. "Why don't you just hire some sharpshooters to go to the Res and pick these people off?"

"It is extremely difficult to get rid of a body," Kaylee said. "Extremely difficult."

Elijah got the distinct and unnerving impression that Kaylee had some experience with this.

"People start talking," she said. "The Res doesn't want to attract attention. And I don't want bad PR. If customers are scared to come into our casino because they think it's run by murderers or witches, we've all lost our ability to make a living in a safe environment."

"I don't care about that shit," Elijah insisted. "We can't leave her out there. That's not an option. I can't let Rob put his hands on her."

"I guarantee you that is going to happen before we get back to Vegas," Kaylee said.

Elijah felt like murder. "Consensually?" His voice broke.

Kaylee swallowed and took a long breath. "With mind changers thrown into the mix, it's so hard to say where consent ends and force begins."

"And you're abandoning her to that because of PR?" Elijah demanded. "Why, Kaylee, why? What is so important about PR, more important than Holly?"

And suddenly it flashed into Kaylee's mind, so it flashed into his. "You found Mr. Diamond dead, and you're afraid the whole casino will fall apart without him."

"Don't you dare!" she shrieked. "Get out of my mind and don't you dare tell anybody what you know. The casino can't show weakness. The Res will take us over in a heartbeat!"

Elijah let Kaylee's words pass over him like the dust over the Pontiac. He concentrated on her mind. The louder she shouted, and the more flustered she got, the more the blinds she'd pulled down over her thoughts inched upward.

"Just try me," she dared him.

Elijah relaxed against the seat and let the headlight beams blur in front of him. He tugged at the blind. It didn't budge. But it was still a millimeter up. He peeked underneath. He saw her struggling. She should let go and change his mind now. Change his mind about reading hers. That would protect her. But if she did that, she'd have to abandon the blind keeping him out, and in that moment he might see something he could use against her, such as-

"Holly is your half sister," he said.

As her body jerked in astonishment, he stomped the brake and hauled the steering wheel to the right. The tires screamed in protest and a cloud of dust filled the car. He opened the door and dove out. The car was still moving. The heels of his hands hit sharp rocks and he tumbled into the dirt.

He got up and ran for his life and Holly's. He knew he wouldn't get far. He was wearing flip-flops, and the dark landscape was littered with scrub. He only hoped to stay far enough away from Kaylee that she couldn't control him. But even that was futile. Before he'd gotten more than a few yards away, he changed his mind about running.

The headlights cut his legs in half and stretched his shadow all the way to the distant barren mountains. The car stopped beside him, engine rumbling. Kaylee left the driver's seat and scooted back into the passenger side.

He put his hand on her door and leaned down to talk to her. "You're scared to go back to the Res," he said gently. "You would do anything to save Holly except go there yourself."

She looked down at her hands. "No, you're right." She sniffled. "They'll probably catch us both, but I couldn't live with myself if I left her out there without even trying to save her. Let's go."

Elijah bounded around the car and slipped behind the wheel. He stomped the accelerator and sped back toward Holly.

Kaylee muttered, "I hate mind readers." She took something out of the pocket of her suit jacket and handed it to him. "Here."

He peered at the object in his palm and then the road and then the object by turns in the dim glow from the headlights and the stars. It appeared to be a jawbreaker covered in powdered diamonds, with TWO MILE HIGH CANDY CO. stamped on it.

"Uh-oh," he said. "What's this?"

"A very high dose of Mentafixol," she said. "Take that and your power will be erased permanently."

"Why are you giving it to me?" He tossed it back into her lap like a live grenade. Then he realized he'd rudely thrown it at her crotch, but damn. "Kaylee, don't change my mind and make me take this pill. That's morally wrong on so many levels. You can't do that to me."

She handed it back to him. "I'm not going to make you take it, Elijah. I want you to take it on your own. Your life and Holly's will be hell from now on. The Res will sic you on each other and use you against your own parents, everybody at the casino. If you take this pill, they won't be able to use you at all, and they won't have nearly as much fun manipulating Holly."

"Talk about hell!" he exclaimed. "Why would I want to live my life without power?"

She shrugged. "It wasn't so bad before, was it?"

He looked over at her. He couldn't see her face clearly in the night, but he could feel her thoughts. She knew the answer to his question. A wave of guilt washed over her, and she looked away.

He peered at the pill in his hand again. He rolled it along the lifeline in his palm. "It's like a spy movie. You're giving me arsenic in case I'm captured."

"I've lived at the Res, Elijah. You haven't." For a split second, she opened up her mind to him and let him see what had happened to her. A split second of violation in the hot dark.

19

Holly didn't wait to find out whether Violet and Nate were hurt. As soon as the SUV stopped tumbling and crunched to a stop upright, she broke open the hatchback with her mind, jumped out on her high heels, and ran. She tripped over a low bush. Stumbling, she wondered whether she could fly? She could, propelling herself forward with her toes inches from the ground, but her mind was even more tired and sore than her body. She set herself down and ran again.

As her eyes adjusted to the dark, she realized she was on a dirt road. Rounding a curve between cliffs, she saw a weathered sign for a subdivision.

Meadgate

The Gate to Lake Mead

Civilization, thank God! And just beyond the sign was a two-story rock house of recent design with perhaps ten cars parked in the yard, dust trembling underfoot from the cranked-up bass beat of a rock song.

With her eyes fixed on the glowing windows, she didn't notice three teenagers sitting in lawn chairs in the road until she was only a few feet from them. She stopped short, unsure whether she should warn them about the crazies from the SUV somewhere in the darkness behind her. These kids were only fifteen or so. Maybe they lived in the Meadgate subdivision.

They glanced over at her with bored expressions. One of the girls said, "Hey, Holly." They turned away from her and gazed off the road, where the shoulder tumbled into a canyon.

"I've got one," a boy said.

Holly heard screeching close by, echoing against the canyon walls.

A second boy opened his hand. A cigarette lighter floated into the air in front of him and flicked into flame of its own accord. It zipped toward the screeching and illuminated the source, a small bat flying erratically as if held in place and struggling to free itself. The flame touched the bat and licked across its skin. The bat screamed.

"Birds are easier," said the first boy. "Bats aren't as flammable." He turned to Holly. "Did you wreck the SUV? Do you think you could gather up some gasoline for us? That would help."

"I've caught another one," the second boy called over the screams of the bat.

Holly wanted to run. Her whole tired, aching body drew taut with adrenaline and the need to escape, but it didn't seem like a good idea. As she walked toward the house, the girl's eyes followed her.

Reaching the yard full of cars, Holly thought again about escape, searching the darkness for what lay beyond the lone house. But as quickly as the idea entered her mind, it left again. A twentyish man lounged in the driver's seat of a car, watching her pass, as she yanked open the door of the house.

"Holly!" called a woman's voice. The dark room was crowded with people, but in the red glow from a lava lamp, Holly recognized April's red hair. She sat on a couch. A man's hand was between her legs. "We thought you'd never get here," April said.

Leaving was not a good idea.

"Hello, Holly." Rob was right behind her in the doorway. He moved even closer to let Nate and Violet in behind him. They were miraculously unhurt. Violet must have protected their bodies in the tumbling SUV, the way Holly had protected her own.

The heat from Rob's body sank into Holly from her shoulder blades to her butt to her calves. She could feel the hard shapes of his cuffs, his gun, whatever equipment was on his police belt. He set his chin playfully on her shoulder. Close enough to her ear that she could hear him clearly over the thumping music, he whispered, "Welcome to In Medias Res."

Hitting him was not a good idea.

Talking to him was a good idea. "This is the Res?" she asked. It looked more like a middle school Halloween party.

"Harmless, right?" He chuckled as he walked around her body to face her. "I can only imagine what ridiculous stories Kaylee told you about us. Come into the kitchen. You must be hungry."

He took her by the hand. Following him was a good idea. They made several attempts at dodging around a couple making out violently in the doorway. Finally they stepped into the spacious marble-tiled kitchen, a suburban dream with stainless steel appliances and vaulted ceilings.

Rob opened the refrigerator. The sudden bright light played across his handsome features and made the remnants of a black eye jump out at Holly from a few steps away. The goons had done that to him. She had ordered that attack on him.

"Don't feel bad." He looked up from the refrigerator and poked out his bottom lip at her in sympathy. "I scared you at Glitterati. That was my fault."

"You did more than scare me," Holly seethed.

He nodded. "Your parents were still drugging you. You weren't ready, and I jumped the gun. I'm sorry, Holly. All I ever wanted was for us to be together. To feel good together." He put his shoulders back in the refrigerator and brought out a large bakery box. "Other parties have a keg. We have a cake."

"Really?" she asked. "I thought you were more of a keg man."

"What?" He looked at her blankly. "Oh, the drinking! Yeah, mind readers have to do that sometimes. We're under this crush of other people's thoughts all the time, you know? It makes us act a little crazy. Pretending to drink gives us an excuse." He set the box down on the marble-topped island. "Cake?"

She peered into the box at the white icing sparkling with sugar. "It probably has Mentafixol in it."

Rob laughed shortly. "We wouldn't do that to you, Holly. The casino does that. We don't." He took plates out of a cabinet and forks out of a drawer and cut them both big slices of cake. "Hey, you're tired, and you're wearing heels. Hop up on the counter to eat this." He made a motion as if to lift her on both sides of her waist.

She used her power to keep his hands off her.

"Why can't I touch you?" he asked, sounding hurt. "Why are you embarrassed?" Then he threw back his head and laughed. "You're not wearing underwear? You're so funny, Holly."

She smiled up at him. Rob was charming. His delivery was off, though, as if his comedic timing were on a two-second tape delay.

"Tell you what," he said. "I'll stand in front of you so nobody else will see." He jerked his thumb over his shoulder at the shadowy den through the doorway. "And I'm too much of a gentleman to look."

He put his hands on her waist. A thrill rushed through her at his warm touch. This was a good idea. He lifted her onto the counter, biceps bulging from beneath the short sleeves of his sheriff's deputy uniform. She sat with her knees together and her ankles crossed. He handed her a slice of cake and took a bite of his own. Hesitantly she took a bite too. Mmmmm.

"So, I realize you might not want to stay long," he said between bites.

"Want to stay?" she asked. "I thought I didn't have a choice."

"Of course you have a choice," he said, mildly outraged. "You can walk away right now if you want." He stepped out from in front of her and gestured grandly toward the doorway. "Oh, wait, sorry, I forgot about your underpants." He edged back in front of her and made the grand gesture again. Then he straightened and took another bite of cake. "We do want to talk to you, because we think we're right and the casino is wrong. But we know they've been very heavy-handed and abusive with you, and we don't want to drive you away by making you think the same of us."

"Abusive, how?" she asked suspiciously.

His brown eyes widened. "Gosh, Holly, they've drugged you with Mentafixol since you were fourteen. They told you that you were crazy. They made you think your power was a bad thing, and that it was all your fault!" He pointed at her with his fork. "And do you know why they did that?"

"No, I really don't." She was angry all over again. Maybe he did have an explanation that made sense, because Kaylee's sure didn't.

"You're a lot stronger than your dad," he said. "And a lot stronger than your half sister."

"I don't have a ha-" The cake stuck in her throat. She coughed and coughed and coughed, embarrassed that she was coughing up cake in front of Rob.

He had perfect manners. He handed her a napkin, then stood over her with a glass of water at the ready, waiting for her coughing fit to stop.

"Kaylee," she whispered, feeling hot tears form at the corners of her eyes.

Rob nodded, watching her with concern. "And you know, they say sisters share everything."

She could tell from his tone that he was hinting at something else. This time she didn't get it.

"You saw them all watching you at the dam, right?" he asked. "Your father, and your half sister, and your boyfriend? And none of them came to help you."

"They didn't!" she exclaimed. In the past day she'd become so accustomed to relying on herself that it hadn't occurred to her to expect help. But yeah, it would have been nice for them to pull her from the Colorado River, instead of Nate and Violet. It would have been nice for them to rescue her from the Res, if Kaylee was truthfully so freaked out by the idea of it.

"But what are you saying?" Holly asked, putting her fork down for the first time. "That Elijah and Kaylee ... ?"

He sighed and looked away. "I know. I'm sorry to tell you. You don't have to believe me. But you guessed at Glitterati that they might get together. You wondered why Kaylee didn't want to get together with Shane. And now you can't understand why Elijah is mean to you and tries to control you, after everything you and he have"-the kitchen was lit only by lava lamps, but Holly could still see him blush as he talked about this delicate subject-"done."

"Elijah was in on the whole thing?"

Rob nodded.

"He was never on Mentafixol?" Her voice escalated to a shriek.

Rob flinched and shook his head.

"Why the f**k did he take me to Icarus, then?" Holly was angry, but she made a mental note not to say f**k around Rob anymore. He was a gentleman, and he seemed sensitive. There was no need to take this out on him. After all, he was not at fault.

"To give you an adventure," Rob said, "so he could seduce you, and you'd be more likely to do what he and Kaylee and your parents want. But don't feel bad." He set his empty cake plate down on the counter. "They drugged you and lied to you for seven years, and you had no life. None. Of course you wanted an adventure. What girl wouldn't?" He put his hand on her knee.

Holly set her own cake plate aside and looked up at Rob. She remembered how much she'd liked him when she first met him, and why. He was handsome and fun. He was strong and official in his sheriff's deputy uniform. He was perfect.

And then the sparkling sensation started. Not the sparkles she felt when she was levitating. This was more like what she imagined Elijah felt when she massaged him. The sparks started at her knee, under Rob's hand, and extended up her thigh. Maybe Violet was doing this to her, or some other levitator she hadn't yet met-but it wasn't a good idea to wonder. It was a good idea to enjoy. Maybe Rob was making her feel this way himself, the first true love she'd ever felt: love without an aftertaste of suspicion.

"This is just an idea," Rob said, his voice velvety like chocolate. "The Res is open to anyone with power. We're especially interested in you, though, because you're so strong. You could be the key to a lot of us getting out of abusive relationships and families like the ones you've just escaped. If you started your own magic act at the casino, and some of us helped you climb to the top with various things we could do for you ... think how much control we could have almost overnight!"

"That's a great idea!" Holly said with gusto. That would serve her dad and Kaylee and Elijah right. It was almost like Rob could read her mind.

Wait a minute.

"We-and some other people from the Res, of course-we could run the casino so much more smoothly than they do. Isaac would be a lot better man in charge than Mr. Diamond. I'd handle security like Kaylee never dreamed of. Your act would be a million times sexier than your dad's. The casino would be flashier. We would set the bar for the rest of Las Vegas. We would attract a younger crowd and rake in the cash. It's time for Mr. Diamond and your dad and Kaylee to go out and for us to move in." Rob moved his hand from her knee up the inside of her thigh until it stroked dangerously near her crotch.

A sensation like fire followed his hand, and Holly squirmed toward him.

"What do you say?" he whispered, bending down, his lips very close to hers.

She looked up at him. His eyelashes were impossibly long. But there was something strange about his brown eyes, something missing ... and then she realized what it was. When she'd thought about wanting Elijah, Elijah's pupils had dilated. Now, as she thought about wanting Rob, Rob's pupils stayed small. As she thought this, they flickered slightly bigger, then shrank to normal.

"I have more experience than Elijah does," Rob explained, "and better control." His words were full of innuendo, but maybe that was just Holly's dirty interpretation, because his tone was completely innocent.

And then he kissed her. His mouth was sweet. She opened her lips for him and kissed him back and wrapped his body in every erotic sensation she could imagine, causing herself to sparkle in turn with power and lust. His fingers crept into her. She arched to meet his hand, and he finished what he had started five days before.

"Oh, Jesus, what has that girl done now?" Kaylee exclaimed. And when Kaylee exclaimed, Elijah had learned to listen. He stopped Shane's car behind the black SUV that had abducted him in Icarus, upright but smashed as if it had overturned.

They both jumped out of the Pontiac and ran toward the SUV. Elijah's heart pumped wildly. He dreaded what he would find if unflappable Kaylee was this upset. He stopped at the back corner of the SUV, heart exploding, hoping this was not the last moment of his life he would think Holly was alive. He jerked the hatchback open.

The SUV was empty.

"They all got out." Kaylee walked toward him from the driver's door. "But this is clearly her work. She's here at the Res, and she was angry when she got here, which is a good sign. Let's leave Shane's car here, for the sake of stealth. That thing would wake the dead."

They hiked up the dirt road, passing a sad sign for a neighborhood development long abandoned:

Meadgate

The Gate to Lake Mead

Only one house in the development had ever been built, it seemed. From what Elijah could tell by its bright windows in the darkness, the house itself looked like something in a brand-new Vegas suburb. Rock music shook the foundation. Trucks and cars and Rob's sheriff's deputy car were parked anyhow in the dusty yard.

"This is the Res?" Elijah asked doubtfully.

"This is the current Res, so I understand," Kaylee said. "It moves around. If it didn't, after a few years the surrounding farmers would start to wonder where all their teenage daughters were disappearing to."

"Like Holly's mom," Elijah said.

"My mother, yes." She shook her head as they approached the house. More quietly she explained, "My dad managed to escape. He took me with him. He was pissed because my mom had taken up with Peter by then. I guess I should be glad my dad got me out, but he was a lousy father. Drunk. Trying to drown out his power. I didn't understand that then, though. The instant I got my own power, I ran away. I lasted a few months on the streets of Vegas before the Res found me. When a kid with new power is confused and angry, the Res knows exactly what to look for and what to say to reel her in. Oh-" She tripped, and Elijah caught her elbow just before she fell. She kicked the object in the road that had tripped her. "For the love of God, those little shits have been out here setting fire to animals again."

Elijah kept walking after her, but his gaze lingered on the singed body of the bat in the road-more than one, now that he strained his eyes to look for them. He counted five. His skin went cold with fear for Holly.

As they reached the first few cars parked outside the house, he realized he'd better steel himself for what he would find inside. "How many people are in the Res, anyway?"

"I'm not sure how many there are now," Kaylee said. "I haven't been here in a year. But back when I was here, there may have been thirty total. Fifteen here at any one time. They come and go because they have school and jobs. Some even have families." She looked at him. "Fifteen is still more than two."

"Then what's the plan?" Elijah asked, hoping there was a plan.

"We'll rush up and kick in the front door," Kaylee said. "Can you do that while I cover you?" She waved her pistol in the air.

"Sure," Elijah said. He'd kicked in Shane's door at UNLV that morning, but it had been standing half-open to begin with. He'd never kicked in a closed door. He'd never seen it done, except on TV. He was beginning to change his mind, and Kaylee hadn't even touched his brain. "Sure."

"We have to surprise them," Kaylee said. "I'll change their minds about changing our minds. If I can strike first and paralyze them, we might have a chance against them. We can snatch Holly and run." Probably not, Kaylee was thinking, because she wouldn't be able to hold that many minds for long.

"Okay," Elijah said, trying to shut out her thoughts and stay confident they could do this. But one more very strong image slipped through, one he didn't understand at all. "Why are you obsessing about the meat freezer for the restaurants at the casino?"

Among the parked cars, she stopped and turned to him. "If you make it out and I don't, you need to get Mr. Diamond's body out of there before the restaurants use up all the boxes of veal cutlets."

"You hid Mr. Diamond's body behind the veal cutlets?"

"I told you, bodies are very difficult to dispose of." She put her finger to her lips and tiptoed the rest of the way to the front door of the Res. She raised her eyebrows at Elijah, asking him silently what he read from the people inside.

He could sense many minds within his range, but he couldn't read a thing. All the shades were drawn. "Blocking," he mouthed.

That didn't seem right to Kaylee. They shouldn't be blocking if they didn't know Elijah was coming. But maybe they were blocking to protect themselves from each other. She was just being overly cautious, looking for an excuse not to go in. And she would go in. She positioned her pistol at the ready and held up one finger to Elijah. One, two, three.

He kicked the door in-

-and fell through the open door before his foot even touched the surface. He hit the floor hard on his shoulder and looked up into the faces of ten people he'd never seen, three of the four people who'd tried to kidnap him in Icarus, and Rob-who didn't take off his gun belt at the Res like he had at home.

"I can't believe you didn't see me," Carter announced, pushing Kaylee through the door ahead of him. "I was behind the Meadgate sign, waiting for you guys, and then I warned the Res you were coming with my special telepathic communication device!" He waved his cell phone in the air.

"Dangermouse," said Rob. "Welcome." He held out his hand and helped Elijah up from the floor.

Elijah looked around for Kaylee and searched for her with his mind. She was in a group of her own, people who knew her, some who liked her, several who disliked her very intensely. All of them feared her. They touched her and kissed her on both cheeks and her forehead.

Then one guy drew her close. He looked unassuming, a few years older than Elijah, with a goatee and a vintage bowling shirt and faded jeans. But Elijah received a strong evil vibe from him, matched equally with lust for Kaylee. His name was Isaac and the Res was his. As he kissed Kaylee hello, Elijah felt her heart fluttering so fast she might pass out. She'd never been so frightened in her life. She was powerless to change minds, because April had beaten her to it.

"Hand me her Beretta," Rob called to the group, "just in case."

Kaylee opened her palm. Rob took the petite Beretta she offered him. He checked the safety (he was capable of doing this and not shooting a hole in the ceiling, Elijah noted) and handed the gun to Isaac, who pocketed it as if it were a pen or a dollar bill. Isaac draped his arm around Kaylee's shoulders. Elijah felt its weight along with her terror. The group led the way down the hall and shut a bedroom door behind them.

Elijah tried to slow his own breathing, and he pictured window blinds drawn down over his own thoughts. "What did you do with Holly?" he asked Rob.

Rob waved through an archway to the kitchen, where Holly sat on the countertop in her silver sequined minidress, between the stainless steel refrigerator and the microwave. Her thick mascara had run down her cheeks, and her dark hair had dried in strange waves. Scowling at him, she looked like a different person.

"You can have her," Rob said.

Elijah took a quick step toward Holly before he heard what Rob had said. Then he stopped and faced Rob again. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, go ahead," Rob said. "Nobody's going to change your mind, Elijah. Take my girlfriend and run if you want."

"My girlfriend," Elijah corrected him.

Rob smiled. "Remember you stole her from me. And now I've won her back."

It was a trick. Elijah knew this, but he couldn't very well take Rob's word for it. He walked through the archway, toward Holly, with his hand out to her.

He hadn't even reached the island in the center of the kitchen when she knocked him backward. He flew through the air for a split second, flailing to find a hold on something, and came to a gut-wrenching stop with a searing pain in his back. The sky was falling. It took him a moment to realize he'd broken a door with his body and now sat on the floor of the pantry with cans of kidney beans rolling into his lap.

"What did Rob do to you?" he yelled at her, outraged through the pain.

Her mind told him. Holly was no good at blocking, if she even tried. He saw what Rob had done to her and what Rob had made her think about Elijah and Kaylee. He felt what she'd felt.

Rob stepped in front of the closet, obscuring Elijah's view of Holly. He said quietly, "I don't think she wants to go with you, Dangermouse. For some reason she thinks you've been cheating on her with Kaylee. But you're welcome to leave without her. Or you can stay. Either one. We have cake."

Rob crossed the kitchen and eased his uniformed hips between Holly's knees. She'd been watching Elijah with no expression on her face. Now she closed her eyes and opened her mouth for Rob's kiss.

Elijah looked around him at the lovely suburban house from hell, high ceilings shadowy, reflecting the colored glow of lava lamps and plug-in strobes. He heard an angry shout from Kaylee down the dark hall. Her voice quickly cut off, and the throbbing music filled the space where her voice had been. He recognized April straddling Carter on a sofa in the den. Several other couples made out in corners, seeming oblivious to him. They didn't ignore him, though. The secrets of their minds were shuttered tight, but they were hyperaware of Elijah's position on the floor and his thoughts about Holly.

Despair and nausea pretty much covered it. Holly had had perhaps an hour's head start on him at the Res, and in that hour, Rob and his friends had convinced her to throw Elijah across the room. What would they put in her head before the night was over? What would Rob make her do for him? Elijah couldn't leave her, anymore than he could leave the eerily silent Kaylee in the back room.

He had to get them out of there.

He jumped up from the floor, and immediately regretted it. His entire back would be bruised from the force of breaking the door, and lengths of jagged wood poked and scraped him as he moved. He felt like a hunchback monster as he crossed the kitchen, a voyeur as he stood behind Rob, watching him make out with Holly.

"Hey!" Elijah shouted stupidly.

Rob didn't turn to look at Elijah, only stepped out of the way. But Elijah caught a glimpse of the amused smile on his profile just before the room went black.

He was still conscious. Or he'd lost consciousness only for a second. His head throbbed from Holly's punch. He sensed Rob bending over him, and a levitator whose mind felt familiar. The one who'd come after him in Icarus. Violet.

"My gosh," Rob said, "is he okay?"

"I don't know," Violet murmured. Elijah's field of vision filled with her face, a beautiful girl with black eyes. She cried, "For God's sake, Holly, whatever he did, does he deserve to die for it? You're going to kill him!"

The direction of power had shifted in the room. Elijah sensed that the mind changers had let Holly go. When Violet moved out of the way, he saw Holly still sitting on the counter, horrified by what she'd done to him, confused about whether his affair with Kaylee was real.

It's not, Elijah wanted to tell her, and I'm okay. But he changed his mind about calling to her.

Violet helped him sit up against the kitchen island. "Poor thing," she cooed. "Did that mean old levitator hurt you?" She was thinking it was fun to invite new friends to the Res and turn them against each other. She watched his expression change as he received this message from her, and she smiled with satisfaction. Then she kissed him.

He drew back, then changed his mind and kissed her, deeply. He wove his fingers into her black hair and pulled until it hurt her. She chuckled against his lips, amused at his small show of resistance.

The door slammed. Elijah no longer sensed Holly's despair. She was gone.

Violet sat back on her heels. "You'd better go after her. Can you stand? Man, she really coldcocked you." Pouting, she stroked his injured eyebrow hard enough to make him wince. Then she stood and held out a hand to help him up. This was a levitator's joke. Without ever touching his hand, she pushed him up from behind. "Good luck out there."

He swung through the back door and tromped through the small circle of porch light, past the patch of gravel that served as a yard. The house was perched at the edge of a cliff-small wonder this lovely planned community had never sold-and Holly peered into the chasm, sequined dress glinting in the starlight. Elijah sensed other minds in the shadows, controlling his every move.

But nobody touched Holly's mind now. They'd done their work on her for the moment. Now they allowed her to drown in her own confusion and guilt. Hearing his footsteps across the rocks, she whirled to face him, panicked that someone was coming for her. When she saw it was him, she rushed toward him for a hug.

He put up his hand. "Don't touch me!" he shouted. He was not possessed, but that's what it felt like with mind changers inside his head, telling him what to say.

She stopped short. She wished she could see his eyes, his pupils, but his face was in shadow.

"You think I'm sleeping with Kaylee?" he yelled at her, voice breaking. "After everything we've been through together, you've just gotten here and your new boyfriend makes you come and then convinces you to beat the f**k out of me?"

"I'm sorry!" she cried. "They made me. They changed my mind. Like they made you kiss Violet just now."

She waited for him to acknowledge that kissing Violet had not been his choice. He wanted to acknowledge this, then changed his mind.

She started to panic. Either Rob had been right and she'd never had Elijah, or she was about to lose him because of something she'd done. She had no idea which. "You don't understand-"

"I understand everything," he spat at her. "I can read your mind, remember? I heard every filthy thing you wanted to do to Rob when he was standing between your legs in the kitchen."

"Elijah!" She reached for him. "That was-"

"I told you not to touch me." He stalked back to the house. Through her eyes he saw himself retreating toward the lights, limping a little. As the distance grew between them, her despair faded. He wanted to turn and run back to her and tell her he hadn't meant any of it. Nate still controlled him from the shadows, willing him forward into the house.

Violet met him at the door. "Elijah! You're white as a sheet. You're shaking! Rob, they made him sick."

Rob stood behind the kitchen island, eating a slice of cake. "Aw," he said between bites, never looking up from his plate.

"I need a minute," Elijah whispered to Violet. He focused on his nausea. He had to get to the bathroom.

"Sure." She pointed through the den, toward the hallway where Kaylee had disappeared. He caught a flash of real concern for him from Violet, some vestige of the girl she used to be, before she shook her head to clear it.

Rob caught the flash too. He looked up from his cake.

Elijah rushed through the den, ignoring the questions in the minds of the couples making out there. He thought only of nausea. In the hallway he could hear Kaylee shrieking, "Isaac, please! Just let her go and I swear I'll stay!" Her terror redoubled his nausea. He found the bathroom in the hall, closed and locked the door behind him, flicked on the light, and rushed to the far end where it would be hardest for them to read him.

Then he let go of the feigned nausea he'd drawn over his thoughts like camouflage. He had better let go of it if he was going to choke this horse pill down. He drew the huge pill out of his pocket and ran water in the sink to wash it down with. Out of the corner of his eye he noted dainty guest towels monogrammed with cursive Rs, as if this were a designer show house.

He cupped his hand under the faucet. The water gushed out of his hand and foamed around the drain like the Colorado churning at the bottom of Hoover Dam.

He glanced up at his reflection, his eyes looking unnaturally green against the green T-shirt Kaylee had picked out for him, his eyebrow split open and oozing blood from Holly's blow. He didn't want to let go of his power. But he'd brought Kaylee here, and the Res had caught her. He'd failed to protect Holly, and the Res had caught her too. He had gotten them into this, and he had to get them out. Disrupting the Res's plans by removing his power from the equation was the only way he knew how.

Elijah wasn't sure why his dad had taken his own life, but he wanted to believe his dad had done it to save his mom. Elijah didn't have to do that to save Holly. But he was willing. And he would definitely give up the one thing in his life that had ever made him feel alive.

The pill was sweet. He tried to swallow quickly, before the Res got wise to him and knocked on the door. The pill was too big. It stuck in his throat. For a second he wondered whether Kaylee had been pulling one over on him, a joke to see if she could make him give up his own power, the sort of Res mind game that she herself had warned him about. Just when his involuntary reflexes took over and he was hacking it up, it went down.

The bathroom door opened. Rob looked up from toying with the key in the lock, and his face fell. "What did you do?" he shouted at Elijah. "What do you mean, 'I win'?"

"I win," Elijah repeated out loud. Rob was about to lunge across the room at him, so Elijah lunged first.

They hit the hall wall with a thud and a crack of Rob's skull against the sheetrock. It hurt, Elijah read with satisfaction-and with pain, because when Rob hurt, Elijah felt it too.

But now Rob had leverage against the wall. He shoved Elijah away from him. While Elijah was off balance, Rob socked him in the eyebrow, exactly where Holly had hit him earlier-on purpose for maximum effect. Rob read that older pain.

Now the couples in the den crowded the hallway entrance to watch. Elijah expected any second to change his mind and let Rob beat the shit out of him. But apparently he and Rob were putting on too good a show. The frequent fights at the Res were left to run their natural course-until the very end.

Elijah turned to the shadowy face of Carter, who had thought this. "The very end?"

Rob punched Elijah in the ribs. Elijah doubled over with pain. Rob elbowed Elijah in the back of the head, just where Shane had hit him. Elijah reeled into the kitchen, sprawled on the marble tile floor, and slid to a stop in front of the broken pantry door.

Rob was running through the den toward him, bent on kicking him while he was down. Elijah reached through the broken door and pulled out a broom.

"Did I ever tell you lacrosse is for pussies?" Rob asked, rearing back with one foot in his cop-issue military boot.

Elijah timed his swing exactly as Rob's foot was about to reach him. Even Elijah was surprised when the broom handle broke over Rob's shin with the force of his blow. Dangermouse was angry.

With a groan, Rob fell to the floor and rolled back and forth, face red, gripping his shin. Elijah jumped up and slid a large white box from the island.

"Wait, that's cake," Holly called. She was sitting on the counter again. Nate lounged beside her in his cowboy hat, controlling her mind.

Elijah slammed the box down on Rob. It burst and harmlessly tossed white icing onto Rob's uniform. Elijah glanced around the kitchen countertops for something else to throw. A paper towel holder. A ceramic cookie jar.

Holly hadn't gotten the memo that spectators with power didn't interfere in these fights. She lifted a large kitchen knife sticky with icing from the marble-topped island and floated it to Rob, who grabbed it as he stood. He ran for Elijah.

Elijah threw his arms up to protect his head. The point found its home with Rob's first try. Elijah could hardly believe the pain in his arm, or the fact that he'd actually been stabbed.

As Rob withdrew the knife for another stab, he thought about what he was going to do to Holly later that night. With Elijah's powers gone, he wouldn't be as useful to the Res in manipulating Holly to help take over the casino. It would be harder to rein her in. An out-of-control levitator that strong would be a liability to the Res rather than an asset. So Rob would position his forearm across Holly's slender neck and bear his weight down on her throat. She would put both hands around his arm and try to push him away, but mind changers would make her think he was too strong and heavy. She would gasp hoarsely.

Elijah punched Rob in the side of the head to knock that fantasy out of Rob's brain.

Rob reached through the air to stab Elijah again. Elijah dodged an inch out of the way. The momentum of Rob's stroke sent him sliding across the floor. He came to a stop against the cabinets, Holly's high-heeled shoes hanging above him.

Elijah didn't want Rob anywhere near Holly with that knife-not when Rob was already planning to kill her. He dove for Rob, hoping to knock the knife out of his hand. But they read each other's minds, and neither of them could surprise the other. Rob held fast to the knife. Elijah gripped Rob's arm. They rolled across the tile, muscles straining. Rob put all his weight on top of Elijah. Elijah's bruised back would not help him dump Rob off. The point of the knife vibrated just above Elijah's eye.

People crowded around them as if they were a Vegas boxing match. Elijah felt their adrenaline and their fear, their skin tingling and their heads throbbing with power.

"Rob, we don't kill people like that," a girl called. "We can't let it look like a murder."

"Rob, what are we going to do with the body?" a boy asked.

"Change Rob's mind," Carter said.

"I'm not f**king changing his f**king mind!" April shrieked. The mere suggestion that she might change Rob's mind would propel Rob to get revenge on her later, and she was terrified.

The knife had almost reached Elijah's eye. He kept Rob's hands away with all his strength, but Rob literally had the upper hand and gravity on his side. Elijah could feel the blade against his lashes when he blinked. He could see the gleaming point shifting from orange to red in the light of the lava lamp, and beyond that, Holly's shadowed face looking gravely down on him.

"Holly," he gasped, "whose side are you on?"

Holly was on Rob's.

A boom sounded behind them, and then a sharp crack. Rob howled in pain. Elijah felt Rob's pain too. Rob's hand was hit. Elijah rolled out from under him just as the knife came down.

Beyond the crowd, Shane edged into the room, his Glock pointed at Rob. "Your pistol," he said. "Toss it."

Grimacing, Rob unsnapped his holster, placed his gun carefully on the floor, and shoved it with his boot. It spun across the floor and hit the island.

Shane kept his own pistol extended as he scooped up Rob's and pocketed it, then announced, "It doesn't matter if you change my mind. My brother is outside, just out of your range, with a shotgun pointed at you. My dad and my uncle are behind him with rifles."

In confirmation, several shots echoed outside. Bullets clattered against the rock exterior of the house. A window broke with a zing and a crashing of glass.

Shane walked up to April and holstered his pistol. "Oh, you want me to change my mind about keeping my gun out? Okay." He backhanded her across the face. The sickening sound echoed off the hard surfaces of the appliances. She fell against Carter. Shane followed her down, shouting, "Where's Kaylee?"

Everyone pointed toward the hallway.

"Fucking animals." Shane stomped out of the kitchen.

Elijah monitored every mind in the deathly still crowd. Rob's mind was loudest. He wanted to kill Shane. He'd wanted to kill Shane all week. He made a fist of his ruined hand so the pain seared through him, fueling his fury.

But the rest of them were more concerned for their own well-being. Elijah took a chance and rose painfully from the floor, his back throbbing, arm throbbing, eyebrow throbbing. None of the mind changers stopped him.

They'd abandoned their grip on Holly, too, but Holly didn't realize it. He approached her slowly, expecting her to throw him across the room again. She watched him warily from the countertop, furious with him for making her think he loved her when he'd loved her sister all along. But she didn't strike him.

He moved in until his hips bumped against her bare knees. He looked deep into her dark eyes. "All of that is a lie," he growled. "Come with me."

She didn't believe him.

He slid both hands onto her knees. "I will be very angry with you if you don't come with me."

She didn't trust him, but his pupils dilated to the edges of his green irises, which fascinated her.

He moved his hands up her thighs. "Come with me now, and you can always come back here later. They'll be waiting for you. Right, everybody?" He looked over his shoulder.

They were gone. He looked over his other shoulder. Every member of the Res had disappeared, leaving behind only the rock music and the strobe lights and a black puddle of Rob's blood in the corner.

Shane reappeared with Kaylee's limp body over his shoulder. "Elijah. Get Holly and come on." He ducked through the front doorway.

Elijah eased Holly off the counter. He thought she would resist him even now, but she grasped his hand and squeezed it as he pulled her out of the Res, into the hot night.

He held her hand tightly, afraid to let her go, as they hiked down the dirt road. Shane walked just ahead of them, Kaylee's platinum-blond hair bobbing against the back of his tux jacket. Her arms hung limp at first, but as Elijah watched she started to move, and in his mind he could feel her struggling back to consciousness, a burning pain in her temple. The pill he'd swallowed was taking longer to kick in than he'd thought it would. Around them in the night, Frank Sinatra and Shane's brother and uncle, all in tuxedos, walked backward down the road, long guns pointed at the front door of the Res, now shut against them. The crunching of gravel underfoot was the only sound.

"Put me down," Kaylee murmured against Shane's back. Gaining full consciousness, she shouted, "Shane! You pistol-whipped me and knocked me out, you bastard!"

Shane stopped, flipped Kaylee forward over his shoulder, and set her lightly down on the gravel. "I'm sorry. We were standing in a room full of people with power and I had to move fast. I didn't have time for you to argue with me or change my mind."

A crack came from the Res. A zing sounded very close to Elijah's head. A puff of dust rose from a boulder near him. Looking back, he saw Isaac walking toward them from the Res with Kaylee's pistol extended, still firing.

He raced toward the Pontiac, towing Holly by the hand. Shane's relatives passed them and hopped into Shane's dad's black Lincoln land yacht. The windows of the Lincoln lowered. Guns fired toward the Res as the car zoomed away. Elijah pushed Holly into the back of the Pontiac as Shane said inside his mind, You drive so I can cover us-only a whisper. Elijah's power was evaporating quickly.

Elijah slipped behind the steering wheel. Shane pointed his gun at the Res. Elijah had doubted how dangerous the Res was, but Shane had not. He'd never talked much about his past. Elijah wondered where Shane had come from.

"Mississippi, I told you," Shane said. "Drive!"

Elijah took off with a jerk of the clutch and a roar of the engine, eating the Lincoln's dust. Shane kept the Res in his sights until it disappeared behind a cliff.

Elijah heard Kaylee whispering in the backseat. Glancing in the rearview mirror, he saw her hugging Holly. Blood trickled from Kaylee's temple. She sucked in a breath. It came back out in sobs. She adjusted her hold on Holly, pulling her closer.

Shane didn't look in the mirror. He stared straight ahead out the windshield at the dark night, reading Kaylee's mind.

After a minute, Holly said quietly, "I was going to stay there at the Res, and be Rob's ho, and to hell with all of you. I can't quite shake it. I feel a little twinge of wanting to go back, even now."

"It's not your fault," Kaylee said. "They ganged up on you."

Hesitantly Holly put her hand on Kaylee's knee. "Thank you for saving me, sis."

"Thank Elijah," Kaylee said. "I wasn't going to save your ass. I told you not to leave my office, Pandora."

"You told me not to leave by the door." Holly leaned forward over the seat and kissed Elijah's cheek. "Thank you for saving me, Elijah."

"Any time," Elijah croaked. His throat was still sore from swallowing the pill, and he was beginning to feel dizzy.

Holly bounced into the backseat again. She was sorry. She was very, very sorry for what she'd done to Elijah, but they would have to discuss it when they were alone. In the meantime, she needed to thank Shane.

"You're welcome," Shane said.

"Shane!" she protested. "Why didn't you tell Elijah you were a mind reader a day ago, or a week ago, or, hey, a year ago, instead of acting all creepy about it and whacking him in the head?"

"Is that how you say hello?" Kaylee grumbled.

"I whacked him in the head because he interrupted my class," Shane said defensively. "And how do you read minds without being creepy? I would honestly like to know."

"I can't believe I've had a whole family of mind readers working at the casino under my nose," Kaylee burst out. "Do you realize how desperately I've needed you the past few weeks? Well, of course you do. You know everything."

"We didn't want to get involved," Shane said. "We're not interested in this Hatfield and McCoy shit you've got going on."

"Obviously you are," Kaylee snapped, "or you wouldn't be at the casino in the first place. Here's how it works. The casino gives you protection, a job, and all the money you can discreetly spend. In exchange, when we call, you answer."

"One," Shane held out a finger, "you do not give me all the money I can spend. I know for a fact I make less than Marilyn Monroe, and he opens for my act."

"When he tells you his salary," Kaylee muttered, "he's probably counting his tips."

"And two," Shane held out another finger, "there was nothing in the employment paperwork that said mind readers were supposed to sign in at the front office."

"Please," Kaylee said. "You read minds. You knew exactly what was going on at the casino the minute you walked in the door."

"If I did, I sure as hell didn't get it from you. You've got your mind closed tighter than a nun's eyes at a nudist camp."

He sounded awfully bitter as he said this. Elijah wondered how long it would be before Shane and Kaylee went to bed together.

Shane glared across the front seat at him. "Oh, you're funny." He settled farther down in the passenger seat with a frustrated sigh.

Something was wrong. Elijah was judging Shane's emotions by his body language and the tone of his voice, like a college graduate with a BA in psychology. Elijah's power had been shrinking and moving farther away from him toward a vanishing point on the dark horizon. It was about to disappear. Elijah could hardly read Shane's mind at all.

Shane turned sharply to Elijah. "What do you mean?"

"I'm not feeling well," Elijah understated.

Shane stared at him a moment, then looked over the seat at Kaylee. "He took a pill to save Holly from the Res. What was it? You gave him more of that Mentafixol shit?"

"He did what?" Holly exclaimed.

Keeping one eye on the road, Elijah watched Kaylee in the rearview mirror. Everything around him was fading from view, escaping gravity and floating slowly up like balloons in the darkness, but he had to concentrate. He was desperate to hear whether her story to Shane about the pill would be the same story she'd fed Elijah.

She formed one thumb and finger into a circle. "A bolus. He'll lose his power soon."

"Kaylee!" Shane roared. "What the f-"

A car horn filled Elijah's ears. After a while someone pushed back on his shoulder. The horn stopped. Now he could see the steering wheel, and he realized he'd slumped forward against it and leaned on the horn. He could see, he could hear Holly cooing worriedly in his ear, but he couldn't speak, couldn't move, couldn't feel what she was thinking. His power was gone.

20

"Oh God, what have I done?" Holly bent over Elijah outside the open driver's door of the car. "Oh God, oh God, Elijah, what have I done to you? Why are his eyes open? Can he hear me?"

Shane knelt next to her. "He's conscious. He can hear you. He just can't move."

"Is it going to kill him?" Holly cried.

"No." Kaylee knelt on Holly's other side and peered at Elijah. "It will just take his power away."

"Get it out of him!" Shane exclaimed.

"Ahhhhhh," Kaylee stalled, sounding unsure for the first time since Holly had met her. "How? Induce vomiting?"

"Not while he's in this state," Shane said. "Holly, you're going to have to get it out."

"I don't want to hurt him," Holly sobbed. That is, she didn't want to hurt him again. She touched the long stab wound on his triceps, white icing crusted around it.

"You have to," Kaylee said. "Shane's right, for once. It's either that or he'll lose his power forever. Help me, Shane."

Holly scooted out of the way while Kaylee and Shane rolled Elijah onto his stomach and turned his head to the side. Holly put her hand on his back-gingerly, because she must have caused him some serious damage slamming him through the pantry door-and visualized the large pill. Gently she moved it from his stomach up his esophagus to his throat, where it lodged. He made a strangled noise, his first sound since he went blank.

"He can't cough, Holly," came Kaylee's voice. "Pull it out before he chokes."

Holly gently pulled with her power. The pill popped into his mouth. Holly slipped her fingers between his lips and swept the pill out. "There now," she whispered to him. "This is not our finest moment, but it's over."

"Give me that." Shane grabbed the wet pill from her.

"Ew," Holly and Kaylee said at the same time.

He reared back and pitched the pill like a baseball. It disappeared into the darkness, but Holly heard it hit a rock on the nearest barren hill.

"You have no business giving that shit to people," he yelled at Kaylee. "How could you screw up this so-called withdrawal so bad?"

Holly gathered up Elijah and held his head in her lap. She stroked his messy brown hair while Shane and Kaylee hollered at each other overhead.

"And your idea of helping was to pack Elijah off to Icarus with your car and your gun and your blessings?" Kaylee asked.

"I gave him what he asked for. You're not supposed to mess with somebody coming off Mentafixol, right?" Shane said sarcastically. "And I figured better there than here."

"Right," Kaylee said. "Out of your hair."

"Away from Rob," Shane said.

"It doesn't matter now," Holly sobbed. "Elijah is all that matters."

"You're right," Kaylee said. "Let's get out of here."

Shane leveraged his shoulder under Elijah's belly and stood, groaning under the weight. He folded Elijah's limp body through the open door of the car. Holly started to step through the opening after him.

"Not you, girlfriend," Kaylee said.

"I'm going with Elijah!" Holly exclaimed.

Kaylee shook her head. "We'll drive back, but you need to hike, like you've finally pulled yourself out of the Colorado River."

"Ohhhh," Holly said. "How did I survive the fall into the river from my invisible tightrope?"

"Magic," said Kaylee. "There's a truck stop about a mile from here. They'll recognize you. I'll bet you're all over the news."

"You are," Shane said. "They've been interviewing your distraught parents."

"Poor Mom!" Holly exclaimed.

"I'll call her in a minute and tell her you're okay," Kaylee said. "The truck stop will call the police. The police will arrest you-"

"What?" Holly did not like this plan anymore.

"-because it was highly illegal for you to walk an imaginary tightrope across Hoover Dam without a permit. Just go with the police. When the reporters shout questions at you as the cuffs are put on you, like how you survived and why you don't have any cuts or bruises, just smile and look beautiful and tell the reporters it's magic."

"Kaylee-" Holly protested.

"You may get hit on in the holding cell. Just push the big women away gently. They'll tell stories around town about how you used your magical power against them, which will add to your mystique. In a few hours I'll come bail you out. In a few weeks there will be a hearing on whether to charge you. The judge will want to throw the book at you. I'll change her mind."

Holly nodded. "So this is how the casino works."

"This is how the casino works," Kaylee said.

"Do you enjoy your job?" Shane asked drily.

"I love my job," Kaylee said with gusto. "On days when everything works out, like this."

"You call this working out?" Shane shouted. "What about-"

Abruptly he stopped talking, slipped into the driver's seat, and slammed the car door.

"Kaylee," Holly said reprovingly. "Did you change his mind?"

"I have to ride all the way back to town with him. You don't." Kaylee kissed Holly's forehead. "See you in Vegas."

Holly leaned through the doorway and put her hand on Elijah, unconscious in Shane's car again, this time because of her. He'd given up his power to save her, the power that he loved, and she'd responded by throwing him across the room and giving Rob the knife to stab him.

Shane looked over the seat at her. "He'll forgive you."

As they drove away, Holly caught a flash of her reflection in the windows of the car. Her hair had dried in long, dirty curls. Mascara hollowed her eyes and streaked her cheeks. She was so bedraggled, she almost looked like a supermodel-or like a stylish, urban-chic magician's assistant she'd envied at another casino.

If she were somehow able to parlay her exhibition at the dam into publicity for her new act, the victory would be empty if there was something wrong with Elijah, if he lost his power permanently, if he were a vegetable, if he died.

She said a prayer for him. Not a single vehicle swished past her on the highway as she whispered hopes and pleas on his behalf, watching Shane's car speed down the flat highway that vanished into a point on the horizon glowing in the night.

Then she started walking.

21

Elijah couldn't close his eyes. He couldn't move. He couldn't think.

Shane parked his car in the employee lot at the casino. Two security guards muscled Elijah onto a stretcher and wheeled him onto the employee elevator. A long ride later they wheeled him off again, down a hall, into a hotel suite. They lifted him onto a bed.

In the next room, Shane said, "Go get some sleep, Kaylee. I'll stay with him until Holly gets back."

Holly peered at Elijah. Her face was a mess of makeup and dirt. Kaylee and Shane watched Elijah over Holly's shoulders.

"His eyes are still open," Holly mused.

"Yep," Shane said.

"Is he conscious?"

"Sort of," Shane said. "He's receiving. He's not processing."

"Does he have power?" Kaylee asked.

"No," Shane said, "thanks to y-" He stopped in midsentence.

Holly looked at Shane, then at Kaylee, then back to Elijah. "He looks dead. If he does wake up, he's not going to forgive me."

"Of course he is," Kaylee said. "He loves you. I've never heard of someone with power giving it up to save someone else. That's part of what makes the Res so ugly. Doesn't he really love her, Shane?"

"Yes," Shane said.

Holly asked Kaylee, "Are you making Shane say that?"

"No," Kaylee and Shane said at the same time.

Holly lay beside Elijah on the bed. Her face was scrubbed clean now. She reached out and touched Elijah's bottom lip.

Kaylee appeared in the doorway behind Holly. "Hey," she said.

"Hey," Holly said without turning around.

Kaylee lay down behind Holly on the bed, spooning her, and draped her arm over Holly's waist. "Any signs of life?"

"None. His pupils don't even dilate when the light changes. Is that normal?"

"I think so, just while he recovers."

Holly slid her hand away from Elijah's mouth. "I gather that it's considered extremely rude for you to change the mind of a person with power."

"Yes, and I would never have done that to you if I didn't absolutely have to-"

Holly put up her hand. "I understand. I'm just wondering, if it's so outre, why you keep doing it to Shane."

"Until yesterday," Kaylee grumbled, "I didn't know he had power."

"Now you do, and you're still changing his mind. Correct me if I'm wrong. I can't read minds. But you were in the same room for what? Thirty minutes? And I swear you stopped him from talking six different times."

Kaylee sighed. "I'm in a very dangerous position right now, Holly. Anyone I'm involved with is in trouble. I'm not going to endanger someone by getting into a relationship."

"Nobody said anything about a relationship," Holly pointed out.

Kaylee was quiet.

"I think you get off on changing his mind," Holly said.

Kaylee closed her eyes.

Holly shifted on the bed and looked over her shoulder at Kaylee. "So you're just going to keep brainwashing him every time he tries to talk to you?"

"Yes." Kaylee paused. "He's hot, though."

"He is." Holly turned to face Elijah again.

"Just like your vegetable of a boyfriend." Kaylee reached around Holly's shoulder and gently slapped Elijah's cheek as if to wake him. "We should give him a nickname, like Squash. Or-is he really long?-Asparagus."

"Aw, that's mean," Holly said.

"Don't worry," Kaylee said. "He'll remember this, and he'll get revenge on me when he wakes up."

Holly sighed. "If he ever does."

Elijah's mom sat in a chair in front of him, looking straight into his eyes. She stared at him for a long time, frowning, without moving. She gathered her long black hair into a ponytail and dropped it behind her back. She put her hand on his hand and stared into his eyes again. The strain showed on her face, and her eyes watered. She put her other hand to her temple.

Finally she dropped her hands, sat back in the chair, and began to cry.

"Guess what." Holly's face was very close to Elijah's.

She waited.

"My dad's been wanting to retire from the magician business," she said. "Kaylee thinks my dad is famous enough that nobody with power would dare cross him, and it's safe for him and my mom to leave town. So they're moving to Key West. After his hand heals, he's going to do a little act down on the pier with the locals, just to keep in practice. And guess who's taking over as the casino's headlining act?"

She waited.

"That's right, me!" she exclaimed. "We plan to milk the publicity for all it's worth right up until the height of the feeding frenzy, when I have my court hearing for trespassing at Hoover Dam and for crawling out a fortieth-story window and stuff. That night we'll announce that my dad is retiring and I'm debuting my solo act on the Fourth of July. We're scrambling to put it together, but luckily I've been thinking about it for a long time, and I have lots of ideas. For instance, what do you think of my outfit?"

She stood up straight, put her fists on her hips, and modeled for him. The frayed bikini bottoms were barely there, and the top had been ripped strategically.

"Something tells me it's a good thing you're comatose while I ask your opinion on this." She stepped out of his line of sight.

Then she stood in front of him again, this time wearing his red UNLV LACROSSE T-shirt, huge on her and knotted at her belly button, and very small gym shorts. She clicked off the lamp. Darkness fell. She slipped into bed, drew the covers over them both, and scooted close to him. She set her forehead against his and tangled her smooth bare legs with his legs.

Then the tingles began: a deep massage that started at the back of his neck and worked slowly down his body.

"I want you back, Elijah," she whispered against his lips. "I hope you come back." She sniffled, and her words quivered as she breathed, "I wish you were back."

Elijah woke. The soft pink light of dawn grazed his shoulders and came to rest like the lightest blanket on Holly. It caressed her features, so strange and young without makeup. It glowed in her dark hair coiled around her shoulders.

She slept, in a stage between dreams, what sounded to a mind reader like static.

Careful not to wake her, he rolled away. As he shifted his weight, he grimaced in surprise at the pain in the back of his arm, then felt for the bandage over the stab wound. He hadn't dreamed the whole thing, that was for sure.

He slid off the bed and got up to take a piss. It wasn't until he reentered the bedroom that he saw the wall of windows. It had been behind him the whole time he'd lain in bed, offering a panoramic view of the Strip. This must be the casino's penthouse.

He walked to the windows and looked out. Below him, traffic on the Strip was sparse for once. Palm trees lined lush gardens, and a few joggers dotted the sidewalks. Other mirrored skyscrapers surrounded the casino, reflecting each other's neon signs. The edge of the world was marked by barren mountains. A large orange sun peeked over them.

Elijah loved the view from up here.

He settled next to Holly in bed again, thinking back over the past day he'd been comatose, or two days, or five. He didn't know. He was sure only that he'd liked her outfit for her new act. It made her look like she'd been chased and nearly caught by a horny fire-breathing dragon.

He wound one of her long curls around his finger. "I do love you," he whispered.

She woke, slowly at first, dialing down the volume on the static of her sleep. She snapped alert when her eyes focused on him watching her. She hugged him hard with her slender arms and her power, full of joy that he was alive and well.

Holly sat in Elijah's lap when the radio on his belt called, "Two minutes to curtain."

"Two minutes to curtain," he whispered in Holly's ear.

In the week since the debut of her solo act, this had become their routine. As second in command of security at the casino and Holly's personal bodyguard, Elijah came to her dressing room before the show and inspected it for safety. Then she sat straddling him on the ancient velvet couch, and they inspected each other.

For instance, at the moment he was ensuring the safety of her ear, since she couldn't let him kiss her face and muss her dramatic makeup before a show. The sound of his whisper and the feel of his warm breath on her earlobe turned her legs to jelly.

They both started to pull away from each other as the dressing room door opened. Then they relaxed against each other again. It was only Kaylee.

But she was upset-or as upset as Kaylee ever got within view of casino employees. She closed the door behind her and said quietly, "Elijah, something's happened. It looks like the Res is back at it."

Holly sucked in a breath and felt Elijah's hold tighten around her. She'd thought-or just wished-that their problems with the Res were over.

"I'm rounding up some people to go investigate with me after the show," Kaylee said. "I need you."

"Yes'm," Elijah said.

"What is it?" Holly asked. "What happened, exactly?" She knew Elijah wasn't asking because he'd already lifted the details out of Kaylee's thoughts.

"I don't want to tell you before the show," Kaylee said.

"What?" Holly exclaimed, climbing off Elijah's lap and standing to her full height on high heels. "Are you telling me not to worry my pretty little head about it?"

"Before the show," Elijah insisted, standing beside her and slipping his hand around her waist. "It would distract you, believe me. We'll tell you after."

Without opening her mouth, she let him know what she thought of being treated like a child.

"No," he said, "it's just-when we were at the Res, Isaac took Kaylee's Beretta."

"Oh." Glancing at Kaylee's expression, Holly surmised that Isaac had used said Beretta.

"And Shane took Rob's gun," Kaylee added, "damn him, which is probably why they're trying to get back at us now. I'm sure Rob's in trouble with the sheriff that even the Res can't get him out of."

Maybe Holly really didn't want to know the details before her performance. "Well, when you investigate, I'm going with you." She would be tired when her show was over, with a ginormous headache from taxing her power. But if Isaac was trying to get Kaylee in trouble or was planning another attack on the casino, Holly wanted to know firsthand and help if she could, not wait at home to be told later. After seven years clueless, she never wanted to be in the dark again.

"No way," Kaylee said. "You're the magician now. You're the public face of the casino. Your job is to look rich and stay out of trouble, like your father's job before you."

"My father is a weak levitator," Holly said, "and a liability. I am not."

"Let her come," Elijah told Kaylee, his low voice vibrating through Holly's chest. "Otherwise you'll waste all night scraping together a team of half powers and those girls you're weaning off Mentafixol. They're more a hindrance than a help right now. Besides, Holly will convince you eventually anyway."

Kaylee shot Elijah an evil look to shut him up.

"Or you could ask Shane," Elijah suggested.

Kaylee laughed shortly. "Over my dead bo-"

Holly and Elijah gazed at Kaylee, waiting for her to hear what she was saying. It had been only a few days since Holly had retrieved Mr. Diamond's body from the freezer and floated it to a casket so they could give him a proper-and very secret-burial.

"-dy," Kaylee finished with a sigh. "All right, Holly, you can come." She took a step closer and told Elijah, "Stop reading my mind."

"Stop thinking," Elijah said.

She turned in a cloud of silky blond hair and stalked from the room. She muttered, "I hate mind readers," just before she slammed the door behind her.

Holly turned back to Elijah and kissed him very carefully on the cheek so as not to smear her dark lipstick. "Thank you for taking up for me. I was afraid you'd want me to stay home."

"Hell no. I've learned my lesson. I want you there to save my ass." He put out his hand for hers. "Showtime."

They walked down the corridor to wait in the wings of the set, now modernized according to Holly's design in black and sleek metal. Throbbing rock music replaced the cheesy trumpets from her dad's show. She waited for her cue, then burst onto the stage in a cloud of dry-ice mist. She would do a few parlor tricks with sleight of hand and mirrors. Then the real magic would begin.

All the while, she could see Elijah in the wings, wearing a well-tailored suit rather than a scruffy tee. His hair was still a wavy mess, though. And his green eyes and his powerful mind scanned the crowd for danger. Maybe he would find it later tonight, when they investigated what the Res had done. But for now, she could imagine the comparatively innocent thoughts he read from the audience. Awe at the stylish Vegas stage. Appreciation for her costume, or lack of it. Wonder at her gravity-defying illusions. How did she do that?<br/>

All the while, she could see Elijah in the wings, wearing a well-tailored suit rather than a scruffy tee. His hair was still a wavy mess, though. And his green eyes and his powerful mind scanned the crowd for danger. Maybe he would find it later tonight, when they investigated what the Res had done. But for now, she could imagine the comparatively innocent thoughts he read from the audience. Awe at the stylish Vegas stage. Appreciation for her costume, or lack of it. Wonder at her gravity-defying illusions. How did she do that?<br/>

