Wiping damp soil from my eyes, I asked in complete exasperation, "Madam Ki, will you please tell those hooligans to stop tossing the sacred dirt about?"

Madam Ki's green, intelligent eyes darted to the window. My teacher of many years sighed at seeing her youngest students tearing up her stunning flowerbed and making the dirt sprinkle to the ground in a morbid imitation of falling snowflakes. "It's Lav and Wapol. Again."

"Indeed," I grumbled, bending to shake my black locks free of soot.

Madam chuckled quietly, a devious gleam beginning to sparkle in her gaze. "Braita, I think I know the perfect punishment for them this time."

I'm sure she did.

Absently, while keeping her gaze on the two louts, she snapped her fingers at the fallen debris now littered about my bare feet. "Clean that up while I tend to them."

Swiftly, I pivoted to the side as her strong, lithe form brushed past me and out the front door of the one-room schoolhouse. I made not a peep, not about to interrupt her while she had that look in her eyes. When I had been a mere child, I had been on the receiving end of her 'punishments'. I most definitely did not want to cross paths with her scheming mind again. I had learned my lesson, and learned it well.

That did not mean I was going to clean up the mess of dirt and flower petals on her tiling.

It was Lav and Wapol's fault. They could clean it up.

Brushing off the last bit of grime from my pristine white sundress, I grabbed my calculations textbook from the cupboard at the back of the intimate room; it was what I had come back inside to grab initially after the church bells had indicated an end of the work and school day. Maneuvering quickly through the wooden school desks, I entered the code I had seen Madam enter on the halo-keypad many times, and slipped out the back door silently.

It was time to have a little fun.

Racing as fast as my feet would carry me, with the sweet smell of home filling my lungs on the salty breeze, I jumped over a moss-covered log and skidded to a stop on the Overcliff. The wind whipped hard on this outcropping of solid rock and sporadic green, silky grass overlooking our village, Plata, and the crystal blue ocean of the Scape. Catching my breath from my mile long run, my lungs heaving in great gulps of clean air, I saw the classmates of my age group, our senior year cluster. Breathlessly, I grinned and lifted my hand in a jaunty wave.

"Took you long enough, Braita," Jax hollered over the breeze where he, Kiera, and Ola sat at the edge of the cliff. He lifted his, surely stolen, alcho-brew, toasting in my direction as I began a fast clip toward them. "You've got dirt all over your face."

I instantly scowled and wiped at my face more thoroughly. "Lav and Wapol were up to their usual antics." I quickly dumped my textbook on the ground and sat cross-legged next to Ola, turning my face to her. "Did I get it all?"

"Nope." She lifted a perfectly manicured hand, and with her handkerchief, she brushed at my cheek with more force than I was completely comfortable with. She was probably doing more harm than good to my skin, but I allowed her to continue. "The spoiled five-year-olds are always a bother when they first enter school from their surrogate's house."

Kiera snorted softly, crinkling her nose. "They squirted my seat with ketchup yesterday."

Jax squatted next to me and delicately pulled out a twig of thorns from my hair. "Madam's flowerbed?" When I nodded, he chucked the bit over the edge of the cliff and laughed quietly. "I'm sure they'll straighten up. They all do by the second quarter."

As one, we nodded. Madam Ki was scary-frightening when she wanted to be.

Jax sat beside me, and then silently offered me a drink of his alcho-brew.

I scrunched my face in revulsion, tilting my head back and shaking it gently. That stuff was disgusting. Jax and Ola seemed to enjoy it, but Kiera was on my side. Nothing about it tasted appealing.

He shrugged and handed it across to Ola, who took a heavy swig before passing it back.

With the loving wind whipping around us while we sat on the sacred earth, our hair ruffling and catching on the next person's shoulder, none of us said a word. We merely stared out past the Overcliff's edge. Past the small homes of white earth, the intricately carved petite paths where the villagers walked, appearing tiny as ants from our advantageous height, and past the white, crescent moon-shaped sand beach, and even farther than the waves of the Scape.

We watched the blessed sun as it began its descent.

The sky was molten lava of pinks, oranges, and blues, a dance of delight to the eye. There was nary a cloud in the sky, our view clear of any obstruction. We stared at the beauty, which only the sun held as it started to disappear, as far as we could see on the Scape. The crystal blue waters turned to a dark indigo at the edge of our vision.

It was peace.

The peace our planet, Joyal, afforded us.

So close to the moon's strong pull, it was also stunning when the moon would rise over Plata. The shimmer of the silver glow against the Scape, which we would ultimately see if we sat here long enough, was a vision to treasure.

This world, our home, had been founded three hundred years ago when Earth had been devastated by pollution and greed, wrecking the planet beyond repair. Joyal was now our peace of mind, our sacred and cherished family, and the reverence my soul adored. More than five centuries ago, the Humans, our people, had sent a first-class arc of diplomats, engineers, and scholars into the far reaches of space, away from Earth, away from destruction. Only a little more than a thousand survived The Travel until they found three planets that were habitable. Some say it had been their penance for shattering such beauty that Earth had once been.

I just thought it was pathetic. Pathetic that our people had been that blind.

Now, we lived in the solar system Kline.

Egyac was the second largest planet that had been habitable.

Triaz, the largest planet.

Then there was Joyal, our home. Our family to love.

Egyac had already been inhabited by the Kireg. They were a deeply psychic alien life form.

Triaz had already been inhabited by the Mian. They were the aliens to fear, the war societies.

Joyal was the smallest planet by far, but it had been empty. We had taken it as our own.

The one thing all three life forms had in common was our need for oxygen. Three different races of aliens brought together by the destruction of our original planets. All three knew the cost of a planet's ruin - a race's annihilation. So the Mian, Kireg, and Humans lived as we needed to.

Peacefully alone, never intruding on the other.

It was how it was.

Kiera asked quietly, "Do you really think our village is how Greece appeared on Earth?"

I nodded gently, glancing away from the setting sun to our home. "Yes. Madam showed me pictures of Earth. It is the same."

"A replica," Jax clarified, speaking of how our people had used the technology brought with them to replicate certain cities of Earth.

I nodded again, agreeing. "Yes. It is a replica."

"A damn good one," Ola muttered, reaching across me to steal Jax's alcho-brew. "I've seen the pictures too. Everything is the same."

"Indeed," I murmured, then hushed them gently. "Shh. The sun is almost gone."

The words were barely out of my mouth when all four of us went deathly quiet.

On their own accord, my eyes began to widen as I watched the Scape's shoreline recede from the white sand, pulling farther...and farther...and farther out.

My whisper was the sound nightmares called love. "No..."

Just as suddenly, all four of our halo-watches blared with a corrupt alarm.

We slammed our hands down on our watches, cutting the eerie noise off, though we could still hear the echo from the village, everyone's watches warning them...and then the church bells began singing the song of dread. Clanging over and over again. Not stopping, only getting louder in my ears as scalding tears threatened to spill over my lashes, burning to spill their fill onto my cheeks.

"Fuck you," Jax screamed, jumping to his feet and hurling his stolen drink far over the cliff to the receding Scape. It was an action of the damned, a furious battle he - we -would not win. Joyal was mainly made of the Scape, a planet primarily consisting of water. Because of this, we had many meters to gauge seismic activity, even under the ocean. But the four of us did not need any alarm warning us with our heightened vantage point.

The ocean was still retreating.

It was our planet fighting back when we had only given it reverence.

Ola whispered, "We need to go."

"Go where?" Keira demanded, shoving to her feet and running her hands through her hair. "We are at the highest point in Plata. This is where," she shoved a pointed finger down at the homes on the cliffside, "they need to come."

"Kiera's right," I heard myself mumble, my voice...off...monotone, while my fingers tingled with approaching numbness. "We should stay here. Madam will arrive soon with the other children." They knew this, but it was all I could say. "She'll round them up from the boarding house."

"My bird is there," Ola croaked, peering over her shoulder to the woods. Toward our rooms at the boarding house. "Maybe I-"

"Don't even think about it," Jax barked gruffly, bending directly in front her and grabbing her chin so she would look him straight in the eye. "Your pet is not worth your death."

She swallowed, the sound audible even over the breeze, not pulling away from Jax's brutal, illegal, hold on her chin. "Perhaps the tsunami will not be that bad?"

Jax said nothing, just held her gaze while the water receded deeper and deeper, leaving colorful fish flopping to their death on the wet sand, their bodies glistening in the vanishing pink light.

I made myself pat her back, my bones feeling like they were made of stone. "Perhaps."

With a full moon to watch by, it was not peace that filled me as the same two hooligans who had tossed dirt at me this afternoon clung to my legs, their bitty fingernails biting into my skin as they screamed their panic loud enough to unnerve the devil. I did nothing to stop them as we stood at the edge of the cliff. Madam Ki and the rest of the school children were here, along with any of the townsfolk who had made it up the steep climb to fill the cliffside and woods.

No, instead of consoling the children, I tried to contain my own shout of terror as the largest wave I had ever seen advanced like the swelling doom of apocalypse. The water sparkled a death count under the moon's glow, reminiscent of the stars twinkling in the onyx sky, while the villagers filled the night air with their own fear. Those still down below, stubborn or not taking the threat seriously, now understood their fatal mistake.

By the red shimmer of my halo-watch, the tsunami hit Plata at exactly 7:57 PM.

It was the most horrendous explosion of pain I had ever viewed.

The villagers racing for their lives through the streets...taken, the ocean now their coffin.

The white houses...taken, the ocean flooding over them like they were the pebbles I stepped on.

The church with the ringing bells...taken, the oceans floor its destination.

Only the rush of water and wind was heard past the cries of the devastated.

I stood shivering in the night, and prayed the blessed sun would be enough to heal our planet.

Jax and I walked side-by-side into the conference hall. We did not speak to one another. Our thoughts were our own, each of us clutching the letters that we had received from the President. After the devastation of the tsunami wiping out our largest city, we had known it would come to this. But if we had needed any verification, the two ominous spacecrafts floating behind the building were our proof.

Our society had taken precautions when our people had first landed on Joyal. With our planet's lesser size, and the risk of natural disaster such as we'd had last week, our founders had made a deal with the Mian and the Kireg in exchange for our some of our technology. If a worldwide disaster ever plagued Joyal, the Mian and the Kireg would allow a certain number of Humans to be sent to their planets.

To live there. Amongst them.

Jax and I knew this. We had known the hush-hush information ever since our testing at the age of ten years old when our results had shown a proficiency in languages, political science, and combat practices. Joyal had no real need for policing their people against crimes; we were peaceful in nature thanks to selective genetics, but certain individuals had been trained should the need ever arise. Jax and I were part of those few. The choice had been ours after we had received our test grades. Our schooling would have led us to a seat in our government. It had continued to be our decision as we had grown older, and we had never changed our course. Even with the possibility of what we were now facing.

With our need to be a part of the controlling agents of Joyal, our worst fear was now our reality.

Jax bent, lowering his six-foot, well-built frame to whisper, "Which alien would you rather-"

"The Kireg," I mumbled, cutting him off. It was a no-brainer. "They may have psychic abilities, but at least they have some civility on Egyac."

Jax straightened, nodding his dark head of curly hair. "Same here."

My chin trembled the barest bit. "I hope we aren't separated." I glanced up at him as we came to a stop. There were Joyal agents checking letters at the door, and there were a few people ahead of us. "We're a team."

Jax's exhale was slow, his grey eyes softening, showing his fondness for me. "Braita, we still don't know how many they're taking. We may not even be picked." He lifted his hand and waved it just over the top of my head, in a rare show of affection. "But if it is to be, say a small prayer to Mother Joyal that we will remain together."

Instantly, I nodded. "Already done."

Jax cracked a smile. "As I have done too."

Finished checking our letters, an agent stated, "Females are to sit on the left, males on the right."

My lips pursed. "Why?"

He answered honestly, "I don't know, but it's what the President ordered." He glanced between Jax and I. "If you are chosen, stay safe."

As one, Jax and I moved forward through the doors, saying nothing more. The room was deathly silent when we entered, even though there appeared to be only a few vacant seats remaining. The individuals inside stared forward, watching where the President sat on a chair with his elite colleagues sitting on either side of him. The area where they sat was on a raised platform, so he was in full view of the audience. His own expression was troubled; his brows furrowed as he reviewed the paper he held in his hands. The list of names I was sure. If I were him, ready to name so many to an unknown fate, I would wear the weight on my shoulders too.

With one last glance at each other, Jax and I separated. He moved to the right and I to the left.

There were far more males than females here. I sat on the lone seat remaining in the section I was led to by another agent. From my quick count, there were only one hundred females, and we only took up a tenth of the room. I knew for a fact there were more females than this in the government program, but a fast assessment showed those summoned today were mainly of a younger crowd. As it was, it was difficult for a female to test into the governing program, and many dropped out before the completion of it and chose an option of schooling that was far less grueling on the body and mind. I had never looked down upon anyone for dropping out, and now, I definitely wished I had been one of those individuals.

The President stood, his lips drawn into a thin line.

The conference hall, already so quiet, now felt like a tomb.

He was handed an inch-long microphone that he pinched between his fingers, staring at it as if he wanted to crush it. His adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed heavily. Finally, his eyes lifted to the crowd. It was there in his gaze. He did not know if we would survive what he was about to impart on us. His chest rose and fell before he lifted the mike. "You all know why you're here. It is a sacrifice that each of you knew may happen one day. With Plata no more, the agreements made by our founders with the Kireg and the Mian has now been initiated to give the remaining souls on Joyal a fighting chance of survival."

He cleared his throat. "Here are the facts that you do not know. Only those in the governing program between the ages of eighteen and thirty have been picked to come here today. That was my choice. I didn't believe those of younger or older years would be able to handle the transition to another planet."

Silently, I nodded. As did many others. The President's reasoning made sense. I could not imagine a thirteen-year-old or a seventy-year-old being thrown into the Mian or the Kireg world. It would have been a cruelty beyond reproach. But I also silently cursed my birthday. I had only been eighteen for a month now. If only I had a December day of birth, rather than an August. But I did not. And now I sat, waiting on bated breath for my fate.

The President's eyes travelled from left to right, gazing at each of us. "Out of the thousand in this room, there will be three hundred sent to Triaz and three hundred sent to Egyac." He lifted the paper in his hand and began reading from it. "First, I'll start with the individuals randomly picked for Egyac. If you hear your name called, please exit through the door on your right. Kireg representatives will be waiting there and you will leave within the hour."

My eyes widened and my jaw went slack. We were not even getting a chance to say good-bye to anyone. They were taking us now, not even allowing us to pack a bag. My regard slammed across the room where Jax sat, his own shock radiating from his features.

His gaze met mine.

I said another silent prayer to Mother Joyal. We could not be separated.

My pulse hammered in my ears as I dragged my attention back to the President.

The President's words were slow and his voice timbered with regret of each name he read aloud, gifting each person a solemn nod of respect when they silently stood and began making their way to the door on the right side of the room.

My palms began to sweat as the woman directly on my left was called, her shaky breath audible as she stood. I leaned back and moved my legs so she could exit without tripping over me. Even though her eyes were filled with unshed tears, she only stumbled once in her march to her destiny.

The names stopped fifteen minutes later.

My stomach rolled in unease.

Jax and I had not been called for Egyac, the Kireg society.

It either meant we would not be picked at all...or we were going to Triaz, the Mian society.

The President sighed as the door on the right shut, the final individual gone to the Kireg. He rolled his shoulders and folded the piece of paper in half, gazing at the lower section of it. His voice lowered to an even more somber tone. "Here are the individuals randomly picked for Triaz. If you hear your name called, please exit through the door on your left. Mian representatives will be waiting there and you will also leave within the hour." He closed his eyes briefly, then opened them, squared his shoulders, and read from the list. "Braita Valorn."

My heart stopped, then hammered so hard inside my chest I feared I might faint.

I clutched the arms of my chair and took in a ragged breath. I could not show fear.

Swallowing down the bile that burned the back of my throat, I rose to my feet and concentrated on breathing evenly. The black spots that had appeared in my vision diminished. I stared into the eyes of the President. With grim resignation, I dipped my head to him before he could even bow his to me.

His gaze said what I knew.

My world was forever changed and my welfare was now in my own hands. I prayed to Mother Joyal that my training would keep me from being killed by the brutal Mian. Walking with a purpose of survival to my step, I glanced over my shoulder to Jax as the President called another name.

Jax's gaze never left me as I walked through the door on the left side of the room. To the Mian.

Silently shutting the door behind me, I peered directly ahead. I had never seen a Mian in person. Down the long and brightly lit hallway, there was one standing where the walkway ended and opened into another room within the building. My feet would not move as I stared.

This Mian had to be seven feet tall, his very height intimidating compared to my five foot, two inch frame. He wore an imperial black robe with red embroidered embellishments. From my studies, I knew that the Mian were separated in warring factions of the east and the west. Though the stitched crest on his robe was a symbol of the planet Triaz, not of the two factions. This Mian was a delegate of the two, a litigator between the east and the west, but by the tattoo that rested next to his left eye, it clearly depicted a round symbol with a line through it. His origin was from the west. If he had been from the east, he would have worn the tattoo of a star next to his right eye.

And his blue eyes, they glowed softly.

It intimidated me further, seeing the blue and white of his gaze so crisply. The Mian were predominately of the night. They slept during the day, because their eyes were particularly sensitive to light. Their vision was ten times better than a Human's, along with their strength. Every weakness that a Human had, they did not. They were superior to Humans in physicality.

The Mian's expression did not falter from stern impatience as he lifted one of his hands and gestured for me to move forward with a sharp flick of his wrist. He definitely did not seem impressed by me as his glowing gaze roved up and down my smaller stature. His mouth opened, and he barked in a heavy accent, "Come."

I jerked forward, keeping my eyes on his. At least, he had spoken in English. While I had tested early for a proficiency in languages, and had learned Mianese, I still was not comfortable speaking it. I could understand the dialect fine, but my speech still faltered when trying to express certain phrases. In other words, I was not a natural at their language. I'd had to work for it in class. Nearing the end of the hallway, I heard the door open and shut behind me, another Human coming through.

The Mian in front of me glanced over my head, and appeared more pleased with what he saw. I had seen the man who had been called directly after me. He was much more robust than me in build, all muscle and strength. The Mian pointed to my left, glancing at me with disdain. "Over there, girl."

I tried not to stare at his ears, which were pointed at the top, and nodded my head in silent treaty. Walking past him, I felt my stomach roll again, the nausea making me grimace. Inside this room, that was as large as the conference hall, there were many Mian. The space was bare of furnishings, except for two tables that lined the left and the right sides of the room. Behind each table, there were Mian who wore the same robes as the first Mian, all litigators of the east and the west. The direction I had been pointed to, all the Mian bore the symbol of the west, with the circle and line through it tattooed near their left eye.

Exhaling gradually, I ignored the stares of the Mian who were assessing me. I moved toward the start of the long table on my left where it appeared I should begin. The Mian there did not appear quite as gruff as the first man, but the scar edging down his jaw made my eyes falter. It was a nasty mark, appearing to have been made with a blunt knife, the red line thick and garish.

The Mian merely stared, and asked in Mianese, "Are you done gawking, Human?"

My gaze snapped up to his. I spoke slowly, concentrating on his language. "I apologize."

He lifted a red brow, his short, flame-colored hair the same shade as his scar. "Your name."

"Braita Valorn."

"Spell it."

I swallowed and did as told.

He typed it into his halo-pad. "Lay your head on the table."

My blink was gradual. I understood him fine, even in his language. "Why?"

That red brow lifted again. "You don't get to ask why, slave. Just do it."

His words hit me hard. Slave. My body wanted so badly to tremble, but I did not allow it to. I had read about slaves in Earth's history. It was not a pleasant thought. I really might puke. "Slave?"

His brutal features scrunched. "Did you just call me a 'cow'?"

Oh, Mother Joyal. I concentrated once more, and spoke slowly this time. "No. I apologize. My question was, am I to be a slave? Are the Humans picked here today to be slaves on Triaz?"

"Of course." He peered down his nose at me. "It is far better than being thrown onto the streets. You should be thankful the Mian leaders decided on this." I stared. He appeared adamant about his words. Sadly, he was probably right from my teachings. He placed the halo-pad on the desk and lifted a long silver rod. He picked two black identical rings from a silver box full of rings, and then slid them down the end of the rod. They clinked as they hit the flat end of the tool. A halo-pad rose into the air and he typed in my name, then gestured to the table. "Do as I said. Lay your head on the table. Face down and move your hair aside. You're a female so you'll be receiving the Cold Mark."

My eyes widened on their own accord. Females of the Mian society received a Cold Mark when they were born. The Mian population were governed by men. There were always two men to a household, how they were picked to be together the Humans still did not understand. But they were together for life. Underneath that same household, the ruling two men were allowed ten women to protect. They called the two men Vaq and the ten women their Harem. From what I understood, it was an honor to be picked as part of a Harem. Their Vaq were always there to protect and shelter them.

As if reading my mind, the Mian smirked. "It is highly doubtful that you will be picked for a Harem." His glowing gaze gradually raked over my frame. "You appear to be hardly past puberty."

Even while his lingering gaze confused me, I lifted my chin high. "I'm eighteen years old." My eyes narrowed the smallest bit when he snorted. "I'm well past," I whispered the scandalizing word, "puberty, thank you very much."

If he could, he actually appeared amused at the flush on my cheeks. "Do as I said."

I moved my hair aside as another Human girl came to stand next to me, appearing nervous. I smiled gently to her, then placed my head on the table, face down. I jerked when the Mian's fingers brushed remaining strands of my hair aside, his fingers so frigid they sent a shiver down my spine. He jerked his hand back, but then continued shoving any stray hair away, his skin now regular temperature against mine. I gritted my teeth against the touch. He was a litigator of the Mian, so he had to know that skin-to-skin contact was illegal for Humans. It grated on my nerves as he toyed with me, taking his time removing the lingering strands of hair from my flesh.

But I quickly forgot that when he shoved his hand down on top of my head. "Do not move during this." I could barely breathe with the force of his hold shoving my mouth against the cold metal of the table. I did not know how he expected me to move. "The pain should only last seconds."

I slammed my hands on the table when a feeling such as I had never known froze into the back of my neck from the rod he struck there. I squelched the scream that wanted to tear from my lips as I was literally branded with the Cold Mark, vertical black lines in a short barcode. But just as quickly, the pain disappeared as the rod was swiftly pulled away from the back of my neck. The Mian removed his hand from my head and I straightened immediately, shaking my head past that immense agony. I blinked a few times and rubbed my eyes to make sure no tears fell.

The Mian with the flame red hair smiled without humor, the action pulling the scar on his face grotesquely. "The first Human with the Cold Mark. I never thought I would see this day." He tilted the rod and the rings fell off the end onto his palm. He placed them into a box he pulled from under the table, writing my name on the top of it and set it aside. He pointed to the Mian next to him, who was avidly watching. "Move down the line."

My forehead creased as I stared at the box with the two rings now in it. "What about those?"

He appeared to be trying to reign in his temper. "After the arrival ritual, if a Vaq picks you for their Harem, then the rings will be given to them. Otherwise, they will be given to your owner to do as they wish. Most likely, you will be a slave to a house Harem, where your duty will be to meet the needs of the ladies." He reached across the table and grabbed my elbow, roughly shoving me down the line of the table. "Now, do as you're told."

Holding my travel helmet in my hands, I waited inside the Mian's spacecraft. I had been searched, more cold fingers on me, and then made to change into the flight wear. It consisted of a black, skintight suit, black boots, and black gloves; all space travel safe. I now stood where I was buckled against the wall with the other nine females who had been chosen to travel to Triaz. The chosen Human men were milling around inside the cavernous area we were in. Their boots were equipped with a magnetic pull to keep them grounded when the spacecraft finally launched; the magnets were their only safety harness to keep them from tumbling. By this action, it was obvious that even as a slave, the Mian protected the women over the men.

Jax stood directly in front of me, not saying a word.

I was scared and relieved that his name had also been called by the President.

I felt the floor beneath us begin to shake, the spacecraft readying for takeoff. I gradually put my helmet on. The Mian litigators had informed us that as soon as the helmet was connected to our suit, we would have just enough air to survive the trip to Triaz, and then one hour afterward. Only a Mian could remove the helmet with their fingerprint on the side of the helmet. If we chose to try to escape, we would die from lack of oxygen.

All ten of the women had been Cold Marked, while each man now wore a black slave's bracelet on their left wrist underneath their black spacesuit. None of us had any clue what the 'arrival ritual' would entail, but by the cruel gleam in the Mian's glowing eyes, it did not bode well. My body was trembling now, out of eyesight of the Mian soldiers at the end of the room, but I lifted my arms to Jax.

We were sparring partners. We always had been.

Jax and I were also two of the few who had received the ten marked tattoos on the undersides of our wrists for achieving our combat training. We never touched skin-to-skin, but after he placed his helmet on and moved into my embrace, holding me tight for takeoff, his boots sealed to the ground as the spacecraft began to lift, neither of us moved.

We merely held each other even tighter as the shouts of Human men were heard all around as their bodies were jerked back and forth, only their boots keeping them from crashing into each other. The wise men immediately sat, even as the Mian's laughter at the end of the room could be heard. Too bad not all of them were that quick to catch on.

The 'arrival ritual' was as Jax and I suspected. Only, it was for men, not women.

I stood inside a coliseum made of blue glass while Mian war cries battered my eardrums. The helmet did not even help to drown out the horrific noise. The other women and I were on the front row with Mian guards at the end of our aisle. Marble bleachers were filled with Mian from the west and the east, apparently on a truce just to attend this unheard of event. Before us, in the center of the coliseum, was an area filled with the Human men still in their space travel wear - helmets included. The ground they walked on was pure brown dirt. They peered up at the spectators, unsure of when the attack would happen. The Mian litigators had explained - oh so briefly - that the men would be in the 'ring' for fifteen minutes. They would face off against Mian warriors from the east and the west, and they would be given blades to protect themselves. If they survived the fifteen minutes with the Mian warriors, they would prove themselves to be adequate slaves of the Mian.

The only way I even knew where Jax was compared to the rest of the Human men was the Mian number he had on the back of his spacesuit. His was 43. He was in the middle of the group, turning slowly in circles and watching the entrances of the ground level. The halo-glow above all of us clicked on, showing fifteen minutes on the countdown.

It started.

Mian warriors raced down the stairs of the bleachers and leapt over the circular railing with long, wicked swords in their hands. A drum began beating in a sickening rhythm that could only be for war. The lone way to distinguish these Mian should even be in the fight, compared to the rest of the war crying Mian, was the black attire that they also wore, though their black leather patched masks were much more frightening than the helmets of the Human men.

I gripped the edge of the barrier, only feet away from the first Human male who was skewered through by a charging Mian warrior. His cry of pain...I did not think I would ever forget. His torso arched and his knees buckled from being stabbed in the back. His helmet turned in our direction right before his head hit the dirt, forever dead to us. The Mian's eyes were already on another target as he stepped on the Human's dead body to remove his sword, blood flying in an arc and splashing my gloves.

The woman on my right began to sob; her cries heard throughout it all.

I could not simply stand here.

My heart was beating too fast.

I would never forgive myself if I allowed Jax to be killed this way.

Knowing it was wrong, but not giving a damn, I shoved hard on the barrier railing and kicked my feet over. I heard one of the Mian guards shout a curse, seeing me leap over the side, but I did not stop. I rolled as I hit the dirt and grabbed the two blades from the dead Human male, never taking my eyes off my destination.

I might be small, and it did tend to work in my favor as surprise, but I was deadly in a fight. My body was made for this. I had natural grace and each swing of my blades as I worked to the middle of the arena hit each mark, knowing where to slice just once to terminate these bastards. Humans were not here as sport, and we would not be killed off as such. I shouted in fury as a Mian stopped in his tracks, obviously seeing I was female with my skintight spacesuit. I launched one of my blades right at his throat, and then raced straight for him. I had the blade back in my hand even before he hit the ground, gurgling on his own blood.

Jax saw me coming, and he fought his way to me. His own grace rivalled my own. This, right here, was one of the reasons why we had never dropped out of the government program. We were excellent at fighting beside each other, and we knew it. He motioned that there was an attacker behind me as I ran straight at him. Moving with ease, he bent with his hands lowered. More than used to this, I kept running and placed my right foot onto his hands and allowed him to throw me up and backward.

I heard the roar of the audience falter as I soared up and threw the air, arching my back and twisting. I landed directly on top of the advancing Mian's shoulders, my legs spread on either side of his head, and sliced clean through his neck. I ignored how the roar of the crowd erupted into shouts of wrath as blood spewed from the Mian's throat, instead focusing on how he fell forward.

Jax caught my arm, steadied me, and grabbed the downed Mian's sword.

With much annoyance, he tossed away one of the useless blades he had been 'gifted'.

We fought together as one, even as more Mian warriors blazed down from the bleachers. They wanted to eradicate the Humans in their midst. Those fifteen minutes were the longest of my life. I had never fought so hard against a foe who was superior on all levels of strength and speed. It took everything Jax and I had to remain standing and alive. But the halo-clock counted down its final tick, an alarm shrieking through the air that the fight was done.

I still did not lower my weapons. Neither did Jax.

Until they were taken from us when we were led away through the gore of the dead.

Sitting on the floor inside a room of the coliseum with the surviving forty-one Human men, I braced my elbows on my knees and tried to regulate my breathing. My body was completely spent. I was exhausted beyond belief. My muscles twitched and burned from overuse. But I knew my oxygen was getting low. There was only a half-hour left until the oxygen would run out. The Mian needed to get these helmets the hell off us, but instead, they had kept us waiting for ten grueling minutes of silence. During training on Joyal, none of us had ever followed through with a malicious blow, much less killed someone before. Our thoughts were lost in the chaos of survival here.

There was a noise outside the grey sterile room we sat in, and all heads lifted in that direction.

It sounded like masculine deep timbers arguing past the thick metal door.

Another minute passed before a Mian man, the first litigator I had encountered after my name had been called on Joyal, opened the door. He surveyed us silently, half standing inside the room. His eyes narrowed as they traveled over us before he barked, "The female. The one who disobeyed orders. Get out here now."

My shoulders tensed, but I quietly stood to my feet. I tried not to grimace as I traipsed dirt and dried blood across the tiling from my boots. I glanced once at Jax when he started to stand, and I silently shook my head. I would face whatever punishment was given. He was still alive and I was grateful.

"Sit down," the Mian delegate growled, staring beyond me at Jax. He paused a moment, and then grabbed my elbow, still watching over my head. "She won't be harmed, so cease your aggression."

I was not sure if I completely trusted his word as he slammed and locked the metal door behind us. He continued with his unrelenting, bruising hold, jerking me down the long hallway. Just when I was really beginning to worry as he marched us down twisting and gradually darkening hallways, he stopped before a frosted glass door, opened it, and shoved me inside. I stared at the door when he slammed it right in my face, not entering with me.

"Hey," I shouted. I lifted a hand and tried opening the door, but it would not budge. "What are-"

A throat cleared behind me.

I froze.

Then, ever so carefully, I turned. I did not move from that position.

I could not.

No, I just stared.

The charcoal grey room was small. It was only lit by two lamps on the left and the right walls. A marble round table sat in the middle with four black chairs around it. There was also a black couch against the far wall, facing the entrance to the room.

Four Mian were inside the room with me.

I had never seen four men who were quite so frightening.

They were actually gorgeous, but their eyes...

There was a cold remoteness about their glowing gazes that kept me rooted where I stood.

These four men were something...other.

Two were on the left side, with one sitting on the table with one of his legs lazily swinging, while the other sat relaxed on his chair with his legs spread. The one on the table had the most beautiful golden hair I had ever seen, the color not natural for a Human. His gaze was a darker shade of his hair, a brutal gold. The man on the chair, his hair color was rich black, the same shade as my own, but where my eyes did not glow and were chocolate brown, his were piercing silver. Both had a deep bronze complexion and wore the tattooed mark of the west near their left eye.

The other two were farther into the reaches of the room. In contrast to the other two Mian being night and day in coloring, these two both had brilliant white hair. One wore it long, almost down to his waist, while the other wore it in indescribable choppy lengths to his shoulders. The one leaning nonchalantly against the wall had black as midnight eyes and the one perched on the arm of the couch had crystal blue eyes. Both bore the tattooed mark of the east near their right eye.

It was odd, but I could tell these two groups of men were Vaq pairs. They seemed naturally at ease with the proximity of each other's closeness. I only wished they did not radiate so much menace that I now wished I had used the restroom before changing into my space attire.

The one with the long white hair asked in a deep, resonating voice, "Do you know who we are, Human?"

"No," I stated respectfully, making sure I spoke the correct words of their language. "I do not."

The one with the golden hair brushed a stray strand aside, stating in a bored tone, "We are the Pluma of the east and the west." They were the leaders of the Mian. He pointed vaguely to himself. "I'm Pluma Leo Kreob." He gestured to the black haired man next to him. "This is Pluma Malik Wazra." He flicked his wrist in an annoyed gesture to the long white haired man, and then the choppy white haired man. "That is Pluma Phila Moir and Pluma Killeg Creo."

I blinked...and tried not to piss my spacesuit. "It's lovely to meet the four of you."

Pluma Kreob's lips twitched, but he continued casually, "Why did you disobey?"

I could lie. I could say the orders had not been clear. Though I did not think that was what would keep me alive with these four men. "I am more than trained for combat." I inhaled and exhaled slowly. "I also didn't want my friend to die."

"Ah, yes," Pluma Creo spoke from the couch. He flipped through a halo-pad, then stated, "Number 43. Jax Waterston." He punched the halo-pad off, not missing how I had tensed. "Yes, we do know a little about the male slaves who fought. But you," he leaned forward, "we know nothing of, since you are female."

I stayed quiet. He had not asked a question, so I was not going to babble.

Pluma Wazra chuckled softly, the sound rolling through the air. "How many marks do you wear on your wrists?"

I swallowed, but told the truth. "All ten."

The four men seemed to find this interesting, each eyeing me a little closer.

The same Pluma spoke. "How old are you?"

"Eighteen."

Their shock was palpable, even though the four men's expressions did not change.

"And your...friend, how old is he? How many marks does he have?"

"Jax is the same age as me. He also has all ten."

"And yet you still believed you needed to help him?"

"I did." I scratched my shoulder, feeling uncomfortable under their regard. "I wouldn't have been able to forgive myself if he had died like that." I snapped my mouth shut, but it was too late.

Pluma Kreob cocked his head, his golden hair brushing over his shoulder. I tried not to gaze at the pointed top of his ear I could now see. His quiet and sinister tone sent a small quake down my frame. "Do you think the arrival ritual was cruel?"

I did not answer. There was no safe response for that question. I did however clear my throat, knowing my oxygen was becoming dangerously low. "Will one of you please remove my helmet?"

With dark as ebony hair gliding over his shoulders, Pluma Wazra rested his elbows on his knees, asking gently, "First, what is your name?"

"Braita Valorn." I pointed at my helmet, peering at each of them. I tried to be respectful, but anxiety was etching up my spine. "Please? The helmet."

Pluma Moir grunted, and then moved forward. As he stalked toward me, he pulled his long white hair back into a ponytail, fully exposing the pointed tops of his ears. He bent, placing his bronzed face in front of mine.

My breath caught. With him so close, his eyes were hypnotic in their very darkness.

I wanted to lean forward just to see them better, not sure if I had ever witnessed a vision so delicate, yet punishing. His eyes held a ruthlessness that alarmed me, but it was a view I could stare at for days. I was not sure if even an advanced halo-image would do his eyes justice. There were just too many mixing complexities hiding within the glimmer of his ominous scrutiny to be duplicated.

That gaze raked up and down my frame ever so slowly. When he finally spoke, his tone made my heart beat in a wild cadence. "What you did today was foolish." His glowing eyes narrowed, but he raised his left hand and pressed his thumb to the side of my helmet.

Instantly, it released with a loud pop to my ears. I sucked in the clean oxygen that raced underneath the edge of the helmet, my lungs heaving in great gulps, no longer having to regulate my breathing for fear of death. "Thank you."

But, I stumbled to the side. I grabbed my helmet and jerked it off, suddenly feeling dizzy as the Cold Mark on the back of my neck began to itch. I dropped my helmet as the room grew silent, and clutched my forehead as my hair fanned down around my face. Instinct had me grab the nearest sturdy structure to regain my balance, and that ended up being the shirt sleeve of Pluma Moir. I instantly jerked my hand away, slurring, "Sorry...sorry." I slammed back against the glass door, and used the heel of my palm to thump my forehead a few times. "I don't know what's wrong. Please give me a second."

There was a pause, then Pluma Moir mumbled, "Did the Human just call me a...'cow'?"

Mother Joyal, how did I keep doing that?

"No," I grumbled, shaking my head again. I scratched the Cold Mark where I could feel it branded my skin, the black barcode there slightly raised on my flesh. "I didn't."

The room went completely silent as I continued to scratch the possibly infected mark.

"Oh, my." Pluma Moir chuckled softly. "That...is interesting."

My fingers stalled in mid-scratch and I blinked a few times as I lifted my head, trying to focus on the deadly Mian inside this room. What I saw froze me in place, my vision not settling.

All four men were also staring directly at me. Where my hand rested on the Cold Mark.

Pluma Moir lifted a white brow, and stepped closer. His right hand rose, which sported three black rings between his thumb, pointer, and middle fingers. Surprised, my head thumped back against the door when I tried to evade his touch, but his hand moved in an action my eyes could not register. His thumb brushed my cheek in a gentle, almost affectionate, stroke.

I flinched at the coldness of his skin.

Just as swiftly, he retracted his hand. With his immense muscled frame now blocking my view from the rest of the room's occupants, his shining, black gaze continued to roam my face in the hushed silence, appearing to be assessing each of my features in slow turn. His sophisticated facade was so void of any emotion that there was no way to determine his thoughts.

But even in my sickness, I was lost in his gaze. My vision was still blurred, though it did not matter. I could not peer away from his intricate eyes. Just as his body tensed to step away, I beseeched on the faintest breath, "Wait."

Bizarrely, he paused at my nearly inaudible order.

His frame relaxed in a smooth change, as if he had not been about to move.

Ever so casually, he lifted a perfectly sculpted, white brow in silent question.

My lips thinned. I did not explain. I was not sure if I understood it myself.

Pluma Moir did not appear bothered that I did not respond. Instead, his gaze ran over my features once more...and then lower. The assessment felt more personal in nature than a cold evaluation of my physical wellbeing, making me wonder why he was studying my physique with the intensity that he was. He cleared his throat as his gaze met mine again, and I did not try to evade his touch as he lifted his right hand for a second time.

Once more, his thumb brushed gently against my cheek. His touch was not frigid this time; it was normal warmth. But he grunted softly, and lowered his hand in an unhurried movement.

Pluma Moir ultimately pulled his unique gaze away from mine. He glanced back at Pluma Creo, who was watching him with mild trepidation. Pluma Moir cracked his knuckles, and then snorted...right before he laughed outright, his head even falling back with his booming glee. "She's not ours, thank the Gods. Our Harem would have been breakneck violent." Even as he continued laughing his butt off, I noticed he took three large steps away from me, back toward Pluma Creo. Not glancing in my direction again, he waggled a finger at me, and then spoke to Pluma Kreob and Pluma Wazra, "Good luck with that."

Pluma Kreob's enormous form was tense where he sat on the table, his legs no longer swinging in relaxation. He sat as if he were frozen in place, merely blinking at a spot above my head. His mouth barely moved when he choked, "Malik, please go check her."

My head cocked, the room reeling with that tiny movement. Butterflies spun in sadistic fury inside my stomach. I burped quietly, and quickly put a hand to my mouth. "I think I might be sick." I had no clue what the hell was going on with these Plumas, but I knew I could not take much more of this. "Is there a trashcan around here?"

Pluma Kreob mumbled, "And figure out why the hell she keeps saying 'cow'."

Oh...whatever.

I peered left, and then the right searching for a trashcan.

"Gentlemen, she looks vaguely ill." Pluma Creo grinned from ear-to-ear, appearing mighty pleased with my predicament. "Perhaps 'cow' means 'toilet' in her language."

Pluma Wazra grumbled, "Fucking hell, this cannot be happening." He jerked from his seat, his silver, glowing eyes dead set on mine as he prowled in my direction.

A small, frightened noise that completely embarrassed me floated past my parted lips. This Mian was even taller than I had guessed him to be, well over a foot taller than the top of my head. He was not as tall as the jerk litigator I had first seen, but where that Mian had been skinny, this Pluma was all hard corded muscles. I groped for the door handle, wanting to get as far away from him as possible with that killer expression he wore while he watched me fumble for an outlet of escape.

I squealed when he was suddenly gone from my vision...then plastered up against the front of my body, smashing me against the frosted glass. I snapped my mouth shut against the sign of fear, and ground my molars against each other. I would not show any more weakness.

With his weight crushing my smaller frame, he lifted his left hand.

I readied myself against the bite of coldness I knew would come, like all the Mian's unwanted touches so far. It was a definite peculiar reaction, but still one nonetheless. Fisting my hands, I held perfectly still.

With the easiest of brushes, he gently caressed my check with the pad of his thumb.

He went frigid against me.

I blinked in surprise.

His finger was not cold. It was warm and soothing. I felt it all the way deep into my bones.

A contented sigh that I could not stop escaped as my body went languid against him. All of my nausea was gone in the blink of an eye. The horrible itch of my Cold Mark was a fleeting memory. When the pad of his thumb turned slightly, never leaving my flesh, just altering his hand so he could cup my cheek with his large warm palm, I did not even flinch at the foreign touch. Instead, my head sank against his heated skin, burrowing deeper against it, like a kitten wanting to be pet.

There was a radiant light coming from underneath Pluma Wazra's black shirt, but I barely noticed it as I lifted my arms. He automatically bent for me, and I placed my arms around his neck and began climbing up him until I was wrapped tight around him with legs around his waist. The quiet purr that I heard from deep within his throat was in pure cadence to the harmony that wove itself through my entire being, shattering deep into my soul. Still gently cupping my cheek, he wound his other muscled arm around my waist and held me close while nuzzling his face against the side of my neck, deeply breathing me in.

Through the blissful haze, I heard Pluma Kreob growl at the other Plumas, "Touch him and you're dead." The table in the middle of the room sounded like it was knocked over. His tone was full of contrived politeness. "With much respect, you two need to get the fuck out." Then his voice was closer in the fog of my mind, whispering gently against Pluma Wazra's ear, "Malik, you need to move away from the door."

Pluma Wazra growled quietly, but glided over like he was moving on air.

The door, so difficult to open before, released. It clicked shut as the Pluma's Moir and Creo left.

I groaned softly when Pluma Kreob stood behind Pluma Wazra and hesitantly brushed his own thumb over my forehead. Lightning warmth sizzled through me, grounding me to these two Mian. Shuddering to my core, my eyes closed to listen to the beauty beating inside of me. All I felt was heating warmth as I passed out in the safety of two Mian's arms.

A rough rocking jarred me awake. I lifted my head from the warm leather my cheek laid upon. I blinked repeatedly, trying to understand where I was. Rubbing my eyes, I tilted my head to the side, and stopped stock still.

I was in some kind of armored vehicle.

I was also lying on top of Pluma Wazra and Pluma Kreob's laps.

They were both staring down at me with their simmering, glowing eyes.

I shrieked and slammed a hand against Pluma Wazra's face, and shoved away from them.

I fell in a heap onto the floor of the vehicle.

Pluma Wazra grunted and rubbed his chin where I had whacked him.

With enormous eyes, I noticed he now wore a black ring on his thumb.

Same as Pluma Kreob, who lifted a hand in a gentle patting motion. "Calm down, Braita."

I was anything but calm. "What was that back there?"

Both blinked, then glanced at each other. Their eyes gradually came back to me in confusion.

Oh, Mother Joyal, I hated this language. I tried again, speaking slower, "What was that?"

The confusion instantly cleared from their expressions.

Pluma Wazra gestured to the seat behind me, the empty bucket seat that faced them. "Sit down and buckle up. Once you've done that, we'll explain." Just then, the vehicle bounced hard, and I lost my balance. My chin struck the abrasive metal coating the floor. I grunted in pain, but just as suddenly, I squeaked in alarm when Pluma Wazra grabbed my arms and shoved me onto the empty seat. He grumbled quietly under his breath, his silver, glowing eyes flicking up to me in irritation as he buckled the seatbelt around my waist. "Do as I say next time." He sat back on his seat next to the other Pluma, both of them glaring.

I moved my jaw at the lingering pain, and then silently waited for them to speak.

Pluma Kreob broke the silence, sighing in aggravation. "That back there is what the Mian call a Reckoning. All women of Harems fear it. It is when a Vaq meet their intended, their Soul." He tilted his head to me. "You...somehow...are our Soul. The one woman who was meant specifically for us." His golden brows were deeply furrowed. "A Human bound to two Mian."

I stared. "Pluma Kreob, that makes no sense."

"We know," he growled. The muscles in his jaw bounced before he grumbled, "And given the situation, you calling us Pluma is even more ridiculous. My name is Leo." A hand flick at Pluma Wazra. "His is Malik. From now on, call of us by our first names."

Um...I still did not understand. "I don't get it."

Malik cracked his neck harshly, but his words were slow. "A Soul senses when their Vaq is near. It comes on just as it did for you. You became ill until I touched you." One of his black brows lifted. "Or are you going to argue the rightness of our touch?"

My lips pinched, remembering just how right it had been. But just as suddenly, I glanced down at my bare hands, and then to his face. My gloves were gone. "Wait a second. I touched you and nothing happened."

He shook his head. "After the initial skin contact, regular contact is normal."

I felt my brows furrow on their own. "Is that why every time a," I tried not to shudder, "Mian touches my skin it's cold at first?"

They nodded.

I scratched my shoulder, watching them eye me. "What do you mean by regular contact?" I did not particularly like having my will taken away from me. What had happened in that room was like my body had not been my own.

Leo's lips gently curved. "During sexual contact it can flare again."

I huffed quietly, not understanding them.

Both blinked. They stared right back at me, as if they were trying to figure me out.

I hated it, my confusion, but I asked, "What is sexual contact?" I had no clue what that was. My lips pursed as their jaws began to slacken. "I'm sorry, but maybe I pronounced that wrong." I spoke slower. "What is sexual contact?" The word sounded...weird. I flicked a hand between us, and continued on when they sat silent. "As I'm sure you know, Humans are forbidden from skin contact with each other." There was no need for it. Our genetic scientists created all new Humans by in vitro fertilization....oh...oh, Mother Joyal. My eyes were as wide as saucers. "You don't mean..." My cheeks flamed with heat as embarrassment flooded my entire system. "That...oh, that's barbaric."

Entirely uncomfortable with this line of conversation, I scratched at my shoulder again and glanced out the window. I changed the subject quickly, and tried really hard not to plaster my face against the window, for the first time noticing the scenery outside. "Where are we going?" This was definitely a different planet. Everything was in shades of blues, purples, greens, and reds. All of it. Even the plant life. The brown dirt appeared to be the only thing normal on our travel.

Malik recovered the fastest, lounging further on their seat. His long legs stretched between the space between us and brushed my right knee. I quickly shot a glare in his direction, and lifted my legs to sit cross-legged on the seat. He chuckled softly, the sound of his laughter like a sweet melody filling my ears. "We're going to our home. Our fortress. It is in Belvar."

I nibbled on my bottom lip, and stared out the window again. "Will I live there?"

This time, Leo's laughter tickled my senses. "You are our Soul." He barely raised his left thumb from his leg where his hand rested. "We now wear your rings." His golden stare was pointed. "Yes, you are living with us."

My attention was wholly trained on that ring. "What do they do?"

"The rings do enough," he answered vaguely. He shrugged a negligent shoulder. "You should also know that the three of us our now bound together since the Reckoning has occurred. If we die, you also die." A roll of his finger. "So any thought you may have of attempting to kill us to escape, you may want to set aside."

I blinked slow as hell. "We're bound?" I tucked that dying information away to ponder later.

Malik grunted, peering out the window. "It is a Mian way. By touch, our lives are now linked."

"But I'm Human. How do you know the way of Mian works for this situation?"

Malik's expression turned grim, his simmering gaze finding mine. "Leo and I can feel you."

"Feel me?" That made no sense.

"When you were passed out - which is normal for the female - Leo and I had to deal with the Human slaves. We left you in the care of our guards. The farther we moved away from you, the deeper the pull to return to you was." He sighed quietly, returning his regard to peer out the window. "If you hadn't been unconscious, you would have felt the same. Even with you being Human, the Mian way holds true." The way he said 'Human' informed me he found what I was vaguely revolting.

That was comforting. The feeling was mutual. "Where's Jax?" I needed him.

They fell silent as both now stared out their windows. Their shoulders relaxed, and they appeared to not have any inclination of answering me. As if I was not even sitting across from them.

That was not going to cut it. My voice rose. "Where is Jax?"

Still, no response. They acted like they had not heard me.

It was then it occurred to me. Pluma Creo had been interested in him. "He's with them."

Leo's golden eyes were piercing in their intensity. "Because you are our Soul, we obviously received first pick with the Humans-you." A cruel smile tilted his lips, a merciless gleam of satisfaction. "Pluma Creo and Pluma Moir chose your friend next. So yes, he is now with our enemy in the city Vlymun."

A rush of despair so grand that I could not breathe, blasted through my entire frame. It took everything I had not to bawl right there. I tucked my chin down, blinking repeatedly to squelch any tears that wanted to fall. Stiffly, I placed my hands on my lap and said nothing more, now alone on this alien planet without my dearest friend. Heartache could not even describe it. The agony of losing him to the other leaders of the Mian was a steady punch to my heart with every bounce of our vehicle.

While I waded in my desolation, the only luxury I found in our, now silent, trek to Belvar was that Malik and Leo continued to readjust on their seat, appearing to never find a comfortable position.

I stood staring out the vast windows inside my new bedroom. We had made it to Belvar. The city was truly a fortress. My eyes took in the sites from the fifth floor of the palace that was now my home. In the far distance, I could make out the deadly metal of the wall that circled the perimeter of the city. That wall had frightened me when it had first come into view. It was at least a hundred stories high and deeply grooved with spikes and lasers throughout it, appearing impenetrable. The city inside the wall was now visibly vacant of any Mian, since the sun was shining brightly on the city. All the Mian were now sleeping, but before it had been bustling with raucous activity when we had first arrived. Mian had been roaming the streets, traveling to their homes in the suburbs or to their condos inside the city.

There were so many more Mian just inside Belvar than there were Humans on Joyal.

All in one place.

It had been an overload to the senses, scaring the crap out of me to the point I had wanted to hunker down on the floor of the vehicle as we drove through the winding streets. There were enormous concrete skyscrapers and brutally curved glass buildings circling the palace, which was so fortified with guards that it had made me feel claustrophobic. That was before we had even exited the car. Once inside the palace, I had become even more uncomfortable as Malik and Leo stood on either side of me while they showed me my new home...and all of the guards inside who had stared with disgust and curiosity.

And this was where I would live.

I turned away from the floor to ceiling windows, peering at my new bedroom. It was bare except for a bed and a chest of drawers that had no clothing inside of it. Malik and Leo's bedroom was adjoined through the door on my right. They had said this was a room made specifically for their Soul, if I wished to sleep outside of their room. They had created it many years ago, but it was for me to design the interior.

I sighed quietly and walked to the door that led to their room, the oversized white nightgown I had been gifted swishing around my bare feet. I placed my hand on the doorknob, gazing at it. Leo and Malik had been correct. When I was not directly next to them...I could feel them. The oddest part about it was that it felt natural, just a simple pull to be near them. Though earlier it had not been. I had literally walked out of my bedroom and came face to face with six guards standing outside my door when Malik and Leo had gone to tend to business. There had been a brutal need to be near them, even though I'd had no clue where they had been.

I had been plenty upset when the guards had not let me find them.

Apparently, on this ruthless planet, making ones guards bleed was not the done thing.

I now had ten new men with guns outside of my door, the other six fired.

My chest heaved as I glanced back to my bed. I had laid there for two hours staring at the ceiling, wallowing in self-pity from missing Jax. I had even flipped the switch so the windows frosted to black, eliminating the sun shining inside. It had done no good. I was still wide awake...and frightened. There were noises outside from animals I could not name, and they sounded dreadfully vicious. The deep rumbles of the guards' voices outside my door did not soothe, instead bringing on panic.

I did not trust Malik or Leo for that matter, but it was better to be with the devils I knew.

I opened the unlocked door as quietly as I could.

Their bedroom was even larger than mine. At the front of it there was a large black leather couch and two silver recliners with a coffee table between. Bookcases lined each side of the room, which were filled to overflowing with ancient books. When they had first shown me their bedroom, I had been shocked by the quiet nature of it, but then I had seen all of the weapons they had inside their immense walk-in closet - most with dried blood on them - and had decided against the room being unassuming. The one massive bed inside the room had confused me, but Malik had informed me that all Vaq slept next to each other.

By the slim glow that shone from my room to theirs, they appeared to be doing just that. I sighed in relief and quickly went back to my bed and grabbed my comforter. Dragging the ridiculously enormous thing behind me, I silently slipped inside their bedroom. Only their heads showed above the their own fluffy comforter, but there was a light snore coming from Leo, his golden head of hair shimmering in the light of the sun from my room. Malik was not snoring, but his breathing was heavy with the rise and fall of the comforter on top of his body.

Once I had my comforter all the way past the doorway, I dropped it on the concrete floor. I moved to one of the silver recliners and, quietly grunting with the effort, shoved it across the room to the foot of their bed. I stood on tiptoe, peeking at their faces, but both were still asleep. The heavy breathing and quiet snoring never stopped. Already feeling a little safer, I grabbed my comforter from the floor and shut our adjoining door, letting the darkness consume the bedroom. Padding quietly across the cold and smooth concrete floor, I lowered myself onto the recliner, covered myself up, and released the footstool.

In a rush of movement, it lifted with a loud thwack.

"Shit," I whispered in English, my attention slamming in their direction.

They did not stir.

My lips lifted in victory. I may actually sleep this day.

Though my smile faltered when the snore abruptly stopped, and Leo grunted, "For a Human who bears ten marks on her wrists, she is remarkably pathetic at stealth."

With an aggravated huff, Malik rolled in bed. "At least she finally shut the damn door."

I blinked. "Good night." Or afternoon, whatever it was right now.

Malik grumbled in irritation, "Just go to sleep, Braita."

"Okay," I whispered. I snuggled further into my comforter and closed my eyes. They were letting me sleep here. And they were not too angry. That I could handle.

My groggy eyes slammed open into darkness when I heard their bedroom door click closed. I watched as Leo jerked upright in bed. His golden eyes cut through the darkness with a violent glow. He also appeared to have a gun aimed at the door. I still did not remove my hand from under my nightgown where my palm rested on the handle of the knife I had thieved from their closet of horrors.

Unexpectedly, Leo lowered his weapon and yawned so grandly that I thought his jaw might crack from the pressure. "Winslet, this is not a good time." He lifted his free hand in my direction. "As you can see, we have company."

I peeked over my shoulder. All I could see were two green eyes glowing near the front of their bedroom. Having Human eyes in this situation was more than frustrating. That green gaze bore directly at me, and I watched as they narrowed to thin slits.

"She's not Mian," the intruder, Winslet, whispered. "What is she?"

"Human," Malik grumbled harshly. I felt the bed shake, and then he growled, "Get out. Our sleep has been interrupted enough this day."

There was a minute pause, and then I squinted when their bedroom door jerked open, allowing a brief glare of bright light inside. I saw a flash of a Mian woman with deep crimson hair wearing a black robe disappear out the door. It shut with a booming slam hard enough for the steel door to vibrate. I blinked, gazing at where the woman had disappeared. "Acquaintance of yours?"

"She's one of our lovers," Leo huffed, lying down. "You know, for our barbaric needs."

In the blackness of their bedroom, my cheeks flushed. "Do you want me to leave?" I knew they did not have a Harem. It had been obvious by the fact they wore no rings other than mine, but they had explained as much when they had shown my bedroom to me. But even in my own discomfort, my brows began to furrow. I grumbled, "You two weren't very kind to your...friend."

Malik snorted, getting comfortable once more. "I was growing bored of her."

"Same here," Leo muttered, his voice muffled with his face smashed against his pillow.

Interesting. "You didn't answer my question."

"For the love of all that is holy, just go to sleep," Malik growled.

I grunted, whispering in English, "Someone's grumpy when he doesn't get his beauty sleep."

There was a long pause, then a hard snorting laugh erupted from Leo. "True enough."

I had just learned their hearing was also exceptional - even in English. Another fact to ponder.

After I got some sleep.

My stomach growled. "I'm hungry." These Mian seriously did not eat. "I haven't eaten since I left Joyal."

Malik peered up from the book he was reading on Human genetics. "What?"

"Food," I expounded, throwing my hands up into the air. We had been inside their bedroom since we had woken. The only time I had left was to take a shower in my own bedroom, and change into a t-shirt of Leo's and a pair of pajama bottoms of Malik's. Both were utterly enormous on me, but at least they were clean. I pointed at my stomach. "Humans obviously eat more than you people." More jabbing motions at my stomach as it growled again. "Food. In my belly. Please!"

Malik blinked, then flipped to a page in his book. He read from it a moment, and then leaned to show Leo, where he sat next to him. He pointed at the page. "It does say here that Humans should eat at least three times a day. At the minimum."

I stared in frustration, crossing my arms.

Leo read the passage, and then lifted his glowing eyes to me. "You should have told us before now." A golden brow lifted. "What do Humans eat?"

My nostrils flared. "I want meat. Bread. Maybe some damn pasta." I glared. "Even pets on Joyal are respected better than this. Humans do research before we own a living, breathing being."

Malik actually rolled his eyes. "We know plenty about Humans, but Leo and I didn't expect to have to deal with one so...closely." He tossed the book aside and stood. "Come. I'll take you to the kitchen. You can pick out what you want and, hopefully, quit whining. The cook will help."

I grumbled under my breath, but stood from the recliner I was designating as my own.

I glanced at Leo where he still sat. "Are you coming?"

He shook his head, and continued reading from the halo-pad he had been perusing. "No."

My brows furrowed as I rubbed at the center of my chest. "Okay." And still, I did not move.

Bit by bit, he peered up. His lips pinched. "Why are you watching me?"

My cheeks flushed, and I clasped my hands behind my back to keep from fidgeting. "It's just..." I cleared my throat. "Being bound. I don't particularly like the feeling when you guys are too far away, and the kitchen is on the first floor." Our bedrooms were on the top floor. "Yesterday wasn't pleasant when you two left me alone." They knew this. They had dealt with the aftermath of the guards.

Leo chuckled softly. "Yesterday, Malik and I traveled to the wall bordering our city when the Human slaves arrived. You going to the kitchen will not be as bad as it was then."

My eyes widened. "Oh." I had no clue they had left the palace. I had assumed. Turning embarrassed eyes away from him, I peered up into the silver glow of Malik's gaze. "Let's feed me."

The kitchen was normal, except for the severed arm in the sink. There were no tattooed marks on the wrist, so it had to be a Mian limb. Though, that recognition gave me no sense of relief. I held both of my hands over my mouth, and tried not to gag. "Please tell me that is not what Mian eat." I had not read anywhere that they were cannibals, but I was learning that our books on them were missing lots of information. Like, you know, pertinent details about being bound to them. "And please tell me that you have something other than that to fill my belly."

Malik snorted and strolled to the colossal sized, steel refrigerator unit. "That is for one of our pets." He opened the fridge and gestured for me to peruse the contents. "Unless of course, you'd like to share with Blaze instead of having what we eat."

I rushed to the fridge and firmly kept my eyes away from the gore, not thinking about what kind of pet Blaze was. My gaze raked over the bizarre items on the shelves. I picked up one container, with what appeared to be chicken inside of it. "How often does a Mian eat, anyway?" I popped the lid and sniffed the meat. Nope. I put it back in a hurry, pushing it to the far back where it belonged, and kept rifling through the goods.

Malik leaned a hip against the counter next to me. "Mian eat once a week. It is all we need." He shrugged. "Unless a female is pregnant. She'll eat three times a week then."

I tilted my head, and glanced up and down his muscular frame. I grunted. "No wonder. It's not like you have many calories to burn."

His thin black brows lifted. "Meaning?"

"Nothing," I muttered, then bent and searched the lower shelves. I absently lifted a blue container. "Is this safe for me to eat?" It had smelled all right, and it appeared like ground beef.

"Yes."

"Okay..." I straightened and shut the fridge door. "Where's the pantry?"

He pointed to our left. "There."

I hit the motherload of sane food in the dry goods section. Happy as a butterfly on a sunny day, I walked out of the pantry holding dry pasta and tomato sauce. I grinned in pure delight. "Spaghetti with meat sauce. Yum."

Still leaning against the counter, Malik crossed his arms and watched as I searched for pots and pans. "We do have a cook who can prepare that for you. I only need to call her."

"Nah. I can do it myself." And make sure none of the blood from the severed arm made its way into my spaghetti sauce. "Have you eaten this week? Do you want me to make you some?"

His reply was not immediate. He eyed my actions as I filled a pot with water. Eventually, he shrugged. "I could eat."

I did a small dance in front of the stove as I clicked the burners on. "Lunch for two coming up!"

My stomach growled in agreement.

I made a lot. I was going to eat!

Inside the kitchen, Malik sat across from me at the wooden picnic style table. His plate sat in front of him untouched. He eyed the food warily, and narrowed his gaze as he watched me take my first bite.

I groaned in pure satisfaction. I was not sure if they had cloned cows here, so I was not going to ask what kind of meat this was. All I knew was it tasted scrumptious. I pointed my fork at his plate. "I didn't poison the food." My shrug was timid. "It's really good. I promise."

Malik's silver iridescent gaze continued to watch while I piled the pasta into my mouth. Those eyes slowly narrowed as they focused on my mouth. My chewing halted as he reached across the table. His warm thumb brushed the corner of my mouth. I was proud I did not flinch at the contact. Staring at his thumb, where a smear of red sauce now lay, he muttered, "You are a messy Human."

I grunted, and lifted another fork full. "I'm starving. I don't care about etiquette right now."

His nose crinkled, but he hesitantly put his thumb into his mouth. His brows furrowed as he slid his digit out, tasting the sauce. "I suppose it isn't dreadful."

"Thanks," I muttered at his horrible compliment. "My teachings on Joyal were not to be a chef, but I can do the basics." Occasionally, I had helped the cook at the boarding house.

He hummed quietly, watching me for a few moments longer. Ultimately, he picked up his own fork and twirled his pasta onto it. "You seem to find much delight in this."

I shrugged. It was food in my belly. And it was good. I had already explained that.

His wide lips parted, taking a large bite. His brows lifted marginally as he chewed. "Thank you."

My resulting smile was small, almost bashful with his gratitude. "You're welcome."

We ate in silence, though it did not feel uncomfortable.

I was merely evaluating him, while he did the same in return.

Exiting the kitchen with a full belly, I heard masculine war cries from the back of the building. My attention slammed to Malik in alarm. "Is the palace being attacked?"

Malik peered down at me with raised brows, and asked with extreme slowness, "If my palace was under siege, don't you think I would know about it?"

My lips thinned into a straight line, but my cheeks flushed. "Fine. But what is that?" I wiggled my shoulders as the pull within me lessened. I blinked. "I think Leo's back there."

Malik sighed heavily, and then grabbed my elbow. He herded me toward the viscous noise. "Yes, Leo's back there. I should be there too. There are games on the back courtyard during this time of the evening."

I could barely keep up with his long gait. As he pulled me, I literally had to jog to keep from falling on my face. "What kind of games do Mian play?" Visions of decapitated heads rolling on the grass were all that came to mind. "I'm not sure if I want to go out there." I tried digging in my heels, but my bare feet slipped on the polished concrete. "Really, Malik, I don't think this is a great idea."

"You're coming." He gripped my elbow even tighter.

"I'm wearing pajamas!" It was a last ditch effort with the massive back door now in my sights.

He snorted. "Nice try." His feet never stopped moving toward the door. "We've hired a seamstress to attend to you tomorrow. She should be able to make clothes small enough to fit you. She normally deals with children."

"Mother Joyal, please keep me safe," I whispered a prayer in English.

Malik's shoulders, actually, shook as he glanced back at me, dragging me along. "You do realize Mother Joyal is the reason why you're here?" A black brow cocked. "Perhaps you should start praying to an entity that listens."

My blink was gradual. "And that would be?"

His grin was shadowed in cruelty. "I'll let you know when I give a damn about perceived holy existences." He opened the door and stepped outside into the cool night air, tugging me with him. The noise of the banshee cries stung my ears with their malice. He peered down at me as he shut the door behind us, and held my frightened gaze. He grunted while his silver eyes ran across my features. "The game is Hujlum. No one dies in this sport." He glanced at his hold on my bare elbow, and his lips curved into the tiniest of real smiles. "Though, there is contact." His grin widened...and I could only stare. His happiness transformed his stunning features to make him even more attractive than he already was. "But not barbaric contact. So don't worry your ridiculous Human mind over that."

Even if I had heard half of what he had just said, I could not speak.

Truly, he really needed to quit smiling like that.

His eyes were not even freaking me out. That was how much pleasure looked good on him.

His shoulders slowly stiffened, and his silver gaze met mine.

Malik did not speak as his head cocked, watching me.

The brutal grip on my arm lessened, and his warm fingers were barely felt on my flesh, like a whispering touch. An unusual shiver ran down my spine and gooseflesh popped up on my arms.

One of his black brows lifted as his gaze twisted in a humored nature, but his lips, they curved into a smirk I did not understand. His tone was deep, affectionate. "Human?"

I gazed at his wide lips, trying to understand why they intrigued me. "Yeah?"

With only the moon to light the area, he bent in slow increments, steadily bring his face closer. In a gentle motion, he tilted his head so our foreheads rested against one another's.

I could barely breathe. It was like the oxygen on this wacked planet was rapidly disappearing.

The private grin he wore grew as he brushed his nose against mine. Slanting his face even closer, his wide lips hovered so his breath heated my lips with each of his steady exhales.

The intimate sensation of sharing each other's oxygen made my toes curl into the cool grass.

With eyes only for his, I trembled, unsure of the warmth growing in my lower abdomen.

Malik whispered, "You have more tomato sauce on your face." Abruptly, he straightened, and I had to lock my legs to keep from stumbling. "Be careful or the Mian will think you're a treat."

My lips parted in humiliation, and I quickly removed my elbow from his lingering hold and started scrubbing at my face. Breathing was much easier when his face was not so close to mine. I felt sauce on my nose and quickly wiped it away, and asked swiftly, "Did I get it all?"

He hummed quietly, his lips twitching as he eyed me. He stuck the tip of his left thumb between his lips. I tried really hard not to analyze the motion. Then he used his slightly damp digit to clean a spot near my right temple. "Now you're good."

I quickly wiped any remaining moisture away from my flesh. "Thanks."

He smiled again. The smile that unnerved me. His glowing gaze squinted in amusement as he watched me. "You're welcome." He chuckled to whatever was running amok inside his thoughts, and tilted his head to the left. "Come. You can try to play Hujlum with the rest of the frightening Mian."

The taunting brought me back to reality. I huffed in indignation. "I'm not frightened." Yes, I was.

"There'll be no arguing then." Malik headed toward a horde of Mian tackling each other.

I swallowed heavily and quickly caught up to him, staying close to his side. I evaluated the 'game' as we trekked across the back courtyard. Other than people bleeding on the ground and shouting in fury, I had no clue what they were doing. "Will I be on your and Leo's team?"

Please say yes.

"I think we could arrange that." Malik bent, and whispered, "Sure you're not afraid?"

"Of course I'm not." Hell yes, I was.

"Good." His gaze turned serious, almost making my steps falter. "Never show fear to a Mian."

I nodded once, not commenting.

He stopped next to Leo on the sidelines of the 'game'.

Leo's chest was heaving in exertion as he drank from a plastic cup, but his golden gaze was straight on us. His perfectly shaped brows lifted, and he asked casually, "Game on?"

Malik hummed, and his lips curved into a forbidding grin. "I do love a challenge."

Leo downed the rest of his drink, and then chuckled. "Oh, God, this will be interesting." He laughed for a full minute, holding his stomach as he did so. My brows puckered as I noticed he had one dimple on his left cheek, making him appear more like an angel with his golden coloring. His sparkling gaze met mine as he gradually calmed himself. While our gazes held, he rubbed the ring on his thumb against his lower lip. He asked in a quiet tone, "Ready to play?"

I inhaled sharply, pulling my gaze away. I peered out to the field. "I'm a quick learner." But from the blood on the grass, I truly hoped they had a healer on hand. There were close to forty Mian men out there, ranging in heights from extremely tall to how-the-hell-did-women-birth-these-men tall.

Malik watched as I evaluated the Mian. "We'll see."

Leo laughed again, and clapped his free hand on Malik's shoulder. "Yes, we will." He chucked his cup into a drift-trashcan, and started running backward onto the field while watching us. "Let's go! Move your lazy asses." He winked at Malik. "The game was already held up waiting on you."

Oh, that wasn't the actual game being played! Thank Mother Joyal...or whatever.

The game, Hujlum, was just another name for: Kick the shit out of the weakest player.

And I was the weakest player.

I was also long past decorum. I had stopped trying to speak in Mianese when I had apparently continued to call everyone a 'cow' when I cursed them. Though, on the plus side of my language barrier, the Mian men had started snickering and making moo sounds, so I was hopeful what I had eaten earlier was indeed cloned cow.

I jabbed a sharp finger at the Mian bully in front of me, and continued cursing, "You are a sadistic bag of shit! Why the hell do you keep giving me the damn ball?" One other fact I had learned was all of these men understood English no matter how fast I was talking, which meant they were of a higher education. All the government officials in Belvar out for playtime. "Seriously! I am going to lose this damn game for us!"

He snickered and brushed his silver hair aside, also speaking in his own native tongue. Though, he did speak much slower, as if I were a halfwit. "If you would quit running into the men you're supposed to avoid, then you would have made it to the target, at least, five times. We have been tackling almost everyone in your path."

It felt like my head might explode. I threw my hands up into the air and shook them. "I can't see them!" The bastards had realized I could only detect them by their glowing eyes, so they had closed them and used their fine hearing and scent to track me. "You don't have any damn lights out here. There's only a sliver of a moon to see by!" More shaking of my hands, but this time right in front of the annoyingly patient man's face. "I am Human!"

"Oh, thank you for reminding us. I'm pretty sure we almost forgot that fact," Malik deadpanned.

I really wanted to stomp my foot I was so mad. "That is not helping."

Leo lightly tugged on my ponytail, peering down at me. His voice was soft and gentle, a coaxing tone that made my shoulders relax. "Just one more time, okay? We're tied right now. They won't expect us to give you the ball again."

I crossed my arms. With much hesitation, I quietly mumbled, "The last guy touched me."

Leo blinked, the gold glow disappearing for a brief moment. "Braita, almost all of them have tackled you at some point. Hujlum is a contact sport. You've had no issue with that so far."

I glanced to the side. Breathed in and out. "I mean, he... touched me." Keeping my attention on a green tree with bright purple leaves, not anywhere near the men huddled around me; I tried not to blush as I uncrossed my arms and hurriedly pointed at my right breast. Just as quickly, I crossed my arms again. "There. He touched me there." I swallowed hard, trying not to tear up, instead, hanging on to my anger. "I did not like that. I won't carry the ball again if the other team can't sustain from their improper dispositions."

For a minute straight, the resulting quiet was so immense that I dared to peek at my team.

Only Leo and Malik were looking at me. The rest were either staring at the ground or had suddenly found the sky immensely fascinating. Though it was Leo and Malik who made me squint to see them better. They both appeared to be completely expressionless as I quickly glanced between them.

I cleared my throat, and lifted my chin. "I meant what I said."

Leo leaned on a hip, and absently scratched his chin. "Which man was it?"

I stayed quiet, trying to remember his name.

Malik grunted; his tone a short growl. "It was Craw."

My brows puckered. "I'm not sure if that's his name, but he has pink hair."

Leo and Malik nodded as one. They stated in unison, "Craw."

Malik lifted a black brow, raising his gaze to Leo. "I wouldn't mind taking this one."

Leo's eyes started to widen before he swiftly blanked his features. He shifted his weight, and then casually shrugged. "I don't mind."

I smirked, but quietly stated, "Don't tell him I tattled." The last thing I wanted was a Mian knowing I had been the reason he was going to get an ass chewing. "Please."

Malik did not even glance down at me. He just stared at Leo. "Left or right?"

Leo tilted his head from side to side in thought. "I'll leave the choice up to you. Though, I do believe he's predominantly right handed."

My brows furrowed. "Are you going to slap his hand?" That seemed childish.

Ignoring me, Malik cracked his neck. "I'll do both. Lesson learned by all."

Leo shrugged, peering at him from under his lashes. "Whatever you want."

"Hello?" I mumbled, waving a hand between their faces. "I asked a question."

No response.

My jaw dropped in shock when Malik turned and walked over to the other team, handling this now. He held all of their attention as he spoke to the man, Craw, with the pink hair. I could not hear what he was saying, but my team around me could. A few of them grimaced when Craw started shaking his head and pointing at me, speaking with animated features of hatred.

The Mian I had been yelling at muttered under his breath, "That wasn't smart."

Leo grunted and crossed his arms, but continued his silence as he stayed by my side.

"What's going on?" I asked, my gaze flying back and forth between the teams. "I can't hear-"

Craw's terrified bellow drowned out my words.

I gasped, and grabbed my stomach. I could not look away.

Malik's right hand...it was now inside Craw's chest.

He had grabbed Craw by the throat so fast I had not even seen the action, but I had seen when he had punched his other fist straight into Craw's ribs. His hand had sunk in, up to his wrist. Craw's mouth was parted wide in agony, his head lolling back toward the sky. Vomit rose in the back of my throat as Malik jerked his right hand free of Craw's chest.

In his grip was Craw's heart.

I blinked, my words choked. "I think I'm done playing tonight." I turned, holding a hand over my mouth, and quickly walked back inside the palace where my ten guards were waiting for me. I barely made it to my bedroom to puke in the solitude of my bathroom.

Footnote for my new life on Triaz: Don't tattle.

I would like to say witnessing the brutal death of Craw kept me out of Leo and Malik's bedroom as the blessed sun began to rise. But it did not. I was once again creeping through their darkened bedroom. My stomach still rolled with the vision of Malik holding Craw's heart, but I knew that situation had been of my own making. If I would have paid better attention at the time, I would have noticed the way Malik or Leo always hovered directly next to me, each taking turns watching over me. Sitting alone in my room for the last five hours had given me plenty of time to reflect. Their movements had been acts of possession. The one thing I knew for certain from my readings was when a Mian called someone their own, they were brutal in their thoughts and actions to keep it that way.

And I was their Soul.

I should have kept my mouth shut and kneed Craw the next time I had come across him.

I also was not sure if I would ever become accustomed to the cruelty of the Mian, but I was a quick study. What happened today would not happen again. Not if I could help it, anyway. I would handle indiscretions such as that on my own, unless the act truly deserved a harsh punishment. Only then would I confront Leo and Malik with a problem.

Lesson learned.

Sighing quietly, I tried not to grunt as I began moving the recliner on the left, my recliner, to the foot of their bed. I had remembered to shut the door immediately after bringing my comforter into the room. The area was pitch-black. I could not see anything. I was navigating by touch and memory.

I stalled in my efforts when I heard the toilet flush in their bathroom. I had not even glanced at the bed when I had entered the room, just focusing on the logistics of shutting their door quickly. I held my breath and glanced to the left. The door squeaked quietly as it opened. Silver, shining eyes peered directly at me, not moving, as Malik froze. My lips thinned as I stared into his gaze through the darkness. Pulling my nerve together took more effort than I would have imagined, but I eventually asked, "May I sleep in here again?"

In a slow and steady pace, those glowing eyes started to edge closer. "You're not afraid of me?"

Honestly, I was not sure anymore. Even after tonight. "No, I'm not."

Nonetheless, never show fear.

He hummed softly. "So you were listening."

"I always do," I stated respectfully.

He grunted, eyeing me another moment, and then in a tender action, he placed one of his hands on my left shoulder and nudged me over a step. "I'll get the chair for you." He lifted the recliner with effortless strength and placed it at the foot of their bed. "Sleep safe." He walked to his side of the bed, and the shine of his eyes dipped as he got in. "That's what Mian say. Not 'good night'."

I had actually wondered about that. "Thank you for explaining." Clearing my throat, I picked up my comforter and gently relaxed onto the recliner, careful when I released the footstool this time. It rose with minimal noise. I smiled softly to myself, and then covered up with my fluffy blanket. Lying on my side, I viewed the silver eyes that were watching me from the top of the bed. "Sleep safe."

Golden, glowing eyes suddenly flared only inches from my face. I clamped my mouth shut on the scared squeal that almost sounded, my entire body jerking at the sudden closeness of Leo. My heart thumped a mile a minute inside my chest and my hands were now trembling. The damn Mian had been lying in wait with his head at the foot of the bed. He was so close in the darkness that I could see his white teeth flash as he grinned with impish delight. "The same to you, Braita."

I grumbled a curse, puffing out a large breath. "That wasn't nice."

His resulting chuckle was pure mischief. "I never said I was nice." He winked. "Go to sleep."

I glared, but after my heartbeat calmed, I found myself reaching out. Near where his head lay, my right hand found his on the bed. At the contact, his gaze locked on mine, but with a smooth and slow motion, he began intertwining our fingers together. It was the first skin-to-skin connection I had ever initiated in my entire life.

It did not feel illegal. The action did not feel wrong at all.

I realized I felt completely safe.

With him. And Malik. In this implausible world.

My life was changing so much; it would make a lesser woman lose her sanity.

On a shaky exhale, I closed my eyes at the recognition I now understood.

I fell asleep as a comforting peace of belonging flooded my entire being.

My hand never left Leo's the entire night.

This, with them, could really be my home.

Sitting outside in the back courtyard, I watched the blessed sun as it began its descent. While the Mian may be of the night, I had found my own soul needed the day. Since arriving on Triaz two weeks ago, I had begun waking far before Leo and Malik just so I could be outside and feel the sun's heat on my face. My ten guards always accompanied me on my trek. They wore blackened goggles that matched their dark attire to protect their eyes, even though they still stood in the shade of an overhang.

My thoughts always continued to wonder to Jax while I sat out here. I had no clue how he was being treated by the Mian of the east. I had asked Leo and Malik if I could write him a letter, but they had tossed my question aside with arrogant flare. They never appreciated when I spoke of Jax, almost acting as if the mere mention of his name was an irritation.

But I still thought about him and worried for his safety. I missed him dreadfully.

I knew I had it easy here. I now had clothing that fit, beautiful clothes made of the softest materials on Triaz. Malik and Leo had insisted I also have shoes. I did not wear them all the time, but I would occasionally wear a pair of sandals that I particularly liked.

I ran my hands over the silken grass as I watched the sun fade from view, the sky gradually turning from a shade of molten red to the indigo of twilight. It was beautiful and mesmerizing, my quiet sigh of contentment floating away on the now cooling breeze. I lifted the light cashmere sweater I had brought out with me and pulled it over my head, covering my white tank top.

With one last glance at the sky, I stood to my feet and brushed off my black trousers. These were my favorite pair of pants, one of the few Malik and Leo had agreed I could have made, other than the dresses I now had. The pants fit me perfectly at the waist and gently flared to the bottom. My bare toes peeked out just beyond the edges of the relaxed material. When I wore them, Malik and Leo would practically roll their eyes, knowing I had heaps of dresses in my closet. Dresses I knew they much preferred. I may wear these pants more than I normally would, just to see their reactions, it was decidedly entertaining. All of the Mian women inside the palace always wore dresses, even the chef, Krim, who I had become well acquainted with.

The thought of her made my thoughts brighten. She was sure to have something ready for me.

I waved to my guards, indicating I was ready to go inside. I swear some of them slept while standing. It was always the same ten men, so they had to get some shuteye sometime. Five walked in front of me, and the other five behind me. They knew my routine by now, so we first headed to the kitchen where Krim did, indeed, have my breakfast laid out for me. I grabbed the cinnamon bagel and the apple as we continued on our trek, munching on the apple first. Initially, I'd had to explain to Krim what a Human ate, but she was speedy at her work and her experiments were quick-witted and, mostly, delicious. It was safe to say Krim was one of my favorites here in the palace.

My guards stopped as I walked into my bedroom. They never entered my private quarters.

I tossed the core of the apple away, and nibbled at my bagel as I crossed to the adjoining door leading to my Vaq's room. Malik was the teensiest bit obsessive about the organization of their bedroom. Every night I slept in the recliner at the foot of their bed, but if I did not put the chair back where it normally belonged, he was grumpy as hell for the first half of the night. I had quickly learned that as soon as I was done with my time out in the sun, I should hurry back, when they were just waking, and return the recliner to its rightful location.

Taking a large bite of my cinnamon spiced breakfast, I opened the door to their bedroom.

I came to a silent halt.

My eyes...no, my thoughts just stalled.

At first, I could not comprehend what I was seeing.

Their windows were already unfrosted, so the twilight sky shone inside.

Malik and Leo were in bed.

But by that, I meant, Leo was lying on his back and Malik was positioned over him.

Their comforter had slipped down to just below Malik's waist, and I could tell they were both naked. Malik's hips were thrusting forward in a rhythmic rocking motion, the blanket lifting and lowering with each of his movements. Leo's head was arched back as he groaned in what sounded like pained pleasure, his bronze cheeks flushed.

As I swallowed the bite of my bagel on a dry throat, Malik leaned down and touched his lips to Leo's in the most tender action I had ever viewed before. Their mouths meshed together in gradual strokes, as if they were each other's oxygen and breathing one another in.

And their chests...there were silver lightning bolts shining along their flesh.

My wide eyes stalled on Malik's back. Between the radiating streaks of light, his flesh was marred with thin scars. Those marks were not just battle wounds. The crisscrossing marks that etched his back muscles could only be from repeated beatings. Or torture.

My gaze snapped away from Malik's abnormal wounds when Leo lifted his left hand and grabbed onto the back of Malik's head. Leo threaded his fingers through Malik's black hair and gripped tight. Malik's hips began to pump with more force, and their kiss escalated from adoring affection to much more primitive in hunger.

Bizarrely, as I stood froze in place, my gaze landed on their nightstand.

On it sat my two rings.

They...had taken them off.

A feeling, unlike I had ever known, rolled my stomach in a flurry of nausea.

My wide gaze slammed back to them in their obvious love for one another.

A quiet whimper choked from deep within me.

Malik and Leo had lied. They had acted as if their Soul was made specifically for them.

But I was not anyone special to my Vaq. They had each other.

Leo's glowing gaze snapped open at the sound of my distressed choke. His angelic face slammed in my direction, his mouth disconnecting from his lover's. Though, it did not appear that Malik had heard me, his ministrations not stopping as he tilted his head to kiss along Leo's jaw. Leo's entire body froze as his golden eyes scanned my face; the lightning bolts that had been shining on his torso stopped their frantic glow. His kiss swollen lips parted, and he whispered, "Malik, love, you need to stop."

Malik instantly halted as his lover's quiet words. His dark head of hair tipped up as he stared down at Leo. His voice was breathless as he rumbled, "What's wrong?"

Leo did not say anything. He only continued to hold my gaze, which was swiftly turning glacial.

Malik stared a beat longer, and then his attention snapped in my direction.

Before they could say anything else, frigid words spewed from deep inside me. "You should have locked the door." My voice was off. The tone echoed how my new found home had just been rocked and shattered. I marched forward, even as Malik swiftly pulled the blanket up over his back. Other than that, they did not move an inch as I ignored them and tossed the remains of my bagel on their nightstand, and then grabbed the two rings there.

Staying silent in my gut clenching hurt, I turned on my heel and marched toward my room.

It was dead quiet behind me until Malik growled, "Fuck."

I quickened my pace as I heard sheets rustling.

With extreme agitation, Leo snarled, "Where the hell are my damn pants?"

I slammed the door behind me. There was no lock on my side of the door, so I swiftly grabbed the boots that I had saved from arrival day. Rapidly thumping my feet into them, I grabbed a black cloak on my way out of my bedroom. My guards came to attention seeing me. I quickly slipped the rings into my pant pocket, and feigned severe anxiety, crying, "There's something wrong with Malik and Leo!" I pointed with my free hand inside my bedroom. "The door's unlocked. Please go help them!"

I almost snorted when all ten charged inside to 'help' their Plumas. Dumbasses.

With no guards to watch me, I shoved my arms into my cloak and raced down to the first floor.

I made it all the way out to the front courtyard before anyone noticed. But it was too late for the palace guards to catch me. I was already gearing one of the hover bikes. This technology was no different than on Joyal. I had driven these a hundred times before, and I also knew they would not start without a key. Hence why all the keys from the five other hov-bikes were now inside my pant pocket. The palace guards had left them in the ignitions. In their defense, they probably had not expected anyone to steal from the palace grounds. It worked for me. No one would initially be able to take chase.

I flicked my finger, taking the bike into first gear. A rush of air shot my vehicle for escape straight up into the air. In a blast of freed exhilaration, I soared higher than the palace was tall. Just as I heard Malik and Leo shouting my name from the ground, my cloak blew out behind me as I shifted gears and hit the accelerator.

I was getting the hell away from their mind games.

I would rather live on the street than be played with like a lab rat in a glass maze.

My eyes were burning from the harsh wind, but I did not stop.

Not even when I heard sirens blare over the city I was flying over.

I headed east. Toward my one ally on this planet.

