Chapter One

Vera

I've never had good taste in men. I've always gone for the bad boys who broke my heart right after getting all they wanted from me in bed. I could have felt sorry for myself about it, but really I was just as much to blame. You know the old saying 'we can't choose who we love'? Well, it's bullshit. Complete and utter bullshit. We can choose, but usually we don't. We give in to our carnal desires and urges, all those secret longings that run completely counter to what we actually need. And the truth is we should. Maybe it's not the safest thing, and it's definitely not the smartest, but it's what makes us feel alive. And if you don't feel alive, then why bother breathing?

There was no reason for me to wait for him. Jared was an arrogant jerk. An arrogant, Pteron jerk who may or may not have hurt my baby sister. For that possibility alone I should have left him in the cave to rot, but I couldn't. The weak (read: human) side of me couldn't. Whether he hurt Casey in the past or not, he was only stuck in the cave because he saved her. And that reality, the one that included Casey being alive and well in the arms of a guy who loved her, was the only reality I could accept. Jared may have been a jerk, but he'd saved the most important person in my life. The only important person in it. And that was why I was still hiding in the brush hours after Casey and Toby took off. I was done waiting around. I had to go after him.

"Vera," Finn hissed when he saw me emerge from the tree line. I'd luckily found the clothes I'd stowed so I wasn't naked after shifting back into my human form. I'd learned that lesson the hard way. Always leave extra sets of clothes around.

"Keep your voice down." I put a finger to my lips. Finn was a decent guy, but he wasn't the sharpest.

"What are you doing here?" He lowered his voice a fraction. "Murphy is going to know you helped spring your sister. He's going to kill you. He'll do whatever he has to in order to keep the boss happy."

I laughed dryly. "Murphy wouldn't mind killing me even if it wasn't for the boss." I couldn't even remember what I ever saw in him. Oh yeah, his muscles and ability to piss my parents off just by showing up.

Finn looked away. "I won't deny my brother's a psycho."

"Good, because if you did I'd tell you to stop being delusional." I couldn't put into words what Murphy had become. Either he'd hidden his dark side from me, or in the years I'd spent with him that side of him had grown stronger. Maybe it was a mix of both.

"But seriously, Vera. Get lost. Do you have a death wish?" Finn kicked around some dirt.

"I can't just leave Jared here." I sounded so lame it disgusted me, but it was the truth. I'd already made up my mind, and I'm the kind of person who never backs down once I've made it up. Sometimes that's a great trait, sometimes it's not.

Finn grinned. "Oh no. You've got it bad for the Pteron, huh?"

"No. Of course not." Sure, he was hot and from what I surmised from the bulge in his pants I'd noticed when I'd stripped in front of him, he had size going for him, but that didn't mean I was interested. There were plenty of better options out there.

"Then what is it? I've never seen you care about anyone other than yourself or your sister before." Finn's words were harsh, but true. I didn't care about or trust anyone else. Even my parents kept my identity from me my whole life. I didn't hate my mom, but I had some serious anger. I wasn't sure what I'd say to her if I ever saw her again.

"And he saved her." That was the only reason I was ever going to admit.

"I'm sure that's it." Finn rolled his eyes. The action made him look even younger. I wondered what kind of man he'd have turned out to be if he hadn't been under his brother's influence. Undoubtedly a much better one. The best part of leaving when I did was that Casey got away from me before I could influence her too much. Yet she somehow still got messed up with Jared. At least in the end she picked the right guy. She was a good girl. She deserved a hell of a lot more than I did.

"It is." I stepped toward him. "Want to keep arguing with me?"

"No." He held up his hands. "I agree the guy saved Casey. That makes up for the Pteron part."

"Even after all that crap your brother put in your head you care about her, don't you?"

He shrugged. "She's a sweet girl."

"A sweet girl who you treated like dirt." I never knew exactly what happened between them, but he'd broken her. She wasn't the same after the time they spent together, and no matter how helpful he was now, I'd never forgive him for destroying her innocence.

"Only because I had to." He looked off in the distance. "I needed to keep her away."

"You shouldn't have slept with her in the first place."

"Do you really want to waste time arguing about this right now?" The look of remorse in his eyes was enough.

"No." I crossed my arms. "How long before everyone else gets back?"

He glanced at his watch. "Soon. They've already been gone longer than usual. And get a watch."

"No thanks." A watch was just something else to worry about when I shifted.

"You can't go in there." He stood up straighter like he was actually going to try to stop me. He was stronger, but I was faster.

"I'm getting tired of this dance." I stepped around him.

He grabbed my arm. "Listen, I don't want you dead. Ok?" There was a brutal honesty in his eyes that seemed genuine. "If you're set on trying to get Jared, then at least give yourself a chance."

"A chance? What are you getting at?"

He looked over his shoulder. "There's a back way into the caves."

"Really?" I'd definitely never heard that before.

"I found it by accident, and I don't think anyone else knows."

"And you're just telling me now? Couldn't that have helped us earlier?"

"No, because it's not something you could get through as a human, and your Pteron friend wanted in. It would be a Pteron's worst nightmare. You'll have to shift so you can crawl through it. Your bear form is small, no offense, so it should be even easier for you."

"Considering the circumstances I'll let it slide." Female bears were almost always smaller, but I wouldn't have minded being an exception.

"Good. You're going to have to go through the woods and around to the north side." He paused. "You got it?"

"I'm guessing you're staying here."

"If I'm not standing guard, I'll tip them off."

"True." I started toward the woods.

"Vera?" He called lightly.

"Yes?"

"You aren't going to try to take down the boss, right? You're only going in for Jared?"

"Would I ever do something like that?" I winked. If the opportunity presented itself I'd take the boss down in a heartbeat, but anyone capable of capturing a Pteron, in a cave or not, was dangerous. I wasn't holding my breath.

After one last glance back at Finn I made my way around toward the north side of the cave.

Chapter Two

Toby

Casey had been sleeping for hours. We'd barely made it back to my apartment in New York City before she collapsed. I left her sitting on the couch while I made a few phone calls, and by the time I came back she was sound asleep. I'd easily carried her into my room-which I was hoping she'd start considering our room. We hadn't exactly had a conversation about it in the time since she escaped from the cave, but as far as I was concerned she needed to move in. With the boss, whoever that was, on the loose I was going to minimize the time she spent out of my sight. It's not that she couldn't take care of herself, but there was too much going on to leave things up to chance.

She woke up long enough to slide out of her cut off shorts before curling up under the blankets and going back to sleep. The exhaustion made sense on the surface-she'd just been through a crazy ordeal, but she was a Pteron. Our bodies require so little sleep that just passing out like that is rare. It only happens when we're sick, and Pterons are almost never sick.

I undressed down to my boxers and slipped in next to her. I held her in my arms, watching her slow breathing. She seemed fine, but what if there was something I was missing? As much as he wasn't my favorite person, I kind of wished Levi was back from his honeymoon. I wanted his take on things. After Casey had fallen asleep I'd placed a quick call to Georgina to let her know Casey was all right. Knowing her, she'd be on her way up to New York already. I was positive she'd be of some help. The woman was intimidating, but she also knew everyone and seemed to have an infinite knowledge base.

Casey stirred, mumbled something incoherently, and then curled up even tighter against me. I rubbed her back gently, needing to touch her and desperate to talk to her. There was so much more to say. I was so in love with Casey, and I didn't even know what to do with the feelings. She seemed to feel the same way, which almost felt too good to be true. I kept waiting for the other shoe to fall. Things never worked out so easily for me.

"Toby?" She said my name in such a soft voice that I wasn't sure if she was awake.

"Hey, I'm right here."

She opened her beautiful blue eyes. "How long have I been sleeping?" She yawned. She still seemed tired.

I tried to hide my concern, but I had to tell her the truth. "Since we got home, it's been hours."

She glanced around the room. "We are home, aren't we?"

I smiled, loving how easily she accepted my bedroom as home. "Yes."

"Have you heard from Vera or Jared?" She struggled to sit up, so I adjusted the pillows to make it easier. She smiled. "Thank you."

"Nothing yet, but who knows if either have a working phone, or if they have any service." I tried to play it off as nonchalant, but I was nervous too. I'd been so worried about Casey that I hadn't been thinking about it.

"What if something's happened? It's been a long time. We need to go back." She started getting out of bed. "We can't leave them there."

I put a hand on her shoulder to get her to stop. "It hasn't been that long, we need to be patient. We can't just go back to the cave."

"Why not? We'll be prepared. We can go in quietly." Her hands balled into fists. She wanted to be ready for action, but I couldn't let her for both selfish and completely logical reasons.

"You just slept for four hours."

She turned back toward me, and I saw understanding cross her face. "I haven't slept that long since I transformed for the first time." Understanding was replaced by panic.

I took her hand in my own. "I know..."

"Yet I'm still tired." She ran a hand through her messy brown hair. I loved when it looked all tousled. It was Casey at her most real.

"I can tell."

"Maybe it's just from all the stress." She sat up even more.

I let out a deep breath. I had to broach the topic. "Or from something they did to you..."

"They didn't do anything to me." She looked away, which meant she was hiding something. "They didn't do anything."

I ran my thumb over her hand. "Casey, you need to be completely honest with me. I can't help you unless you tell me things."

"I'm telling you what I remember."

"You promise?" I hated pushing her. I wanted her to know I trusted her, but I had to be sure.

She leaned up and kissed me. "I promise."

"Do you want to sleep some more?"

"Not a chance. I need to keep moving on with the day so I can stop worrying so much." She stood up, easily shrugging off my hand. Sometimes I forgot how strong she was now. "I need to take a shower."

"I don't suppose you want company?" I hoped she would take my comment for what it was, a joke. I'd have loved to join her, but I knew sex was the last thing on her mind.

"You can join me." She pulled off her top and slid off her panties. "I don't want to be alone."

My jaw dropped as I enjoyed the view of her retreating figure heading toward the bathroom. "Really?" Casey usually didn't have a problem being alone. I hoped it was just an excuse to have me join her.

She glanced over her shoulder. "I told you yes."

I didn't need her to tell me for a third time. I shed my boxers and hurried after her into the shower.

"I don't want to do anything. I just want you with me." She turned on the water, and I waited patiently while she adjusted it to the right temperature.

"That's fine with me. I'll be good." It wouldn't be easy to resist her, but I'd do what she wanted.

"You're amazing, Toby. Too good to be true."

I took a long look at her as she stepped underneath the stream of water. "No, I think you're the one who's too good to be true."

She closed her eyes as the water poured over her. I watched with the same awe as I did each and every time I got to see her body. I loved every single inch of her. She was so strong, yet so delicate at the same time.

She opened her eyes and caught me staring. "Oh. I guess I'm hogging all the water."

I laughed. "That's not why I'm looking at you."

She stepped out from under the spray. "Oh?"

I took my turn under the water, glad to watch her eyes sweep over me.

She smiled as she watched. "I'm guessing you were doing exactly what I'm doing right now."

"Pretty much." I pulled her under the spray with me. I wrapped her up in my arms, needing to hold her, to feel her heart beat. She was okay. The sleep was nothing. Maybe if I said it enough times I'd actually believe it, but I didn't. I couldn't.

She brushed some wet hair away from her face. "Everything is going to be okay, isn't it?"

"I hope so." I wanted to give her more, but I couldn't. Misleading her or giving her false hope wasn't going to help anyone. I kissed her gently on the lips. I kept it light, wanting to respect her wishes.

"I think I'm a bad person."

"What?" I took her face in my hands, ignoring the water pouring over us. "Why would you say that? Is this about what happened with Jared again, because I thought we had already moved on?"

"No. It's more current."

"Oh?" At least we weren't going down that road again.

"I want you. I shouldn't with everything else going on, but right now watching water stream down your body I just need you."

"That doesn't make you a bad person. I'm feeling exactly the same way."

"Would we be bad people if we gave in to that urge?"

"No, but you'd be mad at yourself." It took every ounce of restraint to say the words. The last thing I wanted was for her to add more guilt to her plate.

"I love you, Toby."

"I love you too, Casey." I kissed her again, but I kept it short and sweet. If I took things too far neither of us would be able to stop.

She reached around me and shut off the water. "I guess it's time to get back to reality."

"I guess so."

I stepped out and grabbed a towel. I dried her off before I moved on to myself. I loved doing those kinds of things for her, the intimate things that you had to earn the right to do.

I hung up the towel and followed her into the bedroom. I had no desire to get back to reality, but I knew we didn't have a choice.

Chapter Three

Toby

We'd just moved back into the bedroom when the knocking started. Casey tensed. I was almost positive who it was, so I quickly got dressed. "I'll take care of it. Take your time."

"Thanks." She started rummaging through my drawers.

I smiled. I loved how she made herself at home among my stuff. I tore my gaze from her and walked out into the main room. I waited just inside the door. "Who is it?"

"It's me. Let me in!" Georgina hollered.

I opened the door, knowing that making the Laurent matriarch wait any longer than necessary would be a mistake.

"Finally." She strode right in. She had no problem taking charge even in my apartment. "Where's my granddaughter?"

"How'd you get up here?" I was going to have to double up on the security.

"Of course the doorman let me up."

I refrained from a snappy retort. No member of The Society could say no to Georgina easily. She may have been human, but she was intense.

"Georgina?" Casey walked out of my room wearing a pair of my gym shorts and a worn-in blue t-shirt. She looked cute, but I knew her grandmother wouldn't agree.

"Thank goodness." Georgina wrapped her up in her arms. The two hugged for several moments before they finally broke apart. When Georgina picked her head up, I even saw tears sliding down her cheeks.

"You got here fast." Casey smiled. She already seemed to have developed a bond with her grandmother.

"I came as soon as I could. I'm still trying to track down someone who knows how to reach Leviathan."

"Jared's the only one who knows." I'd heard Levi tell Jared not to mention it to anyone else.

"Jared?" Georgina asked with confusion for a second, and I held in a laugh. "Oh. That's Jett's son."

"Yes." Casey wiped her eyes. "But he's unavailable."

"Unavailable." Georgina set her large handbag down on the side table. "No one is unavailable to me."

Casey laughed silently. "He saved me and went back in to get rid of the boss."

"The what?"

Casey and I exchanged a glance. Evidently no one had clued Georgina in. "You're going to want to sit down for this."

"I could also use a cup of tea. You don't happen to have any do you, Toby?"

I smiled. She knew my name. "Actually I do. Earl Grey okay?"

"Yes. That's perfect." She patted my arm. "I knew I liked you."

I left Casey and her grandmother alone while I went to make the tea. I knew that was what the request was really about. Georgina was good at finding excuses to keep people busy when she needed to.

I took my time putting on the water. Having Georgina on my side was a good thing. If she wanted me with Casey she'd make things a lot easier for us. While I waited for the water to boil on the stove I started a pot of coffee. Casey would want some.

I gave the two the space I knew they needed, but it was hard not to listen in. Georgina was worried, and I didn't blame her. Something just wasn't right with Casey.

I tuned in and out of their conversation as I waited, and then the topic seemed to have changed to what had been happening with us. I poured two cups of coffee and the cup of tea for Georgina. I brought the tea and Casey's cup in first. Casey smiled appreciatively when I set it down on the coffee table in front of her. She was sitting on the couch next to Georgina. I went back for my coffee before taking a seat on the love seat that was catty corner to the couch.

Georgina turned to me as soon as I was seated. "Tell me more about the boss."

I took a sip of coffee. "There isn't much to tell. No one seems to know who he is."

"You really don't remember anything more, sweetie?" Georgina put a hand on Casey's arm.

Sweetie? Georgina really was a softie when it came to Casey.

"It was all a blur. There was chanting and maybe smoke. It was all so hazy." Casey bit her lip which made me think she was hiding something. I couldn't push for more answers in front of Georgina, but she needed to tell me everything.

"Sounds like quadrious witchcraft."

"What?" Casey and I asked at once.

"It isn't used much anymore. It's a much older practice and completely forbidden."

"What is it exactly?"

"It's a multi-layered type of magic that influences the person both physically and mentally."

"Oh. That's kind of scary." Casey shifted in her seat.

"For a Pteron the mental part wouldn't be an issue."

"But the physical part would?" Casey asked quickly.

"Yes. That's why it's been outlawed for well over five hundred years."

"So theoretically I could be physically affected by what the boss did?"

Georgina hesitated for a moment like she was debating what to say. "Yes. Are you feeling any different?"

"She's slept a lot." I offered up.

"Maybe it was a weakening spell." Georgina pursed her lips. "But that's a lot of work for such a small thing. It doesn't make much sense."

"Does anything ever make sense with paranormals?" I leaned back and stretched out my legs. The stress was starting to catch up with me. Well the stress mixed with the knowledge that the magic could have influenced Casey mentally too, but Georgina couldn't be sure of that yet.

"You don't view yourself as a paranormal." Georgina wasn't asking a question.

I chose my words carefully. "I'm a Pteron, I accept that, it's just that sometimes I miss being human."

"You and me both." Casey's smile cut through everything and warmed me. She really was the only other person who understood how I felt.

"I'm surprised you came back here." Georgina crossed her legs. "You could have run."

"And in another life I would have. I would have taken Casey and never looked back, but that would have been cowardly, and it wasn't what Casey wanted."

Casey pulled her legs up under her. It's how she seemed to be the most comfortable. "I just want everything to go back to normal. If we can just be sure that Vera and Jared are ok, it's all over."

"Do you really believe that?" Georgina's voice softened as she addressed Casey. "Do you really believe things will settle down that easily?"

"I take it that you don't?" I asked. The more time I spent with Georgina, the less intimidated I was. I was beginning to understand the way she thought.

"Things have been a mess in The Society since I was first introduced to it. In the beginning I actually believed it could change, but now." She held out her hands. "Now I've stopped buying into delusions."

"If Casey was influenced by the magic, is there anything we can do to get rid of it?"

Georgina leaned forward slightly. "You mean for the physical effects?"

Casey and I exchanged glances. Did Georgina know more than she was letting on?

"Yes," I replied.

"Most of the healers I know wouldn't have a clue what to do. Even my most trusted healer, Mayanne, couldn't handle this type of magic."

"But there are healers who can?"

Georgina smoothed out her skirt. "I've heard there are bears who can."

"Bears?" Casey said the word slowly. "Great."

"You are friends with a few, aren't you?" Georgina asked. "Perhaps they might be of help. Just be careful to only give minimal details and say nothing to anyone but the most trustworthy." Georgina's expression seemed slightly off, like she was hiding something. She knew more than she was telling us.

I nodded. "Of course."

"Have you talked to Robert-my father?" Casey seemed to still be struggling with how to view the man who fathered her. I understood. It was a lot to take in.

"No." Georgina shook her head. "I didn't want to tell you this, but I think it's time we all put our cards on the table."

Casey moved over to sit next to me. I took her hand in mine. I felt a burst of contentment knowing she came to me for support.

Georgina smiled lightly. She'd noticed, and if I wasn't imagining things, she approved of Casey's faith in me.

"What is it? What do you know?" I asked her.

Georgina sighed. "Robert never came back from Hawaii after the wedding."

"Never came back?" I sat forward.

She shook her head. "Helen flew back with me, but Robert took off on his own. He said something about meeting someone, but he's never returned."

"Can't you track the jet?" Casey asked.

"No. We always stay off the radar. That's how Levi was able to hide where he was going too." She took a slow sip of her tea. "I don't know what to think now. Helen is beside herself. Of all times for Leviathan to be away."

Casey moved back over to sit next to her grandmother. "Georgina, you must be so worried. I'm so sorry."

Georgina nodded. "I'm just glad you're all right. When I thought we'd lost you..." She wiped her eyes.

"I'm fine. Toby and Jared came to save me."

"We need to get you down to New Orleans. Word's spread about what happened after the wedding. We need to show everyone that you're fine, and that things will return back to normal."

"Why does everything have to be so much about appearances?" Casey sighed. "Who cares?"

Georgina took her hands. "You're part of a royal family, Casey. Appearance matters because it's what maintains control. If we let people know how chaotic things are, there will be hysteria and upheaval. It's okay to be frightened and angry and any of the feelings you have, but you can't show them. You have to stay strong. We have to stay united." Georgina's eyes lit up. "Wait. That's it. It's perfect."

"What is?" I asked. What could possibly be perfect?

"You two."

"Us?" Casey asked.

"Yes. You two. As a couple."

"But how?" My mind moved a mile a minute. What was she suggesting? "We're both Pterons."

"Yeah? I already told you the rules are hogwash."

"When did you say that?" Casey asked.

"I told him." She nodded toward me. "Anyway, what could be stronger than a union between two of the strongest ranking Pteron families?"

"You want us to go public?"

"Go public?" She raised an eyebrow. "As if you weren't before?"

"Won't people complain about the taboo?"

"Who cares if they do? That will only cause more of a distraction. No one will talk about the bear uprising if they're focused on the star-crossed lovers."

"I thought we symbolized unity? Now we're star-crossed?" I was admittedly confused with her line of thinking.

"I'll figure out the details, it's not a problem. I just need you both in New Orleans. And you need to get your ring." She turned her own ring around her finger. It was covered in rubies and nearly, if not completely, identical to the one that Allie now wore.

"My ring?" I asked. "As in the ring?"

"Yes. Make the proposal epic, Toby. The entire Society will be watching."

"Proposal?" Casey sat up with a start. "We're not there yet."

"Yes you are." With that Georgina stood up. "I know you're still hiding things from me, and I expect you to spill them, but we have plans to make."

Casey and I exchanged a look. Did Georgina know? For an agonizing second I debated telling her to stop and spilling everything, but it wasn't my secret to tell. It was Casey's.

Georgina headed to the door and then stopped suddenly and walked back. She pulled Casey into a hug. "I'm so glad you're okay."

"Thank you."

"I can't wait for you to come home." Georgina kissed her on the cheek. "Family is important. It's where you should look for answers." She walked back to the door. "I'll see you both soon."

After she walked out, I closed and locked the door behind her. "So, that was crazy."

"The part about Robert being missing or the part about our fake engagement? Or maybe the part when she hinted that she knew about my mom?"

"Fake engagement?" I pulled Casey into my arms. "I'm only proposing to you if it's real. Don't worry about that."

"But we're not ready to make that kind of commitment, are we?"

"Just trust me, Casey. I'm never making any declarations about you, me, or us, that aren't real."

She brushed her lips against mine. "Like I said before, you're too good to be true."

"Same to you, love. Same to you."

Chapter Four

Jared

"Fuck." That was becoming the most used word in my vocabulary. Nothing else sufficed in my current situation.

I was stuck in a cave-let's rephrase that. I was stuck in a small room inside a cave. It was more than the lack of space causing the problems, it was that witch who made it impossible for me to transform. The place was so completely dark my night vision didn't even work. Because that wasn't enough, I was naked. Completely naked. I'd taken my shirt off willingly, but I hadn't signed up to have a crazy witch rip off my pants and boxers while leaving me incapacitated by some spell. Fortunately witches couldn't influence Pteron minds, but evidently there were some that could stop you from transforming and weaken you. I'd never heard of it before, but I wasn't a fan. I wasn't a fan at all. On top of all that she'd chained me to the damned wall.

I had to get out. I had to get word to Levi. If Tiffany was telling the truth, he and Allie weren't even going to make it home. And Casey? Tiffany had screwed with her mind. Who knew what kind of trouble she could be in?

"Miss me?"

I cringed as soon as I heard Tiffany's voice. How had I believed she was a sweet girl too innocent for me to even touch? Talk about completely misjudging someone. I never misjudged people. It was my job to know who and what everyone was. Had she really been there under my nose for so long without me noticing? Owen had always warned me that I became blind around a nice rack and blonde hair. Unfortunately it looked like he was right. If I ever got out, I was sticking to brunettes and red heads.

I blinked a few times as my eyes adjusted to the light she carried. "What do you think?"

She laughed in a forced way. "Oh, Jared. I don't see why you're playing so hard to get."

"I'm not playing anything." I glared at her. "These aren't exactly wonderful accommodations."

"They're not?" She stepped toward me. "What would you prefer? Certainly not a bed. The word on campus is you like it hard, rough, and anything but romantic." She stopped right in front of me. "Certainly a guy like that wouldn't mind a cave wall."

"We're not talking about how I like to fuck."

She grinned. "We aren't?"

"No."

"But isn't that all you think about?"

"You know as well as I do that that isn't true."

She laughed again. "Of course it is. It's the only thing you're good at."

"Is that so? Then why are you keeping me here? If I'm so worthless what can I possibly do if you let me go?"

"I didn't say you were worthless." She grabbed my balls.

I groaned, and not in the good way.

"People listen to you. That's enough of a reason to keep you here."

"How'd you become such a bitch? Is there a class for it or something?" That was the wrong thing to say. She tightened her grip.

"Were you saying something?"

I closed my eyes. "Ok. Truce."

"Truce? There are no truces here." She let go.

"Are you so power hungry that you'll destroy innocent people? Kill innocent people?"

"Who's innocent in any of this?" She stepped back and crossed her arms.

"Allie. What did Allie ever do to you?"

"Nothing. She's always been nice, but queen. She lost the innocent label the day she took the crown."

"That's bullshit."

"Is it?" She brushed several blond curls off her shoulder.

"Yes."

"She took her place willingly in the end. Don't bother denying it. She told me."

"She told you because you lied to her. She thought she could trust you."

"Her trust in me has nothing to do with her decision to become queen. She made her own choice, and she will pay the price for that decision."

"She made the choice because she loves Levi." I wasn't one to glorify love, but what Allie and Levi had was real. She didn't really have a choice.

"Love?" She laughed. "Do you even know what that word means?"

"Maybe." I knew it when I saw it, like with Allie and Levi, but it wasn't something I could define, nor something that ever seemed worth worrying about.

"No you don't." She shook her head. "Love doesn't exist."

"Man, who hurt you?" I needed to keep her talking. Everyone had a weakness, and I had a feeling I'd just found hers.

"Can I show you something, Jared?"

"Do I really have a choice?" I wasn't really in the position to negotiate.

"For this you do."

"Why for this?" I tugged against the chains again even though I knew it wouldn't do anything. Whatever magic she'd used had weakened me. I hadn't even known what weakness felt like before.

"Because I say so."

"Lovely."

"So what will it be? Want to see something?" Her eyes twinkled. She was entirely too excited about this.

"Sure." I was chained naked to a wall. She might say I had a choice, but we both knew I didn't have one.

"Keep your eyes open."

"Okay..."

There was a strange buzzing and haze, like a shifter was shifting. I watched, half expecting her to change into an animal, but instead in Tiffany's place was a woman at least thirty years older. Instead of curly blonde hair, it was short with a spattering of gray hair.

"Uh. So you can shift your appearance?"

"Yes, it takes effort. Way too much effort."

"Then why do it?" Somehow this had to all tie back to why she didn't believe in love.

"Because I can't let him know it's me."

"Who's he?"

"Haven't you figured it out yet?" She shifted her weight. "You're smart, aren't you?"

"I thought you said I'm not good at anything but fucking?" It was weird talking like that to someone that looked to be the same age as my dad, but it was still her. The bitch who was messing up everything.

"Revenge is sweet."

"Revenge. So whoever broke your heart will be hurt by all this?"

"You're getting warmer." She grinned.

"Is this what you really look like? Your real age?"

"Yes."

"You hate the Laurents."

"I do." She nodded.

"Robert. This is all about Robert."

Her smile grew even bigger. "It is."

"But why? What did he do to you?" I knew Robert could be an ass, and we already knew he'd messed around at least once. I really hoped this time it happened before he met Helen.

"He let me love him."

"That's his only crime?" I pushed. Sometimes that's the only way you can really get answers from someone.

"You'd understand if you actually had a heart," she sneered.

"Me? After all the crap you've pulled you're accusing me of not having a heart?"

"I had one, and I suppose it's still in there somewhere." Her face fell. I was right. This was her weakness.

"What did he do?"

"Robert? What do you think?"

"He dumped you?"

She laughed dryly. "I'd have taken dumping. What he did was pummel my heart."

"Pummel? That's a harsh word."

"It's the right one." She crossed her arms. "He told me I should have known. That of course the future king couldn't be with someone like me. Like me? Crazy, isn't it? His grandmother was a witch. How was I different? And we all know witches are more helpful than a useless human!"

"Pterons don't usually mate with other paranormals. You know that." I knew that Levi's great-grandmother was part witch, but it wasn't something anyone was proud of.

"No, you only sleep with them and use them up just to break them apart." Her eyes set on mine, making me wonder if she was talking about me or Robert.

"I never meant to hurt her, and I didn't know what she was." My guilt over everything with Casey kept me talking.

"You'd use anyone. It doesn't matter."

This wasn't about me. She wasn't going to distract me by playing with my guilt. "So all of this is revenge because Robert dumped you?"

"Partly." She let her hands fall to her sides. "I've been setting the wheels in motion for years."

A light bulb went off. "Casey."

"Exactly. It wasn't hard to drug Robert."

"It's impossible. He's a Pteron."

"Just as you are. Yet here you are chained to a wall like a helpless little animal." The air shimmered, and the young Tiffany was standing in front of me.

"But this was physical."

"So was his. I didn't get into his mind. I just blacked him out to get what I needed."

"But that's still impossible. All of this is."

"You're going to say that now?" She gestured to me. "Do I need to remind you again of the situation you're in?"

"No." I shuddered remembering how badly she'd just hurt my balls. "I get it."

"Then you should understand I'm powerful. I could have been such an asset to Robert. We would have been the strongest ruling couple ever."

"Did he love you?" I had to ask. So much turned on one small little word.

"Yes." She looked off. "No. I don't know anymore."

"How come he didn't recognize you?"

"I don't look like I did." She paused. "I guess I didn't explain this well. How do you think I managed to get to know Allie? Did you think it was random? No. I took the identity of a girl who was going to be living next door to her."

"When?" I struggled to remember the first time I met Tiffany.

"Humans are so easy to sway. Tiffany changed her mind about attending college a few weeks before. I'm pretty sure she's backpacking somewhere in Europe still. Or maybe she's in Asia now. Funny how that happened. She'd never thought about traveling before."

My head hurt. None of this made sense. "But I met your parents. I met Tiffany's parents." I thought back to the fire at the frat party Allie and her friends had attended. That felt like ages ago now, but in reality it hadn't been all that long. "Who were they?"

"Just a couple of actors. They did pretty well, didn't they?"

My level of disgust was growing by the minute. "Then who are you? Who are you really?"

"Just call me Tiffany. The name is starting to grow on me."

I struggled against the chains. There had to be a way out.

"Stop hurting yourself. It isn't going to change anything."

"I'm not going to sit here and let you destroy everything." I couldn't. I refused to give up when so much was on the line.

"You don't have a choice, Jared. You've always been a pawn. I'm just being more forward about it."

"A pawn?"

"Do you remember your mother?"

"My mom?" No one ever mentioned her. She'd been gone so long I barely remembered her.

"Yes, your mom."

"I was pretty little when she left."

"She didn't willingly leave."

"Yeah. Sure." I wasn't going to let Tiffany mess with me that way. I was supposed to be trying to understand her.

"Because nothing is ever what it seems."

"What do you mean?"

"I'll let you think about that. I'm sure you'll figure it out." She headed to the entrance of the room. "Have a nice evening, Jared."

"Evening? It's night time already?" I'd lost all sense of time.

"Yes, it's night. You've been here for hours."

"Fuck." There went that word again.

"No thanks. You're really not my type."

I stared after her long after she and her light had disappeared from view. I was back in complete darkness again. What had just happened? My head was so full of questions, and that mixed with hunger and desperation to get out weren't a good combination. If I didn't get out of there soon I was going to go crazy. I was pretty sure that was exactly what she wanted.

Chapter Five

Casey

The cave was dark, and it felt like the walls were closing in on me. Everything was silent, completely silent as I waited. Why was I back there again? I was safe. I was home. I tried to stand up but the ceiling had lowered. The chanting started, and the smoke was so thick I couldn't breathe. How was I going to get out? Where was everyone?

"Casey!" Toby screamed my name.

I opened my eyes. Had I been sleeping again?

"Are you okay?" Toby pulled me into his arms. "Were you having a nightmare?"

"It was so real." I shivered. "I was back in the cave."

Toby rubbed his hands up and down my arms. "I'm worried about you."

"It was just a dream." I tried to sound strong when I felt anything but. I was fine when I was awake, but then I got hit by such exhaustion that I had to lie down, and the dreams started up right away again. Each time I woke up feeling awful.

"I don't like this." He pulled me tighter against him.

"Me either."

"I need to know everything, Casey. I need to know what they did to you."

"I don't know. I don't remember anything beyond the smoke and chanting."

"You're holding something back." He took my hands in his. "I know it."

"I'm having crazy dreams. They're nothing like the ones I usually have."

"How so?" He watched me intently.

"I can't describe it. It just feels like I'm having someone else's dream. Does that make sense?"

"They did something to your head. You heard Georgina..."

"I know." She sighed. "We probably should have told her."

"You didn't want to yet. And I get that, but we need answers."

"I know..." I leaned back against the pillows.

"Maybe Vera knows more?"

"She'd probably know more than we do."

"She still hasn't called." I tried not to get worried, but I couldn't help it. I'd just found her, and I needed more than the few moments we'd shared.

"She probably doesn't have her phone." Toby didn't sound so convincing.

"And Jared? He should have service by now." We needed to find both of them. There was no way I was going to accept that either were gone. Jared had risked his life to save me, and Vera had too. What if the bears found out what she'd done?

"We just have to wait for them, but that doesn't mean we can't ask someone else for help while we wait." Toby gently ran his hand up and down my arm. "Your mom."

His suggestion didn't surprise me, but that didn't mean I was ready for it. "What do I say? What can I say?"

"She might be able to help. She'd at least be able to get some answers."

I nodded. "I know you're right."

"When you're ready to call her, let me know."

I snuggled deeper against his chest, already feeling more like myself again. "Hopefully she'll pick up this time. She hasn't answered my calls at all. I've never gone this long without talking to her."

"Try then." He handed me my phone. I was surprised it had made it back in all the craziness. "The worst that happens is she doesn't pick up, right?"

"Right." I braced myself before hitting call. The call went right to voicemail. I ended the call. "Nothing."

Toby looked at me nervously.

"What are you thinking?"

"Should I have someone go out to your house and check on her? See if she's there?"

"Where else would she be?" I didn't want to think about those possibilities. None of this made sense. My mom rarely traveled anywhere, and she definitely never did without telling me first.

"Considering everything, would you be that surprised if she wasn't home?'

"No." I sat up. "That's probably a good idea." I stretched, determined to push away the exhaustion this time. I hoped the magic would wear off on its own, but I knew deep inside it wasn't going anywhere. Everything felt off.

"Your color is back." Toby smiled.

"Yeah, maybe I just needed lots of sleep." I wasn't going to worry him anymore than he already was.

"I'm still worried. If we can't track down your mom on our own, we do have another option." He stood up from his place kneeling on the floor in front of the couch and sat down next to me.

"Who?" I asked, although I was pretty sure I knew who it was. There were only so many people who knew my mom.

"Eric. He'd know more than we would. Besides Georgina did say there were bears who might know what to do."

"Do you think we can trust him?" He wasn't my favorite person, but he also seemed to care.

"I think we can. I don't see any other options."

"We could try Rhett."

He looked away.

"Toby?"

"I already tried him. He's off the grid."

"How is everyone off the grid?" I groaned. "It's starting to become a pattern."

"I know." He kissed my forehead. "What do you say we go and grab some coffee once the sun comes up?"

"Show up at Coffee Heaven?"

"Yeah, it's crazy." He leaned in close. "My favorite barista isn't even working today."

"I guess I never called in to Marv."

Toby laughed. "I have a feeling he understands."

"I need the job."

"No you don't." He pulled my legs onto his lap.

"I appreciate your willingness to pay for everything, but I really don't want you to."

"It's not just my money. You're a Laurent. You've got even more than me."

"It feels weird to touch that money." Except for tuition. Robert and Georgina could pay for that. I don't know why, but taking the money for that reason felt completely different than taking it for spending money.

"Either way, you don't have time to work right now. You have to take off. We need to find your mom if there's even a chance she can help us."

"Thank you."

"For what exactly?" He watched me expectedly.

"Not running off. For sticking this out with me."

He pulled me onto his lap so I was straddling him. Then he took my face in his hands. "I'm never running from you. I'm never leaving you to handle things alone."

"Even when I can handle them?"

"You can handle everything, but I want to be there for you. Wouldn't you do the same for me?"

"Yes," I answered without hesitation. "But so far I'm the one who keeps getting in over my head."

"I'm sure it won't always be that way. Besides, you've helped me more than you know."

I brushed my lips against his. "I can't wait until things go back to normal."

"They're never going to."

"Ok, maybe not back to normal, but I'm ready for them to at least settle down."

"That's going to happen, and when it does we're going to get some quality time together."

I slipped my hand under his t-shirt. "Our shower was quality time."

"It was." He smiled. "But it wasn't all it could have been." His expression let me know exactly what he was implying.

"Trust me, I want you too."

"I know." He grinned. "That's what makes it easier to wait." He ran his hands down my arm. "But we can't wait on everything else. Let's run by your place so you can get clothes before we pay a visit to Eric."

"You mean I shouldn't wear this?" I gestured to the oversized clothing I'd borrowed from him.

"You aren't wearing any underwear."

"How do you know?" I arched an eyebrow.

He lifted me up just enough to grab my ass. "Because I do."

I laughed. "I guess I can't sneak that kind of stuff by you."

"No... and it's kind of taunting me right now."

"Do you really think I'd hate myself if we had sex?" I was asking seriously. I was so stressed out I couldn't even think straight, but Toby's body was calling to me the way it always did. We couldn't go back to the cave. Getting back into the hands of the boss would make all of our effort pointless, but there were other things we could do. I hated that my Pteron side made me think about sex at the wrong times.

"What would Vera tell you to do?" His eyes locked with mine.

"She'd tell me to take off your clothes and have my way with you." I laughed. "She always said sex with the right guy was worth it."

"And I'm the right guy?" He pulled his shirt over his head.

"Yes."

"We're doing this for stress relief, and because I don't think we can work together right now until we do."

"I love how you're making excuses."

"I don't want you being hard on yourself." He pulled my shirt off.

"I want you." I unbuttoned his shorts and tugged them down. I followed that up with his boxers.

"I want you too. I always want you." He pulled down the gym shorts, leaving them at my feet.

"Any preference for where?" He cupped my breasts.

I moaned. "Here. Right here."

"I was thinking the same thing."

The rug was soft underneath my back when Toby laid me down on the floor. His mouth went right to my breast, teasing my nipple while his hand moved between my legs.

I took him in my hand and stroked him gently. "I'll never get enough of you."

"Good. I don't plan on letting you." He kissed the spot right between my breasts. "I'll be right back."

I waited impatiently for him to return with a condom. He put it on before positioning himself over me. "I love you."

"I love you too."

He thrust into me with such force that he left me breathless. He wasn't careful with me, and I liked that. I liked that he didn't worry about me being too fragile.

His quick and deep movements rocked me against the rug. I thrust up against him, letting him know I wanted even more. He thrust in harder, his full length filling me and satisfying me in a way I knew no one else ever could. I grabbed onto his back, letting my nails dig into his skin. Those marks would disappear quickly. Fast healing was one of the nice perks of being a Pteron.

His breath picked up just as mine did, and I wasn't sure how much longer I could hold on. The days of stress and worry had built up and mixed with the pleasure. All I wanted was release. I closed my eyes, savoring the intense sensations running through my entire body. He pushed me over the edge just before he shuddered.

He lay on top of me for a few minutes, staying inside me for far longer than usual. Neither of us wanted to separate and face reality again.

"Feeling any better?" He kissed me lightly.

"Much better. More focused."

"So what you're saying is we're going to have to have sex before all your exams when you start school again."

I laughed. "Like you'd complain."

"Complain?" He shook his head. "Not a chance. More like beg you to take more credit hours." He pulled out and rolled next to me on the floor.

"I'd take more classes if it meant more of that."

He smiled. "I was hoping you'd say that."

***

The sound of my phone ringing had my entire body tense. Was it my mom calling back? Was it Vera? We'd moved to the couch and were curled up under a throw blanket. We still had an hour before Eric would get into Coffee Heaven. If I had to wait, at least I got to do it naked with Toby. I moved to grab my phone.

"I'll get it, relax." Toby moved out from under me. I missed his warm strong body immediately, but I knew he'd be right back.

He glanced at the screen just as it stopped ringing. "It was Tiffany." He handed me my phone.

"Oh! I should probably call her back."

He handed me my clothes. He knew me well enough to know I didn't like talking to people while naked. Well, people who weren't Toby. "Yeah, she seemed pretty shaken up after you were taken. I'm sure she's back in New Orleans."

"I'd hope so." I called her back and waited for a few rings. I was about to set the phone aside when she answered.

"Casey? Hey."

"Hey, Tiffany. How are you?" I really hoped she wasn't too messed up from anything. I'd heard this wasn't her first run in with paranormals, but it didn't mean it got any easier to handle. It was hard for me, and I wasn't human.

"I'm fine. It's you I'm worried about."

I smiled. She was so sweet. "I'm absolutely fine. Toby's with me, and we're safe."

"Ohh, Toby." She laughed. "You guys are so cute together."

"Thanks, now if we could just hear from Jared and my sister I'd be great."

"I'm sure they are both okay. You really need to focus on yourself."

I pushed the conversation off me. I was never particularly comfortable with a lot of attention on me. "Are you back in New Orleans?"

"No, I decided not to go back right now. I need a break."

I felt a surge of guilt. The wedding was only crashed because of me and now she was probably afraid to go back to school. "I understand that. Thanks for calling."

"Of course. I really want to be friends. Even if Allie weren't around, I'd still want to hang out."

That was a funny way of wording things. "I'd like to hang out again sometime too."

"Great. Maybe I'll make it up to New York in the next few days."

"Where did you say you were?"

"I'm visiting some family friends a few hours from New York City."

"Oh cool." I hadn't realized she had connections on the east coast, but I also didn't know her particularly well.

"Tell Toby I said hello." She hung up.

"She sounds fine, right?" Toby ran his hands through my hair. He always found an excuse to touch me, and I didn't mind at all.

"Yeah. I'm sure she's still upset about things, but she'll recover."

"None of this is your fault."

"How did you know that was what I was worried about?"

"Because I know you." He took the phone I still held in my hand and set it down. "Come on, let's make some breakfast."

Chapter Six

Vera

I needed a drink. A strong one, preferably whiskey. I needed to start stowing flasks with my extra changes of clothes. Without fail I seemed to always find myself without alcohol when I needed it most-and that usually timed up when I also needed clothes.

The walk through the woods to the far side of the cave hadn't taken long, and I'd waited to shift back into my bear form until I was nearly at the mouth of the cave. That decision wasn't for any strategic reason other than I wanted to be able to find my clothes quickly on the way out. It turns out that was a smart move. Just as I was ready to shift I sensed other bears approaching. I hid in the brush, waiting for them to go inside. I knew I would have to wait hours. Post-hunt was the worst time to run into bears. Full of food and adrenalin, we are unstoppable in either form. They'd have destroyed me without thinking. Any human side in the bears would be pushed to the back so they could enjoy the fruits of their labor. I sat down and leaned against the trunk of the tree. I really hoped Jared was hiding himself well.

When I'd first shifted into a bear, it had freaked me out. What girl wants to be covered in hair? Isn't that why hair removal is a multi-million dollar industry? But, pretty quickly I learned that the hair part was worth it. I was so much stronger as a bear. I felt nearly invincible, and unless I was up against other bears or other paranormals there was little that could hurt me. I was also faster. There was something about the wind rushing over me as I ran. Nothing else could compare. I wondered if that was how flying was for Casey. Maybe it was even cooler. If I survived my attempted rescue mission I'd have to ask her about it. I'd have to talk her into taking me flying someday. I loved every form of travel except for boats. Both Casey and I had always gotten sea sick.

I checked all around me before stripping down. That was another thing that had happened since shifting for the first time. I was no longer as embarrassed about being naked. Naked was natural. I only wore clothes because society said I had to, and I didn't particularly like having skeevy guys stare at me all the time.

After stowing my stuff carefully in the bushes I stretched before shifting into my bear form. My bear senses took over immediately, and I searched the north wall of the cave looking for another entrance. Several minutes later I found the loose rocks and started digging. Satisfied I had enough space, I squeezed myself through the narrow opening I'd created. One benefit of being a smaller bear was that I could fit through a space like that. Finn had been right. The passage was treacherous and steep. It was much easier to manage while in bear form.

Once inside the cave, I took things slow. I knew the cave well, but not this part. I wasn't sure where it would open up to. I smelled Finn, but no one else. That was a good sign. Hopefully Finn was really the only one who even knew these back tunnels existed. He was definitely the most curious of the bunch. I hadn't even considered it. I'm not sure what that said about me.

I sniffed around, wondering if the others were still up. I was banking on them falling asleep after eating. Like many human men, a full belly was all they needed to pass out for the night.

I froze when I heard a voice.

"Did you sleep well?" A female spoke.

"It's morning already?" A somewhat familiar male voice answered. It was Jared.

Who was in there with him? I couldn't place the voice at all.

"Are you in the mood for some breakfast?"

A scraping sound caught my attention. What was that? Chains? "Like I'm going to eat anything you give me?"

"Would you rather starve to death? These bears are just dumb enough they'd probably eat you for breakfast."

Who the hell was this bitch?

"Or you could let me go."

The female laughed. "That's not going to happen yet, although once things are done I might. You're starting to grow on me."

"Great. Maybe we can just speed up the process then." Jared was trying to play things off like he was in control, but he obviously wasn't. Was he the kind of guy who could never admit defeat?

"If you don't want breakfast, I'll leave then. Maybe you'll change your mind at lunch."

"That's doubtful."

"You will."

I crouched down low as I waited for the woman to pass. I watched eagerly to see who it was. I took in a sharp breath as a robed figure walked down the passage carrying a candle. Those robes belonged to the boss. The boss was female? And what was she doing with Jared?

I waited until I couldn't hear or smell her anymore before sniffing my way around to find the entrance to the room where Jared was.

"I know you're in here. Who is it this time?" Jared yelled out.

Damn it. He was going to blow my cover. It was pitch black, so I followed his voice.

"Who is it? Speak!"

I had no choice, if he kept yelling we'd both be dead. I shifted back to my human form. "Shut up, idiot."

"Vera?" He said my name with a familiarity he shouldn't have had considering we'd barely spent any time together. I couldn't believe he knew my voice so quickly. Then again I'd recognized his.

"Yes, now stop talking so I can get you out of here."

I reached around for the chains but ended up grabbing something else. Something that should have been covered up by clothes. "Are you naked?"

"Uh, yeah. Not by choice."

"Great." I carefully avoided his lower region as I found the chains. "You really couldn't break these yourself?"

"No." He moved, making more noise with the chains. What was wrong with him? Did he want to get caught? "She did something to me. Some sort of crazy magic."

There was my answer. The boss was a witch. I'd suspected magic, but I hadn't been allowed close enough to the boss to find out for sure. Did Murphy realize that's who he was working for? He looked down on witches, and any other paranormals out there. "It's got to be strong magic to work on you."

"Tell me about it."

"I need to shift back to break these."

"Okay." He moved his arm, brushing his hand against my chest. "And you're naked?"

"Nice one, Captain Obvious." I tried to ignore the surge of excitement that went through me from his touch. It had been just an accident.

"Weren't you supposed to be shifting?"

"Yeah." Jerk. I let my animal side take over and the familiar strength and instincts pulsed through my veins. I used my claws to break through the chains. I couldn't get the ones on his legs with my paws, so I used my mouth.

I stayed as a bear and nudged him to move. Hopefully he'd get the hint.

"Did you just bite those chains? Is your mouth that good as a human?"

I couldn't talk to him as a bear. He was lucky. He would have had another thing coming.

"You wouldn't happen to have any extra clothes, would you?"

I pushed into his side harder. He needed to shut up.

"Ok, I get it."

It was strange walking next to Jared as a bear. I couldn't get the same read on him.

He let out a groan. I wished I were in my human form so I could see what was wrong. Was he hurt? Was I really worrying about that? What was wrong with me? I pushed my head into his side to keep him moving.

He patted my head. Was he serious?

We moved slowly through the passage. I had no clue who was awake, and that witch was still around. When we reached the fork I pushed against him again to make sure he followed me toward the back entrance. He bent down. "Why should we walk further into this place?"

I'd never been more frustrated by a lack of ability to speak before. Usually it was one of the nice parts of being in my bear form. Some things were easier when talking wasn't involved.

Before I could worry about it for long (or bite him to make him listen), I heard talking. I couldn't be sure where it was coming from, but I wasn't going to take a chance. I quickly shifted back. I needed to be able to communicate with Jared. I yanked on his arm and pulled him back into a crevice. The space was tiny, and considering we were naked, it wasn't exactly the most comfortable hiding place ever.

"She's dead if he ever finds her."

I didn't need to listen long to realize the male voice was talking about me. I also knew exactly who it was, Jim, an annoying member of the pact.

"I can't believe she'd do that."

"The girl was her sister."

"So? She's been with our pack for years. That should count for something."

Jim lowered his voice to a whisper. "Yeah, but maybe she didn't feel loyal to the boss. She is a witch after all."

"Shut up!" The second voice, it was his friend Ray, snapped. "Do you want to get us both killed?"

"How do we know she isn't going to turn on us too?" The first one asked. "I mean we know she's more powerful than us. We should get rid of her while we can."

"It's too bad about Vera though." Ray's voice was louder. It sounded like he was right next to us. I took in a breath.

"Why?"

"She's hot. I didn't even get any from her yet."

Wow. Abrupt subject change.

"I did. You missed out." That son of a bitch. I didn't sleep with him. Jared's breathing picked up next to me and he let out a tiny noise.

"Did you hear that?" Jim asked.

I wanted to smack Jared. Really? Did he have to blow our cover?

"I thought I heard something from over there."

I held my breath and pushed myself as flat against Jared as possible. The problem was he was facing me, and he wasn't staying flat, at least not all of him was.

"Shit, we're late," Jim yelled. "It was probably just a bat or something."

When their voices faded away I finally stepped away from Jared. Being naked next to him when he was just as naked wasn't good for the sexual tension that buzzed between us despite our precarious situation. "Just follow me."

"To our death? Why walk further into the cave?"

"I'm the one who came back to save you," I hissed. "Give me some credit."

"But why? Why double back that way?"

"Trust me on this. There's another way."

"You better be right."

"It's my life on the line too."

"I know." He let out a deep breath. "Thanks."

"I'd say no problem, but it was one."

He laughed.

"I'm shifting back." I quickly moved back into my bear form. Hopefully I'd gotten my point across, and he'd follow.

Chapter Seven

Casey

Coffee Heaven looked just about the same as it always did. We'd waited around long enough that the morning crowd had already passed through the place, leaving nearly all the tables empty and surprisingly clean. I wondered who was working that morning.

I got my answer moments later when Eric walked out from the back. If two people had been working, one would have been at the counter. "Are you actually running the place yourself?"

"What's a manager supposed to do when his employees up and disappear?" There was a different sort of teasing in his voice that I preferred to the creepy one he usually used with me. I wasn't sure exactly what had changed, but I liked it.

"Yeah, well, next time I'll tell my kidnappers to wait for me to call in first."

He wrapped his arms around me in a nearly bone crunching hug.

I stood there startled for a moment until Toby cleared his throat.

"Sorry." Eric stepped back. "I'm just glad you're okay."

"Me too." I smiled. It was still a little bit awkward with Eric. Finding out he was a bear was one thing, but knowing that he'd been hiding my true identity from me since I met him made it worse. I reminded myself that he really was only trying to help me. That seemed to be a pattern lately. People were holding things back from me in order to protect me.

"I assume this isn't a social call, so what's up?" He pointed up at the ceiling.

Toby nodded and put a finger in front of his lips. I assumed all the charades meant that the place might be bugged.

"We're just stopping in for some coffee. Casey says I can't brew it for anything."

I smiled. I was definitely not a coffee snob. Hopefully whoever was listening in didn't know that.

Eric banged down a display on the counter. I assumed he was trying to make it sound like he was working. "We're actually all out of the kind she likes."

"That's too bad. Any suggestions of where else we can get it? I promised Casey a good cup of coffee this morning." Toby was laying it on too thick. Or maybe it was all a code I didn't quite understand.

The jingling of the door announced a customer. Eric and I looked at each other, and I nodded. I'd help the person while he set up a meeting with Toby. They quickly walked into the back room.

"Hi. Can I help you?" I hurried back behind the counter. I didn't bother with an apron.

"Hey, I haven't seen you in here in a while."

I looked harder at the girl. Did I know her from somewhere?

"No. I've been away." That was putting it mildly.

"I get that. It's been a busy summer for everyone. I'm taking a bunch of business classes myself."

Business classes. Then I remembered. "You dyed your hair. It looks great." I hadn't recognized the girl with her black locks. They'd been blond the last time she'd been in.

"Thanks!"

"Do you want your usual latte?" I smiled to myself. I prided myself on remembering faces and drinks.

"Yes, that would be great."

I prepared the girl her drink-a low fat latte with whipped cream. I'd decided on day one not to mention how pointless it was to use low-fat milk if you're just going to smother it in heavy whipped cream. It wasn't my place. Sometimes we all need to be a little delusional-or give ourselves the smallest of treats.

As soon as the customer left and turned the corner I flipped the open sign to closed. Toby and Eric walked back out.

I wiped down the counter out of habit and turned to the guys. "Where else can we go for that kind of coffee?"

"I'll show you." Toby smiled, and I followed him out the door. Eric trailed out behind us.

Toby glanced over his shoulder. "In the mood for a boat trip?"

"A boat trip?" That was the last thing I was in the mood for, but I assumed there was a good reason Toby was suggesting it.

"Yes. Well that's only after we take a flight first."

A flight sounded much better. "A flight?" I turned to Eric. "How are you getting there?"

He ran a hand through his blond hair. "I'm not coming."

"Oh, I assumed that's why you're walking with us." I knew he wasn't coming to enjoy our company. He wasn't exactly best friends with Toby, although they did seem to end up having more meetings than you'd think.

"I'm going to find your sister." He said it resolutely, like there was nothing else he could possibly be doing.

I tried to reel in my skepticism. "Do you know her?"

He shook his head. "No, but she's of my kind."

"Got it." I was new to the whole paranormal thing, but I was beginning to understand the loyalty between members of the same kind of creature. It made sense, but it also frustrated me. Why did everything have to be so divisive? Besides, where did that leave me? What was I anyway? I shifted into a Pteron, but I knew I was part bear. Would I ever truly fit in anywhere?

"I'll bring her to you as soon as I find her." Eric misread the expression on my face. I didn't doubt his dedication. It was more the principle of the thing.

"Where are we going exactly?" I asked Toby.

"It's up north, on a small island."

"So why aren't we flying directly there? Why this talk of a boat trip?"

"We have to meet our tour guide first."

"Tour guide?"

Toby shrugged. "Ask Eric."

I turned back to him. "Who is it?"

"It's actually two guides. If you tried to fly to the island yourself, they'd view it as an attack."

"Two?"

"They're twins, and I assure you they're trust worthy. They're actually your cousins." He looked away. "They had contacted me already."

"My cousins?" Did I have more cousins than just Rhett? "And why would they contact you about me?"

"Your mom has something to do with them calling. I didn't get a chance to talk to them long, but these are cousins you'll take a liking too. Like you they're a mix, but a mix of a different sort." He smiled, which made me nervous.

A mix? Was there more inter paranormal mating going on than everyone thought?

"Don't worry about it, Bates. You'll be fine." He patted my shoulder. "You have Toby here for protection, don't you?"

"Don't you mean he has me for protection?" I grinned.

"That's about right." Toby took my hand. "Let's swing by both of our places and pack. It sounds like this is going to be awhile."

"What do we tell Georgina? She's expecting us in New Orleans."

"We'll just have to go straight to New Orleans afterward. She's the one who told you to look for answers."

"That's true." I turned to Eric. "Thanks, I think."

He smiled. "Anytime."

"And be careful." I knew Eric was putting himself at risk to look for Vera. I hoped he was successful. It's crazy how I went from hating the guy to trusting him with my life and the lives of others I loved.

"I can't promise careful, but I'll try not to die."

I laughed. "Good enough." I waved goodbye before Toby led me back toward my new apartment. "Do you know anything else about these twins?"

He shrugged. "Nope, but considering everything we've faced lately, I think we'll be okay."

"Just don't ditch me, and we'll be fine."

"I knew you wanted me around," he teased.

I leaned into his side. "I'm sure I'll find a use for you eventually."

"You mean more than the stress relief and focus you found this morning?"

"Yeah, good point. That's a very good use."

He laughed. "I'm glad you think so." He put an arm around me, and we continued walking. I tried to savor the moment, to soak up the pretense of normalcy. I knew I couldn't pretend for long, but I was going to hold on to it for as long as I could. "You okay?" he asked worriedly.

"Yeah I'm fine."

"No you're not, but that's okay."

"It is okay." I slowed down pace as my building came into view. I wanted to savor every moment.

Chapter Eight

Toby

Casey was nervous. She wasn't particularly good at hiding any of her emotions, but it was her nerves that she wore on her sleeve. Maybe it was just because I knew her so well, but her eyes and the tension in her face told me all I needed to know. I hated to see her so uptight, but I also knew she had every right to be. Telling her to relax would just piss her off, and I definitely didn't want that. Casey was back at my side and fully with me. I wasn't screwing anything up.

"How many days do you think we'll be away?" She pulled open one of her dresser drawers.

"At least a few."

"How heavy of a bag do you think I can fly with?"

"I'll carry our stuff, so the weight isn't a huge deal, but we're still going to be carrying it around with us. Maybe just grab one full extra set of clothes and whatever you want to sleep in. You know Georgina will have extra clothes for you when we get to New Orleans."

Casey nodded. "And I'm sure she's going to be particular about what I wear." She paused. "Although did you notice how she didn't say a word about what I was wearing today? She didn't seem to care at all."

"It's because she thought she lost you." I walked over to join her by the dresser. "She loves you, and she thought you were gone. That can do strange things to people."

"Yes it can." She got that far off look on her face which meant she was thinking about Vera. We were going to find her again. After everything we'd been through, those sisters deserved to be reunited for more than a few minutes.

"She's a bit crazy, but Georgina is definitely someone you want on your side."

"Absolutely." Casey tossed a pile of clothes on the bed. "I wouldn't want to be on her bad side. That's for sure. If she finds out what I'm keeping from her I might be though."

"Although she most likely already knows and she's not making a big deal of it..."

"Why is this so complicated?" She pouted.

"Because it's life. Life is complicated."

She sighed. "When this is all over, we're going to actually do something fun."

"We can do anything and everything you want."

"Good." She kissed me lightly on the lips.

"Is that everything?"

"I just need to pack my toothbrush and stuff."

I smiled. There was something so cute about her. I wished we were going away on a romantic getaway instead of whatever wild goose chase we were probably on, but I was lucky to have her back. I refused to complain when I had so much.

"Do we need to pack food? A first aid kit?"

"A first aid kit?"

"Well, I don't actually know where we're going, and we don't exactly have the best track record for vacations."

"That's true, but I think we're good. You heal fast now. So do I. A first aid kid isn't going to do much."

"Good point. I'm just trying to be smart about this, and sometimes I forget I don't have to be so careful anymore. Part of me forgets I'm not human."

"And that's a good thing. Thinking you're human is important. Remembering what it's like to be human is too."

"Do you?"

"Do I remember what it's like?" I sat down on the bed.

"Yeah. Or has that started to fade?" She sat down next to me.

"I remember. It hasn't been that long."

"I wonder what it's like to always know. To grow up that way."

"You'll have to ask your brother one day."

She smiled. "Brother. That's still a weird concept to me."

"I can imagine, but he's probably going to be a pretty good one."

"I'm impressed you can say that." She patted my leg.

"Why? Because he married Allie?"

She shifted uncomfortably. "Sorry. I just-"

"I'm happy. He's happy. You're happy. Allie's happy. We're all happy." That was a bit of an over simplification. Jared probably wasn't all that happy-although if things worked out with Vera maybe he would be.

"What are you thinking about?" Casey called me out on being lost in thought.

"Your sister. Jared."

She turned, pulling her leg up under her. "What about them?"

I shrugged. "Nothing in particular."

"I was thinking the same thing. They can even be together for all I care. I just want to spend more time with her."

"Healthy attitude."

"As long as she doesn't go after you that is."

"Even if she did, I wouldn't be interested."

"Come on. Did you see Vera?"

"Yes, I met her." I'd also carefully avoided seeing her naked to protect myself in just the conversation I was having now.

"She's gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous."

"Not as gorgeous as you." I wasn't just saying that. I meant every word.

"You're sweet."

"Just sweet? I call you gorgeous and I get sweet?" I teased. "How does that work?"

She laughed. "I already called you perfect."

"That makes it a little better."

"Only a little?" She pushed my chest, sending me flat on my back on her bed.

"A lot."

She crawled up my body before placing a feather-light kiss on my lips. "I love you, Toby. There's nothing I'd ever want to hear more."

"And there's nothing greater I'd want to hear." I pulled her down on top of me, just holding her for a moment. I had no idea how much crazier things were about to become, and I was going to take every ounce of normalcy I could get.

***

With a small bag packed we walked up to the roof. It was a clear night, and I couldn't deny some excitement about getting airborne. Casey seemed just as excited, although the exhaustion was still clear on her face. Hopefully we'd get some answers soon.

We flew up north toward Maine. It wasn't a short flight, but it was definitely something we could do in one shot. I'd never get tired of flying with Casey. She was so graceful as she soared across the sky in her own pattern, occasionally looking back to make sure I was with her. The best part is no matter how stressed she was, she still smiled. Flying came naturally to her, the way it should have. As much as I didn't love everything about being a Pteron, I did love flying. There was nothing in the world quite like it-well, except for Casey. She was even better. Combining flight with Casey was one of my favorite things in the world. Life needed to settle down so we could enjoy it far more often.

We landed about twenty feet from the lake. It seemed silly that we couldn't just fly in, but Eric had emphasized how important it was to wait for Casey's cousins at the ferry landing. I didn't voice my concern to Casey, but I wondered if they'd maybe shoot us down if we flew in. Most bears weren't big fans of Pterons, and he'd warned us they might take our entrance as an attack. Knowing that didn't make me feel all that confident about our trip. I had to rely on the fact that Casey's family would be glad to see her. If they weren't, we were just turning right around. There had to be someone friendly who could help us figure out what was wrong with her. And they'd fix her. They had to. I refused to accept that anything the boss did was permanent.

"You trust Eric, right?" Casey asked. "There's no way he'd ever lead us into a trap."

I didn't respond at first. I was too busy admiring how amazing she looked with her wings.

"Toby?"

"Sorry." I shook myself. This wasn't the time to get distracted. "Surprisingly enough, I do trust him. I also looked into this place."

"When?" She put a hand on her hip. "We've been together this whole time."

"I just made a quick inquiry. This is a bear stronghold, and the names Eric gave match up." I'd made the inquiry via text while talking to Eric. You could never be too careful.

"Okay. Sorry." She looked so tense. I just wanted to get rid of that strain in her neck and muscles, but I knew the best way to do it was to find her cousins and keep moving forward.

"It's okay. I know you're used to being left out of things."

"Do you think Rhett's been here?" She took my hand as we started walking.

"Maybe. It's hard to know. Like I told you before, he's been off the grid."

"How do you know that anyway?"

"I had my cousins try to find him after you went missing."

"Oh." She smiled. "That's reasonable. I really will start trusting you more."

"I'd love if you'd start trusting me all the time."

"I do about most things."

"Except you assume I'm keeping everything from you." I attempted to keep things light, but it frustrated me how little she trusted me. I hoped she'd give me the chance to fully win her trust back. Having a secret meeting with Eric had been a really bad idea.

"Pretty much."

"Is that the dock?" She pointed at a worn looking wooden platform. It didn't look like much, but maybe that was the point.

"Maybe." I picked up my pace, and she easily matched it. "It's a dock." A medium sized ferry was tied up to the dock.

"And that's the boat. Great."

"You don't like boats, I take it?" I asked. Boats weren't something that had come up much. When you can fly, you don't usually worry much about other forms of transportation.

"No. Not at all." She shivered.

"Maybe you're cousins could help us make an exception then. Maybe we could just fly in."

She shook her head. "No. I'll play by the rules."

"Casey?" A soft male voice called.

We both turned around when we heard her name called. We came face to face with a guy and girl. They were each around Casey's height, but the guy was super muscular.

"Yes, I'm Casey." Her confidence was back.

"Hey!" The girl pulled her into a hug.

Startled, Casey didn't reply right away. "Hi?"

"I'm Daria and this is Maddock." She gestured to the guy.

"Hi. You know my name, and that's Toby." She stepped away from the girl.

"Hi Toby." Daria looked at me, and her eyes lit up a little. I didn't like it. It didn't seem like a typical bear reaction. None of this did. Bears were territorial, skeptical by nature.

Casey frowned lightly. I guess she's noticed Daria's reaction. I couldn't say I minded the slightly territorial or jealous reaction. "Eric told us we'd be expected here."

"Yes. We'll take you right over."

"Thank you." Maybe this was going to be easier than I thought. I'd expected at least some reservations on the part of her cousins. Was this a red flag? Were things going too well? Was it a trap?

"Oh, we can't take you." Maddock shook his head.

"Not that we don't want to." Daria smiled at me.

"What do you mean you can't take me?" Ok, maybe things weren't going quite as smoothly as I thought.

"We only have permission to bring Casey over. She's one of the family, so we can overlook that she has wings."

"I'm not going without Toby." Casey grabbed my hand. "He's with me, so the permission to take me should also apply to him.

"Wait..." Daria looked between us. "Are you guys together?"

Casey nodded emphatically. "Yes. Very together."

I smiled. At least Casey was confident about that.

"We've got a guest house a few miles down on this side that you are welcome to stay in, but I'm afraid you can't take the ferry over." The girl seemed genuinely disappointed I wasn't coming. "If you weren't with Casey I'd offer to keep you company, but I get the vibe you're exclusive."

"Keep me company?" Then it hit me. "You're Casey's cousins, right?

"Yes." She smiled.

"But you're not full bears." Eric told us that, but now that I was with them I figured out what their other half was.

"Casey isn't the only hybrid out there." Maddock seemed to thrust out his chest in pride.

"Hybrid." Casey smiled. "I like that word. It's so much more positive than anything else I could come up with."

"You're half nymph." I wasn't asking. Nymphs and shifters occasionally produced children, and they slept together all the time. Nymps were notorious for their huge sexual appetites and willingness to explore anything and everything sexually. Like most Pterons, I'd steered clear of them whenever possible. I can't say the same thing for the bears and wolves I'd known.

"Yes we are." Daria grinned. "My cousin's lucky to be with a Pteron that looks like you."

Maddock shook his head. "You'd say that about any Pteron."

"Like you wouldn't? If Casey wasn't related to us you'd be trying to jump her whether she had a boyfriend or not."

"Ok. But you are related." There was no reason to continue with that conversation.

"Yes, we are." He crossed his arms. His angry stance actually put me at ease. At least he wasn't going there.

Casey clasped her hands together. "Isn't there some way you could make an exception and let Toby cross?"

"No." Maddock shook his head. "But you'll be in good company."

"Good company? What do you mean by that?" I was busy trying to come up with a solution. I wasn't okay letting Casey take off into possibly hostile territory without me, but I also understood how important this was. I couldn't hold her back.

"There's someone else booked to cross with you today." Daria smiled.

"Who?" Casey looked to me, but I didn't have any information to share.

"I'll let her tell you herself." Daria glanced at some spot in the distance behind us.

We both turned and watched as a woman walked toward us.

"Mom?" Casey started walking toward the woman, pulling me with her. I was glad she hadn't dropped my hand. I wanted to be of any help I could.

"Hey, honey." Casey's mom had the same smile and dark brown hair as her daughter, but otherwise the two women didn't look particularly alike. She pulled Casey into a tight hug. During all this Casey still held my hand, so I just stood there awkwardly to one side. Casey had a death grip on me.

"When were you going to tell me all of this?" Casey gestured to her body. That was one way to start the conversation.

"I was trying to protect you." Her mom pursed her lips, and the look completely matched the expression Casey made when she did that.

Casey's shoulders slumped. "Not knowing got me in a lot of trouble."

"Trouble would have found you no matter what." Her mother gazed out at the expansive lake before returning her eyes to Casey. "I actually believed I could shield you forever. That was my mistake. Putting too much faith in my ability to protect you."

"It's not all your fault." Casey swallowed hard. It felt wrong being part of such a personal conversation, but Casey still held onto my hand for dear life. If she wanted me around, I wasn't going anywhere.

"And you're Toby?" Her mom stepped toward me.

I blinked in surprise. "How'd you know my name?"

"I make it my business to know who my daughters are spending their time with." The line wasn't an overt threat, but it wasn't particularly friendly either.

Casey seemed to sense this and squeezed my hand. "Did you know who Vera was with when she was dating Murphy?"

Casey's mom sighed. "I did everything in my power to stop it."

"But you let her leave. Didn't you? You let her leave." Casey's face reddened.

Her mom looked out at the lake again. "Everything I've done has been for a reason."

Casey's face softened. "Has anyone told you anything? Do you know what happened to me?"

Her mother shook her head. "No. I heard you were missing and I dropped everything to find you, but I can tell you have magic in you. You came to the right place."

"Eric told me to come. He's Marv's nephew."

Mom nodded. "I know. I've been keeping tabs the best I can, but things have gotten out of control. I'll explain everything to you eventually, but for now we have to focus on getting you well."

"And you have people on the island who can help?" I asked. "Someone trained to do this?"

"I'm not sure if trained is the right word. More like born to do it, but yes. Whatever has happened to Casey, we can fix it."

Casey let out a deep breath. "They said Toby can't come with me."

"He can't." Casey's mother said it so simply. "Only one foreigner can go at once."

"And I'm a foreigner?" And just like that the soft expression was gone. She was back on alert.

Her mother turned back to us slowly. "As of now, yes."

"I can't do this alone." Casey spoke so quietly, but her words said everything. She wasn't one to admit she couldn't do things.

I squeezed her hand. "Yes you can."

She squeezed back so hard my hand hurt. "I don't want to."

"Well, that's something altogether different. I don't want you to go without me either."

Her mother smiled. "There's something there." I waited for her to continue. "There's something real between you."

"Of course there is." Casey stared her mother down. I didn't know much about her relationship with her mother, but I was surprised by the animosity. Was it all stemming from the recent events?

Her mother took my free hand. The contact surprised me, but I didn't pull my hand back. I needed her mom to like me. Whether Casey was annoyed at her or not, she was still her mom, and eventually she'd care about her opinion of me. "She will be in good hands. I won't let anything happen to her."

"I understand she's your daughter, and you'd go to great lengths to protect her, but how can you guarantee her safety?"

"I can't."

"Meaning?" I tried to keep my cool, but I wasn't okay with throwing Casey to the lions so to speak.

"I can't guarantee anything. But then again, can you?" She looked me straight in the eye.

I shook my head. "No. But I'd risk my life to protect her."

"I'd give my life ten times over for either of my daughters." There was so much sadness behind the woman's eyes. I couldn't imagine how much she'd been through in her life, but at the moment the only thing I could worry about was protecting Casey.

"I need to do this." Casey didn't sound particularly confident, but it was better than her saying she couldn't do it. "I need to find out if something is wrong with me."

"Yes you do." Her mother stepped forward and took Casey's hand. "You can do this, and you'll be back with Toby before you know it."

"It's not that I'm dependent on him."

Her mother adjusted the strap of the backpack she was wearing. "I understand that, but relying on someone and finding strength in their presence doesn't make you weak. Bear, Pteron, whatever you are, you still have a human side underneath everything else. And that side of you needs companionship. It needs love."

I adjusted our hands. "And you've got both of those. I won't go far." I didn't want to push her, but I had no choice. I knew that I had to let her go. At least I'd be able to fly to her quickly if necessary, and hopefully I was faster than any of the people who would try to shoot me down.

Casey held on to both my hand and her mother's as she looked at me. "You don't have to wait here for me. This might take a while."

"You know I'm going to wait. I've spent too much time searching for you to just let you go. You're lucky I'm letting you out of my sight at all."

"How does that make me lucky?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. I just hope you get back soon."

"The sooner we leave, the sooner you'll be with her again." Her mom gave me a knowing look. Prolonging the inevitable wasn't going to help anyone. "But I'll give you two a few minutes alone."

As soon as her mom walked away, I pulled Casey into a hug. "You don't have to do this if you don't want to."

"That's not what you were saying a few minutes ago."

"Because I don't want either of us sounding weak in front of her. You can do this. The question is whether you want to."

"No, the question is whether I have to."

"We can find another way." There had to be one.

"No. Georgina suggested this indirectly and my mom agrees."

I rubbed her back gently. "I'll be right here, waiting."

"Thank you."

"Just keep being you, and everything is going to be okay." I hoped I'd be able to maintain an ounce of that confidence once her boat left the shore.

Chapter Nine

Jared

I wasn't sure whether to be happy or annoyed that Vera came back for me. Sure it was great to be saved, but now I was responsible for her well-being. I could barely take care of myself thanks to whatever Tiffany had done to me. Shouldn't it have been wearing off already? Why couldn't I shift? A small part of me was terrified I'd never be able to shift again, but that couldn't be possible. Pterons were stronger than witches. There had to be a way to beat it.

As much as I understood why Vera preferred to move as a bear inside the cave, it made things harder. We couldn't communicate, and I couldn't understand what in the world she was doing. When she'd shifted back to a human for a few minutes she'd assured me she knew what she was doing, but moving further into the cave went against every ounce of gut instinct I had. Pterons didn't belong in caves. We belonged in the sky. It felt like we were walking deeper underground, and that was the last thing I wanted to do.

I could trust Vera. At least I assumed I could. Maybe I was so long gone that I was making a mistake with her too. What if she wasn't who she seemed? Knowing the power a witch could have on me made me feel weak and unbelievably confused. I wasn't used to feeling either.

Vera turned again, and I reluctantly followed. We'd walked for long enough that turning around no longer seemed like a real option. I'd just have to follow her and see where it got us. The darkness was getting tiring. I wasn't used to having to find my way without sight. Night vision really came in handy.

"Isn't this sweet?" I turned around, instinctively blocking Vera when I heard Tiffany's voice. I was blinded by Tiffany's light. I blinked a few times to get used to it. The light should have been a nice break from the dark, but it had the opposite effect on me. Seeing her face reminded me of just how much trouble we were in.

Vera growled from next to me. It was still hard to believe the large bear beside me was actually a bomb shell brunette. Shifters that changed into actual animal forms were foreign to me. I'd seen them all myself, but I'd never called a single one a friend.

Tiffany fixed her eyes on Vera. "You came back for him, didn't you? You thought he was worth it?"

Vera growled again. It was about the only noise she could make as a bear. I thought it was appropriate considering the question.

Tiffany laughed. "Protective, huh? Isn't this funny? A bear protective of a helpless Pteron."

"I'm not helpless!" I snapped.

"Sure you are. Why else would you be following around a bear?"

"Watch it."

"Watch what? Where are your wings, Jared? Shouldn't you have them out? Not that they'd do you any good down here."

It was my turn to growl.

"Come on. I told you I was going to come back. You could have waited for me."

"Waited for you? Are you crazy?"

"No." She smiled. "I just expected a little self-preservation from you. That's all."

"I have plenty of self-preservation." I stepped toward her. Magic or not, I was still stronger than her. The trick would be distracting her long enough to attack.

"Let me guess. You like this bear."

"Do I seem like the type to go for bears?' I didn't glance back at Vera. I wasn't trying to piss her off, but I needed to let Tiffany know it was still me.

"You seem to go for anything with breasts that can walk."

"That's not true." I took another step. "I never went for you."

She took in a breath. Nice. It was having the effect I wanted. Her weakness was love, men, and not feeling desired.

"You'd have gone for me if Allie and Hailey hadn't forbidden it."

"Oh yeah? You really think so?"

"I know. That night after the fire. You cared."

"Yeah, I did care." I remembered that night well. I'd thought Tiffany was a goner. Now I wished she had been. It would have saved us all a hell of a lot of trouble.

"Exactly." She crossed her arms.

"That doesn't mean I wanted you." I leaned toward her. "I generally take what I want. I took Casey, didn't I?" I knew the last part would set Vera off so the growl it elicited didn't surprise me. Nor was I surprised by the flash of anger that crossed Tiffany's face.

"Casey confused you. You didn't know what she was."

"But I wanted her. I wanted her the moment I met her. Everything about her appealed to me, called to me, turned me on. None of that's the same for you."

"You wanted me the moment you met me too."

I shook my head. "I thought you were cute. Doable, but not worth the effort. She was worth the effort. And you know what?"

"What?" Tiffany huffed.

She was watching me, and I sensed Vera moving past me on my side.

"I want Vera more than you, more than I would have ever wanted you no matter what you looked like. I'd take a bear over you any day." I paused before sticking the knife in the wound. "Just like Robert. He took a human over you without thinking, and maybe you didn't even need to trick him. Maybe he'd have slept with a bear too. Anyone but you."

"You son of a bitch." Tiffany held her hand out toward me just as Vera lunged at her.

The sound of breaking glass filled the air as we were plunged back into pitch darkness.

I'd never felt weaker or more useless in my life. Between the spell and my inability to transform, there was nothing I could do.

I heard a snarl before Vera's bear form smacked into me.

"You think you can get away with this?" Tiffany laughed. "You think you can play with me and not get hurt?"

I mustered every ounce of strength I had. "Go to hell." I moved toward her, but I was flung back.

"No. I think you will. Actually, you're already there. All I have to do is make sure you don't leave."

My chest clenched at her words.

"You might as well thank me. I could have killed you, but this way you two can play together before you starve to death. Enjoy."

The whole cave shook as rocks began to fall. I found Vera and tried to follow Tiffany out, but a giant boulder rolled toward us, pinning us against the wall.

"Fuck." There went that word again. This time I really meant it.

Chapter Ten

Casey

Seeing my mom again was surreal. Very little time had actually passed since I'd last seen her, but in some ways, my whole life had changed. I wasn't the same girl I was when we'd last spoken, and now I knew she wasn't the same woman. She watched me the way you'd watch a spreading fire. She was trying to see which way I'd go, and whether I'd combust. Considering my head had been likely taken over by a witch, I didn't even know the answer to that.

"Honey?" Mom pulled me out of my thoughts. We'd just said goodbye to Toby and were waiting for the twins to ready the boat. He'd walked away from the dock after the twins insisted on it. I think they thought he was going to make a run for it. What they didn't realize was if he was going to do that, he'd just fly.

I glanced over my shoulder. Toby was still there watching with a half-smile. He didn't want me to go any more than I did, but we both knew there was no other option. If I didn't find someone to help me, there would be no 'us' to worry about.

"Yeah, sorry."

Mom smiled lightly. "It's hard to say goodbye to people we love."

"It's not goodbye, just I'll see you really soon."

She laughed. "You didn't get your optimism from me."

"Well I doubt I got it from Robert either." I regretted the words as soon as they left my mouth, but that regret was made worse when I saw my mother's face.

I quickly tried to back pedal. "I'm sorry."

She squinted her eyes a little. "I never intended for it to happen, but I'm glad it did."

"That's what he said."

"Yeah?" She blinked a few times as in surprise. "He said he was glad?" Her body relaxed.

"He was surprisingly sentimental."

"I hardly know him. Or really I don't know him at all." She looked so sad. "It's crazy how someone I don't know could have changed my life so much."

"What really happened?" I needed to know. How did Robert not remember yet she did?

"It's a long story I only want to tell once today."

"Only once?"

"Trust me. I'll be telling it after we cross."

I didn't push her. Instead I waited for her to continue. "I'm glad he didn't take things out on you. I was afraid something like that would happen."

"He seemed glad to have a daughter, but maybe it was all an act. I don't really know him either." My gut told me that his words were genuine, but my gut had been proven wrong time and again.

"Trusting your instinct is usually a good thing."

"But not always," I whispered.

"No. Not always." Her echoed words were full of raw sadness. What had happened to make her do what she did? Who was she really? Clearly she wasn't the same suburban office manager I thought she was.

"I need to warn you of something."

"Warn me? Is there more?' I waited with baited breath. Was there really anything worse than what I already knew?

"You may not be welcomed with open arms. They will see you as family, but that doesn't mean the reception will be an easy one."

"Because of me? Because of what happened?"

"I don't want to recount everything yet, but what I will say is when everything happened I got scared, so I ran. I took my best friend with me."

"Dad? He's your best friend?"

"Yes. Chris. He did such a great job raising you. He loves you, you know."

"I miss him. He's the only one I'll ever really consider my dad." I closed my eyes for a second, picturing my dad's warm eyes, and his ability to forgive so easily.

"I know, honey."

"Is he a bear too?"

Mom nodded. "Yes. He's from the same clan as me."

"Clan? Don't you call them pacts?"

"Not the group I'm from. We don't view ourselves in the same way as other shifters."

I glanced at the twins waiting at the dock. "I know we don't have much time, but can I ask you something?"

She glanced in the same direction before answering. "Yes."

"When were you going to tell me? Or were you?"

She shifted her weight from foot to foot. "I was going to tell you when I thought you were ready."

"You didn't think I was ready?"

"Why do you think I didn't want you going away to school? I wanted to protect you."

"Why is it?" I tried to keep my temper in line. "Why is it that everyone is so set on protecting me?"

"I take it you're not referring to Toby." She looked over at him.

"No. I mean he's protective, but that's not who I'm talking about. Vera said she left to protect me."

"And in her way she was. She thought she was dangerous to you."

"Did she tell you she was leaving? She told Rhett."

"She didn't tell me, but she never tells me anything."

"I could say the same thing about you."

She took my face in her hands. "I've spent the last eighteen years doing everything I could for you. I left my family-my mate. Everything. But I don't regret it. A mother would do anything for her children, and I wouldn't want it any other way. I never planned to bring you back here, but you need to understand where you came from, and I can see you need help."

"It was magic."

She nodded. "I can tell."

"How?"

"You seem different, and it's not just the confidence you're exuding. Your whole aura is different."

"You see auras?"

"Not in detail, but I can see some outlines. Yours is off."

"What if they don't help me? What if they hurt me instead?"

"You are of ursus blood-and of this clan. They won't hurt you. Now me, after the way I left, that's another story."

"Then don't come." I tried to push her back. "Why put yourself in danger?"

"Because running away isn't going to help anyone." She took one of my hands. "And I'd do anything to protect you, to help you. I wasn't there for you through everything you've been through these past few months, and I wish I could have been. But I'm here now."

"Why weren't you?" I was too tired to soften my words. I hoped she understood.

"There's more going on than you know. You're only at the tip of the iceberg."

"There's more? More than a psycho with magic trying to take over The Society?"

She leaned in. "Can you handle more? With everything else, can I really add more to your plate?"

"Does this involve you?"

"Not directly."

"Then tell me."

"There's talk of more than a takeover of the crown."

"More than the crown?"

"Yes."

"Taliana? Casey? You ready?" Daria called.

"We'll finish this later," Mom whispered. "We're coming."

I wanted to hear more, but I was sure my mother was shutting her mouth for a reason. Whatever she'd been about to confide in me, she didn't want the twins knowing about.

"Are you ready?" Mom squeezed my hand slightly the way she used to do whenever I tried something new. The gesture reminded me that no matter what she kept from me, she was still my mother. If I couldn't trust her, who could I trust?

A voice in the back of head that didn't feel like my own voice answered. No one. "I think so." I squeezed her hand back. "Are you?"

"As ready as I'll ever be."

I smiled. She used that phrase a lot.

"Ready when you ladies are." Maddock motioned for us to board the ferry boat.

I took a deep breath. I could do this. I could fly without fear, yet I was about to fall over with panic over getting into a boat? I stepped carefully onto the boat. I glanced back at Toby again. He waved and gave me an encouraging smile.

"Does Gareth know you're coming?" Daria asked.

"No." Mom shook her head. "I haven't told anyone but you two yet."

"Oh." Daria and Maddock exchanged worried looks.

"It will be fine. As long as they can help Casey, it will all be worth it."

"What exactly does Casey need help with?" Maddock looked me up and down. "She looks fine to me."

"Don't forget she's related to you," Mom wagged a finger at him.

"Not all that directly. I mean we're talking third cousins."

"Maddock."

He untied us from the side and the boat lurched out into the lake. I glanced back to where Toby still waited. Leaving him was so hard. I'd gotten used to having his comfort. Maybe separating was a good thing. Maybe I needed to regain my confidence of being on my own. I needed to distract myself, so I glanced at the twins. "How old are you?"

"How old do you think we are?" Maddock grinned. Once we were on the boat his formal personality seemed to melt away. Was that all a show for Toby?

"You look like you're my age, but you know my mom so well. She hasn't been back since I was a baby..."

"We're the same age as your mom."

"Oh." I looked between the twins. "You just age really well?"

Daria laughed. "It's the nymph part that helps."

"Nymph?" Toby seemed to know what that was, but I certainly didn't unless it meant exactly what it sounded like.

"Yes, nymph. We shift into bears, but we've got some added extra appetites."

Mom laughed. It was a light laugh I hadn't heard come out of her in years. "Yes, some added appetites indeed. But you know what tree nymphs are, don't you?"

Ugh. I didn't need to listen to my mom discuss sexual appetites. "Yeah, vaguely." I blocked them all out, but that just made it easier to concentrate on the fact that we were on water, and that wasn't a good thing either.

I looked back at the shore. Toby looked tiny in the distance, but he was still there. Despite everything I'd really gotten lucky in that department.

Mom cleared her throat. "Casey, when we get across you need to follow instructions very closely."

"Instructions?"

"We will likely be separated, but just do what they tell you to do. No one is going to hurt you. They'll be able to tell you're one of the family."

"What if they can't?" Panicking about that seemed easier than thinking about the boat. "What if they don't believe us?"

"They will. Gareth will not hurt you."

"Who's Gareth?"I had a feeling I knew, but I asked anyway.

"My mate. Vera's father." Vera's father. It was still so strange to think about us not having the same father. Accepting Robert in theory was one thing, but accepting all the other parts that came with it was even harder.

"Are you sure he won't hurt me?" I was the evidence of why she left, although I still didn't understand what happened.

"No. He won't."

"Will he hurt you?" I hated to ask in front of the twins, but it needed to be said. She was scared of something, and I was almost positive it was him.

"No!" The twins glared at me. "How could he hurt his mate?"

"Because she left after having someone else's..." I stopped what did they know?

"You can finish. They know about that. They helped me leave."

"Oh. Then wouldn't he be angry?"

"More like heartbroken." Daria pulled her knees up to her chin. "He's never taken another mate."

"It's not as though I have either." Mom looked off into the distance.

"You mean you and Dad..."

"Never. He's a good friend."

"A good friend who shared the same bed with you for eighteen years?" How was that even possible? Wasn't it awkward? Did they have any feelings for each other?

"Exactly. I don't expect you to understand."

I didn't. I didn't understand anything about my life, but that didn't mean I had to make a big deal about it. "I guess I'll understand eventually."

Mom smiled. "There's that positive attitude again."

I looked back at the shore. I couldn't even see Toby anymore. That meant that we were getting close to the other shore. I glanced over my shoulder and regretted it. We were almost there, and there were people waiting for us-or not people. Bear shifters.

"Casey?" Mom put a hand on my arm. "Are you okay, hun?"

I breathed in and out heavily a few times. "I think I'm going to be sick."

"From the boat? From nerves?"

"Maybe a little of both."

"Daria, can you do something?" Mom asked worriedly. She wasn't looking so good herself, but she didn't nearly as sick as I felt.

"Of course." Daria put a hand on my forehead, and I was immediately overcome by a cooling sensation. My nausea faded away.

"Wow." I smiled. "Thank you."

"Anytime." Daria grinned.

"Can you both do that?" I looked at the twins.

"Nope. But I could warm you up." Maddock arched an eyebrow.

"You have the power to create warmth?" Was it the nymph side giving them these special abilities?

Daria elbowed her brother. "No, he's being gross."

"Oh." Understanding dawned on me. "No thanks."

Maddock laughed. "I wasn't actually offering. We are distantly related."

"Yeah." I really had a much bigger and weirder family than I could have imagined. Georgina and Robert were intense, but these people were just plain old quirky. I wondered what else would be waiting for me when the boat reached the shore.

Chapter Eleven

Toby

Watching the boat disappear across the lake was painful. I'd promised Casey I'd always be there for her, and yet somehow here I was sending her away to face who knew what all alone. It took every ounce of strength I had to let her go. Casey needed help, and unfortunately I wasn't the one who could give it to her.

"Depressing, huh?"

I spun around coming face to face with Hailey. "Very, but what are you doing here?"

"Georgina suggested I head this way." She stuffed her hands in the back pockets of her jean shorts. "How is she?"

"She's freaked out, overwhelmed, but unbelievably brave."

"Sounds about right."

"How did Georgina know where we were?"

"What doesn't Georgina know? She's already pacing the floors waiting for you guys."

"I bet. We probably should have told her everything-"

"She already knows."

"Really?" I'd assumed she did, but if she was openly telling Hailey... well, then she really knew.

"Uh huh. She figured it out."

"Is she pissed?"

"That you guys didn't tell her?" She sat down on a rock.

I sat down beside her. I wasn't tired, but standing was getting old. "Yeah."

"No. She thinks it's a sign of your protective instinct."

"That I know I have."

"So what now? What are your plans while you wait?"

"Plans? You mean other than staring at the water?"

"Yes." She tossed a small stone into the lake. "I mean you can't stay here for days."

"You think this is going to take days?"

She shrugged. "Maybe. I don't know."

"You want me to do something." I turned to look at her. "Just spit it out."

"I'm worried."

"About?"

"Allie."

"Why? I'm sure she's having a good time with Levi." I really was happy for them. I had Casey. I was completely over Allie.

"A good time?" Hailey raised an eyebrow. "Yeah, you'd think, but I have a bad feeling."

"A bad feeling how?" My stomach turned. Hailey didn't strike me as the type to make something out of nothing. She also wouldn't have come to me unless she really felt she needed help. We barely knew each other, and I represented a rival family to the one she'd spend her whole life loyal to.

"I don't know. She's my best friend, and something feels off."

"But you don't know how to find them, do you?" From what I understood only Jared knew.

"No. But I wish I did." She buried her face in her hands. "Maybe I'm crazy, but I'm usually right about these things."

"Do you think Levi told anyone else? Wouldn't he have told Owen?" Her brother was Levi's chief advisor. One would think he'd have been in the know.

"Owen's claiming he didn't."

"Did you tell your brother your concerns?" Maybe Owen was just keeping quiet out of loyalty to Levi. I'm sure if he did know he'd been sworn to secrecy. Just as Jared was.

"Yes, and he told me Jared would be back soon. Why he has so much faith in Jared I don't know."

"If Jared's not back soon, it might also mean Vera won't be. That's going to be a problem too."

"Casey's real close to her, huh?"

"Yes, and the two have a lot to talk about."

"What's really going on with Casey? Georgina only said 'something was off' and she's looking for her mom's family."

"That's pretty much it." Hmm. I wondered how much Georgina had told her.

"But what does off mean?"

"Weird dreams, sleeping a lot."

"Do you know what they did to her?" Hailey never beat around the bush. "Georgina said something about a weird kind of magic that works on Pterons. Do you know anything else?"

"We have no clue, but something happened. I certainly wouldn't have sent her over there if I wasn't sure of that." I gestured toward the water. The boat had completely disappeared, and with my eyesight, that meant it was really far off.

"Where exactly is the cave where they held her?"

"Oh no." I shook my head. "You're not going there."

"Why not? We need to find Jared and Vera. I get that you have to stay here for Casey, but I don't."

"I can't let you do that alone."

"Why? Because I'm a girl?" She stood up, looking down on me.

"We all know how strong you are. That's not it."

"Then what is it?"

"Jared's strong too. Arguably one of the strongest." It took a lot to admit that, but it was true. "If he's in trouble, do you really think you can handle it?"

"How great would it be if I saved him?" She grinned. "It would be legendary."

I had to smile at her excitement. I understood what it was like when people didn't take you seriously. When they doubted your abilities. But that didn't mean you could be stupid about proving yourself. "And ridiculously hard. You realize that."

"Yes. I do."

I looked back out at the water. "I can't let you go alone."

"Why don't you leave someone here then? Someone you trust."

I'd promised Casey I'd stay close. I couldn't leave. She'd understand that I wanted to help find Vera, but what if she needed me? What If she got in trouble? "Let me make a call."

"To who?" Hailey started pacing. She was so excitable.

"Just give me a sec."

I dialed the new number Eric had given me. The one that was supposedly not tapped.

"Toby?" Eric answered on the first ring. "Is she okay?"

"I think so."

"What do you mean by that?" He yelled loud enough that I had to pull the phone away from my ear. "She isn't with you?"

"They wouldn't let me go with her."

"So? You're a Pteron. Since when do you listen to what anyone tells you to do?"

"Casey needed this. I couldn't mess up her chance." I appreciated Eric's concern, but he needed to calm down. I was already plenty worried about Casey without him making it worse.

"Yeah, I'm sure."

"Where are you?" I might as well cut right to the chase. "Did you find them?"

"I got detained, but it's all okay."

"Detained?"

"Ran into some old friends."

Old friends that weren't really friends was never a good thing. "Okay... are things cool now?"

"Yes. It just slowed me down. Why? You're not leaving her to come."

"No. Of course not."

"Then what do you want?" His voice relaxed slightly. Had he really worried about me ditching her?

I stamped down my growing annoyance. I needed to get to the point and get off the phone. "Do you want some help?"

"What kind of help?" he asked suspiciously.

"A kick ass Pteron."

Hailey grinned. Everyone needed their ego stroked once in a while.

"Depends. Who is it?" The suspicion was still there.

"She's the head advisor to the queen."

"Hailey? I haven't met her, but I've heard she's hot."

Hailey could hear every word and grinned even bigger. I grinned back. "Yeah, but I wouldn't tell her that's her reputation. She's pretty tough."

"Sure. But that's fine. Give her this number and we'll meet up."

"Nice." I hung up and turned to Hailey. "Ok working with a bear?"

"One that's heard of me? Sure." She pulled my phone from me and typed his number into her phone. "Call me as soon as you hear from Casey."

"Same to you on Vera and Jared."

"This is all insane, isn't it?"

"Says the one who grew up in The Society world."

She laughed. "It isn't as much of an advantage as you'd think."

"I never said it was an advantage, just that none of this should be as surprising to you."

She shrugged. "Try to relax a little. She'll be okay. Casey is insanely strong."

"I know." Casey never ceased to impress me with her strength.

Hailey shook her head. "I don't want any details."

"I wasn't talking in that way, but you need to go anyway."

She turned to leave.

"Hailey?"

She turned back. "Yeah?"

"Be careful."

"Getting sentimental?"

"Just learning that nothing is as easy as it sounds." And you never knew when you'd seen someone again.

"And this sounds easy?"

"Not at all, which just makes it that much worse."

She laughed. "You be careful too."

"I will. I mean sitting on a rock is difficult work." I laughed. "I just hope she gets back soon."

"She will."

"Do you really think so?"

"No, but that seemed like the more socially acceptable answer."

I laughed again even though the reality of her words were anything but funny. "See you around."

"Around? Sure." Hailey took off; disappearing into the sky like Casey's boat had disappeared across the water.

Chapter Twelve

Vera

"We're so screwed." After struggling against the rocks as a bear, I'd changed back into my human form. At least we could talk that way, although I was still deciding whether that was a good thing. The small amount of light spilling in through the ceiling made the confinement a little better, but I was still ready to get out.

"You think?" He exhaled loudly. "I can't believe we screwed that up."

"We?" I turned to him even though I couldn't see a thing in the pitch blackness. "You were the one who pushed her too far."

"I was trying to distract her."

"Distract her? You were destroying her entire self-worth."

"Self-worth? Because I said Robert hadn't wanted her?"

"Woman work that way. They want every guy to want them, especially the guys we want. By the way, what's with her wanting Robert? Is she talking about the former king? He's twice her age."

"She's that age too. She's taken on the appearance of an innocent human. It's weird."

"Very." I shifted uncomfortably. Being naked wasn't feeling very natural at the moment. Despite the darkness, I felt extremely exposed.

"We have to find a way out. We have no choice."

"No kidding. I'd rather not die today."

"It's bigger than us."

"Oh? Care to fill me in?" I didn't like being kept in the dark.

"Tiffany has plans to kill Allie and Levi and use Casey as a literal puppet to take over The Society."

"Uh, what?" Either he'd lost his mind or things were even crazier than I thought.

"She did something to Casey's mind. She's in control, or can be."

"And she's killing Levi and Allie so Casey becomes queen...." The pieces were starting to fall into place. I finally understood why the boss wanted her so badly.

"That's pretty much it. We can't let that happen."

"Obviously."

"Any brilliant plans? Your idea to move further back into the cave served us well."

My mouth fell open. "I was leading us to the back entrance. You think it would have been better to head out the front? We would be worse than stuck-we'd be dead."

"We're only better than dead if we find a way out of here." Jared was one of the must infuriating people I'd ever met, and considering I'd spent years living with a bunch of jerk bears, that was saying a lot. It's like he lived to annoy me. To be fair, I probably annoyed him a lot too, but he deserved everything that came his way.

"There has to be a way out." I felt around for the wall and started pushing. "There's always a way."

"Generally I'd agree with you except I've tried everything."

"You have to get your strength back." Pteron strength was nearly unstoppable. He'd normally be able to break us out in seconds.

"You make that seem easy."

"The magic can't be that strong. You're a Pteron. Act like one." I pushed him hard. I needed to make him angry. My sense was that the magic was only going to hold to a certain point. If I could push it hard enough, maybe the hold would break. And maybe I was delusional. Either way, I didn't see any other choice.

"Oh yeah? It's all on me?"

"You are the Pteron. Aren't the rest of us supposed to bow at your feet or something?"

He laughed dryly. "Yes, that's exactly what I want. And hell, I'm naked, so if you're going to bow down, you might as well do something else."

"That had better be a joke." Was he trying to make me mad too?

"What do you think?"

"I think you're an asshole, but you're the asshole who's going to get us out of here."

"You curse too much."

"And you don't?"

"I'm a guy."

It was my turn to laugh dryly. "Having a dick doesn't give you an excuse to curse."

"And we're talking about my dick again. A little fixated?"

"First of all, I wasn't talking about yours in particular. Second of all, you're the one who brought up the whole innuendo crap."

"Innuendo crap? You said you wanted to fall down at my feet."

"I never said I wanted to. I was being sarcastic, idiot." I stepped closer to him.

"And you are annoying the hell out of me."

"Shift."

"I can't."

"Try it."

"I've tried hundreds of times."

"Try again," I demanded.

"Why?"

"Because otherwise I'm going to think you're a wuss."

"And I should care what you think?" He was so close to me that his arm brushed against me.

"Whether you should isn't the question. I already know you do."

"I don't." He huffed. "And I can't shift."

"Because you're not trying."

"Yes I am!" He screamed so loud the walls shook.

"Uh, do that again."

"Do what?"

"Get angry. You need to get angry."

"Okay, make me angry."

"That's easy. It's easy to make weak, small dicked men scream."

He laughed.

"You're supposed to be screaming and not laughing."

"But now I know what you're doing. It's not going to work."

"Fine." I happened to be pretty good at the whole pissing people off thing. "You want me to make you angry?" I took a deep breath. "We're only stuck here because you fucked up. You couldn't cut it. You couldn't make it out. And now you've ruined everything. Everything is messed up because of you."

"It's not working. I know you don't mean it."

"I do mean it. I mean what kind of head of security gets stuck in a cave? Naked?"

"Did you have to mention the naked part again? I'm telling you, you're fixated."

I groaned. "Jared. You're not getting angry."

"No. I'm not." He sighed. "New plan."

"New plan." I thought about it. "Ok. I can't get you angry at me. Let's get you angry at someone else."

"I'm already pissed at Tiffany."

"Of course you are. She's about to kill your best friend and his mate."

"I can't believe I fell for that little act of hers."

"I can't either, but that's beside the point."

"She thinks she can mess with me. She's got another thing coming."

"She does. Prove her wrong. Break us out and save everyone. Be the hero."

"If she even touches Allie..."

"You have a soft spot for her, don't you?" I decided to follow a hunch.

"Not in any way you're implying."

Bingo. Here we went. I could do this.

"Oh? You don't?"

"Of course not."

"Are you sure?" I stepped closer and touched his chest with my hand. "Are you sure you don't secretly fantasize about her. About taking Levi's place and fucking his queen?"

"Shut up!" He pushed me off him. I stumbled back.

"What? Did I get you on a sensitive subject?"

"I don't want Allie!" His yell was even louder this time, the entire cave started to shake.

"Yes you do. You want her to yourself." There was nothing fun about pushing Jared like this, but it was working. We were so close.

"I don't want her! I never have!"

Stone fell from the roof of the cave in large pieces, allowing tiny slivers of light to stream through. The plan was working, but maybe too well.

"We have to go." I grabbed his hand.

"You're a real piece of work."

"It worked though. I made you mad."

"Now let's hope we can get out alive."

"I'm going to shift into a bear. Stay with me."

Something brushed against me. "Was that what I think it is?"

"My wing. Yes. We're in business."

"I guess I'm good at making men perform."

"I'm not even going to comment on that, so we can get the hell out of here."

Chapter Thirteen

Casey

We were greeted on the other side of the lake by two stern looking men. Their faces were fixed into scowls that made me wonder if they even knew how to smile.

Mom gave me an encouraging look, and I gave the same look back. I wasn't sure which one of us needed it more.

The two scowling, towering men roughly secured the ferry to the dock. I held onto mom's hand, not out of fear of what they could do, but out of fear of what I would do. My body was fighting to transform. I needed to stay calm, or I would have an even bigger problem on my hands.

"Who authorized you to transport these foreigners over here?" One of the two frowning men glowered at Maddock.

"Taliana. Mate of Gareth." Taliana? There was that name again. Was that her real name? The two men stared at us with wide eyes.

The second man reached out a hand like he was going to touch her, but he dropped it before he did. "Is it really you?"

Mom let out a deep breath. She was trying to calm herself. I did the same thing. "Yes I have returned. This is my daughter, and we ask for safe passage to speak with Gareth."

The deep breathing helped, and I felt the prickling sensation in my back lessen. Back in New Orleans, Hailey had taught me some good tips for staying in control. I'd needed them more frequently than I'd expected. I'd have to thank her sometime.

Calmed down, I focused on the conversation. What was this? I'd met plenty of paranormals since my run in with the wolf, but none of them acted even remotely like this. They were so formal.

"Your daughter?" The two men straightened. "By blood?"

Mom nodded. "She is my daughter by blood."

They both smiled at me, like I was suddenly a heck of a lot more interesting. I'd learned that being interesting wasn't usually a good thing in the paranormal world. It was far better to blend in. Too bad I never seemed to do that.

The first one leaned in closer. "And where is her mate?"

"She hasn't taken one yet." Mom squeezed my hand, and I assumed she was telling me to keep my mouth shut. The word mate was thrown around so much, but I didn't completely understand it. What made it different than dating, or marrying someone even? I assumed someone would explain it to me eventually. Maybe Toby would. Whatever it meant, he was the only one I was interested in doing it with.

"No mate?" The other man seemed to be sniffing me. I leaned away. "But she is of age?"

"Yes. A few months over."

"We will take you to Gareth immediately." Both men reached out for my hand.

Daria laughed. "Easy there, boys."

The second man glared at her. "You may return to the other side whenever ready."

"I think we'll stay here for a while. This might get interesting." Maddock winked at me.

"That won't be necessary. We will escort them to Gareth."

Daria pouted. It was such a youthful facial expression that made it even harder to believe she was my mom's age. "Fine."

Mom once again took my hand. "We'll see you soon."

I was surprisingly reluctant to say goodbye to the twins. I had a feeling they'd be a lot friendlier than anyone else I met along the way. Daria grabbed my arm and pulled me in for a hug before she hopped back on the boat. "Don't forget who you are and what matters."

Before I could respond Maddock was already steering the boat away from the shore.

"Are you well?" One of the still nameless guys asked pulling my attention back from the retreating boat. I wished I were on it on my way back to Toby, but I'd come this far. There was no way I was giving up.

"I'm fine." I certainly wasn't going to let them know my weaknesses. I hoped mom gave me a hint of when to open up about things.

"Are you excited about your visit to Norco Island?" Evidently my short response wasn't going to excuse me from the rest of the conversation.

"I'm ready for it." I smiled at mom as I said it. I hoped that was an appropriate answer.

Her return smile let me know it was.

"Do you remember anything from being here?" the second man asked.

"I've never been here. At least I don't remember it." I glanced at mom.

She nodded. "Why don't we wait and talk about everything with Gareth."

"As you wish." Again with the formal speech. This place was so strange.

As we left the shore of the island, we moved into the woods. Before long, the tree cover was thick enough to block out the sun. A sense of foreboding hit me, although I was getting that feeling so often now that I easily shrugged it off. The harder thing to shrug off was the prickling in my back. I felt so much safer with my wings out, but that wasn't an option at the moment.

I was glad that Mom saved me from the uncomfortable conversation, but the awkward silence was nearly as bad. At least I didn't have to worry about saying the wrong thing. I did have to deal with two giant bear shifters checking me out like I was meat. I wasn't exactly sure who or what they thought I was, but it was something they wanted. Hopefully we'd get things ironed out quickly.

We walked for at least three miles. No one questioned whether I was tired, which was good on the surface, but bad because I was exhausted. The fatigue was back, and I didn't have Toby to relax me. I had to stay alert and face all of this head on.

"Are you holding in there?" Mom whispered from beside me. She'd managed to slip in between me and one of the men. Either he hadn't noticed, or he wasn't going to argue.

"I'm fine. How about you?"

"Terrified."

"I'm here." I squeezed her hand this time.

"I know, and that's what makes everything worth it."

The sound of distant voices was the first hint that we were nearing our destination.

"Remember to follow directions. "

I nodded. "Please stay with me."

"I'll do my best, honey. I'll do my best."

We entered a clearing that was still covered by the thick canopy of the forest. I looked around at what at first glance looked like ruins. On further inspection I realized they were just well hidden buildings.

The men stopped walking. "Would you like to be brought directly to Gareth?"

"Yes."

"Absolutely." The first man nodded and started walking.

My mom's hand tightened around mine. I took slow, deep breaths. Now was not the time to flip out and transform. "Stay calm. It's all going to be okay."

We followed the men up a steep set of stone steps. Mom never loosened her grip, and I didn't mind. Her tight grasp was a reminder that I wasn't facing any of this alone. We walked into a large sitting area that held a number of simple cloth couches and a few more elaborately upholstered chairs. Mom gestured for me to sit in one of the chairs. She stood next to me holding my hand. It was strange to sit while mom stood, but I was sure she had her reasons. Her whole body shook. I wasn't used to my mom being afraid of anything. There was only one exception I could remember, it was the night someone was snooping around our house. Mom made me sleep in her room for a week.

"I will get Gareth." One of the men nodded at mom and left the room.

She let out several deep breaths. I wished I were feeling confident enough to comfort her, but I wasn't. The exhaustion was worse, and all I wanted to do was curl up on one of the couches and go to sleep.

Footsteps outside the room had my mom's entire body tensing. In response mine did the same thing.

"Taliana?" A male called.

I glanced at the tall, dark haired man standing in the doorway.

"Taliana?" He remained in the doorway watching her like he didn't know what to do.

"Hello, Gareth." Mom watched him carefully.

There was an awkward moment where I wasn't sure what he was going to do, but then he started taking long strides into the room. "You've returned."

"I have."

His face softened and he closed the distance between him and my mom. He pulled her into his arms, offsetting my hand. I watched in shock as he held her against him and started to cry. She did the same thing. What was going on? I was prepared for a fight, but not for this. I held onto the arms of my chair to keep a bearing.

After several moments, Gareth stepped away from Mom. "And is this our daughter? Is this Astrella?"

Astrella? Who was he talking about?

Mom shook her head. "No. She is not with me today, but she is well. This is my other daughter."

"Your other daughter?" His voice rose. "You bore another daughter?" He walked over to me. "Whose is she? Who dared lie with my mate? Was it Chris? I will have him killed."

"No! Chris is innocent, Gareth." Mom grasped his arm. "I was never willingly with anyone but you."

"Are you sure she is not mine?"

Mom nodded. "I'm positive."

"Tell me. Tell me how that could be true."

I wanted to know the same thing. Clearly she'd had sex with Robert. What was she getting at?

"I will tell you everything if you'll give me a chance."

He nodded. "I would give you a million chances."

My chest tightened. Was he for real? He reunites with his mate and finds out she has an illegitimate daughter, yet he's all lovey dovey?

Mom sat down on a couch and he sat down next to her. Nearly on top of her. I just watched, feeling like a voyeur watching something I wasn't supposed to.

"Ok, Taliana. Tell me everything."

She nodded. "I'm glad we're all sitting."

Chapter Fourteen

Jared

As soon as Vera shifted back into a bear I started pushing the rocks out of the way. I'd successfully broken us out of our little prison, but we still had to find an exit. I hoped Tiffany had really left us for dead. Even with my strength back I didn't feel like getting into a fight just then. I had no clue what magic she'd used against me, but I was determined to never experience its effects again. When I got to Levi I'd have to talk to him about wiping it from existence.

We'd barely made it halfway down the main corridor of the cave when I heard footsteps. I touched Vera lightly to get her to stop. I'd retracted my wings to make it easier to walk, but I was ready for whoever was coming, I just really hoped it wasn't that nasty witch again.

A faint light announced their approach from where we hid behind a boulder.

I watched, waiting to see what we'd be facing.

"Hailey?" I yelled out in surprise. What was she doing there? And the bigger question was why was she with a bear? I refused to believe she was going to double cross me too.

"Get away from him!" Hailey lunged for Vera, but I jumped in front of her. Hailey stopped short just in front of my hand.

I looked right into her eyes. It was the best way to calm a Pteron down. "She's with me."

"A bear?"

"I could say the same thing about you."

Vera made a small snarl next to me which I assumed was her way of asking if Hailey was safe.

"She's a friend," I reassured Vera, "But I don't know who this bear is."

"He's Toby's friend," Hailey replied. The bear growled.

I laughed. "Yeah, I wouldn't want someone calling me that hawk's friend either."

Hailey shoved me. "Come on, let's get out of here."

"How'd you guys get in? Is the entrance still open?"

"Yeah, come around this way."

It was much easier to move around with Hailey's light guiding the way, but it was strange to be moving in a group like ours. Two Pterons and two bears? I wondered when the last time that had happened.

We wound our way around the cave, until finally the smallest stream of sunlight came into view. We all picked up the pace, anxious to leave the cave behind. At least I was, and I was positive Hailey was too. I've said it before, but it bears repeating. Pterons and caves don't mix.

We dashed out into the sunlight. I'd never take the sun for granted again. I gazed up at the sky with adoration. For a while there I'd actually wondered if I'd ever see it again.

I couldn't spend too long staring up. I transformed, needing to feel the warm rays on my wings and once again relieved that whatever Tiffany had done to me had worn off, or rather Vera had helped me fight it. I didn't see her. I did however see Hailey standing there with her hands blocking her eyes.

Oh yeah. I was still buck naked.

"Please put some pants on." Hailey groaned. "I don't know how much more of this I can take."

"Owen would be glad to know you hide your eyes when a guy's naked."

"I do it specifically when you're naked, Jared. Not all guys."

Vera appeared next to me in her human form. She was wearing short shorts and a tiny tank top again. They may have been the same ones she wore when we'd met her the day before. Had it really only been a day? It had felt like an eternity since I'd last seen everyone else.

"Give the poor girl a break," Vera held out a pair of pants. "Put these on.'

"What are these?"

"They're called pants. It's kind of the in thing right now for people to wear."

Hailey laughed. "I like you. I'm Hailey by the way."

I stepped into the too short pants while the girls introduced themselves.

"I'm Vera." She bent down to pick up something off the ground. I tried not to stare, but man what an ass.

"Jared, stop checking out Casey's sister."

"You know Casey?" Vera said with excitement.

"Yeah. She's really cool. She also speaks highly of you."

"Ok, girls. Enough chit chat."

Both girls turned to glare at me.

"Where's the other bear?" Had I really been so distracted I'd just let him disappear.

"I'm here." A fairly tall and very broad guy with blond hair walked over. "I'm Eric."

"Jared."

"I know."

"Did you guys just happen to be here?" We had a lot to do, but I still didn't know how they'd found us. Maybe this meant Casey and Toby had made it to safety. But Casey. Her head. I had to tell them.

"Toby told us where you were. I promised Casey I'd find Vera." Eric smiled at her, and I wanted to smack him. Was I really getting possessive over a bear? A bear who pissed me off more than anyone I'd ever met?

"Have you seen them?" I tried to keep the panic out of my voice, but it wasn't easy. I had no idea what condition Casey would be in.

"I've seen Toby, Casey was with her mom though. They are at some bear island place." Hailey was finally looking at me again now that I was appropriately covered.

"She's with our mom?" Vera asked. "When? I haven't heard from Mom in weeks."

"I helped connect them." Eric smiled sheepishly. "I'm kind of the middle man."

"That's great, but more to the point, has anyone seen Casey?" We had no time to lose.

"I saw her. She's not feeling great." Eric seemed worried. That only worried me more.

"Tiffany messed with her head."

"Tiffany?" Hailey looked at me funny. "Our Tiffany?"

"Oh yeah. You don't know yet." There was so much to explain, yet so little time.

"Uh, what don't I know?"

"Tiffany isn't Tiffany. She's a crazy witch who's been behind everything."

Hailey shook her head. "This isn't the time to play games with me."

"Tiffany is the bitch who tried to kill us?" Vera asked.

"Yes." I nodded.

"Then he's telling the truth. The boss is a crazy witch."

"And we have no time to screw around. She messed with Casey's head and is going to use her to take over The Society."

"Are you sure the witch didn't do something to you?" Eric asked.

I stepped toward him. "Listen to me, bear. Casey is in danger. You said so yourself that something is wrong with her."

"Yeah, but take over The Society?"

"She's planning to have the king and queen killed." Vera sighed. "We have no time."

That did the trick. "What? Allie and Levi?" Hailey stumbled back.

"Yes. I have to warn them." Unless I was too late. That thought was there lurking under my forced optimism.

"I knew it." Hailey paled. "That's why I came. I needed to know where to find them."

I tried to keep my outward appearance calm. It would just upset Hailey more if she knew how worried I was. "You said Casey was with her mom? Does her mom know what's going on? Does Casey realize her head's been messed with?"

Hailey still looked white as a ghost. "She knows something is wrong."

"We need to make certain she knows. Tiffany can take control at any time."

"Take control? Like a puppet?" Hailey ran her teeth over her bottom lip.

"Exactly, it sounds like she can be in complete control of her mind if she wants to be."

Hailey gaped at me. "Oh my god. She wants to kill Allie and Levi so Casey becomes queen."

"Precisely."

"Let's go get them. We need to save them." Hailey transformed.

"I will get them, you get to Casey. Who knows what Tiffany could be having her do?"

"I need to get Allie. You can't go alone."

"I'll go with him." Vera responded immediately. "You said Casey is with our mom. If I show up it's going to throw everything off."

"I'll go with Hailey then," the bear offered. "I might be of some help dealing with the other Ursus."

"Fine, but we're flying." Hailey crossed her arms. "And I'm only agreeing to this because I care about Casey." She put a hand on my arm. "Jared, get them back and do it fast."

"I will." I meant it. I'd do anything for Allie and Levi.

Hailey took off in a blur, carrying the giant bear with her. No one could say Hailey wasn't strong.

Vera turned to me. "Do you plan to fly with me?" There was a faint layer of excitement in her voice. Did this bear actually want to fly with me?

"Yes. I'm not leaving you here, but you better not slow me down."

"I saved your ass in there."

"I know you did." It was all I could say.

"We can't fly all the way there. I can't hold you that long and even flying on my own would be too slow. We need to fly to the city so I can get us a jet."

"A jet? Nice. But how does this part work? How should I stand?"

There was something amusing about the way she described flying. If things weren't so dire I would have focused on all the little innuendos in her words. "That depends. Do you want to watch where we're going?"

She nodded.

"Then turn around."

"Turn around?" She eyed me suspiciously.

"Come on, you just saved me. I'm not going to hurt you."

"Fine." She huffed out a deep breath.

I wrapped my arms around her, trying not to enjoy the way her body felt against mine.

"You better not get a hard on when we're up there."

"Why? Would that bother you?"

"No, but it would bother you."

I laughed. "I think we'll be okay." I took off, trying not to focus on all the insane problems I needed to deal with. I was flying. Like the sun, my ability to fly was something I'd never take for granted again.

Vera screamed as I soared up higher, but I realized quickly it was a happy scream. She spread her arms out wide, and I was almost positive she had her eyes open. A bear who liked to fly. I supposed stranger things have happened.

It was a fairly short flight, but I tried to enjoy every second of it. It felt so good to have my wings out, and to have Vera's body pressed against mine. Her excitement fed into mine, and despite everything I was on a bit of a high by the time we landed.

Chapter Fifteen

Casey

"You're the only man I've ever loved." Mom gazed up at Gareth, and there was no doubt she meant the words she was saying. But what did that mean for me? I came from a relationship that meant nothing?

"And you know I've never loved another, but I need to know what happened." Gareth tightened his arm around her. "What made you leave, and how did it happen?" He looked at me. I guess I was the it that had happened.

"Remember when you sent me up to that summit? You had to deal with problems within the clan, and you sent me in your place."

"Yes." He nodded. "I remember. I hated to make you go alone, but I knew you were more than capable of representing our clan."

"Everything was going as planned until I met a woman who asked me to help her. She told me her friend was hurt, and she desperately needed the help of a bear with the gift."

A bear with the gift? I wanted to know what she was talking about, but I figured the smart thing to do would be to keep my mouth shut.

"Continue." He rested his hand on her leg.

"I followed her out into the woods to help, and then I remembered nothing more."

"What do you mean?" I had to talk.

Both my mom and Gareth stared at me, so I shut my mouth.

"I don't remember anything until I woke up sometime later confused, dazed, in pain, and without my clothes."

"But you never told me of this? Did you tell anyone?" His hand tightened on her leg. She didn't seem to notice.

"I got dressed and left my room, but before I could make it two steps out the door a beautiful dark-haired woman hurried me back inside."

Gareth nodded.

"At first I thought it was another witch, but it wasn't. It was a human." Mom looked off in the distance. I was sure she was reliving an experience she wanted to forget.

Gareth and I waited silently for her to continue.

"She told me the witch had used powerful magic, and that I'd become a pawn in a dangerous dispute." Mom swallowed hard. "She told me the king had been drugged and attacked by the magic as well."

"The king?" Gareth shot off the couch. "You don't mean?"

Mom hung her head. "I didn't want to believe her, but her face was so kind. So trusting. She told me that if I got pregnant I needed to run. I needed to hide. She told me not to tell anyone."

"She hurried off, and I tried to remember. I used every ounce of strength I had to bring back memories of what had happened, but nothing worked. I moved through the day, determined to talk to the healers when I came back home."

Gareth sat back down. "Did anything else happen before you returned?"

"I saw the human again. She was on the arm of a high ranking Pteron. I tried to talk to her, but she pretended we'd never met. The Pteron she was with handled her roughly after that, so I just packed up and left. I didn't want to get the woman in more trouble."

Gareth put his arm around mom again.

"I returned home to find you and Astrella, and all I wanted to do was pretend nothing had happened. But I couldn't. I could feel it. Something was different about me. Something had happened."

I'd happened. I tried not to let the story upset me, but it did.

"I went to see the healers and they sensed the magic at once. They tried to rid me of it, but no matter what they did there was still some left."

"Because I was already part of you. They couldn't get rid of me."

Mom moved away from Gareth and kneeled down beside me. "You are the one positive thing that came from everything. I have more of the story to tell, but don't forget that."

"I'll try."

Mom returned to her spot on the couch. "Daria was able to confirm for sure that I was pregnant. She has that gift as well, and I knew right away that this pregnancy was different. It felt different, and if the human was to be believed, I was carrying the child of the king. Her existence could change everything. She'd be a target."

"So you left? You took Astrella with you?"

"She goes by Vera now, and yes. I'd debated telling you everything, but I knew you'd tell me to stay. You'd insist on raising the child as your own."

"Which I would have." Gareth gazed at me for a moment before turning back to my mom. "That would have been what was best for everyone."

"Except for her. It wouldn't have been what was best for my unborn child. She couldn't know what she was. As soon as she did she'd be in danger."

"So you left, and took my daughter." For the first time some anger entered Gareth's voice.

"I had a premonition. A horrible dream that Vera would be killed if I left her behind. I was trying to protect her." Mom hung her head again.

Gareth patted mom's back. "You should have confided in me. You should have stayed."

"I wish I could have."

"But what's done is done." Gareth looked across the room at me again. "What's your name?"

"Casey." I tried to stay calm. He couldn't hurt me. I was a Pteron. I was strong. But even as I said it my body begged for sleep. I wasn't strong enough to do anything.

"I know we do not know each other, but I'd like to change that."

"Why?" I blurted out the first thing that came to my mind. "I'm the reason your mate left you." I used their word even though it still felt foreign.

"Because you are Taliana's daughter. She is my mate, and that makes you my child by all the rules I follow."

This was the second man I didn't know claiming me as his daughter in just a few weeks. It was all too much. "I need to lie down."

"Is she ill?" Gareth looked at my mom.

Mom quickly helped me over to the couch. "Yes. She was captured by someone, and I fear that the same kind of magic was used on her."

I rested my head down on the soft couch, immediately finding relief. I couldn't keep my head up any longer. The exhaustion and the stress of hearing my mom recount the story was too much.

"I will get the healers." Gareth's voice sounded far away.

"You're going to be okay." Mom brushed my hair away from my face. The motion reminded me of being a child. My mom always knew how to make me feel better.

"He isn't angry?" It took a lot of energy just to speak those words.

"He's hurt that I didn't confide in him, but he'll come around."

"You did all of that for me." She'd fill in the blanks, speaking was so hard. I needed a short nap.

"I'd do anything for you, or Vera. For both of you."

"I love you."

"I love you too."

***

"How long ago did this happen?" An unfamiliar voice asked. "How long has she been like this?"

"It's only been a few days, but I wasn't with her. Is it that bad?" Mom asked.

I gave myself another moment to wake up before forcing my eyes open and moving to sitting. Mom immediately sat at my side to steady me. "Take it easy."

"I'm fine." I wasn't fine, but I wasn't going to admit weakness in front of people I didn't know. From what I'd seen, showing any weakness in The Society was dangerous.

"Who did this?" a woman wearing a long purple dress asked. "Who did this to you?"

"I don't know. It was all dark and shadowy. There was smoke and chanting."

"It's quadrious witchcraft." She looked at Gareth when she spoke. "It's going to take some work, but we may be able to fix it."

"What did they do to her? Why is she so weak?" Mom asked.

"It's not the weakness that worries me." She spoke softly.

"What do you mean?" Mom's voice lilted. "What aren't you saying?"

"Perhaps we should speak outside?" the woman suggested.

"No!" I shot up to my feet. "Anything you have to say you can say in front of me."

The woman shook her head. "I'm not sure I should."

"Just say it. I will assess the news and determine a course of action." Gareth definitely liked to take charge.

The woman sighed. "There's something here. Some influence. I believe whoever used the magic wanted to have control."

"Control?" The world started spinning. "Control of me?"

"Yes." The woman folded her hands in her lap. "I believe so far you've been able to fight her influence off. That says a lot about your strength." She smiled slightly. "But I assume the effort is why you are so exhausted."

"But I haven't been trying to fight it off. I haven't been trying to do anything."

"Your subconscious has been. You've been fighting it this whole time."

Mom took my hand. "What do we do? How can you get rid of it?"

"It's going to all come down to her."

"What do you mean?" I sat back down. "I have to do it myself?"

"Not alone, but you're the one who has to take charge."

"So if I can't fight this off, there's nothing anyone can do?"

"You can fight it." Mom sat back down next to me. "You can do this. We can do it together."

"What if she's messing with me now? What if these aren't my thoughts?"

No one said anything, and the silence terrified me. Finally the woman spoke. "You are in control. You are fighting it. You need to reach to the place that makes you feel strong."

I closed my eyes, that place was the sky. That place was flying.

"We should get Toby." Mom spoke the words I wanted to say but was afraid to utter.

"Toby?" Gareth asked. "Who is that?"

"Her boyfriend. He's a Pteron. Of the Blackwell line."

"Boyfriend?" Gareth looked at me. "Do you intend to be his mate?"

"I don't know. I don't even really understand what this whole mate thing is."

"That doesn't matter now." Mom shook her head. "What matters is that he calms her. He'll be able to help."

"Is he nearby?" Gareth asked. It seemed like he wasn't going to argue.

"On the other side of the lake. My guess is he's still waiting."

"Go get the Pteron," Gareth ordered one of his men. "Bring him immediately."

"Yes, sir." One of the men from earlier hurried off.

"We need to rid her of the magic so we can perform the ceremony."

"The ceremony?" I asked. "What kind of ceremony?"

"I already told you you're my child, but I need to claim you as my daughter officially and welcome you home."

"You've welcomed me enough already." The word ceremony didn't sound good.

"Maybe." He smiled. "But we haven't welcomed your boyfriend yet."

Chapter Sixteen

Jared

I shouldn't have been happy that Vera was with me. She was only going to slow me down. She did understand bears a hell of a lot more than I did because she was one, but she might also be sentimental. I was going to strike first and ask questions later. I hoped she felt the same way.

Landing right on the island would have only tipped the enemy off, so I told the pilot to land about a twenty minute flight away. Hopefully Vera would be up for a second flight.

"I could get used to traveling this way." Vera lounged on one of couches in the private jet.

"Yeah well, I have too much on my mind to enjoy it."

"That's not it." She sat up. "You're jaded."

"Jaded?"

"Yeah. You've grown up with all this." She gestured to the plane. "You're used to it."

"You do know this isn't my plane, right?" I wasn't sure what Vera knew about me, but I assumed by the way she treated me she knew I wasn't royal.

"Yes, but has the use of it ever been denied to you? Would they have ever made you fly commercial like the rest of us? In coach nonetheless?" She smirked. The girl had a sense of humor.

"I have wings. I wouldn't settle for coach." I laughed picturing having to squeeze in between two people on a commercial flight. That wouldn't go over well. It was hard enough controlling my urge to transform when I flew on a Laurent jet.

"You know what I mean. You've probably always had everything."

"I've had all the material things I've needed, but haven't you?" I didn't know that much about New York, but Long Island wasn't a bad place to live. Casey had worked a part time job, but that was a more recent change from what I understood.

"We did, but not like you. You know one of the reasons I left home?"

"I thought it was because you wanted to be with the bears." Which I understood on some level. It was probably hard to stay with humans once you knew you were more. She probably wanted to learn more about her abilities and other form.

"That was part of it. I also wanted to protect Casey from all the crap that came with being a bear. Especially the guys."

"Finn?"

"Yeah. He's better than a lot of them, but he still hurt her. I should have protected her better."

I shrugged. "You do what you can do."

"Yeah." She looked away. "That's a few of the reasons."

"But there's more?" I wasn't really in the mood for small talk, but maybe it would help pass the time.

"I knew my parents couldn't pay for both of us to go to college. Casey's the smart one."

"You were willing to give up your own education so your sister could get one?" Either I had misread her, or Vera has a lot of hidden layers. I'd never pegged her as that sort. I wondered if I'd have been willing to do the same? Probably not. I was selfish most of the time. The realization bothered me more than it should have.

"She's the most important person in the world to me." She spoke with such conviction that I needed to know more.

"You guys were close growing up?"

"As close as sisters can be, well until I started pushing her away. I didn't want her to turn out like me."

"And what were you?" I leaned back. This conversation was getting more and more interesting.

"I knew what guys wanted and how to use that to my advantage."

"I see."

"What?" She was in my face in a blur. "You of all people are going to judge me for that?"

"Why shouldn't I?"

She laughed dryly. "Don't pretend you're any better." She sat back down.

"I don't use my body to get what I want."

"No, you just use girls to feel good about yourself. It's the same thing."

"I don't use girls. I just enjoy them." At least I used to. Sex was starting to bore me, which scared me more than most things.

"You mean you discard them."

"You don't even know me." I'd been chewed out by women before, but aside from Allie they had all been ones I'd slept with. Allie got a pass because she was the queen, but Vera didn't have that excuse.

"What happened with my sister?" She glared at me.

"I saved her."

"Before that." She crossed her legs and leaned forward. "What happened?"

"I didn't know what she was. We had fun."

"And you found out what she was and discarded her, isn't that how Toby explained it?"

"It's not something I'm proud of." I'd beaten myself up about it enough. She didn't need to do it herself. "Why does it matter now? She's with Toby." And in much more serious danger than I ever was to her.

"Because I'm trying to understand you." She ran her tongue over her bottom lip.

"To understand me?" I laughed. "Why would you bother doing that?"

"Because we're spending time together. I might as well."

"I think you're right." I stretched, leaving my hands behind my head. "We are alike."

"I never said we're alike. I said you were just as bad."

"Same thing."

"No. It's not the same thing." She rested her elbows on her knees.

"How so?" I was enjoying the banter way more than I should have. Why was this girl getting under my skin?

"I used guys who wanted to be used, who were using me."

"And the girls I sleep with aren't using me?" And she thought I was sexist?

"Was Casey using you?"

"Leave Casey out of this. She's not who you're really talking about, and you know it."

"No. I don't think the girls are using you."

"I've never misled anyone. I've never promised more than I was going to give."

"But you don't think they expect more? That they don't expect there to be a next time?" There was a vulnerability in her voice and in her expression that made me pause.

"Who are we talking about now?"

"You. The girls you use."

"Ok. I was just making sure we weren't talking about you."

She blinked in surprise. "Why would we be? I'd never be dumb enough to sleep with you."

"Oh yeah?" I smirked. "Dumb enough?"

"I'm sure you're uh good, but plenty of guys are."

"I assure you I'm more than good, but don't worry. I have no interest in touching you either." That was completely untrue. I had plenty of interest in touching her, touching her everywhere, but it wasn't an option.

"That's not what your eyes were doing yesterday."

"Admiring a beautiful woman is different from wanting to bed her."

"Beautiful?" She asked.

I loved watching her reactions. She was so easy to read. "I'm guessing the bears you spend time with don't use that word much."

"I doubt you do. Besides, what does it even mean? Who defines beauty?"

"Are we getting philosophical now?" I walked over and sat down next to her. I was drawn to her like a moth to a flame. I knew she was dangerous in that she was a real distraction, but I couldn't resist getting close to her. Once we found Levi and Allie though we were going to have to part ways.

"I'm just asking a question. You're the one who used a term you can't define."

"You don't think I can define beauty?"

She shook her head. "No."

I responded instantly. I didn't need to think over my answer. "Beauty is strength. It's eyes that are clear and bright, and it's a gracefulness that very few people have. It's a glow."

"And I have those things?"

"Yes, but you're also sexy." So damn sexy it was killing me.

"And sexy is different?"

"Of course." I leaned in, unable to resist getting a whiff of her intoxicating scent. I could look but not touch I reminded myself.

"What's sexy?"

"Sexy is about curves and edges, lips that beckon, and legs that call to be opened."

"Oh?" Her voice wavered. I was having an effect on her, and I couldn't have been happier. Was I losing it? Had the time in the cave driven me insane?

"Yes."

"My legs call to be opened?"

"Yes." I rested a hand on her bare leg, right below the edge of shorts. Her skin was warm and soft, and I wanted to explore more of it.

"Like this?" She opened her legs slightly, and I wished she'd been wearing a skirt.

"Yeah, you don't want to sleep with me, remember?" I forced my eyes up to her face.

She stood. "You're weaker than I thought."

"I'm not weak." I tried to compose myself. I couldn't let this girl get to me. Anytime would be bad, but especially not then. My best friend, the king, was in trouble, and I was the only one who could save him. I had to save him.

"You are, but there's no time for that."

"Exactly. You're the one who started the stupid conversation."

"You didn't think it was a stupid conversation a few minutes ago."

"Just drop it." I spoke through gritted teeth.

"Fine. What's the plan?"

I took a seat. "We meet up with Owen, and check out the island."

"Owen?"

"Yeah, he's Levi's chief advisor."

"And I'm guessing he's ridiculously young and inexperienced too?"

"We've been training for our jobs for years." For nearly our whole lives in my case at least. There was never a question that I was going to be in security, it was just whether Levi would trust me to be in charge. It had only been a few months, and I'd let all hell break lose. Maybe I hadn't been the right choice.

"I'm sure you have."

"Look, can you just stop?" I was beating myself up enough. I didn't need her adding to it.

"Stop what?" She put a hand on her hip.

"Trying to piss me off. I get that it's the only way you know how to deal with people."

"Oh yeah?" She walked over to the bar and poured herself a shot of whiskey into a glass.

"What are you doing?" Was she for real?

"Getting something to drink. What does it look like I'm doing?"

"Now? We're going to a potential fight. Do you really think drinking is a smart move?"

"Trust me." She took a long sip of the brown liquid. "I'll be better after this."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means I need a drink." She took another sip.

"I'll take one too." I walked over to the bar.

She filled a glass. "I thought drinking was a bad idea."

My fingers grazed hers as I picked up my glass. I couldn't ignore the spark that ran between us, but I wanted to. I needed to. "Alcohol doesn't really affect me, but if you're having one, I might as well have one too."

"Don't act like you're doing me a favor. I really don't care what you do."

"Sure you do."

"I don't. I'm only with you because you need my help."

I slammed my glass down with more force than I intended. The glass shattered sending whiskey spilling out all over the bar top. "What is it with you? What do I have to do to get you to stop making everything a fight?"

"Stop being an asshole."

"Me? I'm the asshole?" I ran a hand through my hair. "If this goes back to Casey again, I'm going to be pissed."

"It has nothing to do with Casey." She hopped up onto the bar.

"Then what does it have to do with?" I did my best to calm down. I had to stop letting Vera get to me.

"I don't know."

I laughed. "You don't?"

"No. I just hate the way you make me feel."

"How do I make you feel?" I took a step toward her. "It can't be what being near you does to me."

"You mean you don't simultaneously want to punch me and fuck me?"

I coughed. Could she actually read my mind or something? "No, that actually sums it up about right."

"Then just kiss me already. Get it over with."

"Kiss you? Are you kidding?"

"No."

"I already told you I'm not sleeping with you."

"Then just shut up." She yanked on my shirt pulling me toward her. Her lips were on mine before I could process it. My lips responded immediately, greedily sucking on her bottom lip before pushing my way into her mouth.

She moaned, eagerly letting me in. My tongue tangled with hers, as I explored every corner of her mouth. Before my hands could do their own exploration she broke the kiss. "So much better." She hopped down from the bar.

"Excuse me?" I was still spinning from the kiss. Had she really stopped that suddenly?

"Ok, let's talk about the plan."

"Now?" I asked with disbelief. "After that?"

"You could say thank you."

"Thank you?"

"For easing the tension. It was thick enough to cut with a knife, but I preferred your tongue."

"So that's it? You just did that to ease sexual tension?"

"What did you think I was doing?"

"Giving in to your desires." My eyes devoured her. Her tank top had pulled up when we were kissing, exposing even more smooth skin I wanted to touch.

"You mean our desires. There's nothing one sided here."

I glanced down at the bulge still obvious in my pants. "You've got that right."

"You're not a bad kisser."

"Not bad?" I raised an eyebrow.

"I'd say you're a seven."

"A seven? I'm a ten. I'm a ten at everything involving sex." I had no confidence issues in that department. No matter how pissed girls got at me, they never complained about the sex.

"But that wasn't sex. Your dick wasn't involved. I'm sure you rely on it to earn you points."

"I don't just rely on my dick."

"Oh yeah? Well your tongue seems a little bit out of practice. Not using it much?"

"I use it plenty."

"Oh. My mistake." She licked her lips. "Anyway back to that plan."

"You can't start talking about my dick and tongue and licking your lips like that and expect me to concentrate on anything." My jeans had moved beyond uncomfortable.

"I wasn't licking my lips."

"Yes you were."

"I was not." She walked off. "We're getting close, aren't we?"

"Yes." I stared at her ass as she walked away. Was she doing that on purpose too?

"Then I'm taking a shower. There has to be one on here, right?"

"Save some cold water for me." I was really going to need it.

She turned and grinned. "Don't worry. I'll be using the hot."

"Come on, you're just as bothered by that as me."

"I already got what I needed."

"A kiss? A kiss was all you needed?"

"From you, yes." She walked off down the aisle.

"Fuck." I really was using that word way too much, but with everything I'd been dealing with, it was warranted.

"I already told you I'm not having sex with you."

I'd forgotten bear hearing was better than human's too.

"Yeah, I know." I took a seat and tried to snap myself out of the daze. She was just a girl. Sure the kiss had been hot, but it was just a kiss. If I could just resist her for the next day or so the temptation would be gone and things could go back to normal. I'd find a human to spend the night with the next chance I had.

Satisfied I'd pushed my feelings far enough aside, I pulled out my phone and called Owen. He'd called twice while Vera was busy distracting me.

"Where the hell have you been?" he barked into the phone. "I've called you twice."

"Glad to talk to you too."

"Come on, this is serious."

"I know. I called you back as soon as I could."

"She's just a girl, Jared."

I could practically see the smirk on his face. I ignored the bait. "You still set to meet us?"

"Sure, but are you okay?"

"Of course I'm okay."

"You sound kind of weird."

"I'm not." He was starting to piss me off.

"If you say so."

"I do."

"Fine." He wisely dropped it. "Are you sure we shouldn't have more backup?"

"Not on the island. Levi will freak. We need to do this quietly. They need to stay back."

"I hope you're right."

"I'm always right. You've known me long enough to know that already."

"And you're full of it."

"Just get your ass to the coordinates I texted you."

"I will. Just keep it in your pants until we get Levi."

"Like I'm going to do a bear?"

"You did a Pteron. I thought the rules were out the window."

"Shut up." My hands balled into fists. Aside from Vera, Owen was the best at making me angry. We should have had him in the cave. I'd have transformed before Tiffany had left.

"See you soon." He hung up.

"Your turn," Vera called from down the aisle.

"I think I'll pass." I'd cooled off enough.

Then I made the mistake of turning around. She was standing there completely naked while she toweled off her hair. "Are you sure about that?"

"Fuck." It looked like I was going to need that cold shower.

Chapter Seventeen

Toby

I hadn't moved. Well aside from getting up to relieve myself once, I hadn't moved off the rocks since Hailey left. I had no clue how long Casey was going to be gone, but since there was a possibility she'd be back, or even more importantly that she'd need me, I wasn't going far.

The sun had set completely, leaving me under the cover of darkness. I didn't mind the dark. My night vision was near perfect, and there was a calm that only the night could bring. I yearned to fly, to stretch my wings, but doing that too close to the island might get us all in trouble. Casey was facing the bears alone, the least I could do was sit and wait patiently.

"You love her, don't you?" Daria took a seat next to me on the rock. She and her brother had returned not long after Casey had left, but they'd wandered off almost immediately.

"Yes." There was no reason to hesitate with that answer.

"That's sweet."

"I don't know if it's sweet, but it's real."

"Isn't sweet a good thing?" She looked up at me through her bright emerald eyes.

"Yes, but real is better. Sweet can be fake too."

"She's going to be okay."

"You can't know that." I was too nervous to worry about displaying false confidence. Evidently Casey's mother had trusted this person. I figured I could be at least a little bit honest with her.

"What can we know?" She brushed her shoulder against mine. "Does anyone really know anything?"

"I know I love her."

"Ok. Arguably we know deep emotions, but do we ever really know what's to come? Even those gifted with seeing the future can be wrong."

"Because one small deviation changes everything."

"Exactly."

"I just need her to be okay. I finally found the one. The one girl who makes me feel like I can be a good man. The one girl that makes me feel like anything is possible. I can't lose her."

Daria tossed a tiny pebble into the lake. "That sounds very selfish."

"Selfish?"

"Yeah." She turned to me. "Are you listening to yourself? Each of those statements was about what she makes you feel. How about who she is?"

I sighed. "She's amazing."

"Why?"

"Because she's so strong, beautiful, smart, and unique." Just talking about Casey had my heart beating faster.

"That's more like it."

"Are you trying to distract me?"

"Maybe. Do you need a distraction?" She leaned in.

"Not if it involves flirting or anything like that."

She laughed. "I know. I already told you I can tell you love her."

"And love is enough to stop you? I thought nymphs couldn't control that side of them?"

"And I thought all Pterons were arrogant jerks."

I laughed. "Very true. Stereotypes are a dangerous thing."

"They are."

"I'm going to marry her. I'm going to have her as my wife and mate. I'm not accepting anything less."

Daria smiled. "I know."

"You do?"

"Yeah. It's pretty obvious. You're still sitting here, aren't you?"

"Yes. I'll sit here as long as I have to."

"She's lucky to have you."

"I'm the lucky one."

A groan from behind me had us both whirling around. Daria sighed. "What do you want, Maddock?"

"You two sound pathetic."

"There's nothing pathetic about love." Daria crossed her arms and glared at her brother. "It's the truest of all the emotions."

"No, love isn't pathetic, but sitting around talking about it is."

"What should we be doing instead? We have to wait here just as much as he does."

"Why? Why do you have to wait?" I still wasn't exactly sure what their job was other than ferrying people across the lake. Maybe that was it.

"We should just tell him." Daria laid back on the rock and stared at the sky. "He'd get it."

"Get what?" She had my attention.

"Why would he get it?" Maddock grumbled. "He's just a love-sick Pteron."

I laughed. "Love sick? I suppose there are worse descriptions."

"Have you ever been in trouble, Toby?" Daria asked without sitting up.

I laughed dryly. "Of course. Most of my life I was."

"See, he'll get it."

"Come on. Just tell me."

"Do you swear not to tell Taliana?"

"Taliana?"

"Casey's mom."

"Sure." I didn't know her mom well, so I could promise that. I couldn't however promise not to tell Casey.

"We're being punished."

"Punished?"

"For helping Taliana leave, for failing to make her stay. The wording of why we're being punished changes every time Gareth reminds us of it."

"He blames you for her leaving?" I never really understood what happened, and I figured someone would tell me eventually.

"She needed to leave, and we helped her. She was a good friend and family, and we trusted her word."

"What's your punishment? To ferry the boats across?"

"To be allowed near our home but forbidden to step into it."

"You're not allowed to go home?"

Maddock exhaled loudly. "Nope. Not once in over eighteen years."

"That's a pretty harsh punishment, but no offense, why not leave? Is this place really that important to you?"

Daria sat up. "I forget Pterons are different."

"Different?"

"You're not tied to a place. You're not loyal to the earth. You belong in the sky, and the sky is endless."

I'd never thought of things that way, but what she was saying made sense. "Now that Taliana is back, do you think you can go home?"

Maddock shrugged. "Who knows? If Gareth says no, then we leave. There's nothing else that could possibly change his mind."

"If I had any pull I'd use it. Maybe Casey could help? She is royalty."

The look on the twins' faces let me know I'd said the wrong thing. "Forget I said that."

"Forget it?" Daria leaned in close. "What are you talking about? We know she's a Pteron, but she's royal?"

I exhaled loudly. "I guess the cat is out of the bag. Yes."

"So it was Robert Laurent? Taliana never gave us details, but we knew the pregnancy was different."

"I don't know much more than that."

"I wonder if Gareth knew. Yet he still wanted her back."

"None of it really makes sense. I'm hoping Casey is getting some answers right now."

"That would be nice, wouldn't it be?"

I heard the lapping of the water and the whirl of the engine before I saw the boat. "Who is that?" I peered over to the dock.

"Toby?" A guy called over from another ferry boat. This one was smaller than the one Casey took over.

"Yes." I walked over at a quick clip. If he was asking for me it had to have something to do with Casey.

"You are needed."

"Is she okay? Is Casey all right?"

"Get in the boat please."

I did as they asked, only casting a quick glance back at the twins.

"Take care of your girl, Toby." Daria smiled, but now I'd spent enough time with her to understand the sadness behind it.

"We'll take care of you guys next." I'd keep my word on that. Taliana had only run to protect Casey. I believed that, which meant the twins were only guilty of helping Casey. I'd make sure they got home, but first I had to make sure Casey was okay.

"What's going on? Why do you need me?" I tried to engage the guy. He was slightly taller than me with light brown hair. He was dressed in what appeared to be a uniform, but it wasn't one I'd seen before.

"Gareth will tell you everything you need to know."

I nodded. There was no sense pushing him. I'd get my answers from the source soon. I just wished the boat would move faster. It would have been far more efficient to fly, but they hadn't offered me that option. I'd decided not to push my luck.

Finally, what felt like an eternity later, we arrived on the shore of the island. All I could see was a dense forest as I leapt out right behind my escort. I followed him into the woods. Normally I'd have at least considered the possibility that I was walking into a trap, but I couldn't think. The only thing I could focus on was getting to Casey. I was lucky I was even being given the chance.

We walked out into a clearing, but it was still hidden under the thick canopy of trees. The man didn't say a word as he continued over to a steep set of steps that led up to a massive stone building. I followed right behind him. He pushed open the door and walked down a narrow corridor. He pushed open another door. I peered around him and saw Casey sitting on a couch with her mother. I ran right over without a thought. "Casey!"

"You must be Toby," a man said from behind me.

I took Casey's hand in mine before turning around. "Yes. I'm Toby."

"I'm Gareth." He held out his hand, and I reluctantly dropped Casey's so I could stand up to greet him. This was his home, and he could throw me out if he wanted. I knew I could take him, but Casey's mom thought he, or at least someone here, could help Casey. I wasn't going to do anything that could mess with that.

"Nice to meet you. How's Casey?"

"I hear you're attached to my daughter?"

His daughter? I turned to look at Casey for help. Did he think she was Vera or something?

"I know everything." He figured out my train of thought. "I still claim her as my daughter. Her mother is my mate and there was nothing consensual about that conception."

Not consensual? Had Robert raped her?

"It's all really complicated, Toby. It was more like magic affecting both of them. I really don't think Robert knew anything." Casey put that thought to rest. I knew Robert was capable of a lot, but I hated to imagine the former king had been that despicable.

"As interested as I am in hearing all of this, my main concern is for Casey's health. Do you know what's wrong? Did her kidnappers do something to her?"

A woman I hadn't initially noticed walked over. She looked at Gareth. "I assume I have permission to explain everything to him."

"Yes." Gareth nodded.

"Casey's mind has been infiltrated by dark magic. A force is trying to take control."

"What?" My whole body tensed. "What do you mean?"

The woman placed a hand on my arm. "Stay calm. Getting riled up isn't going to help anyone."

"Then explain. You can't tell me that kind of thing and not give me more details."

"Casey's been holding it off. Your girlfriend is very strong."

I smiled at Casey. "Don't I know it?"

"But she can't hold it off forever. She needs to fight harder."

"You can do it, Case. You can do it." I returned to Casey's side.

"We thought you might be able to help." Her mom smiled lightly. "She seems to draw a lot of strength from your presence."

"In other words I like having you around." Casey grinned. I was so relieved she still had her sense of humor. At least that hadn't disappeared.

"What do we do?" I wasn't going to waste any time.

"We have to put her into a deep sleep. She needs to do this through her subconscious."

"Into a deep sleep? You're not going to drug her." That wasn't a question. She'd been through enough already.

"We need to relax her enough."

"Get Daria." Taliana turned to Gareth. "Her touch worked on Casey instantly. She might be able to talk her down into a sleep."

Gareth looked at Taliana with surprise. "Daria? She's been banished."

"Banished?" Taliana's look of horror made it clear that she'd had no clue about the punishment. "For what crime?"

"Aiding your departure."

"What?" Taliana jumped to her feet. "It wasn't their fault. I forced them." I now knew where Casey got her spitfire personality from.

Gareth touched her shoulder. "We both know you didn't force them. They'd have done anything to help you."

Tears spilled down Taliana's face. "You kept them from their home."

"I'm sorry." He put his free hand on her other shoulder. "Maybe I acted rashly, but I hoped they'd give me a clue to where you went."

"But they never did." Taliana shrugged him off. "Because they didn't know."

"I'll bring them back. I'll make amends."

"Yes you will. Right now. Hopefully Daria will still be willing to help."

"She will." I felt confident speaking for her. "She will help."

The man who had escorted me turned to Gareth. "Should I return for her?"

"Bring them here," Taliana answered for him. "Bring them both here."

"Yes. Bring them here." Gareth smiled slightly. There was definitely still something between the two.

Casey leaned into my side, and I quickly put an arm around her. "How are you holding up?"

"I'm fine. Couldn't be better."

I kissed her on the cheek. "Eventually you're going to look back at this and laugh."

"You think so?"

"I know so. I mean how many times in your life will you have an excuse for the voices in your head."

"It's not funny now."

"No. Not at all."

We waited in silence for a while. Gareth and Taliana stood watching us, while Casey and I remained seated. The woman, who I assumed was a healer, had disappeared. I hoped she wasn't getting some sort of drug. As much as I didn't like magic, or anything like that, I preferred the Nymph natural magic to anything else. At least it was coming from someone good. My gut instinct was that Daria was a good person. Even her brother, as grumpy as he could be, still seemed genuinely caring. Hopefully we'd be able to take care of whatever was going on with Casey quickly.

"Let me at her." Daria bounded into the room and ran right up to where we were on the couch. "I heard you need me."

The other woman returned. "We need to put her into a deep sleep. She needs to fight off an external dark force."

"Should we put Toby into one too?" Maddock asked.

"Uh, what?" That was the first I'd heard of that idea.

"Oh. Good idea. Maybe he could help her through it," Daria replied excitedly. "They have a strong connection, so I bet it could work."

"Why would you need to put Toby to sleep?" Casey asked. "No one hurt him."

Daria kneeled down to get to Casey's height. "Do you trust Toby?"

She nodded.

"Do you truly and wholeheartedly trust him?"

My chest clenched. Did she? Did she actually?

"Of course I do."

"It's important that you're honest. This is only going to work if you trust him."

"I trust him." She looked right at me. "I trust him completely."

"Good." Daria stood up. "We need to move these two couches together so they can lie down."

Gareth and I grabbed the second couch at the same time. I stepped back and let him do it. No reason to step on his desire to help.

"There's only one problem with this." I hated to bring up any difference between Casey and me, but I had too. "Casey's mind can be influenced since she's half bear, but mine can't."

"We know." Daria appeared unconcerned. "You aren't going to let me influence your mind, you are going to make the choice to follow Casey into her subconscious. If you are the one choosing to do it, everything will work."

"Have you done this before?" The woman asked Daria. "Are you sure it's safe? There's powerful magic at play. By allowing himself to be part of this isn't he opening himself up to being harmed?"

"I don't care." I brushed off her concern immediately. "I will do whatever you think will help Casey. I'd rather she not have to do this alone."

Taliana smiled. "I knew I had a good feeling about you."

"You know I'm going to make this up to you." Casey tugged on my hand.

I smiled. "Make it up to me by being okay. That's all I'm asking."

"I can do better than that."

Gareth cleared his throat. "Do you really want to say such things with your father in the room?"

Casey shot me a look. I think all this father talk was beginning to mess with her. "I'm just kidding."

"Ok, good."

I lay down next to Casey, trying to stay off the crack between the two couches but wanting to stay close. I couldn't really believe we were about to willingly put ourselves into some deep sleep. Then again I knew I'd do anything to help Casey so it shouldn't have come as a surprise.

I wrapped my hand around Casey's. "I'll be with you."

"I know you will be." She squeezed my hand back. "But, Toby?"

"Yes?" I turned my head to look at her.

"No judging me on anything you see. I mean letting you inside my head is a little nerve wracking."

"You mean you don't tell me everything?" I joked.

"I tell you most."

"No judgments at all. Zero."

"Good."

"When you're ready, you both need to close your eyes," Daria said from above us. "But take your time. This all needs to be at a natural pace."

"Natural pace?" Casey asked. "Is there anything natural about what's happening?"

"Actually, yes. My magic comes from a very natural place. My tree. I promise this isn't like any magic you've experienced before."

"And Toby will be okay?" Casey sounded panicked for me.

"I'll be fine. Don't worry about me."

"Just stay focused on the goal," Daria explained. "Everything else will fall into place."

"And the goal is to get the magic out of my head?" Casey asked.

Everyone laughed.

She sat up slightly. "What? It's a reasonable question. I just want to double check."

"That's the goal," Daria touched Casey's arm. "Just lie down."

"Okay, let's try this again." Casey rested her head back.

I waited until Casey had closed her eyes before closing mine. I held her hand securely in mine. I wasn't sure what I was supposed to be doing, but I hoped it came naturally. Daria had seemed confident of it.

Chapter Eighteen

Casey

Daria's touch was feather light on my forehead, but I immediately felt the effects of it. I was overcome with a strong calming sensation, my body relaxed, and the pounding headache that had been mounting began to disappear.

I focused on the comfort, and the only other sensation I was aware of was Toby's hand wrapped around mine. His touch was strong and grounding. It provided a tranquility of its own.

Things were foggy for a few minutes, like the feeling you have after waking up suddenly from a dream. I just let the fog set in, trying to save my energy for when I really needed it. Then slowly the fog started to dissipate, and I was no longer on the couch, I was standing in the middle of a city street.

I looked all around me, trying to get my bearings, but nothing looked familiar. I started to panic. Where was I? Why was I all alone?

"I'm here." Toby's voice calmed me immediately.

I glanced around for him. "Toby? Where are you?"

"I'm here," he repeated.

"Where's here?"

"I'm here."

Each time he said the two words they sounded exactly the same. No louder, no softer. "Toby?"

"I'm here."

I walked down the street. "Where are you? Show me where you are."

"I'm here."

His voice sounded like it was behind me, so I turned around again. "Toby?"

"I'm here."

I started running. Where was he?

"I'm here."

I ran faster. I needed to find him. That was what I was supposed to be doing, right? The goal was to find Toby?

Wait. No. It wasn't. I stopped running. "I'm supposed to push the magic out."

"I'm here." Toby's voice came from right next to me.

I looked down and found the old teddy bear I used to sleep with as a kid. I picked it up.

"I'm here."

"What?" I spoke out loud. It hadn't been Toby, it had been a toy? I needed to stay focused. This wasn't about Toby; it was about the dark magic.

I spun around, trying to figure out what direction to go. I still held the bear, not sure what to do.

"Hello?" a small voice said.

I glanced around, half expecting to find another toy, but it was a little girl. It was me I realized with frightening certainty. I was looking at myself as a kid. I stumbled back.

"Can I have my teddy bear back? I can't sleep without it." The girl walked toward me.

I held out the bear. "Here, take it."

I was so hot, and sweat started to pour down my face. "Mommy told me that bears will protect me. She said I had an inner bear. Do you like bears?"

I shook my head, not sure what to say to make this vision disappear. It had to be a vision. It couldn't be real. Find the magic I reminded myself. "Take the bear. Be careful." I handed the bear off and started down the street. I glanced over my shoulder, and the girl and the bear were gone.

I kept walking in the same direction, not sure what else to do. Where was this magic? Where could I find it?

"You're not innocent," a male voice said from right behind me.

I whirled around coming face to face with Finn. I said nothing, not as angry at him as I should have been. Hadn't he hurt me? But then another memory surfaced, a more recent one. "You helped me."

"You're not innocent. Once you accept that you'll find your strength."

"What do you mean? Innocent how?"

"In everything. You're not always the victim. You can't always play the victim."

"I don't play the victim." The anger was back full force. "But you used me."

"I didn't use you. I had to leave you."

"Why?"

"Does the why matter?"

"Yes."

He shook his head. "No. You love someone else."

"I gave myself to you."

"Physically, yes, but is that what's important right now? Is this what you're supposed to be doing?"

"No. Leave me alone."

"I will." He turned and disappeared into thin air.

I buried my face in my hands. I was losing it entirely.

I moved my hands away, and I was no longer on the street. I was in the woods. It was so dark, dark the way it used to be before I transformed for the first time. Why was my night vision gone? Was I no longer a Pteron?

"You think you're really a Laurent?" A voice called from above me.

I squinted up to look just as a man jumped down from a tree.

"Levi?"

"Answer me. Do you think you really are?"

I hesitated. What was I supposed to say? "No. Maybe."

"A Laurent has confidence." He stepped toward me. "Show me your confidence."

"I'm trying."

"Try harder." He leaned in close. "Try harder."

"I will."

"Good." He disappeared into thin air just like Finn.

I blinked a few times. He was really gone. Find the magic. Find the magic. I needed to focus, but how? How was I supposed to focus when half-brothers were jumping from trees?

I closed my eyes tight, trying to clear my head. I waited a few seconds before opening them again. I was in Toby's apartment. I heard voices coming from down the hall.

"I've waited so long for this." Toby laughed the way he usually only did with me. Who was he talking to?

"Me too. At least she's out of the way now." My chest clenched. I knew that voice well. It couldn't be though. Toby would never be with Vera.

I was frozen in place, I couldn't move.

"Go on, go watch."

I turned around, nearly knocking into Jared. He was shirtless and bleeding in a few spots. "You might as well get it over with."

"I can't. I can't watch that."

"Why not? Maybe you can join in." He sneered.

"That's disgusting."

"Is it? Is it more disgusting than us sleeping together?"

His words hit me like a punch to the gut. "You still think that? You think it was disgusting?"

"Of course, but that's okay. We all make mistakes don't we? We make mistakes and move on. Isn't that what life's about? Moving on?"

"Just leave me alone." I couldn't worry about Jared. I was supposed to be doing something else. What was it? Oh yeah. I was supposed to be checking on Toby.

I walked down the hall.

"You're so gorgeous, perfect." He was on top of her. I couldn't see her, but I knew it was her. He was admiring my sister, calling her perfect.

"They make a good couple, don't they? A much better couple than you." Jared smirked.

"Shut up."

"Stop living in the past."

Toby turned. "What are you doing here?"

"I... I came to see you."

"Why? Why would I want you here?"

"Toby.... I thought."

"You thought what?" He didn't move off of her, he just watched me.

"I thought you loved me."

He smiled. "Oh, Casey. Casey. Why would you think that?"

Jared laughed from next to me. "She's so gullible isn't she?"

"You do love me. I know that. It's her. She's the one manipulating you."

"Me?" Vera said in a sugary sweet voice. "Would I ever do that?"

I started sweating again. "Yes. He doesn't want to be with you. You're controlling him."

"Casey?" Toby's voice came from next to me. "I've been searching for you everywhere."

"Wait..." I looked at Toby standing there clothed. I turned back to the bed. The other version of Toby was still there on top of Vera. But was it Vera? I squeezed Toby's hand. The real Toby. He had to be the real one.

"That isn't me."

I nodded. "I know."

"Do you know?" a voice asked from behind me. "Do you know which one is the real Toby?"

I turned around. "Tiffany? What are you doing here?"

"I was worried about you. I told you I'd visit."

"I'm sorry you got pulled into all of this. It's all my fault." I'd never really apologized for it. That was what I was supposed to be doing. Apologizing. There. I finally remembered.

"That's ok. It's not your fault. You're innocent in all this. You're the victim."

Finn's words flashed through my head. Hadn't he just said I wasn't the victim? "No. I'm not the victim."

"Really? Are you sure about that?"

I thought about what Levi had said. About confidence. "I am sure. I'm not a victim."

"Yes you are. You've always been the victim. Everyone in your life hid things from you."

"That's in the past." I squeezed Toby's hand. The real Toby. "Everything is in the past. Life is about moving on."

"So are you just going to move on now? Move on from watching the love of your life with your sister?"

"No. That's not Toby. I'm sure of it."

"This is Toby? You're sure." She pointed at the Toby holding my hand.

"Yes."

"Oh. Let's find out for sure." She stepped toward him and every alarm in my body went off. I moved to transform, but my wings didn't work. I looked down. I was back in the straight jacket. If I couldn't get my wings out there was nothing I could do.

There's a bear inside you. My young voice echoed through my head. The straight jacket disappeared, and I was me, but I wasn't. Everything looked different. I glanced down. I had paws. What was I? Was I a bear?

Tiffany had her hands on Toby, she was chanting something. The chanting sounded familiar. A memory of being tied down in the cave came back. A shadowy figure with a robe leaned over me chanting the same words in the same voice. Wait. Could it be possible? I closed my eyes shut and tried to remember. The fog lifted, and everything clicked. Tiffany was the boss. I lunged for her, pushing her away from Toby.

"Get off me!" She yelled. "You're not a bear! You're not a bear!"

I refused to listen. I could be whatever I needed to be. I held her down, not sure what to do. Part of me longed to tear her apart, but I couldn't. I just couldn't.

She reached up and started to strangle me. My eyes started watering, and I couldn't breathe.

"You can't do it. You're weak. You're a weak girl who can't do anything."

I needed to kill her. I needed to destroy her, but I couldn't. I was too afraid. Everything was getting dark. "I can't do this," I tried to choke out, but I couldn't speak.

"But I can." Vera stepped off the bed, but before I could focus on her long she transformed into a bear. Tiffany's hands loosened. I stepped back and looked away knowing what was coming. Vera growled, and Tiffany screamed.

Tiffany screamed again. I couldn't watch even though I knew it wasn't real. None of this could be real.

Toby squeezed my hand. "Casey?"

"I love you." Those were the only words I could muster.

"I love you, too." He led me out of the room, away from the cries. "We can go now. We can go back."

The fuzziness was back. The haze. I couldn't feel anything but Toby's hand on mine. The one sensation that seemed to continue through everything.

"Casey?" It was my mom's voice this time. I blinked a few times, finally opening my eyes. "Honey?"

I looked to my right. Toby was right there. He smiled at me.

"Did you see all that? Did you see?"

He nodded. "I was there the whole time. You just couldn't see me."

"I trusted you."

He sat up and pulled me onto his lap. "Yes, and more importantly you trusted yourself."

"That last part. Did you see what I became?"

"Yes. I was impressed with how you took care of her."

"But I didn't. I made Vera do it."

"It was all you, Case. It was all your mind. Vera wasn't there anymore than Levi, Finn, or Jared. That was just another vision."

"Oh..." I looked at Mom again. "Oh. Wait. Tiffany. I know who the boss is. It's Tiffany." That realization was a hard one to swallow. She'd tricked me. She'd tricked all of us.

"We know." Gareth said from next to me.

"What?" I asked with confusion.

"Jared told us." Hailey appeared next to my mom. "He sent us here. He's on the way to help Levi and Allie."

"What?" I was still so confused. "And who's we?"

"Hey, Bates." Eric moved next to Hailey and grinned. "It's always nice to see you."

"When did they get here?"

"About an hour ago," Mom said calmly.

"An hour?" Toby asked. "Were we out that long?"

"You were out for over three hours," the healer explained.

"Oh." I wasn't sure what to think.

"Do you think you could do what you did in real life?" Toby asked quietly.

I knew exactly what he was asking. Could I take bear form? "I don't know."

"Would you want to?"

"Yes." I'd liked being a bear. It hadn't come quite as naturally as my wing transformation, but it was a sensation I enjoyed. There was a different type of strength and instinct associated, one that only came when you became an animal completely.

"Then you should try it."

"Not now."

"Yeah, I think we've got enough on our plate." He ran his hands through my hair. "How are you feeling?"

"Normal, or as normal as I've ever felt."

He laughed. "Good."

"Do you feel any more of that magic?" Mom asked the healer.

"No." The healer looked into my eyes. "But we should watch her carefully just in case."

"Then I think it's time for the ceremony," Gareth leaned over us. "Do you feel up for it?"

"I don't know what the ceremony is, but I am feeling better."

"I'll have your mother explain everything to you while you get dressed."

"Dressed?" I looked down at my jeans and t-shirt. "I need to change?"

"Yes." Gareth smiled. "We all do."

Chapter Nineteen

Vera

Offering to go with Jared to find the king and queen was probably a mistake. I don't know exactly what I was thinking, or if I was thinking at all. It just seemed like the right thing to do at the time. Jared needed the help of a bear whether he knew it or not, and I wanted to be the bear to help. That was the root of the problem. I wanted to be that bear not only because I was strong, but because I wanted more time around Jared. That desire was dangerous.

I got dressed, getting increasingly tired of wearing the same clothes more than once. Luckily I'd slipped into a new cami and shorts by the cave, but I had a feeling I'd be wearing this set for a few days. I'd learned to go without a bra pretty quickly after joining the Urusus. It was hard enough keeping underwear lying around. I'd learned a cami could go a long way.

"Are you done playing around with me?" Jared called from a seat toward the front of the plane.

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"We're all aware you're gorgeous. You don't have to throw it in my face."

"Like I said, I have no idea what you're talking about." I tied my wet hair up into a ponytail and sat down next to him.

"You're a piece of work."

"I suppose that's better than being a piece of ass."

He groaned. "Let's just stop the games for a few minutes. We've got work to do."

I grinned. "All right, what's the plan?"

"The plan is to get to the island and make sure Allie and Levi are okay." He gritted his teeth. "And if you say another word about me wanting Allie I'm leaving you on the deserted island."

"You know I only did that to make you mad." I crossed my legs. "I realize you aren't that much of a shmuck, or at least I hope you're not."

"How'd you know it would work?" He watched me.

"Because I can tell Levi is important to you. He's like a brother."

"Observant. He's more like a brother than my actual brother is."

"That sucks."

He shrugged. "Not really. I mean it sucks that my brother turned into a traitorous idiot, but it was his choice. No one made him do it."

"Are you sure?" I decided to take the chance of pressing him. "I mean how do you know he made the choice? Or more likely that he didn't regret the choice once he made it?"

"You're talking about yourself again." He pivoted so he could look at me better. "You're talking about your own choices."

"No. I'm talking about your brother."

"Do you regret your decision to leave home? To leave Casey?"

"Did you have to leave that last part in? The extra jab?"

"It's the only real part. It's all about Casey. All your guilt, all your regrets."

"I guess we have that in common."

"Regrets and guilt over Casey?" He leaned back against the seat. "I guess we do."

"How many people are we meeting? Just Owen?"

"He's the only other one meeting us on the island. We have a whole team ready to move in on our signal though if it turns out we need it."

"Why not go in with an all-out attack? Bring everyone?"

"Because if Tiffany was lying, and they're safe and enjoying their honeymoon, bringing in an all-out attack probably wouldn't go over well."

I laughed. "If that's the case, none of this will go over well."

"True, but I'm hoping that's the case. I'd prefer him being pissed at me rather than him being dead." He looked off.

"Let's hope Tiffany was just running her mouth. They may be fine."

"I wish I could believe that."

"You've got a bad feeling?"

He nodded. "Yes, and Hailey had one too."

"But it's not like it was a random feeling. You both knew that things were crazy. The wedding party was attacked."

"That just makes it more likely that we're right."

"It also makes it more likely that you'd have the bad feeling. It's not the out of the blue gut feelings that always turn out to be right."

"Do you get those a lot?"

"The gut feelings?" I nodded. "Way too often. I got one before the boss showed up. Murphy kept saying they wanted to help Casey, but I knew they didn't."

"She's fine."

"You don't know that."

"Not any more than you know Levi and Allie are okay."

"I never said I knew they were ok, I just said they might be."

"Let's stop while we're ahead. There's no reason to stress each other out more."

"You're nothing like I expected you to be." I suppressed a yawn. He probably wouldn't have taken having someone yawn in his face particularly well.

"You mean because I'm not a good enough kisser for you?"

I laughed. It was a natural kind of laugh I'd missed having. "No, because you have a brain and heart."

"And those two things didn't come across when you first met me?"

"When we first met all I knew was that you were elitist and that you hurt my baby sister."

"No more bringing that up."

"Whatever. I'm just saying you've surprised me."

"You've surprised me too."

"Oh?"

"In one of the same ways." His eyes twinkled with amusement, and I wondered what he was thinking about.

"Which one?"

"The heart part." He stretched, accentuating the muscular chest hidden beneath his fitted t-shirt.

"Does that mean you don't think I have a brain?"

"I didn't doubt that when I first met you. That came across right away."

"I came across as smart, yet heartless. Interesting."

"Well, I came across as stupid and heartless. Even better."

"I thought you were attractive." I let my eyes scan his body again. "You had the looks going for you."

"Well, that's something." He smiled slightly. "I'm going to go talk to the pilot. Try not to get yourself into too much trouble."

"I'll try."

He walked off, leaving me by myself. I sat there staring out the window wondering how I'd ever gotten myself into the position I was in.

"You should buckle up. We're getting ready to land."

I turned away from the window and looked up at him. "Aren't you going to sit?"

"I don't have to."

"Then why do I?"

"Because I'm a Pteron."

"And I'm a bear."

"Fine. I'll sit." He sat down next to me. "And just to make you happy, I'll buckle."

"How would that make me happy?"

He reached over and buckled my seatbelt for me.

"Uh, did you just buckle me in?"

"I told you to do it, and you weren't moving."

I could already feel the slow descent, and I knew we'd be down on the ground before we knew it. "Who knew you were such a softy?"

"A softy?"

"That you care so much. I guess you're trying to show me how wrong I was about you not having a heart."

"No, I just want to avoid any injuries. I can't afford to have you slow me down."

"Yeah, that's it." I smiled.

The landing was bumpy, and I was glad Jared had insisted on the seatbelt. Without it I would have undoubtedly been thrown from my seat. Even with it on I held onto my armrest for dear life. We were jostled as the landing gear made contact with the ground. From the looks of it, we weren't landing on any sort of runway. I hoped they had good insurance for plane repair.

Once the plane came to a complete stop, Jared unbuckled and stood up.

After a few moments my heartbeat returned to normal. "What, you're not going to unbuckle me?"

He leaned over and carefully unbuckled my seatbelt. "I didn't realize you needed my help."

"I didn't say I needed it. I just wanted it."

He shook his head. "You're worse than me."

"I don't know what you're talking about." I followed him off the plane. We'd only made it a few feet away before the plane started moving again.

"Stay close," he called over his shoulder as he walked off the grassy area that functioned as a runway and onto the sand.

I listened. I didn't feel like getting squashed by the plane as it made use of the makeshift runway again.

"Owen's supposed to meet us here. I'm surprised he's not here yet."

Jared pulled out his phone. "No signal. Wonderful."

"What did you expect? We're on a deserted island in the middle of the Pacific."

"Well, we aren't all that far from Guam."

"Far enough that you're not going to get cell reception."

He shoved his phone back in his pocket. "I guess we'll just wait a few minutes then."

I walked down the beach and looked out at the water. "If things weren't so insane I'd love to go for a swim."

"I bet you don't have any issues skinny dipping."

"And you do?" I turned, not surprised to find him right behind me.

"No, but most girls are weird about it."

"And I'm not most girls. You're not used to shifters. I know you Pterons like your humans and all, but you'd think you'd at least be used to the girls in your family."

"There aren't many female Pterons now a days."

"There aren't that many female bears either. I've never understood that."

"It's just something with the genetics I guess. I don't know."

"Next time give me the right coordinates, jack ass," someone shouted.

I whirled around, watching another Pteron approach. This one had blonde hair and a scowl on his face. I assumed this was Owen.

"Oh, hi." He looked panicked. "I forgot Jared wasn't alone."

Jared laughed. "Way to make a good impression."

"The impression was fine. I'm just glad you're here. We were getting tired of waiting." Sometimes the best way to get rid of tension is to make some of your own. "Are we ready to get going?"

"This is Casey's sister?" Owen asked.

"Yes, can't you see the resemblance?"

"In looks yeah, but that's where it ends."

"Are you trying to say I'm bitchier than Casey?" I put a hand on my hip.

"I don't know her well, but she always seemed quiet and sweet."

"Good. I'm glad she hasn't been corrupted." Sweet and quiet were definitely not words someone could use to describe me, but they weren't bad ones. Although from the little I saw of Casey, she was stronger than I think anyone gave her credit for.

"I see why she's got your attention." Owen kept talking like I wasn't there. That wasn't going to fly.

"If you're going to talk about me, at least have the decency to look at me."

"Oh, sorry." Owen looked legitimately sorry. "I'm just used to giving this guy a hard time."

"So am I." I held out a hand. "I'm Vera, and I guess we have something in common."

"I'm Owen, and it's nice to meet you."

"You never slept with my sister, did you?"

"No." He shook his head then suddenly stopped. "Not because there's anything wrong with that, but..."

"Save your breath. I was just checking whether you should be on my bad list too."

"Am I still on your bad list?" Jared moved closer.

"No. You saved her so that cancelled it out."

"Funny how you're still treating me like crap."

"So kissing you is treating you like crap?"

"Kissing?" Owen laughed. "I thought there was nothing going on, Jared."

"Shut up, both of you," Jared grumbled.

"Gladly, but let's get moving. I'm tired of wasting time." I bit back a smile. These guys were both fun to rile up. If all Pterons were like this I'd have to make sure I spent more time with them. Well, all of them but Jared. He was way too dangerous for me to be around.

"She's right. Let's quit wasting time." Jared pulled off his shirt and tossed it. "You ready?"

I wasn't sure who he was talking to, but I answered anyway. "Absolutely."

I waited impatiently for him to wrap his arms around me.

"You're really excited for this, aren't you?" He whispered in my ear.

"What? Is this when I'm supposed to say yeah, I'm dying for it?" I said in my seductive voice.

He laughed. "You're actually fun."

"You say that like it's a surprise or something."

"It is. I just don't know if it's a good surprise or a bad one."

"It's good. Trust me on that."

"If you say so." He wrapped his arms around my waist, and we took off.

My stomach lurched as my feet left the ground, but I gradually adjusted to the sensation. I fought the wind to keep my eyes wide open. It was going to be a short flight, and I didn't want to miss a minute of it. I'd always been an adrenalin junkie, but this was something else entirely. Not for the first time in my life, I was unbelievably jealous of Casey.

Chapter Twenty

Toby

I had no idea what kind of ceremony Gareth was talking about, but I didn't actually care. Casey was back to normal. I could see it in her color and the way her eyes shone. But really she was better than normal. She seemed even stronger, and I knew the strength was real. No matter how many things she accomplished, she always found a way to downplay her abilities. For the first time she seemed to be seeing herself for who she really was. She finally understood her strength.

Being inside Casey's head was strange. I felt like I was doing something wrong, witnessing thoughts and fears I was never supposed to see, but it was also enlightening. Casey was even more amazing than I already knew. At her core Casey was such a good person. She wanted to do what was right even if it meant hurting herself. She also trusted me. I finally had my proof of that.

"Toby?" Gareth called my name, pulling me from my thoughts. I was waiting out on the top of the steps to the house for Casey to finish getting ready inside.

"Yes?" I wasn't exactly sure how I was supposed to address or deal with this man. He was clearly a respected leader, but he was a bear and in that way I was technically his superior. I decided to focus on the age difference to keep my behavior in line with what he expected.

"I haven't had a chance to talk to you yet."

I prepared myself for whatever his agenda was. There had to be a reason he wanted to see me alone. "I didn't realize you wanted to talk."

"Come for a walk with me." He gestured for me to start down the stairs.

"Sure." There didn't seem to be much harm in it. He was the one who let me on the island to stay closer to Casey in the first place.

As soon as we reached the ground he started with questions. "What are your intentions?"

"My intentions?"

"Yes. What do you intend to do with my daughter?"

Daughter. He was really sticking with that? "I intend to spend my life with her." I'd had no doubts before, but now my conviction was even stronger. We belonged together, and I was going to make sure that happened.

He smiled. "I thought so."

"We're in love, now I just have to convince her that a long term commitment isn't a bad thing."

"She knows it."

"What makes you say that?" This guy had just met Casey. He couldn't know something I didn't know.

"Because of her reaction when you walked into the room."

"That told you she was ready for commitment?"

"Yes. Her whole being changed. She wanted you with her. It wasn't just a smile. It was more than that. That's how you know when a woman has chosen her mate."

"A woman has chosen her mate?" From what I'd seen it was always the man choosing.

"Yes. Although to keep with tradition it is the father who must give the blessing, in our clan it's the woman who gets the final decision on who she mates with." He smiled. "Just like with all relationships, right? It's always about the woman's mind."

I smiled. "That's a good point."

"From what I understand you are from a high ranking Pteron family?"

I nodded. "Yes. I am the new patriarch of the Blackwells."

He nodded appreciatively. "That's a lot to offer a woman's family. It could be quite the alliance."

"Alliance?" I wasn't planning on going down that road.

"Yes. Casey is my daughter. Being such you'd need to discuss the alliance with me."

"Not to bring up old wounds, or not so old ones, but Casey is also Robert's daughter."

"Yes.... And if it's easier for you then consider this an alliance with Casey's mother's family. She is my mate after all."

"What kind of alliance were you looking for?" I wondered what it was he wanted. He had to have an agenda. Everyone has an agenda.

He brushed my questions aside. "We can discuss the details later."

"What kind of ceremony is this going to be?"

"The official Clan Rights Ceremony. We're welcoming Casey home."

"Oh. That's not bad."

"No, although I should warn you, I'll have to follow tradition."

The fact that he was warning me couldn't be a good thing. "And what kind of tradition are we talking?"

"Any of my men can petition her to be her mate."

What? He couldn't be serious. I guess the Mr. Nice guy act was over. "Yeah, that's not happening."

He laughed. "She's already chosen you, Toby. But that doesn't mean the men can't petition. Unless you are worried about her changing her mind, it will be over quick."

"Did anyone warn her about this? I can't imagine she's going to love that kind of attention." Casey didn't enjoy being the center of attention at all.

"I'm sure her mother is preparing her."

"You love Taliana." I said it as a statement. I was just hoping for some more insight. They'd already explained more of what had happened with Robert. Although I was still desperate to better understand Tiffany's motive. Hailey said Jared hadn't explained much. I guess we'd have to wait to see him to get more answers.

"I've always loved her. I knew I wanted her as my mate from a very young age. Unlike with everyone else, the clan leader can claim a mate. I crossed my fingers I wouldn't have to. And I didn't. She willingly accepted my proposal."

"It must have been hard when she left." I couldn't imagine, especially since she also took his daughter.

"It nearly broke me, but I knew in my heart she still loved me. I knew there had to be a reason, and now she has returned."

"And you've gotten another daughter out of the deal."

He laughed. "Indeed. I can't wait to see Astrella, or Vera as she's called now. I wonder if she remembers me at all."

I didn't know what to say, so I said nothing.

"I understand none of this has been easy for her either. I hope I can help some."

"I'm sure she'll appreciate having some answers. Sometimes not knowing is the hardest part."

"Wise words." Gareth nodded. "What do you say we check on the women?"

"Sounds perfect." I followed him back up the stairs.

***

Casey was dressed in a pale blue gown when I walked into the sitting area of Gareth's house. It was the same room where we entered Casey's subconscious. I had no clue what anyone else was wearing, because she was the only one I even noticed. I walked right over. "I love when you wear blue."

"And that has nothing to do with it being your family color, does it?" She raised an eyebrow.

"Maybe a little bit, but really it just looks good on you."

"Don't all colors look good on her?" Hailey decided to stir up trouble. I was beginning to see that she was really good at that.

"Of course, but blue brings out her eyes."

"Oh, I see." Hailey grinned. "Are you guys ready for the fun to start?"

"Of course," I linked my arm with Casey before turning to Hailey. "Want my other arm, or is Eric coming?"

"I'm here." Eric jogged into the room. I wondered what he'd been doing. He shot me a look that told me not to ask yet. That wasn't good. That meant it was more likely trouble rather than him taking a long time to get ready.

"Gareth said to head over when you guys were ready. Did your mom already go?" I asked.

"Yeah. She seemed to be in a rush." Casey leaned into me slightly. It was nice knowing she was doing it because she wanted to this time and not because she needed to. "Did Gareth say anything else to you?"

I considered how much to say. Keeping stuff from Casey was never a good idea, but I figured I could just stick to what was most important. "He said some guys might petition to be your mate."

She grimaced. "Yeah, my mom warned me about that. I'm obviously not thrilled, but I assure you I won't have to debate my answer."

"Good, because I'd fight to the death for you."

"You won't have to."

"But I would."

"Ok, sappy alert." Hailey rolled her eyes.

"I'm allowed to be sappy today. I've been through a lot." Casey kissed my cheek.

"Okay, I'll let you off the hook just this time." Hailey smiled.

***

The ceremony was held outside in the space between the buildings. Strings of white lights were strung up through the trees creating an almost intimate feel despite the large numbers of people packed into the area. Someone was playing a guitar, but it was acoustic, and you could barely hear it over the chatter of the crowd.

Casey, Hailey, Eric, and I hung out together, but pretty much every male under the age of forty who didn't have a woman with him was staring at Casey like she was meat. I sincerely hoped they didn't all plan to petition her. That would make for a long night, and we didn't have the time. We needed to get to New Orleans. Georgina was waiting for us, and we were all nervous about what was happening half-way across the world. Neither Jared nor Owen were picking up their phones, and as far as we knew Vera didn't have one. Casey and Hailey were acting cool about things, but I could tell they were on edge. I was too, but I did my best to hide it. I still hadn't had a chance to talk to Eric alone, but I assumed if it was really important he'd make sure it happened.

"Welcome everyone." Gareth's booming voice had everyone's attention-including mine.

Cheering ensued until he started talking again. "Tonight is a wonderful night. It's a night full of good news and celebration."

I waited for more cheering, but there was none. It's like everyone knew when it was appropriate to cheer and when it wasn't.

"My mate, Taliana, has returned."

The sounds that followed weren't cheers, it was more like howling. Casey grabbed my hand, and I happily cradled hers in mine. It was all a little bit crazy, even by paranormal standards.

"Quiet." One word out of Gareth had everyone silent. "Taliana did not return alone. She also brought home one of my daughters. I thought I only had one, but I have two."

The yell-howls commenced again. This time we were ready for them. Hailey was grinning. I think she was getting a kick out of the whole thing.

"Both of my daughters of are of age and are not yet mated. As with tradition, anyone who would like to petition to be my daughter's mate may do so, but the decision is hers and not mine to make." He gestured to Casey. "Would you join me?"

Casey gave me a half smile before walking over to Gareth. She looked petrified.

"Yeah, Casey!" Hailey yelled. That had Casey laughing and relaxed.

"Go, Bates!" Eric yelled.

I figured it was my turn. "Make us all proud, baby!"

That comment got Gareth glaring at me. Oh well.

"Would anyone like to petition?"

A series of growls filled the night. I guess that was one way of showing interest. A crowd of men swarmed the area in front of Casey. Her face paled. Her nerves were back.

Gareth looked at Casey before whispering in her ear. She nodded.

"Because of the sheer number of interested men, Casey has asked me to screen you first. I will speak to each of you, and present her with the five most eligible."

Five most eligible? Was this the bachelorette or something? I started to laugh but then saw Casey's face and wiped it right off. She wasn't enjoying herself at all. I wasn't either, but at least I wasn't the one being discussed by everyone.

Casey's mom whispered something to her, and she smiled. She gave her mom a hug and walked over to me. "My mom says this could take a while and suggested we get out of here."

"Really? Your mom is pretty cool."

"She is, and I think she gets it."

"Gets us?" I rested my hands on her waist.

"Yeah. She understands that this is all pretty silly. Gareth wanting to claim me as his daughter, whatever, been there done that."

I laughed.

"But letting men petition to be my mate when I already know who I want?" She leaned in. "That's a bit extreme."

"So what should we do then?' I was itching to get her alone, but I wanted her to be the one to suggest it.

"Mom suggested we walk down to the cove."

"Sounds good to me." I moved my hands from her waist, and instead took her hand in mine. There was so much going on, but for just one night I was ready to pretend things were calm.

"Have you seen Hailey?" She glanced around the crowd. "I'd feel bad ditching her."

I would too, but not bad enough to give up my alone time with Casey. "Oh, I think she's busy." I smiled. She was surrounded by bears and by the way they were laughing she was clearly telling them a story.

Casey followed my gaze. "She's literally the opposite of me."

"Why? Because she's so outgoing?"

"Outgoing, social, fearless."

"Hey, you're pretty fearless yourself."

"You think so?"

"I know so."

"I assume Eric can take care of himself." She bent down to fix her shoe. I'm sure she was ready to get out of the heels. Casey was definitely not the kind of girl who was into dressing up. I didn't care because generally I was more concerned with getting her undressed. Besides, she looked gorgeous in everything and anything she wore.

"Yeah, I wouldn't worry about him. My guess is he feels right at home."

"Right, because you feel right at home around different groups of Pterons." She raised an eyebrow.

I laughed. "Ok, good point, but I bet he's fine." I did want to talk to him, but he'd made himself scarce. He'd find me if he really needed to talk.

She practically skipped as we moved down the dark path away from the buildings. She was lighter and freer than she'd been in ages, and I never wanted it to end. She needed to look and feel that way every day.

"Toby!" Eric's loud voice had us both stopping in our tracks.

I turned around. "Yeah?"

"We need to talk."

"You better not mean without me." Casey put a hand on her hip.

"I want you to be here too."

Casey relaxed. "Okay, say it."

"We need to get Casey out of here." He shifted his weight from foot to foot.

"Why?" I asked immediately. "Have you heard something?"

He leaned in close to us. "Yes. There are Ursus and wolves on the way."

"On their way here?" Casey's voice went up real high the way it always did when she was nervous.

Eric nodded. "Like I said, we have to get you out of here. It makes sense that it's Tiffany behind it. She has to know she's not in control, right? I mean wouldn't she sense it or something?"

"I was thinking the same thing, but I didn't want to worry about it yet. Obviously I was wrong." I figured it was time to come clean.

"Me too." Casey looked down at the ground. "I just didn't..." she trailed off as we noticed Gareth walking toward us on the path.

"I couldn't help but overhear your conversation."

Couldn't help it? He'd followed us into the woods.

"What do you think?" Casey was much more polite than I would have been. It was pretty creepy that he had followed us.

He seemed to think it over for a minute. "If Eric's intel is to be trusted, and I assume it is." He stared long and hard at Eric. "Then the only choice is to prepare a strong defense. This island is a fortress if it needs to be."

"We can't wait it out. We need to get Casey out of here."

"Why?" Gareth set his gaze on me. "She'll be as safe here as she'd be anywhere else."

I shook my head. "There's no place safer than The Society base in New Orleans. We need to get her there."

"I don't disagree that the base is safe, but what about on the way there? I know you are strong." He looked between Eric and I. "Both of you, but that witch is strong too. We need to get this over with. We need to get rid of her. She's angry. She's going to be like a cornered animal, and there's no way to predict her movements. She may be staging this attack just to lure Casey out."

"I still don't want to risk staying. We need to leave before Tiffany gets here."

"You think she wants to get into my head again?" Casey asked nervously.

"Maybe, or maybe she'd kill you this time. Either way I can't imagine she'd drop everything. Whatever her reasons are for this, she's not going to go down without a fight."

"Do you think she's the same witch that hurt Mom?" Casey asked softly. "That she's older than she looks?"

Gareth shrugged. "I do not know, but I do believe they are connected. Whoever used magic on your mom wanted you to be conceived. It is not surprising that she wants to use you now."

"I don't want anyone else to get hurt protecting me."

Gareth closed the distance between us. "They will not only be protecting you, they will be protecting The Society. There is much at stake."

"So what about the petitioning?" Eric asked.

I wanted to punch him.

Gareth smiled. "I think the men can wait. Besides, if she chooses her own mate before that, it might save us all time."

"I'll choose my own mate, but you made it sound pretty much required." Casey looked anywhere but at Gareth.

"I can see how uncomfortable it made you. Your comfort and security come first."

Casey glanced up at him. "Thanks. For once it's nice to hear about the importance of my security."

"It will always be important to me."

Chapter Twenty-One

Jared

The silence didn't mean anything. If Levi and Allie were safe the island would be just as silent as it would be if they were hurt. Still, the silence that met us when we landed had me panicked. I'd been ready for battle; I wasn't sure how to deal with the empty, quiet beach.

"Do we want to split up and search the island, or go right over to where they're staying?" Vera was being practical. That was a nice change to her taunting. She was taking the situation seriously which I appreciated.

I did a brief survey of the beach. "We stay together. We have no idea who's here, and if things are fine, Levi is going to freak if he sees someone he doesn't know."

"He's also going to freak if he sees someone he does know." Owen laughed.

"Get serious."

He scowled. "I am serious."

"Okay, pissing contest over." Vera stood up from where she'd been crouching. "Let's get this mission over with."

"Mission?" I raised an eyebrow. "Is that what you're calling this?"

"What else would you call it?" She tightened the tie of her ponytail. "An outing?"

There was something so no nonsense about Vera that I liked. She didn't beat around the bush, and at least most of the time she was a straight shooter. Those traits were rarer than you'd think.

"We need to stay low and quiet."

"Are we doing those things in case of enemies or because you're afraid of Levi catching you snooping?" Vera grinned.

Without thinking I returned her smile. "Both."

We moved across the beach quickly without meeting anyone. I really hoped my biggest problem would be dealing with a pissed off Levi. He'd forgive me eventually. I could always blame it on Hailey, push it off on her bad feeling. I smiled to myself picturing her response when she found out I blamed her. She'd yell and scream until she realized it was really a joke. I didn't make my decisions based on someone else, and certainly not based on their 'feelings'. Just thinking about it made me feel dumb for confessing my fears to Vera.

"Fuck." This time it was Owen using my new favorite word.

I followed his gaze. All I saw was the burnt remains of a house. "Owen, stay here with Vera."

"No, I'm coming." Vera's protest sounded far away as I ran the rest of the way across the beach to what used to be a cottage. There was only one house on the island. Levi had seen to that himself.

I dug through the charred remains of the building. There was another explanation. There is no way Levi and Allie could have possibly been there when it burned. Levi would have saved Allie no matter what. His senses were strong. He would have seen the enemy coming. Unless he didn't. Unless he was so wrapped up in his new wife that he couldn't.

"They got out first." Owen spoke so nonchalantly. "There's no way Levi didn't."

"You're right." I agreed, I couldn't even voice my doubts out loud. To do so would be admitting a lack of faith in Levi's strength. He was king. He was stronger than anyone.

"Give me two minutes." Vera called out. I turned around in time to watch her toss her clothes and transform into a bear. There was something graceful about the way she transformed. I'd never viewed shifting that way before, especially not the shifting of a bear.

I hung back and gave her room. She hadn't spelled out what she was doing, but it became obvious as she moved through the splintered wood, burned fabric, and broken pieces. She was searching for evidence that Pterons had been there.

"Maybe she'll find a clue to who did this." Owen seemed determined to keep his rosy glasses on. I was going to knock them off.

"The only one who can distract Levi is Allie. What if he wasn't concentrating on anything else?"

Owen looked up at the sky. "Not a chance. He'd stay alert enough for her. He'd make sure they were safe."

"Then where are they? Where did they go?"

"It's Levi. They could be anywhere."

What Owen was suggesting made sense, and it was a lot easier to swallow than the thought that something had happened to them.

The hair on my neck stood up, and my wings tensed. Someone or something was around. Owen glanced at me. He'd noticed the same thing. One of us had to stay close. We needed to make sure Vera was safe. She may have been in her bear form, but that didn't mean she was invincible.

I signaled for him to wait while I began to circle the area. I didn't get far.

Loud laughter had me stuck in place. "Isn't this amusing?"

I glared at the man in front of me. Murphy. Second only to Tiffany, he was one of my least favorite people in the world.

Vera growled and came to stand next to us.

"Oh now it's even better. The little bear bitch protecting the Pteron." He sneered.

"What do you want, Murphy?" I tried to play it cool. He wanted to rile me up, and I couldn't let him. I also continued to survey the area. I highly doubted he was alone.

"What do I want? I already have half of it done."

"And what half is that?' Owen glowered at him. Owen didn't look quite as intimidating as some Pterons, but make him mad and you had another thing coming.

"Your pathetic excuse for a leader and his little bitch are dead." Murphy grinned.

I didn't even think, I lunged for him. I punched him in the face in a fit of rage, and I knocked him down on the ground before he had time to shift. At that point even if he'd wanted to he couldn't have. I'd done enough damage to make that impossible. Normally this was the point where Owen would be pulling me off him, making sure I didn't take things too far, but he didn't. I guess he agreed with the amount of force this time.

Vera however growled loudly enough to get my attention. She nudged me, and I stepped out of the way. Murphy was unconscious. If I didn't stop he'd be dead. Not that he didn't deserve it, but that wasn't me. I didn't kill for revenge. There were worse punishments than death in our world.

I didn't know what Vera was going to do, but I didn't expect her to take her paw and slash him across the face.

Owen and I just looked at each other. I'd messed the guy up, but somehow the cuts created by Vera looked even worse. Then I remembered. These two had been involved. I was never getting on her bad side.

She stalked off, and we just stood there staring at Murphy. I'm sure Owen was feeling just as messed up as I was.

"They're not dead, and there are no other Ursus here." Vera's voice had us both turning around. She was just buttoning her shorts. "If you hadn't knocked Murphy out we may have had a better idea of where they are, but honestly, I doubt he knew. He was probably hoping to rile you up enough to get answers, and he totally deserved what you did." She pointed to where his bloody body lay in the sand. "And why he thought he could take on all of us is beyond me. His ego must be even more inflated than I thought."

"I didn't see bodies, but how are you so sure?" I tried to stay calm as I discussed the possibility of Levi's death, but I couldn't.

"Allie and Levi were here, but there's no trace of remains. Trust me on this. Obviously someone might have taken them, but there's just as good a chance they got away."

"Then where are they? Do you think they'll just go back to New Orleans?" Owen voiced the same questions I had.

"Unless he took them into hiding. You keep saying how he'd do anything to protect Allie. Wouldn't that include hiding out and letting people think they're dead?" Vera said everything so simply, and she was making good points, but it wasn't as easy for me to accept. She was further removed. She didn't know Levi. But that just made it more important to listen to her. She was probably the most reasonable of all of us.

"What do you suggest we do?" I turned to Vera. If she was the most reasonable, then she was the most likely to come up with a sound plan.

"Me? You're willing to listen to me?"

"Yes." At least this once.

Owen nodded his agreement as well. He hadn't said anything since the Murphy confrontation, and if I didn't already have too much to worry about I probably would have been concerned with that.

"Let's assume I'm right. Let's assume he took Allie into hiding."

I nodded, waiting for her to continue.

"You guys know Levi really well, right?"

"Yes. Better than anyone."

"And he knows you just as well?" she continued.

"Yes, but what does that matter?"

"You said you'd listen." She put a hand on her hip.

"We're listening. Just keep going."

"If I wasn't here, would you have assumed he went into hiding?"

"Yes." Owen answered first. "Once the shock wore off that is. Levi would have found a way to protect Allie."

"Ok, so let's run with that." She paused. "Building off that, he'd have expected you two to have found this." She gestured behind her to what was the house.

"Considering I'm the only one who knew they were here, yes. That makes the most sense."

"Well, clearly you weren't the only one," she raised an eyebrow, "but you are the only ones he generally confides in."

"Just spit it out. What are you circling?"

She sighed. "Fine. Bottom line, he'd expect you to go along with his plan. You work for him. You'd do whatever he asked."

"Technically, yes."

"Then continue with his plan. Assume he knew trouble was coming and got away in time. What would he have done? What was he expecting the enemy to think?"

I thought over everything she'd said. "You're right. He would have wanted the enemy to think he was dead. He'd want them to think they'd won."

Vera nodded. "All Tiffany wants is for Casey to take over as queen, let's let her think she won this battle. It might make her sloppy. Murphy seemed to think he'd succeeded, and look at how sloppy he was."

Owen jumped in. "And she wouldn't look for him. They'd be safer wherever they are in hiding."

"Exactly." She smiled. "I knew you guys were smart enough to handle this."

"But won't they already know there aren't any bodies?" Owen asked.

Vera shook her head. "Murphy was probably in charge here. We'll just have to wake him up enough to tell the powers that be that the mission was a success, unless he contacted them already."

"Again with the mission...." I ribbed.

"Shut up. We need to be serious. Do you think you can wake him up?"

"I can try." I bent down and slapped Murphy in the face. He didn't move. I tried it again, this time shaking his body. "Okay, time for a plan B."

Owen seemed to consider it. "How do you think he was communicating with his people? Cell phones don't work, right?"

"I have an idea, but you guys might not like it." Vera flipped her hair off her shoulder in a surprisingly feminine gesture.

"What is it?"

"We send the message ourselves."

"What?" I shook my head. "No way. We can't scare everyone like that."

"It's going to be short term. We just have to get the word out there."

"We should have someone call it in to Georgina." Someone working with the boss was watching her. There was no question about that. "I'm not doing it myself. She'd probably have me killed since she hates me already."

"Fine. I'll make contact with someone. I'll also have someone come pick up that son of a bitch. I'll be back in a few minutes." Owen took off before I could even respond.

"But we're really going to be searching for them. I'm not giving up. If they're in trouble we can't just go home." I balled my hand into a fist.

"Of course we will. This is all just to buy us time. It also buys Levi time," Vera quickly reassured me.

"But all of this means lying to Casey. Even if it's indirectly, she's going to find out." I looked at Vera. "Are you okay with it?"

"This is to protect her too. We need to get Levi back and lure Tiffany out. How long would it take them to get Casey ready?"

"A few days at least. Georgina is going to want to do everything right."

"Then we have a few days to find them, and hopefully Tiffany and everyone she's working with show their face during this."

"Okay, but do you have any idea where we start our search? Did they leave any clues?"

She smiled. "I think so, although you guys are going to have to tell me yourself. Let's wait for Owen."

"Just show me."

"I'm waiting for him."

I waited impatiently for Owen to return. A few minutes later he landed. "What's going on?"

"She found something."

"What?"

"Show us," I demanded. "Don't hold anything back."

"Is that the way to treat your leader?" she teased.

"You're only in charge temporarily."

"Temporarily? Ok, I'll take that for now. Be right back." She dashed back over to the remains of the house and returned with a black suitcase. "Does this mean anything to you?"

Chapter Twenty-Two

Casey

Waiting around for Tiffany to attack us didn't sound like a particularly good idea, but I wasn't sure how much trouble I'd stir up by arguing with Gareth. Insisting I leave was essentially telling him that I didn't think he could keep me safe, and considering all his talk about welcoming me home, I didn't think that would go over well. That didn't mean I was going to sit back and do nothing though.

Gareth was a natural born leader, and that leadership extended to military endeavors. As soon as he finished talking, he'd gone to get his men ready. We started to follow Gareth when Daria and Maddock stopped us. No one said anything until Gareth disappeared back up the path.

"Let Gareth do what he does best. There are more important things for you to be doing." Maddock gave us his trademark glare.

"Ok, what could be more important than preparing to fight Tiffany?" Eric asked. I was seeing such a different side of him. It was a much less annoying side.

Maddock looked right at me. "Casey needs to leave. You all said it yourselves."

"Is Gareth going to be okay with that plan?" I asked.

"Gareth is a good leader, but he doesn't know what's best for you," Daria lowered her voice to a near whisper.

"What are you suggesting?" Toby leaned in closer to her.

"Use Gareth's plan as cover. Tiffany is going to see the preparations, and we can get you out."

"You plan to help her leave without Gareth knowing?"

"We've done it before," Maddock said flatly.

I felt a pang in my chest. Would this start their exile again? "Are you sure you want to do this?"

The twins looked at each other. "Yes," they answered in unison.

"As I said, Gareth means well, but he's underestimating Tiffany's power. She's not working with witches and Ursus alone. Who knows who she'll bring with her?"

"So what's the plan?" Hailey shifted her weight. "What, where, when, how?"

"You seem way too excited about this." Eric nudged her with his shoulder.

"Just go along with it until I give you the signal, we need to get things ready." Maddock explained.

Daria shook her head. "No. I'm giving the signal."

"Why? This was my plan."

She scowled at her brother. "Fine, but don't screw this up."

There was something enjoyable and comical about watching the twins. I still couldn't believe their real age.

"What should we do while we wait?" I asked. I wasn't very good at just standing around.

"I'm sure you can think of something." Daria winked.

"But be ready when we come for you." Maddock didn't wink, but if I wasn't imagining things, I did see a little smile.

I nodded. "We will be."

"Eric, let's go check on the preparations," Hailey said quietly.

"Why just us?"

She nudged him.

"Oh. Got it." Understanding crossed his face. "See you guys later."

They hurried off, leaving us alone again.

"You look so much better." Toby took my hand. It felt so good to be alone with him. We'd had so little of that time lately.

"Glad to know I looked really bad before."

"You know what I mean."

"I do, I just like giving you a hard time."

"Gee, thanks."

"Take it as a sign of my undying love." Teasing Toby made it so much easier to escape into a fantasy world where things were easy. Where we could just be us.

"Okay, then take this as a sign of mine." He picked me up and slung me over his shoulder.

"Where are we going?" I asked through a fit of giggles. Toby always managed to make me laugh.

"You'll just have to wait to find out." He continued down the hill.

"Aren't you going to put me down?"

"Not yet."

Finally we reached the bottom of the steep hill near the shore of the lake, and Toby set me down.

"Wow, that's beautiful." I looked out at the lake. The reflection of the moon off the water created a glow that was half eerie and half romantic.

"It is, isn't it? I guess that's why your mom suggested we check it out."

"You think they'll find us down here?"

"Yeah." He sat down on the slightly damp grass and pulled me down with him. "I don't think we'll really get alone time for a while."

"As great as alone time sounds, I really meant-"

"Whether they can find us when they're ready. I know."

"You see those fireflies?" I gestured to the tiny glowing orbs not too far from us.

"I see them." He took my hand.

"When we were little, Vera told me they were really tiny fairies, and that if you saw them they brought good luck."

He smiled. "That's pretty sweet."

"I pretended to believe her until I was ten." I laughed. "I just loved the elaborate stories she told me about them."

He pulled me into his arms. "It's like little kids pretending they believe in Santa years after they've discovered the truth."

"Yes, except I wasn't worried about the presents, I just didn't want to lose the attention she gave me."

"You'll get to see her again."

I brushed my lips against his. "I know."

"You can't just tease me like that." He moved his hand behind my neck. "It's cruel."

I smiled. "Ok, I'll make it better." I pressed my lips against his again, moving them slowly. He responded immediately, taking control. He moved into my mouth with lightning speed, taking each of my moans as encouragement to deepen the kiss. He tasted so good. I couldn't get enough.

The sound of throat clearing and laughter brought me out of my Toby haze.

I looked up guiltily. "Hey guys."

Hailey laughed. "It's time. Maddock just came and told us, I guess we weren't cool enough for his signal."

"You'd think you guys were teenagers," Eric grumbled.

"I am a teenager, just a legal one." The amount of craziness in my life was way more than that of a typical nineteen year-old though.

Toby stood up and took my hand to pull me to standing. "And we will continue that later."

"I'm holding you to that."

Chapter Twenty-Three

Vera

"Is that Levi's?" Jared yanked on my hand so he could get a better look at the suitcase I held.

"I think so." I assumed it was. I had no idea what I was doing. I was good at pretending though. As long as I had some tiny direction to go off, I was usually pretty good at winging things. I hoped that luck continued this time. I didn't want to see how angry Jared and Owen were going to get if my plan didn't work. Not to mention I did want to find the king and queen. From what I understood they'd been good to Casey, and that meant they were automatically on my good side. "I found it in the ruins. It must be one of the indestructible kinds."

Jared nodded. "Must be." He started turning the numbers on the lock. "Do you know the code, Owen?"

"Me?" Owen put a hand to his chest. "Why would he tell me and not you?"

"You are his chief advisor. You like to make everyone think he tells you everything."

"Yeah, well, you're his head of security. Shouldn't you know it?"

"There's got to be an easier way in." Jared started pulling and punching the suitcase.

"Give it to me." I pulled it away from him. I looked between the two of them and shook my head. "What was the date of their wedding? The 28th?"

"Yes, but what does that matter?" Jared asked impatiently.

"I'm in charge, remember?" I was really loving that fact. I turned the small dials until they lined up with the numbers I wanted. A tiny snap was followed by the top opening.

"Their wedding date? Seriously?" Owen asked. "How'd you know?"

"You guys go on and on about how much Levi worships Allie; it was a no brainer."

"He doesn't worship her." Jared scowled.

"Ok, how protective and in love he is."

"That's completely different."

"Does it really matter?" I put a hand on my hip. "I got the thing open." I pulled out a single sheet of paper. It had one line written on it. Went to visit my wife's only mistake.

"What does that mean?" From the way the guys described the relationship between the royal couple I was surprised he'd focus on her flaws.

Owen and Jared both laughed.

"What? What am I missing?" They were really beginning to frustrate me.

"We're going to California."

"Why?" Someone really needed to clue me in.

Jared looked pleased with himself. He was probably excited to know something I didn't know this time. "Because Allie gave away part of his kingdom to Cade. That has to be what he means."

"Gave away part of his kingdom... ok. I'm not going to ask. The bigger question is how are we getting there? That's pretty far away."

"I can fly you if you're up for it, boss." Jared smirked.

"Don't call me boss."

"Got it." His face darkened. "But we should go."

"Yes, we should. And you should thank me."

"For?"

"Opening the lock. I was the one who figured out the code. Who knows what would have happened otherwise? We would still be standing around without a plan."

"I'd have figured it out eventually," he challenged.

"Not for hours."

"She's probably right." Owen smiled. "Thanks."

"No problem. I'm glad one of you appreciates me."

"Don't get used to it. Owen's fickle."

"Fickle? Do you even know what that word means?" Owen rolled his eyes.

"I have a bigger vocabulary than you."

"Ok, this isn't happening. Arguing about who has the bigger dick, I get that. Boys do that. It's part of your DNA or something. But fighting over who knows more words? Are you guys kidding me?"

They both looked at me with embarrassment.

"Then stop it. Both of you. Let's go see this Cade person."

Finally, Jared clued me in, "He's the heir of one of the highest ranking Pteron families."

"And I care about that because?"

"You're something else." Jared shook his head.

"Yes I am. I'm better. Now get us in the air."

"Yes, Ma'am. You better hold on tight." He put his arms around me.

"No, that's your job."

"What if I let go?" He teased.

"Then you're going to be in some serious trouble when you see Casey again."

"Very good point. I won't drop you from too far up." With that he took off.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Toby

Casey was nervous. You could always tell by the way she played with her hair. The more nervous she was, the more she twirled pieces of hair around her fingers. I was surprised Casey still had the energy to move her fingers after all the twirling she'd been doing.

"We don't have to do this." I felt like I was always saying stuff like that to Casey, but it's because we were constantly being forced into uncomfortable situations that had no right or wrong answer. In theory, the twins were right. Leaving and getting to New Orleans was the goal, Casey would be safer and we'd have more answers the sooner we got there.

"We do have to. I just hate leaving my mom."

"Then why not tell her?" Hailey paced the room. That was probably her equivalent of the Casey hair twirl.

"What if she tried to stop us?" Casey asked. "It could ruin everything."

"Or it could help." I decided to play the devil's advocate. There was always the need. "If she agrees, she could make leaving much easier."

"He has a point." Eric stood up from his seat on the couch. "If Taliana is okay with it, she can help smooth things over with Gareth afterward and she could make our exit that much smoother."

"All right, I'll tell her." Casey hopped up. "I'll feel better that way."

"Want me to come with you?" I asked knowing full well what her answer would be.

"No, but thanks for offering."

I smiled. Sometimes Casey was so easy to read. Other times, not so much.

"She looks so much better." Eric watched as Casey disappeared through the door leaving the rest of us waiting in the sitting room. That room seemed to be the center of everything in Gareth's house.

"I know. It's great." I grinned. At least something was going right.

"And you even got out of watching other men petition to be her mate. It looks like it's your day."

"We can call it my day if we make it out of here."

"We'll make it out." Hailey looped a finger through her belt loop. "We're Pterons."

"Yes, we are."

"What about me?" Eric asked. "I can't exactly just fly there."

"I can fly you again, but it's going to be a long flight." Hailey got a mischievous glint in her eye.

"I'm guessing that means you didn't enjoy your flight, Eric?"

"Bears are not supposed to fly." He crossed his arm. "It's not natural."

"You can always meet us there." He'd proven his worth already, so if he wanted to stay involved that was fine with me.

"Or he can stay here," Taliana's voice had all three of us turning. "I'll make sure he's not in any trouble, and he may be of help, especially if we need to contact other ursus clans."

"You okay with that?" I asked.

"Sure. Taliana has a good point about my contacts."

"In other words he's afraid to fly with me." Hailey laughed.

"That too, but I'm going to focus on the contacts part." Eric smiled.

"So obviously my mom took the news well." Casey nodded toward her mom.

"I see." I gave Taliana a polite smile.

"I want Casey safe, and this makes more sense."

"Have you talked to the twins? Do you know the plan?"

"The plan is we tell Gareth," Taliana said right away. "He's not going to argue with logic."

"Are you serious?" Casey asked. "What if he says no?"

"I made the mistake of failing to confide in him once before. I'm not making it again." Her face was completely solemn as she spoke.

"When are you going to tell him?" Casey asked.

"I'm not."

We all stared at her. She wasn't making any sense.

"Casey is."

"What?" I asked. "But he's your mate."

"And he just openly accepted Casey as his daughter. He'll listen to her." She smiled just a sliver.

Casey nodded. "Will you go with me at least? He's nice and all, but I don't really want to confront him alone."

"I'll do one better. I'll bring him here. That way you have everyone with you." Taliana looked at me. I was the "everyone" she was referring to.

"Okay, that works." Casey sat down on the arm of the couch.

"I'll be right back." Taliana disappeared through the doorway.

"Are you guys all okay with this?" Casey asked. "We didn't exactly take a vote."

"If he gets weird, we just go with the original plan." Hailey nodded like she was trying to reassure herself.

"But now he'll be suspicious. It's going to be more difficult." Eric cracked his knuckles.

"So be it." The decision had been made, so there was no sense doubting it. "Let's just hope he says yes."

True to her word, Taliana returned with Gareth a few minutes later. He took in all of us before walking fully into the room.

"What is it that you need to discuss with me?" Gareth sat down in a chair across from Casey. "I'll listen to anything you say."

"We need to leave." Casey cut right to the chase.

"I see." Gareth paused as though he was thinking it over. "And what is your plan then?"

"To go down to New Orleans. It's safe, and I need to speak with my grandmother. We need to see if anyone's heard from our other friends and my sister."

"Or the king." Gareth added.

"Exactly."

"We'll create a distraction. You can slip out. I'll have my men accompany you as far as you'll let them."

"Thank you for the offer, but we are going to fly the whole way."

Gareth smiled. "I assumed that." He turned to Eric. "And you? How will you get there?"

"Actually, I think I'll stay."

Gareth stood up. "Absolutely, we can use every strong body we can find."

Taliana looped her arm through his. "And Eric can contact other clans. If we're going to do this, we should do this right."

Gareth nodded. "Good idea. You know I took you for my mate because of your brains."

Taliana raised an eyebrow. "I thought it was for my sparkling personality."

"That too, and your beauty."

Taliana blushed, and Casey looked uncomfortable.

"We need to go tonight. We can't risk flying when the sun is up." Hailey eyed the door. She was revving to go and I didn't blame her.

Gareth nodded again. "Let's get everything ready."

***

We waited until the dead of night to leave the Island. We were never invisible, but the darkness at least gave us a chance to travel undetected. After some hurried goodbyes, we took off and flew higher than usual. It was harder to stay that high where the air was thin, but we weren't taking any chances. Hailey and I flanked Casey so that if trouble came, we'd be in a better position to protect her.

Returning to New Orleans always brought a mix of emotions with it. Between everything with Allie, and more recently Casey, I was always a little bit nervous heading down to the Crescent City. This time was no exception.

"We should go right over to the hotel," Casey called as we got close to New Orleans.

"Yeah, it's the safest place in the city." I wanted safe for Casey. I had some confidence in Gareth's abilities, but there was still a chance Tiffany would get wind that Casey had left and come after us.

We flew into the city just before sunrise. We landed in the shadows along the side of the hotel and retracted our wings. No one said anything as we walked through the lobby and straight to the elevator. I had a brief period of worry realizing I didn't have the key to take us down to the basement, but Hailey took care of that problem. "Allie insists that I carry one."

"Make sure to thank Allie when we see her." Casey smiled. Despite everything, she seemed so much more like herself again. It made everything else seem manageable.

"You can do it yourself." Hailey was trying really hard to act unaffected, but every once in a while her facade fell, and her fears came to light. She was worried about Allie, and until she saw her friend again, no one was going to convince her not to be. And no one should have. We had no idea what was going on. I was all about helping people keep their confidence, but I wasn't a proponent of false hope. It usually only hurt you in the end.

The elevator moved down exasperatingly slow. We were all silent, but my hunch was we were all thinking about the same things. Finally the doors opened, and we stepped out into the dark. The loud voices were the first hint that something was wrong. We all exchanged glances before heading down the corridor.

"Find her! Find her and bring her here now. And find Robert, he can't really be gone." Georgina's distinctive voice made us all tense.

"Georgina?" Casey called before taking off down the hall.

"Casey!" Georgina took the corridor at a pace I wouldn't have thought possible for a woman her age. She pulled Casey into her arms. "Thank goodness."

"What is it?" Casey stepped back and took in Georgina's tear stained face.

Hailey and I exchanged looks. What the hell was going on?

Georgina clutched a small flashlight in her hands, a reminder that she was only human and couldn't see in the dark. "You are our only hope." She took Casey's arm. Then she glanced at us. "Hailey, I'm going to need your help too."

"What's going on?" Hailey looked panicked. "Have you heard anything? Are Allie and Levi on their way back?"

Georgina shook her head before stumbling toward the wall.

"What do you mean? What's going on?" Hailey wrapped her arms around herself protectively.

Georgina started sobbing uncontrollably.

"No. You don't mean. No." Hailey shook her head.

Casey returned to my side, and for once it was her pulling me into her arms.

Georgina nodded. "I'm afraid so."

"But. No." Hailey kept shaking her head. "Not possible."

Casey released me and walked over to Hailey.

Hailey shrugged her off. "No. It's all a mistake. It has to be."

"I wish it were," Georgina said stoically. "I'd do anything for it to be, but your brother is the one who told me himself. They found the island destroyed."

"Where's she going?" Georgina asked.

I turned around. Casey was gone. How had that happened?

"I'll find her." I hurried off down the corridor. Was she so upset by the news that she wanted to be alone? I was still in a state of shock. Levi and Allie gone?

I caught up with her in what must have been an old office. From the dust on the desk, it couldn't have been used recently.

"Casey?"

She turned. "It's all my fault."

"How is any of this your fault?"

"All of it is. Tiffany wouldn't have... she wouldn't have hurt them if it weren't for me."

"What?" I wrapped my arms around her waist. "That makes no sense. "

"If I weren't around she wouldn't have done it."

"Yes she would have. She'd have found another way."

She sighed. "None of this really makes sense. She went through so much effort."

"I think I understand what her original plan was. This was just plan C."

"What was it?" She hopped up onto the desk.

I sat down beside her. "If the king steps out on his mate he loses the crown, right?"

"That's what I've been told."

"Her first plan was to take the crown from Robert by making him disloyal."

"But that didn't work," she said softly.

"Right. It wasn't that simple. Robert didn't magically lose his position. The punishment occurred for the next generation. An enchantress, Allie was born."

"She was born at almost the same time I was."

"Exactly."

"In theory that should have been enough. She just needed Allie to pick another heir."

"Like you." Casey frowned slightly.

"I'm half convinced she set all that up too. I mean I moved to Allie's school because Dad got some terrific job opportunity. She was an enchantress. All I had to do was meet her to get hooked."

"Do you really believe all of your attraction to her was because of that?"

I shrugged, and that caused my shoulder to brush against hers. "Some of it. It's impossible to know, but I probably would have had a crush on her anyway."

Casey smiled lightly. "Yeah, I'd think so." I noticed that Casey's tone had no hint of jealousy. There was however a sadness there. She hadn't known Allie nearly as well as I had, but she felt the loss.

"But what I was getting at is that after Allie chose Levi, Tiffany had to come up with another plan. Do you think it's a coincidence that she came after you now?"

"You're right. You're absolutely right."

"I'm glad you agree, but does that put your guilt to rest? I'll ask you again, how is any of this your fault?"

"I feel guilty anyway."

I hopped down and stood in front of her. I put my hands on either side of her face. "You shouldn't."

She shrugged. "Now what? Now what happens?"

"I don't exactly know, but my guess is Georgina does."

"But who takes power? You?"

"Me?" I held a hand to my chest. "Not exactly."

"Then who?"

I paused before answering her question. I hoped she was ready for the answer. "You. You become queen."

Chapter Twenty-Five

Casey

"Me?" I choked the word out. "I'm in charge?"

"Yes, and I expect you to take your place without complaint." Georgina walked into the office. She was no longer crying, and she was all business.

"There has to be another way. I can't be queen. I know nothing about The Society. I shouldn't even be here."

"You are a Laurent. You will take your place. You will declare Toby as your intended mate. That will quell the hysteria over Lev-the king. Two of the strongest Pteron families united should let people know who's in charge." Georgina's inability to say her grandson's name was the first hint that she wasn't as okay as she wanted us to believe.

"I can't become queen," I repeated. I couldn't even think about the mate part. Become queen? Was she crazy?

Georgina stepped in front of Toby to get to me. He quickly stepped back. He probably knew that getting in Georgina's way after the news she'd been given wouldn't be a good idea. She took my face in her hands. "You are a Laurent. You will step up and take your place. You will represent your family and lead The Society. We all need you."

"But how? I know nothing about leading." Tears poured down my face out of a mix of shock, grief, and overwhelming fear. I'd just met my half-brother and now he was gone. How was The Society going to survive without his leadership? I couldn't do half as good a job as he could.

"You won't be alone. You will have advisors, your mate, and you'll have me. You can and will do this."

"Not yet. What if the information you have is wrong? What if they're okay?" I still held onto the glimmer of hope that the information was wrong.

Georgina shook her head. "I refuse to let delusions and false hope derail us. This Tiffany character wants us to panic. She wants us to get lost in grief and let everything fall apart. We have a duty to our people to maintain decorum. We will do that. We will get everything in place, and only when we have taken care of The Society will we allow ourselves time to grieve."

"I can't imagine how horrible all of this is for you. Is Robert-is my father back?"

Georgina shook her head. "Helen is in a complete state of shock and denial. I need to get back to her, but my first priority is getting you ready. That is where Hailey will come in when she pulls herself together."

"With all due respect, the girl just lost her best friend." Toby seemed to regret the words immediately, but they were out. He couldn't take them back.

"I lost my grandson, a child that is like a granddaughter, and very likely my son. Yet here I am taking care of business. Hailey took an oath as Allie's chief advisor. Levi's chief advisor is off with the so-called head of security somewhere. Those of us here need to do our part."

"Do you really think Robert's..." I couldn't finish the sentence.

"I don't know what to think. It's like he disappeared into thin air when we needed him most."

"I'm sure there's an explanation," I started. I refused to believe he was gone too. If they actually expected me to take a leadership role, I was going to need all the support I could get.

"Stop looking for explanations. That's just another word for an excuse. You're not getting any right now. Pull yourself together. You are a Laurent, and you will act like one."

I took a few deep breaths. I needed to pretend to be okay, even if only for Georgina's sake. She must have been so broken, but she refused to let that get in the way of what needed to be done. I needed to do my part. "So what do we do?"

"Right now you get cleaned up, changed, and prepared to make a public statement."

"Where should I do that?" I didn't have a place in New Orleans unless Georgina had gotten me one without telling me.

"There's a suite for you upstairs." She turned to Toby. "There's stuff for you up there too. I guessed on your measurements, but it should be close enough."

"Okay. Just tell us where we need to be." He took my hand.

Georgina nodded stoically. "I'll call up when we're ready for you."

I nodded. There are times when you ask questions and there are other times when you don't. This was the latter.

"Casey?" Georgina called as I headed to the door.

"Yes?" I stopped.

"I'm proud of you."

"For?"

"I know what you did with the bears. That kind of strength isn't something everyone has. Don't forget you have it."

I tried to smile, but I'm sure it came out forced. "I'll try to remember that."

Toby put a hand on my lower back and led me out the door. He didn't say anything as we headed to the elevator. I purposely avoided looking for Hailey. I knew she was going through a lot, and I didn't want her to have to delay her grief. I could do this without her help. I felt badly enough that Toby had to stay strong for me. Despite everything, he'd loved Allie. None of this could have been easy for him to take. Plus he was now being pretty much forced to be my mate. He may have played it off as cool, but he couldn't be. We hadn't even known each other that long. I sighed. What the heck was going on? When had things gotten so unbelievably out of control? The day you saw the wolf, I answered for myself. Nothing had been remotely normal since then.

As soon as we found the room, I tried calling Jared again, but I got nothing. The lack of communication made everything so much harder. I tossed my phone aside and got ready for my shower. I needed to pull myself together. The hot shower helped some, but that didn't mean I felt ready.

"Georgina is right." Toby came to stand next to me while I hastily tried to apply some makeup. I usually went without it, but I looked just about as good as I felt-which was terrible.

"Right about what?"

"Come on. You know exactly what I mean." He ran a hand through his still damp hair. He'd taken a shower after I had. There was no showering together this time.

"The part about me being able to lead The Society?"

"Yes, that part." He put his arms around my waist while standing behind me.

I leaned into his comforting embrace. "I wish I believed it." I watched our reflection in the mirror. I loved that reflection.

"You will eventually."

"Hopefully sometime in the next few hours."

"Preferably in the next few minutes. You are getting ready to make a speech."

"Thanks for the reminder."

"I'm going to be with you the whole time."

"And I really, really appreciate that."

"But..."

"But I'm still the one who has to sound like I actually know what I'm doing."

"Look at me." Toby turned me in his arms. "Just go with your heart. You can't go wrong."

"But my heart hurts. It's full of grief and anger and fear."

"No." He shook his head. "It's not full of any of those things. Those are all in your head. Your heart is full of love and hope."

"You are so much better at words than me. You're the one who should be making this speech."

"No. It's yours to make. I'm just the eye candy on your arm."

I pushed him. "I don't know how you can make jokes right now."

He shrugged. "What's the alternative? Is there any?"

"None that are going to help us."

"Exactly. We can do this. You can do this."

"You were right the first time. It's we."

He kissed me lightly on the lips. "You look beautiful."

"Thanks."

"I mean that."

"I know, and you look as handsome as always."

"You mean I'm not beautiful?" he teased.

"No, but your heart and soul are."

"Ohhh now you're the sappy one." He pulled me into his arms. "Glad I'm rubbing off on you."

"You are more than you'd think."

"Yeah? Well you're rubbing off on me too."

"Hopefully it's in a good way."

"Of course. Could there be another way coming from you?"

I swatted at him. "Now you're going too far. I'm not perfect."

"Yet you're perfect for me."

"I'm distracted enough. You can stop."

"Let's get through the speech. Afterward we can finally let ourselves feel what we really do. How does that sound?"

"It sounds good as long as you're still with me. I don't want to be alone tonight."

"Don't worry, Case. You're not going to be alone any night."

I brushed my lips against his. "Now that sounds perfect."

***

The main chambers of The Society were something out of another place and time. I guess that shouldn't have come as a surprise since it was a supernatural society, but still everything else about The Society was modern.

I found focusing on the stone seating around the room and the large thrones in the center helped keep my mind off the things I should have been concerning myself with. Namely the speech and the fact that within twenty-four hours I was going to be a queen. Wasn't being a princess enough?

And what about my weakness? If Tiffany had messed with my mind, what would stop someone else? When I'd voiced my fears to Georgina she had told me we'd come to that bridge when we had to cross it, but what she didn't understand is that things didn't work that way. You had to prepare in advance because you never knew when your time would be up, and you'd have to face the problem head on. When she wouldn't listen to my protests, I stopped arguing. Instead I tried to monitor my thoughts more closely. Everything seemed normal, but I was always going to be afraid that I'd find a thought that wasn't my own. What would I do then?

I started counting the number of people in the audience.

"Casey." Georgina said my name, interrupting my counting at three hundred and four.

Toby kissed me lightly on the cheek. I let out a few deep breaths before joining Georgina in the middle of the room.

Georgina nodded, letting me know it was time to begin. I had a flashback to a speech in high school I'd completely messed up. This time I had nothing memorized, and I hoped that would help instead of hurt.

I swallowed hard before beginning. There was no microphone, so I was going to have to make sure I spoke loudly enough for my voice to carry. "Today is not a joyous occasion. I am not happy to be here, and I am sure that none of you are either." I looked out at the sea of black. Clearly the word had spread.

"Sometimes life is not fair, and we are dealt tremendous loss that seems unfathomable, but in life we have to do things we don't want to do because it's the only way we can move on, and staying stuck in one place is rarely the answer." I was rambling, and I knew it. I looked over at Toby and he nodded. "I didn't know Levi or Allie as well as some of you did. I wasn't lucky enough to grow up with them in my life, but from the time I did spend with them I learned that they were wonderful people. They were a couple willing to dedicate their lives to the betterment and success of The Society, and in their honor I pledge to do the same. I realize I can't do this alone. I will be relying on the experience of my grandmother, and the expertise of Allie's chief advisor, Hailey Kaye."

Hailey glanced up from her seat and smiled faintly. I hoped that the space I was giving her would help even if it was in a small way.

"I will also have the aid and help of a Pteron that is my deepest confident and companion. As the heir of another powerful Pteron family, his help will be immeasurable."

A hush fell through the crowd. Evidently this news hadn't spread. "Although we are not formally mated, he will be with me through this transition." I turned to him. "Toby, will you please come up here."

"But you're both Pterons!" a man yelled from the front row. He stood up as did several men sitting around him. "This is blasphemous. Georgina, how can you stand for it?"

Georgina stood beside me. "We will not be abiding by old wives tales developed as a means to influence the type of children being bred by our leaders. Yes, there is a chance that their children will not be Pteron by nature, but there's just as much of a chance that they will. Or one will. I will not allow fear to sway our decisions. We will cross that bridge when we get there."

The man nodded and sat down. The others did too. Georgina gestured for me to continue.

"I can't pretend to know exactly what I'm doing, but I will learn. What I can promise is that I will do everything in my power to see to it that The Society continues to stay strong. Sometimes the best way to cherish those we have lost is to move forward. We will not lose hope. We will stand united and together ensure a successful future for The Society."

The clapping started before I realized I was done. I could have said more, but in reality I'd said everything I'd needed to say. Besides, according to Georgina I'd be giving another speech the next day at my coronation. I might as well save material. If I'd said that last line out loud Toby would have applauded me for making a joke. I wasn't in the mood to be applauded. I just wanted to slip away. I wasn't meant for the spotlight.

I wished I'd been allowed to wear pants. That way I'd have had my phone on me. I was relying on Toby to tell me if we heard any news from my mom's clan or Jared and Vera. I couldn't stomach the thought of anyone else getting hurt.

A line formed and looped its way around the room. I looked for a cause for it. Was there food or cocktails I wasn't aware of? Then it hit me. They were lined up in my direction. They were lined up to meet me.

I swallowed hard again and waited. I shook hands with everyone who came before me. Some said nothing, a few bowed, and others took my hand and whispered words meant to console me. I smiled at everyone, exchanging polite words when required. Finally only a few people remained.

A woman that looked to be in her forties with shoulder length dirty blonde hair came my way. "You're looking good, Casey."

I wracked my brain trying to remember if I'd ever met her. I settled on polite. "Thank you."

"You don't remember me, do you?"

"No, sorry." I went with honesty.

"If you want my opinion, you picked the right man. This one deserves you."

"I beg your pardon?" What was she talking about?

"This one seems like a good one, but don't let him talk you into playing kinky games on the phone. I hear he's into that kind of stuff." She laughed, but it sounded more like a cackle as she pulled out a vial of a bluish-green liquid.

Before I could process what she was doing or saying, Toby flew through the air knocking over the woman. The vial flew from her hand, smashing into pieces as it hit the stone floor. Thick black smoke billowed up from the liquid as several Pteron guards ran over to her.

My heart was beating a mile a minute.

"Let go of me you idiots!" The woman screamed to the two Pterons who held her.

Toby glared at her. "Let go of you? You nearly killed the future queen."

I wrapped my arms around myself, still trying to make sense of what had just happened.

Toby walked over and put an arm around me. "It's Tiffany. It has to be. Somehow she's changed her appearance."

I looked at her; there was nothing familiar about her face. She looked nothing like the college student I knew. "How do you know it's her?"

"It's what she said. The kinky games. Only a handful of people would know that."

"Uh..." Considering everything that admission shouldn't have freaked me out, but it did.

"Oh. Wait. No." He shook his head. "Let me rephrase that. Only a few people would say I liked that kind of stuff. It's just some stupid thing that happened a while back. I promise it was nothing, but only Allie and her friends were there. Everything clicked."

"Look at this!" A Pteron guard called and Toby and I hurried over. The liquid was gone, and in its place was a hole in the floor.

"Oh my god." I put a hand to my chest. "If you hadn't jumped in when you did..."

"But I did." Toby pulled me tighter against him. "You're okay."

I walked back to Tiffany. I still couldn't believe it was the same person.

"Are we sure it's her?" Georgina stepped toward the woman. "Are we sure this is the same witch?"

The woman laughed. "Oh, Georgina. How nice to see you again."

"It's you?" Georgina's eyes bugged out. "You dated Robert before he married Helen."

"I guess what they say about you is true, you never forget a face."

"So all this was what? Jealousy? You couldn't let Robert have happiness?" Georgina said the words through gritted teeth.

"None of you deserve happiness or the throne," the woman spat out.

Georgina moved forward in a blur and punched her. "I will get you back. I will make sure every moment of your life is served in repayment for the lives you stole from me. You are a black hearted woman, and you don't deserve to have air to breath."

"Then kill me." The woman, who I still couldn't think of as Tiffany, laughed. "Just get it over with."

"Death would be far too kind of a punishment for you." Georgina looked at the men holding her. "Take her to the private prison. Angola would be too easy on her." The men turned and headed to the door.

We all watched as the woman was dragged out in chains.

"My mom. We have to call and find out what happened." I dialed her, but I only got her voicemail.

Before I could panic, I tried another number. Eric's.

"Casey?" He picked up on the first ring.

"How is everyone?"

"We're fine. Gareth's men took care of the enemy before they even got to shore. Tiffany wasn't with them."

"I know."

"What do you mean?" He sounded panicked.

"She was here."

"Are you okay?" It wasn't Eric yelling on the other end of the phone.

"Gareth?"

"Yes. Are you all right?"

"I'm fine, but can I talk to my mom?"

"Of course." There was a rustling.

"Honey?"

"Mom, I just wanted to tell you I love you."

She sniffled. "I love you too."

"Toby saved me."

"I find new reasons to like that boy all the time."

I smiled. "I need to go, but I promise I'll see you soon. Have you heard from Vera?"

"I assume she'd call you first."

"Maybe..."

"Do you want me to come tomorrow? If I leave now I can get there."

"Tomorrow?"

"Your coronation. We just heard the news."

"My coronation. Right." I'd nearly forgotten about it with all the commotion. "That's all right. Toby's with me."

"I'm proud of you."

"That means more to me than you could know."

"Good night, honey."

"Good night." I hung up. Every conversation with my mom was far too short.

Toby pulled me into his arms. "There's never a dull moment in our lives, is there?"

I shook my head. "But right now I'm just so grateful to have a life."

"Me too, and I'm grateful to have you in it."

Chapter Twenty-Six

Jared

I liked flying with Vera. That was becoming abundantly clear. It was a long flight, one I'd never subject a human too, but Vera wasn't human. Part of me hated that-hated that she was so much more complicated because of that, but the other part of me loved it. I loved that I didn't have to worry about her nearly as much. She was spirited, spunky, and completely unafraid to speak her mind. All of that and an amazing body. Being with her was torture. She was the best thing I could never have.

"I could do this every day!" She yelled over the wind even though she didn't have to. I would have heard her even if she'd whispered the words.

"I get to do it every day."

"Gee, thanks for rubbing it in."

"What he means is he'll take you flying every day," Owen butted in. He was good at that. He had no right to talk. He was king of keeping girls at bay. He'd only let a handful of girls get under his skin, and after one broke his heart, he never gave any others much attention. Maybe one day that would change, but currently he just needed to get off my back. He knew that my touching Vera was out of the question. At least touching her more than I had already. I started thinking about our kiss and my body heated. I needed to stop that line of thought. I was flying. Couldn't I keep it together? Of course it was hard to do that with her body pressed against mine. Damn it. She could probably feel exactly what I was thinking about.

"I warned you about getting a hard on while we fly."

Yeah, she'd noticed. "It's your fault."

"My fault?"

"Yes, you keep rubbing your ass against me."

"I'm not rubbing anything. I'm being held by you hundreds of feet in the air. Trust me when I say turning you on isn't on my to-do list."

Owen started laughing. I hoped he was enjoying this. That would make one of us.

"Just stop moving," I said through gritted teeth.

"I wasn't moving, but okay."

"We're getting close." Thankfully. I wasn't sure how much more I could take.

"I won't make the dirty comment I want to."

"Man, she's like the female version of you." Owen laughed again.

"Do you think they're really at Cade's?" I asked to change the subject.

"Let's hope so. We've come this far already." Vera shifted again. Great.

"They're in California. There's nothing else that note could have meant. I just mean how deep in hiding." Would they be at his house or somewhere much more secretive?

"There's only one way we're going to find out."

"I've never been to the Daly estate, have you?" Owen asked.

"When would I have ever done that?"

"I don't know. Just asking."

"The Laurent's hate the Daly's," I explained for the benefit of Vera.

"Or they did. Levi obviously is friendly with Cade," Owen added.

"Or he knew the Daly's estate would be the last place anyone would look for him." I wasn't sure friend was the term Levi would use. "Or maybe a little of both." Even I had to admit that Cade was growing on me. At least when he kept his distance, and he usually did considering he had his own kingdom to take care of.

We landed inside the gate of the Daly's sprawling estate on the outskirts of LA. Within seconds five guards surrounded us. "State your business or prepare for immediate removal," one particularly large guard addressed us.

"Chill out. We're here on royal business."

"Dressed like that?" Another one asked.

"How are we supposed to be dressed to fly?"

"Don't mess with me." The guard straightened up. "State your business."

"We're here to see Cade. It's urgent."

"The king is not currently seeing guests." His use of the word king pissed me off. Levi had forgiven Allie for giving away part of his kingdom, but it still annoyed me, especially at times like this.

"He'll see us. I'm Jared Florence, head of security and this is Owen Kaye, The king's chief advisor, and we demand to be seen."

"I will see what I can do." He didn't make a motion to move.

"No." Vera walked right up to him. "You will bring us to Cade now."

"And who are you?" He asked.

I didn't like his tone. He had no right to talk to her that way.

"My name isn't your concern, but I assure you I'm a concern. Take us to Cade."

He laughed. "Where'd you find this piece of work?"

I felt my blood boiling. "I'm only going to ask one more time. Take us to Cade."

"Guys, guys. There's no need to fight." Cade strolled down his front porch. "We're all on the same team here." He was wearing nothing but a pair of linen pants.

The men backed up. "They're okay?"

"Yes, they're more than okay." He took Vera's hand and kissed it. "They are a pleasant treat." He took her hand in his. "Let's head inside and visit." He winked at me. I resisted the urge to punch him. That probably wouldn't go over well with the guards, and I was too exhausted from flying Vera for four hours across the Pacific to take on that many Pterons.

He opened the door to let us in. "Let me give you guys a tour."

I opened my mouth to argue, but thought better of it once Cade shot me a dirty look. Maybe he did know what he was doing.

Cade led us into the expansive foyer. The ceiling was painted to look like the night sky, and the floor was made of dark marble. The Daly's had spared no expense. "This is the main living space, and the bedrooms are upstairs. Vera if you'd like to see those, just let me know." Cade smirked at me to let me know he was doing it to piss me off. Vera rolled her eyes.

I seriously liked that girl.

"Downstairs is where I have my offices. Maybe we should head downstairs since you said you were here on business."

"Sounds like a great idea," Owen replied, and we headed down the spiral staircase to the lower level of the house.

Cade whispered over my shoulder. "Is all clear?"

"Clear enough."

"Gotcha."

Cade walked down a long hallway and stopped in front of a door. "This is our safe room. We only use it in extreme emergencies."

He typed in a code and a loud beep signaled the door unlocking. I didn't wait for the door to open, I pushed past Cade. The only thing I could think about was the possibility of finding Levi.

"Can we help you?" Levi grinned as I busted into the room.

"You son of a bitch." I wasn't sure if I wanted to hug him or punch him when I saw him sitting there on the couch with Allie.

Before I could think long, Allie hugged me. "You found us." The contact surprised me at first, but I was so glad to see her alive and well that I didn't give her a hard time about it.

"We did." I stepped back. The relief dissipated enough that I could focus on the larger questions that still hung in the air. "What the hell happened?"

Levi's smile disappeared. "I sensed shifters approaching and had to think fast. I see you found our note. I left it in the one place I knew would survive. I knew you'd come looking for us eventually."

"Why here?" Owen asked. "Why Cade?"

"I knew he was the last Pteron anyone would expect me to go to for help." Levi seemed to finally notice Vera. "I figure she is trustworthy because she's with you, but who is this girl?"

Vera put a hand on her hip. "That doesn't matter as much as you continuing the story. How'd you know your friends would be the ones to find the clue? What if someone else found it?"

Levi looked at Vera questioningly. He wasn't used to people talking to him that way.

I understood her impatience. "She's the reason we even found you, so excuse her rudeness."

"Rudeness?" Vera scowled at me.

Levi shook his head but continued. "The only people who knew where to find us were Jared and the pilot. I knew that eventually Jared would come looking if we didn't come back or if the shifters thought they'd taken us out. I stuck around long enough to watch them torch the cottage."

Allie tensed at his side, and he pulled her into his arms. "What I can't figure out is why the pilot would have spilled the details. How much would they have paid him to betray the family he's worked for his entire adult life?"

"Do we know that's what he did?" Vera asked. "Does the pilot answer to anyone else?"

"Only to me and Jared. I think technically my dad and Jared's dad still have authority, but they wouldn't have asked for that information, nor would they have shared it."

"Were you watching TV?" Owen gestured to the remote sitting on the couch. His question helped ease the tension. I wondered if I was the only one who felt like it was a thousand degrees in that room. The more we talked, the more I was reminded of my short comings. A few months into the job of head of security, and I'd almost lost both the king and queen.

"We needed something to fill the time."

"Glad you were so bored." Vera shook her head. "I know you're royalty, and I'm supposed to be respectful, but I'm hoping my sister buys me a pass because after everything we've been through the last few days I'm not bowing to anyone or anything."

"Are you Vera?" Allie walked right over to her.

"You've heard of me?" Vera smiled.

"Yes. Your sister talks highly of you. It's awesome to meet you."

"It's nice to meet you too. You seem a lot cooler than a queen should be."

Levi laughed. "I wonder if you'd say the same thing about me being a king."

"Kings don't have the same reputation as queens. Kings have been known to be cool. It's the queens that get the bad rep for being uptight." She turned to Allie. "It's clearly unwarranted of course."

Allie smiled. "Of course."

"Do you know what message your husband left?" Vera asked. "And did you really give away part of his kingdom?"

Allie stared at Levi. "What is she talking about? I thought you just wrote down that we were going to Cade's!"

I nudged Vera. Did she have to stir up trouble?

Levi grinned. "I made it a little bit more fun."

"He said you were going to visit your biggest mistake." I smirked at her. "It was perfect."

"Men." Allie grumbled.

Vera laughed. "I second that."

"Ok, enough chit chat." I didn't mind Vera and Allie talking. I could definitely see them getting along even though they were as different as night and day, but we still had a lot of serious discussion to tackle.

Allie put a hand on her hip. "It's been less than five minutes and you're already annoying me."

"I miss you too, princess."

Vera looked at me funny. Before I could explain, Owen butted in. "It's an inside joke. He's called her princess long before she was a princess."

"Ok. Got it." Vera nodded. She thought I was crazy, but then again, I thought she was crazy too.

"So what have you guys been up to other than stalking me?" Levi shifted his weight. I could tell he was aching to get outside.

"Stalking you?" I coughed. "That had better be a joke."

"I take it the word that we were dead got out?"

"How can you be saying it that calmly?" Owen asked.

"Because we're not dead. That's obvious." Levi may have been playing it off, but the experience had shaken him. It was clear from the way he kept watching Allie.

"Let's stop this dance." Vera butted in again. "We were searching for you because Tiffany told us she was going to have you killed."

"Tiffany?" Allie said with confusion. "My Tiffany?"

"You guys are going to want to sit down for this." I gestured to the couch.

"Would anyone like some refreshments?" Cade stood in the doorway. "I could open some wine, maybe mix some drinks. Just let me know what you want."

I flipped around to look at him. "Are you kidding me?"

"I pride myself on being a good host."

"But you're not a host. We're here to get Levi and get home. All hell is breaking loose right now. Casey's lost her mind literally, and Georgina thinks Levi's dead."

"What?" Allie asked. "What do you mean Casey's lost her mind?"

"I'm guessing you haven't heard...." Vera looked back and forth between everyone in the room.

"No, we haven't heard about any of this, care to fill us in?" Allie wasn't looking at Vera.

"What do you think I was about to tell you?"

"Just start talking." Allie crossed her arms.

Vera smiled. She seemed to enjoy watching another girl boss me around.

I gave Allie, Levi, and Cade the condensed version of what I knew. It took three tries to get Allie to believe me that Tiffany was a psycho witch. Once she accepted that, getting her to wrap her head around what had happened to Casey was a lot easier.

"It looks like we're taking a trip to New Orleans, huh?" Cade asked.

"Yes. We can't waste any more time. We have to get you guys to safety. Once we do that we can worry about stopping Tiffany. We can't risk placing any calls until we're in the hotel. We have the upper hand now if everyone thinks you're dead. Let's not lose it."

"Don't forget about protecting Casey." Vera frowned. "We don't know what's going on with her right now."

"That was part of the stopping Tiffany thing."

Levi turned to Vera. "Of course we'll protect Casey. She's my sister too."

"All right then," I stretched. "Let's get this show on the road."

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Toby

"I need to talk to both of you, now." Georgina didn't wait to make sure we'd heard her. She headed out of the chamber. We both followed behind. There was something in her tone that made this order seem particularly urgent.

She moved down the hall at a quick pace until she finally stopped in front of a door. "In here. This room is sound proof."

Without asking questions about why we needed a soundproof room, we followed her in and she closed the door. We were inside some sort of library. The walls were lined with shelves of books. The room was also furnished with several arm chairs, a table, and a couch. It was easy to forget we were in a basement.

Georgina gestured for us to sit down on a couch. She remained standing.

"First, thank you for acting so fast, Toby. Who knows what that foul witch could have done to Casey if you hadn't been so observant?"

"Of course. You know how important Casey's safety is to me." More important than anything.

"Which is why I know you'll take what I say next seriously." Georgina glanced at the closed door before continuing. "Casey, I need to know everything your mother told you about your conception."

"She doesn't remember much," Casey admitted.

"She has to remember something. Who she met. What happened after." Georgina sat down in a chair caddy corner to us.

"Oh. She did tell us about that," Casey said quietly.

"Ok, tell me."

Casey looked to me, and I nodded. It was more Casey's story to tell. I sat back against the couch and listened to her relay everything Taliana had told us, from the witch asking for help, to the Pteron mate warning her.

Georgina grew pale when she got to that part. "Did she describe this woman? The Pteron mate?"

"Just that she was with a high ranking Pteron." Casey crossed her legs.

Georgina seemed lost for a second. "Something the witch said brought back a memory for me."

"Which part of what she said?" I asked.

"The part about me always remembering a face. Not everyone knows that about me. I'm horrible with names, but I never forget a face. For someone to know that they had to be close to me, much closer than a witch I'd met once."

"So what are you thinking? She was working with someone close?"

Georgina folded her hands in her lap. "I've done some research. Based on your birthday and Robert's brief recollections, the meeting must have happened at the Apex summit of that year."

I nodded, waiting for more. "Helen usually attended meetings with Robert, but not those conferences. Mates rarely attend. But Jett brought his wife."

"Jett? As in Jett Florence?" Jett, better known to some as Jared's dad, was a legend. He ran security like no one else.

"Exactly. And Jett brought his wife so she could visit with family in the area." Georgina let out a deep breath. "Jett knew me well. He knew me better than most since he spent so much time in our home. Plus, someone had to let Tiffany in today. She wasn't on the guest list I gave security, but someone added her on at the last minute. That someone would have had to have had high level clearance. The kind of clearance Jett has."

"You think it was Jared's mom who warned my mom?" Casey asked.

"That's my suspicion. I don't like it. The thought that Robert's most trusted friend betrayed him doesn't sit well with me, but it fits for another reason." She looked off.

"What other reason?"

"Mothers hear everything."

"Meaning?" I sat forward.

"Meaning I always knew what was going on with my son even up into his adulthood."

"And?" Casey asked.

"Jett found Helen first, but Robert wanted her."

"You think this is all over Helen?" Why did everything always come down to a woman?

"Helen, power, all of it. My guess is Jett got tired of always playing second fiddle."

"But there's something else. What aren't you saying?" Casey pushed. She must have sensed something I didn't.

"Are you positive that Tiffany captured Jared?" Georgina avoided both of our gazes.

"What are you implying?" I wasn't Jared's biggest fan, but I certainly trusted him.

"Isn't this all too convenient? Jared was the only one who knows where Levi was. Levi and Allie were attacked there."

"Someone else knew. Maybe it was the pilot, or someone working on the plane," I suggested. Was I really defending Jared so quickly?

"I've always liked the boy. He's been a good friend to Levi, but after what his brother did..."

"But he isn't his brother. Jared would never betray Levi." It was Casey's turn to defend him. "Jared's a complicated person, but his loyalty to Levi is unwavering."

"That's what I would have said about Jett." Georgina held up her hands. "I'm not going to fight you over Jared right now, but we have to find out for sure what Jett's role is. Until then none of us are safe."

"Ok. So how do you suggest we do that?" I wasn't going to sit back and wait.

"If he's in on it, he's going to find out what happened. I have that prison being watched like a hawk, and the guards are under orders not to let Jett in. My guess is I'll get a call from Jett soon asking for entry."

"That's a good plan. What do we do until then?"

"We get ready for the coronation tomorrow."

I nodded. "All right, just keep us posted." We headed upstairs to our room at the hotel for what would hopefully be a quiet evening. I was wrong-of course.

We'd just finished a sorry attempt at eating the room service we'd ordered when we heard banging on the door.

"Casey!" A loud voice boomed.

We looked at each other. Could it be?

"Robert?" Casey said quietly as she looked through the peep hole. She yanked open the door.

He stepped in and pulled her into a hug. "Thank goodness you're okay."

"What's going on? Where have you been?" She asked.

Robert looked disheveled. His gray hair was all out of place, and it looked like he'd been wearing the same clothes for days. I tried to hide my surprise, but Robert was the former king. I'd never seen him looking anything but perfectly put together. "I was sent on a wild goose chase by the friend I trusted best."

"Jett?" I asked, already knowing the answer. Georgina was right. I hadn't doubted her, but we now had proof.

"Yes. I won't go into details now, but I'm lucky to be alive after he sent me searching for an enemy that was actually him. I'm just so glad you're safe. To think I could have lost both of you." He held on to her arms with a mix of concern and hopelessness.

We knew exactly what he meant.

"Are you ready for tomorrow?" He asked both of us although the question was really for Casey.

"Not really." Casey wrapped her arms around herself, offsetting Robert's hands.

He smiled faintly. "That means you are."

"If you say so."

"I do. You'll be fine."

"I hope you're right."

"Me too." He patted her back. "I'm off to watch for Jett at the prison. I'm sure he'll show his face. Before that I need to oversee an interrogation."

"An interrogation?" Casey asked.

"We finally found the pilot. He never reported back after dropping off Levi, but we found him. Hopefully we can get some answers from him."

"Do you want my help?" I needed to offer. I wanted him caught even if I didn't want to leave Casey's side.

He shook his head. "No. Protect my daughter."

I nodded. "Of course."

Casey and I looked at each other wide eyed. What other surprises were coming?

We got our answer just hours later. Neither of us were tired, so we just sat on the couch pretending to watch TV.

"I used to watch this show with my mom." Casey stopped on some sitcom from the '90s. "I guess she grew up watching it or something."

"What's your favorite show?" I realized that was something I didn't know about her.

"I'm not telling." She looked away.

"Ok, now you have to tell."

"It's embarrassing."

"So?" I inched closer to you. "That just makes it better."

She laughed. "Fine, but no laughing."

"I've been in your head. How can this be worse?"

"Fair enough. I really like watching teen dramas. They're a guilty pleasure."

"That's not embarrassing."

Before she could respond, every phone in the suite started ringing. Casey turned off the TV, and I picked up, holding the phone away from my ear as Georgina screamed. "I need Casey in the chambers immediately!"

"Why?"

"Because it's essential." Georgina hung up.

"I guess we're going downstairs?" Casey asked.

"I guess so."

We took the elevator straight down to the basement. When the doors opened we went right to the main chamber.

It didn't take long to figure out what was going on. Jett was tied up and being held by two Pterons. Robert and Georgina stared him down. Robert noticed our entrance and gestured for Casey to join him.

Robert took two steps toward Jett. "I do not know what possessed you to align with evil, but you were insane to think you'd get away with it."

"I've gotten away with it for over twenty years." Jett scowled.

"You won't anymore. And if I find out Jared is in on this, he will also be facing my wrath."

Jett laughed. "Jared? Like I'd trust him with anything? As far as I'm concerned that son was a waste of my chromosomes."

Robert smiled. "That's all I needed to hear."

"Why?' Jett asked.

"If Jared has been able to avoid your influence, then I'm proud of him. "

"He's useless, just like you."

Robert picked him up by his shirt, the other men still held Jett's arms. "You disgust me. You will spend the rest of your life paying for your crimes, and if the evidence shows you had any role in my son's death, the punishment will be unbearable."

"Your son was useless too. Completely useless."

Robert punched him in the face. The rage on his face was almost frightening, like he was barely able to contain himself. "That was for Levi and his mate." Robert rolled up his sleeves before punching him again. "And that was for messing with my daughter."

"Casey, as the rising queen it is your duty to give his official sentence."

"What do I have to say?" she asked nervously.

"Pending trial he will be held in the private prison. For now that is sufficient."

She nodded and repeated his words.

Jett didn't even look at her. Instead he spat on the floor. "And our new queen is part bear. What is this Society coming to?"

"It's going to be better now that you're gone." Casey straightened her shoulders. "And this hybrid is a hell of a lot stronger than you."

She tugged on my arm, and we left the chambers for the second time that day.

***

Being in the chambers for a coronation was like deja vu. Only this time I wasn't lonely, I was just grieving the death of a girl who would always be important to me. I'd managed to focus on taking care of Casey up until that point, but returning and watching the same procession made it impossible not to think back on the last coronation.

I wasn't sitting in the audience this time. I was waiting in the center of the room not far from Casey. Georgina and Robert had agreed that it was fine to break tradition and not officially become mated yet, but they wanted me nearby as a symbol of our commitment. I'd have been there no matter what. I'd always be there for Casey.

Helen came out of her room for the occasion, but she chose to sit on the side. I understood and could tell Casey's heart was breaking for the woman. She'd lost her only son. Her only child, and she now had to watch as a child that wasn't hers took his place. It couldn't have been easy.

"Despite the solemn nature of today, it is time that we look toward out future. It is with pride that I crown the next Queen of The Society. Casey Bates Laurent." Georgina paused. "Casey, please kneel."

Casey glanced at me nervously as she stepped in front of Georgina and slowly moved down to kneeling.

I watched intently as Georgina picked up the ornate crown from the pillow. It was going to be far too big on her, but she was taking over The Society. It was hers to wear.

Georgina started to lower the crown onto Casey's head when suddenly the doors to the room burst open and everyone in the room turned. My jaw just about hit the floor. Levi sauntered in while holding Allie's hand. "Did someone forget to invite me?"

"Levi!" Helen's cry nearly shook the room, and Levi ran to her without dropping Allie's hand. I'd never taken Levi to be a momma's boy, but by the way he fell into her arms, I knew they had a close relationship.

After several moments Levi walked over to Casey. "What's going on, sis? Trying to steal my job?"

Casey was in shock. Her whole face was pale.

"Whoa. It's a joke." He gave her a hug. "It's okay."

She started to cry. Really cry. I wanted to intervene, but I sensed she needed her brother more than me at the moment. He held her for a while before walking over to Georgina. I took his place with Casey.

Georgina hugged him, but she broke the hug quickly. "But how? We thought you were dead."

"I got some help from an old friend."

The door swung open again and Cade walked in followed by Jared, Owen, and Vera.

The day was getting crazier and crazier.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Casey

Levi had some seriously good timing. He'd reappeared just moments before I'd been crowned queen, and I'd never been happier to have someone upstage me.

I was so overcome with relief that Levi and Allie were alive that it took me a moment to understand what was happening when the door opened again. I ignored Cade and Jared and went right to Vera. She pulled me into her arms, and we just stood there hugging.

Finally we broke apart. "You're okay." We both spoke at once and ended up laughing.

"Yeah, I'm fine. You guys have good timing though." I gestured to the crown lying back on the pillow. As nice of a crown as it was, it didn't belong to me. It belonged to Levi.

"Tell me about it. It's been a crazy day all around."

"What happened? Where did you find him?" I gestured to where Levi stood grinning and talking to his father and Georgina.

"It's a long story. The short version is that he escaped right as Tiffany's army of shifters showed up. He was able to reach Cade securely, and Cade hid him."

"That doesn't sound so complicated."

"Like I said, that's the short version."

I laughed. "Okay. That's enough for now."

"But what's going on here? What did I miss other than you almost becoming queen?"

I glanced at Jared. He needed to know the truth about his father, but I didn't want to be the one to tell him.

Robert noticed my gaze and walked over. "I'm going to have this talk with him."

I nodded and went over to hug Jared. "I'm glad you're okay. Thanks for everything."

"Anytime." He smiled, but then he seemed to notice Robert staring at him for the first time.

"Is everything okay?"

"If it's all right with you, I'd like us to take a walk." Robert addressed Jared formally.

"Okay." Jared nodded.

Vera walked over as soon as the two men left. "What's going on?"

"He's about to find out some pretty messed up stuff about his family. His dad's been working with Tiffany this whole time."

She sighed. "That's tough."

"It is. But his mom seems like a good person. She helped Mom."

"Our mom?" Vera asked.

"Yeah. Our mom."

"Where is she? Jared's mom?"

"I don't know. Maybe Georgina knows."

"What do I know?" Georgina walked over. She had better hearing than I thought.

"Where Jared's mom is?" I glanced around again to make sure Jared wasn't back. I didn't want to upset him.

Georgina pressed her lips together. "That's not a pretty story."

"Meaning?"

"Jett always told us she had a break-down and ran away because she couldn't handle the stress of being married to the head of security anymore."

"But why would she leave without her children?"

Georgina sighed. "I know. Now I'm rethinking everything."

"Do you think she's alive?" Vera asked. She was always the blunt one.

"I don't know. I don't know what to believe."

"I'm going to see if I can find Jared." Vera excused herself. The departure surprised me slightly, but really Vera was a caring person. If she found him, Jared would be in good hands.

Seeing Vera again was amazing, and knowing that everyone was safe made me feel better than I ever remembered.

"Are you ready to go up?" Toby appeared at my side. Out of the corner of my eye I watched Georgina letting Owen have it. I'm guessing she wasn't too happy about him telling her that her grandson was dead. I was close to intervening when suddenly Georgina pulled Owen into a hug. Evidently he'd been forgiven.

"Definitely." I took his hand, and we headed to the elevator.

"Crazy day, huh?" He arched an eyebrow.

I smiled. "Just a little."

So much had happened in the months since he'd first talked to me at Coffee Heaven. So much had changed. I'd changed. He'd changed, but the important things, like the way he made me feel hadn't changed. In fact my feelings had only grown stronger. I couldn't even imagine my life without him, and I hoped he felt the same way. He'd taken all the mate talk so well, but what would happen now that things were calm, or at least calm by our standards?

Toby inserted the key card into our door. I went right into the bedroom. I wanted to change. I knew jeans would be so much more comfortable than the red satin dress Georgina had picked out for me.

Toby followed me in and stilled my hands before I could unzip my dress. "I need to ask you something."

"Okay." I looked right at him. I trusted him. I knew he loved me, but there was always going to be a small part of me that feared he'd change his mind.

"I'd planned to make this so much bigger, so much better, but the last few days have taught me you never know what tomorrow is going to bring, so I'm going to live in today."

"Okay."I nodded. I usually didn't mind when he babbled, but I needed him to get to the point. I really hoped it was a good one.

"Spend your life with me, Casey. Be with me from now until forever. I don't care what you want to call it: wife, mate, soul mate. Anyway you put it, I just want you with me. Always with me."

Tears started to stream down my face. "But we haven't known each other that long." That was what I was supposed to say, right? That was the reasonable response.

"So? We're Pterons. Things happen faster for us." He smiled.

"I've never heard that before." I raised an eyebrow.

He laughed. "I haven't either, but it sounded good."

"I love you, Toby."

"And I love you. So tell me, taking the amount of time out of the equation, do you want to spend your life with me?"

"Of course." I took both of his hands in mine. "But only if you really want this."

"Of course I really want this." He fell down onto one knee. "Here, I'll ask you again more formally." He pulled out a breathtaking sapphire ring. "Be with me, Casey. Promise to be with me in every way for the rest of your life."

I nodded, trying to blink away the tears. "Yes. I'll marry you, mate with you, whatever we decide to call it."

"Let's just call it love."

"I like that term."

"Good." His lips brushed against mine. "Because love is exactly what I feel for you. It's what I've felt for you for months, and it gets stronger every day."

"I feel the same way."

His lips moved from my lips over to my neck. "You're so beautiful."

"You say that a lot."

He left tiny kisses all the way down my neck as he started to unzip my dress. "Because you are."

"And you're handsome and have beautiful wings. Remember?"

"Speaking of wings." He finished unzipping my dress, and it fell to the floor.

I started unbuttoning his shirt. "Yes?"

"I'd like to see yours right now."

"Yeah? We haven't done that in a long time."

"It seems fitting tonight. I mean it was your almost coronation and our engagement."

"And we don't have to feel guilty anymore." I pushed off his shirt and stepped back long enough to pull his t-shirt over his head.

"We never have to feel guilty." He unclasped my bra and tossed it on the floor. His lips found my breast moments later.

I moaned as I slipped my hand down into his boxers. He groaned, pulling my panties off agonizingly slow.

I let myself transform, releasing my wings at the same time that his hand slipped between my legs. I sensed his transformation as I gently stroked him. His whole body temperature heated, including what I held in my hand. Everything got hotter, and I found I couldn't resist him anymore. I pushed down his boxers, wanting nothing standing between us.

He picked me up and carried me over to the bed. He cradled my head in his hands as he gently kissed me. I was so focused on the kiss that I wasn't prepared for what came next.

"Toby!" Being quiet wasn't an option as he thrust into me with his full length over and over. My nails dug into his back next to his wings as I tried to hold myself together.

"I love you, Casey," he breathed out.

"I love you too."

He made me scream over and over as he pushed me over the edge, not once but twice. Sex while transformed was so much better, so much more raw and intense, and I was going to get to do it anytime I wanted to for the rest of my life. Toby shuddered finding his release. He cradled me in his arms, and we both retracted our wings before lying down on the bed.

"You're amazing Casey," he whispered against my ear.

"So are you." I snuggled into his arms as deep as I could get. Toby was still my happy place, and he always would be. I was going to stay with him forever, and he was going to stay with me.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

Jared

Love is weakness. At least that's what I always believed. It was a feeling that needed to be stamped out whenever possible. My belief had been slightly tampered after watching Allie and Levi together, but I tried to convince myself that was different. That was Levi. It wasn't me.

But there are certain kinds of love that can't be ignored and stamped out. There's the love you can't help but follow to the ends of the earth. There's also loyalty and honor that both seem to overlap with love far too often for my taste.

Discovering that my brother was a traitor broke me, but it was nothing compared to finding out the truth about my father. Not only was he a traitor, but he sent away my mother-the only good person in my family. I said it; the only good one. Because I wasn't good. Was I? I'd hurt more women than I could count, and I was done being able to rationalize it because they'd been willing. I'd still used them and hurt them even if they were using me in exactly the same way.

Levi pretended my family's dark behavior didn't change his opinion of me. He claimed it didn't change his desire to have me in charge of security, but I knew that if I had any hope of redeeming myself, or my family name, I needed to step down. It was time for the Florence family to leave the Laurent's in peace. Levi would always be like a brother to me, and my loyalty would remain tied to the royal family for life, but I was done serving them directly. He needed a better man to take that job.

It wasn't as easy to leave as I thought. I'd stood outside Levi and Allie's house for hours debating whether to tell him face-to-face I was leaving, but I couldn't do it. I couldn't step up and do the honorable thing. Instead I slipped a letter into the mail slot and took a slow walk back to my place. Or at least the place that would be mine for another few hours. Owen and I were both moving out. The difference was Owen was staying in the city. I wasn't. Normally I would have flown. I would have enjoyed even the short moments of being airborne. But I didn't. Walking seemed the more appropriate form of movement that night.

"You're leaving." Vera's voice startled me in the dark. I was startled so much more now. My experience in the cave had messed me up more than I wanted to admit.

"Yes I am."

"I'm coming with you." She caught up with me, letting her pace match mine. Her long legs were shorter than mine, but I wasn't walking fast.

"You don't even know where I'm going."

"You're going to find your mom."

I stopped in my tracks and turned to her. "What makes you say that?"

"I could see it in your eyes yesterday. You're not going to let this go if there's even a tiny possibility that she's alive."

"Am I crazy?" I wasn't sure why I wanted her opinion, but I did. A small part of me needed someone to tell me I was doing the right thing.

"Yes, but not because of this."

I smiled for the first time that evening. "I can't give it up."

"And you shouldn't. You should never give up on the ones you love."

"I don't love that many people."

"You do love some. You love Levi, you love Allie, you love your mom. That's how I know you can do this. You found, Levi, didn't you?"

"Only because you helped." I was in a self-deprecating mood, so I didn't mind giving credit where credit was due as long as it wasn't to myself.

"Getting help isn't always a bad thing." She shoved her hands in the pocket of her jean shorts. They were a darker color, different from the ones she usual wore.

"You went shopping."

She smiled. "You noticed."

"You seem to always get my attention."

"Does that mean I can come?" She gazed right into my eyes, and I wanted to turn away because it felt like she could see straight into my soul. It freaked me out, yet excited me at the same time. I was losing it completely.

"Why do you want to?" She had no reason to help me. She'd more than repaid any thank you for saving Casey.

"What else am I going to do now?" She emphasized now, and I knew exactly what she meant.

"Yeah, I guess Casey's all right on her own."

"She's not on her own. We both know that."

"No." I smiled for the second time. Casey and Toby worked, and he made her happy. At least someone had managed to fix the mess I'd made there."You can come if you want. Who am I to stop you?"

"It's not like it would be hard to stop me. You can just fly away at any time."

"Flying only makes sense when I have a destination. Without one, I'd rather walk."

"I may have said something that wasn't true back on the plane."

"Oh?" I wondered where she was headed.

"You aren't a seven kisser, you're an eight."

I smiled. "Only an eight?"

"I'm thinking that I should probably try again, just to be sure."

"You mean you want to use me?"

"I figure if we're going to be spending more time together it's probably going to happen-and other things might too."

"I told you I don't want to sleep with you."

"And I told you I didn't want to sleep with you. Can't we just stop lying? It's getting old." Her eyes brightened. She was even more beautiful when she was in a playful mood.

"You're good at saying exactly what's on your mind."

"It works better than beating around the bush. People get hurt less that way."

"I'm tired of people getting hurt."

"Trust me, I am too."

"Come here." I put a hand on her hip.

"Why?"

"Because I don't step down from challenges." I used my other hand to push her body against mine.

"I don't either." Her lips were on mine before I could blink, but I refused to let her take control for long. I sucked her bottom lip into my mouth. She moaned, and I released her lip, using her distraction to slip my tongue into her mouth. She tasted tart, a flavor I wasn't used to, but wanted more of. One of her hands moved into my hair, she tugged on it slightly as though she wanted us even closer, but there was no more space between us to close. The only other thing to get rid of were our clothes.

I slipped a hand under her tank top, greedily running my fingers over her smooth skin. She was so warm, so soft, and so damn irresistible. I wanted more and more.

She broke the kiss and stepped back. "Go get packed."

"Are you going to come help?" I wanted her to say yes, to follow me back to my place so we could finish what we'd started, but another part of me wanted her to say no. For once I didn't want to screw up a good thing.

"I need to say goodbye to my sister first. Meet me down at the hotel."

"Sounds good. I won't be long."

She smiled. "Good, and Jared?"

"Yeah?"

"Would you mind if we made one quick stop before we focus on finding your mom?"

"Where is it?" It's not like I even knew where to start yet, so I wouldn't have said no to any suggestion.

"You think you're ready to meet my dad?" She grinned.

"Uh, what?"

She laughed. "I should have been more specific. I'm talking about my birth dad, the one I haven't seen since I was a few years old. My mom's there too, and it's probably time to see her. And who knows, maybe she'll send us in the right direction? From what Casey said, my mom met yours."

"All right. I don't have any other ideas anyway."

"I liked you better when you were cocky. This whole 'woe is me' act doesn't work. Do me a favor and get rid of it before we meet up?"

I smiled. "I'll do my best."

"No." She put a hand on my arm. "You'll do it. It's not about trying, it's about doing."

"What, are you a motivational speaker now?"

"No. I'd find much better ways to motivate you than speech."

"Now that sounds enticing."

"And that sounds like Jared." She patted my arm before stepping away. "Get ready. You don't want to see me when I'm impatient."

"Actually, I think I'd like to see you in every way."

"And you will, but only if you get packed."

"I'm on my way." I turned my back and headed home.

I'd have never imagined I'd leave New Orleans or my position working for Levi, but sometimes doing the right thing means leaving. Hopefully one day I'd be back in my favorite city, and when that day came I'd make sure I was a better man, the kind of man who deserved to stay.

