Preface

People usually fall into one of two categories when it comes to the holidays. Either you love them and turn on the Christmas music as soon as you toss the pumpkins, or you dread them and lock yourself away as you cringe at the fact that your neighbor has their decorations up in October. I was always in the first category. I'd be eyeing Christmas trees on Thanksgiving and I'd make my first batch of holiday cookies by December 1st, but Glen Maxton ruined that for me. How is it possible that a guy could destroy the holidays for a Christmas loving girl like me? I guess the best place to start this story is at the beginning. Or really at the end, the end of a ten year friendship that fell apart thanks to some strong egg nog, a romantic night of ice skating, and a single strand of mistletoe.

Chapter One

Savannah

"So you're going to Harrison?" Glen asked as soon as I slipped into the passenger seat of his Subaru Outback.

"Hi to you too." I buckled my seatbelt as Glen pulled away from the curb. I was glad for the seatbelt moments later when he slammed on the breaks.

"Try not to kill me before we get to my grandparents, ok?" I kicked an empty water bottle out of the way so I could stretch out my legs. Glen was a lot of things, but neat wasn't one of them.

Glen laughed. "It's the airport, don't blame me."

"It's Denver, not JFK." I'd just arrived in Colorado for my yearly trip to visit my grandparents for the holidays.

"Come on, southern girl, what do you know of JFK?" He put a hand behind my seat as he pulled out toward the interstate. I'd known Glen for as long as I'd been coming out to Vail, nearly ten years. Our grandfathers had been in business together years before and after retiring they had started the tradition of renting condos in Vail for the holidays every year. His parents had continued the tradition even after his grandparents had stopped making the trip.

"My mom's boyfriend lives up in New York. You know that." He also knew how awkward my relationship with her boyfriend was. I only saw Glen once a year, but we stayed in touch year-round through phone calls and text messages. He knew more about me than most of my friends from home. I wasn't sure if that was a good or bad thing.

"Oh yeah. Any change on that front?"

"Nope, but on a positive note, it hasn't gotten worse."

"There you go. Glad to see you focusing on the good." Glen played with the dial of his radio. He flipped through the stations before eventually turning it off. "But back to my original question. Why Harrison?"

"Why not? Charleston's a cool city." I was a senior in high school, and I'd just been accepted early decision to my top choice school.

"Yeah, but it's like an hour from your hometown. Don't you want to stretch your wings?"

"Stretch my wings?" I turned in my seat. "Like you? You go to school close to home too."

"Hey, I spent four years in boarding school. I did my time away."

"Prep school doesn't count as stretching your wings."

"Why not?'

"It just doesn't." I didn't really have an explanation. I just didn't like to think about Glen's days at an exclusive private school. It was a reminder of how different our worlds were. I'd been in public school my whole life.

"You didn't even come out to visit Boulder." He changed lanes. "Why not?"

"You know I don't like the cold."

"It's not that cold. Besides, you could have found someone to keep you warm." He winked.

"Yeah, right." Glen was hot. The devastatingly handsome and sexy kind of hot with slightly long brown hair and piercing brown eyes, but he'd never shown any interest beyond his flirtatious teasing, and no matter how much I wanted him, it wasn't worth the risk of ruining our friendship in order to find out whether he wanted the same thing.

"It would have been fun having you around."

"I can handle a week or two of being an icicle, but that's about it. I feel good about my decision."

"I get it. You've got to do what you've got to do."

"And you're stuck with me for the next week. Isn't that enough?"

He tousled my hair. "It is, but why are you only getting here now?"

"I had a show last night."

"Still singing?"

"Why do you have to say it like that?" I crossed my arms. "It's not just some stupid hobby."

"It's not stupid, but it's a hobby. You can't make a career with it or anything."

I shrugged. "I'll worry about that later."

"Ugh. I knew this was going to happen." He slowed as we moved into traffic on I-70.

"Sorry. I don't know why you agreed to pick me up. I could have taken a shuttle, or I could have waited a few hours for my dad."

"You really think your grandpa was going to go for that?"

I smiled. "He loves you."

"Correction, he loves the idea of me with you."

"Eventually he'll drop it."

Glen glanced at me. "Yeah, I guess so."

I unzipped my parka. The heat was on high, and I knew Glen had selected that setting for me. I wasn't a fan of the cold and everyone knew it.

"I can turn the heat down if you want."

"Just set it to what you want."

"You're too much of a pushover. You need to change that before you leave for school."

"You worrying about me?"

He put a hand on my leg in a way that somehow felt different this time. "Do you mind if I worry about you, Savy?" Glen, like all my friends and family, called me by my nickname. Only my teachers called me Savannah anymore.

"Yes. I don't need anyone doing that for me."

"The last time I checked I wasn't just anyone." There was something in his expression that was so intense it nearly scared me. I shrugged it off. It was only Glen. He had this goofiness that sometimes came off as serious. It's hard to explain.

"And I see you're just as modest as always."

He squeezed my knee once before moving his hand back to the wheel. "I'm just saying. I don't lump you in with everyone."

"Oh? I'm special then?"

He smiled but didn't look over again. It was fun watching him when he couldn't watch me. "Oh, you're special all right."

I laughed. "Ok, I kind of walked into that one."

"You definitely did."

***

The next few days flew by in a blur. I spent my days on the slopes, and my nights hanging out with my family and Glen. I only spent a few weeks out of the year with my grandparents, and I tried to make the most of it. In some ways I was even closer to my grandfather than I was to my dad, but I'd have never told him that.

We'd just finished dinner on Christmas Eve when my phone rang. I hurried down the hall to the room I was staying in and picked up immediately when I saw it was my mom. I hadn't spent Christmas with her in ages, but it was still hard. "Hi."

"Hey, honey. How are you?" Mom sounded excited. Almost too excited.

I ignored her question, and instead I asked one of my own. "What's going on?"

"Mac and I have some big news."

My stomach dropped at the mention of her boyfriend. "Oh?"

"We're getting married!"

"Oh." I gripped the night stand, needing to find a way to steady myself.

"Oh? Is that all you have to say?"

I heard laughing in the background. "So he did it with his kids around, but not me. Convenient."

"Savy, you weren't here. That isn't Mac's fault." Mom managed to always make things sound so calm. She also managed to always make it sound like I was the one overreacting. Maybe I was, but for once I wasn't going to own up to it.

"I was there for Thanksgiving. He couldn't do it then?"

"Well then Mi-"She stopped.

"Exactly Mom, then one of his kids wouldn't have been there, and of course he couldn't do something so important and life changing without them."

"I'm sorry." All excitement was gone from her voice. I felt guilty, but then part of me didn't. Mac had done it on purpose. I was sure of it.

"Congratulations. I hope you two have a wonderful life together. And let me guess. You're moving to New York then?"

"Not until you start school of course."

"When I start school an hour away from home... yeah, great."

"It might not be too late. We could try to get you in somewhere further north."

"No thanks. Mac will just find a way to exclude me from everything anyway. Enjoy, don't worry about me at all." I hung up and tossed my phone before lying down on my bed.

My phone rang. It was my mom again. The guilt was back so I picked up. "Hi."

"Honey, I'm sorry. Mac just wanted to do it on Christmas. You know how much I love this time of year."

"Yeah..." I could blame her for my love of everything and anything Christmas.

"How are things going in Vail? Is your Dad keeping you busy?"

"It's been great. I miss you though."

"I know honey. I'll see you soon."

"What if I come home early for New Years? We can rent cheesy chick flicks and order in Chinese. We haven't done that in forever."

Silence. I knew what that meant. "Oh. No, I'm guessing Mac made plans for a family trip-he must have forgotten my ticket."

"Savannah. You spend Christmas vacation with your dad. You always do."

"Yup. Merry Christmas, Mom. I hope the rock is big." I hung up, and this time I turned off the ringer. I wasn't talking to her again. I grabbed my jacket and slipped on my boots before walking back out toward the kitchen.

"Is everything ok, sweetie?" My grandmother asked.

Dad looked up from his book. I could see the suspicion on his face.

"Yeah, I just need some fresh air."

"I'll come with you." Grandpa reached for his coat.

"I'll be fine. I'll stay close." I hurried down the stairs before they could stop me.

Lionshead Village was bustling that time of night, and I tried to get lost in the crowd. Did they really have to do that to me on Christmas Eve? Couldn't they have dropped the bomb another time? I walked around for a few minutes, trying to let the music and lights cheer me up. Mac wasn't going to ruin Christmas Eve for me. Our relationship was crummy, but that didn't mean I needed to take things out on Mom. Being angry at Mac was a lot easier than Mom. I texted her quickly. I am happy for you. I just need to process this. I love you.

She texted back right away. Love you too.

"Savy?"

I glanced up in time to narrowly avoid bumping right into Glen. "Hi."

He put his hands on my arms to steady me. "You okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine." I wiped away some tears and did my best to compose myself.

"You sure?" He looked at me skeptically. "You don't look fine."

"Ok, I'm almost fine." I wasn't good at keeping anything from Glen. I was notorious for texting him in the middle of the night when I couldn't sleep. I'd have felt bad about it, but he did the same thing. "I'm just celebrating the fantastic news that my mom's getting married. Hip hip hooray."

"He did it when you weren't around." Glen knew exactly why it upset me. It was nice that I didn't even have to explain it to him.

"Classic Mac, huh?"

"Yeah. Well, on the bright side he waited a few years. At least you won't have to move schools or anything. She can't pull you out second semester of senior year."

"That is a bright side." I blinked back some more tears. I refused to let Glen see me upset. Maybe I was blowing things out of proportion, but I was tired of Mac constantly leaving me out of things and my mom just taking it. I was positive he'd purposely waited until I was getting ready to leave for college before proposing. I didn't fit in with his image of a perfect family, and so the simplest solution for him was to wait until it was easier to keep me away. Maybe if my relationship with my dad was better it wouldn't have bothered me so much, but it did. I knew that in a lot of ways I was alone, but that wasn't a feeling I was ready to accept.

"Want to go ice skating?" He gestured to the rink.

"Now?"

"Yeah. It's Christmas Eve. Ice skating kind of fits the mood, right?'

"Right." I considered the offer. I wasn't exactly in the holiday spirit, but maybe some skating was what I needed.

"Nice, I knew you'd say yes." He grinned.

"Hey, I haven't said it yet."

"I can tell that you're going to." He fidgeted with the zipper on his deep red ski jacket.

"It is possible for a girl to say no to you."

"I don't doubt it, but not this time. This time you're all about skating with me."

"I hope you can keep up." I headed over to the skate rental line. I didn't mind if we had to wait. I was in no rush to get back to the condo.

"I played hockey for twelve years. I wouldn't worry." His shoulder brushed against mine as he waited right next to me.

"Hockey shmocky, that doesn't mean you have my grace or speed."

He laughed. "Ok, you're totally over that stuff with your mom."

I wasn't, but I was good at pretending things didn't bother me. I understood that no one wanted to be around someone in a bad mood. The line moved slowly, but finally we reached the counter. Glen insisted on paying for my skates, so I let him. I took my white skates and sat down to put them on. The cold seeped through my jeans making me wish I was wearing my long pea coat.

With our skates on, we stepped onto the ice that was lit up by bright white lights strung up above the rink. Despite my bragging about speed, that wasn't going to happen on the crowded ice. Still, it felt good to glide around, and I did get to show off a few of my tricks. My years of lessons had paid off, even if ice skating wasn't the most popular activity in South Carolina.

For his part, Glen nearly made me fall over laughing as he sang along to White Christmas in an absolutely horrid take on a crooner voice.

Just when I thought the night couldn't get any more picturesque the snow started. The snow was light at first, but it was enough to have everyone excited. "Looks like your song worked."

"You shouldn't be surprised. I'm very talented." He put an arm around me. "Are you ready to go, Tinker Bell?"

"Tinker Bell? Since when do fairies ice skate?"

"I don't know. It's the blonde hair and green jacket I guess."

I laughed. "You watch too many Disney movies."

"You can never watch any Peter Pan adaptation too many times."

"Why? Because you share Peter's mantra, 'never grow up'?" Glen definitely had an immature streak in him, but it didn't bother me as much as it did with other guys. He knew when to shut it off.

He leaned in close. "Growing up is overrated."

"It is." I sighed. I still couldn't quite wrap my head around the idea that I was graduating. College had always seemed like this far off place or idea I'd never actually reach. I was down to only eight months.

"Before we go, I need a picture."

"A picture?" I was never much of a picture person. I wasn't photogenic.

"Yeah, to remember I went skating with Tinker Bell."

I laughed. "Sure. How can I deprive you of that?"

He took a photo of us with his phone, and miraculously neither of us fell over in the process.

"How about we go over to the cafe and get some hot cocoa?"

"Ice skating and hot cocoa? What are you buttering me up for?" I sat down on the bench and unlaced my skates. The snow was falling a little bit heavier, but the flakes were still light and more pleasant than a nuisance.

"I'm just enjoying an evening with a beautiful woman. I do have a romantic side you know."

"Romantic?" What was Glen playing at? I'd had a crush on him for years, but things had stayed completely platonic. We were good friends who saw each other once a year, and teased each other through text messages and late night phone calls. That was it.

He didn't hear me. He was already in line to return our skates. I waited for him to return with my boots, and not for the first time I was glad I'd worn wool socks. It was cold during the day, but the nights were absolutely freezing.

"Here you go, my lady." He bent down and proceeded to put my foot into my boot.

I pulled away from him. "Knock it off. What's gotten into you tonight?" As charming as Glen was being something seemed off with him. I wondered if maybe I wasn't the only one who was upset.

He proceeded to move on to my next boot. "It's Christmas Eve. Aren't you Miss Holiday Spirit?"

"Usually."

"Exactly." He put on his shoes and tugged on my hand to pull me to standing. "Let's get those hot chocolates."

The line at the cafe on the other side of the rink was nearly out the door, but I was enjoying Glen's company so much I didn't mind.

He insisted on buying my hot cocoa for me, and considering he'd already paid for my skate rental, I was starting to feel uncomfortable. Glen had all the money he could ever need, but I wasn't used to guys buying me anything. My dating experience wasn't extensive, and it involved boys who were all about going dutch. "I really don't mind paying."

"Yeah, but I want to pay. Stop arguing and enjoy yourself." He lightly bumped his shoulder into mine.

"Well, thanks."

We walked around the village sipping our hot chocolate and not saying much. After a while we took a seat on a bench. It was underneath a tree, and the pine needles blocked some of the falling snow. I closed my eyes and listened to the chatter of people walking by mixed with the low hum of holiday music.

"You guys need to kiss."

I opened my eyes and saw a girl who was probably ten staring at us. "You're sitting under mistletoe. That's the rules. You're under mistletoe, you kiss."

I looked up. Sure enough there was mistletoe hanging over us from the tree. It wasn't real, it was just the decorative stuff they used, but it had the same unmistakable appearance.

Glen put an arm around me. "I think she's right, Savy."

I turned to glare at him. "Don't even start."

"Why not? Scared to kiss me?" he teased.

Yes. I was scared. Terrified. This was Glen. Kissing him wasn't something I was prepared to do casually while sitting on a bench in the snow with a bunch of onlookers. Of course I couldn't tell him that though. "Why would I be scared?"

"I don't know. Just checking." He got a twinkle in his eye. That twinkle should have given me all the warning I needed, but it didn't. I was wholly unprepared when his lips made contact with mine. They were warm and soft, and they moved perfectly against mine. I kissed him back, desperately wanting to know what his mouth tasted like, and if his tongue felt half as good as his lips-but the giggles of the little girl brought me back to earth. I jerked away. Glen sat there staring at me.

"Merry Christmas," the girl said in a sing song voice before hurrying off after her parents.

"Our first kiss. It took a few years." Glen was back to joking. That was usually how he handled things.

"Yup. Was it all you wanted it to be?"

Glen shook his head. "No."

I tried not to let his words get to me. I looked off. "Good, I wouldn't want you getting too attached."

"I mean I wish it could have been more."

"Oh." That changed things. "You mean you didn't want to make out in front of a ten-year-old?"

He laughed. "Not on my to-do list." He opened his mouth like he was going to say more, but then he stopped.

"What?"

"What are your plans for the rest of the night?"

"Nothing really."

"Any interest in watching a movie or something?"

"That depends. What type?"

"We can watch a Christmas one. It's too cold to hang out here much longer, but I don't really want to turn in yet."

"Ok. Let me just tell my dad where I'm going."

"Don't worry. I'll do it. My parents are with your family. I think everyone went to see that show over at Vail Village tonight."

"Oh. Okay."

He stood up and offered his arm. "Our movie awaits."

There was something different about walking with Glen after that kiss. I knew it didn't mean anything to him, but I'd felt something I wasn't sure I wanted to feel.

"You still with me?" he asked as he opened the door to the main lobby of the building both of our families had rented condos in. We'd been spending Christmas week at the same place for years.

"Yeah, sorry."

We walked through the busy lobby, past the families chatting over by the fireplace. I didn't know what was bugging Glen, but he obviously wasn't in the mood to hang out with family either. I figured his reason didn't matter. At least I had some good company.

We took the elevator up, and he opened the door to his condo. He gestured for me to enter.

"Thanks." I glanced around to make sure he was right about no one else being home. His family was nice, but I wasn't in the mood to talk to them, especially after that kiss.

"Let's make this authentic. I'll pour us some egg nog. You flip through the stations and find something Christmassy."

I walked over to the large picture windows and looked out. It was dark, but I could still make out the shadow of the mountain. "Do you have Christmas cookies too? I mean if we're going all authentic."

"I do." He headed into the kitchen. "Be right back."

After taking a seat on the plush couch, I slipped off my boots and curled my feet up under me. His condo was a mirror image of the one I was staying in down the hall. Even the furnishings were all the same. I'd just settled on Miracle on 34th Street, the original, when he walked back in balancing two glasses of egg nog and a plate of perfectly frosted cookies. "Refreshments have arrived."

He flipped the switch on the gas fireplace and turned off all but one lamp. "Now we've got the atmosphere. Let me grab a blanket though. It's cold in here."

Glen returned a minute later with a blanket and sat down next to me. He put his arm around my shoulder. "Now we're set."

"Ice skating, hot cocoa, and now this? I'm starting to worry about you, Glen."

"You forgot the mistletoe kiss." He laid the blanket out over both of us. "You know I paid that little girl to do that."

"Oh yeah? What are child actors charging these days?"

He grinned. "You don't want to know."

I picked up my glass of egg nog, and Glen lightly tapped his glass against mine. "To our own version of Christmas Eve."

"Yes. To new traditions." I snuggled into his side. Friends could snuggle. They could also kiss under mistletoe I reminded myself. The egg nog was strong, really strong, so I tried to drink it slowly.

We watched a few minutes of the movie, but before long Glen's commentary about the film took over, and neither us were really watching it. I turned around so I could look at him better. "This was really nice. I kind of needed it tonight. I'm glad we ran into each other."

"We didn't run into each other." He leaned back against the arm of the couch, stretching out his long legs alongside my body.

"We didn't?"

"No. You stopped in time."

I smiled. "Oh yes, physically we didn't."

"You've gotten even prettier." He watched me as he sipped his egg nog. "You're probably one of those girls that's going to be even hotter in your twenties and thirties. You'll age well."

"Oh yeah? You know a lot about women in their twenties and thirties?" I set down my glass on the coffee table.

"I'm just saying, you get prettier every year." His eyes fixed on mine.

I could feel blood rushing to my face. "Well you get more attractive too."

"I do?" He sat up and grabbed me around my waist. He lay back down, pulling me with him.

"Yeah, you do. I don't know if it's going to continue into your thirties though. I can't tell."

He laughed. "You'll have to tell me then."

"You think we'll still know each other then? I mean you're only nineteen now."

"We will." He slipped his hand underneath the hem of my sweater and ran two fingers over my skin. "I know we will. That's the best part of only seeing each other once a year. There's no reason for us to start hating each other."

"That's a good point." I closed my eyes, his fingers were cool from holding the cold eggnog, and they felt good as he brushed them against my skin again and again.

"You're going to have to be careful next year. When you start school."

"Why?" I asked carefully. I didn't want to do anything that stopped him from touching me. His fingers had moved up slightly higher, and he was continuing the back and forth motion.

"Because of what you look like. Guys are going to want to take advantage of you. You need to be smart."

"I can handle guys."

"Can you?" His hand moved up even higher, and I took in a deep breath. I wasn't sure what game he was playing, but I liked it. The problem is I wanted more.

"I'm very capable of taking care of myself."

"I know you are. I just worry about you."

"You already told me that."

"And I wish you didn't live so far away."

"Didn't you just tell me it's better that we hardly see each other because we won't hate each other?"

"Yeah, that's not true. I wouldn't hate you if I saw you every day. We'd still be friends." His hand brushed right underneath my bra. Why was he talking about being friends as he touched me in a very un-friend like way?

Was he waiting for me to disagree? Was this when I was supposed to make a choice? "Do you think we always have to keep things just as friends? I mean you did hire that girl to make us kiss." I decided to continue along with his joke.

"I did."

"And you are practically feeling me up right now." I expected him to pull his hand back, and prepared myself for the lack of contact.

Instead his hand only stilled. "Does this bother you?"

"No." It didn't. The only thing that bothered me was that he was stopping. I slipped my hand under his t-shirt.

His hand started moving again, and he slipped his fingers underneath my bra, still just missing my breast. It was like torture.

"You can keep moving up you know. I like the way your hand feels."

"Were you telling me the truth when you told me about that guy?"

"Hmm?" I didn't really want to talk about any other guy.

"The one you said you slept with. We were texting at like one a.m. a few months ago."

"That was actually three a.m. for me."

"Same difference. Were you telling me the truth?"

"Yes." Why was he doing this? Why was he bringing up bad memories?

"And it was really that bad? You really didn't enjoy it?"

"Are you trying to embarrass me?"

"No. I'm just asking. I hate that your first experience with a guy sucked like that. A girl like you deserves better."

"And who's going to give me better? You?"

"I wish."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

He pulled his hand out from under my shirt. "We shouldn't be doing this."

"Why not? I'm eighteen and we're not kids anymore. We've known each other for years."

"Because my parents could be home at any time."

"They won't be back for an hour, and you have your own room. Why can't we move there?" I wasn't sure why I was pushing for it so hard, but once the possibility entered my mind, I wanted it.

His jovial flirtatious side disappeared and was replaced by a seriousness that was at odds with his usual personality. "See this is why you're going to get yourself hurt next year."

"I'm not going to get hurt." I didn't think, I just acted. I pressed my lips against his as I climbed onto his lap, straddling him while he still reclined on the couch. He didn't respond at first, but then moments later he was pushing for access to my mouth. I gladly gave it. He hand moved under my sweater again, but this time he pushed it right under my bra, cupping my breast in the same motion. He squeezed my breast as his tongue continued to move with mine.

I struggled with his belt, wanting to feel him in my hand. Wanting to know if he wanted me the same way I wanted him. He helped me, easing his zipper down, and adjusting himself before letting me take him in my hand. He groaned, squeezing my breast harder as I stroked him. He broke the kiss. "Not out here."

I moved off his lap, releasing him so I could walk toward the room I knew was his. He caught up with me, closing and locking the door before he nearly tackled me to the bed. He leaned over me. "You're such a trouble maker."

"So are you. What's the problem?" I sat up enough to pull off my sweater. He'd already unclasped my bra, so it just hung off me. Before I could get rid of it he did it himself. He lowered his mouth down to my breast. I reached for him again. He released my breast. "Want me to make that easier for you?"

"Yes." This was happening. I was going to have sex for the second time, and this time was going to be so much better than the first.

He pushed off his jeans and boxers, standing there in only his shirt. "I guess I should take this off too." He tossed his shirt.

My eyes widened as I watched him standing there completely naked. He was so muscular, so strong. "Now I feel overdressed," I joked, hoping he'd get the hint and get rid of my jeans. He got the hint all right. He had my jeans, panties, and socks off all at once.

"You're so damn beautiful." He just stood there looking at me. "And so innocent."

I sat up slightly.

"We can't do this." He started getting dressed.

"Wait. What? You're stopping again?" I held my sweater up against my chest. "Why? I thought you said I was beautiful?" I could feel the tears stinging in the corners of my eyes.

"Too beautiful for someone like me." He grabbed the rest of his clothes. "Do us both a favor and get dressed and get out of here before I get back. We can pretend this never happened." He didn't look back. He disappeared out the doorway.

I lay there motionless for a moment. What had just happened? Had Glenn undressed me and rejected me? Too beautiful for him? What bullshit. I'd never been more humiliated in my entire life. I snapped out of my daze and quickly got dressed.

I knew I could do one of two things. I could run and hide, or I could face him head on. I ran out of his condo and downstairs. I couldn't find him at first, but finally there he was. He was right by the ice rink. He turned around and his eyes met mine. He scowled and turned away.

It was as though someone had punched me in the gut. My stomach churned, and I could feel the egg nog coming up. After one last glance at Glen's back, I ran upstairs to our condo.

"Savy, is that you?" Dad called when I walked in.

"Oh, hi, Dad." I tried to pull myself together. I hadn't expected anyone to be there.

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. I need to talk to you though."

"About what?" Dad patted the seat next to him on the couch.

I stayed standing. "Can we leave after tomorrow and do something just us?" I crossed my fingers that he'd agree. I couldn't risk facing Glen again.

His face fell. "I'm actually planning to leave on Monday anyway. I've got a meeting."

"Oh, well then I might leave at the same time."

"You want to see your mom?"

Technically that was true even though she definitely wouldn't be home. "Yeah. Would you mind changing my ticket?"

"It's fine, but I'll let you tell your grandparents."

"Thanks, Dad." I stood up. "I'm going to turn in."

In the end the only flight Dad could get me on was the next night. I plastered a smile on my face during the Christmas festivities for the sake of my family, but I didn't leave the condo. I held myself together as best I could, and before I knew it I was saying goodbye to my dad at the airport.

It wasn't until I was seated on the plane that I let the tears start. I was never going back. Nothing could make me face Glen again. I'd never been more humiliated in my life. I'd visit my grandparents another time. I'd make it up to them for running out. I was going to be okay, but I was never going to be the same. And neither was Christmas.

Chapter Two

Savannah

One Year Later

"Savannah, you ready?" Jade asked from the doorway. By the end of first semester she'd become one of my best friends at Harrison University. We'd bonded over the fact that neither of us really belonged in a sorority. We faked it well though. Although we didn't go out together a lot, we spent a lot of late nights talking and trying to settle into our new lives at school.

"I think so, but I wish you could help me come up with an excuse to get me out of this."

She sat down on the end of my bed. "It's the holidays with your family. Whether you want to go or not, it's pretty much required."

"You don't understand how awkward this is going to be."

"Because of Glen?" Jade had heard me recount the embarrassing story a few times. She had her own stories, so I never felt like she was judging me.

"Yes. And then add on having to meet my dad's new girlfriend and her kids. This is going to be awful." I'd completely planned on convincing Dad to let us go somewhere else for the holidays, but he shot that idea down quickly.

"My holidays are going to be boring. Trust me." She yawned and leaned back. "So feel free to call me anytime."

"I'm going to take you up on that."

"Good. Just remember there's nothing to be embarrassed of. You're a strong, beautiful girl. He's the idiot who let you get away."

"Have you always been this good at pep talks?"

"No, but we've got to get going, or you're going to miss your flight."

"Okay, okay." I got up and started collecting my stuff. "You know it's not too late. You could still go with me."

"And my parents would love that." She laughed. "Not that I wouldn't jump on an all-expense paid ski vacation."

"Fine, I see how it is," I teased. "Let's go. I wouldn't want to be later." Of course it's exactly what I wanted to be.

She grabbed one of my bags. "Funny, I was just thinking the same thing."

We took the elevator down to the lobby and walked outside. I wasn't surprised to see Juliet's car already parked out in front of my dorm. I was running a full ten minutes behind schedule.

"Hey!" Juliet hopped out of her car. "Ready to go?"

I smiled at my sorority big sister. She was one of the reasons I'd joined Delta Mu in the first place. "Unfortunately, yes. Sorry I was late."

"Don't worry about being late, and it's going to be fine. You'll be back here before you know it."

"I was just telling her the exact same thing," Jade opened the passenger door of Juliet's car. "And she's stalling so she'll miss her flight. She can't. She needs to go and face Glen."

"Yes she does," Juliet opened her door. "Have a great break, Jade!"

I hugged Jade goodbye. "I'm calling you tonight."

"Good. You're going to be fine."

"Thanks." I held onto her a moment longer. I was going to miss my college home. It had taken me a while to get used to it, but now I didn't want to leave.

As soon as I got in Juliet pulled away from the curb. "You know you can call me anytime too."

"I know. And I might."

She smiled. "Good."

The ride to the airport went entirely too fast, and before I knew it I was saying goodbye to Juliet and sitting in the boarding area for my flight.

My phone vibrated in my pocket, it was my dad. "Hello."

"Hey, Dalton's flight out of Atlanta was cancelled, so he's going to be on yours. Don't be alarmed if a guy approaches you."

"How would he know it's me, Dad?" I knew Dalton was the son of my Dad's new girlfriend, but I had no clue what he looked like.

"He's seen your picture." Dad made it sound like that was obvious. I'd never seen a picture of Dalton.

"Great."

"Just be polite." I could hear the worry in his voice. "His mother's important to me."

"Got it. I'll be on my best behavior."

"I'm excited to see you. This is going to be fun."

"Are you sure we're all going to be able to squeeze in to the condo together? It's not too late for me to find something else to do for the week."

"You're coming, Savy. The squishing in part is only going to make it more fun."

"You already said that."

"I'm reminding you."

They announced pre-boarding over the loud speaker. "I've got to go, Dad. They're getting ready to board."

"Be safe. See you in a few hours."

"See you soon." I slipped my phone into the back pocket of my jeans and got in line to board the plane. I found my seat and closed my eyes. My attempt to sleep lasted all of five minutes before I gave up. I was way too nervous for that.

The flight to Atlanta was short, and I only had about a thirty minute layover. Hopefully I'd have time to hit up the bathroom and grab something to eat.

I waited impatiently to get off the plane and high tailed it to the bathroom. I finished and checked the flight boards. My flight had moved. I now had to make it to the C concourse, and I was in A. I was going to have to run if I wanted to make it. It would take too long to wait for the shuttle train. Forget getting a snack.

Exhausted, I made it to the gate just in time to hear them announce that the flight was delayed.

"Fabulous, flipping fabulous." I let my bag slide off my arm onto the floor.

"Your dad was right, you do have an attitude."

I glanced up to see a very amused guy with black hair walking over. He was cute in that boy next door kind of way. "Uh, hi. Are you Dalton?"

He held out his hand. "Pleasure to meet you, Savannah."

I accepted the handshake. "Nice to meet you too." I pushed my bag back onto my arm. "Sorry, I ran across half the airport for nothing."

"I get that. I did the same thing only to find out my flight was cancelled."

"Isn't it great how they do that? They can't tell you right when you get off your flight or anything?"

"That would make things too easy." He smiled. "Can I take that bag for you?"

"Oh, no thanks. But I appreciate the offer."

"Let me know if you change your mind. By the way, have you eaten? It sounds like we have some time to kill."

My stomach growled, answering his question.

He laughed. "All right, let's go grab some grub."

We settled on a bar and grill. Dalton ordered me a beer, pretending he wanted two for himself. Possible future step-brother was already earning points. I needed something to help cut my nerves.

"My little sister is going to love you." Dalton poured some ketchup onto his fries.

"Oh yeah?"

"You're kind of her idol."

"Uh, she doesn't even know me." The only thing I knew about her was that her name was Laney, and she was a year younger than me.

"She knows you're a Delta Mu at Harrison. She's kind of obsessed."

"My dad mentioned she'd applied there."

"She applied early decision. She finds out anytime now."

"Oh wow." I wasn't sure how I felt about that. Hopefully the girl was cool. "But why does she care what sorority I'm in?" I didn't know anything about Greek life before joining. I probably wouldn't have at all if it hadn't been an excuse to get to campus a week earlier.

"Our mom was Delta Mu at Eastern."

"Oh, ok. That makes more sense."

"I never really saw the appeal of the Greek thing, but to each their own." He took a bite of his burger.

"I didn't either, but it's been fun. I've made some good friends."

"Making friends is good." He smiled.

"Is that your way of making fun of me? Of saying I couldn't make friends another way?"

He set his burger down. "You're the one who said it. I was just agreeing with you. Friends are important, especially in college."

"Sorry to jump on you like that." The thought of seeing Glen again had me in a bad mood. I needed to try to stop taking it out on other people.

"You're really tense. What's that about?"

"No comment." I sipped my beer.

He shrugged. "Fair enough."

I moved the conversation off of me. "You go to Ridgeview, right?"

"Yeah, but only for a few more months."

"Nice. Excited to graduate?"

"Not really." He sipped his beer. "It just means facing the real world."

"I'm just starting, so the thought of being done seems light years away."

"It goes fast, really fast."

"That's what everyone says." I took another bite of my wrap. It wasn't particularly good or satisfying, but at least I had beer to wash it down.

"So you're the resident Vail expert. What exciting things do we have in store for us this week?" Dalton leaned back in his seat.

"Aside from skiing or snowboarding?"

"Which do you do?" he asked.

"I snowboard."

"Nice, same here."

"To answer your question, there's everything snow related you could want. It's a fun time usually."

"Only usually?" He asked.

I shrugged. "Long story."

"I don't mind long stories. Plus we've got plenty of time."

"Ok, then a long story I don't want to share."

"That's honest. I'm guessing this has something to do with your bad mood." Dalton finished off his burger.

"I'm not in a bad mood."

He laughed. "Ok. Relax. I'll figure it out eventually anyway."

We finished up our food and Dalton insisted on paying the tab. I assumed my dad would pay him back for it later. "We should probably head back over to the gate. Let's hope the flight doesn't get further delayed."

Before long our plane loaded. I was seated about five rows behind Dalton, and someone offered to switch seats so we could sit together. I didn't mind sitting alone and told the man not to worry about it, but I appreciated the thoughtfulness of the passenger. It looked like some people still had the holiday spirit.

Chapter Three

Glen

"What the hell is going on with you?" Winston yelled from behind me.

"Nothing." I continued gazing out at the interstate below. If I looked out the window in the kitchen I could get a tiny view of Vail Mountain across the way.

"Bullshit. You've been moping around all week. Is this about your parents?"

"No." I wasn't looking forward to seeing them, but I was dreading seeing someone else more. Dreading, yet counting down to it. Maybe miraculously she'd have forgotten what had happened-and that I never explained myself. A year later and I still couldn't get that devastated look of Savy's out of my head, neither of the devastated looks.

"Then it's the girl."

"What girl?" I whirled around to look at my roommate. Winston and I weren't friends when I first moved in the year before, but he'd grown on me. We'd met through a mutual friend, and so far he'd been a decent roommate.

"The one who stops you from getting any real action."

"There's no girl." There wasn't. Not for me. I'd hurt Savy, but it had been the right thing to do. She deserved someone better. Her whole life was about people disappointing her, and I refused to be another one added to her list.

"There's a girl. Savy is it?"

"Where'd you hear that name?" Winston may have been growing on me, but I didn't want him anywhere near her. I didn't want anyone near her.

"I've heard it from you. You talk in your sleep."

"No really. Where did you hear it?"

He leaned back against the counter. "Really. She's the same girl in that picture on your phone. She has to be."

"What the hell? Are you stalking me or something?"

"No. You just leave your phone out all the time. You're obsessed. How often do you jack off to that picture? Four times a week?"

More like every night. "Never. She's just an old friend. Drop it."

"What I'm trying to figure out is why you're obsessing even more right now? It's got to mean she's here."

I ignored him. Maybe he'd go away.

"Yes, I'm right. I bet she's staying over where your parents are at Lionshead."

"I told you to drop it."

"She's hot."

"Shut up."

"No really. I've seen the picture. I get it."

I spun around. "Don't even talk about her."

"I get it."

"What do you get?" I snapped. Winston was seriously getting on my nerves. He had no idea what he was talking about and needed to stay out of it.

"She's underage. That's the problem."

"She's not underage."

"She looks pretty young."

"She's nineteen now." Nineteen and three months and six days. Not that I was obsessed enough to know those details.

"How old was she in the picture?"

"Eighteen. Okay. She's not a kid." Not by age. She was only a year younger than me, but sometimes she seemed so much younger. She was so trusting of the wrong people.

"And have you done her?"

"This conversation is over. I'm going out for a run."

"It's dark."

"Like that matters." I put on my shoes and zipped up my jacket before heading out into the cold night.

I'd almost had her. I'd almost experienced what I'd craved for years. The small taste I'd had still drove me crazy a year later. I could picture every inch of that amazing body of hers, and when I let myself, I could imagine another outcome. An outcome where I'd taken what she'd offered. But I hadn't. I'd left her better off. She'd blocked me from every social media platform imaginable so I had no idea how she'd been. I hoped she'd found someone better. Someone who deserved her.

I'd started to call her a few times, but I'd always stopped. What could I possible say? I'd destroyed our friendship that night, and a phone call wasn't going to change that. Nothing could change it.

I pushed myself as hard as I could during my run. I needed to burn off the stress so I could face whatever this week held.

Chapter Four

Savannah

"When did you get so skinny?" Dad pulled me into a hug as soon as I entered baggage claim.

"Gee, great to see you too." I self-consciously wrapped my Delta Mu sweatshirt tighter around me.

"I am paying for a full meal plan for you, aren't I?" Dad was hard to read. Sometimes it was tough to tell if he was joking or not.

"I eat, Dad. I'm not too skinny, this sweatshirt is just oversized."

"You're skin and bones."

I wasn't. I wasn't overweight, but I wasn't under. I was in the best shape I'd been in my whole life thanks to living near the campus fitness center. "And you look fantastic. Let's move on."

"Hi, George. It's great to see you." Dalton held out his hand to Dad. He winked at me. Maybe he understood how frustrating parents could be.

"Hey, Dalton. It's great to see you again." Dad did that whole guy half hug thing.

Dalton stepped back after the hug. "How's it going? I'm guessing my mom's back at the place?"

"Yeah, we knew it would be tight to pile everyone in."

"And you drew the short straw."

Dad laughed. "No, I couldn't wait to see you guys. I haven't seen Savy in months it feels like."

"It's been four months. Not too bad for us."

Dad patted my back. "Glad you're still full of all that sunshine and rainbows."

"That's our plane." I walked over to the baggage carousel that displayed our flight number. Dad had embarrassed me with the weight comment. Did he have to say it in front of Dalton?

The carousel started up, and I watched for my bag. I usually avoided checking bags when I could, but it's hard in the winter when everything you need to wear is big and bulky. At least I hadn't had to worry about bringing my snowboard or anything. My dad always took care of that for me.

Dalton reached around me to grab his bag. The crowd started to thin out.

"Looks like your bag didn't make it, hun," Dad said calmly from behind me.

"It's here. It has to be here." There was no way I was spending the week with only the one extra set of clothes I'd packed in my carry on.

After watching the same two bags circle around another few times I was ready to face the truth. I groaned. "I'll go fill out the lost luggage form."

Dad put a hand on my shoulder. "They'll find it and bring it over. Until then I'm sure you can borrow some clothes from Laney. You're nearly the same size."

"I'll wear my own." Borrowing clothes from his girlfriend's daughter? Not exactly ideal.

Twenty minutes later we were finally getting into Dad's rental car.

I gladly took the passenger seat. Sometimes it was perfectly fine to play the girl card.

"Cheer up, you'll get your stuff."

"I'm fine. Really." I certainly wasn't going to tell him what really had me in a bad mood. There was a strong likelihood that I was going to be facing Glen in just a few hours. Hopefully I could avoid seeing him alone at all.

"How were your flights?" Dad asked casually. "In the end it worked out that you both got in at the same time."

"They went fine. It was nice getting to meet Savannah early too." Dalton hadn't struck me as a kiss up. Maybe he was telling the truth.

"That is nice. I think you guys are really going to have fun this week. We have some great activities planned."

Planned activities? That wasn't something we ever did.

"Oh, great. I'm excited. This is my first time out in Vail," Dalton chatted away.

"It's probably too late to head out tonight, but tomorrow morning the weather's supposed to be great."

"Great. I can't wait." I couldn't. Despite my dislike of the cold, I did love snowboarding when I was wearing the right gear. I'd stuffed my ski jacket into my carry on. That was a lucky break.

"How are the rooms going to work?" Dalton asked.

"That depends."

"On?" I asked quickly. This had better not be when my dad told me I'd be sleeping on the pull out couch.

"Your mom and I thought it might be nice to let the girls have the third bedroom together if you'd be ok with the couch, Dalton."

"That's fine with me. Sharing a room with Laney isn't exactly my favorite thing."

"Great, glad that's settled." Dad smiled. "And Savy, you and Laney will be fine. I bet it's going to be a blast. No keeping everyone up with your giggling and girl talk."

I put my head in the palm of my hand. "I wouldn't worry about that. We're not twelve."

Dalton laughed. I got the sense he wasn't laughing at me so it didn't bother me.

The drive from Denver to Vail was pretty typical. The roads were clear, and despite the extra holiday traffic it didn't take more than two and a half hours. Even so, I had to go to the bathroom so bad by the time we reached our exit that I wasn't sure I was going to make it.

I couldn't wait until we got up to our room. I ran into the lobby bathroom. Feeling much better, I took a minute to look at my reflection in the mirror. I ran my fingers through my hair to straighten it out, but there was nothing I could do about the dark circles under my eyes. A night of fitful sleep and a day of airports had left their mark.

I walked out into the lobby where my Dad and Dalton were waiting. "Feeling better?" Dad smiled.

"Much." Lost baggage was one thing, but lost baggage and a bursting bladder was another.

We walked into the elevator, and I tried to ignore the memories that flooded me. The last time I'd gone up in that elevator had been during that night with Glen. Stop I told myself. There is nothing good that could come from going down memory lane.

We'd barely made it a few steps down the hall when a door flung open.

"Dalton!" A girl with her long brown hair tied into a side ponytail ran out and hugged Dalton around the waist. "You're finally here!"

He laughed. "Hey, Laney."

"Hey, you must be Savannah." She grinned and held out a hand. "I'm Laney."

"Hi Laney. Nice to meet you."

"Dalton?" A dark haired woman walked out into the hall. She grinned when she saw him and pulled him into a hug. Then she turned her attention to me. "It's wonderful to finally meet you, Savannah."

I smiled politely and held out a hand. I knew better than to worry too much. I'd tried so hard with Mac, and he'd never warmed up to me. I figured Gina wouldn't be any different. "Great to meet you."

We walked inside and Dad hugged Gina. Hadn't they just seen each other hours before? I refused to dwell on it. If he was happy, who was I to get in the way?

"How did the pick-up go?" Gina asked him.

"Good, except for Savannah's bag doing the disappearing act."

"Oh no. I hate when that happens." Gina seemed legitimately distressed for me. "Did you fill out the form?"

"Yeah, hopefully it just missed the Atlanta flight."

"If there's anything you need while you wait I'm sure between Laney and me we'll have you covered. And if it doesn't show by tomorrow we'll just have to shop." She grinned. "Wouldn't that be too bad?"

"I brought so much more stuff than I actually need," Laney added. "I'm sure my stuff will fit you."

"Thanks." There were definitely some benefits to having other girls around.

"Where's Grandma and Grandpa?" I was surprised they hadn't been waiting at the door.

"They're having dinner with the Maxtons tonight. They were going to wait, but then your flight was delayed."

The Maxtons. My stomach churned. That was Glen's family. I grabbed the bag I did have and followed Laney into the room we'd be sharing. It was the smallest of the rooms, and it had two twin sized beds inside. "I took this one. Hope you don't mind." She sat down on the one closest to the window.

"It's totally fine." I dropped my stuff and looked around.

"You've been here a ton, right?"

"Yeah. We've been coming here for years."

"Is there anything to do at night?"

"Underage? Not much. We usually hang out in the hot tubs and in the lobby and stuff. There's ice skating and restaurants downstairs, but it gets pretty crowded."

"Cool. Hopefully we'll find some cute guys."

I smiled. "Maybe you will."

"Are you not into guys? Or do you a boyfriend?"

"No boyfriend, but I'm definitely into guys. I'm just not looking for any here."

"Oh. Ok. I guess I look for guys everywhere. Maybe that changes in college."

I laughed. "It doesn't really change. It's just different."

"You're a Delta Mu at Harrison, right?" She pointed at my sweatshirt. My sorority affiliation was a really popular topic of conversation.

"Yup."

"If I get into Harrison that's the house I want to pledge."

"Your brother said that. When do you find out?"

"Any day now. Otherwise I'll just have to wait until the regular decision window in the spring."

"I applied early decision too, but they let us know before Thanksgiving last year."

"Lucky."

I smiled. At the time I'd been waiting on pins and needles so I could definitely relate to how Laney felt. "I guess I was."

"Are you tired, or would you want to walk around? We just got here a few hours ago, and I haven't done anything yet."

"Sure. Want to get some coffee or something? There's a great cafe we can check out."

"That sounds great!" Laney was so enthusiastic about everything. I really hoped it rubbed off on me.

Before we headed downstairs I quickly sent a text to Jade. Made it in one piece. Girlfriend's kids are actually cool.

Yay! Keep me posted!

I pocketed my phone. It was time for my first peppermint latte of the season.

Chapter Five

Savannah

After sleeping in the next morning, Laney, Dalton, and I headed out to the mountain. I'd slept surprisingly well, and I was once again glad I had a day's worth of clothes even without my bag. We waited in line for the gondola. My board was heavy in my hands, but I couldn't wait to get onto the slopes. Nothing would clear my head like the rush of the wind and the snow beneath me.

"Excited yet?" Dalton asked from next to me. "Nothing like the first run is there?"

"Can't wait." I was glad they knew how to snowboard too. Not that I would have minded going by myself or with my Dad, but hanging out with Dalton and Laney was more fun than I expected.

We finally got close to boarding the gondola, and we moved under the covered area which helped cut the wind.

Laney tugged on my sleeve. "Hot guy alert."

I laughed to myself. Did I ever sound like that? I glanced up. "Who?"

"That one. His back is to us. In the blue jacket."

The only guy in my line of vision wearing blue was one of the people running the gondola. I waited for him to turn around, wondering if Laney and I had the same taste in men.

"How many?" The guy turned to us.

And my chest clenched.

"Savy?" Glen's voice cut through me. But what the heck was he doing working the gondola?

I looked away. "Let's squeeze onto that one." I pointed to a crowded gondola.

Dalton looked at me like I was crazy. "Or we can wait a minute more and not squish those people."

"I'll see you guys up there." I darted to the gondola car that was just about to cross the no loading zone. I secured my board and hopped on. Laney and Dalton followed.

Dalton grabbed my sleeve as soon as he got on. "Do you know that guy?"

I looked away, hoping he'd drop it since we were packed in with a family.

"Savy? Can we talk?" Glen called out after us.

I shook my head. "There's nothing to talk about." The door shut, and we started up the mountain.

"Ok, what's the story there?" Laney grinned. "And hot or not, I get he's off limits."

"He's not off-limits." I had no hold on Glen. Clearly I wasn't what he wanted.

Laney rolled her eyes. "Yeah...."

I sat forward so I could look out the window at the snowy landscape. The gondola car was hot and stuffy, but I knew I was overheating for another reason. I'd been worried about running into Glen in the lobby, but not like that. Why was he working here?

"You don't have to tell me about it, but I'm here if you want to talk." Laney unzipped her jacket slightly. The stuffy car must have been getting to her too.

"Thanks." I didn't want to take my stress out on her.

"But you do have to tell me." Dalton crossed his arms.

"Why?"

"Because I can't help you if I don't know what's going on."

"I don't need your help." I looked back out the window.

We reached the top of the mountain and our car moved inside. We got off. I pulled on my hat as we walked out from under the building.

Dalton didn't waste a second before jumping in again. "Come on. Who is that guy? Has he bothered you before?"

"Bother isn't the right word." I ran my gloved hand over my board. "Let's go."

"If he bothers you, you'll tell me, right?" Dalton asked.

"Your little sister is standing over there. Don't confuse us."

"I can still worry about someone harassing you."

"He's not harassing me." I adjusted the strap of my bindings. "Let's go."

Although I sometimes liked to challenge myself with a black diamond, I was more of a blue slope person. I wanted to be able to enjoy the ride without worrying every second of the way.

My dad had been right about the weather. The sun was shining, and the wind was manageable. I enjoyed every second of my ride down the slope. The beautiful mountains were a change of pace from the palm trees of Charleston.

We spent the rest of the morning snowboarding while using the chairlifts and avoiding the gondola at all costs. To his credit, Dalton hadn't given me a hard time about it. Finally, a little after noon we went all the way back down to the base of the mountain.

I grabbed my board and met up with the others. "Anyone hungry?"

"Starving." Laney put a hand on her stomach.

"Let's go over to Bart and Yeti's. They've got really good sandwiches. Hopefully the wait isn't too long." I glanced over my shoulder and saw him. "On second thought why don't we just eat back at the condo."

"Why?" Dalton followed my line of vision. He shook his head. "No. You are not allowed to let that guy dictate what you do."

"You guys enjoy lunch. We can meet up later." My stomach churned as Glen came closer. He'd seen me, and he wasn't turning around.

"No." Dalton put a hand on my shoulder. "Running from a problem never fixes it."

"You sound like my dad."

"And your dad's a smart guy."

"Please, I'll see you guys later." I shrugged Dalton off.

"Savy!" Glen called out as he got closer.

Dalton gave me a look, and I sighed. I turned around and waited for Glen to catch up.

He stood right in front of us. "Hey."

I swallowed hard. "Hi."

"How are you?" He stuffed his hands in his pockets. "You never said goodbye."

Was he serious? Was that how he was going to handle this? "You said it for both of us." I fought the tears that wanted to spill.

"Savy. Come on. I'm sorry."

"Don't call me that."

"Why? Your friends always call you Savy."

"Emphasis on friends."

Laney coughed.

Glen finally looked at the others with me. "Can we please talk? I'll buy you lunch."

"No thanks, I've got lunch plans." At least I had an excuse.

"We need to talk." He reached out a hand to me.

I stepped back. "There's nothing to say." Finally I decided to ask the burning question. "Since when do you work here?"

"I'll tell you over lunch." He smiled. He was trying to slip back into his joking banter.

Not going to happen. "I already told you I have plans."

"You haven't introduced me to your friends."

"No I haven't." I looped my arms through Laney's. "Let's go." I turned around.

"Savy. Come on. Don't be like this. It's been a year," he pleaded.

I turned back. "Yes. It has been. It's been a year since the most embarrassing night of my life, and I'd rather not remember it." Too bad I remembered it constantly. I remembered the way his eyes looked me over as he rejected me.

"Listen, I don't know what's going on here, but it's obvious you're making her uncomfortable, so I think you should back off." Dalton put an arm around me.

"You're right. You don't know what's going on, and it's none of your business." Glen scowled.

"Actually it is my business." Wow, maybe this protective stuff wasn't so bad.

"Why? Are you with this guy, Savy? Because he's too old for you."

I laughed dryly. "He's younger than the guys I usually date." I regretted the words the moment they left my mouth. Now I was going to have to explain that comment away before it got back to my dad.

Glen's expression hardened. "Is It really so easy for you to throw out ten years of friendship?"

"You were the one who threw it away."

He gritted his teeth. "No I didn't. I did the right thing."

"The right thing?"

"Yeah. The right thing." He lowered his voice.

"I've got to go." I turned again.

"I'm not giving up on you. You're here all week."

"You gave up on me a year ago," I said in barely a whisper as I continued on through the village. I hoped Laney and Dalton would follow.

***

"You're going to have to tell me eventually." Dalton watched me intently at lunch as I picked at my salad. After Laney assured me we'd leave if Glen came into the restaurant, I'd agreed to go out to eat. Still, I found myself looking over my shoulder at the entrance every so often.

"Why should I? It's none of your business."

"It is my business now."

"Just because my dad is dating your mom doesn't mean you have some sort of right to intrude on my life."

"They're not just dating." Laney tied her straw wrapper into tiny knots. "They're serious."

"Whatever. It still doesn't mean he can butt into my life." Clearly I knew that inviting the woman and her kids meant Dad was serious, but hearing her kids say it brought the point home.

Dalton dipped a fry in ketchup. "It means I can care. What did the guy do to you?"

"Just drop it, Dalton. She doesn't want you butting in. I can relate." Laney rolled her eyes.

"Ok, then how about we move on. What did you mean when you said I was younger than most of the guys you date? I'm twenty-two. You're nineteen."

"Yeah, so." I ate another crouton. They were the best part of the Caesar salad.

"Yeah, so... why are you dating guys older than twenty-two? You shouldn't be dating guys out of college."

"Says who?" I set down my fork. Dalton was starting to get on my nerves. He barely knew me, and he had no right to question my dating choices.

"Says anyone, including your dad. I guarantee he's going to have a problem with it."

"He's not going to know." I gripped the table. My dad wasn't going to take well to that news. He always told me to become friends with guys before I dated them. It's not like I'd been sleeping around the city of Charleston, but after my Glen experience I made sure to date men I wouldn't have to see again if I didn't want to. That took all college boys off the table.

"It's your choice. Either tell me about the guy or I tell your dad about your recent dating experiences."

"Are you serious?" I pushed my chair back. "Are you that much of an asshole?"

Laney put her hands out toward each of us. "Whoa. Just calm down. Dalton, she's right. You're being an asshole. Savannah, I apologize for my brother."

Dalton glared at his sister. "I don't understand how trying to help someone makes me the asshole."

"Because I don't want your help. I don't need it." I was ready to hit the slopes again. At least no one bothered you as you went down the mountain.

"Fine." He sighed. "Forget it."

"Good." I pushed my seat in. "Can't we try to get along for a week?"

"There's a simple solution here. We ditch Dalton after lunch." Laney smiled. "I swear I'm not going to annoy you or ask you questions that are none of my business." She frowned at her brother.

"You're not ditching me. You think I'm okay with you hanging out with a girl with baggage and a history of dating older men?"

"You have got to be kidding me." I didn't think. I acted on instinct. I tossed my entire glass of water in his face. I didn't fully comprehend what I'd done until Laney started laughing uncontrollably. "Don't worry. I'll stay away from both of you."

The hostess looked at me like I had two heads as I stormed out of the restaurant. Whatever. I was tired of caring what people thought of me. I headed back to the condo, belatedly remembering my board. I'd have to go back for it later.

"Savannah!" Laney yelled after me.

I didn't stop. The girl seemed nice, but she was related to Dalton, so who knew when she'd turn off the charm and show her true colors. "Savannah, wait up!"

I stopped a few feet outside the restaurant. People were starting to stare. "You don't have to do this."

"Do what?" Laney caught up with me.

"Try to make up excuses for your brother. He doesn't like me. I get it."

"He doesn't dislike you."

I laughed dryly. "He pretty much just called me a whore and a bad influence."

"He's just over protective because of stuff that happened with our mom before, and he's taking it out on you. It's not fair, but he's only doing it because he cares."

"Yeah, he's definitely taking it out on me, but I'm not going to pretend he actually likes me."

She touched my sleeve to get me to slow down. "I'm serious."

"I'm heading up to the room." As great as hitting the slopes sounded, I wasn't willing to risk running into Glen again so soon.

"I'll join you. I'll text Dalton and have him grab our boards."

"Whatever you want." I walked the rest of way up to the building. Laney didn't try to talk to me again the whole way up. The condo was empty at least.

I noticed a message light blinking on the phone. I picked it up and listened. My bags had been delivered to the front desk. I called down, and they said they'd bring them up. "Well, at least my bags were found."

"Awesome. Although I wouldn't have minded sharing." Laney smiled from her spot next to me.

"You really don't have to sit around with me. Go enjoy the mountain."

"I'd rather just relax. It's cold."

I shrugged. "Suit yourself, but it's going to be really boring."

"What's going to be boring?" Dalton pushed his way into the condo lugging all three boards.

"Thanks." I grabbed my board. "You didn't have to grab mine."

"No I didn't." He gestured to his chest. "Considering you thought it was appropriate to douse me with water."

"You deserved it." I grabbed my stuff and moved into my room. Hopefully Laney would get the hint not to follow.

Chapter Six

Glen

All thoughts of staying away disappeared the moment I saw her. She looked older, her face seemed a little bit thinner and her hair was longer, but otherwise it was still the same Savy. What wasn't the same was the guy who had his arm around her like she somehow belonged with him. She didn't.

It was bad enough when she blew me off the first time I saw her, but to blow me off again? I'd thought leaving Savy alone was best for her, but maybe it wasn't. She didn't look happy, and I refused to believe all of it came from being upset at seeing me. There was a sadness in her eyes that went much deeper than an awkward meeting, and I was going to find out what exactly had happened. I was going to make that sadness disappear. It was Christmas time. Savy lived for the holidays. I'd bring that joy back to her. I just wasn't sure how.

Once she disappeared from sight I jogged back down to the gondola. I didn't need to add being fired to the list of activities for the day. I'd offered to take Savy to lunch, but my break wasn't for another half hour.

Winston gave me a shit-eating grin as soon as I saw him. Luckily I'd been able to avoid him after the first run in. "What were you saying? The girl's just a friend?"

"Shut up. I'm too busy to deal with this."

"Sure, sure."

"Do you think she was with that guy?" I hated to even bring the discussion up with Winston, but I wanted his take. He clearly felt invested in it.

"I couldn't tell. You've never seen him before?"

"Nope, but I haven't seen or spoken to her in a year so it's hard to know."

"Whether she's with him or not, you have to make your move."

"I'm not making any move. I just want my friend back."

"That's bullshit. You don't want to be that girl's friend."

A woman glared at us. I guess we were talking loudly. I lowered my voice. "Just drop it for now."

"You're the one who brought the guy up."

"I can't let this go."

"I'll handle it," Winston said with surprising resolve. I wasn't sure why he even cared. "It's going to work."

"You'll handle it? No thank you."

"Trust me, I know how to work these things."

"Sure." I wasn't leaving anything up to him.

"Trust me on this."

I noticed our boss walking over. "Fine. Drop it for now."

Winston caught the direction of my gaze. "Fine. We'll talk tonight." We got back to loading the gondolas, and I tried to keep thoughts of Savy at bay. It was impossible. She was the only thing on my mind.

***

"What did you do to her?" Winston tossed a beer over to where I sat on the couch.

"What makes you think I did something?"

"I saw the panic on her face when she saw you. Besides, I was giving you the benefit of the doubt and assuming you don't just repel woman on sight."

"Very funny." I popped off the top and gulped down some of the cold liquid. I'd cut back on a lot of things since getting cut off from my parents, but I still hadn't settled for cheap bear. I needed my IPAs.

"Just tell me. What did you do? Mess around behind her back? Sleep with her sister or something?"

"We weren't together. It's more complicated."

"Complicated?" He sat down on the ancient chair across from me. "I doubt it. Women are pretty simple to understand once you spend enough time with them."

I laughed dryly. "Yeah, I bet you understand them."

"Are you going to tell me or are you just going to mope around for the rest of the week?"

"I wouldn't have sex with her." There I'd said it.

"Uh... what?" Whatever he was expecting, that wasn't it.

"You heard me."

"Is there a reason you didn't have sex with the girl... based on the amount of time you spend jerking off to her picture I assume you find her attractive?"

"Shut up. And of course there was a reason."

"And....?" He gestured with his hand.

"She deserved better. I'd just found out about school, and I knew I couldn't give her what she needed. We'd been friends for years, and I couldn't just use her like that. She deserved more."

"And when did you tell her this?"

"Why does it matter?"

"I'm hoping you rejected the girl before you took her home with you."

"She was naked."

"What?" he spit out his beer. "Are you fucking serious?"

"Yeah." I set down my beer on the table. "I couldn't. I wanted her so bad, but it wasn't worth it."

"Let me get this straight. You got the girl naked and told her you couldn't have sex with her because she deserved better?"

"I think the actual words I used were she was too beautiful and innocent."

"And then what?"

"I walked out and told her to be scarce before I got back."

"Are you the biggest idiot on earth?" His eyes were nearly bugging out of his head.

"I didn't know what to do. I couldn't trust myself."

"Did you see her again or did you leave it at that?"

"I saw her outside, but I just stared at her."

"I kind of want to punch you right now."

"Why? What do you care?" I slumped down on the uncomfortable couch. "You're not exactly Prince Charming yourself."

"This takes the cake. Besides, you actually like this girl. You have a history."

"Yeah, well. Like I said, I thought I was doing the right thing."

"What changed your mind?" He sat forward. "Why do you suddenly deserve her now?"

"I don't deserve her, but I've never seen her so sad. Savy loves Christmas like no one I've ever met, yet I saw her cringe when they turned up the holiday music. If this time of year can't make her happy, then she must be seriously gone."

"Then do something about it."

"I'm going to, but I don't know what."

"Who are your allies?"

"My allies?"

"Yeah. Who do you have on your team? I know your parents hate your guts, but what about hers? I assume they come here with her."

"Her grandfather thinks I walk on water."

"Ok there's a start."

"And her dad likes me, I think."

"Then start there. You need to get her alone. You work on that, and I'll take care of the other stuff."

"The other stuff?"

"The guy. Whoever he is, he's in the way."

"What are you going to do to him?"

Winston laughed maniacally and then stopped. "What do you think I'm going to do? I'm going to make sure he stays out of the way."

"You think I actually have a shot at this?"

"Maybe. I'm going to get real here. You were an asshole."

"Yeah, I know."

"But I also know you actually like this girl, so I'll help."

"I'm so lucky." I didn't hide the sarcasm in my voice.

"You'll thank me later."

"I'll thank you if she'll even talk to me again."

"Oh yeah." Winston shook his head. "All you wanted was to be friends again with her, right?"

"You're right. That's bullshit." I wanted so much more from Savy. I wanted everything whether I deserved it or not.

"I thought so."

"All right. I guess I need to give her grandfather a call."

"Go charm the old man."

"That's the easy part."

Chapter Seven

Glen

"Glen, so nice to see you." Layden Fells stood up from his seat at the cafe.

I took a deep breath, bracing myself for my meeting with Savy's grandfather. I'd known the man for most of my life, but this was the first time I was coming to him for a favor. It was also the first time I had seen him since my parents cut me off, and practically cut me out of their lives. "Hi Layden. It's nice to see you too."

"Come. Sit down." He gestured for me to take an empty seat at the small table he was occupying. He sat back down and quickly folded up the newspaper he'd been reading when I walked in. "It was such a nice surprise to get that phone call from you earlier this afternoon."

"Thank you for agreeing to meet with me. Especially on such short notice." I unzipped my coat and put it behind me on my chair.

"Of course. And stop acting so nervous. It's just me."

"I know. I also know my family probably told you what happened."

He made a sweeping motion with his hand knocking the paper off the table. "I know who you are. The kind of man you've grown into. I am positive there is more to the story than they're giving me."

"There is."

"But that isn't why you're here is it?"

I shook my head. "It's not."

"Go get us both a cup of coffee. When you get back I'll be all ears."

"Thanks." I stood up.

"Take this." Glen slipped a fifty into my hands.

"I can handle the coffee."

"I know. But you may need it if my hunch about why you're really here is right." He smiled faintly.

"I can't take this."

"You can, and you will. Go get us some coffee."

Arguing with the man wasn't going to help my case, so I walked over to the counter and ordered two coffees. I remembered he liked his the same way as mine. Black.

I returned to the table and set them down. "You still like it black, right?"

"What's the chance after eight-five years that's going to change?"

"Not very high." I smiled to myself. I liked Layden. He was an easy man to talk to. He always kept it real. I understood why my grandfather had counted him as a close friend.

"So tell me. What happened between the two of you?"

"Uh, how did you know?"

Layden sipped his coffee. "As much as I enjoy seeing you, Glen, we both know there's only a few reasons you'd go out of your way to meet me. By your response to my offer of cash, that's not what this is about."

"Of course not." I might have been broke, but I certainly wouldn't have hit up a family friend for money.

"Which leaves Savannah." He took another sip of coffee and set down the cup. "So I'll ask again. What happened between you two?"

"You don't want to know." I held my plastic cup between my hands. It was hot almost to the point of uncomfortable, but the warmth was welcome.

"Why would that be? Unless you hurt her." His eyes locked on mine.

"I take it you knew that already too?"

"I know she left Vail last winter like a bat out of hell, and I don't believe for a second it had to do with her mother's engagement."

I buried my head in my hands. "I'm an idiot."

"Possibly, but something tells me you had a reason for what you did."

"Are you psychic?"

"No. I'm eighty-five. It's practically the same thing. I've lived through a lot in my life."

"I was trying to protect her."

"Ok. I'm getting the picture here. You rejected her under the misguided idea that you were somehow doing her a favor?'

"Exactly." Layden had figured that one out fast.

"Did you try to apologize?" He took another sip of his coffee, but his eyes never left my face.

"Yes."

"When?"

"Today."

"You didn't think to apologize slightly closer to when you rejected her?" He raised an eyebrow.

"That would have defeated the point. I wanted to keep her away."

"And I suppose you've come here to get my help? Or is it my advice?"

"Both if possible."

He laughed. "First, tell me why."

"Why, what?"

"Why do you want to fix things? Why now?"

I waited while a couple walked past our table. They were laughing and clearly having a good time. The guy had his arm around the girl, who was leaning into his side. Watching them made me jealous. All happy couples seemed to make me jealous now. "Because my feelings for her are even stronger, and she's sad. I did the right thing, and she still ended up unhappy."

"She's had a tough year."

I sat up in my chair. "What else is going on?"

"Nothing specifically. At least on the surface she's enjoying school, but she's lonely. Her father's worried sick about her. Even more now that she's lost weight."

"She did look a little bit thinner."

He opened his mouth and then closed it.

"What? What were you going to say?"

"I don't want any details. None at all, but did you happen to reject her in a way that would hurt her body image?"

My entire body froze. "Why?"

He looked right at me again. "You know why. Most kids gain weight in college. They don't call it the freshman fifteen for nothing."

"You think I made her think she was fat?"

He shrugged. "I would like to think my granddaughter has a stronger self-image than one that would allow her to be so swayed by one man's opinion, but it's worth considering whether you contributed to a larger issue."

"Damn it." I buried my face in my hands again.

"You're not going to find any answers in the palms of your hands."

"I know. And I'm not going to find any from you now." I pushed back my chair.

"Where are you going?" he asked.

"I figure I better move before you kill me."

"I'm not going to kill you... at least not if you fix things. You know I've always been rooting for you when it comes to Savannah. I'm not giving up on you yet."

"Fix things? How the hell am I going to do that?" I took my first sip of coffee. The bitter taste matched my mood.

"You evidently thought you had a chance. Otherwise you wouldn't have showed up here."

"I can't do anything if she won't talk to me."

"You think some time to talk is all you need?"

"It's a start. I need a chance to explain everything."

"I'll get you that chance, but you better start scheming something bigger than just a conversation."

"What do you mean? Like I need to buy her something?"

He shook his head. "Savannah isn't the type of girl who cares about material things. You know that as well as I do."

"Then what do you suggest?"

"That's for you to figure out. You've gotten to know her rather well over the years. I assume you've learned a few things about her likes and interests."

"I have." I smiled as a plan formulated. "I know what to do."

"Good. I'll be in touch."

"Now am I supposed to leave?"

"Yes. Do you think I want to be caught fraternizing with the black sheep?"

"Uh. What?"

Layden laughed. "You're going to have to work on that sense of humor, son. If there's one thing I've learned after being married for over sixty years, it's that spending time with a woman requires one."

"All right. I'll keep that in mind." I stood up and started toward the door. Then I remembered the cash. I walked back to the table and pulled it out. "Here."

"No, you keep it. Even a non-materialistic plan is going to take some capital."

"I have some money."

"Then use it to treat her to a nice dinner when she forgives you."

"You really think she's going to?"

He shrugged. "If not then we both wasted our time didn't we?"

"I guess so." I nodded at him before heading to the door.

A burst of cold air hit me hard as soon as I stepped outside. I belatedly put on my coat. Now that I had a plan, I had to find a way to execute it.

Chapter Eight

Savannah

I must have fallen asleep because by the time I woke up it was starting to get dark out.

I lay there on my bed, trying to push away the fogginess of sleep. A knock on the door had me struggling to sit up. "Who is it?" I called groggily.

"It's Dalton. Can I come in?"

I groaned. "I'd rather you didn't."

He ignored me and pushed open the door.

"What do you want?"

"I wanted to apologize."

"For?"

"Being an ass. I shouldn't have said that stuff to you."

I ran a hand through my likely messy hair. "I probably shouldn't have doused you with water either."

He sat down on the edge of my bed. "I deserved that, but can we call a truce?"

"A truce?" I blinked away the last remnants of sleep. What was he doing? I preferred when people took a position and stuck to it.

"Yeah. Let's hang out tonight."

"Hang out?" I looked at him skeptically. "What's in it for you?"

"I really want to see the new Tarantino movie. It's playing at some dinner and a movie place, and I know Laney would never watch it. Any chance you're into that kind of thing?"

"I'd see the movie, but I'd rather not go with you." I wasn't in the mood for more of his interrogations. Whether it was because of misguided concern or not, it didn't make it any more pleasant.

"Tough luck. It's a package deal."

"I guess I'll see it another time then."

"Come on. Cut me a break here."

"Why? You can easily see the movie alone too. Or ask my Dad. You seem to get along well."

"I don't want to go with your dad. I want to go with you."

Wait. What was going on here? Was this all some weird twisted thing because he liked me? Was that why he was being so weird about Glen? Ugh, I didn't need that. "Ok, our parents are dating. That means don't go there."

"I'm not asking you out." Then he seemed to think over his words. "Not that you're not great and all, but you're right. Our parents are dating. I want to hang out and get to know each other. Whether you like it or not, we're going to be seeing a lot of each other."

"Oh yeah? You know something I don't?"

He sighed. "Some, but don't blow this into something it's not. I promise to put all my cards on the table if you do the same thing."

"Why? Why should I tell you anything?"

"Because you need someone to talk to. You might not want to admit it, but it's true. And contrary to my earlier behavior, I'm not judgmental."

I laughed dryly. "You're one of the most judgmental people I've ever met."

"I was just angry."

"You had no reason to be mad."

"I was annoyed and worried. Agree to come out. We can talk about all this later."

I thought about it. If what Dalton was hinting at was true, then our parents were even more serious than I thought. That meant I'd be seeing Dalton if I ever wanted to see my dad, and considering how awkward visiting my mom was now, I wasn't interested in making my dad's visits bad too. "Fine. Truce accepted, but if you're a jerk again I'm not forgiving you."

"Fair terms." He held out his hand. "Let's shake on it."

I laughed. "You're something else."

"So are you. You're definitely different than your dad made you sound."

"Do I want to know how he described me?"

"Kind of quiet, shy, and with a little bit of an attitude."

"He didn't."

"He did." Dalton nodded. "Don't worry. My mom excitedly told him how great it was that I'd have someone just like me around."

I laughed. "None of those words describe you."

"Nor do they describe you. Obviously our parents don't know us that well."

"Sometimes that's a good thing. If they knew the real us they probably wouldn't let us go out on the town."

He smiled. "Nope. They'd fear we were heading out for a night of wild clubbing and debauchery."

"In Vail?"

He shrugged. "There has to be some of that here, right? Where do all the rich kids get plastered?"

Rich kids. That made me think of Glen and my chest tightened. "I wouldn't know."

Dalton seemed to sense the change in me. "All right, I'm leaving before you change your mind. The movie's at six."

"All right. Sounds good." I stood up and stretched as soon as he closed the door behind him. At least we were going to see a good movie. I needed a distraction.

I took a quick shower and called Jade.

"Hey!" She answered right away. "Still having fun?"

"Not exactly."

"Did you see him?"

"Glen?"

"Who else would I be taking about?" She covered the phone. "Mom, I'm on the phone with a friend. I'll be down in a little bit."

"Making sure she knows your every move?"

She groaned. "Don't get me started. She actually tried to set me up on a blind date."

"Ugh. That sounds awful."

"Luckily the guy got sick." She must have realized how her words sounded. "I don't mean lucky he was sick because I want him sick. I meant so I didn't-"

"I get it."

"Ok, good. Now fill me in. What happened with Glen?"

"He told me we needed to talk, and I pretty much told him to hit the road."

"Good for you. I told you you'd be fine."

"Hopefully I can avoid another run-in."

"You can do it, and it sounds like you've got people to hang out with."

"Don't even get me started there."

"Uh oh." She made some sort of rustling sound, but I didn't ask what she was doing. "I thought they were cool."

"They are. Well, the girl is. The guy, Dalton, is good at pushing my buttons."

"Maybe that's good. It can keep your mind off Glen."

"Let's hope."

"Jade!" Someone yelled.

"I'm guessing you've got to go?"

"I'll call you later."

"Ok, talk soon." I hung up. It sounded like Jade wasn't having any more fun than I was.

***

"Why did you tell me the movie started at six?" I glanced at the marquee again. Dalton didn't strike me as the kind of guy who would get a movie time wrong. He was too precise and calculated for that.

"I thought we could use the time to hang out before. I knew you wouldn't have wanted to come early otherwise."

I groaned. "Is this punishment for me splashing water on you? Because you are the one who called the truce."

"I did call the truce, and I stand by it. Sit down. I'm not going to be able to pull what I did the other day, so what nonalcoholic drink can I get you from the bar?"

"Pineapple juice."

"Pineapple juice? Interesting choice."

"It's sweet but not too sweet. What's not to like?"

"If you say so."

I took a seat at a long, high table with about ten chairs. I figured there was no reason to look for anything more intimate. I didn't particularly want to talk to Dalton about anything. I people watched for a few minutes, half listening in on a conversation between two women who were probably in their early thirties. They were bemoaning the guys left in the dating pool after twenty-nine.

"Interesting conversation?" Dalton nudged me before he set my pineapple juice in front of me. "As tempted as I was to try the juice I went for a Coke."

"You could have had something with alcohol."

"Technically yes, but what's the fun in that when you can't have it?"

"What's the fun in any of this?"

"Let's pretend for a moment that you weren't in a depressing and cynical mood, you didn't answer my question. Interesting conversation?"

"I don't know what you're talking about." I glanced over at the two women. They were each sipping wine. They didn't appear to have heard Dalton at least.

"Don't worry. I don't think you'll have trouble landing a guy." He patted my shoulder and sat down. Had he been eavesdropping too?

"Because I'm so concerned with your opinion on the subject?"

"I don't know what you're concerned with. I only know what I'm concerned with."

"And that is what? Annoying me?"

"My mom's happiness."

"What?" I wasn't expecting that.

"My mom's in love with your dad. She's like a different person around him. I haven't seen her like that in years."

"That's great. What's your concern then?"

"You."

"Me?" I put a hand to my chest. "What do I have to do with anything?"

"I'm going to hope you're oblivious and not doing any of this on purpose."

"Meaning?" My chest tightened. What was he about to accuse me of?

He sipped his Coke. "Your dad's already worried about you. He's afraid of making things worse. He won't propose because of it, and Mom thinks it's because he's not committed."

"Making what worse? And why is he worried?"

Dalton looked me straight in the eyes. "What happened last Christmas? I heard your mom got engaged."

I sighed. "Please. Do we have to do this?"

"Yes. Yes we do."

"Ok, fine. Yes, my mom got engaged. Her then boyfriend did it when all of his kids were there, and he knew I wouldn't be. He then planned a family trip knowing I couldn't come."

"Ouch. That sucks."

"Yeah, but I don't see why it has anything to do with my dad. It's over. Amazingly enough I was invited to the wedding."

"And what about you? Are you really that okay with it?"

"With my mom getting married? Sure. Mac doesn't like me. There's nothing I can do to change that, but I love my mom, and she seems happy with him."

"So why is your dad convinced you're going to go off the deep end if he proposes to my mom?"

"How am I supposed to know? I barely saw him last Christmas. I left early."

"Why did you leave early?" Dalton rested his elbows on the table.

"Not going there."

"Ok. So that brings us back to the guy."

"Can we please talk about something else? I prefer talking about my mom's marriage to this."

"But if you're telling me your moodiness didn't come from your mom, then it's the guy. You're dad has it all wrong."

"Moodiness?"

"Yeah. Your dad says you're like a different person."

"That's not true. I was peppy enough to get into a sorority." I laughed. "Ok, that sounded bad."

"Meaning you can fake it." He stirred his straw around his glass. "So what I'm trying to figure out is what the guy could have done to make you miserable, weight obsessed, and into dating risky men."

"Hey! None of that is true."

"It's not?"

"No."

"Then explain it."

"Explain what?" I pushed away my juice. It was too sweet for the mood I was in.

"Explain why you date older men. Let's start there."

"You're not my therapist."

"But you have one?"

"Dalton, I'm about to walk out of here."

"And walk home?"

"It's only a half mile or so."

"In the cold."

"Then I'll call my dad."

"With what?"

"What are you talking about?"

He pulled my phone out of his pocket and grinned. "I know it's creepy, but I'm desperate. My mom is going to give up on your dad if he doesn't pop the question soon."

"Fine. I'll tell my dad how I can't imagine better step-siblings, so he needs to propose."

Dalton laughed. "Good try, but talking to your dad about your feelings can't hurt."

"Except he's going to pester me with questions just like you are."

"And that's a bad thing? He's your parent. He's supposed to pester you."

"But you're not a parent, or even related to me, so you shouldn't be pestering me at all."

"I'll stop if you promise to talk to your dad. But I'm here. I really don't mind listening."

"But I don't want to talk about it."

"Fair enough, but if you change your mind."

"I'm not going to change my mind."

"If you say so." He finished off his Coke.

Seating is now beginning. The announcement came over the loudspeaker.

"I hope you're a sit in the middle type person."

"Excuse me?"

"I had to reserve our seats in advance since I knew it would be crowded. We're in the middle."

"Middle's perfect." I seemed to always date guys who liked the front or back. Sitting in the front strained my neck, and I needed glasses to see from the back.

I stood up and took off my coat. I'd been so cold and distracted, I'd never taken it off.

We started walking toward the doors of the theater when I saw Glen. Seriously? At the movies? "Let's go." I grabbed on to Dalton's arm.

"What?" He looked over his shoulder. "Oh. I see."

"Come on. Get the tickets out. Let's do this."

"Are you sure that's what you want to do?" He put his hands on my arms. "Maybe it would be better to face this head on."

"You don't understand."

"No, I don't. And whose fault is that?"

I gritted my teeth. "Please, Dalton."

Glen noticed us and walked over. "Savy, what a pleasant surprise."

I nudged Dalton. "Thanks, Mr. Slowpoke."

"Relax. I have this." Dalton put an arm around me. "Hi. Can we help you?" He looked right at Glen. At least Glen wasn't with a girl. He was with a guy with spiky brown hair.

"Yes, you can help me. I've been trying to get a few minutes with Savy here. Mind if I borrow her?"

"I don't want to talk to you." I couldn't look at him as I spoke. It just brought back memories of how humiliated I'd been.

"But I want to talk to you, and I'm not going to give up until you agree to it. Come on, just a few minutes."

"What is it with this place? I've been here twenty-four hours and I have to deal with not one, but two annoying guys asking to talk with me when it's the last thing I want to do."

Glen laughed and looked at Dalton. "I guess you've been in the dog house too?"

The guy with the spiky hair leaned in toward Dalton. "Listen, man. These two have a history. If you think she really likes you then why not let them talk?"

For a moment I actually considered letting Mr. Spiky and Glen think that Dalton and I were together, but I quickly brushed the thought off. I wasn't the kind of girl to play games. I didn't like when people played them with me, so there was no reason to do it myself. "We're not together that way."

"You're not?" Glen's face lit up.

"No. Not that it should matter to you."

Glen's expression didn't falter. "Can we talk? We have some time before the movie starts."

"Since when do you come here?" He'd never mentioned the place before. How random was it that he happened to show up for the same movie showing?

"Since when do you?"

"Since Dalton suggested it."

"Dalton? Huh?"

"Is there a problem with my name?" Dalton went on the defensive.

"No, although I'm still trying to figure this all out. She said you're not together, so why do I keep seeing you with your hands all over her then?"

"She's my friend. That's all you need to know."

"I don't know what Savy has told you about me, but we've been friends for years. You can tone down the anger and over protectiveness. I'm the one who should be worried about you around her."

"Except her dad likes to have me around her. Can you say the same thing?"

"Did you tell your dad?" Glen glanced at me apprehensively. "I haven't seen him yet."

"No, but who cares?"

"I care. It means I need to explain everything to him too."

I took a deep breath. Maybe Dalton was right about hitting this head on. "Okay, Glen. Let's talk."

"Great." He grinned. "We'll be just a few minutes." He reached his hand toward me, but I stepped away. He seemed to get the hint because he started walking. I followed, taking slow deep breaths along the way. When I saw a break in the crowd, I stopped.

"So what did you want to talk about?"

"You know what I want to talk about." He shifted his weight in what seemed like a nervous action. I wasn't used to seeing Glen look nervous.

"I'm guessing about what happened, but I don't want to talk about it. You made your feelings heard loud and clear. It's over. I left you alone. Let's move on."

"See, that's the problem. I don't think I made my real feelings clear."

A group of teenagers walked toward us, and I moved to the side to avoid them, nearly falling into Glen. I stepped back. "Sorry."

"Please, don't apologize. Should we sit?" He gestured to a nearby vacant table. Most people were already heading into the theater.

"Sure." Maybe I'd be less nervous if I sat down. I needed to get this over with. Then I could forget about everything while watching the movie. Distractions were good.

He pulled out a chair for me, and I sat down. Instead of sitting across from me he sat down right next to me. I let it slide. I'd been closer to Glen than that before. Just thinking about it made my whole body warm-in both good and bad ways. The humiliation was there right along with the attraction. "Why do you think I did what I did?"

"No way. There is no way you're doing this to me." I pushed back my chair.

"Wait." He touched my arm. "Hear me out. I promise there's a point."

"I'm not answering that. You can't make me talk about how you rejected me. It's not fair." I tried to blink back the tears. What was wrong with me? I was stronger than that.

"I wasn't rejecting you."

My hurt turned to anger. "No you don't. Don't start playing that game. You rejected me. I was there. I remember."

"I was there too, and unlike you, I actually know what I was thinking." He pulled off his coat and put it on the chair next to him. "I didn't do it because I didn't want you." He paused for a second as though deep in thought. "I wanted you so bad it was scary."

"Then why did you do it? Why'd you run away the second you saw me?" There went the tears again.

"Because I didn't deserve to have you." His penetrating stare was unwavering. "I still don't, but I'm going to hate myself if I don't try."

"Savannah?" Dalton appeared at my elbow. "Not to be annoying, but if we want to eat during the movie we've got to go and order. Do you want to come, or should I just order for you?" There was concern in his voice and expression. He was such a hard guy to understand. He went back and forth between hot and cold so often I couldn't keep up.

"I'm ready." I glanced at Glen. "See you around."

"We're not done talking."

"Yes, we are. You heard Dalton, we've got to go."

"Where are you guys sitting?" Glen pulled out a ticket. "Maybe we can switch with people and all sit together."

"I'm sure we can manage that." Spiky hair guy walked over.

I put a hand on my hip. "Excuse me, but who are you?"

He grinned. "I'm so glad you asked. I'm Winston. I'm roommates with your boy over there."

"You go to CU?"

"No... I live here." Winston looked at Glen. "I'm guessing you guys didn't get too far into your talk."

"We only had five minutes."

Dalton pushed up the sleeves of his shirt. "Eleven actually."

"Is he always this annoying?" Glen asked.

"From what I can tell."

"Oh, so you are still in there." Glen laughed. "But I thought you were good friends."

"His mom is dating my dad." I don't know why I told him except that it came naturally for me to tell Glen everything. I always did. He was the only person I told about losing my virginity. I blinked trying to push off thoughts of that unfortunate experience and Glen.

"Oh." Glen looked between us. "So he's like your step-brother."

"Not yet," I said hurriedly. "Let's find our seats."

I didn't need to say it twice. Dalton followed me over to the entrance of the theater.

"Wait up. Did you forget we're going to try to switch around to sit together?" Winston called after us."

"How could I forget?" I mumbled. Technically I could have made a scene. I could have told Glen and Winston to leave us alone, but what good what that have done? I'd still know they were watching me the whole time. That would already be enough to ruin the movie.

We found our seats, and Glen quickly slipped into the seat next to me.

"Someone's going to be sitting there."

"I'll just wait and see. Maybe they won't show up."

I stuffed my coat into the space between me and the arm rest. "Maybe they will."

"Quit acting like I'm ruining a date for you or something. He's your almost step-brother."

I sighed. "That doesn't mean I want to sit next to you."

"You're arguing with me."

"So?" I crossed my arms. He was really getting on my nerves.

"This is normal for us. We're supposed to argue. I like this so much better than that 'I don't want anything to do with you' act you were pulling earlier."

"It wasn't an act."

"Yes it was."

Thankfully the couple whose seats Glen and Winston had taken walked over.

"Would you mind switching with us? We're just a few rows up." Winston hurriedly confronted the couple. "We didn't realize our friends were going to be here."

"Of course. No problem." The guy agreed.

"You don't have to do that." I jumped up. "You picked out these tickets for a reason."

"Theirs are just as good." The guy exchanged tickets with Winston and Glen. "Enjoy the movie."

"Perfect. See. Not a problem at all."

"Lovely." I slumped back down in my seat.

"Come on, Savy. We used to love watching movies together." He slung his arm around my shoulder.

"Yeah, and did you see how great the last one turned out?" I turned to Dalton. "Switch seats with me, please?"

"Are you serious, Savy?" Glen groaned.

"Don't Savy me. Call me Savannah if you're going to call my anything."

"Why? Why can't I call you by the same name I've used for you since we were little kids?"

"Because you've lost the privilege."

Dalton and Winston both started to laugh. I glared at Dalton. Winston could do what he wanted.

"Come on, switch seats."

"Normally I would, but I get the sense it's going to be a lot more entertaining if I don't."

"It will be. I assure you." Glen smirked.

That was the last straw. "Either switch seats with me, or I'm leaving."

"Are you really going to keep threatening that?" Dalton smiled. The damn guy smiled.

"Yes. I don't care if I have to walk and I end up freezing to death."

Glen nudged me. "Don't you think that's a little bit melodramatic? You might end up with frost bite, but actually freezing to death? I doubt that."

I pushed into his shoulder. "Stop."

"Stop what?"

"Teasing me. You're not allowed to do that anymore."

"I can't call you Savy, and I can't tease you? What other rules are there?"

"You can't sit next to me." I stood up. "Dalton, switch seats with me now."

"Fine." He stood up.

I took his seat.

Glen leaned over Dalton. "I'm not done talking to you."

"I'm done listening."

"No you're not."

"Okay, you two need to stop. I'm not listening to any more of this." Dalton put his hands out to either side. "What the hell happened between you guys?"

"None of your business." I glared at him.

"You can't keep saying that."

"I can." I crossed my arms.

"What happened is I made a huge mistake in an attempt to protect her. I did something for her own good, and now she hates me for it." Glen looked at me as he spoke.

"I don't hate you," I mumbled.

"You sure act that way."

"I'm done." I stood up. "Give me my phone, Dalton. I'm calling my dad. He'll drive my grandpa's car and get me."

"No. Sit down. We're watching the movie. I think we missed our chance to order so I'll get us food. What do you want? A salad?"

Glen chuckled. "A salad? Savy? Try a burger or something."

"Oh. Interesting." Dalton gave me a knowing look.

"I'll get the food." I wasn't going to let him leave me there with Glen.

"Do you have money on you?"

"Some."

Dalton shook his head. "I'll do it."

Glen smiled. "Good idea."

"You're coming too, Glen."

"No way. I'm not leaving Savy alone in here." He looked all around.

"She won't be alone. Your friend will be here too."

"If there's some sort of chicken sandwich I'll take that." Then I considered it. "With fries."

"Absolutely. Be back soon. Come on, Glen." Dalton waited for Glen to stand up before heading back out to the entry.

As soon as they left, Winston stood up and took the seat Dalton had vacated. "So. You're the famous Savy, huh?"

"Glen doesn't talk about me."

"Sure he does." Winston pivoted in his seat so he was looking right at me. "He talks about you all the time."

"No he doesn't." I looked away.

"Admittedly, before yesterday he never talked to me about you."

"See."

"But he stares at your picture and talks about you in his sleep."

"He doesn't."

"He does." I jerked as he touched my shoulder. "Wowsers. Someone's uptight."

"I don't need someone I don't know touching me."

"But you do know me. Maybe we should do this more formally." He held out his hand. "I'm Winston. Nice to meet you."

I accepted the handshake to make him stop. "Hi Winston. Let's sit here quietly and wait for the movie."

"But then what was the point of introducing ourselves? Kind of a waste."

"Are you always like this?"

"Like what?" He seemed genuinely confused.

"This weird."

"Weird? Me?" He put a hand to his chest. "What's weird is you and Glen."

"It's not weird. We grew apart."

"Grew apart? Come on, Savy. It's me, Winston. You don't need to pretend for me."

I laughed. I couldn't help it. "You should go into comedy."

"You're not the first person to say that."

"I'm not surprised."

"So back to the important discussion."

"Which was?" I stopped trying to get him to leave me alone. It wasn't going to happen.

"You and Glen. What are you thinking? Going to give him another chance?"

"There's no chance to give. He made his feelings known a year ago. I made mine known too."

"A lot can change in a year."

"Yes it can." I looked at the advertisement moving over the screen.

"Have you changed?"

I turned back to Winston. "I went away to college. That changes people."

"It does."

"Is Glen still in school? What's going on with him?" I couldn't hold the questions in any longer.

"Nuh uh. Not going there."

"Why not?"

"Because that's Glen's story to tell. Not mine."

"Come on. I need to know."

"And he needs to talk to you. I've got this crazy idea." He put a hand over his mouth as if in surprise. "Maybe you two could talk? Wouldn't that just be wild?"

I laughed again. Winston was a real character. "The strange part is the more I get used to seeing him the less angry I am." Then I realized what I'd said. "Wait. Didn't mean to say that out loud."

"Don't worry. It's a gift I have. People tell me things."

"Why?"

"Maybe I look trustworthy?"

"Do you just look it, or are you?"

"What do you think?"

"I think I'm going to keep my mouth shut from now on."

"Come on. You don't need to do that." He put a hand on the armrest between us.

"Evidently I do."

"Your secret is safe with me." He stood up and moved back to his seat.

I glanced at my original seat. The one next to Glen's.

"Come on, you know you want to do it."

"Why do you care so much?"

"Because Glen's a nice guy. He's had a crappy year, and something tells me he's going to be nicer to live with if things work out for you two. Plus he needs to get laid."

I looked away. "I can't help with that last part."

"Whatever you say."

After a few more minutes of debate I moved back to my original seat. What was the point of sitting two seats away anyway?

Just as the previews started Dalton and Glen returned with the food. Dalton took a glance at where I was sitting before stepping around me to my seat. He set my meal in front of me. "Moving around again?" He raised an eyebrow.

"Just giving you your seat back." I put my napkin on my lap.

Glen settled in next to me. "Glad to have you back, neighbor."

"The person in front of this seat is shorter," I whispered, finding the need to explain my actions.

"Whatever you say."

I didn't answer. I kept staring at the screen, waiting for the movie to start. I didn't look away for over a half hour. Glen took the opportunity to grab my hand during a jumpy scene. I didn't remove it from his right away. I liked the feel of his larger hand wrapped around mine, but I didn't allow myself to enjoy the luxury for long. I couldn't feel that way with Glen. He'd only hurt me again. I pulled my hand away.

"Hey. I was using that," he whispered against my ear before taking my hand again.

"It's mine."

"I thought you were good at sharing."

Winston looked around Glen and right at me. He winked. Dalton seemed oblivious. I guess he was just completely zoned in on the movie. Either that or he was being careful.

I didn't take my hand back the second time. I let him hold it. I tried not to focus on the way he rubbed his thumb over my hand, but it felt so good. So comforting. So familiar.

I reluctantly pulled my hand back when the movie ended. Glen straightened up. "So where to now?"

"What do you mean?" I stretched before slipping back into my jacket.

"Where to now? It's only nine."

"We're going home." There was only so much time I could spend around Glen. Holding his hand or not, that didn't mean we were going to start hanging out again.

"Oh. Maybe I could drive you home?"

"Dalton's going to drive me."

"If you change your mind in the next few minutes, let me know." He smiled.

"Doubtful, but thanks." At least my stomach wasn't in knots when I looked at him anymore. I hoped eventually the years of good memories would replace the one night of bad ones.

Chapter Nine

Glen

The feel of Savy's hand in mine was like coming home. It's a dramatic statement, but it's a true one. Everything in my life was a mess, yet for the first time in a year I actually felt good. When she pulled her hand away at the end of the movie, she left me cold. It couldn't be the last time I touched her. I needed more.

I caught Winston's eye as we headed out of the theatre. The first part of the plan had worked. Layden had told me her plans for the evening, and we'd made a huge step forward. She was talking to me, and she was also letting me hold her hand. Now I just had to keep moving things in that direction.

We walked outside of the theater to the plaza at Solaris. It was another one of the swanky resort areas in Vail. In good weather it was actually a short walk from Lionshead, but I had no plans to let Savy walk.

"Is that a sleigh?" Savy pointed to a horse drawn sleigh, complete with bells, waiting off to the side. "I haven't been on one of those in years." Her face brightened, and for a moment she looked like the Savy I knew again.

"It is a sleigh," I smiled, aching to grab her hand again, but fighting the impulse.

"I didn't take you as a sleigh ride person." Dalton looked at her skeptically. "You seem too bah humbug for that."

"Savy loves Christmas. She'd probably listen to Christmas music year round if she could," I quickly supplied, letting it be known that I knew a whole lot more about her than he did.

"I used to." She looked off into the distance.

"So have you changed your mind about letting me drive you back?"

"It's not that far away. Dalton will take me."

"What if I offered you the scenic route?" I added. Winston laughed.

"What?" She looked between us.

"What if I told you my offer for a ride home wasn't in my car?" I nodded over to the sleigh. "Would that interest you more?"

"Wait?" She looked at me. "Are you saying that sleigh is for us?" Her voice lilted. She was excited, and that got me excited.

"Maybe. I thought we could do it for old times' sake. You did have your first sleigh ride with me after all."

She smiled lightly. "I did." She turned to Dalton. "Are you up for it?"

"Hey. Who said he's invited?" There was no way step-brother was intruding on this.

"You can't expect me to go alone with you."

"Why not? What do you think is going to happen? The driver will be with us anyway."

She looked conflicted.

"Can I talk to you for a second?" Dalton asked.

I hesitated. I didn't want to step away from Savy, but there was something in Dalton's expression that made me wonder if he might actually want to help.

"I'll keep Savannah company. We bonded earlier." Winston stuffed his hands in the pockets of his coat.

"We'll be right back." Dalton walked around the corner, and I followed after one quick glance back at her.

"What is it?"

"Do you really care about her?"

"Of course."

"And all that stuff you said earlier, about regretting the way you made her feel. About wanting to make things up to her. You meant it?" So he had been listening as I'd tried to explain myself to him as we'd waited for our food.

"Yes. I've been crazy about Savy for years. I know it seems weird because we only saw each other once a year, but she's one of my best friends. We used to talk all the time." She was still a favorite contact in my phone. One my thumb had hesitated over more frequently than I wanted to admit.

"I really have no say in what she does, so I'm not going to be able to convince her of anything, but I'll see what I can do. It looks like we both want the same thing."

"And what's that?" He had better not say he wanted her.

"We want her happy. Although we want it for different reasons."

"What's your reason?"

"Aside from just generally kind of liking her, I also need her to snap out of her funk so her Dad stops stalling on proposing to my mom. I've got a lot going on in my life that I've put on hold. If she's happy, and my sister's happy, then I can start worrying about myself. Got that?"

"You think her dad's stalling because of Savy?" I was trying to understand his logic.

"Yes. He thinks she got upset last year because of her mom's engagement, but evidently you also had something to do with that."

"Don't remind me." I cringed. I hated knowing I'd hurt her. I never wanted to cause her pain again. It was because of that that I probably should have stayed away, but she wasn't happy without me. Maybe, just maybe, she'd be happier with me. I needed to at least try.

"So if she gives you a second chance, try not to screw it up, and try to work fast."

"I only have a few days, so yeah. I'll work fast."

"Good. I have to give you points on the sleigh."

"I thought I'd play the nostalgia card. Of course this time we aren't kids, so I'm going for romantic."

"You said her dad likes you, right?"

I nodded.

"So if I tell him I left her with you he's not going to kill me?"

"He won't. Besides, her grandpa already knows she's going to be with me."

"Layden? Do I want to know?"

"He also wants her happy."

He smiled. "I guess there's a lot of people rooting for that."

"No one more than me."

"Good luck."

"Thanks." I started heading back toward Savy. As we walked over she was laughing at something Winston had said. Despite some of his annoying habits, Winston was really good at doing that.

"Are you done talking about me?" Savy set her eyes on me even though she was asking both of us. I was glad. I wanted all of her attention to myself.

"I just wanted to make sure you could trust him." Dalton spoke slowly, seeming to be carefully selecting his words.

"And what's the consensus?" she asked in a playful way. Playful was good. Playful was the Savy I knew.

"You can. He knows he's a goner if he does anything to upset you again."

"A goner?" Savy and I both asked at once.

He was unmoved. "You don't want to know."

"Is this when I discover that the college student thing is just cover, and you're really in some secret government agency?" Savy laughed.

"You're laughing now." He seemed to be trying to hide a smile.

"So what's it going to be?" I took a step toward Savy. "A sleigh ride together with me?"

"It's lovely weather."

Dalton groaned. "Did you just quote Christmas music lyrics?"

"I told you she's obsessed with this time of year."

"I'm not obsessed." She gave me her pouty face.

"Not obsessed, passionate."

"Passionate is an acceptable term."

"Does that mean you're going to come?"

She pursed her lips. "I don't think I should."

"Why not?"

"Because you only did this because you feel guilty or something. I already told you that you don't have to worry about it. I got the hint, and I moved on."

"The move on comment aside, we'll talk about that later, but what if that's not why I did it? What if I did it because I really want to go on a sleigh ride, and you're the only one into Christmas enough to do it with me?"

"So now you're saying you're desperate."

I shook my head. "You are making this way too complicated."

"Oh, so it's my fault?"

"No. I'm not saying that."

Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Dalton walking away. Winston followed with a wave. Savy was completely oblivious, and I tried to hide my smile. It looked like Dalton was going to help me out.

"Then what are you saying? You keep telling me how I'm wrong. How you didn't reject me, blah blah blah. So give me answers."

"Blah blah blah?" I moved toward her. "Are we back at that point again?"

She broke into a grin. "You remember that? Do you remember how mad my dad got when I said that to him?"

"Of course. You got grounded, cancelled on me, and I ended up sitting in my room alone. What a lame night."

She laughed. It was her natural laugh, the one that made it impossible not to smile. "I can't believe you remember that."

"I remember everything about you."

"So do I." She wrapped her arms around herself. "I mean about you."

"Come on a sleigh ride with me." I spoke quietly this time.

She nodded. "It doesn't mean I've forgiven you."

"Deal. You have the right to go back to being mad at me afterward. Just give me this."

She laughed again. "I hope they have blankets. It's freezing tonight."

I lightly tugged on her arm, pulling her toward me. "I'd never leave you to get cold."

She looked away. "You've done it before."

"And it's my biggest regret."

She turned to look at me. "I wish we never kissed."

"Please don't say that."

"It's true. If we hadn't, none of that other stuff would have happened. We'd still be friends."

"It would have happened eventually."

She shook her head. "Not without the mistletoe."

"I've been into you for years. It was going to happen with or without mistletoe."

"Then why did you do it? What repulsed you so much you left?"

"I already told you I did it because I knew I didn't deserve you."

"But I don't believe you. It doesn't make sense."

"How about you get on that sleigh with me, and I'll make sure it makes sense."

She shook her head and set her big blue eyes on me. "No. If we're going on this ride, I'm going to enjoy it. No talking about that night." A lone tear streamed down her face.

I wiped away the tear. "I swear I'm going to make it all up to you."

"Just take me on this sleigh ride already." She turned around. "Wait. Where's Dalton?"

I shrugged. "He slipped off back when you were going off on me."

"Jerk."

"I was going to say great guy."

She wrapped her arms tighter around her. "He has my phone."

"I have mine."

"Great."

"You trust me, don't you, Savy?"

"Do I trust you with my safety? Sure. I trust you with everything but my heart."

My heart ached at her words. I'd change that. I'd change everything. "Then come with me." I took her hand and got her to drop her arm from around her chest. "We'll have fun."

"You ready to go?" Harry, a friend of a friend, hopped down from the sleigh. He was doing me a huge favor. He was dressed up for the occasion in a long coat and a top hat. He was going for the full theatrics he usually did for the tourist gigs.

"How much is he paying you for this?" Savy asked.

Harry looked at me, and I shook my head.

"I think you'll have to discuss that with your date." He glanced at me and shrugged.

"Don't worry about it." Going into how I could call in favors from locals required going into why I was now a local. I wasn't sure if I was ready to do that yet.

"I can't believe I'm doing this." She accepted my hand as she stepped into the sleigh. I followed behind her, covering us both with a blanket while I waited for Harry to get the horses ready.

"Don't make it sound like it's a bad thing."

"It's not a bad thing, just a complicated one."

"What's complicated about it?" I put an arm around her without thinking.

She sat forward at first before relaxing back into my arm. Nice. Maybe I was making some progress.

"Everything is complicated. I'm sharing a blanket with you. Again."

"I know you don't want to talk about that night, but I enjoyed being under a blanket with you then too."

"Stop."

"Fine." I wasn't going to push my luck.

Harry got us moving, and Savy leaned into my side. "It's a beautiful night, isn't it?"

"Very. It's the kind of night when I remember why I love living in the mountains so much."

The mountain and surrounding forest were lit up by holiday lights and a sky full of stars. There was something almost magical about it, especially with the company I got to enjoy.

"I can't imagine living here. I'd miss the ocean too much."

"You really love the ocean more than the mountains?" I ran my hand up and down her back. Even with a down jacket separating her from me, it felt so good to have contact again.

"I do. But don't get me wrong. It's beautiful here."

"At least you're not crazy then."

"Oh we both know I'm crazy." She nuzzled closer. I was sure it was because of the cold, but I tried to pretend it was because she wanted to stay close.

"Oh, one more thing." I reached into the bag I'd left with Harry and pulled out two thermoses. "Hot chocolate?"

"A sleigh ride and hot chocolate? You're making me nervous."

"Why?" I asked stupidly even though I already knew the answer. She was thinking of the last time I did something bordering on romantic.

She didn't move to take the thermos. "We're not going there."

"We're going to have to eventually."

"But not tonight." She sighed.

"Fine, but at least try the hot cocoa. It's the good stuff."

She accepted one of the thermoses and sipped it. "Wow, this is good."

"Of course it is. I made it."

"You made this?" She asked incredulously.

"Are you that surprised?"

"Yeah, actually."

"Don't be. I have many skills."

She laughed. "Glad you haven't lost your confidence."

I had. I'd completely lost it, but being so close to her again brought it back. I could almost forget how far I'd fallen.

We rode around in silence for a while. She seemed content sipping her hot cocoa and sitting snuggled next to me. There was nowhere else I'd have rather been.

"Thanks for this." She broke the silence.

"You're welcome. Enjoying yourself?"

"Yeah." She shifted beside me. "It's pretty much perfect."

"Does that have anything to do with the company?" I waited with baited breath.

"I don't mind it." She looked away and out at the snowy landscape.

"Savy?" I said her name softly.

She looked back at me, and some of her blond hair blew into her face. I brushed it away, and I couldn't help myself. I pressed my lips against hers lightly, and I waited for her to respond. She didn't at first, but I refused to give up. I moved my lips against hers, and eventually she started to move hers too. She opened her lips, and I took my chance.

She stilled as I first pushed my tongue into her mouth, but her surprise didn't last for long. She reached up and tangled her hands in my hair, as I pushed her flush against me. My whole body heated, wanting her and needing her closer. I forgot about Harry as I pulled her onto my lap. An entire year of pent up desire took over, and I couldn't control myself. I let my mouth devour hers, needing to suck up every ounce I could.

"We can't do this." She broke the kiss and moved off my lap.

"We just did." I couldn't get the goofy grin off my face.

"It shouldn't have happened." She brushed her gloved hand over her lips as if to brush away the remnants of me. That action was like cold water poured over my head.

"No. Don't be like that."

"You can't tell me what to do. You can't tell me how to feel."

"I know. But I know how I feel."

"I don't get it."

"You don't get it because you won't let me explain."

"Tomorrow."

"What?" I leaned closer, still trying to handle her change from hot and heavy to cold as ice.

"You can tell me tomorrow."

"Okay." I reached over and took her hand in mine. She didn't pull her hand away. Brushing off my kiss or not, she had kissed me, and now she wanted to see me again. I'd stirred up something in her, and I was going to do everything in my power to make sure I didn't let what little effect I had burn out.

Chapter Ten

Savannah

Dazed. There was no better way to describe how I felt as I stepped off the sleigh in front of the condos. I'd just gone on a sleigh ride with Glen, and we'd kissed. Really kissed. I'd liked it. I'd liked the feel of his hands on me, and his lips against mine. And worst of all, I wanted more of it. I wanted more of Glen. I wanted to know everything, and I wanted there to be another explanation of why he'd rejected me the year before. I wanted there to be a chance. Because knowing there was even a small chance of getting Glen back in my life made me whole in a way I hadn't felt in ages.

"Thanks, that was fun." I smiled as we stood outside. My words said nothing of the emotions running through me.

"Can I walk you in?"

"I'm fine." I wasn't sure I could handle much more. My emotions were a mess, and I needed time to process things.

"But I want to make sure you get home safe." His eyes were so full of emotion, and I was positive they matched mine.

"How about I text you."

"You still have my number?"

"Yeah." I looked away.

He took my hand. "You're still in my phone. Of course."

"There's no 'of course' about it."

"Yes there is." He leaned in and brushed his lips against mine. "Good night, Savy."

"Goodnight." I turned and walked into the lobby. I paused in front of the large Christmas tree. I'd been in such a funk I hadn't admired it yet that year.

"Isn't it beautiful?" An older, gray-haired man said from his seat in front of the fire.

"It is. I love all the colors. They usually only use white lights."

"Sometimes change is good."

"Yeah. Sometimes it is." I nodded. "Have a nice night." I walked over to the elevator. What a crazy and unexpected night.

Before I could even open the door to our condo, it was yanked open. I half expected to find Dalton on the other side, but it was my dad.

"Have fun on your sleigh ride?" He didn't even let me walk inside before starting in.

"Dalton told you everything?"

"Everything? I don't know about that, but he told me Glen wanted some time with you."

"Do we have any egg nog?" I pulled off my jacket and walked toward the kitchen.

"We're not done with this conversation, but yes we do. Gina loves the stuff almost as much as you do."

"Ok, great." I poured myself a glass from the fridge. I hadn't had any since the previous Christmas Eve, but I was feeling it again.

"So how was the sleigh ride? You tried to step around the question."

"It was fine."

"Fine? A boy takes you on a romantic outing and it's fine? Plus this isn't just any boy. This is Glen."

"What does that mean? Why would Glen be any different?"

"Have a seat." Dad sat down on the couch and gestured to the spot next to him.

"Do I have to?"

"Yes."

I reached into my pocket for my phone. Of course it came up empty. I glanced around. "Where's Dalton?"

"Sit, Savy."

"But he has my phone, and I promised Glen I'd text him when I got in."

"Where did he drop you off?" Dad asked suspiciously.

"Right outside."

He smiled. "Ah, I see. Your phone is on your bed. Everyone else went out for ice cream."

"Ice cream? In this weather?"

"Not everyone gets as cold as you," Dad teased. "Go get your phone and come right back."

As Dad had told me to expect, my phone was lying on my bed. I had a missed text from Glen. Missed you.

I'm home, and I missed you too.

Not as much as me.

I pocketed my phone and walked back out. Leaving my dad waiting usually wasn't a good thing.

"Let's try this again. How was the sleigh ride?"

"I already told you it was fine." I took a seat before he could tell me to again.

"Ok, let's try this. How was it spending time with Glen?"

"You act like I've never spent time alone with him before." I pulled my knees up to my chest.

"Why did you leave so suddenly last year?"

"I told you. I wanted time at home."

"By yourself? I know your mom wasn't actually there."

"I had friends to see."

"You usually enjoy seeing family and friends here. Particularly Glen."

I sighed. "Get to the point, Dad."

"I assumed it was about your mom's engagement. It took you by surprise, and Mac didn't handle it well."

"He cut me out of it. Like he's cut me out of Mom's life whenever he could since they met."

"You know I don't love the guy, but I don't actually think he means to. I get the sense he doesn't think things through."

"Whatever. I really don't feel like talking about it."

"Then let's talk about Glen. I'm starting to wonder if he had something to do with you leaving."

"What do you mean?"

"It's no question you like the boy. You've been interested in him for years."

"Yeah, so?" It looked like I hadn't hidden my crush particularly well.

"So? So why did you leave? Why not spend time with him?"

"Because he didn't want me. I misread some signs and ended up embarrassed." I looked out the window. It was too dark to see anything but the reflection of the fire. "You happy?"

"A boy who isn't interested in you just hired a private sleigh ride?" His voice dripped with skepticism.

I turned back. "I don't know. Maybe he's trying to make up for things. I couldn't tell you."

"You didn't know, yet you went on the ride with him?"

"What was I supposed to do?"

"Where does all this fear come from?"

"Fear?"

"Of inadequacy. Of being rejected and getting hurt? Of letting your walls down?"

"I don't feel that way."

"Yes you do, and I'm starting to think it's my fault. Mine and your mother's."

"Just drop it, Dad. Stop reading into things."

"How am I supposed to do that? You're losing weight, you've barely talked to me in a year, and I saw those pictures on your phone."

"Excuse me?" I scooted away from him.

"I saw the pictures of you and that guy that was easily twenty-five years old. Why would you be spending time with someone that much older than you?"

"I'm not sleeping with him."

"I should hope not."

"I don't like dating guys my age. There's too much drama that goes with it."

"Drama meaning that they are actually in the same world as you?"

"Just leave it alone."

"No. I can't leave this alone. I can't leave it alone unless I know you're okay."

"I'm fine. I'm completely fine."

"Like the sleigh ride was fine? I hate that word."

"I thought you taught me never use the word hate?"

He raised an eyebrow. "That doesn't mean I can't. I want you to be happy. I want you to be willing to take risks if that's what it takes to be happy."

I'm not sure what happened, but it's like the flood gates opened. I couldn't hold it in anymore. The tears started.

Dad appeared startled at first before he gently pulled me into his arms. "You care about him a lot."

I nodded, taking a few moments to compose myself before trying to talk through the tears. "So much. I knew I did before, and then after we kissed..." Had I just told my dad that?

"I realize you're old enough to be kissing boys, and I'm going to pretend that's all you're doing. But are you saying you felt even more after?"

"Yes. But he didn't want me. He said he didn't think he deserved me, but I know that isn't true."

"Wait, I thought you didn't ask him how he felt?"

I groaned. "Dad, you know what I mean."

"I don't, but I'll pretend. Let's jump forward. How did you feel tonight? How did it feel to spend time with him again?"

"Better than I've felt in ages. I feel like me around him. Like I can be myself."

"When are you going to see him again?"

"How do you know I'm going to see him?"

"Because of the look on your face when you walked in the door. And after you texted him."

"Is that a mistake?"

"I told you sometimes you have to take risks. This is one of those times. It's great to play things safe, but if you don't mix it up a little, you can't move forward. That make sense?"

"Kind of." I shrugged. "I'm going to call Jade."

"That's a friend from school?"

"Yeah. I'll see you in the morning." I kissed him on the cheek before walking into my room. I wasn't ready to admit that he was probably right. About everything.

I was ready to call Jade when I looked at the clock. She was on eastern time. It was way too late. Instead I texted Glen. How would you know you missed me more?

He replied immediately. Because I think about you all the time.

And I don't think about you?

I don't know. Do you?

Yes.

You said you'd see me tomorrow. Did you mean it?

Yes. I wasn't chickening out.

Are you sure I can't see you again tonight?

It's late. And I wasn't sure how much more I could take.

That never used to stop us.

But you aren't down the hall, are you?

No, but I'm not far.

Let's leave tonight with the sleigh ride. I don't want to ruin it.

We wouldn't ruin it. We could spend all night together without ruining it.

Spend all night together? The words sent shivers through me. Let's leave it at the sleigh ride.

I have to work tomorrow during the day.

Same place?

Yes. You going to stop by?

Maybe. I need to introduce you to Laney anyway. She thought you were cute.

Laney? And I don't care about anyone else thinking I'm cute.

She's Dalton's little sister. She seems to think I'm cool.

You are cool. Let's hang out tomorrow night.

I have dinner with my grandparents, but after that.

I'll pick you up at eight.

I hope I don't regret it

Do you regret tonight?

No. I went with honest. But I might later.

You won't. Sweet dreams.

Same to you.

They will be. They'll be of you.

Don't get corny on me.

The sleigh ride wasn't corny already?

No. The sleigh ride was perfect.

Perfect? That word again. Wow.

You know what I mean.

That kiss was perfect. Except that it ended and you tried to wipe it away.

Then maybe you'll have to kiss me again tomorrow night. Did I just type that? Why did flirting with Glen come so naturally?

I plan on kissing you. Kissing you more than once.

Getting a little bit confident, are you?

You bring that side out in me.

The door opened and Laney walked in.

Good night.

Good night. See you tomorrow.

I tossed my phone. "Hey."

"Hey." Laney sat down on her bed. "How was it?"

"Surprisingly nice." I bit back a smile. "How was your night? Good ice cream?"

"A really cute guy served it to us."

"Fun. Did you talk to him?"

Her eyes bugged out. "Are you kidding? With my mom and brother around?"

"I'll tell you what, why don't we go back over there tomorrow. Maybe he'll be working again."

"That sounds great, but your dad said you wouldn't want ice cream in the winter. That's why we didn't wait."

"Sometimes change is good."

Chapter Eleven

Glen

I could have walked home that night. Memories of Savy's touch warmed me in a way I didn't think I could feel anymore. I didn't want to stay by the building for too long because I still hadn't stopped by to see my parents yet, but I wasn't quite ready to go home. The ice rink was emptying out for the night, and I watched the stragglers as I reminisced about gliding around the rink with Savy. How had so much gone wrong in a single night?

I was saved from my over analysis when my phone rang. It was Winston. "Hey."

"Since you're picking up I assume you're not with her."

"I dropped her off a little while ago."

"Want me to give you a lift home?"

"I can walk."

"I stopped by the pub to get a drink with Tony. Meet me over in the circle."

"Sounds good." I hung up. Considering I had work in the morning, getting home earlier wasn't a bad thing. I had no clue how I was going to sleep with all the thoughts going through my head.

I found Winston parked exactly where he said he'd be. I opened the rusty door of his old Camry, glad that the thing didn't fall off. "Thanks for the ride."

"Thanks for the ride? I think there's more to say thank you for. How about putting up with your miserable ass for a year, and helping you put together a plan in just a few hours?"

"Thanks. I'll pay you back eventually."

"You won't, but that's not the point."

"It isn't?"

He pulled out of the lot and onto Frontage Rd. "It's Christmas. Isn't this the time for giving back?"

"Shut up."

"What? Aren't you the one who took your girl on a sleigh ride? Can you get more corny?"

My girl? I liked thinking about Savy that way. "We're hanging out tomorrow night."

"Oh yeah? Why does that matter to me?"

"Don't play dumb."

"Oh. That means I need to be scarce?"

"I need to talk to her somewhere without distractions. That means the apartment."

"'Talk?' Is that what you're calling it now?" He punched the dashboard. It was the only way to get the heat going in his car.

"Just give me the night. I've done the same for you."

"When?"

"That time."

"Ugh." He groaned. "Don't remind me."

I laughed. "No matter how bad it was, I slept on Cliff's couch for a night."

"Are you that sure you're going to get some?"

"It's not that."

"Oh yeah. It's so you have the freedom to talk without distraction." He pulled into a spot outside our building. "I know you don't 'talk' much, but don't steal any of my condoms."

"Get out of the car."

"It's my car."

I got out and started walking up the stairs toward our place. I couldn't complain considering how little we were paying in rent. We'd gotten a good deal thanks to a friend of Winston's, but it definitely lacked in curb appeal. If I knew Savy as well as I thought, she could care less, but she'd definitely realize things had changed for me. The question was whether that would work in my favor or against me.

***

"Glen!" Savy's voice had me grinning before I'd even turned around. She was standing there with Dalton and a teenage girl I assumed was Laney. I made sure my friend Ted had me covered before walking over to where Savy waited in line for the gondola. She looked so cute all decked out in snowboard gear. I'd been so distracted and surprised the day before that I'd barely noticed, but after the night we'd had, I could enjoy it more.

"Hey. Good timing. I was just about to start patrolling."

She smiled. It melted me. "I'm glad my dad made us wake up then. He said he refused to let us waste the day away."

"Wasting a day away is never a good thing." I wasn't even paying attention to what I was saying. All I could focus on was Savy's blue eyes and how they seemed lighter. She was happy to see me. The night before hadn't just been a fluke.

The girl I assumed was Laney cleared her throat.

"Oh sorry. Glen, this is Laney. Laney, this is Glen."

I held out my hand to her. "Nice to meet you."

She grinned. "Nice to meet you too. Savy told me all about you last night."

"Oh, did you now?" I smiled at Savy. She blushed, and I wanted to make her blush more-but for other reasons.

"I can't believe you hired a sleigh for her. That's so romantic."

Dalton laughed. "Don't mind Laney, she might be seventeen, but she still thinks she's going to be a Disney princess."

"I do not." She put a hand on her hip and glared at her brother. "It was romantic. No girl could deny it."

"What about you, Savannah?" Dalton turned to her. "Was it romantic?"

She glanced at me, before moving her gaze back over to Dalton. "Maybe."

"See." Laney smiled proudly. "Maybe with a smile means yes. Everyone knows that."

"Glen, a little help here," Ted called over.

"Sorry, I've got to go, but it was good seeing you."

"Are we still on for tonight?" she asked tentatively like she was afraid I'd say no.

"Of course. I'll pick you up at eight like we planned."

"Ok. Good."

I didn't waste the opening. I leaned in and kissed her lightly on the lips. Laney giggled as Savy looked up at me with surprise. "See you later."

"You definitely will." I walked back over to help again with the loading.

"He's so hot," Laney said loudly enough that I could hear. Unfortunately I couldn't hear Savy's response.

The rest of the day crawled until I was finally able to get off work and head home. I spent over an hour cleaning the place, I needed to make it look as appealing as possible. I knew nothing I could do could make up for the crappy furniture, but I'd do everything else possible.

My phone buzzed with a text at seven thirty. I smiled as I saw Savy's name. Finished early.

Oh yeah? Couldn't wait the extra half hour?

Do you think making fun of me is the way to go tonight? Wow. That wasn't a typical Savy response.

Make fun of you? I wouldn't dream of it. It's teasing. I'll be there in ten minutes.

Good.

I pocketed my phone and grabbed my keys. If she was gunning to see me, I wasn't going to leave her waiting. I drove around for a few minutes until I gave up and found a spot in the employee area of the garage. At least I could play the employee card.

I braced myself before heading upstairs. I hoped I wouldn't run into my parents, but I wasn't going to ask Savy to come out to meet me. I figured showing my face to Layden again wouldn't be a bad thing.

Layden was the one who opened the door after I knocked. "Nice to see you, Glen. It's been a while." He winked.

"Always nice to see you." I glanced around him into the main living space. I didn't see Savy anywhere.

"She's out on the porch." Her dad walked over. "Good to see you, Glen." There was something in his expression that made me pause. What did he know?

"Good to see you too, George."

"Could we have a little chat before you guys leave?" he asked, but we both knew he wasn't really asking.

"Sure."

I glanced back toward the hallway. I really hoped he didn't ask me to talk out there. The chance of seeing my parents would make it that much worse.

"Let's talk in here." He gestured to the couch.

"Thanks."

"I don't really understand what's going on, but I know what it's like to not want to see your parents." He spoke loudly enough for his father to hear.

Layden laughed. "Don't get him started on how horrible of a parent I was."

"You? I bet you were a good dad."

"Only on Wednesdays." He winked before walking into the kitchen.

"I don't need to know what's going on with your parents, but I do need to know what's going on between you and my daughter."

"I care about her a lot." That seemed like the simplest answer, but it didn't say enough. It's not like I could have told him I'd been thinking about her constantly and wanted her so bad it hurt.

"You care about her? Is that all you're going to give me here?"

"I've known her for years, and somewhere along the way I realized my feelings went beyond friendly."

"You realized that, huh?"

"Yes."

"I think we all realized that a long time ago."

"I'm not going to pretend I'm the best guy out there, but I'm not going to hurt her."

"Are you sure about that?" He glanced out on the porch. Savy was watching us and shaking her head at her dad. I hoped she would come in to rescue me soon.

"I hurt her, but I didn't mean to. I was trying to do what was best for her."

"What about what was best for you? Did that have anything to do with it?"

I shook my head. "No. I would have done the exact opposite of what I did if that's what I'd been thinking about."

"I was afraid you'd say that."

"Afraid?"

"That confirms what happened. I'm putting it together from the pieces."

"Oh." Great. Her dad knew we'd come close to having sex. Here was when he was going to tell me I couldn't take her out.

"She's an adult, so I'm not going to get in the way of her getting what she wants, but before you do anything this time, make sure it's what you want too. She's a strong girl, but she doesn't deserve heartbreak."

"I know exactly what I want. The trick will be finding out what she wants."

"You'll take care of her?"

"Yes. Is there a curfew?"

"She's an adult. She hasn't lived under my roof in ten years. No curfew, but be smart about things."

"I will be." I stood up.

"You ready?" Savy walked in followed closely by Laney.

"Yes. Are you?"

"Yes." She smiled lightly, and I knew it was her way of apologizing for her dad. She didn't need to. He was only looking out for her.

"Have fun." Laney waved.

"We will." I took Savy's hand and headed toward the door. I wanted to leave before George could ask me what we were going to do. I figured he wouldn't love the answer that we were going back to my place.

I kept her hand in mine the whole way down in the elevator and outside. Neither of us said anything, and I didn't mind. We'd have plenty of time to talk later. I was still trying to figure out how to tell her I was bringing her back to my place. I didn't want her to get the wrong idea.

She didn't let me put it off for long. She'd barely waited for me to open the door to the passenger side of my Outback before asking. "So where are we going?"

I walked around and got in before answering. "Don't take this the wrong way, but I thought we could hang out at my place. I made dessert, I've got egg nog, and I even have a movie."

"If you say Miracle on Thirty-Fourth Street I'm getting out of the car."

I backed out. Even a loose threat was too much of a risk to take. "No, I went way more modern. The Holiday."

"That's one of my favorites."

"I know." I knew a lot about her. All little details I'd been filing away for years. Some came from our time face-to-face, but just as much came from our hours of phone calls and texts.

"What kind of dessert did you make?"

"That's a surprise."

"A surprise, huh?"

"You have to come inside to get it."

"How scary is your place?"

"Not scary. Just rustic."

She laughed. "Rustic, huh?"

"It works."

"Are you going to tell me why you've got a rustic apartment in Vail?" She rested her hands in her lap.

I reached over and took her hand in mine. "I'll tell you anything and everything you want to know."

"If I brave entry to your place. I see how it is."

"It's dessert, one of your favorite movies, and answers." I ran my thumb over her hand gently. "Isn't that enough to make it worth coming in?"

"It's also good company."

"I'm glad you think I'm good company."

"How did you know I wasn't talking about Winston?" She laughed.

"He won't be there so I hope that isn't who you're coming to see."

She paled slightly. "So we're going to be alone?"

"Is that going to be a problem?" I held onto her hand for dear life. Here came the million dollar question, did she trust me enough to spend time alone with me?

"We've been alone together plenty of times."

"We have." Of course the last time we were alone together changed our friendship forever, but tonight would be different. I didn't actually expect to get her in my bed again yet, but if I did, she wouldn't be leaving it until the next morning after I'd had a chance to explore every last inch of her.

"How was your day?"

I smiled. Leave it to Savy to cut potential awkwardness by asking such a typical question. "It was fine, just dragged on too long."

"Don't you get cold?"

"Cold?"

"Standing out there all day."

"I don't mind the cold like you do."

"Everyone always says that, like something's wrong with me because I get cold easily."

"Nothing's wrong with you. You just weren't bred for the cold."

"Bred for it?"

"You know what I mean."

"And you're the one who said I should have looked at Boulder." She glanced out the window.

I was glad she hadn't. How much worse would everything have been if she'd been there and I'd left? "It's good you didn't. You're where you should be."

"Where I should be?" She turned back toward me. "Meaning over a thousand miles away from you?"

"No." I squeezed her hand. "That's not what I mean at all. I wish I got to see you more." Every night and every morning.

"Then what do you mean?"

I pulled into a parking spot and turned off the car. "I'll explain everything inside."

"All right, but the list of what we need to talk about is getting long."

I reluctantly dropped her hand so I could get out. "Luckily we have all night."

Her eyes widened. If I wasn't imagining things, those words were bringing the same images to her mind as they brought to mine.

I walked around the car and opened her door. She was still sitting there. Savy was the type that usually bolted from the car, so her reluctance meant something. I hoped she was just nervous. But she didn't need to be. She never had to be nervous with me.

I held out my hand. "Let's get you warmed up inside."

"The car was warm enough." She accepted my hand and got out.

I closed her door and led her up the stairs. I took a deep breath before opening the door to my apartment. I really hoped when I walked out with her she'd be holding my hand again.

She walked in and started glancing around. "Nice place."

"It serves its purpose."

"As a bachelor pad to bring girls home to?" She arched an eyebrow.

"You're the first girl I've brought here."

"That makes sense. You probably hook up with the tourists and go to their hotel rooms."

"Why are you talking like that?" I tried to keep my anger from bubbling to the surface. Was she trying to make me mad?

"I'm kidding." She unzipped her coat and folded it over one of the chairs at the table. "I do that when I'm nervous, you know that."

"Are you kidding?" I put a hand on her hip, needing to touch her in a more intimate way than hand holding. "Or is it something else we need to add to the list? I'm not okay with you thinking of me that way."

"I was kidding, but what does it matter what I think of you?"

I tugged lightly on her hip, and she lurched forward into my waiting arms. "Because I need you to see me for who I really am. To understand how ridiculously deep my feelings are for you."

She shivered in my arms, and I sensed it wasn't from the cold.

"You mean a lot to me, Savy. Maybe I haven't done the best job of showing you lately, but that doesn't change anything."

"How doesn't that change anything?" She didn't move away from me, and her breath was warm on my face as she spoke. "How can you say that? We haven't spoken in a year."

"Maybe not, but I've thought about you constantly."

"I know that feeling." She started to pull away.

I couldn't let her. I wasn't ready to feel the emptiness in my arms. I held on tighter. "You feel it too."

"Feel what?"

"It's still there. If anything it's even stronger now. It's like a year apart intensified it."

"I don't know what you're talking about." She looked down.

"Yes you do." I brushed my lips against hers. "You know exactly what I mean."

She closed her eyes. "I don't want to know it."

"Want has nothing to do with it. This is about need. There's an electricity. It's always been there, and I've never felt it with anyone else."

"Me either." Her words were whispered and she leaned forward, resting her head on my chest.

"Too bad it can't do all the talking for us."

"It can't."

"I know." I reluctantly pulled away, but only long enough to take her hand and walk her over to the couch. "Can I do anything to make you more comfortable?"

She sat down on the corner cushion stiffly. "I'm fine."

"I figure we can wait on dessert."

"Probably a good idea."

"Where should we start?" I sat down next to her, purposely leaving almost no space between us.

"Why'd you do it?"

I exhaled loudly. "Why'd I leave last year?"

"Yeah. Why did you walk out like that? I was offering myself to you, and I don't care what you say, you rejected me."

"I wasn't rejecting you. I know that's how it felt, and I can't sit here and tell you not to feel that way, but I really was doing it because I thought I had to."

"But why?"

"Because my life was falling apart, and I couldn't take you with me. I couldn't use you. I knew I couldn't give you what you needed."

"So why all this effort now? We both know we can't just be friends."

"Tell me one thing before I answer that."

"What?" She kicked off her boots before curling her feet up next to her on the couch.

"Are you happy?"

She shrugged. "Define happy."

"That's why I'm not staying away from you. I saw it in your eyes. You aren't happier without me, so why stay away? Why make us both miserable?"

"You haven't explained everything yet. You knew how I felt about you. Why couldn't you just be with me? Were you afraid I wanted something long term, and you didn't want to do long distance?"

I laughed dryly. "Are you serious?"

"Yeah. I mean why else would it be using me?"

"Because you were going away to school. I couldn't hold you back out of my own selfish needs."

"What about my needs?"

"What are your needs?" I rested a hand on her leg. I'd have given anything to get her jeans out of the way so I could touch her skin.

"To feel. To feel like myself, to feel love. To feel like I'm doing more than just fumbling my way through life."

"I wish I could take care of all those needs for you."

"I'm not asking you too."

"No. I'm the one asking you to let me."

"What if you change your mind again?"

"I can't. I can't change my mind. I can't get you out of my head, out of my dreams. I was being serious when I told you I haven't brought a girl back here. I've been so messed up about what happened, about not having you. I've refused to settle for anyone else."

"Why are you here? I still don't get it."

"I got kicked out of school." I settled back against the couch.

"Why?" She leaned forward. "What happened?"

"They said I broke the honor code, and I guess technically I did, but all I was doing was helping a friend."

"They kicked you out for helping someone?"

"It was a take home exam. It's a long story, but I got kicked out for it."

"How about the friend you were helping?"

"He's still there. He let me take the fall."

"Ouch."

"Yeah." My anger about it had started to fade. It was nothing compared to the regret I had about how things went down with Savy. "I can start classes again next year, but I'm not going to. I'm not going to go back there after everything."

She put her hands on both sides of my face. "When did you find out?"

"While we were here last year. I was going to tell you after you went back home, but then everything happened."

"That's why you seemed weird that night."

"I was trying to figure out what to do. I knew my parents were going to flip out."

"How did they react?"

"My dad immediately pulled strings to get me in somewhere else, but I said I wanted to take time off. They cut me off, but I was able to find a job here." I had no interest in going to school anywhere yet. I was burned out on the whole situation and needed a break. Working in Vail just made sense.

"And you've been living here this whole time?"

"Yeah."

"Wow. That's kind of crazy." Her expression was unreadable, but I saw no judgment. She was just trying to wrap her head around everything.

"Now, it's your turn."

"My turn?" She put a hand to her chest.

"Yes. What have you been up to?"

"I've been in school at Harrison."

"And that crack about older guys, that was just to make me mad, right?"

"Kind of."

"Meaning?"

"I've spent some time with older guys. You're supposed to date, so I have. I never let it go far though."

"Never let it get far... meaning you don't sleep with them?" I needed her answer to be no. I needed to know that my stupidity hadn't sent her running into the arms of men who had no right touching her.

"No. I'm still at the one time spot. Or I guess one time and one almost."

"I've filled in the blanks a lot."

"Filled in the blanks?"

"Of what it would have been like if I hadn't walked out of that room."

"Yeah? And how was it? Is the fantasy good?"

"Perfect." I pulled her up onto my lap so she was straddling me. If she minded she didn't show it. She just kept her blue eyes fixed on my face.

"I've missed you. I've missed how easy it is to talk to you."

"I've missed it too." I ran my hand through her hair. "I've missed the way you're looking at me."

"So what now?"

"I think most of that is up to you."

"What do you mean?" She adjusted herself on my lap making it nearly impossible for me to stay in control. I had exactly what I'd wanted forever literally on top of me.

"You have to decide if you can forgive me. Whether you can get over how much of an idiot I was last year."

"You were trying to protect me. I get that. It just hurt. I thought there was something about me you didn't like."

"Something about you? Meaning your body?"

She shrugged. "You'd never seen me naked before."

"Your body is perfect. Absolutely perfect. I can still picture every inch of it." Thinking about her naked body had me even more turned on, and I knew she could feel it.

"I don't have body issues. I don't know why my dad is so worried, and Dalton practically accused me of having an eating disorder or something. I was just determined not to gain the freshman fifteen. Do I love my body? No. But what nineteen year old really does?"

"Well, I love your body."

"You have a funny way of showing it."

"If you'd let me, I'd show you just how much I love it." I waited nervously. It was a risky move, but I wasn't sure how much longer I could hold myself together. My jeans were my biggest enemy as she shifted on my lap again.

"It's only happening on one condition."

"What?" I'd have said yes to anything at that moment. I needed her. I needed her naked and beneath me. I needed her to be mine.

"You have to finish what you start this time. No stopping and changing your mind. I'm not letting you touch me, or remove any clothing until we get that straight."

"I'm not going to be able to stop myself if I know it's what you want. But those rules definitely don't apply to you. It's all in your hands. You want to take things slow, just say the word."

"I don't want to take things slow. I want to get back to exactly where we left off."

Chapter Twelve

Savannah

I didn't think. I let my emotions take over, and I pushed any shred of common sense out of my head. I wanted Glen. I needed Glen, and I was going to get him.

"Are you sure?" His eyes didn't agree with the words coming out of his mouth. They were running up and down my body greedily. Now I just needed his hands to follow suit.

"Yes. I've waited a year for this."

"Well, I've been waiting about five."

"Then stop waiting." I took a deep breath and mustered every ounce of confidence I had. I pulled off my sweater and tossed it onto the couch next to us. I was still wearing a cami, but it didn't exactly hide the pink bra I was wearing underneath.

"I like the color."

"Really? I guessed right that pink was your favorite color." If I could keep things light everything would work.

"You know me too well." He slid one strap of my tank top down my shoulder and brushed his lips over my skin.

"Mmm."

"Your skin is so soft."

"So are your lips."

"As are yours." He kissed me lightly.

Something snapped. Why was I rushing this? Why was I doing exactly what I'd done the year before? I needed to put on the breaks before I ruined what could be a good thing. If this was meant to happen, it needed to be more natural. "I changed my mind."

"About this?" He sat back.

"Not completely. But maybe we should take it slow."

"Do you want me to take you home?" His face fell.

"No. I actually want to spend the night."

"Uh, Savy. You're confusing me here."

"I want to spend the night without sex. I want to see what that's like."

"Oh. That's fine with me. I want to spend any and all time with you I can. Obviously I want you..."

"Yeah. I can tell." The bulge in his pants was kind of hard to miss.

He shrugged. "Can't blame me for that."

"Nope." I started to slide off his lap.

He stopped me by putting his hands on my hips. "But that's not all I want from you."

"Did you really rent The Holiday?" I grabbed my sweater and pulled it back on over my head.

He helped me pull it down. "Of course. I also made you a super special desert. Remember?"

"I can't believe you baked."

"Who said anything about baking?" He gently moved me off his lap and walked toward his kitchen. "Close your eyes."

"I'm not sure it's safe."

He laughed. "I assure you, it's safe."

"Ok." I closed my eyes. I'd found I trusted Glen as much as I always had. Despite everything I could tell he cared about me, and in the end that's what mattered.

"Tell me what it is."

I accepted the chocolaty bite he pushed against my lips. "No bakes. You made me no-bake cookies." I opened my eyes and looked right into his.

"They are your favorite still, right?"

"Yes." I kissed him. "You're the best."

"Glad you think so. Let me get the movie and blanket ready."

"This is really perfect."

"It is, isn't it?" He popped in the movie and came back to sit next to me. He put his arm around me and we settled in to watch.

I usually watched The Holiday at least twice each year, but I couldn't make myself watch any Christmas movies that year, which was crazy for me. I'd even walked out of my room when my roommate started watching a marathon of romantic ones on the Hallmark Channel.

"Savy?" Glen whispered in my ear sometime later.

I blinked. I must have nearly fallen asleep. "Hey, sorry."

"Don't say sorry, but the movie is over."

"Oh. Wow. I didn't really sleep well last night."

"Any particular reason?" He adjusted his arm around me.

"Too much to think about."

"I know that feeling. I know I'll sleep better tonight if you were serious about staying."

"I am. I'm going to text my dad so he doesn't worry."

"He's not going to freak is he?"

"I'll be honest."

"Honest?"

I pulled out my phone. Staying at Glen's but not in any sort of bad way. In other words a healthy risk ;)

"Did you just wink at your dad?"

"Trust me, he'll get it."

"Sure he will... You say that until he shows up here with a baseball bat."

I laughed. "My dad? I'd worry more about my grandpa."

"But your grandpa loves me."

"But would he love you sleeping in the same bed with me?"

"Probably not... but what he doesn't know can't hurt him."

Healthy risk? You're learning. Call me at any point if you want a ride home.

Thanks. See you in the morning.

Night hun.

"Ok, that was weird."

"We had a chat today. It's all good."

He laughed. "It's all good?"

"Yup."

"Ready to move to my room?" There was something nervous about the way he said it.

"I'm ready."

He stood up and took my hand. We walked down the small hallway to his room. "The bathroom is through that door over there."

"Thanks. I wouldn't want to accidently walk into Winston's room instead tonight."

"He's staying elsewhere."

"Oh. I see." She looked away.

"Don't read into it. I wasn't expecting anything. I wanted us to have time to talk."

"And we did. And we had time to cuddle on the couch."

"And we'll have time to sleep together without sleeping together." He walked into his cramped room. "Hope it's ok. I promise I changed the sheets."

"I believe you." I sat down on the edge of his bed.

"Want something of mine to sleep in?"

"Could I borrow a t-shirt?"

"Yeah, of course." He pulled a worn in t-shirt out of his drawer. A quick glance inside the drawer told me exactly what I'd expected. He was still as messy as always, but he'd made an effort to clean up for me. I decided not to let on and gladly accepted the t-shirt.

"Will you be warm enough in that?"

"Isn't it going to be your job to keep me warm?" I smiled, before heading off to the corner of his room. Teasing him came so naturally.

"Do you want me to leave while you change?" he asked.

"No." I replied without turning around. I pulled off my sweater and cami and slipped into his shirt. I pulled my arms out of the sleeves long enough to take off my bra. Finally I slipped out of my jeans. I folded my clothes up and placed them on the top of his dresser. "Ok, now I'm cold."

He was standing next to his bed in nothing but a pair of boxers. One look at him had my whole body warming. "You okay?" He pulled back the sheets and comforter.

"Fine." I slipped into his bed. I shivered as my bare legs made contact with his cold sheets.

He pulled me into his arms, wrapping his legs and arms around me.

"How are you so much warmer than me?"

"We've been over this. You weren't bred for the cold."

"Maybe that makes us a better fit. You run warm and I run cold."

"What you're saying is you're going to cool me down in the summer?"

"If I ever get to lie in bed with you in the summer we'll find out."

"Promise me it will happen." He left tiny kisses on my shoulder. "Promise me this is something that's going to happen again."

"That's the kind of promise that takes two people." I kissed his neck. I'd always wanted to kiss him there and now it was literally staring me in the face.

"I'm ready to make the promise."

"You're different."

"Good different? Or bad?"

"Good. I mean you're still you, but something's different."

"I could say the same thing about you." He loosened his legs around me.

"Don't move your legs."

"You're still cold?"

"No." I was perfectly warm. "I just like the way they feel."

"I like the way every part of you feels." He'd left the light on next to the bed, which meant I could still see his eyes. They were wide and so full of emotion. "I'm so crazy about you that it scares me. I have so many memories, thoughts, and feelings that constantly fill my mind. I don't even know how I made it an entire year without talking to you."

"Why do you think I never slept with anyone? No one else was you. I still count my first time as a mistake, and I want to make sure my second time isn't."

"I need you to know something." He moved so he was hovering over me. He held his weight with his arms.

"What?" I tried to ignore the growing ache to reach out and touch him.

"If anything like that happens with us it's not going to be a mistake. I wouldn't have you here if I wasn't committed to making this work. I'm not going to use you, or leave you. It's going to be the real deal. It would be impossible for us to keep anything just physical or just temporary. Those feelings between us are too real and intense. Once we go down that road, we're not turning back. We've already suffered for a year, and I'm not letting that happen again."

I reached up and wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him down on top of me. The weight of him felt so good, so reassuring. "I might regret saying this, and it might ruin everything, but I'm tired of holding back. I'm tired of lying to myself and everyone else. I love you. I've been in love with you for longer than I want to admit, and any chance I had of pretending those feelings aren't real are gone now. Part of what hurt so bad last year is that I realized what your rejection meant. I realized that I was never going to have a chance to push those feelings where they begged to go." I forced myself to watch, to see what effect my words would have.

His eyes lit up. "I love you, too. I've been in love with you for longer than I knew what love meant, and it's why I did what I did last year. Part of my feelings for you involve protectiveness, and I wanted to protect you from me."

"I don't want protection from you. I want you."

"And you have me."

"You have me too." I ran my hand down his chest. "All of me."

"You sure? We don't have to do anything tonight." I could see the struggle in his face. "I'll wait as long as you want."

"I'm completely sure." I kissed him, hoping my lips could get across my message. He kissed me back, his lips warm as they moved against mine. He sucked on my lip, and I moaned. He eagerly moved into my mouth.

His hand slipped under my t-shirt, and he cupped my breast. I moaned again, loving the feel of his hand on me. I wanted more contact, so I broke the kiss, pushing him off and offsetting the covers.

He watched as I pulled the t-shirt up over my head. "You're so beautiful."

I lay back down as he ran his hands down my body. He hesitated at my panties for a moment, before slipping a finger underneath the elastic. "May I?"

"I already told you I was all yours."

He pulled off my panties and took the t-shirt I still held in my hands. He tossed them both to the end of the bed. "You look fantastic. And I don't know what everyone's worried about. You haven't lost weight, which is a good thing, but wow, you've been working out." He ran his fingers over my abs.

"You can tell I haven't lost weight?" Did he really know my body that well?

"I already told you I remember every inch of you." He let his hands continue to roam my body. "After tonight I'll also know what every inch of you feels and tastes like."

"I'm hoping I'll be able to say the same thing about you." I reached into his boxers and took him in my hand.

He groaned. "That makes two of us."

Chapter Thirteen

Glen

If it weren't for her touch, I would have thought I was dreaming. That was the most logical explanation for how I had Savy naked in my bed watching me with those sexy doe eyes of hers as she stroked me in a way no woman ever had. It was gentle and let me know how much she cared.

I struggled to stay in control. I had to make tonight perfect, which meant I couldn't enjoy her touch too much yet.

I stilled her hand. "As good as that feels, I need to concentrate on something else right now."

"What?" She leaned up on her elbows slightly.

I hovered over her, making her lie back down. "You."

I slipped my hand between her legs. She tensed, so I gently brushed my lips against hers. That did the trick. She relaxed and opened up to me. She was wet and ready for my fingers, and my body knew what else she was ready for. I tried to take in every bit of her response. Her eyes widening, her breath picking up, the way she seemed to try so hard to keep quiet, when all I wanted her to do was the opposite. "I want to hear how you feel. Please don't hold it in."

She moaned and opened her legs wider, and I loved knowing that I could make her feel so good, but also that I could make her feel so comfortable. My words meant something to her. She trusted me, and that was a trust I refused to ever break again.

"Please, Glen. I want you."

Those same words had been uttered in my fantasies over and over, but hearing them for real was so much better. I unwrapped a condom and got myself positioned over her. I enjoyed the moment, embedding the expression of anticipation on her face into my mind where I could see it anytime I wanted. "I love you, Savy." It felt so good to say those words out loud so freely, and it felt even better once I thrust inside her.

"I love you too, Glen," she said in almost a whimper as I continued to move inside her. I started off slowly, wanting to make sure I didn't hurt her. I gradually thrust in deeper until the full length of me was buried inside her. She wrapped her legs around me, and I continued letting her cries of passion fuel me.

"Glen!" Her body heaved, and I knew I couldn't hold on much longer. I shuddered and reached my release. I'd never felt such satisfaction in my life. It went beyond the physical, and I knew that it was going to get better and better the more time we spent together.

I rolled off her and pulled her into my arms. "You're amazing. Absolutely amazing."

"So are you." Tears spilled down her face.

"Are you okay?" I sat up as fear took over. "Did I hurt you?"

"No. Not at all." She pulled me down next to her. "They're happy tears."

"Oh." I ran my hand through her hair. "Those kind are okay."

"How is this going to work now?" She rolled onto her side.

"We're going to do this as often as possible." I smiled.

"I mean after this week. I know you promised this wasn't a temporary thing, but what happens when I leave?"

"Here's what I think."

"I'm listening." She leaned up on her elbow.

"We've had years of experience doing the whole long distance thing. We talked and texted all the time and enjoyed our time together. Now it's going to be normal that we do it. And we get to really enjoy our time together."

She laughed. "True, but will it be more than once a year? Can we really make this work?"

"It will be way more than once a year. You think I can stay away from you that long?"

She grinned. "No, especially because there's going to be no phone sex."

"You say that now, I give you twenty-four hours after leaving."

"Want to bet?"

"Only if you get something for losing, I want you to be properly incentivized."

She started to giggle, and she pulled me down on top of her. "Maybe you can incentivize me more tonight."

"Ready for more already?"

"You said we're going to really enjoy our time together."

"Oh, we are." I kissed her, ready to enjoy every second of our night.

***

I woke up the next morning to the sound of Savy's phone vibrating against my nightstand. We'd barely slept, so I picked it up quickly to silence it so it wouldn't wake her up. I expected it to be her dad, but it was her friend Jade. From what Savy had told me the night before when I was asking her a billion questions about her life at college, she was a close friend. I set the phone down so she would leave a message. The phone buzzed and then it buzzed again with a text. My curiosity got to me so I glanced at the screen.

How'd the date with Glen go? I'm dying here. I grinned from ear to ear. She'd told her friend about me.

I heard some more buzzing so I looked again.

Come on, I have to leave for my grandparents' soon. Did he kiss you again? Was it as good?

OMG are you with him? Is that why you aren't replying?

I glanced over to where Savy slept. The Savy I knew wouldn't mind me texting her friend back, but maybe she'd changed.

Did you spend the night with him??

I couldn't resist. I had to do it. I replied. She did.

Uh, who is this?

Glen. Savy's sleeping.

In your bed or hers?

Mine.

Just so you know, if you hurt her, I kill you.

That's fair. I don't plan to hurt her.

You have in the past.

I have, but I love her, and I'm going to be careful.

Does she know you love her?

Yes. I told her many times last night.

Tell her to call me later, and Merry Christmas!

Same to you. I'm feeling in the holiday spirit suddenly.

And that wouldn't have anything to with the girl whose phone this is?

It has everything to do with her.

"Glen? What are you doing?" Savy grabbed her phone from me. "Were you texting with Jade?" She typed something into her phone. She was taking over the conversation.

"She asked a question, I was merely answering."

"I should be annoyed right now." She pouted.

"But you're not."

"Nope." She smiled. "But promise me you wouldn't have done that if it was my dad."

"I do value my life."

"Good, because I want to be able to spend as much of the rest of this week with you as possible."

"You'll be spending all of it with me once I take care of something."

"And what's that?" She pulled the comforter up around her, and I didn't blame her. It was cold.

"I have to talk to my parents." Now that I'd fixed things with Savy, I needed to deal with the other strained relationship in my life. I was done avoiding them.

"Want me to come with you?"

"How about you strategically show up and save me?"

She curled into my side. "I can arrange that."

"I should probably get you home soon."

"You should, but you have one other job to do first."

"And what job is that?"

"Warming me up." She threw off the covers. "And you're not getting any help from the blankets."

"I don't need help." I moved over her. "Warming you up happens to be my specialty."

***

An hour and an amazing shower with Savy later, I'd finally dropped her off. Lucky for me the only one home was Laney. She grinned at us, and quickly pulled Savy inside.

"Call me or text me when you want me to come over." Savy stood just inside the doorway.

"I don't want you waiting around for me. Go out and enjoy the day."

"We need to wait for everyone else anyway," Laney quickly replied. "We're going snowmobiling. I've never done that before. Want to come?"

"He does." Savy answered for me. "Don't you?"

I smiled, loving how happy having me around made her. "Absolutely. Hopefully this doesn't take too long." I kissed Savy goodbye and walked down the hall.

I hesitated outside the door to my parents' condo. It had been months since I'd talked to either of them, and the last conversation hadn't been pretty. They'd told me that if I didn't agree to transfer schools they were cutting me off. They hadn't just meant financially. I wasn't surprised that my dad had reacted that way, but I'd expected my mom to cave. And maybe she had. I'd been ignoring her calls for weeks.

I knocked on the door, half hoping no one was there. My mom opened the door. "Glen!" She pulled me into a hug. That wasn't the response I was expecting.

She didn't release me for a few moments, and I didn't try to either. Finally she stepped back and just looked at me. "You look good. How are you?"

"Hey, mom. I'm doing well." I was now. One night with Savy had changed everything.

"We were wondering when you were going to come by." She was smiling. That was also something I hadn't expected.

"We? Dad was too?"

"Yes. He misses you. We both do."

"You have a funny way of showing it." I followed her into the living room. I wasn't going to let the initial response get me too comfortable. I was positive my dad wasn't going to be quite so welcoming.

"You know we love you. We both care about you, but we just don't understand your decisions."

"I was trying to help a friend."

"We understand that one. But taking the fall? Refusing to transfer schools?"

"It was the principle. The dean wouldn't listen to reason."

"And we respect that." Dad walked into the room. "You felt duty bound to protect a friend, but sometimes in life you have to think about yourself too. About your own future."

"I do think about my future."

"And what are your plans then? You can't mean to spend the rest of your life working here." Dad wasn't smiling. I wasn't surprised.

"I was thinking of looking at some other schools."

"Oh really? That's news."

"I've had the chance to do some thinking." I needed to find a way to give Savy what she deserved.

"And those other schools wouldn't happen to be located in South Carolina, would they?" he asked.

"Uh, what makes you say that?"

"Layden Fells may have mentioned you have been spending time with Savy again." His expression was unreadable, so I decided to tread lightly.

"Yes. I have."

"She's a lovely girl." Mom's expression was very readable. She loved Savy, and she wasn't hiding it.

"She is." I smiled. I couldn't help it. Savy wanted to be with me, and that thought made everything else seem inconsequential.

Dad's lips twisted up into a smile. "I'm sure the admissions office at Harrison would consider a transfer application for next fall. If you need our help with it just let us know."

I wasn't sure what to make of their reaction. What happened to the angry rants of a few months before? Had the fact that I hadn't come crawling back to them for money and help worked? Did they understand I was going to have to find my own way? "Thanks. I'll keep you posted."

"What are your plans for the rest of the week?"

"Maybe going snowmobiling with the Fells today. I work tomorrow and then hopefully spending Christmas with you guys if you're willing to have me. Well and Savy too."

"Wonderful." Mom smiled. "Maybe we can do something together with the Fell's like we used to."

"Sounds great, but is it ok if I bring my roommate? He's here for the holidays."

"Absolutely. You know we always end up with too much food."

I wasn't sure whether Winston would be interested, but I needed to at least ask. He didn't have any family around, and he'd proven himself to be a good friend the last few days.

"Go have fun with Savannah. We'll catch up tonight."

"Thanks." I hugged them both. "I've missed you guys."

"We've missed you too."

Chapter Fourteen

Savannah

I couldn't believe I had agreed to go snowmobiling. Evidently it was one of the planned activities my dad had eluded to. Adding Glen into the mix was easy, especially since I had no intention of driving a snowmobile myself. I was more than happy to get my view while holding onto Glen. Driving a car was the only kind of driving I did, and it wasn't my strong suite.

To his credit, my dad didn't say a word about the change between Glen and me. He seemed to accept we'd worked things out on our own, and he was glad I was enjoying myself. I'd tell him eventually, but I just wanted to get the most of every minute I had with Glen and my family.

My dad pulled me aside when we reached the lodge where we were meeting for our snowmobile tour. "Can we talk for a second?"

"Sure." I was in such a good mood that I felt prepared for whatever he threw at me.

"You seem to be getting along well with Dalton and Laney."

I nodded. "I like them. They're really down to earth and fun."

"That's great." Dad looked off into the distance.

"Dad? Is there something you want to tell me?"

He looked at me. "How would you feel about spending more time with them? And Gina?"

"I want you to be happy, and Gina makes you happy."

"But what about you? What would make you happy?"

I smiled. "You already made me happy by even talking to me about this."

"Does that mean you're giving me a green light here?"

"Did you really need my approval?"

"Yes. Yes I did."

I hugged him. I held onto him for a full minute before I finally let go. "Love you, Dad."

"Love you too, kid. Now go have fun." He patted my shoulder, and I walked over to where everyone else waited.

We went on a two hour tour through the picturesque snowy landscape. The wind was biting, but it didn't seem nearly as bad when I held onto Glen. He knew exactly what he was doing, but I could tell he was trying to keep his speed in check for my sake. I loved that without me telling him, he knew exactly how I felt. Eventually he slowed to a stop as we returned to the lodge we'd left from.

"You doing all right there?" He helped me down and pulled off my helmet.

"I think so, you're good at that."

"It's more enjoyable with your hands on me."

"I like having my hands on you."

He grinned. "You have permission to have your hands on me anytime."

"That permission goes both ways." I kissed him on the cheek and walked over to where Dalton and Laney waited. My dad and Gina had fallen a little ways behind.

"Don't tease me," Glen called after me.

"I wouldn't dream of it."

Dalton rolled his eyes and Laney grinned. I was really starting to enjoy their company.

Exhausted and cold, we split from my Dad and Gina and decided to head over to a hot tub when we got back to the condo. Glen had to run over to his apartment to grab a swimsuit, so he told us to go on ahead. Laney was bursting at the seams to go, so I agreed. I hoped I'd still be in the water when Glen got back.

I hesitated inside the door to the deck where the hot tubs were before making a run for the water. I threw down my towel, and slipped in next to Laney. The water felt unbearably hot at first, but then it became relaxing. I tried to keep as much of my body in the water as possible to avoid the chilly wind. Despite the cold, it was a beautiful setting. The snow covered mountain dotted with evergreen trees was so breathtaking it almost looked fake.

"Are you ready to tell us about last night?" Dalton asked with a quick glance over his shoulder. It was only two o'clock and earlier than the usual hot tub rush. Most people were still out on the slopes.

"What do you think happened?" I eyed Laney. Wasn't Dalton the one who was worried about me being a bad influence on his sister?

Laney groaned. "Oh come on. I'm not a baby. You can talk about sex in front of me."

Dalton shook his head. "No, no we can't."

"Laney has a point. She isn't a kid."

"She is to me."

Laney rolled her eyes and picked up her phone from where she left it just outside the hot tub. She was kind of attached to the thing.

"Ok, then let's change the subject."

"But you guys are together now, right?" Evidently Dalton wasn't ready to drop it yet.

"We are," I said without wavering. I believed Glen when he said he knew we could make it work. If we both wanted it badly enough it was possible.

"Look at that confidence." Dalton grinned. "Glad it worked out for you."

"I'm happy."

"And happy is a good thing."

"Like making friends is?" I arched an eyebrow.

"Oh my god. On my god." Laney looked like she was in a state of shock.

"What?" Dalton asked with alarm.

"I got in! I got into Harrison!"

"What? Now?" I found myself getting as excited as she was. "That's so awesome! Congratulations!"

She held up her phone. "Just got the email!"

"That's amazing, Laney. Congrats!" Dalton beamed.

"Ahh, I have to tell Mom!"

"Hey, did I miss something?" Glen stripped down to just his swimsuit and got into the hot tub right next to me.

"Laney got into Harrison!" I liked the idea of us going to the same school. She was fun to be around.

"Congratulations!" Glen smiled. "That's great news."

Laney hopped out and grabbed her towel. "I'm going to tell Mom."

"I'll go with you." Dalton got out. "Don't stay out here too long." He winked as he followed Laney back inside.

"Looks like you're going to have some company at school next year." Glen put an arm around me.

"Yeah, I'm excited about it." If only Glen could move closer too. That would make things even better.

"We'll all have to celebrate later. I bet my Dad has some champagne he'd be more than happy to break out early."

"Sounds great." I snuggled into his side.

"You look great. I may have seen you in even less last night and this morning, but that bikini is kind of killing me."

"Well, seeing you shirtless is hard on me too."

"Is it?" He brushed his lips against mine.

"And that's making it worse." I glanced up as something cold fell on my face. "It's snowing."

"Is it me, or do you actually sound excited about that?"

"I am... it's Christmas Eve tomorrow, snow is a good thing."

"I knew I'd get that Christmas spirit back."

"You know what would help even more?"

"What?"

"If you kissed me again."

"I think I can manage that." He cupped my face with his hands. "I plan to do that any chance I get."

My planned reply of 'me too' was lost as his lips met mine.

I got lost in the kiss, and I needed more. I wrapped my arms around his neck and crawled into his lap. I didn't want any space between us.

Throat clearing had me jumping to the other side of the hot tub. "Oh, it's just you." I let out a deep breath. "I thought you were my dad."

Dalton laughed. "It would have been, but I had a feeling I'd find you guys this way. Any chance you can uh, finish this up later? Laney is dying to go celebrate."

"Of course," Glen answered for us. "I was just telling Savy I need to ask my dad for some champagne."

"You were just asking her that?" Dalton raised an eyebrow.

"Maybe a few minutes ago." Glen hopped out and got my towel ready for me.

"Thank you." I eagerly accepted the towel from him before running inside. Being wet outside in that weather was painful.

Glen followed right behind with Dalton.

"I think we should go out for ice cream."

"Ice cream?" Both guys looked at me.

"Yeah. I think it's just what Laney needs." I hoped a certain boy was working the counter. The only thing that was going to make things even better for her was a phone number.

***

Christmas Eve was so much better that year. I spent the morning snowboarding with my Dad, and that afternoon the whole family went over to listen to a choir sing in the center of Lionshead. It was beautiful and put me in such an amazing mood. The only thing that could have made it better would have been if Glen could have joined us, but he had to work. I tried not to dwell on it because I knew he'd be around that night.

There was something magical about the mountains at Christmas time. The snow everywhere made everything that much more festive. After the concert we all went back to the condo to hang out before Glen, his parents, and his roommate joined us. My grandma and Gina were busy cooking in the kitchen, and the rest of us hung out around the fireplace drinking my seasonal favorite drink, egg nog made with Southern Comfort.

A knock on the door had me jumping out of my seat. I really hoped it was Glen. I wrenched open the door, and when I saw him on the other side I practically jumped into his arms.

"Miss me?"

"Just a little."

He kissed me on the cheek. "I got here as soon as I could. My parents will probably be over in twenty minutes or so."

After he said hello to everyone we walked outside onto the balcony. I wrapped my coat around me.

"I wanted to talk to you about something." He walked around the corner to the one spot no one inside could see us.

"About what?" Normally I would have been panicking, but he seemed happy. I refused to assume the worst.

"Your present."

"What do you mean? You didn't have to get me anything." We had an unofficial rule never to buy each other gifts. We'd never done it in ten years.

"Of course I did. You already got me the best gift ever."

I stared at him. "What are you talking about?"

"You. You gave me you."

"Well then you've already given me a gift too. That is if I get to keep you."

"Of course you get to keep me. You've had my heart for a while. Now you get the full package."

I pushed his arm. "The full package, huh? I'm guessing there's no returns."

"Nope. No returns."

"I wish you were the kind of package that could be shipped."

"Shipped, huh?"

"Or packed in my luggage. That is if you wanted to be."

"Would I want to be in your suitcase? Not particularly because I don't like small places, but would I want to go with you? Well, you know that answer."

"Good."

"Ready for your second gift?"

"I'm ready for anything from you." I meant it.

"It's not much yet, but it's going to get even better." He handed me a gift wrapped package.

I carefully unwrapped it. "A journal. Cool."

"It's not just any journal."

"It's a really pretty one?" I ran my hand over the beautiful iridescent blue cover.

"Look inside."

I opened the front cover. Inside were a few lines written in Glen's handwriting. I can't wait to continue this new adventure with you, but I'll never forget how we got here. With Love, Glen.

"Thank you." My heart swelled. "Are we going to use this to record what we do together?"

He nodded. "Yes, but first look at the back cover."

I turned it over and opened it up. Inside was a picture of us as kids. We were grinning as we sat snuggled up in the back of a sleigh. He'd written a few lines. Ten years later, and you make me feel just as complete. Can't wait to see what happens after ten more.

The tears started pouring down my face before I could close the book. Glen's arms came around me. "I hope those are happy tears."

"Of course. The happiest of tears. But where did you find this picture?"

"I got some help from your grandfather."

I smiled. "I'll have to thank him."

"Are you ready for one last thing?"

"There's more?" I blinked a few times to clear my vision.

"Just this." He pulled out a small branch of mistletoe from his jacket pocket. "I figure it's a new tradition."

"I'm only kissing you on one condition."

"Yes?" He held the mistletoe over our heads.

"You promise we'll be kissing under mistletoe tomorrow. I need to know mistletoe kisses aren't bad luck."

He took my hand in his. "Savy, I plan on kissing you under mistletoe every Christmas for the rest of my life."

"Then what are you waiting for?" I smiled.

"For that smile, and it looks like I got it." He pressed his lips against mine, and once again, I lost myself in his kiss.

After several more kisses I finally tore myself away from him, and we walked inside. Everyone was hanging out by the fire, and I headed into the kitchen to pour Glen and I some egg nog.

Glen happily accepted his glass from me when I returned.

"Could I have everyone's attention for a minute?" My dad asked with a smile.

No one said anything, but we all looked at him.

"I have an important question to ask Gina, and I wanted to make sure I asked it when the entire family was here."

Glen reached for my hand and squeezed it.

Dad smiled at me before he walked over to where Gina stood with a hand over her mouth. He fell down on one knee in front of her. "Gina, you already know how much you mean to me, but I think it's about time we make it official. Will you do the honor of being my wife?"

Gina's 'yes' was drowned out by everyone's cheering. We all knew what her answer would be.

After I gave my congratulations Glen pulled me into his arms for another kiss. "Merry Christmas."

"Merry Christmas." I returned my lips to their favorite spot, pressed against his.

Chapter Fifteen

Savannah

Five Months Later

I packed up the last of my bags. I still couldn't believe that freshman year was over. I was filled with mixed feelings about finishing up school. On one hand I got a break from classes, but on the other hand I had more time to miss Glen. I'd really hoped we'd be able to find a way to spend the summer together, but it looked like I was going to be waiting until July to see him again. At least we had video chats and lots of texting to help pass the time. I just wished there was some end to all the waiting. If I had some date in the future when we'd at least live on the same coast it would have been so much easier to handle.

"Are you excited about living in the house next year?" Jade sat on the edge of my bare mattress.

"It will be better than the dorms."

"Yeah, I agree."

I picked up the last picture frame sitting on my desk. It was a picture of Glen and me from spring break. I'd used all of my extra spending money to fly out to Colorado to visit him. The trip had been worth every penny.

"You're missing him, huh?"

"Don't I always?"

She shrugged. "At least you have someone to miss. I don't even have that."

I sat down next to her. "You will."

"I hope so."

"I know so." I smiled. I was so much more upbeat about relationships now.

A knock on the door stopped Jade from replying.

I wasn't expecting anyone to stop by. Most of the dorm was empty already. "Who is it?" No one answered, so I slowly opened the door. "Glen!" I screamed his name and ran into his arms.

He picked me up. "Hey, love."

"What are you doing here? I thought you said you couldn't make it down until July." My heart was racing a mile a minute. I couldn't believe he was there.

"There's been a change in plans." He set me down but didn't let go of my hands.

"Oh?"

"I only need twelve more credits to get sophomore standing, so I'm taking them this summer."

"Taking them here?" My jaw dropped. Was he serious?

"Yeah, it was part of the deal when they accepted my transfer application."

"You're going to Harrison next year? You're going to be here?" I started to cry, and I didn't bother to stop the happy tears from spilling down my face.

"Looks like it. I'm actually going to be moving in with someone you kind of know. Jade helped set it up for me."

"With who?" I looked at Jade. "And how did you keep this from me?"

Jade grinned. "I wasn't going to ruin the surprise, and it's with Kyle. He was looking for a roommate so it worked out. And on that note, I'm out of here." She hugged me. "I'm going to go finish packing." She walked out of the room and closed the door behind her.

"I don't know what to say." I looked up at Glen. "This is unreal."

"Say you're excited. That you're glad I'm moving here."

"Excited is an understatement." I leaned up and wrapped my arms around his neck. "I'd rather show you." I pressed my lips against his.

I may have started the kiss, but he quickly took over. He pushed his way into my mouth, and I reveled in the familiar taste of him, needing more and more.

Eventually I broke the kiss. "It looks like I won't be spending so much time on the phone anymore."

"I can think of much better ways for you to spend your time."

"Oh yeah? Why don't you show me?"

"I was planning on it." He wrapped his arms around my waist. "And just so you know, when I told you I planned on kissing you under the mistletoe for the rest of my life, I wasn't just talking about Christmas. I'm going to install a permanent branch above my bed."

I laughed. "As if we need the excuse of mistletoe."

"Okay, good point. I'll just plan on kissing you for the rest of my life."

"That sounds perfect." I brushed my lips against his.

"Beyond perfect." He bit down on my lip lightly. "And one more thing."

"Yes?" I murmured without moving away.

"It looks like we're going to find out if you keep me cool at night."

I smiled. "I guess you do keep your promises."

"Always," he whispered against my ear. "Always and forever."

Want more Hazards? Jade's story (The Hazards of Sleeping with a Friend) is coming in March 2015. While you're waiting, be sure to check out the other books in the Hazards series: The Hazards of Skinny Dipping, The Hazards of a One Night Stand, and The Hazards of Sex on the Beach!

Keep reading for a preview of Cara and Chase's story: The Hazards of Sex on the Beach as well as a preview of A Very Grey Christmas by T.A. Foster

For more information about Alyssa Rose Ivy's books, please visit her online at:

twitter.com/AlyssaRoseIvy

He took a strand of my hair and studied it. "Is this your natural color?"

"Yes."

He dropped the strand. "I've never dated a girl with blonde hair."

"Well, you're not dating me."

He gently brushed his fingers down my bare arm. "No, but I want to kiss you."

"Then kiss me." I was used to pushy guys. The kind that knew what they wanted and took it.

"Okay." He smiled before leaning in.

The kiss was hesitant at first, the kind of kiss that gets your whole body excited because you know there's more to come. I waited-hoping he'd take it further. His hand slid just under the hem of my shirt, brushing against my skin. The touch was light, but it was still enough to get a response out of me. I moaned.

That must have been what he was waiting for. He deepened the kiss, pushing into my mouth with such force I was taken by surprise. I kissed him back, enjoying the sweet taste of his mouth, and the way his hand slowly inched its way up my stomach. Blazer moved from zero to sixty. I didn't mind it. I moved onto his lap, welcoming the arm he put around me to pull me closer. I wrapped my arms around his neck.

His hand moved higher, cupping my breast over my bra. I was drunk and hot, and so turned on I was going to lose it.

That's when the door to the roof opened. The loud laughter of a group of girls pulled me half out of my lustful stupor.

"Want to go for a walk?" His question was asking something else entirely. I knew that when I answered with an enthusiastic yes.

Blazer held my hand as we made our way through the crowds. I looked briefly for Gabriella, but I didn't see her. The normal Cara would have called her to tell her I was leaving with a random guy-but was Blazer random? We had chatted for hours already.

Before I could worry about it long, we were walking along the dark and nearly vacant beach. It was January on the South Carolina coast, and the crowds were months away.

"You never told me your name." He said it as a statement as he led me further away from the party.

"Cara."

"Hi, Cara. I'm Chase."

I smiled. "Isn't it a little late for introductions?" I stopped and turned toward the ocean.

"It's never too late." He drew something on my arm with his finger. The sensation felt good. I closed my eyes.

"You look so gorgeous. The moonlight, that look on your face."

I opened my eyes and his face was inches from mine. "If you've never dated a blonde, does that mean you've never had sex with one?"

"Why? Are you looking to change that?" His eyes were lidded.

"I'd like to." I slipped a finger into the waistband of his jeans.

"Should we go back to my hotel room, or do you have one?" He looked down. "I'm going to be honest here. I haven't done this before."

"Please don't tell me you're a virgin." That would be just my luck.

He laughed. "No. Not saying that at all. I just don't generally hook up with girls I've just met."

"At least you know my name."

"I do know your name, don't I, Cara?"

Something happened to me when he said my name. I needed him. I reached up again, wrapping my arms around him. I crushed my lips into his.

We came up for air only after ending up horizontal on the sand. He laughed. "Or we can just pick things up right here."

We were at the very end of the beach, half in the shadows created by the bright moonlight and the boardwalk. The thought of separating myself from this sexy guy didn't sound appealing. What did sound appealing was getting rid of that blazer-and his shirt.

I tried to slide the jacket off his shoulders, but it was impossible with him lying beneath me.

"There's something satisfying about watching a gorgeous girl struggle to undress me."

"You know what would satisfy me?"

"What?" His eyes widened.

"If you'd assist me in undressing you. This gorgeous girl only has so much patience."

"It says a lot that I'm getting half naked for you in fifty degree weather."

"I'm guessing you'd like to see me naked too?" I loved this surge of confidence. Maybe it was the vat, but it felt good, and I was taking it.

"Is that really a question?" He had already shed his jacket and was pulling off his white t-shirt.

"No. I can infer the answer from the location your eyes keep settling on."

He reached over and pulled my long sleeve t-shirt over my head. "Can you blame me? I haven't been with a blonde, and I haven't been with a girl with a set of breasts like yours."

"How would you know? You haven't even seen them yet." Teasing Chase came naturally. I'd never teased a guy. They were usually teasing me.

"That's a really good point." He reached around me and unclasped my bra before tossing it onto the sand.

For a brief second, I thought about the intelligence of what I was doing. Fooling around with a guy right out in the open was pretty crazy-but that's what made it so much hotter. Any doubts disappeared as he covered my breasts with his hand and mouth.

I moaned, leaning my head back in pleasure. The cold only made me more sensitive, and I couldn't get enough of his touch. He bit down lightly on my nipple before laying his head back to look at me. "Fuck, you're gorgeous." His free hand captured the breast his mouth had just released.

"You're not so bad looking yourself." I leaned down, tracing lines across his chest. He was muscular and toned in just the right way.

"I thought I was hot." He squeezed my breasts, as if to get my attention.

"You are. If you weren't, would I be lying here topless with you?"

"I don't know. Maybe you're not that concerned with looks."

"You think your sparkling personality is enough?" I worked on his belt and unbuttoned his jeans.

He grinned. "You think I'm letting you take that out in the cold?"

"Would you really say no to me right now?"

"I'd probably get in that water if it meant keeping you happy." He undid my button and zipper, brushing his hand gently across my cotton panties.

"Only probably?" I ran a hand through my hair, watching to see if that motion did its usual trick.

He moved from under me long enough to discard his pants. I took care of his boxer briefs myself. Before I could take care of my own remaining clothing, he had me pinned down on the sand as he slid them off me.

He kissed me hard on the mouth before moving his lips down to leave kisses all over my body. At the same time, his hand moved between my legs. A light breeze stung, but it was nothing compared to the sensation of his mouth and hand. I reached up and grabbed him.

"Don't read into the fact that I have a condom in my wallet." He fished one out and unwrapped it, all while keeping most of his body hovering above me to block the wind.

"We're about to have sex on the beach. I kind of assumed you had one."

His laugh died out as he kissed me again, this time with more hunger. "Here's to ending my blonde virginity." He thrust into me, and I gasped.

His lips moved to my neck as he continued to thrust. The sand was hard and uncomfortable beneath me, but I didn't care. All I cared about was the guy on top of me-and inside me.

"Chase." I tested out saying his name again now that I knew how it felt to have our bodies connected.

He grunted and continued to move faster and harder. I wrapped my legs around him, wanting him closer. I held onto his back with one hand while I buried the other in his dark brown hair. My body responded so well to his, everything felt hot and right, and then I felt out of control. I held on tighter. I'd never felt so aroused and euphoric in my life.

"Cara." He groaned my name before his entire body shuddered. He stayed on top of me for a second before rolling off.

"Wow." I quickly got dressed, unable to get the grin off my face. After a year and a half with Aaron, I'd never had sex that good. Chase was still lying on the sand watching me.

I bent down and kissed him on the lips. "Thanks, Chase. Great meeting you." I wasn't going to ruin a good thing by making him awkwardly attempt to let me down easy. I took matters into my own hands.

"Wait." He struggled into his clothes. "Aren't you going to give me your number?"

"Why?"

He buttoned his pants. "Because we just had sex. Hot sex might I add."

"Which is why we'll leave it that way. I'll always be your first blonde." I blew him a kiss before running back toward the party. I checked my phone. No missed call from Gabriella. Maybe she hadn't even noticed I was missing.

I walked back inside the house, hopping into line for the restroom. I was positive I looked like a complete mess.

"There you are!" Gabriella grabbed my arm and jumped into line next to me. "I've been looking for you everywhere."

I tried to compose myself. "Where's your friend?"

"Oh. He left. With someone else."

"That sucks."

"Yeah, but it's fine. I wouldn't want to ditch you anyway."

I looked away and smiled.

"What?" She pulled up her long dark hair into a bun.

"Nothing."

"Well, you seem better. Did the party work the way I thought it would? Did it show you there's life outside all that Greek crap you're into at school?"

"It's not crap. I love my sorority." Delta Mu and my sisters were the only things I had left at school.

"Fine. At least admit your fixation with frat guys is dumb. Especially that jerk you were with. There are so many better guys out there."

I tuned her out as we waited and thought about my hook up with Chase. Had I really just had sex on the beach?

The Hazards of Sex on the Beach is available now!

Want to stay up to date on Alyssa Rose Ivy's releases? Join her mailing list:

Keep reading for a preview of T.A. Foster's holiday romance, A Very Grey Christmas.

A Very Grey Christmas

T.A. Foster

I was getting ready to spend the single most important holiday of the year alone. Completely and utterly alone.

That meant he wouldn't be there Christmas Eve. No making Christmas cookies, or listening to my dad sing off-key while my mom bustled around wrapping last-minute gifts. No decorating the tree. No midnight Christmas kiss.

No waking up in Grey's arms. We were actually going to spend our very first Christmas in different states.

That was until Grey gave me the most unexpected gift of my life.

CHAPTER ONE

I zipped the side of my suitcase and slouched beside it on the bed. I knew it wouldn't be the same if I didn't go. How could it? I had spent every holiday with my parents for twenty-one years. I couldn't buck the trend for number twenty-two, even if it meant Grey stayed behind.

That meant he wouldn't be there Christmas Eve. No making Christmas cookies, or listening to my dad sing off-key while my mom bustled around wrapping last-minute gifts. No decorating the tree. No midnight Christmas kiss. No waking up in Grey's arms. We were actually going to spend our first Christmas in different states.

I latched the side of my carry-on. I wasn't taking a chance on losing the presents I had purchased for everyone back home with an airport snafu. I learned my lesson over spring break. They were packed tightly in my bag, wrapped in layers of Bubble Wrap. My boots were also tucked inside. They were the most special gift Grey had given me, and I wasn't about to check those with my regular luggage.

"You ready, darlin'? It's time. If we don't get on the road, you're going to miss your flight." Grey stood in the doorway.

My heart split in two. I couldn't do this. What in the hell was I doing?

"What's wrong?" He strolled to the bed and sat next to me.

"I-I don't want to go. I can't leave you here by yourself for Christmas. I don't know what I was thinking." I buried my face in my palms.

He brushed the hair off my shoulder. "Don't worry about me. I'm going to have dinner with Mac and Renee. I'm sure Connor will light the bonfire. He usually does that on Christmas night. It's a little island tradition."

Heavy tears slid down my cheeks. "But that's not the same." Spending Christmas with Connor sounded depressing and bachelor-like.

"Eden, I've never had big Christmases. I'm going to work and I'll be plenty busy. It's not a huge deal to me. But it is a huge deal to your parents that you're home with them. So, let's get going, or your dad is going to have a reason to be pissed at me. I've never met the man. I don't need a criminal record before I see him face to face."

I turned toward him, not caring that my face was streaked with mascara. "Won't you reconsider coming with me? Please, Grey." We had talked about it twenty times, but I wasn't ready to give up, even in the eleventh hour.

He shook his head. "No, this is important for your family. We had Thanksgiving together, and you'll be back for New Year's Eve. It's just Christmas."

"Just Christmas?" I didn't like the way he said it.

Christmas was my favorite holiday of the year. I thought it was everyone else's too. How could he make it seem as if it was as insignificant as Presidents' Day? This was the single most romantic holiday of the year. Valentine's Day was too cliche for me. Christmas was about sharing special moments and taking silly pictures. It was about cuddling on the couch and watching holiday movies. Christmas was about being together. It was everything we were not going to be.

"You know what I mean."

"No, I don't. Don't you love Christmas?"

"I didn't grow up like you did with parents who decorated and did the whole tree thing. I had Pops. Christmas was small."

"And he didn't put up a tree?" I couldn't imagine Grey growing up like that. I hadn't thought about whether Christmas was a painful time of year for him either. Maybe he would rather skip the whole thing.

"We had a tree, but it was one of those tabletop ones and it's not like I had a fireplace, so there wasn't a chance Santa was going to visit."

"What? Are you telling me Santa Claus did not visit you when you lived with Pops?" My jaw dropped. Grey had Christmas without Santa?

He stood and reached for my suitcase. "Come on, you're going to be late. We can talk about Santa later."

"Do you remember anything about Christmas with your parents? Did they believe in Santa?" I couldn't drop this. It was a revelation about Grey's past that was bigger than almost anything else he had told me. I stood rooted by the bed, praying his parents had enlisted Santa's help every year. That Grey knew there was something magical about Christmas.

"I was eight. I don't remember much about those early Christmases. But, yes, Santa visited. I had a stocking, and we had a tree. All that traditional stuff. I've got pictures around here somewhere." His eyes looked misty, but I knew Grey wasn't going to crack reminiscing about his childhood holidays. He always glossed over the topic.

"I want you to have that again." I pulled on his arm, holding him back in our bedroom. "Please come home with me. My parents do all of that stuff. And it's actually cold in North Carolina. It feels like Christmas there." Don't get me wrong, I loved palm trees, but they didn't really scream Christmas spirit. We needed a good showing of Douglas firs.

"I appreciate it, but you and I will have Christmas when you get back. Marin's parents have that big party for New Year's Eve. We've got lots of other holiday stuff planned."

I didn't want to get in an argument with him during my last few hours in Texas. I knew when to give him some space.

"All right." I cut the lights as we walked out of the room. The little beach cottage suddenly seemed sad and depressing. I had placed a poinsettia on the coffee table, and had strung up a few lights on the railing, but we opted not to add much since we wouldn't be together on Christmas Day. Now, I regretted it. Grey needed to know how much fun Christmas could be. Why hadn't I decorated the cottage like a Christmas wonderland?

I vowed right then we would never spend Christmas apart again. This would be the first and last time.

I followed him down the flight of stairs to the parking pad under the house where his truck was parked. We had to drive to the airport in Brownsville. At least I had some time with him before I had to leave. The wind whipped off the beach, and I caught my hair in a side ponytail as I climbed into the truck.

"Are we supposed to get a storm or something?" I hadn't paid attention to the South Padre weather lately. I was too busy watching the snow report back home. The local meteorologists were calling for five to six inches of fresh powder. I couldn't wait.

"Nothing for you to worry about. Your flight will be out of here before it hits the beach." He buckled his seat belt and put the truck in reverse.

I watched the blue beach cottage fade in the door's mirror. This was home now, but I was saying good-bye to it for an entire week. Nothing about this felt right.

