Chapter One

Field parties are about as much fun as they sound. It's just a bunch of kids getting wasted in the middle of nowhere as a way to pass the time. They were lame in high school and even lamer after a year spent away at college. Yet there I was, drinking my third Smirnoff (it was that or crappy beer) waiting for my friend to finish messing around with her boyfriend so she could drive me home.

I sighed, turning my back on the line of cars illuminating the pasture that was, thankfully, devoid of cows at the moment. Someone was blaring really bad music that I knew would be stuck in my head for a week.

"Hey, sorry!" Annie, my best friend since childhood, grabbed my arm. "I didn't mean to run off on you like that." Her face was flushed, and I knew my earlier assumption about her whereabouts was spot on. She and her boyfriend still lived with their parents, so they used whatever alone time they could find.

Annie had made plenty of time for me while I was home, but I sensed that I was getting in the way of the new life she'd created since I'd left the previous fall. I never planned to go back to Gasden that summer. I wanted to find something to do in Charleston, but it didn't happen. I needed a paycheck and a roof over my head, so I took my old job lifeguarding at the town pool for the fourth summer in a row.

"It's fine. Where's Greg?" I searched around the dense crowd for her boyfriend. Generally, he stayed pretty close to Annie when there were other men around. If Greg had a major fault, it was his over protectiveness.

"He ran into Jason." She brushed some of her long light brown hair behind her ear. My hair was about three shades darker, the darkest brown you could get before you called it black.

I groaned. "He's not going to bring him over here, is he?"

"I don't think so. But he's really not so bad. Didn't you guys have fun at the movies?" Her tone was light but excited. She was still on a high from her stolen time with Greg.

"No. I already told you he spent the whole time bragging about how cool his frat was." And going on about how many girls he'd been with. Why would that have made him seem more appealing to me?

"Maybe he's just intimidated by you. Guys sometimes brag like that when they feel insecure. " Annie smiled sweetly. That was the problem. It was impossible to be angry with a girl who smiled that way. Her whole personality was sweet as sugar. I tried to come off that way, but generally my true colors shone through. They weren't as sparkly as hers. "And you're in a sorority. Maybe he thought talking about his frat would impress you."

"It didn't work." All his talk did was make me miss college more. I'd almost survived the summer, only one week remained before I got to go back to campus for rush. I was dying to move into my sorority house.

"He's Greg's friend, and I got to know him much better this-" She stopped suddenly.

I sighed, taking another huge swig of my drink.

"Hey, girls!" The president of our graduating class, Becky, hugged us like she hadn't just seen us a few days before. She was just one of many people present at the party that I'd had no desire to see again after graduation. "How are you?"

"We're doing well." Annie smiled. Once again, she was the polite one.

"Have you heard from Jack at all?" Becky turned her attention to me, bringing up my ex-boyfriend like she was discussing the weather. Her low cut top left little to the imagination, and I wasn't sure why she felt the need to annoy us.

I fought down the real answer I wanted to give and put on the biggest smile I could muster. I'd found that the more enthusiastic you were, the less likely a mean person was to strike against you again. You took away their fun that way. "No. Not recently."

"Oh that's too bad. He was always such a cutie." She fluttered her eyelashes. I'm not kidding, she actually did that. "Ta ta, ladies. See you later."

Annie put a hand on my arm as soon as Becky walked away. "Don't let her get to you."

"I'm trying not to." I ignored the tightness in my chest that always developed when someone mentioned Jack's name. Despite all the good times we had, those memories were overshadowed by the way he dumped me. Being told you aren't good enough is the kind of experience you never forget.

Annie smiled sympathetically. "She's just jealous, and you know it."

"Yeah, yeah. I know." I said the words Annie wanted to hear. After a year and a half, she was probably getting tired of me reacting so infantile every time Jack's name came up in conversation. Too bad time didn't seem to make the hurt and humiliation go away.

"Okay, and keep that positive thinking right now."

"Why?" I followed her gaze. Greg and Jason were on their way over. Thankfully, at the last moment, Becky grabbed Jason's arm and Greg continued on without him. The triumphant smile Becky shot us made me grin. She thought she was stealing a guy I liked. Too bad she was actually doing me a favor.

Greg put his arm around Annie. "Some of the guys are setting up a bonfire down on the other side of the property. We should probably make sure it doesn't get out of hand, babe."

"Yeah, sounds like a good idea." She kissed him on the cheek.

"I think I'll stay here." I assumed the bonfire wasn't just cover to go hook up again, but either way, I was tired of being a third wheel.

"Really?" Annie asked me skeptically.

"Yeah. I might try to find a ride home."

"No. You can't leave yet! I can't have a party without you here." Annie's uncle owned the farm we were on, so in theory she was throwing the party. In reality, Greg was doing it all.

"All right. I'll hang out for a while."

"Yay! Text me if you need me." She squeezed my hand before walking away.

"Fantastic." I stood there by myself once again. The crowd had thinned down some, thanks to the bonfire, but luckily everyone was too drunk or too busy to notice me.

"Hey, pumpkin," a low and warm voice whispered in my ear.

I jumped, spilling my Smirnoff down the front of my navy tank top. "Damn it, Colton!"

"Good to see you too, babe." He picked me up and swung me around like I was a little kid or something.

I stepped back from him, taking in his muscular form. He was bigger than I remembered, but that sun tanned face and those killer blue eyes were exactly the same. Other than running into him over the holidays once, I hadn't seen him since graduating. "What are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be staying with your cousins this summer?"

"So you did ask around about me." He winked. "I'm back for a few weeks."

"Great." I fought to keep a smile from slipping out. I'd been friends with Colton my whole life, and I'd be lying if I didn't admit I was kind of glad to see him. He had one of those personalities that was perpetually upbeat. Generally, all it took was a few minutes with him to find myself in a better mood. I'd had a crush on him for years, but considering I spent half of high school dating his older brother, I never did anything with those feelings.

"Did you get the package I sent you?" He stuffed his hands in his back pockets and watched me expectantly.

"Yeah. I did." I thought about the large box that showed up on my doorstep two weeks before. It was full of the most random stuff, including magazines, figurines, and jolly ranchers. I loved jolly ranchers, especially watermelon. The gift wasn't a complete surprise. He'd been sending little care packages to me occasionally since we were kids. It all started when he drew my name in this secret Santa exchange we did with some friends in middle school. He'd put together this awesome package of goodies for me, and I jokingly told him he should give me gifts more often. The care packages became a long running inside joke.

I tried to hold onto our friendship when I left, but like with most of my friends, we'd drifted. I think the fact that he was a grade younger and still in high school made it even harder to stay connected. Of course, there was also the little detail of his brother breaking my heart into a million pieces. "Thanks."

"I was thinking about you." He tilted his head to the side slightly.

"Yeah?" I finished off the part of my drink that wasn't currently soaking into my shirt. "That was sweet."

"I know." He grinned. "I'm going to grab a beer. You want another drink?"

"Sure. You are the one who made me spill this one." I held up the empty bottle.

"I could help clean up your top if you want." He arched an eyebrow.

"I'm going to have to have a lot more to drink if you think that's happening."

"What happened to my light weight?" Thankfully, he spared me from having to listen to him detail all the times I got wasted off one or two drinks in high school. You'd never believe how crazy our 4H parties could get sometimes.

"She spent a year in college."

"Ah, I forgot. You're the cool, sophisticated sorority girl now."

"Shut up. I love Delta Mu." Just the mention of my sorority was exciting. I couldn't wait to get back to it.

"Sure you do. And I bet you love the frat guys just as much." He smirked.

"I dated a few." A few was a slight exaggeration. I'd spent nearly all of freshman year single.

"Spare me the details."

"If you insist." I watched Colton's retreating figure. He looked way too good in his jeans. Maybe I'd had more to drink than I thought. I couldn't think about Colton that way. I wasn't into guys from Gasden anymore, especially not that one.

Drinks in hand, Colton joined me again. He twisted off the top of a bottle before handing it to me. "I'm not sure how you drink these things."

"I don't know either, but it's better than the beer."

"What did you drink in college?" He walked toward the edge of the woods, and I followed. I was ready to get away from the crowd while I waited for Annie. Tucked in the near darkness of the trees, we escaped the loud music.

"Better stuff than this." I took a long sip of the sweet liquid.

"Oh yes. Sophisticated sorority girls drink far better things."

I pushed his shoulder. "Lay off, Colt."

"Where's your other half?" He didn't have to mention Annie's name. I knew exactly who he was referring to.

"Annie's off with Greg making sure no one sets the field on fire."

"She left you all alone to fend for yourself?" He took a big swig from his red plastic cup of beer.

"It looks like I'm not alone anymore... that is unless you're here with someone."

"I'll tell my girlfriend to hit the road."

"Girlfriend? I didn't know you were dating anyone."

"Is that jealousy I detect?" A smile lit up his face.

I shook my head. "Of course not."

"I'm here alone. Geez, pumpkin. You still can't take a joke."

"Don't call me pumpkin." I grimaced.

"Why not?"

"Because I was eight when I won that competition. I'm nineteen now." Even more than ten years later, the name made me squirm. Being named Little Miss Pumpkin of Johnson County wasn't my shining moment. I blame my mother for signing me up for that one.

"You'll always be my pumpkin."

"Go bother someone else." I looked around for Annie. She'd have to come back to look for me eventually.

Colt wrapped an arm around my waist and pulled me closer. "No. I'd rather bother you."

There was something kind of sexy about the motion, something more confident than his usual goofy flirting. His hand felt nice resting on my hip, so I let it stay. Was this really the same Colt? Since when did his touch have that kind of effect on me? "When did you get back to town?"

"About two hours ago."

"You didn't wait long to come out." I took a big sip of the drink. It was starting to taste a lot better.

"I took time for a shower."

"That was thoughtful of you."

"Planning on getting close to me tonight?" He watched me intently.

"Maybe." The flirtatious word flew out of my mouth without me realizing it. The alcohol and that smile of his was making me forget where I was. "Sorry."

"Why are you sorry?" He moved his hand, turning me and wrapping his other arm around me so my body was pressed against his.

"Colton..."

"Mallory..."

I laughed. "What are you doing?"

"What am I doing? You're the one telling me you might be getting close to me tonight." His hand slid down slightly, settling below my hip. His touch felt so good.

"Your birthday passed, right? You're nineteen now?"

He laughed that deep, throaty laugh of his. "I'm going to take it as a good sign that you're checking to make sure I'm old enough."

"I'm not supposed to be into younger guys."

"I'm three months younger than you. I can't help that my parents held me back a grade." He leaned back against an old oak tree, pulling me along with him. The motion had me leaning into his chest.

"You've gotten hotter." I couldn't believe I'd said the words out loud. I also couldn't believe I was thinking about Colton that way again.

He laughed once more. "So have you, although I wouldn't have thought it was possible."

I took another sip of my drink. "When did you get this cute?"

"Are you implying you haven't been ready to jump me for the last five years?"

"I've never thought about it before tonight." The words weren't exactly true, but I hadn't thought about it in a while.

"But you are thinking about it now?" He grinned, moving his hands even lower so they cradled my ass.

"Maybe." His hands sent a thrill through me, reminding me of just how long it had been since a guy had touched me that way.

"That's the second maybe you've given me. How am I supposed to make that into a yes?" He took the bottle from my hand and dropped it down on the ground next to his empty cup. The remaining liquid seeped out onto the dirt.

"I don't know. It's your job to figure that out." I ran my now free hand down his chest. It was firmer and more muscular than I expected.

"My job, huh? I like the sound of that." His lips tickled my ear. "I like the sound of anything involving you." He took my hand and led me further into the grouping of trees. It wasn't a dense forest or anything, but I knew he was looking for privacy. I didn't object when he gently leaned me back into another tree.

I closed my eyes, ready to feel his lips and hands on my body. I was horrible at knowing what to do in those situations. I needed the guy to take control.

His lips brushed against mine as he rested his hand on my stomach. He slipped a few fingers underneath my shirt. "Am I earning a yes, or do I have more work to do?" he whispered with his lips right next to mine.

"You have more work." I kept my eyes closed, taking in a breath as his hand moved further up my shirt.

He slipped his hand under the fabric of my built-in bra and cupped my breast. "I knew I liked this shirt."

I moaned.

"Damn it, Mallory. I've waited a long time to get you to make that kind of sound for me."

"You have?" I glided my hand under his t-shirt, happy to discover his chest felt even better without the cotton fabric blocking me.

"Yeah. I have." He fondled my breast while his lips moved to my neck. His other hand started to move up my leg and under my skirt. I knew where it was headed.

I forced myself to open my eyes, remembering we could be spotted at any time. "Do you want to go somewhere more private?"

Even in the near darkness of the moonlit night, I could see his grin. "Yeah, let's do that." He took my hand again, and I let him lead me back around toward the old barn. Annie's uncle only used the barn to store hay, so I didn't worry too much when Colton started climbing into the hayloft. My head was foggy from the alcohol, but I knew I wanted to pick up right where we left off.

"How's this for private?" He spread out a new layer of straw before helping me down and following right down beside me. He flicked the switch for the small naked light bulb hanging from the rafters.

"Much better."

"Good." He kissed me. With all the touching, we hadn't fully kissed yet unless you counted the brush of our lips. It was a fast kiss, and before I knew it, his tongue was demanding entry to my mouth. I gladly let it slide in between my teeth. I nipped his bottom lip, eliciting a groan.

My hand found its way under his shirt as he lowered my straps and tugged down my top to completely expose my br**sts. He broke the kiss and pulled his head back to look at me.

"I've been dreaming about these for a long time." He cupped each of my br**sts with a hand, making me slightly self-conscious about the way he studied me.

Thankfully, the alcohol kept my confidence up. "Don't you want to see the rest of me?"

He exhaled sharply. "Of course." He slid my top the rest of the way down, pulling it along with my jean skirt over my hips and off. He hooked a finger in the side of my panties.

"It's only fair that I get to see you too." I pulled his t-shirt over his head.

"Absolutely." He fumbled with his belt, moving his hands out of the way so I could take care of the button and zipper on his jeans. He pushed up enough to kick them off. The evidence of his arousal revealed itself inside his red checked boxers.

"Now can I finish?" His hand moved back to my leg.

I nodded.

He removed my panties, tossing them next to the rest of our discarded clothes. "You're like an angel, Mallory. You can't be real."

I laughed. "I hope that means you like what you see."

"You know I love it." He removed his boxers, lying down completely naked next to me.

"You're bigger than I thought you'd be."

"You thought I had a small dick?"

I giggled nervously. "I don't know. I guess I didn't think about it."

"Yes, you did. You just told me I was bigger than you thought." He kissed my neck, letting his hand settle on my breast again.

"I guess I did, didn't I?" I reached out to tentatively touch him. Gradually, I got the nerve to take him in my hand.

He groaned. "That feels too good."

"Should I stop?"

"Yes, but only because I want tonight to be good." He kissed me, and moved his hand between my legs. Reflexively I closed them, nervous about the touch I knew was coming.

"Are you nervous?" His face became serious.

"A little." I hadn't had sex in well over a year. Even when I'd tried to have a random hook-up in college, it hadn't worked, and I was desperately in need of some physical satisfaction.

"But you want this?" His expression was conflicted. He didn't want to stop, but I knew he would in a second if I asked him to. He was good old Colton, the guy who'd been my friend for longer than I could remember, and we were about to have sex.

"I want this."

"So do I." He moved my legs apart gently, distracting me with his lips on my breast. I gasped as he slipped his fingers inside me.

I grabbed hold of his back, needing to anchor myself on something. I could still hear the low music and laughter from the party, and although it wasn't likely anyone would happen upon us, the chances were much higher if I let out a scream.

He lifted up his head, reading my mind. "It's okay. You don't have to be quiet."

"Yes, I do."

"If I do my job right, you're not going to be able to." The goofy smile was back, relaxing me so I could enjoy the sensation his busy fingers created.

"I want you." The words came out altogether. I wanted more than his fingers, I wanted him. Never in a million years would I have expected to hook up with Colton like that, but I didn't care.

"I want you too." He pulled a condom from his wallet and unwrapped it before moving over me. "I swear I'm going to worship you, Mallory." He thrust into me, making me gasp again. After so much time without being touched, my body wasn't prepared for it.

He stilled. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah. I'm fine."

"You're not a virgin... " He said it half as a question.

"No, but it's been awhile."

A look of triumph crossed his face. "If it hurts, we don't have to." That was Colton, willing to cut off his own pleasure if it meant giving me what I wanted. I don't know how I hadn't noticed that his interest had gone way beyond friendship before. Maybe I didn't want to see it. It was easier to pretend his playful flirting was all for show.

"I want this." I thrust my hips against him, and he immediately moved inside me again.

"I'll give you everything you've ever wanted," he whispered against my ear, keeping his movements slow.

"Don't be so careful with me." I pushed up against him again. "I want all of you."

He didn't answer. Instead, he sped up, thrusting into me faster and harder until I thought I'd completely lose control. I dug my nails into his back and used his lips to silence the scream that wanted to come out when he pushed me over the edge. I'd never felt that way before.

He reached his release but stayed inside me, keeping his weight on me as we laid there sweaty and out of breath.

"You're amazing, Mallory. Amazing." He rolled off me, pulling me into his arms so my head could lay on his chest.

"So are you." I closed my eyes, letting myself fade off into the sleep of someone very drunk and completely satisfied.

Chapter Two

Sleeping in hay is not advisable. I woke up with a throbbing headache and no clue why I was covered in the straw. The usual manure smell that permeated our town seemed even stronger. It took me several seconds to realize I was completely naked and most definitely not alone. The hairy leg draped over my body was as naked as the ass it belonged with. I felt the hardness of a very different body part before realizing who all the parts belonged to. Colton's head rested on my chest, and he slept peacefully. That wasn't going to last.

I started to push him off me until I realized I didn't know where my clothes were. His body was the only thing shielding me. He'd already seen me naked, but that didn't mean I wanted him to see me again.

I sat up enough to notice the pile of clothes about a foot from us. I pushed against him once more, but he didn't budge. My head throbbed, and I felt sick. I wasn't sure if it was from being hung over, or from the fact that I'd just had sex with a guy I wasn't even dating. I didn't need to look at my watch to realize we'd spent the whole night in the barn. The morning sun streamed in through the slats in the barn wall, reminding me of how much trouble I was in. I was almost positive my stepdad, Rob, would have called the cops already. He may have let me go to college hours away, but when I lived at home, I was still required to follow his rules.

"Colton." I said his name softly, nervous about what his reaction would be to our precarious situation.

He stirred, but only cuddled into me more.

"Colt. Wake up."

"Mmm?" he half mumbled, half moaned.

"Wake up." I pushed into his arms.

He opened his blue eyes. "Morning, babe."

"Morning? Is that all you have to say?" I pushed against him harder. He wasn't having any of it, and he tightened his hold.

"That and wow, what an incredible night."

"You call that incredible? What the hell happened, Colt?"

"What happened? Come on, you were there."

"I was drunk." I could remember the whole night and was probably not that intoxicated, but I wasn't going to admit that to Colt...or myself.

"No, you weren't. I wouldn't have let it get that far if you didn't know what you were doing." He was right. I did know what I was doing. I just happened to regret it on the other side. I wished I knew what was going on in his head. Surely he had to be thinking the same thing I was. It didn't matter. It was a one night stand. He couldn't hurt me, because what happened meant nothing.

"Last night was a mistake, and we need to stop it from getting any worse."

"Any worse?" He brushed some hair back from my face. "Don't talk like that."

"I have to go, Colt. Do you know what Rob would do to you if he found out about this?"

"He knows you're safe."

"How?"

"Annie texted you after you fell asleep. She covered for you."

"How'd she know to cover?"

"I texted her and asked her to. My parents couldn't care less, but I know yours aren't like that. For good reason. You're supposed to worry about your daughter staying out all night."

"I need to go." I pressed against him, and this time he didn't resist. I slipped on my clothes while he watched, just lying there buck naked. He was hard as a rock, but he wasn't getting any relief from me.

I put on my skirt and attempted to straighten my hair with my fingers. "I can't believe this. How did I let this happen?"

"You make it sound like a bad thing. It was perfect."

"We hooked up in a hayloft. There's nothing perfect about it." I pulled a few pieces of straw from my hair. People don't tell you about the non-glamorous parts of a hayloft hook up. In movies, it's all sexy, but in real life it's anything but. First, there's the hay itself, add in the manure smell and the last thing you get is sexy.

"All right, it wasn't the most romantic first time, but when we look back, we'll remember the passion that brought us here." He was just lying there grinning. Still naked.

"First and last time. Don't make any mistake about it. This was a one-time thing." I threw his boxers at him. "Get dressed. I need you to drop me off near my house." I needed to get away from him, and I definitely needed him to put on some clothes.

"Last time? Not a chance. You can't discover something that amazing and run from it."

"I'm going back to school in a week. I can't deal with this."

"Did you read the letter in the package?"

"I didn't see a letter."

"I figured that's why you were finally interested last night..." He looked at me funny then smiled. "I guess you'd have wanted me anyway. Good to know."

"I don't know what you're talking about, but you have to get me home." Rob would kill me if he found out where I'd been. He'd probably make me transfer to a school closer to home.

Colton slipped into his boxers excruciatingly slowly. "Do you want to do something tonight? Maybe dinner and a movie?"

"Are you serious? Stop stalling and get dressed!"

He sighed. "Calm down, it's only seven."

"Please, Colt. I don't want to get in trouble."

"I know." He pulled on his jeans and t-shirt, and we climbed down. His truck was the only one left in the empty field. Annie's uncle was away another few days. I'd have to make sure to come back and help her clean up. If she covered for me, I owed her.

I got in the passenger side of his Toyota Tacoma and waited for him to back out.

"If you get in any trouble, just call me. I'll take all the blame." He put a hand behind my seat.

"That's not going to change anything. I just don't want Rob freaking out. He already doesn't want me going back to Harrison. He saw some pictures someone tagged me in where I was drunk at a frat party. I promised him that wasn't typical behavior for me. Clearly it is."

"I'm not some random guy. You don't need to feel embarrassed."

"I'm not embarrassed." I looked out the window.

"Good."

"Stop here." We were half a block from my house. I didn't want him pulling up out front. My parents would freak if they saw a guy dropping me off.

"You sure?"

"Yeah."

"Call me, later, okay?"

"Okay." I told him what he wanted to hear, but I knew I wouldn't call. Instead, I'd go upstairs and pack. I needed to get out of my stupid town before I messed things up more. I wanted to leave Gasden behind, and no one, especially not Colton Waters, was going to hold me back.

Chapter Three

"You promised me a car." I hated sounding like such a brat, but it was true. My parents had promised me a car for sophomore year since I kept my full scholarship.

Rob tapped his foot impatiently. "And we're giving you one."

"No. You're giving me a beat-up, old Ford pickup. That is not a car."

"It still runs great, and it's big enough to keep you safe." Now I knew why Rob had held onto the old thing after he got his new truck.

"I'm a good driver. I don't need extra protection."

"It's not you I'm worried about. City drivers aren't very cautious."

"As compared to the gems around here?" I put a hand on my hip. Rob took the stepdad thing far too seriously.

"I don't know what to tell you, honey. It's the truck or nothing."

I sighed. Nothing would probably be better, but I also wanted the freedom to drive. Maybe I could play it off as a cool thing. Like I wanted to go retro classic with an old truck. Yeah, not going to fly, but I'd figure something out. "Fine."

"Fine? Your mother and I are giving you a car and you say fine?" He scowled. "Maybe we shouldn't even be sending you back to that school if you're going to turn out this way."

"Stop threatening me. I'm going." I clenched my jaw and stopped short of saying anything that would get me in trouble.

"Just because you have a scholarship doesn't mean we're not your parents. Who's going to write the check for that fancy sorority you're in?"

"Come on. Don't hold that over my head."

"Then don't look a gift horse in the mouth."

I nodded. Fighting with Rob was pointless.

He flipped through a pile of mail. "Are you sure you want to leave today? I thought you had another week."

"I want to help the girls get set-up for rush. My room's ready, and I already planned to take this week off."

"Why are you in such a hurry?" Mom joined the conversation for the first time. She'd let Rob navigate the truck argument.

"I want to see my friends." I also wanted to get as far away from Colton as possible. Three months in a small town was bad enough. Now I had to dodge a one night stand. Who did that with their ex's younger brother? I'd lost my mind.

"You have friends here. Annie's going to be sad you're leaving so soon." Mom rested her hands in front of her on the wooden kitchen table.

I felt a tinge of guilt. It looked like I wasn't going to be helping Annie clean. She'd stayed in town after graduation and attended the local community college. She didn't hold my decision to leave against me, but I know she was surprised by my decision to move hours away. "She won't care. She's busy with Greg anyway."

"What about you?"

"What about me?"

"Who are you busy with?" Mom took off her glasses and set them down beside the morning paper.

"If you're talking about guys, none." That wasn't exactly true, but Colt was a one-time thing. There was no one at school.

"Really? So you aren't running back to school to see someone?"

I shook my head. "I wish."

"You'll meet someone, honey. You just have to leave yourself open to falling in love."

I sighed. "Not everyone wants to fall in love. I'd be fine with a couple of decent dates." I'd done the love thing once, and all it left me with was a broken heart.

"If you say so." She shrugged. "By the way, have you called your dad yet?"

I crossed my arms. "No."

"Mallory, you need to thank him. If you're that opposed to calling, send him a thank you note. That was a nice birthday check he sent you."

"My birthday was over six months ago, Mom. Am I supposed to thank him for the incredibly late gift or for one that was early?"

She shook her head. "You won't care when you spend the money."

"Should I send the thank you note to him or his assistant? That wasn't a very good forgery." Maybe I should suggest he find a better secretary, one who remembered dates and could halfway sign his signature.

"Just send a note or pick up the phone. No one has ever won in life by being inconsiderate." There was a warning in her tone. She didn't want to go any further with the conversation. My relationship with my dad was beyond complicated, and I doubted he'd care whether I thanked him for the money.

"I will, but I should probably get going."

"Do you want to wait and have lunch first? You haven't given us any time to say goodbye."

"I'll be back for Fall Fest. Wasn't that one of the requirements of taking a car?"

Rob smiled. "It's important to Davie that you come home for it."

"Like he cares." My relationship with my younger brother was pretty typical. We had fun spending time together occasionally, but we definitely lived different lives.

"Of course he does. It's his senior year, and he's the quarterback. It would do you good to watch at least one of his games."

"I could always come back a different weekend."

"Mallory." Rob gave me his signature 'you're treading thin ice' look.

"I'll be back for it." Fall Fest was bigger than Homecoming. The whole town got into it.

"Have fun, sweetie." Mom hugged me. "Know we love you, and we're always here."

"I know. Tell Davie I said bye."

Mom shook her head. "No, you can do that yourself."

"But he's at football practice," I protested.

"So? The field's on your way out of town."

"Okay. I'll stop. Love you guys." I hugged Rob and grabbed my backpack, tote, and purse. We'd already packed everything else in the bed of the truck. I guess that was one benefit of driving the thing. I only hoped it didn't rain.

I pulled out of the driveway, not happy about making a pit stop at the high school. It's not that I didn't want to say goodbye to my brother, but I didn't feel like seeing his friends. I found a spot in the nearly empty lot and walked through the sticky August heat to the field.

Luckily, Davie was on the sidelines, so I didn't wait long.

"Hey, Mal. Late night?" He tried to play it cool, but I could tell he was curious as hell.

"Yeah, I was with Annie."

He put a sweaty hand on my shoulder and led me away from the rest of his teammates. He leaned in to whisper. "That's not what I heard."

"What did you hear?" I tried to stay calm. There was no way he knew.

"You and Colt? Wasn't dating one of the Waters enough for you?" He was actually close with Colt, but he hated his older brother-Jack.

"Hey. I don't know where you got the info, but it's wrong."

"Oh, really? Then why were people talking about him bagging my sister? Supposedly, you two were hot and heavy last night and went off somewhere. "

"What?" I gaped at him. "That's just gossip."

"Is it? If it's more than that, it's going to get back to Rob."

I groaned. I hated living in a town the size of a matchbox. Nothing stayed secret. "Yeah, well I guess it's good I'm leaving today then."

"You're leaving?" He didn't hide the disappointment in his voice. It made me feel a tad guilty about leaving on such short notice. I was going to miss him.

"I need to get back for rush."

He grinned. "Can I come?"

I pushed his arm. "Hell no."

"I've seen your pictures. You've got hot friends." He wriggled an eyebrow.

"Hot friends that are completely off limits for your perverted daydreams."

"It won't be just daydreams."

"Davie."

"Sorry, but what's the point of having an older sister if she can't hook me up with girls? You never helped me when you lived at home."

"Because you're two years younger."

"So? Didn't you know that cougars were the thing now?" He gave me his signature wry grin, letting me know he was kidding.

Despite his smile, my stomach churned. I'd just slept with a younger guy. "Listen, I need to go."

"You'll be home for Fall Fest?"

I nodded. "Yeah, I'll be here."

"Cool. Have a good trip." He hugged me, and I tried to ignore the sweat he left behind. I'd have to change before I got to campus.

"Be good, Davie." I waved and headed to the truck. I watched him run on to the field. How had my little brother grown up so fast? He was a senior already. My senior year felt like forever ago. It wasn't a time in my life I ever wanted to relive.

The trip to Charleston was three hours, and I only stopped once for gas. I changed into one of my Delta Mu t-shirts and got back in the truck. My phone rang just as I turned the engine on. I hoped it was Juliet, one of my roommates, calling me back. Instead, it was Colton. I pulled out of the gas station lot, waiting to see if he left a message.

He did. I held the receiver to my ear and took a breath before the message played:

Hey, Mallory. I hadn't heard from you, so I thought I'd call. I had a great time last night. Are we still on for tonight? I'd love to take you out. Well, just let me know either way, okay?

My chest clenched. Was he asking me out to ease his conscious? Did he think he owed it to me? If so, he didn't need to worry. There was no way I could handle calling him back, but I didn't want to leave him waiting around too long. I pulled to the side of the road just before the ramp back onto the interstate.

Texting was always an easy way out.

Sorry. I already left town. Enjoy the rest of summer.

I hit send and tried to push him from my mind. He was probably just being chivalrous, or his version of it at least. He'd get the hint that I didn't care.

I ignored the return message as I pulled onto the interstate. His text wasn't worth an accident. I also ignored the next few text notifications. I hoped they were from my friends.

I finally took a look at my phone as I sat at a light a few blocks from campus.

You left town? When were you going to tell me you were leaving?

If you're embarrassed about last night, don't be. It was right. I'm glad it happened.

I've been waiting years for that, and it was so much better than I thought possible. But I don't want it to just be about hooking up. I want to take you out too. And if this is about Jack, don't worry. He's cool with it. I promise.

I closed my eyes for a second. Damn it. What kind of mess did I create? And Jack was cool with it. What did that mean? He didn't care that his brother was hitting up his leftovers? Colt had already told him what happened! My stomach churned. I couldn't afford to go down the negative spiral of self-doubt that thinking about Jack always brought me.

I flipped over my phone so I didn't have to look at the screen and drove the remaining blocks to campus. I turned once more and parked a block down from the house. I took a deep breath. It was time for sophomore year.

Chapter Four

"Mallory? What are you doing back so early?" Juliet nearly knocked me over when I walked into the house. The display of excitement was as un-Juliet as it comes. She usually smiled and gave you a small hug. I guess she was still on a Reed high. She'd been on cloud nine since she got back together with her upperclassman boyfriend. He was a senior, and president of Kappa, the frat we spent most of our time with. He was also sexy as hell and completely in love with her.

"Don't you ever check your phone?" I set down the bag that she hadn't knocked out of my hand.

"Oh. It's upstairs. I've been cleaning."

"Cleaning?"

She pointed out one of those Swiffer duster things. "I didn't realize cleaning was part of what I signed up for when I agreed to help with rush prep, but it was worth it."

"I wonder why," I teased. I knew she'd been dying to get back to campus to see Reed. He lived in Charleston year round, but her parents made her go home for the summer.

"How have you been the past few weeks? We've been playing phone tag." She tied up her long dirty-blonde hair into a bun.

"Pretty good. I'm glad to be back though."

"I'm glad you're back early." She got a gleam in her eye.

"For a reason other than the fact that you've missed me terribly?"

"I've got someone you have to meet. He was abroad all last year, but he's completely your type." She picked up one of my bags and walked toward the stairs.

"My type?" I grabbed a bag and followed her.

"Yeah. Tall, dark, and sophisticated. He spent all of last year in London for Junior Year Abroad."

"What's his name?" I stopped to readjust the strap of my duffel. The worn out fabric was cutting into my shoulder through the thin cotton of my t-shirt.

"Tanner." She started down the hallway.

"Okay, cool. You'll have to introduce us." Tanner was exactly what I needed, a distraction from the idiotic thing I'd done the night before.

"Welcome home." Juliet stood back so I could step through our doorway first.

"Ahh!" I ran into the room unable to contain my excitement. Living in a triple with my two best friends was pretty much a dream come true. Juliet's bed was already made up on one side. She'd left the bed by the window open, and I happily tossed my stuff down. "I have to get more bags, but this is going to be awesome."

"I know! I'm going to call Cara and see if she can come back early too!"

"Is anyone else here? Where's the rest of the rush committee?"

"They get here tomorrow."

"Haven't you been here a week already?"

She smiled. "I may have told my parents I needed to be back here earlier than absolutely necessary."

I laughed. "I'm sure Reed was happy about that."

"Thrilled. The summer apart was really hard. I spent so much time on the phone with him, I'm lucky the thing didn't fuse with my face. He came up to visit a couple of times, but it wasn't enough."

"What did he do to celebrate your return?" I sat down on my mattress.

"Took me to dinner at Peninsula Grill, and then we went airplane gazing."

"Ah, airplane gazing. I really need to try that sometime."

"You do... maybe with Tanner." She grinned. Juliet and Cara were desperate to set me up with a Kappa. They spent so much time over at the house that I think they felt bad leaving me out. I'd gone on a date with a Kappa once, and it had ended with him crying about missing his ex-girlfriend. That was the aforementioned failed random hook-up. "Any boys this summer you forgot to tell me about?"

"Nothing worth discussing."

"But there was something."

"Maybe." The last thing I wanted to discuss was Colt. If I mentioned his name, she'd be all over me for details.

She squealed. "Spill!"

"No, thanks."

"Come on. You can't hold out on me."

"All right, so I might have hooked up with someone I knew from high school."

"Might have?" She wrinkled her nose.

"Okay. I did, but it was just a one night thing. It didn't mean anything."

"Where does he go to school?"

"USC." For most people, that would mean the University of Southern California, but around here, everyone knew that stood for the University of South Carolina, home of the Gamecocks. Colt hadn't actually started there yet, but that's where the Gasden paper said he was going.

"What's his name?"

I figured it couldn't hurt to share the details. "Colton."

She laughed. "Seriously? That's such a country boy name. Does he let you call him Colt when you ride him?"

"So uncalled for. And it was one time, remember?"

"I couldn't resist."

I looked out the window. "Whatever. I need to get the rest of my stuff."

"I'll help."

We went back down and outside.

"Where are you parked?" She looked around.

"Over there." I pointed to my slate gray truck. I might as well get the mortification over with.

"You have a truck?"

"Yeah... it was my stepdad's."

"Oh. Cool. I'm sure Reed will appreciate that I don't bug him to borrow his every time we need to move something."

"Because we move things all the time?"

She shrugged as she waited for me to open the tail gate. "Sometimes."

"You brought your car, right?"

"Yeah. It's my Nissan from high school." She pointed to a light green Sentra parked in front of the house. At least her car wasn't new either. But Juliet never pretended to have money. She never pretended about anything. She was so cool and confident about things like that.

We pulled out the last of my bags and dragged them toward the house. "I wish I'd gotten your message. We should be making Reed do this."

"I'll make sure to call his phone next time."

She opened the front door. "Do that."

We lugged my bags upstairs. I hadn't realized how heavy they were before. Probably because Rob had been the one doing all the lifting.

"You've got missed messages." Juliet picked up my phone from where I left it on the dresser. She let out a surprised noise and read from the phone.

Ignoring me? Are you really going to be like this? Just call me.

"Are you sure Colt knows it was a one night thing?"

"Colton knows." I didn't like her calling him Colt. It was like she knew him, and I didn't like thinking about my two lives colliding like that.

"You sure?" She looked at me skeptically.

"Yes, I'm sure."

"Need some help unpacking?"

"No. Go see your man." I could tell Juliet wanted to see Reed, and at least there wouldn't be any more questions about Colt.

"My man?"

"Yeah. That's how we talk in Gasden."

"All right then. Are you going to text back your man, then?"

"Colt's not my man. He's just a boy I used to know."

"Cold... even for you. Come by the Kappa house when you're done."

"I'll call first to make sure you've left Reed's room." I nudged her shoulder. I refused to dwell on what she meant by "even for you." Did she secretly think I was a bitch? It wasn't worth reading into. Juliet wasn't passive aggressive like that.

"Do you really think I'm going over there to have sex with him?"

"Yes." I unzipped the first bag.

"I'm not. I actually have my period."

"However are you guys going to survive the week?" I asked with exaggerated drama.

"Cuddling. Lots of cuddling."

"You make me sick."

"Glad to hear that." She stopped in the doorway. "You'll come by later, right?"

"Yeah. I'll come by."

"Good."

I unpacked slowly. I wasn't in a huge rush to get to the Kappa house. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against frat guys, but talking to Juliet about Colt kind of put me off. Thankfully, he hadn't texted again. I had no idea what to do. I had no desire to talk to him, but maybe I owed it to him. Maybe Juliet was right, and I was being an ice queen. I was only trying to make things easier for both of us.

After a lot of deliberating I picked up the phone and called. It went to his voicemail. I let out a sigh of relief and pocketed my phone.

I finished hanging up my dresses, feeling grateful we each had a separate closet. Three girls sharing one closet would have been pushing it.

Twenty minutes later, I had my bags all stowed, my bed made, and my determination to have fun back.

I texted Juliet to make sure she was still at the Kappa house before heading over.

I walked to the Kappa house in a good mood. I was back at Harrison, where I belonged. How I managed to live in Gasden for eighteen years was beyond me. I missed my family, but that was the only thing to miss from my small town.

I reached the large brick house in minutes. Although not quite as well up kept as the Delta Mu house, it had a similar look, complete with a front porch. I pushed open the partially ajar door. I took in the spacious open room that looked a lot like every other frat house I'd been in. Littered with a few beer bottles and furnished with an assortment of couches, a beer pong table (I'd never seen anyone use it for anything but that), and a pool table, it looked exactly like it had the year before.

"Took you long enough," Juliet teased when she saw me. She was sitting right next to Reed on a black leather couch. His hand rested on her leg.

"Hey, Mallory!" Reed got up and came right over to hug me. It says a lot about a guy when he cares about his girlfriend's friends.

I returned the hug. "Hey. How was your summer?"

"You know. Lonely."

"She's back now."

"Oh, I know. Sorry to say your roommate won't be around too many nights."

I patted his arm before stepping away. "You're not sorry about that."

He grinned. "No, I'm not."

I spotted Cara's boyfriend, Aaron. "I'm guessing Cara won't be around much either?"

Aaron smiled an almost lopsided grin. "Not if I can help it, but you know she freezes me out sometimes."

"Only when you deserve it."

"I'll tell her you said that."

"Good. Get me points." I sat down next to Juliet. "So what have I missed?"

"Absolutely nothing. We're trying to figure out what to do tonight."

"Oh yeah? You mean the guys aren't planning to sit around drinking and playing cards?"

"Hey, I take that personally. We do other things." Reed sat down on the other side of Juliet.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I guess you could play beer pong."

Reed smiled. "We only have a few days of quiet before the rush parties start."

"I'm looking forward to them. We were so busy with sorority rush last year that we didn't get to come."

"It's a fun time."

"Hey, no one told me we had company." A male voice came from the other side of the room.

"Tanner, this is Mallory. Mallory, this is Tanner." Reed gestured to a tall, athletic looking guy I hadn't met before. He had dark brown hair that he wore short.

"Hey." He strode over confidently. When he reached me, he leaned over and took my hand. "Nice to meet you."

I accepted the handshake. "Same to you."

"Mallory's my roommate," Juliet supplied.

"Is that so?"

"She spends a lot of time here." Juliet smiled at me.

"Good to know." He sat on the arm of the couch next to me, forcing me to look up at him.

"She's also roommates with Cara," Aaron answered.

"So, in other words, you guys were busy with the Delta Mu pledges last year." Tanner smirked.

Reed put an arm around Juliet. "Mallory's single."

I glared at him. "Thanks, Reed."

"Just saying."

"Also good to know." Tanner blatantly checked me out, and I tried to ignore it.

The next few hours were kind of a blur. We ordered in pizza and spent a few hours drinking and playing beer pong. It wasn't great, but it was better than the parties I'd been to over the summer. At least this one didn't involve a field or hay.

"We need to do something fun." Max, a sophomore I knew, drank another cup after losing the round of beer pong.

"Do you have any specific ideas of what would be fun?" I didn't partake in the beer pong, and was sitting comfortably on the couch with a cup full of vodka cranberry. One nice thing about hanging out at a frat house-no worries about being carded.

"Let's play washers." He headed toward the back door before anyone even said anything.

"How wasted are you, man?" Reed asked.

"You can't drink and throw washers?" Max pushed opened the door.

"It's a dangerous game. They've outlawed it in some states." Aaron laughed before hopping off the couch. I followed him out.

"Are you up for the challenge, Mallory?" Tanner asked, stopping on his way out.

"I don't know. I might just have to watch." I suppressed a smile.

I took a seat in a rickety old chair on the lawn. "Is this really what our life has come to?"

Juliet pulled a chair next to mine. "It's pathetic, huh?" She sipped her drink.

I watched the boys toss washers. They sucked at it. For such athletic guys, it was kind of pathetic. Granted they were drunk, but that still didn't excuse it.

"Enjoying the show?" Tanner asked, stopping next to my chair.

"Oh yeah."

"Why don't you take a turn?"

"No, thanks."

"Why not? I can teach you how."

I laughed. "Uh, not necessary."

"You've played before?"

When you grow up in a town the size of Gasden, playing washers is something you learn in preschool. "Yeah, I've played before."

"Come on, let's play." Juliet set down her drink. She had that twinkle in her eye that meant she was itching for competition.

"Fine." Turning down a direct challenge like that wasn't my thing.

I took the washers and waited for Juliet to toss first. Her washer landed a few feet short of the box.

Max laughed. "Nice one, Juliet. Maybe next time you'll actually hit the box."

She put a hand on her hip. "It's not any worse than how you're doing."

I loved how Juliet never took anyone's BS. She always threw it back.

I reluctantly took my turn. When I tossed the washer, it landed directly in the pipe on the first try.

"Damn, you have played this before." Tanner put a hand on my shoulder. "Remind me to get you on my team next time."

I laughed. "Yeah, sure thing."

"You always act like you have no aim or ability to play sports. Can you throw a ball too? Why didn't you sign up for the softball game during Greek week?" Juliet asked.

I shrugged. "I didn't feel like it."

"Well, you're doing it this year."

"Maybe." I smiled, relieved no one had asked more questions about why I was a champion washers player. I didn't need to emphasize just how small town I was.

Reed and Juliet walked me home after I assured her a million times I didn't mind sleeping in the house alone. I knew the place would start filling up the next day, and a night of quiet wasn't a bad thing.

Juliet hugged me. "I'm so glad you're back. I missed you."

"I missed you too."

"Want to do breakfast at Queen Street Grocery?" Juliet suggested a cheap local favorite of ours.

"Sounds great. Call me when you're up." I was a morning person. Juliet not so much. I planned to hit up the gym before meeting her.

I walked into the empty house just as my phone rang. I braced myself before answering Colton's call. He'd called twice while I was at the Kappa house, but each time I'd let it go to voicemail.

"Mallory?" His voice was tentative.

"Hey." I kept my voice even.

"Hey. I'm sorry for sending you so many texts, but I just wanted to make sure you were okay."

"I'm fine, Colt. Don't worry."

"I'm going to worry. We had sex and now you won't talk to me?" There was a slight waver in his voice.

"It's not like we talk a lot."

"Come on. We've been friends forever."

"We're not kids anymore." I wanted to keep as much distance from Gasden as possible. I was going to have to find a summer job in Charleston next year. There was no way I was going back for more than a few weeks ever again. Clearly, I managed to find trouble no matter what I did there.

"Obviously not. Kids don't have unbelievable sex in haylofts."

I cringed. I couldn't believe I'd sunk so low. "Let's just forget it ever happened."

"You think I'm going to forget that?" he asked incredulously, like I'd just suggested the most ridiculous thing ever.

"At least try. I'm sure you'll meet a girl at school. Good luck, by the way. Are you rushing or anything?"

"I wasn't going to, but I changed my mind." His voice was hard, and as much as I didn't like to hear him that way, it meant he'd gotten my point.

"Well, good luck with it."

"That's it? You're really going to pretend nothing changed last night?"

"We got drunk and had sex."

"Don't pretend you do that a lot..."

"So? That doesn't mean anything."

"Yes it does." He let out a deep breath. "It means last night meant something."

"I have to go, Colt."

"All right. Have a good night, pumpkin. Good to hear your voice."

If he was calling me pumpkin, things might actually get back to normal again eventually. "Good night."

I hung up and got ready for bed. The quiet wasn't quite as good as I thought, and I lay awake for hours. My head swirled with thoughts of Colton, Gasden, and more than a little guilt and regret. How was I supposed to know he'd want more? Maybe this was still just his chivalrous side. I was positive he'd forget all about what happened when he got to USC.

I watched the clock until it finally hit 5:30. I couldn't wait any longer. I changed into my gym clothes and went for a run. I wasn't going to let a sleepless night hold me back.

Chapter Five

"All right, girls, are you ready for this?" Danielle, our rush chair, stood next to the front door. Dressed in dark jeans and a bright pink shirt with white lettering that said Keep Calm and Pledge Delta Mu, she was wearing exactly the same thing as the other forty-five girls in the room. As much as I'm against conformity, I kind of liked the whole 'dress alike for rush' thing. It's just part of the bonding experience.

"Go Delta Mu!" Clare started cheering and the rest of us joined in.

"All right. Let's do this!" With the same pomp and circumstance a mayor of a small town would use when cutting the ribbon for a new building (trust me, I've been there for that too), Danielle threw open the door. In one long line, we all streamed out onto the porch and started in on our first rush song, complete with synchronized clapping and some pretty giant smiles.

Right on cue, the freshman walked up the porch steps. A bunch of us took the arms of the girls and led them into the house. This was all perfectly planned, but of course we tried to make it seem spur of the moment. After several days of practice, it was finally time for rush to begin.

"Hi, Jamie," I introduced myself to my first rushee. Her white name tag was prominently displayed on her chest. "I'm Mallory."

"Hi!" She popped up on her toes. "It's so great to be here."

"I know this is your first house, but how's rush going for you so far?"

"Oh, it's been awesome. I love the group I'm with."

"Fantastic. What dorm are you in?" I went through the list of ice breaker questions I was supposed to ask.

"Maude."

"Oh. Cool. If you talk to Juliet and Cara, they were in that dorm last year. I was in Dells."

"Do you love being a Delta Mu?" She took charge of the conversation. I had to give her props for that. That was hard to do at the end of the day, let alone as soon as she walked into the first house.

"Absolutely. My best friends are all in the house."

"Cool!"

"Where are you from?"

"I'm from North Carolina."

"Oh, great. Let me introduce you to Natalie. She's from North Carolina too." I handed off Jamie to Natalie and got a new girl of my own.

I glanced at her name tag. "Hi, Jade." She was one of the girls I was supposed to talk to because she was from a town near mine.

"Hi." She didn't meet my eyes when she spoke. Some might have interpreted that as a lack of interest, but I recognized it for what it was-nervousness.

"Where are you from?" I couldn't let on that I'd studied her card and knew every little detail she'd provided on her rush application.

"Melborne. It's a small town outside-"

"I'm from Gasden."

"Really?" She lifted her chin, all signs of nerves gone. That's what the match-ups were designed to do. Find connections between sisters and rushees so we could see what the girls were really like.

"Yeah. Was this a huge transition for you? I remember how crazy it was."

"Definitely." Her eyes lit up a little.

"Well, that's why it's awesome you're rushing. It's a great way to build a community. It really helped me adjust."

"That's why I'm here."

"Terrific. Well, it's so awesome meeting you. Could I introduce you to another one of my sisters?"

"Sure." She grinned. Nice. I liked Jade and hoped she ended up in the house. I caught Juliet's eye. She walked over with her rushee.

"Hey, Mallory." Juliet stopped in front of us. "This is Manda. She's interested in the business school too."

"Hey, Manda. Juliet, you've got to meet Jade. She's from a town right near mine."

I'd only gotten a few words in with Manda when the lights flickered. It was time to show them out. I walked Manda to the door and got in place for another song.

As soon as the door closed, we regrouped and got ready to do exactly the same thing again and again.

"Nice job, girls, but remember the smiles!" Danielle grinned. She really was the perfect rush chair. She got more into it than I ever could. Still, I was having a decently good time, and I definitely had a favorite.

By the end of the first day, the open house, I was exhausted but also hyped up. I was all about going out afterward, and I jumped at the opportunity to hang out with some of the Kappas.

I wasn't surprised when we met up at Al's Pizza. The place served awful food, but the beer was pretty cheap. Not to mention, Reed practically ran the place for his uncle, the owner. Juliet worked a few nights a week there too. In other words, I didn't need to worry about getting carded. The guys were already waiting for us when we arrived.

"Hey." Tanner got out of his seat when he saw us. Juliet and Cara were already pulling chairs over next to their boyfriends.

"Hey." I couldn't deny it was nice to have someone excited to see me. I was used to squeezing in anywhere, realizing none of the guys really cared whether I was there or not.

"Here, let me get you a seat." He pulled up a chair next to the one he vacated. He gestured for me to sit.

I took it, slightly surprised when he pushed me in. I was less surprised when he grabbed the pitcher of beer and filled a glass for me.

"How was the first day of rush?" He gave me his full attention, his brown eyes setting on mine.

"It was pretty good. How's it going for you?"

"You know how it is for guys. Much less BS."

"Yeah. Definitely." Instead of the carefully orchestrated events the girls had, the guys just threw parties. It was a much nicer system for all involved, but the sorority system wasn't going to change.

I decided to give Juliet a hard time. "Reed, you wouldn't have recognized Juliet today. She was all about the Delta Mu spirit."

"Oh yeah, babe? I'd have loved to see it." He bumped his shoulder against hers.

Juliet stuck her tongue out at me. "I might start clapping in my sleep."

"Just wait until the end of the week. It's not over yet."

"I know." Juliet leaned back into Reed's arm.

I sipped my beer and enjoyed being back with my friends. Sophomore year was starting off well.

Chapter Six

"Was rush this exhausting when we did it?" I collapsed on my bed after the final night of rush. It was pref night, or preference night if you wanted to be formal. That was the night when the freshman ordered their top houses and the actives made a bid list of the girls we wanted. I hated it. I absolutely hated knowing we'd probably be hurting a lot of girls the next morning. Juliet and Cara hated it too, and that's why we were meant to be friends. People say sorority girls are callous and mean, but they don't know us. Stereotypes are dangerous.

"This was worse." Cara lay down next to me. Her bed was a few feet further into the room.

"Agreed." Juliet kicked off her black heels and squeezed in on my other side.

"It was hard not knowing, but at least it wasn't in our hands."

"You didn't mark anyone negatively did you?" Juliet asked.

"I did." I put my arms behind my head to prop myself up, careful to avoid elbowing either of the girls.

"Really?" Cara and Juliet both turned their heads to look at me.

"I didn't want to poison anyone's chance, but I had too."

"Why?" Juliet narrowed her eyes.

"I saw her making fun of another girl. That shows bad character. She doesn't belong in our house."

"And that's why we love you." Cara patted my arm.

"Yeah, what can I say? I'm awesome."

Juliet laughed. "And modest too."

I yawned. "What do you say we go to sleep?"

"We can't." Cara yawned next.

"You guys go without me. I don't need to meet the Kappa pledges tonight."

"Yes, you do." Juliet sat up and tugged on my arm.

"I kind of miss bitchy, moody Juliet."

She rolled her eyes. "Come on. When else do you get to hoot and holler at a bunch of hot guys?"

"Wow, you're right. My life dream is about to come true."

"Did you two switch bodies?" Cara looked between us. I'd been a half-full kind of girl freshman year, and Juliet was the sarcastic moody one. Things really had changed. I needed to snap out of my funk.

I laughed. "Seems that way, huh? Sorry. I'm just out of it."

Juliet slipped her shoes back on. "It's because you're thinking about your Colt, admit it."

"The guy from back home?" Cara reapplied her lipstick in front of the mirror. Juliet made me recount the story once more when Cara showed up.

"I'm not thinking about Colt." I hadn't been at that exact moment. Guilt over hurting him still gnawed at me though, and I was surprised he'd stopped calling so quickly. It had been over a week since we last spoke. I guess that's just part of being a girl. Even when you wanted a guy to leave you alone, in some small place inside, you kind of wanted him to keep trying.

"Then is it Tanner?" they asked in unison. Of course this made us all laugh.

"It's not a guy."

Juliet pulled me up off the bed. "Sure, sure."

I straightened out my long hair with my fingers and followed the girls out of the room.

The fresh air woke me up. I felt reinvigorated as we walked down the block toward the Kappa house. We'd been so busy with rush that I hadn't been back over there much. I knew my friends were still scheming of ways to make sure that changed now that rush had ended.

The crowd outside would have deterred some people, but Juliet pushed through them, and I followed behind. I guess it's easy to be that confident about it when you're dating the president of the frat.

We walked right inside, and Juliet and Cara immediately began their perusal for their other halves. I'd like to say I wasn't jealous, but I was. I wasn't into either of their guys, but the idea of having a hot older guy fawning over me sounded pretty nice.

"Hey, Mallory." Tanner held up his hand in greeting.

"Hey." We'd talked a few times that week, but we'd been too busy to really do anything.

"Reed!" Juliet giggled as Reed surprised her from behind.

"They're sickening, aren't they?" Tanner whispered in my ear.

Although I hadn't seen Tanner much during rush, he always managed to send messages to me through my friends. I wasn't sure what to make of his interest, but I decided to see where it went. "Yes, but it's better than when they were broken up."

"They were broken up?" He put an arm around my shoulder. I wasn't certain if it was so he could hear me better or because he wanted an excuse to touch me.

"Yeah... for months. It's a long story."

"Gotcha. Hopefully they had good make up sex." His hand moved down my back slightly.

"Yeah..."

"I like this on you." He gestured to my spaghetti strap black dress. It fell just below the knee but had a small slit up the side.

"Thanks."

"But I wouldn't mind seeing you in something sexier. You've got a great body. You might as well show it off."

"It's better to leave some things to the imagination." I was all about looking sexy, but Mom had left that message with me loud and clear. The best rule of thumb is to just go sexy in one spot. If you're showing cle**age, no short skirt and vice versa.

"Classy. I like it."

"So how's the new pledge class?" I wanted to move the spotlight off my dress.

"They're pretty cool. Young though. You know? I feel old."

"Well, you are a senior." I laughed. "I felt that way too during rush though, and our girls are only a year younger than me."

"Are you going to the mixer next week?" He took a swig from his beer.

"Yeah. I'll be there."

"Nice. Maybe we can go to dinner first?"

"Ah, sure."

A triumphant smile spread across his face. "Nice. Want something to drink?"

"Do you guys have fuzz tonight?"

"Yeah. I guess you've spent a lot of time here."

"When your best friends are dating brothers, it happens."

"You haven't dated anyone here though, right?" He seemed really interested in the answer.

"I went to a date party with Ryan."

"But it didn't go anywhere?"

"No."

"He's an idiot then. I have a feeling I won't be settling for one date with you." His hand brushed against my ass. I wasn't sure if it was intentional or not. "Let me get you that drink." He walked off.

Cara laughed from behind me. "I thought you weren't into Tanner."

"Who says I am?"

"You did by agreeing to dinner and not slapping him when he got frisky."

I shrugged. "We'll see."

Minutes later, Tanner returned. "Here you go." He handed me a plastic cup of fuzz. The actual ingredients were a closely guarded Kappa secret, but whatever it was usually tasted really good and sweet.

"Thanks." I took a sip.

"I'm glad you came tonight."

I smiled, not wanting to seem too interested. You had to play those kind of things cool.

"Ow! Ow!" Cara called. I followed her gaze to where ten guys, all dressed in black t-shirts, walked down the stairs.

"Don't drool, baby," Aaron teased Cara.

"None of them could compare to you."

"What about you, Mallory? Are you drooling?" Tanner's words barely registered with me. I felt my head spinning.

"Are you okay?" Juliet grabbed my arm. "You look really pale."

"I've got to go." I absently handed Tanner my cup as I tried to maneuver to the front door.

"Mallory, wait!"

I wanted to ignore the voice, but I couldn't.

"What are you doing here?" My chest tightened. I had to be dreaming.

"I'm a pledge. I kind of have to be here." Colt stepped toward me warily.

"I mean here. At Harrison."

"You really didn't read my letter." He put his hands in the pockets of his khaki colored cargo shorts.

"You're supposed to be at USC."

"I got off the wait list."

"Oh." That's all I could muster.

"Do you two know each other?" Tanner caught up with me. He put an arm around my shoulder again. It normally would have bothered me that he was getting so touchy feely, but at that moment, it was keeping me vertical.

"Yes." Colt looked Tanner in the eye. "You've got your arm around my girl."

Without dropping his arm, Tanner looked me straight in the eye. "Is that true?"

I couldn't speak. I could only shake my head.

Tanner laughed. "Ouch. Sorry, pledge."

"Come on, Mal. Don't be like this."

"Like what?" I knew I sounded bitchy, but I had no choice.

Colt gritted his teeth, but then his face relaxed. By that point, we had an audience. "That's not what you said in the hayloft the other night."

My chest tightened, my face heated, and I wanted to be sick. I shrugged off Tanner's arm and ran outside.

"Mallory, wait up!" Juliet called, and I already knew Cara was with her. I didn't turn around. Instead, I kept running as fast as my three inch heels would let me back to the house.

"Mal, talk to us." Cara touched my shoulder just as I messed up the code to the house.

"I need to transfer."

"What?" Juliet took my hand and led me over to the porch swing. "Why? Because Colt's here? That was Colt, wasn't it?"

I nodded. "Yes."

"If it makes you feel any better, he's hot." Cara sat down on my other side.

We rocked the swing a little. "Why would that make me feel better?"

"Because it's completely understandable that you want him."

"I don't want him." I pulled my knees up to my chin.

"You do. If you didn't, you wouldn't be upset." Juliet spoke softly, a significant change from her usual louder voice.

"That has nothing to do with it. I'm humiliated."

"Why?" Cara asked like she had no clue.

"A Kappa pledge just told his whole house we hooked up in a hayloft."

"So?" Juliet asked with a little smile.

"So? That's humiliating."

Juliet leaned back against the wooden swing. "Hooking up with a hot guy from back home is embarrassing? Or where it happened?"

"He's a pledge, a freshman."

"Yeah?" Cara used her feet to get the swing moving more. I hoped it would hold all of us.

"You know what? Forget it. You're both practically married to seniors. You don't get it." I stood up and headed to the door. Thankfully, I got the combo to the door right and made it inside on the first try.

I ran right upstairs, ignoring the questioning looks I got from two of my sisters sitting on the couch.

I flopped down on my bed without bothering to unstrap my sandals. Closing my eyes, I tried to comprehend what Colton's presence and his jerk move meant for me.

My phone rang from where I'd left it in my purse. I ignored it. A minute later, I heard the door open.

"We love you, Mallory." Juliet sat down at the foot of my bed.

I opened my eyes. "Love you too. It's not your fault. I shouldn't have flipped out on you."

"What we don't get is why you're so upset." Cara crossed her arms.

"Oh and why you never told us about your propensity for sex in barns," Juliet smiled. I knew she was trying to lighten the mood.

"That wasn't me. You guys know me. I don't do farms, and certainly not barns. I don't do farm boys."

"I'm not going to correct you on that one..." Juliet smiled again.

I groaned. "Do you think this ruins my chance with Tanner?" Suddenly, the date with Tanner sounded even better. If I was dating an active, no one would listen or care what a pledge said about me. It was perfect.

"So you finally admit you're into him?" Cara asked.

"Yeah." I did find him attractive, and a date with him was appealing. "Do you think he's going to cancel?"

"No, but I can find out for you tonight..." Cara smiled.

"Without making a big deal out of it?"

"We'll be very discreet."

I sat up, the dark cloud partially fading. "Maybe Colt got it out of his system and he won't bother me again."

"He's going to be so busy with pledging, Mal. I wouldn't worry." Juliet's words rang true. And if all else failed, I could have Aaron tell him to lay off. He was the pledge master, after all.

I let out a sigh of relief. "You guys can go back."

Juliet clasped her hands together. "No, we'll stay."

"I'd rather be alone."

Cara shook her head. "No you don't."

"I do. I'm going to take a shower."

"You should come back." Juliet had to be kidding.

"Not a chance."

"Yes. Staying away says you have something to be embarrassed of. You don't. We go back and act like we needed to change out of our heels." She got up and walked over to her closet, pulling out a pair of red flip flops.

"Everyone saw me run out."

"No they didn't. And even if they did, they'd be too drunk to remember." Cara tried too hard.

"All right." They were right, and I knew it. I had to show Colt I wasn't going to let him mess with me and show Tanner I was interested.

I unstrapped my heels and put on some black flip flops. I could do it.

With a friend on both arms, I walked back into the Kappa house. My stomach churned as I caught sight of Tanner and Colt talking. I really hoped the conversation wasn't about me, but I knew it was. The trick was acting like I didn't care.

I let go of my friends' arms and headed straight for the bar. I smiled at the active standing behind it. "Fuzz, please."

"Sure thing, Mallory." He ladled some of the vat into a plastic cup.

I took the cup and walked straight over to a crowd. No one seemed to think anything weird of me being back, so I decided to let it go.

A hand slid around my waist, and I knew whose it was. "Hey, Tanner."

"Hey. I'm glad you came back."

"Yeah." I shrugged. "Can't keep me away."

He leaned in. "He's not going to bother you."

"Oh, good."

"You think I'm going to let a pledge stop me from getting what I've wanted from the moment I laid eyes on you?"

A shiver ran through me. "And what was it that you wanted?"

"You."

"You're not getting anything from me tonight." I'd made the mistake of having a random hook-up once already.

He settled his hand on my hip. "I get that, but we're still on for dinner, right?"

"Yeah. We're still on."

"Great." His lips brushed against my ear. "I'm getting another drink. Be right back."

My phone signaled a text, so I pulled it out. Sorry. Colt only wrote one word, but it made me feel guilty. I searched the room for him and found him quickly. He was watching me with sad eyes.

He pointed to his phone, and I glanced down to see another text. Forgive me?

I nodded, and he smiled.

See you soon, pumpkin.

I gulped down the rest of my drink. It was going to be okay. I glanced up once again, just in time to watch Colt blow me a kiss before turning around to talk to some of the other pledges.

"You doing okay?" Juliet asked, saving me from standing around alone.

"Yeah. I'm okay."

She leaned in. "I told you it would be better if you came back."

"You're always right."

She laughed. "Unless it's about my own life. I was pretty dumb about that last year."

"Yeah, you were." I smiled.

"I'm going to sleep at the house tonight."

"You sure?" I tried to keep the excitement out of my voice when I asked. I was definitely looking forward to some company.

"Yeah. I want to."

"That would be nice."

"Want to head back now and put on Keeping the Faith?"

"Yes!" Juliet and I had a shared love for chick flicks from the 90s. Cara didn't mind watching, but it wasn't her thing.

"Okay. l already said good night to Reed, but do you need to find anyone?" She raised her eyebrow, and I definitely noticed that she didn't use a name.

"Tanner was supposed to come right back, but he disappeared. Let's go." Sometimes you had to leave a guy hanging. It kept him coming back for more.

"Sounds good." Juliet linked her arm with mine, and we left. I didn't look back.

Chapter Seven

All thoughts of Colton and the disaster of my social life were pushed aside as I got ready for bid day the next morning. Thankfully, Jana, the new pledge mom, had decided to have bid day at the house, a much better idea than the joint laser tag event with the Kappas the year before. The day was supposed to be about welcoming the new girls into the house, not about flirting with boys. Of course, I had a very biased opinion on the subject. Spending time around Kappas would be a surefire way to ruin a good day.

"Thank goodness Jana isn't dragging all of us to laser tag again." Cara said exactly what was on my mind.

"I don't know why you guys hated the laser tag thing so much." Juliet brushed out her hair.

"I didn't hate it. I just like that we're having it at the house." I put on some lip gloss, satisfied that I didn't look like a girl who'd been up half the night. Despite a few much needed hours of movie time with Juliet, I was restless all night and sleep evaded me. I still couldn't quite believe Colt was at Harrison or that he was pledging Kappa.

She cocked her head to the side. "You hated it, but that's okay."

"Not all of us met the love of our life there." Cara laughed. She looked down at her blue Timeless Collection t-shirt. This year's bid day theme was Tiffany's (as in the jewelry store). The pledges were getting t-shirts with the year printed on them. It was a cute idea.

Juliet held up her palms. "Yeah, well, I'm also the only one of us who knows how to handle a gun."

I chortled. "Yeah, please remember that comment when you try to recruit me for paint ball next time."

"I can teach you."

"No, thanks. I'll leave that to you professionals." I slipped my ID in my pocket and headed downstairs. Juliet and Cara followed close behind.

Ten minutes later, I was out on the front lawn with the rest of the girls and ready to meet the new pledges. I held onto the side of a huge banner. It was such a different experience on this side. Instead of the nerves you have as a pledge, it's all excitement. I'd gotten a look at the official list and was dying to see one pledge in particular-Jade. I'd made sure to talk to her at every party, and I couldn't wait to welcome her to the house.

We started cheering as soon as the girls appeared on the sidewalk. A bunch of guys from a few of the nearby frat houses came by to check out our "new meat."

I rolled my eyes. "Do guys have to be that obvious?"

"Hey, we did the same thing last night, didn't we?" Cara smiled.

I fought back the wave of nausea that hit me remembering the embarrassment. "Yeah, but it was at a party. This is out in public in broad daylight."

"That somehow makes it different?" Juliet asked.

"Yes. It does." I held back a smile. It's amazing how quickly Juliet could pull me out of a funk.

"All right, either way, it's time to meet everyone." Cara whistled. "Welcome home, girls!"

After several hours of chatting, taking more pictures than I could count, and playing lots of getting to know you games, it was time for lunch. We'd had it catered from a local cafe and sat at elegantly dressed tables to fit the Tiffany theme.

I took a seat at a table with Juliet, Cara, Jana, and a couple of pledges.

"Is there an unofficial rule that Delta Mu's have to date Kappas?" Ashley, a pledge with long blonde hair, asked.

"No. You can date whoever you want," Jana answered immediately.

"But most of you do date Kappas..." Ashley continued.

Cara shrugged. "Can you really blame us?"

"There's a Kappa pledge on the floor above mine that I'm into." Leslie, one of the girls I met during the open house, smiled.

"Oh yeah?" I tried for nonchalant, but I really hoped it wasn't Colt. I realized he'd probably date, but it didn't need to be one of my sisters.

"What's his name?" Juliet asked, keeping her eyes anywhere but on me.

"Colton Waters. He's ridiculously sexy." Leslie bit her lip.

Don't let it bother you. I repeated the words over and over. Why did it matter? I mean what she said was true. He was ridiculously sexy... especially when he was naked.

"Oh, don't waste your time." Juliet leaned back in her chair.

"Why not?" Leslie furrowed her brows.

"He's got a girl back home. I hear she's pretty special and he isn't interested in anyone else."

"Oh. Whatever, there are plenty of other hot guys." Leslie crossed her arms.

I waited until we were alone to corner Juliet. "He's got a girl back home, huh?"

"Hey, you're from his hometown."

"I'm not his girl."

"I'm just looking out for your best interests." She stuffed her hands in the back pockets of her jean skirt.

"Thanks." I smiled. She was an awesome friend. She knew me well enough to know how I'd feel about him dating one of the pledges.

"Anytime."

I was really going to have to keep my jealousy in check. Maybe my date with Tanner would help speed that along.

We'd finally moved the conversation off of Colton when the doorbell rang. Cara grinned and my heart stopped. She'd only be grinning for one reason. Aaron.

"I wonder who that could be." Danielle was a horrible actress. She ran out of the kitchen toward the front of the house. I took a deep breath.

"Pledges, please come out here," Danielle called from the living room.

The pledges got up, looking at each other nervously.

I reluctantly followed them, staying close to Juliet.

The singing started before I'd even made it into the living room. The Kappa pledges, each wearing a dress shirt and khakis, were down on their knees, singing to our pledges. Most of the guys were smiling at the girls, but Colt's eyes weren't on any of the pledges. They were on me. Despite my best intentions, our eyes locked. I finally shook myself, breaking the eye contact. I couldn't look at him that way when he was singing You Are So Beautiful.

"Yeah, you really are completely over him," Juliet mumbled.

"Don't start."

She laughed. "I won't."

The boys finished their song and waited for Aaron to very publicly kiss Cara before heading out the door. Colt treated me to one of his heart melting smiles before walking out. I needed to ignore the flutter in my chest. Nothing good could come from dwelling on him.

The girls were giddy, which is exactly what the serenade was about. Part of why you joined Delta Mu was to get in with the hot guys, and they'd just gotten their first taste of it.

"Hey, if Colton has a girlfriend back home, why was he staring at Mallory that way?" Leslie asked Juliet, but her eyes were also on me.

"I don't know. That's an interesting question." Juliet winked at me. "Maybe it's because Mallory is too hard to resist."

I held in the groan.

"Which Kappa are you with?" Leslie turned back to me.

"None."

"Oh. So you're single?"

"At the moment."

"Cool. It's nice to know not every sister has a boyfriend. That can get old."

"Tell me about it." I spotted Jade standing off by herself. "Can you excuse me for a second?"

"Sure."

I walked over to Jade. "Did you enjoy your serenade?"

"Ah, yeah. Kind of embarrassing."

"For who?"

"All involved." She laughed.

"I might have to agree with you there. Welcome to pledging."

"Thanks. I think this is going to be an interesting experience."

"It will be. It's going to be fun, but it's also a lot of work. If you ever need to talk or anything, just let me know."

"Thanks." She smiled. "You're why I didn't drop out of rush."

"What do you mean?"

"I wasn't sure if a sorority was for me, but you made Delta Mu sound amazing."

"Oh, wow. I'm so glad I had something to do with your decision." I only hoped she enjoyed the experience. I loved it, but that didn't mean it was for everyone.

"I'm excited to be here, but I feel bad for some of my friends who didn't get a house."

I frowned. "Yeah, that's the worst part of the whole system. I wish there were enough spots for every girl who wants to join a sorority."

"Do you think they'll ever change things?"

"No." I answered honestly. "It's a combination of wanting to keep things exclusive and there not being enough chapters on campus." I shared her distaste for the system. I'd even voiced it to the sorority council, but they'd shot me down pretty quickly.

"Yeah. That's what I thought."

I needed to lighten the mood again. "Do you want to go check out the desserts?" I gestured to the kitchen.

"Absolutely."

She had a sweet tooth too? I'd officially found my little sister.

Chapter Eight

The first day of class sophomore year was so much better than freshman year. First, I knew where I was going. Second, I was only taking the classes I wanted to. That would hopefully make keeping my GPA up possible. The only class I wasn't sure of was intro anthropology, but it would satisfy a humanities requirement, and it was a subject that seemed interesting.

I got to class a few minutes early, and I slipped into an empty seat at a long rectangular table. After taking a quick look around the room to see if I recognized anyone, I pulled out a notebook and opened it to the first page. There's something about a fresh notebook that I love. It's almost like it symbolizes new opportunities or something. With a smile, I wrote the date on the top of the page. I heard a few people come in, and I smiled at them in greeting. I glanced at my watch, only two more minutes.

"This seat taken?" a familiar voice asked lightly.

"Colt?" I put a hand to my chest.

He didn't wait for an answer and took the seat right next to me.

"Did you steal my schedule too?"

"Steal your schedule? You think I'm stalking you?"

"You did follow me to college."

"Because I wanted to go here. The fact that we're at the same school is pretty convenient though." He wriggled an eyebrow.

I sighed. "Well, congrats on Kappa."

"Thanks. Glad to know it's the frat you hang out with." There was something in his expression that made it seem like there was more he wanted to say.

"Yeah. I'm with them a lot."

"Nice. I heard we have a mixer with your sorority next week."

"Yeah. We do." I played it cool. I didn't feel like mentioning I was going with a date.

"Maybe we can mix?" He bumped his shoulder into mine.

I was spared from mentioning my plans with Tanner when our professor walked in.

Professor Cains was actually a grad student. I'd never had a student as a professor before, and I wasn't sure how I felt about it. I assumed the university wouldn't have given him the class if he wasn't qualified to teach it, but he certainly didn't look like an expert on anthropology. With crazy hair that stood up in every direction, and a black t-shirt with a picture of an alien on it, if he looked like he belonged in any department, it should have been art.

He cleared his throat loudly. "Welcome to Anthropology 101. Some of you may have signed up for this class thinking it's going to be a joke. If so, you might as well leave. This class will be one of the most intense you've ever taken. Anthropology is one of the most important subjects you'll have the privilege to study, and it's going to be an enormous task to cover the entire field in one semester." His voice got deep and serious. It took every ounce of self-restraint I had not to laugh.

The girl next to me didn't have the same restraint. She giggled.

"Did you have something to add?" Cains asked.

She blushed. "No. Sorry."

"Okay, good. Here is the syllabus. Read it." He tossed a pile of papers down on the middle of the table. Colt took two and slid one over to me.

I glanced down. It seemed pretty standard, except that all assignments were supposed to be done in teams. I looked around the table, hoping I'd missed someone on my first perusal that I knew well enough to partner with other than Colt. Working on anything with Colt wouldn't be good.

"I've already assigned you research teams. There will be no switching. In the real world, you don't get to work with your friends. You work with whatever prick you're assigned to." Cain's face turned red as he worked himself up. Evidently he wasn't a fan of all of his colleagues.

I glanced at Colt. Had Cains just said that?

"I've listed the teams on the last page."

I quickly flipped to the last of ten pages. I found my name and the one next to it. Hell no. Random?

Colton laughed, and I knew he'd seen the same thing. "Guess we'll be seeing plenty of each other, pumpkin."

I put my head in my hands.

"You heard Cains." Colton spoke softly, but his feelings on the matter were made perfectly clear. "No switching."

"This is going to be interesting."

"More like fantastic."

"What did I ever see in you?" I mumbled.

"You mean what do you see in me. Don't pretend it's past tense."

I turned my attention back to Cains.

"There will be opportunities to gain extra credit by signing up for additional projects. I'll have more information on those later."

I listened as he droned on about the course materials, and I packed up as soon as he finished. I had to get to another class.

"Where's your next class?" Colt followed me out.

"Marshall."

"I'm in Tahoe. Any idea where that is?"

"Yeah. I'll show you." I remembered how confusing the buildings were when I first started. The least I could do was help him out on the first day.

"Thanks." He treated me to one of his bright smiles, and that only made everything worse. The smile gave me that fluttering sensation again. Wouldn't that ever go away? Maybe it would happen at the same time I stopped reliving our night together when I closed my eyes.

We walked across the quad. I waved at a few people I knew, and if it was a guy, Colt moved closer to me. I didn't give him a hard time about it. I liked the way his body felt next to mine even if I didn't want to enjoy it.

I stepped away from him. "Here you are." I pointed to the stone building called Tahoe.

"Great. Want to grab lunch later?"

"I already have plans," I said honestly. I was meeting my friends.

"Oh. All right. Have a good class." He surprised me by leaning over and kissing me on the cheek.

"Colt."

"What? Is your cheek off limits now? Even after everything else you let me kiss the other night?"

I resisted the urge to hit him. "Please stop. That was one time."

"So you say."

"What do you want me to say?"

"That you miss me like crazy and can't get the night we spent together out of your head." He played with the strap of his backpack.

"I'm not going to say it." I couldn't. "Bye, Colt."

"See you soon, pumpkin."

"Stop calling me that."

"Never." He grinned before walking into the building.

I shook my head and headed to my next class.

After spending so much time talking to Colt, I barely made it in on time. The small lecture hall had only a few rows, and on a quick glance, I didn't notice many free seats.

"Mallory!"

I looked up and saw Reed waving his arm to get my attention.

"Hey." I took the seat next to his. "I didn't know you were in this class."

"Yeah, I decided to take another econ class before graduation."

"Cool." I pulled out my laptop. Although I preferred pen and paper for discussion classes, I liked to type my lecture notes.

The professor, a much more seasoned one, introduced herself and started a lecture on capital markets and supply, and I lost track of time. Before I knew it, class was over.

We packed up, and Reed held open the door. "You're having lunch with Juliet today, right?"

"Yeah."

"Tell her I said 'hi.' I'm heading down to the school I volunteer at."

"Oh, cool. I will." I smiled before we went our separate ways on the quad. I headed back to the house. I couldn't wait to tell my roommates about my morning. Thankfully, I didn't have to wait long. I ran into Juliet halfway to the house.

"How was your morning?" She pushed her sunglasses up on the top of her head.

"An experience."

"An experience? Who was it? Colt or Tanner?"

"Colton, but before I forget, Reed was in my econ class, and he said hi."

"Oh, I forgot he'd switched into that."

"You don't have your boyfriend's schedule memorized? I think that means you suck at being a girlfriend."

She laughed. "Come on, spill."

"Let's wait for Cara. I don't want to tell this story twice."

"Seriously? You're going to make me wait?" She nearly stepped into me trying to get out of the way of someone on a bike. "Use the road!" she called after him. I loved Juliet.

"Yes. Cara will be here soon."

"Do you need to go inside for anything?"

"Yeah, to switch books. I have class at one, and I don't want to come back."

"Could you bring these up for me?" She handed me a couple of history books.

"Sure."

"Thanks." She sat down on the swing.

"Anything else I can do for you, your highness?"

"Some ice water would be nice. But don't forget the lemon."

I shook my head. "Drink from your water bottle."

"If I must," she said in a horrible attempt at a British accent. What the accent had to do with anything, I didn't know.

"Be right back."

I ran upstairs and changed out my books. I only had one afternoon class which meant my pink and white coach tote bag wouldn't be as heavy. I checked my reflection in the mirror before stopping in the bathroom real quick.

"Hey, Mallory. How's your day going?" Jana asked.

"It's been all right. How about yours?"

"It's been pretty good." She brushed a few strands of her red hair behind her ear.

"Are you done for the day?"

"Yeah. I only have one class Monday, Wednesday, and Friday." Her face lit up.

"That's awesome."

"There are some perks to being a senior." She grinned.

"I bet."

"By the way, I ran into Tanner earlier. He was asking me a million questions about you."

"Yeah?" I started down the stairs.

"Uh huh. I think he's going to try to impress you on Thursday."

"Impress me, huh?"

"Yeah. Did you know I dated him freshman year?"

"Wait, really?" I'd never seen Jana really date anyone. She was at tons of parties, and always seemed to be out, but she never seemed to be with anyone.

"Yeah. It didn't last long, but we went out a few times."

"Oh. Cool."

"He's a lot more mature now."

"It's been three years." I wondered what she meant, and what had soured her relationship so fast.

"Mallory? Are you coming?" Juliet called in.

"We're getting lunch at the student center. Want to come?" For some reason, most of Jana's closest friends had been in the class above her. She seemed a little lonely this year.

"No, thanks. I'm going to make something here, but we should hang out later."

"Yeah, definitely." I waved and headed out onto the porch.

"Cara's going to meet us there. She's running late." Juliet took one last swing and then got up.

"Okay, cool."

We walked over to the student center, talking about nothing in particular, and just enjoyed being back on the bustling campus.

A girl walking out held open the door to the building for us, and we headed to the large cafeteria area.

"Mallory, Juliet!" Cara called.

I followed her voice and found her standing with Aaron and Colt. No freaking way.

Juliet laughed dryly. "That sucks."

"Tell me about it."

"I mean now I have to wait longer to hear the details." She grinned, and I knew she was kidding, but that didn't spare her from a shove.

"Cara is going to get it."

"You know she didn't plan this."

"You sure?" I nodded toward where she giggled as Aaron leaned in to whisper something in her ear.

"Okay, she didn't plan on Colt being with him."

I let out a deep cleansing breath. "Let's do this."

"Hey, guys." I mustered a one thousand watt smile and aimed it at Cara.

She shot me an apologetic look. "Hey. Look who we ran into on the way here."

"I see. Good to see you again, Colton."

"Very good to see you, Mallory." By the look on his face, he was proud of himself for figuring out another way to annoy the heck out of me.

I picked up a wrap and met everyone at a table. Colt pulled out my chair for me.

"Thanks." I needed to be polite. I just had to make it until Thursday when everyone would see me with Tanner. Then things could get back to normal, or better than normal.

"So what do you girls have planned for tonight?" Aaron asked, probably trying to get the conversation moving despite some very palpable awkwardness.

Cara replied immediately. "Nothing really. The pledges have a meeting, but that's all Jana's department. We're free."

"Okay, cool. You girls should come over."

Colt scooted his chair closer, and I inched away. "I'm going to help Jana with the pledge mom duties. I know she could use the help."

Both Juliet and Cara looked at me. "You are?"

"Yeah. It could be fun." It would also buy me more excuses. Tanner or no Tanner, visiting the Kappa house wasn't going to be top on my priority list for a while. "Looks like I'll have to pass tonight."

"Oh, that's too bad." Juliet nudged me.

"It is, isn't it?"

Colt laughed. "That's okay, babe. I wouldn't have been there anyway. Aaron says we have tonight off." The look he shot me was both triumphant and challenging.

Cara and Juliet laughed. Aaron looked completely clueless.

"I have to go get ready for class." I put my bag on my shoulder and picked up my nearly untouched wrap. I had over an hour to burn, but I'd figure out how to fill the time once I got outside.

I half expected Colt to get up and follow me, but he didn't.

"Bye. See you guys later." I waved before walking out of the student center. Colt had already started talking to Aaron. Maybe things could still be normal. I mustered up all the optimism I had.

Chapter Nine

"Is there a reason for this sudden interest in new member education?" Jana sat cross legged on the plush carpet of the pledge room. A large pile of binders and papers sat between us. We were putting together the sorority history packets.

"I just think it could be fun to help with the pledges." I finished a binder and set it aside.

"So it has nothing to do with any boys?" Her voice lilted slightly.

"Why would you ask that?"

"Just a hunch." She pushed over another empty binder.

"A hunch?" I asked skeptically.

"It's just that you're usually inseparable from Juliet and Cara. I figured there had to be a reason you signed up to do this alone."

"Juliet was the only one who signed up to help with rush prep."

Jana smiled. "And she did it for a boy..."

"Good point."

"So what's up? Trouble with Tanner already?" She seemed more interested in my answer than normal. We were friends but not particularly close ones.

"No. We haven't even gone out yet."

"Not until Thursday, huh?"

"Yeah. Should be interesting."

"I'm curious how it goes." She stuffed another binder.

"Do you mind that I'm going out with him?" I had to clear the air. A date with Tanner wasn't worth making things awkward in the house, or worse, hurting Jana.

"No. Of course not."

"Okay...it just seemed like you might." I watched her closely, trying to make sure her expression and body language matched her words.

"We broke up ages ago."

"I just don't want to upset you or anything."

"You'll be a better fit for him than me anyway."

"What do you mean?" She had my attention.

"Ask me again after your date."

"Oh, come on. You have to tell me."

She shook her head. "No. I don't want to put any ideas into your head. Enjoy dinner and we'll talk after the mixer."

"You're not going to budge?"

"No. But if it's not Tanner that has you here, then who is it?"

"Hmm?" I mumbled, concentrating on the pile of paper in front of me.

"Why are you here and not with your friends?"

"I guess word hasn't spread that fast."

"Meaning?" She set aside the last binder.

"I'll tell you when you tell me about Tanner."

She laughed lightly. "I guess we'll both be guessing for a few days, huh?"

"I guess so." I finished putting together the last of the binders.

***

"Hey, you look great." Tanner grinned as he watched me descend the stairs. I'd gone with a short green halter dress with a pair of killer black stilettos. Shoes can make an outfit.

"Thanks. You look nice too." His khaki slacks and blue collared shirt looked great on his lean, athletic frame. Tanner wasn't quite as built as the other Kappas. I wondered if it was a result of his year abroad.

"Glad you think so." He put a hand on the door knob. "Ready to go?"

"Sure."

He gestured for me to go first, so I waved at a few of my sisters hanging out downstairs and walked out onto the porch.

"I made us reservations at that new place that just opened next to Starbucks. I haven't been there yet, but it's supposed to be great."

"Sounds good."

We walked back toward the Kappa house. I wasn't surprised when he stopped in front of a Lexus sedan. He seemed like a Lexus guy. Not quite as showy as a BMW, but a step up from what most college boys drove. The car was a few years old, and I had the feeling it was probably his mom or dad's car first. His hand-me-down was much nicer than mine.

After opening my door for me, he went around to his own side and got in. "How's life living in the house?"

"I like it better than the dorms. I get to live with my best friends."

He started the car. A loud rock song blared from the speakers, but he quickly turned it off. "That's fun sometimes, but I like having my own room."

"You like privacy?"

He pulled out onto the street. "Yeah. It comes in handy." He looked me over again before returning his eyes to the road.

"Is that your way of saying you bring girls home a lot?"

He shook his head. "I've only been back a few days."

"You know what I mean."

"I'm surprised you haven't asked around about me."

"Should I have?" I looked at him. What was he hinting at?

"If you had, you'd know I'm not a player."

I leaned back against the seat. "Oh yeah?"

"I prefer relationships. Less drama and more meaningful sex."

I laughed. I couldn't help it. "Meaningful sex? Like you care about that?"

"You don't?"

"I do, but guys don't."

"Hey, I'm not the one who recently hooked up in a hayloft."

Did he have to bring that up? I crossed my arms over my chest. "Below the belt."

He shrugged. "I'm just saying you're not allowed to pass judgment on me like that. You can't just assume that because I'm a guy, I use girls."

"Does it really bother you?" I shifted in my seat, trying to find a more comfortable spot.

"It bothers me that you assume I'm a player. I like you, and I don't want you thinking I only asked you out for sex."

"Only for sex? Does that mean that's part of it?"

He laughed a nervous sort of laugh. "Of course. Just like sex is one of the reasons you said yes to me."

"It's not."

"Is that so?" He effortlessly parallel parked. "You weren't thinking about sex at all when you said yes?"

"Nope." At least not sex with him. I was probably thinking about having had sex with Colton.

"I already know you aren't innocent. There's no reason to pretend."

"I'm not pretending."

There was something pretentious about Tanner. He wasn't being a jerk, but the way he talked to me sounded condescending whether he intended it to or not. I reflected on why I'd agreed to the date as I waited for him to come around and open my door.

"Sure you're not," he whispered as he gave me his hand to help me out.

He kept hold of my hand as we walked into the restaurant. After giving his name to the hostess, we were led to a table in the middle of the large dining room.

He pulled my chair out. I took a seat, glancing around at the purple and black decor. They were going for hip, and it showed. I opened the menu, wondering if the food matched. I was really into how places marketed themselves. It's why I wanted to major in marketing once I could get admitted to the business school. You couldn't apply until midway through sophomore year.

I studied the menu, pleasantly surprised by the options.

"Did I upset you?" Tanner's question took me by surprise. I thought he'd moved on from that conversation.

"No."

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah. Do I look upset?"

"Not exactly. It's more like you lost the excitement you had when I picked you up."

"No. I'm fine." Maybe he was more perceptive than I thought. Either that or I was doing a horrible job of hiding my feelings.

"I hope so." His eyes bore into mine.

The intense gaze bothered me. It felt like my privacy was being invaded or something. "Stop staring at me like that."

"Why?"

"Because it's weirding me out."

"I'm not allowed to look at my beautiful date?"

"You can look, but maybe not that intently." I self-consciously smoothed out my dress.

He laughed. "Okay. I'll keep that in mind."

The waiter came over, and we ordered. I'd gone with a twist on a chef salad. It used seafood instead of the usual meats.

"What did you do this summer?" He spread his napkin on his lap.

"I worked as a lifeguard."

"Cool."

"And you?"

"Interned in the finance department of National Bank in Atlanta."

"Really?" Great. I knew he was into business, but banking? No, thanks.

"Yeah."

"That's cool."

"It was. Great experience, but nothing like my year abroad."

"Oh yeah?" My dad was in banking, but it's not like he ever told me much about what he did.

"I studied at the London School of Economics and did an internship at a bank in London last year. It really gave me a more international perspective."

"I bet." I studied a faded stain on the off-white tablecloth.

"Okay. Now I'm boring you. I'm not sure which is worse. Upset or bored."

"Will you stop worrying? I'm not upset or bored."

"Maybe if you'd smile. You have a nice smile."

"Do I?"

"Yes, you do. I just don't know where it's hiding." He laid his hand palm up on the table.

I forced a smile. "It's right here." What was wrong with me? I'd been in a bad mood since he brought up my hayloft hook up.

"I'd prefer a real one..."

"Oh look, our food's coming." I'd never been more relieved to watch a waiter approach before. I dug into my salad, grateful for the distraction.

"Glad to see you have an appetite."

"Yeah, I eat."

"It's a good thing unless you're using it to avoid talking to me." He tapped his fingers on the table next to his virtually untouched steak.

"You worry more than a girl."

"Is that supposed to be a put down of me or girls?"

"Neither. I'm just asking you to stop worrying. Okay?"

"If you're sure there's no reason for me to be doing it."

"Let's just enjoy dinner."

"Okay. How about we talk about something that doesn't bore you to tears?" He took a bite of his steak.

"I'm game for that." At least he was trying.

"If we're going to play gender stereotypes, let's try this. One topic that can't bore you, you."

"Me?"

"Yeah. Let's talk about you." He sipped his wine. I'd declined a glass and went with iced tea.

"Okay. What about me?"

"How many boyfriends have you had?"

"One." Easy question.

"Really? I'm guessing that doesn't include Colt."

"Colt was never my boyfriend."

"Okay. How many guys have you slept with?"

"Is this really an appropriate conversation?"

"Oh, that means it's a high number."

"Two." As tempted as I was to say twenty just to see his face, I went with the real number.

"Colt and that boyfriend." He took another sip. "Aren't you going to ask me the same question?"

"No." I had no desire to know about his past conquests. The number and names didn't matter since I was almost 100% positive I was never sleeping with Tanner. There wasn't enough between us.

"See, I knew you just wanted to talk about yourself."

"No. I just don't care about this conversation."

He leaned back in his chair. "Man, you're a hard girl to please."

I ignored the comment and took another bite of my salad.

He smiled suddenly. "I've heard you were a little bit of a heart breaker last year."

I dropped my fork onto my plate. A couple at the next table looked over. "That's not true."

"Yeah? Then what happened with Ryan?"

"I don't know if I should tell you."

"Come on." He leaned across the table slightly. "No secrets."

"You really want to know?"

"Yes. I definitely want to know."

"We were going to hook up when he suddenly missed his ex and broke down crying."

Tanner laughed. "For real? Ryan bawled on you before sex?"

"Pathetic, huh?"

"For him, yeah. Not for you."

"I'd like to think I'm enough to distract a guy from his ex."

He picked up my hand that was resting on the table. "Mallory, you could distract a man from just about anything." There was something about the way he said it that made things far less awkward.

"Is that so?"

"Absolutely." He moistened his lips, and I wondered if he was thinking about kissing me.

"Interesting." I took a long sip of my tea.

We finished eating and set aside our silverware. If I'd been wearing a watch, I'd have been subtly looking at it. I was definitely ready to go.

"Would you like dessert?" he asked as soon as the waiter collected our plates.

"I'm all right, but feel free."

"I might get coffee."

"Oh. I could do that." If I was going to have to wait for him anyway, I might as well get something.

"Are you sure that's it? You don't have a sweet tooth?"

"I do. But I'm full."

"That salad filled you up that much?" He made a noise that might be considered a snort.

"Yes."

"If you say so." He ordered us both a coffee.

"Do you like arguing with me?" I shifted my legs under the table and inadvertently brushed mine against Tanner's. He didn't seem to mind.

"Yes. You get really animated when you're annoyed."

"No, I don't."

"Yes, you do." He grinned. "You're doing it right now."

The waiter came over with our coffees, and I added my sweetener and cream.

"Well, I don't like arguing."

"Yes, you do. What is it about you and denying things?" He sipped his coffee.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Your first instinct is to deny." He set down his cup.

"No, it's not."

He laughed. "There it is. And when Colt outed your hook up, you immediately denied it."

I blanched. "First Ryan, and now Colt? Are you purposely trying to sabotage this date?"

He leaned back in his chair. "No. Not at all. I'm just curious about what makes you tick."

"I'm not that hard of a girl to understand."

"No. You're not. Except that you're hiding something, or more than one thing."

"What do you think I'm hiding?" I shifted in my chair nervously.

"I haven't figured it out yet."

"Phew. At least I have time to distract you." I threw him my most dazzling smile.

He laughed. "You're something else, Mallory."

"I know."

"So what else should I know about you? You don't seem to like my questions, so why not decide for yourself what I learn?"

"You want to know about me?"

"Yeah." He pulled out his wallet when the waiter dropped off the bill. I didn't bother offering to split it. I always let the guy pay. It fed their ego. Arguing just made it seem like you didn't think they could afford you, or that you were a cheap date. You don't want a guy thinking either.

"My middle name is Alice. My favorite color is blue. I love nice boys and fast cars."

He laughed. "Is that so? What about fast boys and nice cars?"

"Fast boys? Shouldn't you say bad boys?"

He shrugged. "Do you want me to say that?" He lowered his voice. "Do you want me to be a bad boy?"

"I already told you I like nice boys."

"What does nice entail?"

"If you don't know, then you're not one."

He laughed dryly. "I know."

"Good. Then don't waste your time asking." I pushed back my chair.

I headed toward the front of the restaurant, and Tanner's hand settled on the small of my back. He opened my car door for me, and waited until I was buckled before pulling away from the curb. Each time he did something gentleman-like, he glanced at me.

"Are you trying to make sure I noticed how nice you are?"

"Maybe."

"You're a goof ball."

"Goof ball? That's a new one. Usually girls call me something else."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah. Maybe later we'll find out if you do too."

"Later?" I raised an eyebrow.

"Later."

He parked by his house. I assumed he planned on drinking since the party was still a few blocks away. I appreciated him thinking ahead, but I wasn't exactly looking forward to walking home in heels.

He must have noticed my reaction. "Don't worry, I can carry you home."

"Not to your place." I closed the car door.

"Oh? You sure about that?" He wrapped his hand around mine as we walked.

"Absolutely."

"We'll see about that."

Chapter Ten

The mixer was in full swing when we arrived. I glanced around the crowded bar, looking for my friends. I'd learned it was easier to find their boyfriends. Both guys, especially Reed, were huge. The first face I noticed wasn't any of them. Colt smiled when he caught my eye. Unable to resist, I smiled back.

"What's your drink?" Tanner asked.

"You don't already know?" I said sarcastically.

"You want me to guess?"

"Sure. Surprise me."

"All right. Be right back." He walked over to the bar. I wandered into the crowd, determined to find someone I knew.

Colt found me first. "Hey, pumpkin." He stopped inches in front of me.

"Hey." I didn't bother pretending I was unhappy to see him. He wouldn't have bought it for a second. I didn't want to lead him on, but I really wanted us to go back to being friends.

"How was dinner?"

"Oh." I felt a wave of guilt but tried to shrug it off. I'd never pretended to have an interest in dating Colt. In fact, I'd been doing the opposite. Well, besides sleeping with him once.

"Oh?" He took a sip of his beer. "Is that all you have to say?"

"It was great." I tried to smile to add believability.

"Great, huh?" He raised an eyebrow. "Does that mean you're going out with him again?" The unmistakable look of jealousy crossed his face.

"Maybe. I haven't decided yet."

"Decided what?" Tanner returned, slipping an arm around my waist as he handed me a glass with a clear liquid and mint leaves.

"Nothing."

"Whether you're getting another date." Colt spoke at the same time as me.

I glared at him.

"Oh? And what did you decide?" Tanner's arm tightened around me.

"Jury's still out," Colt filled in before I could.

"I wasn't asking you, pledge." Tanner turned to me. "What do you say?"

"I didn't hear you ask me out again, so there's no reason to think about it yet." Our first date definitely hadn't been amazing, but a second wasn't ruled out completely.

"Oh yeah? Okay." He grinned. "Want to go out again?"

"That depends." I'd walked into the trap myself.

"On?"

I made my decision. I'd give him another chance, but I wasn't going to outright admit it yet. "Whether you picked out a good drink."

"Then take a sip. Don't leave me hanging."

I sipped the cool, refreshing liquid. "A mojito. Nice. I think I'll see you again."

"Glad I passed the test." His lips tickled my earlobe as he leaned in.

Tanner looked up, like he'd just remembered Colt. "This is a mixer, pledge. Why don't you go mix?"

"Yeah. Sure. See you later, Mal." Colt didn't appear interested in mixing.

"I wouldn't wait up for her." Tanner used his hand to lead me away.

"Getting cocky, huh?" I teased. "Anyway, what happened to you wanting meaningful sex?"

"Sex with you would be very meaningful." His fingers gently stroked my hip.

"For who?"

"Both of us. I mean I already know your favorite color and middle name. What else do I need to know?"

I laughed. "Yeah, if you're looking to get lucky, you should probably do some mixing of your own."

"Trying to ditch me already? We just got here."

"I need to find my friends."

"And we can't find them together?"

Man, he was clingy. I always complained about going to parties alone, but at least I didn't have to worry about a guy following me around. I caught sight of Juliet talking to another one of my sorority sisters, Claire. "I'll catch up with you later." I tried to slip away.

His hand tightened slightly. "Is that a promise?"

"Maybe." I pulled away and rushed off. Either he was hard up or we had very different definitions of how casual couples acted at these things.

"Mallory, hey!" Juliet waved.

"Hey, girls."

"How was dinner?" Claire asked. Pretty much my entire house knew about the date. I guess Tanner's return had been noticed by a lot of people.

"It was all right."

Juliet made a strange face, and I was prepared to explain when I heard Colt's voice from behind me. "All right? What happened to great?"

I groaned. "Eavesdropping on other people's conversations isn't cool."

"Yeah? Well, neither is listening to you flirt with a jack ass."

All three of us looked at him with surprise. Claire spoke first. "Are you really saying that about an active?"

"Like you girls never complained about actives when you were pledging?"

"Not in public." In private, we did it tons. Especially when it came to our pledge mom, Amanda. That was one senior I was glad to see graduate.

"This isn't public."

"A bar isn't public?" I gave him a disbelieving look.

"No. It's a fascinating conversation with three beautiful women."

Claire giggled. A wave of jealousy hit me, and I didn't like it.

"Aside from the jack asses, how's the pledging life going?" Juliet asked.

"Your boyfriend isn't a jack ass, by the way."

"No, only the ones who hit on Mallory are, right?"

Colt smiled. "Exactly. But it's been okay. Keeping me busy."

"I bet. It's only for a few months though." There went Juliet with all the glass half-full stuff again.

"Yeah, and it's nice that I still have time to see my favorite girl." He winked at me.

"See me? If you mean bother then sure."

"I'm not bothering you." He took a half step toward me. "I notice the way your eyes light up when you see me."

"Are you sure they're not lighting up with anger?"

Juliet and Claire both laughed.

"Nah, they light up the same way during sex."

I took in a sharp breath. "It happened once, Colt. You're not an expert on how I am during sex."

"On that note, we're leaving." Juliet tugged on Claire's arm and walked away. She was in so much trouble.

I turned to follow, but Colt put a hand on my shoulder. "Afraid to talk to me alone?"

I shook my head.

"You sure?"

"Why would I be afraid?" I crossed my arms.

"I don't know. Maybe you're afraid you can't control yourself around me."

I cough-laughed. "Ah, no. That's not an issue."

"Oh?"

"Are we really going to do this?"

"Do what?"

"Play this game." I dropped my arms to my sides. "I'd like to stay friends with you."

"Stay friends?"

"Yeah. I don't want us to end up hating each other."

"I could never hate you, but I promise you we're already a hell of a lot more than friends. I have some amazing memories to prove it." He leaned over and kissed my cheek before I could react. "Have fun, pumpkin." He walked off into the crowd.

"Grrrr."

"Doing all right, hun?" Cara put a hand on my shoulder. She had her blonde curls tied up for once. She usually wore her hair down.

"Yeah. I'll be fine." I downed the rest of my drink.

"Where's your date?"

"I'm not sure. I needed some air."

She laughed. "You complain about being single, yet you can't handle a date for a night?"

"I just like my independence."

"He had a good time at dinner, by the way." She sipped her drink.

"Oh yeah?" I looked down at my empty glass. I hoped my fake ID worked just as well this year, because I wasn't hunting Tanner down just to get another drink.

"He's smitten."

"Smitten, huh? I haven't heard that word lately."

"What word should I use?"

"Maybe just he's into me?"

"I like smitten."

"Of course you do."

"Dare I ask what you're implying?" She narrowed her eyes.

"Nothing my English major love."

"Being an English major somehow defines my vocabulary choices?"

"No, but it makes you nerdy about words." I set my glass down on a table.

"Whatever that means."

"Hey, ladies." Aaron joined us.

"Hey."

"Has Tanner found you?"

"Was he looking for me?"

"Why does that surprise you? A guy's supposed to look for his date. Cara was supposed to be going to the bathroom, not sure how she got lost."

"I didn't get lost." She put a hand on her hip. "I found Mallory."

"I was kidding, babe." He kissed her, and she smiled up at him with that sickeningly sweet smile she only gave him.

"I'll catch you guys later." I half waved, but before I could leave, Tanner found us.

"Why hello there." He grinned.

"Hey."

"You finished your drink." He gestured to my empty hand.

"Great observation."

"Want another of the same?"

I figured it couldn't hurt. Besides, it meant I didn't have to take a chance with my ID. "Sure."

"You're coming with me."

"Am I?"

"You're not wandering off on me again."

"Are you trying to buy my company through drinks, Tanner?"

"No. I already got the promise of another date. I'm just saving myself the time of hunting you down."

"You don't like the hunt?" I needed to stay friendly, even if his clinginess was annoying me.

"I do, but I like the catch better." He ran his fingers over my cheek. "And I've already caught you."

"That's what you think."

"Oh yeah? Are you going to run off on me again? Maybe go flirt with your ex, for what the third time tonight?" Tanner let his jealous side show, and it wasn't pretty.

"He's not my ex," I snapped.

"Calm down. It was a joke."

"Oh. Yeah. Right."

"I think you need that drink." He led me over to the bar.

"A mojito, and a Jack and Coke," Tanner ordered.

"IDs," the female bartender said automatically.

Tanner turned to me nervously.

I fished mine out of my wallet. "Here."

The bartender studied the ID before returning it and looking over at Tanner's. After returning his, she made our drinks.

I waited until we were out of the bartender's ear shot to turn to him. "In the future, don't look at me that way when I'm getting carded."

"Sorry," he said sheepishly. "I just wasn't sure if you had one."

"That's probably something to ask before you drag me over to the bar with you."

"I'm not used to dating younger girls."

"Have you ever?"

"Dated a younger girl?"

"Yeah." I turned my glass in my hand.

"Nope. I've always been with girls my age, I guess."

I thought of Jana. "Oh."

"Was that high school boyfriend of yours older?"

"Yeah, by a year." Sometimes I wondered if his age was why I was so excited to date Jack in the first place. There was something exciting about dating someone older, and at least in theory, more mature than guys my age, even if it was just a year.

"I still can't believe he was your only boyfriend." Tanner sipped his drink but kept his eyes trained on my face.

"Why not?"

"You're hot and confident. That usually means a lot of dating." Tanner's voice sounded a little off, but he couldn't have been drunk yet.

"Not always."

He laughed. "See, there's the confidence. Some girls would be all 'I'm not hot.'"

"I'm not one of those girls." It's not that I had amazing self-confidence, but I certainly wasn't going to let a guy like Tanner see an ounce of self-doubt come from me.

"I get that."

"If I asked you to get out of here, would you get the wrong impression?" He studied my face.

"That depends on what you wanted to do."

"I don't know." He put his hands in the pockets of his slacks. "Walk."

"You want to go for a walk?"

"Are you in?"

"I need to finish my drink." I held up my nearly untouched glass.

"Take your time."

I took it. I didn't want to seem overeager, because I wasn't. Tanner wasn't a bad guy, and he was definitely attractive, but I doubted it was going to go anywhere. Still, there was a chance it could work and that was enough to warrant spending more time with him. At least, that's what I tried to convince myself so I wouldn't feel like a horrible person for leading him on. I sipped my drink slowly, watching the crowd.

"The pledges left. Aaron sent them out."

"Oh." Had he figured out what I was doing? "I wasn't looking for them."

"Sure you weren't."

"I wasn't." I set down my now mostly empty glass. "Still want to take that walk?"

"Definitely." He set aside his drink and took my hand.

When I didn't see Cara or Juliet, I sent them a quick text to let them know I was leaving-and going home to our room. Tanner pushed open the door, and we walked out.

"We don't have to go too far. I know your shoes aren't the most practical."

I glanced at my heels. "But they are cute."

He looked down at them, and then at my legs. "Very cute."

"And my feet aren't hurting so bad."

"Maybe the drinks are helping."

"I only had two." I didn't need him thinking I was a lightweight.

"How many drinks does it usually take for you to feel them?" He put an arm around my shoulders.

"A few."

"That doesn't help."

I laughed. "Is it supposed to be an exact science or something?"

He adjusted his hand on my arm. "I need something more to go on than just a few."

"Why?" I wondered why he cared so much.

"Because I need to make sure you don't get sick or anything."

"First of all, that implies we'll be going out a lot. Second of all, that's kind of patronizing."

"You already agreed to another date, and it's just called caring."

"I'm an adult. I can decide how much I drink." I pulled away from him.

"Ah, there's that look in your eyes again."

"Are you trying to make me fight with you?"

"I wasn't, but hey, it's kind of fun."

I walked away, assuming he'd follow. I'm all about girl power, but walking around a city alone at night while wearing a short dress isn't the smartest thing.

He caught up with me and spun me around into his arms. "I like you, Mallory."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah. But I don't want to play games."

"What's that supposed to mean? You're the one riling me up."

"Are you into Colt or not? I'm not fighting with a freshman for your attention."

"I'm not into Colt." I wished my body agreed with the statement.

"Are you sure about that?"

"Positive." I tried to convince my heart and mind of it too.

"Good." He brushed his lips against me.

I stepped back, not wanting the light kiss to go further. He didn't get that. He closed the space between us and really kissed me this time. His lips moved against mine slowly, and then a little faster. I slipped away before he could deepen it.

He didn't move to stop me, but he left his hands resting on my hips. "You are really good at this whole distraction thing."

I shrugged. "Glad you think so." Had he missed the fact that I wasn't into the kiss?

He laughed. "So when are we going out again?"

"I don't know. When are we?" I'd already agreed to another date. I wasn't going to cancel. So I wasn't into kissing him, maybe that could change.

"I'm going to a house party Saturday that some of my friends from my freshman floor are throwing. You want to come?"

"A house party. Romantic."

"Oh, now you want romantic?"

"No. Not at all."

"If you say so." He moved his hands from around me, but quickly picked up my hand. "Ready to head back?"

"Not to your place."

"I figured that."

"You did?"

"Yeah. And you'll be worth the wait."

"Think the sex will be meaningful enough for you?" I tried to play along.

He leaned over to whisper in my ear, "Oh, it will be very meaningful."

I shook my head. "Keep telling yourself that."

Chapter Eleven

The last thing I wanted to do on Friday morning was go to class. Thursday night parties were fun, but they made getting up the next morning hard. My alarm didn't go off because I'd been so tired I never set it, and I barely made it to my first class on time. Without time to grab breakfast or even a coffee, I was dreading my morning classes.

"You still like yours with milk and Splenda, right?" Colt held out a large cup of coffee as I slid into my seat in anthro less than two minutes before it started.

"Oh my god, you're a savior." I accepted the coffee. Just because I didn't want to date him, didn't mean I shouldn't act appreciative.

He laughed. "I figured you could use one."

"Weren't you up late too? I heard Aaron had you guys leave to do something."

"Yeah to sleep. We've got something big going on tonight I guess."

"Oh. Well, at least he thought ahead." I opened the little flap on my coffee and took a tentative sip. "Thank you."

"No problem."

"I'm impressed you remembered how I take my coffee."

"I'm glad you're impressed, but you shouldn't be surprised."

Professor Cains walked in, starting the class before he even reached the front of the room.

Class wasn't nearly as bad as I expected, mostly thanks to the coffee. The gesture had been really thoughtful and perfectly timed.

Colt and I walked to our next classes together. I didn't attempt to ditch him. The coffee had definitely put him in my good graces. "Do you want to meet up this weekend to start working on the first project?"

"This weekend?" Wow, he was on the ball.

"Yeah. It's due in a week."

"Aren't you busy with Kappa all weekend?"

"Tonight and some of Sunday, but I'm free tomorrow."

"I have plans tomorrow night." I was less excited about my next date with Tanner than the first. Going to a party where I knew no one didn't sound like much fun.

"Yeah. I know."

"How?"

"I ran into Tanner this morning. He was quick to make sure I knew."

"Oh." Lovely. Tanner really had a possessive side. Either that or he was incredibly threatened by Colt.

"Do you even like him?" Colt's words weren't tentative. He was challenging me.

"Yes." It wasn't a complete lie. I did like certain things about him.

"Come on, Mallory. You don't."

"I don't know him well yet." I looked around Colt to the bustling quad. I wanted to get lost in the crowd so I could escape the conversation. I appreciated the coffee, but I didn't like where the discussion was headed.

"In other words, you're not ready to admit you're using him as an excuse."

"Just when I thought you were being cool, and we could be friends..."

"It's not like you. You don't use people. Remember that." He nodded before walking into his building.

I sighed. Great. Just what my conscious needed. I was still thinking about his words when I slipped into my seat next to Reed in econ.

"Hey."

"Hey." I booted up my laptop.

"I heard you had fun last night."

"Yeah, it was cool. How about you?"

"It was nice." He got a goofy smile on his face, and I could tell he was thinking about his night.

"Anything with Juliet is fun for you."

"That it is." He smiled brighter and got his own laptop ready. "So you and Tanner, huh?"

"I guess."

"You guess? I heard you're going out again tomorrow."

"We are."

"Why do I get the sense you're not into it?" He turned to me.

I couldn't get Colt's words out of my head. "I am. It's just early."

"I get that." His expression didn't quite match his words. I appreciated that he didn't try to push me any further on it.

Class started and I was more than happy to concentrate on economic principles rather than my love life. It was far simpler.

***

Sisterhood movie nights are one of the best ways to spend an evening. A night without guys can be more rewarding than you'd think, and it was exactly what I needed at the moment. The first one of the year was on Friday night, and I happily settled into watching a movie with the other girls. We'd ordered in Italian and broke out some popcorn and candy-all movie theater style.

I sat on the floor and leaned back comfortably against the couch. We had nearly perfect attendance, which meant there were close to sixty girls watching the movie. The den was a little over crowded, but no one seemed to mind.

My phone rang halfway through the movie. I saw my mom's name on the screen and headed toward the stairs to answer it. "Mom?"

"Mallory, hi." Something was off. She didn't sound right.

"Is everything okay?" I quickly took the stairs. Juliet glanced up at me questioningly. I waved her off and went up to my room.

"Yes and no."

"What's that mean?" I lay down on my bed.

"Mallory." She paused, as if carefully considering her words. "It's your father."

"What about him?" I hadn't seen or talked to my dad in ages. As far as I knew, neither had she. The birthday card and my quick thank you note were the only communication we'd had in months.

"He had a heart attack."

"What? Is he okay?" I felt the stinging of tears. We may not have been close anymore, but he was still my dad.

"From what I got from his assistant, he's still in the critical care unit in the hospital."

"Should I go there?" I asked nervously. I wasn't sure what answer I wanted to hear.

"Davie asked the same question. We're going to wait until morning and reevaluate."

"Is he going to be okay?"

"I don't know, honey, but I hope so."

"Thanks for letting me know."

"Are you alone?" Concern filled her voice.

"Nope. I've got a house full of company." Although unusually quiet thanks to the movie, there were tons of girls around.

"Good. I'll update you in the morning. I love you, sweetie."

"I love you too. Tell Davie and Rob I love them too." I tried to control my voice before hanging up.

"Mallory?" Cara asked softly from the doorway. She waited with Juliet.

"Hi. Sorry." I used the side of my hand to dry my eyes.

"Why are you saying sorry?" Juliet took a step into the room. Cara followed and they closed the door behind them.

"I don't know."

"What's going on?" They both sat down on my bed.

"My dad had a heart attack."

"Is he okay?" both girls asked at once.

"We don't know." I wiped my eyes again.

"This is your dad dad, right? Not your stepdad?" Cara slipped off her shoes and pulled up her leg so she could look at me better.

"Yeah."

"Are you going to Charlotte? Do you want me to take you?" Juliet offered, mirroring Cara's movements.

"I'm not sure. My mom's supposed to update me in the morning."

"I'm so sorry. Is there anything we can do?"

"No. I think I'm going to take a walk."

"A walk?" Cara asked. "Now?"

"Yeah. I need to move."

"I'm in then." Cara slipped on her flip flops.

"Same." Juliet put on her sandals too.

"It's okay. You guys can finish the movie."

Juliet stood up. "Not a chance."

"I appreciate it, but I need some time alone."

"You sure?" Juliet asked.

"It's getting late. Will you get back before dark?" Cara fidgeted with her necklace. It was a 'C' with a small diamond.

"I won't be gone long. I appreciate you guys offering to come though."

They nodded. I loved that my friends were awesome enough to offer their company, but they also knew me well enough to know when I needed them to back off.

I put on my favorite black flip flops and headed downstairs. A few of the girls looked at me, and I fake smiled. "I'll be back later." I figured my roommates could fill them in on the rest.

I wasn't sure where I was going, but I needed the fresh air. My feelings about my father were already conflicted, this just made it worse. I decided to head to Waterfront Park.

I still remembered the day Dad left Gasden. He'd kissed me goodbye and promised I'd still see him all the time. Ten years later, I saw him once a year if I was lucky. He was an exec at Piedmont Capital, one of the largest banking institutions in the U.S. I was his small town daughter. I had nothing to offer him, and he made that crystal clear. My mother made the best of it when he decided he was tired of commuting back and forth. In other words, he was tired of us.

I wasn't paying attention to where I was when I heard my name.

"Mallory?"

I kept walking, ignoring him. Was my luck really that bad? Colt happened to be sitting on the Kappa porch with his pledge class?

"Mal! Wait up."

I slowed, he'd catch up anyway.

"Are you okay?" He put a gentle hand on mine. His eyes were equally gentle, and for some reason, that made me lose it.

"Hey. What's going on?" He pulled me into his arms. He just held me and let me cry. I appreciated that he didn't attempt to make me talk again.

I let him hold me for a few moments before I could regain my composure. "I'm sorry."

"Don't apologize. What's going on?" He looked at me with concern.

"My dad had a heart attack."

"What? When?"

"Tonight. My mom called a little while ago."

"Is he all right? Are you going to Charlotte?"

"I don't know."

"Let me drive you if you do. You shouldn't do it alone."

"No. I'll be fine. You've got your pledging and everything."

He laughed dryly. "Like that would stop me. I know how hard this has to be for you."

He was one of the few people who did. He was the only one at Harrison who knew the truth of how strained my relationship with my dad was.

In college, having the exec dad was helpful for once. It made it easier to shed my small town image. No one cared about what town I was from once they figured out who gave me my last name. They assumed it meant I had money, and that put me in a different category.

Colt ran a hand down my back. "Have you talked to Davie?"

I shook my head. "No. I figured he'd call if he wanted to talk."

"Yeah. He's not the biggest talker."

"You can go back to whatever it was you were doing."

"It's just a stupid pledge thing." Concern still marred his face.

"Go on. I want to be alone anyway."

"Are you positive?" He watched me warily. "I really don't care if I miss anything."

"Go. I'll talk to you later."

"Are you sure?"

"Absolutely. I'll have to loop back to the house soon anyway. My friends will freak if I'm not home before dark."

"You've got some good friends."

"Yeah, I do." I included him in that group. Maybe things with Colton could work out.

"Do me a favor. Let me know what your mom says tomorrow. I'm serious about going with you."

"I'll keep you posted." I had no intention of taking Colton up on the ride, but I'd let him know any updates.

"Okay. Take care of yourself." He squeezed my hand before jogging back to his house.

I watched his retreating figure. I remembered back on how I'd watched him at football practice during high school. I had such a crush on him, but I spent half of high school dating his brother. It would have looked awful if anyone knew the truth about how I felt. At one time, I'd convinced myself I was in love with Jack. I'd said the words, but the more time passed since the breakup, the less likely that seemed. My mom called it puppy love, and I was beginning to think she was right.

My phone rang a few minutes later. It was Tanner. I let it go to voicemail. I waited for the notification before checking for a message.

Hey, Mallory. I heard about your dad. If you want to talk or anything, let me know. Also my dad's a cardiologist at Emory. I can have him get involved if you want.

The sentiment was thoughtful, but I wasn't in the mood to talk. I made my way back to the house, glad when I realized the girls had put on a second movie. I snuggled in between Juliet and Cara on the couch. The Delta Mu house was beginning to feel more and more like home.

Chapter Twelve

My mom called first thing in the morning. I'd gone to sleep with my phone on the pillow next to me, and the blaring rendition of Taylor Swift's Red startled me.

"Mom?" I answered groggily.

"He's looking good, honey."

I woke up fully. "Oh, good."

"I didn't talk to him directly, but it sounds promising. He was moved out of the ICU overnight."

"Does he want us to come?" I propped myself up with my pillow.

She didn't say anything for a moment. "Don't take this the wrong way."

"He doesn't want to see me." I choked back the hurt. Juliet stirred. I'd forgotten the girls had insisted on sleeping in the room.

"It's not that. He just doesn't want you to see him in his condition. He wants to wait until he's better."

"But he'll see Davie." I didn't have the energy to hide the iciness in my voice even though it obviously wasn't her fault.

"Please don't get upset. You know how he is."

"Yeah, I know." I needed to calm down. Breaking down in front of my roommates wouldn't be good. "Thanks for the info."

"I love you. Please don't let this get you too upset."

"I won't," I said just to placate her. "Love you too."

I hung up, set aside my phone, and leaned back against the pillow. Half of me wanted to go back to sleep, but the other half wanted to run until I was so exhausted nothing else mattered.

"What's the word?" Juliet asked sleepily.

"He's fine."

"Great. Are you going to see him?"

"No. He's too busy with work and everything." The excuse was sloppy, but I hoped she hadn't heard everything in my conversation.

"Oh. Well, it's good he's okay."

"Definitely." I glanced at the clock. It was seven. I crawled out of bed and got ready for the gym. I figured I'd save my run for later. I was positive I'd need it.

"Going to work out?" Juliet asked. Cara still hadn't woken. She was such a deep sleeper.

"Yeah. I need to get out this nervous energy, you know?"

"You're crazy, but that's why I love you."

I laughed as naturally as I could muster. "Same goes for you."

I finished getting dressed and found my headphones. "Try to go back to sleep." I headed down the stairs and over to the gym.

I jumped on the treadmill and turned up my music. Thirty minutes later, I headed into the weight room. There were a surprising number of people there for so early in the morning. I was doing some chest presses when I noticed Colt. I watched him lift, my eyes glued to his biceps.

I finished and moved on to the free weights. "Hey." I paused my music and picked up some light weights.

"Mallory, hey." He put down the free weight. "Any news? Is he okay?"

"Yeah. And before you ask, I'm not heading up. I'll see him soon."

"You sure?" He furrowed his brows.

"Absolutely." I carefully hid every ounce of emotion from my face. I didn't need him worrying about me.

"Glad to hear he's okay. What are you going to do today?"

"I'm not sure. Are you still interested in working on our project?"

He shifted his weight from foot to foot. "We don't have to do that."

"I want to. I need to get my mind back on school, you know?"

He nodded. "Okay. Where and when?"

"Let's do the Starbucks on King Street at nine."

"Could we do nine thirty?" He glanced over his shoulder at the clock on the wall. "I'm going to be here a while."

"Sure. Nine thirty works." My eyes zeroed in on his arms again. "I don't remember you being this into working out."

He shrugged. "I wasn't."

Was this all because of Kappa? Admittedly, those guys did spend an inordinate amount of time at the gym. I couldn't deny that Colt looked good, but then again he'd always looked good.

"I'll let you enjoy more of your Backstreet Boys." Colt grinned.

"I'm not listening to the Backstreet Boys." I put a hand on my hip.

He took one of my earbuds and pressed play on my iPod. "Who is this? One Direction?"

"Is listening to boy bands a crime?"

"No, but it's definitely worthy of making fun of you for."

I stuck out my tongue at him. So what if my guilty pleasure was listening to boy bands when I worked out. Some people listened to heavy metal to get them moving. This was just my version of it.

"Quit teasing me with your tongue. If you want to kiss me, just do it already."

I pushed his arm before getting back to my weights.

I worked on my arms a while longer before heading home for a shower. I needed to get my thoughts in order. I wasn't going to let my dad get to me. He was the one missing out. He'd regret writing me off eventually, and I'd make him proud one day. I'd make sure of it.

***

"I think we should focus on the downfall of the Mayans." Colt had his tablet all set up. I hadn't bothered with a computer, and I sat with a notebook and pen.

"That's fine with me. I'm really open to anything."

"Maybe you could do the history and I'll discuss how it relates to other civilizations, and we'll do the analysis section together?" He sipped his coffee.

"That sounds great. Thanks for being so organized."

"Not a problem. I can be a good partner." The way he said partner let me know he didn't just mean for school assignments.

"Thanks for being there for me last night. You know it's not like me to melt down like that."

"Of course. I like being here for you." He moved his chair an inch closer to mine. "You have to know how much I care about you."

"Thanks. I'm fine now though."

"I know. You're strong."

"I try to be." I straightened my shoulders.

"By the way, you're not mad I told Tanner, are you?"

Tanner. Damn, I'd never called back. "Oh. That's how he found out. I haven't talked to him yet."

"Really?" Colton didn't hide his surprise or a certain amount of happiness about my admittance.

I quickly made an excuse. "I wasn't really up for talking last night, and it's still pretty early."

"Gotcha. You still going out with him tonight?"

"I hadn't thought about it. I guess so." Dad didn't want me visiting him, so there was no reason to stop living my life, right?

"Great."

"What are you doing?" I asked mostly out of politeness, but I couldn't deny a certain amount of curiosity.

"I'm not sure. Maybe checking out a party with some of my friends."

"Cool. Well, I guess we're done here. I'll see you on Monday?"

"Sure, but give me a call if you need anything."

"I won't need anything, but thanks."

He shook his head. "Accepting the help of a friend isn't a bad thing. It doesn't make you weak."

"I know. But I don't need it."

"Okay." He packed up his stuff. "Hey, Mallory?"

"Yeah?" I put the strap of my bag over my shoulder.

"Take care of yourself."

"I will." I walked back outside into the sunshine.

Chapter Thirteen

Tanner showed up ten minutes early for our date. I'd finally called him back after leaving Starbucks. He sounded relieved I wasn't cancelling on him.

He was pacing the porch by the time I walked outside. "Hey."

"Hey. Sorry. I kind of scheduled my prep time down to the minute." I never liked to seem overly anxious for a guy. Making them wait just made your entrance that much better. Even if I wasn't trying to impress him, some habits are hard to break.

"That's fine." He let his eyes travel the length of me. "You look great."

"Thanks." I guess he liked the casual jean skirt look on me.

"Just so you know, we don't have to go to this party."

"What do you mean? Aren't we going out?"

"Yeah, but we can do something else. Considering everything with your dad, I understand if you want to do something more low key."

"The party sounds fun." I forced an upbeat smile. Dad was okay, and sitting around thinking about how little he wanted to see me didn't sound like a great idea.

"Okay, cool."

He took my hand firmly in his own, and we walked down the steps. "Are you okay walking? It's a few blocks."

"Yeah, that's fine. I wore the right shoes." I gestured to my strappy flats.

"I see. Hopefully you don't think I'm always going to make you walk places."

"Drinking and driving isn't my idea of cool. I appreciate you thinking ahead."

"I don't always have to drink, but I usually do." He smiled sheepishly.

"Not a problem. I usually drink too." My guess is most of the student body would have said the same thing. It's not that alcohol was the only way to have fun, but it definitely helped.

He took my hand as we headed toward Wentworth Street. "The guys hosting are pretty cool. I'm not sure how big this party is going to be."

"Are they Greek?" If they weren't in a frat, chances were I didn't know them. Without meaning to, I'd sequestered myself into the Greek scene.

"No, they didn't join a house. Most of my floor mates didn't."

"Really? What dorm were you in?"

"Don't laugh." He looked away from me.

"Wait, were you in Teller?"

He nodded. "Yup, I'm an honors kid."

"That's cool. I'm in the program, but I opted for a regular freshman dorm."

"That was smart. I probably should have. I think I was persuaded by the nicer rooms and stuff."

I laughed. "I was at first, but I didn't want to pigeon hole myself."

"Yeah. I rushed so it wasn't an issue, but it would have been different otherwise."

"So is this background info a warning that this is going to be a nerd party?"

Tanner laughed. "Not at all. I'm just admitting it before all the reminiscing starts."

"I'll try to remember that."

"I didn't know you were in the honors program though." He looked over at me.

"Yup. I'm not a complete ditz."

He laughed again. "Because that's exactly what I thought you were."

He turned down a walkway and up a front porch. I felt a little bit of anxiety walking into a party of people I didn't know, but I wasn't about to show it. I held my head up and strode in.

"T man, what's up!" A guy wearing a bright green polo strode right over to us.

"Hey, man. How's it going?"

"Good. Good. I'm glad you could make it." Then he seemed to suddenly notice me. "And who's this?"

"Glen, this is Mallory. Mallory, this is Glen."

"Nice to meet you." He held out a hand. "I'm not sure what you see in this loser, but it's got to be something."

I smiled. "Nice to meet you too. And the jury's still out. He's in a trial period."

"Ouch. Good luck, man."

"This is our second date in three days. I'm not too worried." Tanner put a hand on my back and led me further into the living room.

He ran into a few more friends, and I ended up standing around by myself. I decided to find something to drink. I settled for a plastic cup of beer from a keg that I found in the kitchen. It wasn't ideal, but it was something. I people watched to ward off the boredom. I shouldn't have been surprised Tanner had left my side so quickly. I had the sneaking suspicion he'd only invited me to show me off. But why? It's not like Tanner had anything to prove.

"Hey! I didn't know you were coming." Jana smiled at me from where she stood with a guy I didn't recognize.

"Hey. I didn't know you were either. I haven't seen you in a few days."

She introduced me to the guy whose name I quickly forgot. I was awful about that. He went into the kitchen to refill his cup.

"Are you here with Tanner?" She glanced around.

"Yeah. I'm not sure why though."

She smiled lightly. "Yeah, I bet. Kind of a different scene, huh?"

"I just don't know anyone. He seemed really into having me come though."

"Most guys like to show off pretty things." Jana flipped her hair off her shoulder. I'd never heard her talk about anyone that way. I was really getting tired of her whole mysterious vibe about anything involving Tanner.

"You never told me why you thought Tanner and I would be a better match."

She put a hand on her hip. "You never told me your secret either."

"Mine doesn't involve you. Yours involves me."

"It's not a big deal. It's just that you guys come from more similar backgrounds."

"What do you mean?"

"Please. I know you're smart," Jana snapped again. She had to be drunk. She never talked to me that way.

"Pretend I'm dumb."

"You both come from money. I don't."

I swallowed hard. Of course, that's what she meant. The only problem with letting everyone know your dad is a major bank exec is that you're also making them think you're loaded. Not the case with me. Dad sent the occasional check (i.e. the six month late birthday card), or some flashy jewelry for a special occasion, but he hadn't even offered to help pay my tuition. I would have thought my ancient truck would have already dispelled the money rumor. I guess they bought that I had a unique retro style.

"You think you guys didn't work out because you come from different backgrounds?"

"You don't have to be so PC." She swayed. "I'm poor compared to him."

"If he's that shallow, it's not going to work for us either." I was already realizing how incompatible we were anyway. Besides, if he only wanted to date girls with money, he'd lose interest when he saw my modest house in the boonies.

"Yeah, I bet. You were born with a silver spoon in your mouth. You're just like him."

I tried to ignore the pang her words caused. Isn't that exactly what I wanted everyone to think? I gave myself a second to calm down before replying. "Are you okay?"

"I'm sorry." Her face softened. "I shouldn't be lashing out at you."

"It's okay."

"There you are." Tanner put an arm around my waist. "I haven't seen you in ages."

"I think I'm going to head out with Jana." I shot her a look. I didn't want to spill about the fact that she was drunk. I hoped she played along. I figured she didn't want everyone at the party thinking she was too plastered to get home herself.

"I brought you here, I'm bringing you home." He tightened his arm around my waist.

"It's not a long walk."

"I'll walk both of you."

"Are you sure?" Jana asked sweetly. She was being much nicer to him than she was to me.

"Definitely." He gave her half a smile before leading me toward the door.

None of us said much of anything on the way back to the house.

"Thanks for walking me back." Jana quickly hurried inside when we reached the porch. I'd give her time to sober up and then try to catch up with her. Was she upset with me for dating him? Or was it more she was still mad at him for ending things with her? I'd have to find out later.

"I had a great time tonight." His breath was warm on my face.

"I had fun. Thanks for inviting me." I pushed away thoughts of Jana for the moment. I needed to end the evening even if it wasn't quite ten o'clock.

"Thanks for coming."

I smiled, ready to end the circular conversation.

He gave no warning before his lips met mine. They moved quickly, and he didn't wait long before pushing for access to my mouth. I gave it, more out of surprise and curiosity than actual desire. I felt nothing. He groaned, and I knew I needed to break the kiss. We were on different wave lengths. When I pulled back, he had a grin on his face.

"I better go." I moved toward the door.

"In a hurry?"

"Just tired."

"I'm sure it's been a hard few days for you." His words were kind, which made the fact that all I wanted to do was get to my room even worse.

"It has."

"I'll call you." He leaned over to kiss me again, but I moved.

"No good night kiss?" He looked disappointed.

"You just got your good night kiss." I punched in the code. "Good night."

"Sweet dreams, Mallory." He watched me intently, and I knew he was hoping I'd change my mind and kiss him again.

"You too." But not too sweet, I thought to myself.

My room was empty when I got upstairs. Juliet and Cara were probably at the Kappa house. I imagined Tanner going home and gushing over how great the night went. What was I going to do now? First, I get outed for hooking up with a pledge, on a farm no less, and now I was going to have to break things off with a senior. Maybe I'd have to find a new frat to hang out with. Like that was an option. Delta Mu did everything with Kappa.

***

You up? Colt's short text message brought me out of my thoughts. I'd had good intentions of getting up and hanging out with some of my sisters downstairs, but I hadn't moved at all since changing into comfortable clothes and lying down on my bed.

Yeah. It's only eleven.

Want to hang out?

Tonight?

Yeah.

I just got home from a date.

You went home. That's the important part.

Very funny. I'll see you in class on Monday.

I've got a pint of Miss Lawson's Pralines and Cream.

How? My stomach growled just thinking about my favorite ice cream from home. It was homemade and you couldn't buy it anywhere else.

I'm hooked up. Come on down?

I walked over to the window. Colton was standing on the sidewalk holding up the ice cream.

You look like a weirdo.

I'm a weirdo with good ice cream. Come on.

All right. Friends ate ice cream together, didn't they?

I zipped up a hoodie over my tank, not for warmth but because I was too lazy to put on a bra. I figured the ice cream was cold and would keep me from overheating. Charleston in August is hot. Some people call it oppressive, I call it wonderful. I love the heat.

Colton grinned when he saw me. I couldn't contain a smile of my own when I saw him standing there in his worn out Gasden Gladiators t-shirt and cargo style shorts.

"Is there a reason for this visit?"

"Do I have to have a reason if I come bearing this?" He held up the paper bag with the ice cream.

"I suppose not." I reached for the bag.

He held it away. "Let's go somewhere else. Your porch gets too much traffic."

"We don't need privacy."

"Do you really want to be seen stuffing your face with ice cream?"

"I won't be stuffing my face."

"It's Miss Lawson's Pralines and Cream." He tapped the bag. "You'll be stuffing your face."

He was probably right. Miss Lawson's ice cream was dangerously addictive. "Where do you suggest we go?"

He got that twinkle in his eye, and I knew I was in trouble.

"Oh no. What are you thinking?"

"Just come with me." He took my hand, and despite my better judgment, I let him pull me along. After everything with my dad, and worrying about letting Tanner down easy, I was ready for a distraction.

I pulled my hand from his as we crossed over to campus. He gave me an annoyed look but didn't say anything about it. The night was warm, and the sky was clear. I couldn't have asked for better weather.

"Here we are." He stopped in the middle of the practice field.

"Are you serious?"

"Of course." He sat down, opening the bag and pulling out the ice cream and two spoons.

I sat down next to him, tugging down my shorts a bit so they covered more of my legs before settling on the grass.

"This is your idea of a good spot?"

"It's quiet. What more could you want?" He handed me a spoon and opened the lid.

I dug in, taking a big bite. "Mm. No one makes ice cream like this."

"I know." He finished a bite.

"Did you bring up a chest of it or something?"

"A chest? Already planning on dipping into my supply, are you?"

"You admit there's a supply?"

"I didn't drag a freezer into my dorm for no reason."

"Thanks. I needed this."

"No problem." He held the container so I could get a good spoonful. "Your brother says hi, by the way."

"You talked to Davie?"

"Yeah. He asked me to check on you."

"So that's what this is?" A wave of disappointment hit me. Was he hanging out with me because Davie told him to?

He set down the ice cream and leaned back on his elbows. "You think I needed an excuse to want to see you?" The glow from a streetlight lit up his face, giving him an almost surreal look.

"I guess not. How is he?"

"He's all right."

"He saw Dad?"

"No."

"Really?"

"He refused to go if you didn't."

I let out a relieved breath. "I knew my brother was cool."

Colt laughed. "Am I allowed to tell him you said that?"

"No. Absolutely not." As selfish as it might seem, hearing my brother hadn't gone made me feel better. Somehow, I felt less left out. Of course, it had been Davie's choice to avoid seeing Dad. A choice I didn't get to make for myself.

I leaned back next to Colt. The city sky wasn't filled with stars the way it was back home, but it was still beautiful. Colt reached over and took my hand. I didn't stop him. Being so close to Colt reminded me of why I liked him so much in the first place. He put me at ease while also exciting me. No one else ever made me feel such different sensations at once.

"I heard you had a great date tonight." He looked over as he spoke, but I avoided his eyes.

"Did Tanner tell you that?"

"Yeah. He got home right before we were excused for the night."

"And he said he had a great time?" I finally gave in and looked at Colt.

He smiled. "You didn't have such a great time, huh?"

I sighed. "No. It was all his friends. The only one I knew there was Jana who was angry drunk. Then he kissed me when we got back and... never mind."

"Oh no. No neverminding me."

"You don't want to hear it."

He rolled over on his side. "Oh, I want to hear."

"Promise not to make a big deal out of it or tell anyone?" There was something so comforting about lying there with Colton. With everything else going on, it was nice to spend time with someone who really knew me before college and didn't require explanations about my past.

"I promise not to tell anyone. I'm not sure about the first part."

"Colton!"

"Fine. I'll be good."

"It stunk. Both times he kissed me, I felt nothing. No sparks, nothing. It was awkward and kinda boring."

He laughed. "And what's it like kissing me?"

"I don't remember. It only happened once," I teased. My body heated remembering the taste of his lips-and mouth.

"Then I'll make you remember."

I should have stopped him, but I didn't. Before I knew it, his lips were on mine, moving against them perfectly, just like they had the night in the hayloft. I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him closer. He tasted like pralines and sweet ice cream, and it was so much better than even the real treat.

He moved on top of me, deepening the kiss as one hand settled on my breast. I moaned, reveling in the comfort of his lips and the weight of his body on mine. I slipped my hand under his t-shirt, brushing my fingers across his warm skin. He groaned, and I liked it. I liked causing that response, and I moved my hand up higher, exploring every inch of his muscular planes.

He broke the kiss, and I relaxed back against the grass.

"Are you going to remember the way I kiss this time?" He moved off me, and I felt him settle down at my side.

"Maybe." I opened my eyes. His face was inches from mine.

He smiled. "That's a yes."

"Don't look so proud of yourself."

"Why not?"

"Because."

"Oh no. Are you going to say this was only a two-time thing? Because if so, I might as well get more than making out with you out of the deal."

I punched him playfully. "You are not getting anything else tonight."

"That's all right. At least I know you like kissing me. That's better than some other people get."

"Don't start, and you promised not to say anything."

"When are you going to tell him?"

"I don't know." I was so not ready to deal with the fall out of ending things.

"You have to tell him. You can't just let him find out about us." Colt ran a hand over my arm. It sent a shiver through me. "If you want, I can tell him."

"There's no 'us' to tell him about."

He exhaled sharply. "Yes, there is. I was part of that kiss. There is definitely an us."

"We can't do this, Colton." I shifted away.

He followed. "Why not?"

"First off, I can't break it off with an active and then date a pledge. They'd make your life horrible."

"So?"

"So? Do you want more hazing?"

"I don't care. He'll get over it."

"Second, it would be terrible for me." I sat up.

"Oh, now the truth comes out."

"What do you expect? My best friends are dating seniors in your house. I can't just jump from Tanner to you."

"You've got it all wrong." He sat up next to me. "You jumped from me to Tanner. Now you're just coming back where you belong." He left three small kisses along my jaw that sent shivers throughout my body.

"We can't."

"Yes, we can. What's the alternative? Ignore the feelings we have for each other? You keep dating a guy you don't even like?"

"I don't have to have a guy. I can just end things with Tanner."

"Is it the timing? Do you just want to space things out?" He stretched out his legs in front of him.

"Yeah. I need time." That wasn't the whole truth. I wasn't sure if it would ever be okay. He was Jack's brother after all.

"Are you really going to be able to wait long?" He raised an eyebrow.

"Absolutely."

His lips moved to my neck, and I leaned my head back to give him better access. "Are you sure?"

"Positive." My confidence waned with each successive kiss.

"Yeah." His lips moved lower as he unzipped my sweatshirt. His hand slid underneath my tank top.

I moaned. Between his lips on my neck and his hand fondling my breast, I wasn't sure how much I could take. "You're mean."

"Mean? You call this mean?" His voice was throaty. He was enjoying himself just as much.

"Maybe we can just see each other without anyone knowing?"

"You want to sneak around?" He pulled back his lips and his hand.

I missed them instantly. "Just until I figure things out." I noticed his face fall a little. "We don't have to. You could find someone else." The picture my words elicited wasn't one I liked.

"Come on, Mallory. You know I don't want to find someone else."

"Well, those are your options." I stood up and dusted some grass off my shorts.

"I'll take it." He stood next to me and slowly re-zipped my sweatshirt. "But you still have to end things with Tanner. Being quiet about us is one thing, you're right it will make my life easier as a pledge, but I'm not going to feel like I'm doing something wrong. You're either with me or you're not."

I thought for a moment. My next words could have some serious consequences.

His hand settled on my hip. "What do you say, pumpkin?" He leaned in, gently brushing his lips against mine.

"No fair."

He laughed. "The fact that you find that persuasive should make the decision easier. You want to be with me."

"We can try."

"Try? I think we've already tried. We work well together."

I swallowed hard. "I can't believe I'm agreeing to this."

"Why? It's a relationship, not something bad."

"Relationship? I thought it was more like exclusive friends with benefits."

"Exclusive friends with benefits? Where do you come up with this stuff?" He put a hand on either of my arms. "No. It's a relationship that we aren't going to be broadcasting right away."

"No. I like my description better."

He groaned. "No. That's ridiculous. That implies we're friends who like to hook up. My feelings for you are not friendly, Mal. They're not. And it's not just about sex either. I care about you."

"I care about you, but-"

"No buts. You decide if your feelings for me go beyond friends and sexual attraction. If they do, I'm here."

"And if they don't?"

"They do. They always have." He didn't show a hint of doubt.

"I need to think about it. I have to talk to Tanner anyway."

"Think about it all you want." His lips were on mine again. I forced my hands to stay at my sides, but I couldn't convince my tongue to behave.

Before I knew it, I was back down on the grass with Colton on top of me again.

I pushed against his chest. "I thought I was supposed to be thinking about it."

"You are. I was just giving you one last reminder of what a relationship with me offers."

"Walk me home, Colt." I sat up.

He took my hand and helped me to standing. "Are you sure it's your house you want to go to?"

"You think I'm going to go back to your freshman dorm?"

"No. That's not on the table until you give me an answer."

"You had random sex with me once, don't act like a saint."

"That wasn't random sex." He lightly touched my ass. I was about to scold him when I realized he was dusting off some grass.

"It wasn't?"

"Nope. I knew we'd end up together." He took my hand. "Do you think you'll make up your mind by tomorrow? I need to plan out my week."

"Plan out your week? I'm sorry if I might interfere with your social calendar." We turned back toward the houses.

"I'm not worried about my other plans, babe. I'm worried about making sure I leave plenty of time to spend with you."

"That's kinda sweet." I stopped at the foot of the steps of my house.

"Only kinda?"

"Very."

"Have a good night."

"You too." I started up the steps.

"Mal," he called.

"Yeah?"

"Sweet dreams. And I don't think it's a coincidence that you never wear bras around me."

"I didn't expect to see you at that field party."

"But you knew you'd be seeing me when you came out tonight." He grinned. "Good night."

Chapter Fourteen

My phone rang before I even made it back up to my room. I expected it to be a silly "I miss you already" call from Colton, but it was Davie. Davie never called me, so I picked up right away.

"Davie?" I pushed open the door to my empty room.

"Hey, Mallory. I'm glad you're still up."

"Is everyone okay? Did you hear more about Dad?" I steadied myself on my desk. I had no idea what was coming.

"I'm on my way up to Harrison."

"What? Now?" I glanced at my watch. It was close to midnight.

"I can't miss practice Monday so I have to get back tomorrow night, but we're going to see Dad."

"He doesn't want to see me."

Davie sighed. "So? It's just Dad being weird. He's our father and he had a heart attack. We need to see him."

"Mom's okay with this?"

"She wasn't thrilled, but she's fine with it as long as we go together."

"How close are you?"

"I just got into Charleston."

"What? That close. I have to get ready. Should I pack? Where are we spending the night?"

"Just throw some clothes in a bag. Mom booked us a hotel near the hospital. I'll be outside, that is unless you want to introduce me to your sisters."

"Yeah, I'll be outside when you get here." I quickly changed into jeans and a t-shirt, tossing two outfit options, PJs, and my toiletries into a small duffel before heading out.

I texted Juliet and Cara. Going to Charlotte with my brother.

They wrote back with some good lucks.

I called Colt instead of texting.

He picked up on the first ring. "Did you guys leave yet?"

"Wait. Did you know Davie was coming?"

"He mentioned it when we talked, but I didn't know for sure."

"And you didn't tell me..."

"It wasn't set in stone. Besides, I had other things to discuss with you." His voice was playful, but I knew he cared. "If you need to talk, just call."

"Thanks. I'll be back tomorrow night."

"Sounds good. Have a safe trip. Oh, and I can't wait to hear your answer."

"Did you have to add that?" I walked outside just as I saw Davie's Ford Explorer pull up.

"Yes. Be safe, pumpkin."

"Thanks." I hung up.

Davie got out and pulled me into a hug like he hadn't just seen me a few weeks before. I guess emotional experiences can make a separation seem longer. We hugged before a honking horn made us both jump. "Ready to go?"

"Yup." I tossed my bag in the backseat and walked around to the passenger side.

Davie checked his mirrors twice before pulling out onto the road. He'd been in a small wreck the previous spring, and it seemed to have made him more cautious, particularly in a city that had a lot more traffic than he was used to.

He pressed play on his phone, and we were inundated by blaring rock music. Careful or not, he was still Davie.

I turned down the volume without asking. Getting a headache wouldn't be a great way to start the trip. "I can't believe we're doing this."

"He doesn't deserve it, but I figure he fathered us, the least we can do is see the guy." Davie sounded uncharacteristically bitter. He was usually able to brush off anything Dad did or, more often, didn't do.

"What if he refuses to see me?" I voiced my fear. It was one thing to be told no over the phone, it was going to be harder in person.

"Then he doesn't see me either. Besides, do you really think he's going to turn you away?"

"Maybe." I leaned back against the seat.

"Well, either way, this is good bonding time for us, right?"

I glanced over. He had a completely straight face. "Bonding?"

"Yeah. Isn't that what siblings are supposed to do?"

"In theory, but I could think of better ways to bond."

"Oh yeah? Like maybe telling me what's going on with you and Colt."

I groaned. "What makes you think anything is going on?"

"Oh, please. Spare me the run around. I already know you two hooked up the last night you were home. Don't bother denying it."

"Okay. Assuming that's true, why would that mean there's anything going on now?" I was digging. Had Colton told him anything?

"He's crazy about you, Mallory. He even checked with me to make sure I was cool with you guys getting together."

"And are you?" I asked softly, not sure what to think or say at the moment.

"He's a good guy." Davie took his eyes off the road to look at me. "He's not Jack."

"Obviously, he's not."

"Is it really that obvious to you? I get the feeling you don't really believe that."

"And you're getting all of that from ten minutes of conversation?" Davie wasn't far off. I knew he wasn't Jack, but they were brothers.

"You've had a thing for Colton for years. I still don't get why you didn't date him instead. But what do I know? I'm just your brother."

"Like you're the expert on dating?" My brother went through girlfriends frequently. I guess some might have called him a player, but I couldn't look at my little brother that way. "Are you still with that Lindsey girl?"

He shook his head. "We broke up last week."

"Oh. Sorry to hear that."

He chuckled. "Don't be. She wasn't the one."

"The one? You're worried about finding the one at seventeen?"

He shrugged. "Weren't you?"

"No. I'm still not ready to find him, and I'm nineteen."

"So Colton isn't the one then?" He turned down the music more.

"Is Colton putting you up to this?"

"What?" He put a hand against his chest like I'd just insulted him. "No. I'm just worried about you."

"Worried?"

"Yeah. You seemed really upset when you left, and you're not even posting pictures of your friends on Facebook anymore." He grinned.

"How are you surviving without the eye candy?"

"It's fine. I liked the Delta Mu page."

I swatted at him. "You are such a perv."

"How does enjoying photos of sorority girls in sexy clothes make me a perv?"

"Because they're my friends."

"So what you're saying is I should like other sorority pages instead?"

"Shut up."

"Why don't you just sleep? You look exhausted."

"Are you sure? Do you need my company to keep you awake?"

"Nope. I think this is all the sibling bonding I can handle."

I laughed. "Wake me up when we get to the hotel."

***

We had to jump through twenty hoops to get in to see Dad. I guess the problem with visiting someone in the hospital who doesn't want to see you is they don't put you on any visitor lists. Thankfully, Dad's assistant thought that some quality time with his children was exactly what my father needed.

Davie knocked on the door frame, but he didn't bother waiting before entering the room.

"Davie?" Dad asked in a quiet voice.

I walked in and stood just behind my brother. I really hoped Dad didn't freak out when he saw me.

"Mallory?" Dad's voice said it all.

I stepped around Davie. "Hi, Dad."

"Hi." Dad smiled lightly.

I walked over to the bed and leaned down to hug him. He hugged me back for a moment before I stepped back so Davie could take his turn.

"I didn't expect to see you two."

"I'm sure you didn't." Davie crossed his arms.

Dad turned to me. "Didn't your mother tell you I preferred that you waited to visit?"

I felt the stinging of tears, and dug my nails into my palms to stop myself from crying. I couldn't cry in front of him. I refused to let him know how much his lack of interest in me hurt.

I rallied all the strength I had. "I wanted to see you." The strength I used to speak made me lose my composure. I lost it. I mean all out tears.

Dad sighed. "Davie, could you give us a minute?"

"I can't leave Mallory."

"What? You don't want to leave your sister alone with her father?"

Davie shifted nervously. "No."

"As much as I appreciate your protectiveness, I assure you she'll be fine."

"It's okay. I'm all right." I calmed myself down. Davie wouldn't leave with me crying like that.

"I won't be far." He gave me a long look before walking out of the room.

"Pull that chair over here." Even two days after a heart attack, Dad was ordering me around.

There was no reason to be difficult. I'd wanted to see him. "Okay." I pulled the chair over near his bed.

"You don't actually believe I didn't want to see you, do you?"

"Of course, I do. You made your wishes clear."

"Yet you chose to come anyway." He studied me in the way you study a puzzle, as though he was trying to figure me out.

"Yes. I wanted to see you."

"I wanted to see you too. Not like this though. A daughter shouldn't see her father looking this way." He gestured to his place in the bed and the multiple IV lines streaming from his arm.

"But Davie could? Why is it different?"

"Because it is." He folded his hands in front of him.

"Great." I tapped my toes on the linoleum floor. At least I'd stopped crying.

"How are you?"

"Shouldn't I be asking you that question?"

He smiled. "I don't know. I think your answer would be more interesting than mine."

"I'm doing well. Fabulous, actually."

"You get that sarcasm from me. Your mother doesn't have that trait at all."

"It's a great one to have." I crossed my arms.

"Well, you got your looks from your mother. You're lucky there. And your brains."

"What do you know of my brains?"

"You're on a full ride at Harrison. That takes brains, sweetheart. And, contrary to popular belief, I did spend the first eight years of your life in the same house with you. You're smart."

"How'd you know about the scholarship?"

"I called the school to pay your tuition and-"

"What? You called Harrison?"

"Yes. Did you think I was really going to leave your schooling costs for your mother?"

"Thanks for the birthday card." I'd thanked him in a note, but it felt better to say it in person.

"Glad you got it. Hopefully, you'll put it to good use."

"I'm sure I will."

"Mallory?" he asked with the hint of a smile.

"Yes?"

"You do realize I know your birthday isn't until January, right?"

I looked at him questioningly.

"I figured you could use the spending money now. I'll send you something else on your actual birthday."

"Oh." I smiled. Maybe I didn't give Dad enough credit.

A light knock on the door had us both looking up. A young nurse hovered in the doorway. "Is there anything I can get you Mr. Clark?" She smiled at him flirtatiously. Seriously? She wasn't much older than me. Yuck.

"No, Nancy. I'm just spending some time with my daughter, but thank you."

She nodded and walked off.

"Gross. Please tell me you don't date women that young."

Dad laughed. "No. I barely have enough time for my own kids. I don't need to babysit any others. Although, that brings up another question I have for you."

"I'm not pregnant, Dad." I have no idea where the joke came from. I never joke that way.

He laughed. "I'd hope not. Although, is that a possibility? Do you have a boyfriend?"

"No. No boyfriend." Colton technically wasn't. Even if he was, I wasn't going to bring him up to Dad.

"Just make your next one better than your last."

"You only met Jack once." I didn't make a point of standing up for Jack, but when Dad criticized him, it also felt like he was criticizing me for choosing to date the wrong guy.

"And it was enough. You don't need boys like that. They'd just keep you in Gasden. I'm so glad you're in Charleston. You needed to see there's more out there."

"Jack left Gasden."

"I'm sure he'll be back one day. They all go back. You need to find someone with ambition, who won't make the same mistake I did."

"Mistake?" My chest tightened. "Was I a mistake?"

"No. Are you so self-centered you think I'd mean you?"

"Well, what other mistake would you have made?"

"Going back to that town. Your mother wanted it, but it wasn't for me. I should have realized it would stifle me and destroy our marriage."

Dad had never talked about the divorce to me. I didn't say anything, afraid I'd ruin his uncharacteristic openness. "You need to choose your partner wisely. Don't waste your time with a man who can't give you the life you want."

"You make it sound like I'm surrounded by thousands of men just dying to give me the perfect life."

"At a school like Harrison, there are bound to be a few."

"If you say so." Talking to Dad about guys was incredibly awkward.

A loud knock signaled Davie's return. "Can I come back now?"

"Yes. Good timing. I'm going to grab something to eat." I stood up. "Great talk, Dad."

He smiled. "Pick me up a coffee while you're down there."

"Are you allowed to have caffeine?"

"Wouldn't you get it for me even if I wasn't?"

I smiled. "I'm guessing I get my stubborn streak from you too."

"Correct."

I patted Davie's shoulder before heading into the hallway. Dad's words swirled around my head the rest of the day and evening while Davie drove me home. I was still thinking about it when he dropped me off. What was I going to do about Colt?

Chapter Fifteen

Avoiding one person is hard. Avoiding two is even harder. I wasn't ready to give Colt an answer, and I definitely wasn't ready to tell Tanner I didn't want to see him again. I took my time getting ready Monday morning. My goal was to make it to class right on time. The less time for conversation with Colt the better. If I was confused before seeing Dad, now I was completely baffled. I was beginning to wonder if my determination to stay away from Gasden boys was silly, but Dad was of the same belief. I refused to get pulled back into that place. Fooling around with Colt was one thing, but getting serious? That was something else altogether. Could I separate the two? And then there was Jack. Even if he was completely over me, how could I ever face his family as Colt's girlfriend?

Cara and I walked out the front door, and we'd barely made it five steps from the porch before running into Tanner.

"Tanner, hi." I choked back my surprise.

"Hey, Tanner." Cara gave me a knowing smile. It was her version of a wink. I fought back guilt. I was doing that a lot lately. I still hadn't told my friends how little I was into him. I knew how much they wanted things to work out.

He turned to me, flashing me his brightest smile. "I remembered you saying you had a nine o'clock. I figured we might as well walk together."

"Oh. Great." Fantastic. Now I had to face him and Colt in a matter of minutes? I breathed in and out. I could handle this.

"You know what, I need to run ahead. Catch you guys later." Cara smiled and ran off without giving me a chance to reply.

"We kept missing each other yesterday." Tanner walked down the steps to the sidewalk. He'd called me a handful of times, and I'd avoided the calls. I timed my one response for when I knew he had a frat meeting.

"Yeah." I followed behind.

"What's your day look like today?"

I adjusted my bag on my shoulder. "Just class."

"How many do you have?"

"Three. I have this one, econ right after with Reed, and a sociology class this afternoon."

"Great. Let's do an early lunch then. I've been craving Thai since I got back."

I gratefully used the same excuse I'd used on Colt the week before. "Sorry. I meet my friends for lunch on these days." I wasn't ready to have the talk yet. I was still planning my speech.

"Just call them. It's not like they're going to mind giving up your lunch company for one day."

He was right. They'd be thrilled Tanner and I were hanging out again. But lunch with Tanner didn't appeal to me at all. Especially since he'd probably try to kiss me or something afterward. "Maybe another time."

He looked at me funny. "Wednesday. You'll have plenty of time to tell your friends before then. That is unless you want to do dinner instead. Maybe tonight at seven?"

"Lunch on Wednesday works." I groaned internally. He'd backed me into a corner.

"Great. I look forward to it."

I was never happier to reach my anthro building. I smiled. "This is me." Colt was waiting for me outside with my coffee. He noticed my company and shook his head before Tanner noticed him.

"Hi, Colton. Waiting for someone?" Tanner put an arm around my waist, and I wanted to scream. This was bad, so bad on too many levels.

"Yes. Mallory." He held out my coffee. "Here you go, babe."

"You bought her coffee?"

"Yeah. She usually forgets to grab some before class."

Tanner turned. "We could have stopped for some on our way here. Next time just tell me you need some when we leave in the morning."

It hit me. He was trying to make it sound like I'd spent the night at his place.

"It's not a big deal." I stepped away, glad I had the class excuse to get out of the awkward situation.

"All right. Give me a call later."

I gave a noncommittal nod and headed toward the door. Colt caught up with me. "Either he takes rejection well, or you didn't tell him anything yet."

"He ambushed me when I stepped off my porch. I wasn't expecting to see him."

"Nope just me." He held open the door to the classroom.

"Yes, and I'm wearing a bra," I said quietly.

"I might have to see that for myself." He wriggled an eyebrow before pulling out both of our chairs.

"Yeah, not going to happen." What I really wanted to say was yes please. God, what was wrong with me? Maybe I just needed to get him out of my system. Sleep with him again and realize I'd totally glorified it in my head. Maybe without the alcohol it would be awful. Of course, I'd been completely sober the last time we'd made out, and it was anything but awful.

"What are you thinking about?" Colt brushed his arm against mine. He made it look like an accident, but I highly doubted it was.

"Nothing."

"Likely story."

"We're in class. Let's focus."

"I'd focus better if I knew what decision you'd come to." He scooted his chair closer to mine.

"What decision do you think I made?"

"The right one."

"If you're so confident, why are you even asking?"

He leaned over. "Because I want to hear you say it."

I groaned. "Let's just get through class."

"Fine." He leaned over to whisper in my ear. "But I know what you'll be thinking about."

I refused to look at Colton at all during class. I wasn't sure what answer I was going to give him, but I knew what I had to tell Tanner. I was out of time. I couldn't put it off much longer.

Class crawled by as Cains lectured on the significance of the Lascaux cave paintings as a reflection of life in the upper Paleolithic period. I couldn't concentrate. My thoughts kept drifting to Colt.

"Have a great day, pumpkin." He kissed my cheek before I'd even packed up my books. He wasn't even waiting for me? I refused to get annoyed. I was the one holding him at bay, right?

I got through econ and changed out my books before meeting the girls at the student center. I bought a sandwich and took a seat across from Juliet and Cara at a window table.

"Do you girls want to get away next weekend?" Juliet asked with some excitement.

I answered immediately. "Yes." I definitely wanted to get away.

"Reed and I have been talking about going out to my grandparents' beach house. Want to come with?" Juliet wasn't super wealthy or anything, but her grandparents had a place on an exclusive island about a half hour outside the city.

"Sure! I'll ask Aaron." The expression on Cara's face said it all. She was already picturing herself on the beach with her other half.

"Oh. I don't want to be the fifth wheel."

"You won't be. Tanner would come." Juliet smiled. "You don't have to share a room if you don't want. He can sleep on the couch or something."

"Oh. Tanner?"

"Bingo!" Juliet yelled out.

"What?"

"I caught you."

"Caught me?"

"If you were into Tanner, you'd be excited. And it's not about sex, because I gave you an out there. You don't want Tanner, you want someone else."

I shook my head. "No. I just don't want to spend a weekend with any guy, okay?"

"Just answer the question. Are you into Tanner or Colt?"

"Neither." I was tired of lying to them, but I wasn't ready to admit what had happened at the practice field.

"Okay, then let's take care of part of this. Tell Tanner that."

"I will."

"Do it now."

"No. We're having lunch."

"And he's walking this way right now." Juliet nodded toward the door behind me.

I groaned. "No way."

"Hey, ladies." Tanner slipped into the empty seat next to me. Mental note. Always sit next to someone.

"Hey, Tanner," Cara said. I said nothing.

"Don't I get a hello?" He turned his attention to me. "I didn't know you girls ate lunch here."

"Where did you think we ate?" I couldn't keep the bitterness out of my voice. This meeting was as far from random as Gasden was from being a major bustling metropolis.

"I don't know. There are plenty of eating establishments in the area." He grinned.

"Well, aren't you going to get food?"

"Maybe later." He put an arm behind my chair.

Juliet gave me a look. She was challenging me and trying to get me to do the right thing. The problem is, I didn't know what that was. Breaking up with Tanner was necessary, but how I did it was important too.

"Mallory?" Tanner said my name and I realized I'd just missed what he'd been saying.

"Sorry, what was that?"

Cara and Juliet laughed in a forced 'this is awkward' sort of way.

"I was asking what you were up to this weekend."

"I'm not sure."

"So you're not going out to the beach?" He looked at Juliet. "Reed mentioned you were inviting your roommates too."

Damn Reed.

"Cara's probably in. Mallory doesn't know yet." Juliet shot me a well-meaning look. She was trying to help.

I turned to him. "We need to talk."

"Here?"

"Let's go for a walk." I wrapped up my mostly uneaten sandwich and slipped it into my bag. Only eating part of my lunch was becoming a bad habit. Hopefully, I'd have the appetite to finish it later.

"Sounds good." He stood up. "See you around, girls."

"Bye." Both Juliet and Cara gave me their best game faces. I hoped he didn't notice. I didn't want him to think we'd been plotting this the whole time. I guess it didn't matter anyway.

"I wanted to talk to you too." He held open the door, and I walked out.

"What did you want to talk about?" Maybe he sensed the same thing I did. That things weren't working.

"Jana."

"What about her?" Was he going to admit he still had feelings for her?

"I don't want you to let her ruin what we have going here."

"Excuse me?"

"I didn't want to say anything about it the other night, but this morning I could tell something's different. You've already assured me you're not into Colt, so it's got to be Jana."

"I don't want to hurt my sister." That much was true. She was really sweet and aside from her drunken bitterness had always been nice to me. Using Jana as an excuse could be an easy way out without having to confess about Colt.

Tanner stopped at a bench and gestured for me to sit down. "You don't have to hurt her. We broke up ages ago."

I sat, placing my bag next to me on the bench. "Still, I can't do that to her."

"So that's it? You want to break things off because I dated one of your sorority sisters before you even met me?" Instead of sitting on the other side of my bag like I expected, he moved it, and sat down beside me.

"I haven't even talked to Jana about it."

"Then talk to her and get back to me. This is pointless."

"Okay. Fine." I needed to stop playing games. It would only lead to someone getting hurt. "I don't think it's going to work with us."

"Don't go into acting, hon. You suck at it."

"I'm not acting."

"You're worried about Jana. I get that."

"It's more than that. I don't want to keep seeing you."

He smiled. Was he crazy? "Dinner next weekend? Or better yet, let's spend next weekend at the beach together."

"What part of 'I don't think it's going to work' don't you get? I don't want to go out with you anymore."

"You are not breaking up with me." His voice rose and his eyes widened.

"We were never in a relationship so technically this isn't a break up. It's more of a 'thanks, but no thanks.'"

He laughed. "All right. Let's take a break. Talk to Jana, clear your conscious. I'll call you in a few weeks." Without another word, he stood up and walked away.

Had that just happened?

Chapter Sixteen

"Why aren't you ready to go?" Cara walked back from the bathroom wrapped in a plush purple towel.

I set aside the sociology text I was skimming through. "To the Kappa party? I'm not going."

"Why not?" She slipped into the pink dress she had lying out on the bed.

"Because I already have plans." I didn't have plans, but there was no way I was going to the Kappa house that night. Seeing Colt and Tanner outside the house was bad enough, seeing them on their turf, so to speak, sounded even less appealing. The passing days did little to make me more comfortable with the situation.

"Plans? The only other party I've heard about is at the Iota house. Don't even pretend you're going there."

"Why wouldn't I be?" Cara had just given me the perfect excuse. No one I knew would be at that party, but at least there wouldn't be any Kappas. "Those guys are nice."

Cara looked at me like I had two heads. "Yeah, they're nice guys, but there's no way you'd get caught dead at their house." Her face scrunched up.

"Says who?" Admittedly, I didn't usually hang out with those guys, but maybe I should change that. They weren't complete geeks or anything. Just not our usual crowd.

"Says you."

"I've expressed my distaste for the Iota's verbally?" I bit back a smile.

"Maybe not in so many words, but there isn't a chance you are showing up there."

"You want to bet?"

"Yes. I do want to bet." Cara grinned. "There's no way."

"Isn't this their angels and devils party?" I vaguely remembered seeing the signs posted around.

"Yes." Cara smiled. "What? Are you going to wear your devil costume from last Halloween?"

"I was actually hoping to borrow your angel one. Do you still have it?"

"Yes, and you can definitely borrow it." She dug the costume out from the back of her closet.

I held up the pile of white. As Cara mentioned, I already had a devil costume, but I was feeling angelic that night. "Thanks."

"No problem, but now you're making me want to go."

"Then come."

"Yeah, because Aaron would just love that."

"He's your boyfriend, not your dad. He can't tell you what to do."

"But if the shoe was on the other foot, I'd kill him for going to another sorority's party."

I nodded. "All right, fair enough."

"So you're really going to do this?" She looked at me skeptically.

"Yes." I didn't want to, but once I committed myself to it, there was no way I was backing down. I couldn't just sit home. Kappa wasn't the only frat, and it wasn't the only social option I had.

I decided not to go with the whole angel costume. I wore the white mini dress, and stuffed the halo in my bag. I didn't bother with the feather accessories. Those were way too much unless it was Halloween. I wasn't sure how seriously people would take the party theme. This way I could play it off as a hot dress if no one else dressed up.

After saying goodbye to Cara and dodging some questions from a few girls at the house, I headed over to the Iota party. I'd only been in the house once, freshman year, so I had no real idea of what to expect.

The front door was pulled open, and I walked in with a few other girls. "Welcome to the Iota house."

"Hi." I smiled at the greeter. I was supposed to want to be at this party, I might as well act it.

"An angel. We haven't seen too many of those tonight." He ignored the other girls, all dressed as devils, who slipped past me into the room.

The guy had longish black hair and looked vaguely familiar. Maybe I knew him from class or something.

"Yeah. I have my halo packed." I tapped my bag.

"Nice. Glad to see you at the Iota house, Mallory."

So he did know me. "Thanks."

"You don't remember my name, do you?" His brown eyes stared into mine.

Pretending wouldn't help. I smiled. "I'm sorry. I'm really bad with names."

He laughed. "By the way you're looking at me, you're really bad with faces too."

"Oh." Could the awkwardness get any worse? I had no clue who the guy was. I was close to turning around and jetting out the door when I spotted a beacon of hope across the room. Jade, who was still my favorite pledge, was standing with a girl I didn't recognize.

"Could you excuse me?" I said as politely as possible.

"Wait I-"

I didn't give him a chance to finish. I walked right over to Jade. "Hey."

"Hey, Mallory!" Jade sounded excited yet surprised. I couldn't really blame her. This wasn't the usual scene for girls in our house. "Diane, this is Mallory. She's a sophomore in my sorority."

"Hey, Diane. Nice to meet you." I held out my hand.

She smiled shyly and accepted the handshake. "Nice to meet you too."

"So, uh, what brings you to the Iota house?" Jade had a twinkle in her eyes. She was searching for the story.

"Looking to change things up I guess."

"Yeah. I bet." Jade grinned.

I shrugged. "What are you guys doing here?"

Jade looked at Diane, and Diane nodded. "Diane has a thing for one of the pledges here."

"Oh." I smiled. "Is he around?"

"He's over there." Diane pointed to a guy back behind the bar.

"Have you talked to him yet?" My love life may have been a mess, but that didn't mean I couldn't help someone else out.

She shook her head. "No. He doesn't even know who I am."

"Let's get drinks." I nodded toward the bar.

Diane looked down. "I can't."

"Listen, you've already done the hardest part. You're here. Now let's get drinks." I started toward the bar, hoping they'd follow.

I checked behind me, and they were right on my heels. When Diane didn't say anything to the pledge manning the bar, I took over. "Three cups of the vat."

"Coming right up." The guy filled the cups and set them down. If I didn't do something, the opportunity would be ruined for Diane.

"Hey, what's your name?"

A small smile spread across his face. He thought I was flirting. "Chris. What's yours?"

"It's not important. I just wanted to know so I could tell your brothers how good of a job you're doing." I turned to Diane. "Isn't he doing a great job, Diane."

She laughed nervously. "Very."

"Well, thanks. It's always fun to serve pretty girls."

I smiled before pulling Jade's arm. This was Diane's chance.

I glanced over my shoulder. She was smiling and talking to him. Success.

"Wow. Can you do that for me sometime?" Jade sipped her drink.

"I bet you could do it yourself, but sure. You'll just have to tell me who you like." I nudged her shoulder.

"There's no one who's really caught my eye yet, but I'll let you know."

I glanced around the room, and that turned out to be a mistake. The guy from the front door noticed me again, smiled, and walked over.

"There you are. That was some brush off earlier." He crossed his arms.

"Yeah, I saw my friend."

He looked at her pin. "One of your pledges, huh? We have two Delta Mu's here. That might be a record."

I laughed. "That's a bit of an exaggeration."

"Is it?" he challenged me, and the sense of familiarity continued.

"Do you finally remember me?"

Something in his words sparked the memory. "Alec. We met at that perspective students event a few years ago."

"Bingo."

I sighed with relief. I was starting to wonder if I'd had a drunken hook up I didn't recall or something the way he was pressing me to remember him.

"I can't believe you still remember me from that. It was years ago."

"We also had stats together last year." He smiled. "But you sat on the other side of the room, and to be fair, I never said a word to you."

"Oh. Okay." Was he going for awkward?

"I assumed I'd get beat up by some Kappa boyfriend or something for looking at you the wrong way."

"Just because I'm a Delta Mu doesn't mean I have to date Kappa boys."

"No?"

I put a hand on my hip. "No."

Jade touched my arm. "I'm going to see if Diane's okay."

I followed her gaze. Diane was smiling, but she was alone. "Okay, cool. I'll probably head out soon, but good seeing you."

"You too." Jade hugged me before walking away.

"Then that Kappa who looks like he's ready to tear my head off isn't your boyfriend?" I turned around, expecting to see Tanner, but it was Colt. What was he doing there?

I pushed aside my surprise enough to answer. "He's a pledge, not an active."

Alec laughed. "Okay. Sorry. I stand corrected."

"And he isn't my boyfriend."

"Oh, baby, did you forget to take your meds again?" Colt's arm wrapped around my waist.

I pushed him off. "Shut up, Colt."

"Hey, at least she remembered your name. That's better than what I got." Alec laughed. "If you ever want to catch up, Mallory, you know where to find me." He nodded before wandering off.

"What are you doing here?" I hissed.

"I heard you were here. I thought I'd come see how you were doing."

"You can't be here."

"Why not?"

"You're a Kappa pledge."

"So? None of the brothers are threatening my life. No one else cares about those stupid unofficial rules."

I looked around for Jade. She was with Diane, talking to Chris and some other guys.

"I'm getting out of here anyway." I tossed my empty cup.

"Looks like I have great timing."

"Cara told you, huh?"

"I may have asked about your whereabouts."

"She probably assumed you wouldn't come."

"She wanted someone to check on you." He put a hand on my back and led me out. "Going to a frat party alone isn't the smartest idea."

"Yeah, well. I wasn't drinking much."

"So you think. Who knows what they put in that vat."

"It's the Iotas. They don't do roofies." We walked down the front steps.

"How would you know? You don't know these guys. You're like a walking target. Especially dressed like that." He gestured to my short dress.

"Yeah, well. I didn't want to go to your house."

"Because you didn't want to see me or Tanner?"

"Both, but mostly Tanner." I put a hand over my mouth. I was way too sober to have let something like that slip out.

He smiled. "What do you want to do?"

"What do you mean? I'm going home."

"Before ten o'clock?"

"Yeah. What's the problem?"

"The problem is the night is young. We're young. Let's live it up."

I laughed. "How much have you had to drink?"

"Not much."

"You know what sucks?"

"What?" He stopped walking.

"That despite everything, all I want to do right now is kiss you." I clasped my hands together. Why was it impossible to keep my thoughts to myself in front of Colt?

"Why would that suck?"

"Because I shouldn't want to do that."

"Why not? Why does everything have to be so complicated with you?"

"You're the one making it complicated." I wrung my hands at my sides.

"Me? How am I doing that?"

"Please. You are too high and mighty to just have sex with me. Why does it have to be more?" I couldn't believe I was the one pushing for casual sex. It went so counter to what I usually wanted, but I was scared of what would happen if we made it something different.

"Because you're worth more, and I want more." He put his hands on my arms. "But the real question is why don't you want that?"

"I just broke it off with Tanner."

"Fine. I already told you we don't have to broadcast it."

I nodded, feeling a need so strong it felt foreign and nearly overwhelmed me.

"You know what you want." He leaned in close, his lips hovering inches from mine.

I nodded again, slightly buzzed and hyper aware of our closeness and how tempting his lips were.

"Is that nod a yes, or is it that you know what your answer is?"

"Can we get some coffee?"

"Coffee? You're asking to get coffee?"

"Yeah. There's a cute place off East Bay Street that I like. It's still really early, and I'd love one of their pumpkin lattes."

A slow smile spread across his face. "Just to see my pumpkin drink a pumpkin latte, I'm in."

"You wouldn't have taken me if I'd told you I wanted a different type?"

"I would have, especially since you just described it as me taking you for it. That means you view this as a date, and I win."

I groaned. "Can't you give it a rest?"

He took my hand. "Let's get you caffeinated."

Settled at a small table with Colton, I finally relaxed. I was still a mix of emotions, but at least I had a good coffee drink and a comfortable place to sit.

"How's the drink?"

"It's good. How's yours?" I loved pumpkin flavoring. Coffee, muffins, cupcakes, you name it, I loved it all. It's like tasting fall.

"It's coffee." He took a sip. "I still can't believe I'm drinking it at night."

"It's not like we have to go to sleep early."

"Are you in charge of my bed time now?" He scooted his chair closer.

"No. But after your 'the night is young' speech, I assumed you'd want to stay up later than ten."

"I would if I got to go to bed with you. I'd be all about seven o'clock at night if that were the case."

"Seven? Not six?"

"We'd still be at dinner at six. I can't exactly expect you to stay up with me all night if you don't eat."

I laughed. "Now I'm staying up with you all night?"

"I wouldn't mind." His eyes locked on mine and my whole body got warm-and not from the coffee.

"I wish you had your own place."

He didn't miss a beat. "I can kick my roommate out."

"In your dorm? I don't know about that."

"You still have a question to answer before we go there. Are we going to do this?"

"I can't believe I'm into the one guy who won't do casual sex."

"Tough luck, pumpkin. I want more than your body."

That was it. His words got me, and before I knew it, my reply tumbled out. "Yes."

He grinned. "Say it in a complete sentence."

"What?" I stared at him open mouthed. "Are you kidding me?"

He leaned over to whisper, letting his lips brush against my ear in the process. "Tell me what you're saying yes to."

"I want to be with you, Colt. Is that what you needed to hear?" This was ridiculous. Did I really want him badly enough that I was willing to put up with his antics? Yes. The answer was yes. When I was with him, all worries about my future, Dad, Gasden and everything else disappeared. I just needed him close.

"Yup. Are you done with that?" He tapped the cup I held in my hand.

"Yes." I set down my empty cup.

"Good." He stood up, holding out his hand so he could help me up.

"We're not going back to your dorm." I walked next to him, shrugging off the arm he tried to put around me.

"Then where are we going?" He turned to look at me. "Your eyes are telling me I should be working really hard to get you alone."

"The library." I knew of the perfect spot.

"The library? First coffee and then the library?" His hand brushed against mine. "Maybe I should be reconsidering my choice in girls."

"Do you or don't you want to have sex with me tonight?" I kept my voice low but above a whisper.

"Do I really have to answer that?" He got a wicked grin. "Better yet, I'll show you the answer." His lips crashed into mine as his arms wound around me. I forgot about being on the street as his lips moved against mine faster and faster.

I broke the kiss. "Library. Now."

"Yes, Ma'am." He took my hand, and I didn't stop him.

The bright lights of the library spilled out onto the sidewalk as he held open the door. I led the way up three flights of stairs and down into the humanities stacks. No one would come back this far on a Thursday night.

I dragged him past bookshelf after bookshelf, and into a little alcove tucked under stairs that led to a storage area. I'd discovered this spot when I was working on a Lit paper the year before.

"Here? This is your perfect spot?" He looked around at the piles of books everywhere. This seemed to be the place where people dumped the books they weren't checking out.

I backed him up against a table, using every ounce of courage to be the one making the first move. "Yes." I reached up and pulled his head down to mine. His lips met mine and he quickly deepened the kiss, pushing his tongue into my mouth.

I slipped my hand under his t-shirt, and he cupped my breast through my dress. "Should I feel some guilt that I'm thinking about doing some really bad things to a girl dressed like an angel?"

I'd forgotten I was still wearing the angel dress. "No. Just do them."

He laughed. "All right."

I unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. He groaned when I slipped my hand in.

A loud throat clearing from behind me had me burying my head in Colton's chest.

"Maybe you two should find another spot," a male voice said with a laugh. I didn't even turn around, but by the voice, it had to be a librarian or a professor or something. I hoped it wasn't any one who knew me, or if they did, they didn't recognize the back of my head.

"Does my dorm room still sound that bad?" Colt whispered once the sound of the footsteps disappeared.

My heartbeat slowly returned to normal. "Fine. I guess that's our only choice."

If Colton was embarrassed, he didn't show it. He repositioned himself and took my hand.

"Before you even ask, no we are not going in separately. Refraining from broadcasting that I'm dating my dream girl is different from feeling like I'm sneaking around."

"Dream girl? I'm your dream girl?"

He got that goofy grin again. "Yeah, and I probably shouldn't tell you what you do in all those dreams...or maybe I should." He raised an eyebrow.

I playfully hit his arm. "Let's get this over with."

"You better be talking about the act of checking in to the dorm and not the sex."

"Of course, that's what I mean. The sex better take longer than that."

He laughed. "Have no fear, pumpkin. You know I'll take good care of you."

Chapter Seventeen

The brick building stood as an intimidating sight in front of me. I'd walked in and out of the freshman dorms many times, but that night it felt completely different. I stayed close to Colt, trying to avoid making eye contact with anyone as we reached the desk.

"Hey, Colt." The student working the desk greeted him by name. Great. So much for making this quick and anonymous.

"I need to check her in." Colt touched my arm, and I handed him my ID. That was one of the annoying parts of the freshman dorms. You could only enter if someone who lived there signed you in. At least they didn't have any archaic rules about checking in the opposite sex.

I looked down at the floor.

"Mallory. Okay. All checked in. Have a nice night you two." The guy's voice was light, and I knew what he was implying. It was almost like you had to do the walk of shame twice. Once in and once out. Oh damn, I hadn't really thought about the leaving part.

Colt walked over to the elevator. I hesitated. "Uh, let's take the stairs."

"I live on the sixth floor." He pushed the up button.

"So? Exercise won't kill us."

He leaned in. "If I thought this was about exercise, I'd do it in a second, but we're not walking up six flights of steps because you're embarrassed."

The door to the elevator opened and a couple of visibly drunk girls hopped out. One smiled at Colt. "Hi!"

"Hey, Veronica." Colt smiled at her. It was a completely friendly smile, but it still brought out my jealous side.

I resisted the urge to lay a kiss on him.

"We're going to a party. Want to come?" she cooed. The elevator dinged ready to close. I pulled Colton in.

"Uh, sorry. I have plans," Colton muttered.

The doors closed before the girls could respond.

"Oh, someone is jealous." He stepped toward me, leaning me back against the wall of the elevator.

"Jealous? Of that girl?"

He laughed. "I think this jealous side of you is kind of hot."

"Don't try to make it happen again."

He brushed his lips against mine. "No?"

"No."

The door opened, and he took my hand. "This way, my dear."

"Do you have to be such a comedian?"

He looked at me seriously. "Yes."

I pushed his arm. "And I actually want to have sex with you. Maybe I need to get my head checked."

Faster than I could process it, he had me in his arms. "You want to have sex with me again because you know how good it is."

"Get a room." A guy laughed behind us.

Colt turned. "We're planning on it."

Without a word, he led me down the hall. I waited with bated breath as he unlocked his door.

The room was exactly what I expected. Two twin beds, two small closets, and two desks. The only problem was that one desk was currently occupied.

"Hey, Joe," Colt yelled in the direction of a guy who I assumed was his roommate. The guy didn't move, but then again, he was wearing a set of those huge over the ear headphones.

"Joe!"

Joe startled and took off the headphones. "Oh, hey." He stared at me like I was an alien or something.

Colt didn't waste any time beating around the bush. "I kind of need the room."

"Why? I'm not going to bother you guys."

I was so embarrassed I wanted to run from the room.

Colt, probably sensing it, took my hand. "Yeah, but we might bother you."

Understanding crossed Joe's face. "I have headphones."

"Yeah. Not going to happen. See ya, Colt." I went to pull my hand from his.

"No. You're staying. Come on."

"I'm not doing that with him in here."

"Give me a second."

Colt walked over to Joe and pulled off his headphones. "I don't want to be an ass, but I need the room."

"I have a paper due tomorrow."

"Then go to the library."

"Fine. Give me twenty minutes to finish this section, and I'll leave." He exhaled loudly. "But you're going to owe me."

Colt nodded. "I have no problem returning the favor."

"I'll remember that the next time I find myself a hot sorority chick willing to come home with me." He turned back toward the screen.

I stifled a laugh. "So what now?"

Colt didn't hesitate to share a suggestion. "Let's watch a movie."

"A movie?"

"Yeah. We haven't done the whole cuddle thing yet."

"Cuddle thing?" I raised an eyebrow.

"I promise I'm good at it."

"I think I figured that out the first night."

"Yeah, but you were sleeping." He walked over to his desk. "What do you want to watch?"

"I don't know. What do you have?"

"Anything. I run it through my wi-fi."

"Surprise me."

"I will."

"I really don't care what you guys do. You don't have to wait." Joe put on his headphones. Either he was a perv or he really had no clue how girls worked. Maybe both.

Colton set up his computer monitor and lay down on his bed. He patted the space next to him. "Get ready for the ultimate movie watching experience."

I curled up next to him, resting my head on his chest. "I hope you picked well."

"I did."

He pressed play and Pride and Prejudice (the Colin Firth version) started.

"You remembered my favorite movie?" We'd only watched it together once. At a friends house.

"I remember everything about you, pumpkin." He kissed my forehead.

I snuggled into him, my whole body relaxing. Whether I wanted to admit it or not, Colt was right. What we had went way beyond friendship and sex. The problem was that was just going to make it harder to move on afterward. I pushed away those thoughts and tried to enjoy the moment. There was nowhere else I'd have rather been. Of course, it would have been a whole lot better if Joe would go ahead and leave already.

***

Someone was shaking me. I moaned and snuggled up some more.

"You need to call your friends, pumpkin."

"What?" I sat up in the dimly lit room. The only illumination came from Colt's desk lamp.

"Juliet just called. I would have answered, but I figured you wouldn't have appreciated it."

"Oh." My current location came to me. "We're in your room." I must have fallen asleep during the movie.

"Yes. That we are. And my roommate finally left... so I'd rather you stayed in my room."

As my eyes adjusted, I made out Colton. He was shirtless and leaning up against his pillows. The thought of staying the night with him sounded incredibly appealing.

I decided to text Juliet, grateful when she accepted the "I'm fine" excuse and moved on.

"When's your roommate coming back?"

"Not for a while. He went to play World of Warcraft with some friends. That's usually an all-night thing."

"Didn't he say he had a paper due?"

Colt laughed dryly. "That was just an excuse to annoy me. I had another talk with him while you slept."

I ran a finger down Colt's bare chest, making him shiver. "How sure are you that he won't come back?"

"Very."

"Okay, good." I moved on top of him, straddling him while I looked down at his face. I hiked my dress up in the process. "You really shouldn't look this tempting."

He grinned. "Quit trying to make good things sound bad."

"It's true."

"How is it possible for me to be too tempting? I'm already lying here half-naked for your complete enjoyment."

"My complete enjoyment, huh?"

"Uh huh."

I played with his belt buckle, watching as his eyes widened in anticipation. I took what for him was probably an agonizingly long time to release the buckle and move on to his button and zipper.

He put his hands on my hips. "Just know that if I'm available for your enjoyment, you're available for mine."

"I don't know if I agreed to that." I bit my lip.

"You unofficially did." He shifted so he could pull my dress over my head. "You say I'm too tempting, what about you?"

I closed my eyes. "Didn't you just say I'm available to you?"

"Yes, and you started to deny it."

"How's this for denying it." I reached behind me and unclasped my bra, letting it fall off on the bed beside us.

He reached up and cupped each of my br**sts with his hands. "If this is how you're going to argue with me, please do it all the time."

I leaned forward, offsetting his hand as I lay down on top of him. Our naked chests against each other felt perfect. The only problem was his shorts were still in the way. He noticed the same problem, and lifted me just enough to start pulling them down.

Just as he had them nearly to his ankles, there was a knock on the door.

I rolled off him.

Colt ignored the knock and finished removing his shorts.

"Colt! Open up, man," a male voice yelled from the hallway.

I put on my bra and reached for my dress.

Colt stilled my hands and didn't answer.

"I know you're in there. We have to go to the house. Don't you check your phone?"

The house? It was another pledge. I pulled away from Colt and finished getting dressed.

"Give me five minutes."

Whoever was outside laughed. "What are you doing, or rather who?"

I closed my eyes. Even though no one could see me, I was mortified.

"I'll meet you at the house in five minutes." Colt smiled at me.

"Sure. Uh, sorry to whoever just had their night interrupted."

I groaned.

Colt laughed. "Want to stay here and wait for me to get back?"

"Yeah, no, thanks."

"You know he's probably waiting in the lobby, right?" Colt buttoned his shorts. "I'm sure he wants to find out who I have in here. I have no problem with him seeing us, but my guess is you do."

"This is why we shouldn't be here."

"Hey. Come on. Just stay. It's too late for you to walk home alone."

"I can't stay here. What if your roommate comes back?"

"He won't. And even if he does, just wear clothes. I won't be long."

"I hope you're right."

"I am." He kissed my forehead. "I'll get back as soon as I can."

It wasn't until the door clicked closed behind him that I discovered a slight problem. I was eventually going to need to use the bathroom. Once the thought got into my head, of course, I needed to go. I also had no interest in using the restroom on his all boy floor. I paced his room a few minutes and then made a decision. I was walking back to my house. I'd text Colt and tell him I changed my mind. I still couldn't believe I was in his dorm room. Had I lost my mind? Hooking up in a Freshman dorm?

With my mind made up, I grabbed my purse and walked out into the hall.

With purpose, I continued down the hall and into the stairwell. Colt wasn't around to give me a hard time for walking down the stairs, but six flights takes a long time. I reached the lobby and realized another problem. The front desk still had my ID. I debated just walking out, but I needed it back.

"Hey, can I check out?" I smiled at the guy at the desk. It was the same one.

"Didn't Colt check you in?"

"Yeah."

"Well, he needs to be here to check you out."

"Oh, come on. Please just give me my ID."

"Sorry. You'll have to wait for Colt."

"Forget it." I stormed out of the dorm and headed toward my house. The lighting by the dorms was great, but I was reminded of how late it was when I turned toward the Greek houses. I hurried, ready to get home. A light drizzle of rain started right before I reached the front porch. Perfect timing. I punched in the code and very happily walked upstairs. I used the bathroom and got changed for bed. At the last minute, I remembered to text Colt.

I went home. Please get my ID for me.

He didn't reply right away which meant he was in his meeting still. That was an even better reason for having gone home.

I got into bed and turned out the light. Exhaustion had caught up with me.

I woke up with a start twenty minutes later when my phone rang. "Yes?" I answered when I saw Colt's name.

"What part of stay here didn't you understand?"

"I changed my mind."

"And walked home alone. Lovely."

"There were tons of people around."

He sighed. "Listen, I can't tell you what to do, and I don't want to unless it comes to your safety, but don't do that again. Please? Just promise me that?"

"All right. I won't walk home alone again at night." I knew he was right. You could never be too careful.

"I guess we'll have to take a rain check on the complete access, huh?"

"I guess so considering I'm already in bed."

"What are you wearing?"

"Pajamas."

He laughed. "Because that's descriptive."

"I guess you'll have to find out another time."

"You're mean."

"Maybe a little. Good night."

"Good night, pumpkin."

Chapter Eighteen

A tentative knock on my door woke me up. I resisted the urge to roll over and go back to sleep. "Who is it?"

"It's Jade. Did I wake you?"

"Kind of, but it's fine. It's open."

The door opened slowly, and she walked in. "I'm really sorry. I thought you were a morning person."

"I am. Usually."

She stood there in the middle of the room.

"You can sit." I gestured to Cara's perfectly made up bed right across from mine. I sat up and ran a hand through my hair, hoping it wasn't a complete mess.

"I guess I should have called first."

"No. This is totally fine. I needed to get up for class soon anyway." I moved out of the covers. "What's going on?"

"I was hoping I could talk to you."

"Of course. You can talk to me about anything." A wave of nervousness hit me. Was Jade okay?

"Does it get better?" Her face fell a little.

"Does what get better? Pledging?"

"No. I mean college."

"Freshman year is hard." I wasn't going to give her any BS about it being what you make of it. The bottom line is that freshman year of college is ridiculously hard. "It's a huge transition."

"I know. I'm used to knowing everyone. I'm not even sure if I have a single real friend here."

"You have at least one." I smiled.

"Thanks."

"And you have more. You seem to have made friends in your pledge class."

"Yeah, but what if they're only my friends because they have to be. Isn't that part of it?"

I shook my head. "They're your friends. It does take a while for college to feel like home, but it will. You'll see when you come back second semester. You'll have missed it. It's a strange feeling, but eventually this place will be home."

"I hope so." She clasped her hands together nervously.

"I know you have another friend too. How's Diane?"

Jade smiled. "She's good. Chris asked for her number last night. Now she'll just freak out waiting for him to call."

I laughed. "Isn't that how it always goes?"

Jade blushed. "Not always."

"What do you mean?"

"You and Colt... he's the one chasing you."

"Colt and I aren't together." At least Colt seemed fine with keeping things on the down low. Broadcasting our relationship would be a bad thing for both of us.

She looked at me skeptically. "I saw you two leaving together last night. I see the way he looks at you."

I pulled my pillow onto my lap. "I'm not sure what's going on with us, but I'd prefer if you didn't tell anyone."

"Okay. Do your roommates know?"

"No." I looked away. I needed to tell them. I just didn't know where to begin.

"Really? But you guys all seem so close."

"We are."

"Okay. Well, I won't tell anyone."

"Thanks. And if I can do anything to help make this transition easier, just let me know."

"I will." She turned toward the door.

"Hey, let's have lunch one day next week."

"Oh, that would be great. Maybe Tuesday?"

"Sure. Twelve at the student center?"

"Perfect!" She smiled before walking out of the room. I lay back down even though I knew there was no chance I'd fall back to sleep.

***

All it took was one fight to find myself in the backseat of Juliet's car on the way to the beach. Cara had some blowout with Aaron over him talking to an ex-girlfriend, and the weekend had changed from a romantic getaway to a girl's weekend. Any reason to stay behind vanished, and I had a mix of emotions about the trip. I was looking forward to getting away for a long weekend. I needed space from school and Colt. I just wasn't sure I was ready for the questioning I knew was coming.

"I hate him." Cara sighed.

I turned away from my open window, forcing myself to stop looking at the beautiful southern oaks surrounding us. "What exactly happened?" This wasn't the first time Cara had gotten angry at Aaron, but it was the first time she'd left town over it.

"I caught him talking to her again. He told me he wouldn't, considering what happened this summer." She sniffled. Aaron really was being an idiot. He'd told Cara about how his ex- girlfriend had chased him all summer long. What he hadn't told her was that she'd kissed him. Cara found that out from a Facebook photo. Needless to say, she wasn't his biggest fan at the moment. To make matters worse, when she went to confront him about it, he'd been on the phone with the ex.

"Maybe she called him." Juliet slowed down as the car in front of us turned with no warning.

"Maybe, but he was laughing and grinning when I found him. What if it was more than a kiss? He said he pushed her away, but what if he didn't? What if everything with us is a lie?"

"He loves you." I don't know where the words came from, but they spilled out. I knew that didn't make up for anything, but I really couldn't imagine Aaron cheating on her.

"I know, but what if he's still in love with her?"

Juliet shook her head. "He's not. He can't be. Not with the way he acts with you."

"I agree, but he totally deserves a freeze out. I get why you wanted to get away." I hoped some time apart would help things blow over.

"I'm sorry for changing things up last minute." Cara turned to Juliet. "How did Reed take getting left behind this weekend?"

Juliet answered honestly. "He wasn't thrilled, but he thought some girl time was a good idea. He knows how much I love you guys."

"Aww, I love you guys too."

Cara sighed. "I so needed this."

"What's the weather supposed to be like?" I'd thrown in a bikini, and I was hoping I'd get to use it. The storm clouds above suggested afternoon beach plans weren't in the cards.

Juliet slowed down when we reached a traffic circle. "It's going to rain in the morning tomorrow, but we should be fine in the afternoon."

"I guess that means we can sleep in."

Juliet laughed. "It's going to be my kind of morning. "

***

"We should have brought something with us to go with all this liquor." Cara poured us another round of shots. We were seated at the island in the kitchen. The rain started within twenty minutes of arriving, but our spirits were boosted when we discovered Juliet's brothers had left behind quite the stash of liquor when they'd visited the week before.

Juliet leaned on her elbows. "You guys are lucky I remembered food."

I laughed. "Do you call a few boxes of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese and Special K bars food?"

"We usually have tons of the basics here, and I figured we'd just run to the store tomorrow to get more. I didn't expect my dumb brothers to have eaten us out of house and home."

"Are either of you sober enough to drive?" Cara tittered on her stool. "Theoretically, we could still go to the store."

"No," Juliet and I answered in unison.

Cara got a wicked grin on her face. "We could always ask your neighbor."

Juliet paled. "What? Which neighbor? Have you seen a car?"

"I'm joking." Cara laughed. "I wanted to see your reaction."

"Not even remotely funny." Juliet still looked freaked out. I couldn't blame her. Her ex-boyfriend's family owned the house next door, and I knew they had some serious history that took place at these houses.

"Break out that box of bars." I got up to fill a glass with water from the fridge.

"Here you go." Juliet tossed me a chocolate, peanut butter bar.

"We should play truth or dare." Cara grinned again, but this one was friendly. I'd never seen her as drunk as she was that night, and I knew it was because she was so upset about Aaron. She was going to regret the alcohol in the morning.

"Truth or dare?" Juliet ate her bar in three bites.

"Although, I have a feeling it's just going to be truths." Cara moved into the living room, collapsing dramatically on the couch.

"Can't we just watch TV instead?" Playing drunk truth or dare with my friends didn't sound particularly appealing.

Cara picked her head up. "Please. It was fun when we did it as pledges."

"Fun?" I looked at her with surprise. "Try awful."

"Really? I thought it was fun." Cara grinned.

"You would." Cara was an open book. She had no problem airing her dirty laundry. She also seemed to enjoy the silly dares the actives made up. I'd picked dare and ended up having to sing Tomorrow from Annie on the front porch. Let's just say I don't have a great voice.

"Will you play or not?" Cara pressed.

"Sure, but I'm not starting." I knew she was only suggesting the game so she could grill me about Colt. I'd at least make her wait.

"I'll go first." Juliet tossed her wrapper and walked into the living room. I followed her.

"Truth or dare?" Cara didn't miss a beat.

"Truth."

"Do you think you and Reed are going to get married?" Cara went in with a punch.

Juliet leaned back into an armchair. "Maybe."

"Do you want to marry him?" If the topic was already breached, I figured it couldn't hurt.

She nodded. "I can't imagine being with anyone else."

I smiled. "You two are kind of perfect for each other."

Juliet stretched out. "All right, Mallory. Your turn."

"My turn?" I snuggled into a blanket I found on the couch. "Shouldn't Cara go next? She's the one who suggested the game." I bit back a smile when I watched a wave of frustration cross her face. She was dying to grill me for details.

"Come on. Truth or dare?" Juliet pressed.

"Truth."

Cara jumped right in. "What's really going on with you and Colt?"

"I haven't slept with him again."

"I don't believe you." Juliet gave me a serious look.

"It's not that I haven't tried..."

"What? The guy's crazy about you. There's no chance he'd-"

"No. He wants it too. We just can't find time alone."

"And you haven't told us this because...?"

"Because I was afraid to." If I was being honest, I might as well let it all out.

"Why would you be afraid? It's just us." Juliet moved to sit next to me.

"A lot of reasons."

"Start naming them."

"Because you wanted me to date Tanner." I took a deep breath. I wasn't ready to have this discussion. "And Colt's a freshman."

"So? Those are pretty weak reasons."

I wrapped my arms around myself. "They're good ones." I didn't want to talk about the real ones. It hurt too much to even think about Jack.

"We want you to be happy, Mallory. We don't care who you date." Juliet took a sip from her cup.

"Juliet's right. I can't believe you'd think we wouldn't support you on dating anyone you wanted. Plus, Colt will be a Kappa in another few months. It serves the same purpose." Cara smiled. Her face was a little flushed from all the alcohol.

"A pledge is the same thing as one of your boyfriends' friends?" I gave Cara a disbelieving look.

Cara ran her nails over the fabric of the cushion. "We just wanted you to feel part of it. We hate leaving you out."

"I appreciate that, but it's not a big deal."

"Why are you so embarrassed about Colt?" Cara scooted closer. "He's hot and funny. I'd date him if I were single."

How could I tell them everything? How could I tell them about what Dad said? About Jack? How could I admit that every guy in my life had left me in the dust because I wasn't good enough for them?

"Come on. Just tell us, Mallory," Juliet pleaded.

"I just can't be that girl again." I looked down at the quilt.

"What do you mean?"

"I need to be someone, and that isn't going to happen if I date Colt."

"Uh, am I more drunk than I thought, or is she making absolutely no sense?" Cara asked Juliet.

"I never told you the truth about my dad." I continued to look down.

"About his heart attack?"

I mustered some courage. "No, about how he left."

"You said your parents are divorced," Cara said softly.

"He left us because we weren't good enough."

"That's not true." Juliet put a hand on my back. "A dad doesn't leave his kids for that reason."

"You don't know him."

"That's true, but what does this have to do with Colt?" Cara asked.

I pulled my knees up to my chest. "I only had one boyfriend in high school. We dated my sophomore and junior year and tried to do things long distance the first few months after he graduated. Then he suddenly broke up with me because I wasn't what he needed in his life. In other words, I wasn't good enough for him either."

"And you don't want to feel like that again. That's why you were embarrassed to have hooked up with Colt on a farm. Right?" Juliet had hit the nail on the head. "But that's ridiculous. Only you can decide your worth. Trust me, you can't let what a guy, even your dad, thinks of you change your self-image."

"I'm confused." Cara sat up straighter. "Why would dating Colt matter? He's not going to treat you that way."

"She's afraid. She's terrified." Juliet didn't say it condescendingly, but it still stung.

"Maybe. I honestly don't know anymore." The alcohol was only making things more confusing. Why'd I have to sleep with Colt in the first place? Maybe if I hadn't, I wouldn't have starting crushing on him again. But wouldn't he still be at Harrison and pledging Kappa? He said he'd been on the waitlist, so he didn't come just for me. I never did find that letter he wrote me. I had a feeling he'd explained a lot more on those pages.

"Okay. Back to the original question. What's up with you and Colt? Do you like being with him?"

"Yes." I could admit that much.

"Then forget the rest of it. Just let him make you happy."

"We're kind of together." I remembered our conversation. The words he'd made me say in his goofy game.

"What's that mean?" Juliet asked.

"I don't know. I'm just not ready to go public."

"Why would you hide it?"

"I have my reasons. You won't tell, will you?" I leaned back into the cushions.

"If you really think it's best..." Juliet watched me warily. "But give us something. I can tell you're hiding something."

"Remember that boyfriend I told you about?"

Cara nodded. "The one who left you behind."

"He's Colt's brother."

"What? Are you serious?" Juliet asked.

I sighed, needing the conversation to end and hoping my friends knew me enough to realize that. "Okay, my turn is over. Cara, it's your turn."

"No, thanks."

"What? This was all your idea."

"Yeah." She smiled. "But I only suggested it to get you talking about Colt."

"It doesn't work that way, hon."

She laughed. "Fine. Dare."

"I dare you to call Aaron."

"What?" She grunted.

"Call him. Tell him how you feel. Just be honest."

"Seriously? That's my dare?"

Juliet looked at me and she nodded. "Yes."

I leaned back and crossed my arms. "Pick up your phone and call."

"Can't I just run around outside in my underwear or something?"

I wondered if she'd had even more to drink than I originally thought. "Yeah, not happening."

She nodded. "Fine." She swallowed hard and picked up her phone. "Aaron? Yeah. Me too." She walked out of the room.

Juliet and I just sat there flipping through the TV stations. Twenty minutes later, Cara came out grinning. "He's on his way."

"Good." I gave her a hug.

Less than an hour later, Aaron was knocking on the door. The rain had stopped for the time being, so Juliet and I decided to give them some privacy. We grabbed flashlights and took the short walk down to the beach. Instead of cutting straight through the back gate, we opted for the longer route that took us around a small lagoon. There was something so peaceful about being out late at night in such a quiet and picturesque place.

The moon was barely visible, leaving the small flashlights to do all the work of lighting our way. We laid down some towels and watched the stars while listening to the pounding waves.

"Whatever you decide to do with Colt, you're going to be fine." Juliet leaned up on one elbow. "Just don't overthink it."

"I just don't need this right now."

"Why not? It's not like we can choose when we fall in love."

"I'm not in love." I stared up at the sky.

"Yes, you are." She sat up. "If you weren't, you wouldn't be so conflicted. There are plenty of hot guys to hook up with, but you want Colt."

"That doesn't mean I love him."

"Does your chest tighten when you're around him?"

"Yes."

"Do you feel safe yet full of butterflies at the same time?"

I nodded even though she probably couldn't see me in the dark.

"He makes you happy. I already know that."

"None of those things mean I'm in love with him."

"They do together and coupled with the look you get when his name comes up, and the fact that your feelings for him have nearly changed your personality. I think it's safe to call it love."

I sat up too. "I know I've been bitchy this year."

"Not bitchy, but not you."

"I don't know what's going on with me. I'm just in a funk."

"Because you're fighting who you are." She stood up and let the sand blow off the towel.

I covered my eyes to avoid getting any of the sand in them. "How do you do it?"

"Do what?" She folded up the towel.

"Always stay so strong and confident."

She laughed. "Is that a joke?"

"No."

"Even after everything that happened with Dylan last year, you still think I'm always strong and confident?"

I shrugged. "99.9 percent of the time."

"From the outside, you seem that way too. You're just having a tough time right now. My cousin Amy warned me that the first semester of sophomore year is hard. After a summer away, you have to get used to school again, this time without the safety net of orientation or the 'I'm a freshman excuse.'"

"But you're fine."

"Yeah. Probably because I got all the drama out of my system last year."

I laughed. "Hopefully, it works that way, and I'll get a pass next year."

"Cut yourself a break and follow your heart." She started walking back to the house. "That's the only advice I have."

"Thanks." If only following the advice were as easy as she made it sound.

Chapter Nineteen

I thought about Juliet's words a lot over the next few weeks. Time moved at a snail's pace. My classes were all fine, but nothing really kept my interest. The only thing I enjoyed doing was spending time with my friends and Colt. And the latter was hard to do. Cara and Juliet kept their word. They didn't tell anyone about us, but they also didn't go out of their way to help me sneak around to see him. I understood, they thought I was making a mistake by keeping it a secret. I just wasn't ready to deal with more humiliation, at school or back home.

Anthro turned out to be one of my favorite classes. First, Colt was in it, and second Professor Cains was so out there that he never ceased to be entertaining. I was actually looking forward to class when I left my house in the morning.

By mid semester, I was so used to the routine that I never considered picking up my own coffee on those mornings. Once again, I happily accepted my usual cup from Colt and took my seat at the table.

Cains walked in a few minutes earlier than usual. "Hey class, I have an extra credit opportunity available this week if anyone's interested."

"This week?" a girl asked.

"Yes. Participation will excuse you from one of your papers or give you an alternative assignment to the final exam."

Colt winked at me before picking up my hand and raising both of ours together. "We're in."

"We are?" I tugged my hand out of his.

Half the class laughed at my reaction.

"Fantastic." Cains grinned. "Colton, isn't it?"

"Yes, and this is Mallory."

Cains took out a pad and started writing down our names.

"What are you doing?" I hissed. Was he really signing us up for more work?

"Making sure we have time together."

"There are better ways to do that."

He shook his head and leaned in to whisper. "Aaron said the only excuse from pledge stuff this week is for class. This is for class."

"Again, you could have come up with a better idea."

Cains cleared his throat, and I knew the rest of the conversation would have to wait until after class. Luckily, Cains dismissed us a few minutes early.

"So you think there's a better way to get me out of pledge stuff this week?" Colton bumped his shoulder into mine.

"Yes." I packed up my stuff.

"Fine. I found this one. You find another excuse to get me out."

"Why?" I stood up.

He jumped up and held open the door for me "Because you can't turn down a challenge."

"Yes, I can."

He gave me a skeptical look. It just made him look cuter. "Fine, then don't. It just means I won."

"I can get you out. I'll get you out tonight."

"Tonight? Isn't that pushing it? Very last minute."

"You doubt my abilities?"

"No. Not for a second." He grinned before we headed to our next classes.

***

I knocked on the door of the Kappa house completely secure in my plan. Juliet and Cara stood on either side of me. We were all dressed in cover ups over bikinis. Once Jana told us about the surprise outing we were taking our pledges on, I knew I had the perfect way to win the challenge. It took little planning, and my friends were more than happy to go along with it.

"Uh, what are you girls doing here?" Ryan asked when he opened the door. We'd still barely talked since the no-sex incident freshman year.

"We need to see the guys." Juliet slipped past Ryan into the house, Cara and I followed.

"Aaron's up with the pledges. Reed's in his room." Ryan still only looked at me. "And I haven't seen Tanner." Ryan didn't seem happy to admit it. Didn't he know that Tanner and I had stopped seeing each other weeks ago?

"I'm going up to get Reed. Meet you guys back here in a few." Juliet took off up the stairs. My guess is she'd be at least twenty minutes.

"Want to come with me?" Cara asked. "I feel kind of weird interrupting a pledge meeting."

I'd hoped she would ask. I wanted to see the look on Colt's face when Aaron shared the news. "Sure. Let's go."

Cara knocked on the white door, and Aaron threw it open. By his expression, he'd been ready to snap at whoever was interrupting him. Instead, his face fell into something else entirely when he took in Cara's beach wear. "Hey... what are you doing here?"

"We're taking our pledges to Morgan's house for a pool party. They have no idea what we're doing and think it's going to be the night from hell. I can't wait to see their faces when they realize it was all a joke. Thought your guys might want to come?" She turned her head slightly, letting him know she really wanted him to say yes.

"Uh, sure. I guess we could cut this short."

Colton shot me a grin from where he sat on the ground. I nodded in his direction.

"Good." She leaned up and kissed him on the cheek. "I think you'll like this bikini I picked up earlier."

He nodded without taking his eyes off her. "Hey guys, change of plans tonight."

"Yeah?" one of the pledges asked.

"Looks like we're hanging out with the Delta Mu's."

Colton laughed as the rest of the group sighed with relief. Aaron looked at him. "Is there a problem with that, pledge?"

"No, not at all."

I winked at Colton before walking out of the room. My friends and I laughed as soon as we got outside.

"That was too easy." I smiled, very proud of myself.

Cara practically skipped home. Things were completely back to normal with Aaron now. "I still don't really understand the challenge, but I'm glad we're hanging out with the guys."

The girls were a mess of nerves when we got back to the house. The actives had pulled the same trick on us last year, and it was only because we were forbidden from revealing the pledge experience to anyone that the new class had no idea. They'd just been told to wear bikinis and to plan to be out late.

"I hate doing this," Jana leaned in to whisper.

"They'll be fine with it when we get there."

"Yeah, but that's going to be awhile."

"They'll survive."

Jana was almost too sweet with the pledges. I wish she'd been in charge for our class.

Morgan's house could have been called a mansion. One of the beautiful old southern houses a few miles outside the city, I couldn't even fathom how much the place would have cost. The large rectangular pool was lit up by colored lights, and the deck had enough space to hold all of us.

Morgan made it implicitly clear that the house itself was off limits. However, she didn't mention the large garage just off the pool house. After an hour of exchanging heated glances with Colt, I slipped off hoping he'd follow. I'd noticed Morgan run into the garage earlier and hoped she hadn't locked the side door. The knob turned easily under my hand. I walked inside, surprised that Morgan had also left on an overhead light. The room was unlike any garage I'd ever been in. Insulated and huge, a family of four could have feasibly lived there. There were three cars. One of them looked like it belonged in a James Bond movie.

"Nice work." Colton's breath was warm on my neck, and I didn't need to turn around to know he was right behind me.

"I told you I'd get you out tonight." I leaned back against the trunk of the least crazy looking of the cars. I bet it was still worth more than my mom's house though.

"I can't give you credit for that, but you did get us time together, and that's the important part." He kissed my neck. I looked over my shoulder, turning in Colton's arms once I was confident that we were all alone in the garage.

"Why don't I get credit?" I could barely concentrate on speaking. His hands were busy distracting me with their descent down my back.

"Because technically I'm still here as a pledge. I had to come."

I whispered in his ear. "Are you here as a pledge?"

"No. I'm here because you look so damn hot in that." He touched the strap of my black string bikini.

"So I do get credit."

"Half."

"Full." I ran a hand down his bare chest.

"Half." His lips rested on my neck while his hands found their way to my hips.

"You look good tonight too, you know."

"I always knew you liked me shirtless." He grinned.

"Do you like me shirtless?" I teased him.

"Hell yes." He reached behind me and untied the top string. I expected him to drop the strings, but he held them. "But I don't know if you're really ready for this."

"Oh, I'm ready." I bit my lip, giving him the sexiest look possible.

"I'm really glad you said that." His free hand ran over my stomach.

"Are you ready?"

"I've been ready for weeks." He rested his forehead against mine. "I think it's time we find out how great we can be together."

"I already know how great we can be." My body ached for more of his touch.

"That's just the tip of the iceberg."

"Do you like torturing me?"

He laughed. "No, but I do like making you look at me like that."

"Put another look on my face."

"All right. I can do that." In one swift motion, he'd dropped the top strings and seated me on the trunk of a car. He untied the back strings, letting the top fall as he took one breast in his mouth while he fondled the other.

I reached down into his swim trunks, wanting to feel just how much he wanted me. I needed to know he desired me as much as I desired him. He was hard as a rock, and Colt groaned against my breast as I stroked him.

"I want you so bad." His mouth moved up to mine, his teeth nipping at my lip.

"You can have me."

"I can't. I forgot. My wallet's outside."

"Mine's not."

He grinned. "You came prepared?"

"Yes." I'd started carrying a condom around ever since the near hook up in the library. "Aren't you glad I did?"

"More than a little."

The sound of a knob turning was the only warning we had. Colt took my hand, and I grabbed my top just in time. We'd just found a spot to hide behind a shelving unit when the door opened.

"Is that an Aston Martin?" a guy asked.

"Like I'd know." Claire's voice cut through the silent garage. I could just picture her rolling her eyes at whatever Kappa she was talking to.

I needed to put my top on, but I was afraid to move and make noise. I was barely keeping still to begin with. Then Colt went and made it worse. He cupped my br**sts from behind, kissing my neck. I couldn't say anything out of fear of being heard. He released one of my br**sts and slipped his hand down the front of my bikini bottom. I tried to shift away a tiny bit, but that just made it easier for him to slide his hand in. Damn.

"I wonder what he got it for. It had to cost a pretty penny." The guy's voice got louder as he moved closer to where we hid.

I bit down on my lip, determined to stay silent. Was Colt really going to do this to me? Well, he'd get a taste of his own medicine. I reached behind me and slid my hand down into his swim trunks again. I felt his breathing deepen as I grabbed him, and I didn't worry about being gentle. I pushed back against him, probably making it so much worse. His lips tickled my earlobe as he whispered, "Oh, you just asked for it, babe." My lip was no match for the sensation caused by what he did next with his fingers. I let out a moan.

"Hello? Is someone in here?" Claire asked. I thought I'd die. That should have made Colt stop, but it didn't. I couldn't see his face, but I'm sure I would have slapped him for the look on it.

I let out a whimper as he pushed me further.

The mystery guy laughed. "I think we should go somewhere else. Someone else already found this spot."

"We have to find out who it is."

Seriously? Was Claire crazy? I'd never want to catch people hooking up.

"I bet they don't want to be found."

That comment made Colt laugh for some reason. His body shook behind me. I used his distraction to pull away enough to offset his hand. I quickly retied my top. If we were discovered, I wasn't about to flash some unknown guy.

"Come on, let's check out the pool house," the guy tried to distract her again. I wondered if it was because he was in a rush to get laid or because he didn't want to embarrass someone.

I let out a deep sigh of relief as the door slammed closed. If I wasn't imagining it, he'd slammed it especially hard to let us know they'd left.

"Oh my god. That was close."

"Yeah. I couldn't wait much longer." Colt's lips were on mine again, and his hands quickly got rid of my top again.

"Colt!"

"What?"

"We were almost caught. We have to go."

"What's the chance they'll come back?" He dropped my top on the ground. "Besides, there's no way I'm going out there like this. Don't move." He grabbed a condom from my bag.

I waited with my arms crossed over my chest.

"None of that." He pushed down my arms, and made quick work of my bikini bottoms. "No hiding with me-ever." He placed me on the edge of the hood of one of the cars.

"You really want to have sex here?"

"No. I need to have sex with you here." He undid his swim trunks and unwrapped the condom.

Before I could think about how crazy we were being, he was inside me. I was ready for him, and I pulled him closer to me. I wanted him deeper. I wanted all of him.

His movements rocked me, but I refused to scream. I pushed my lips against his shoulder, trying to muffle the sounds as he moved faster and faster. He knew what pace to go. He knew exactly what I wanted, what I needed.

I tangled my fingers in his hair as his mouth closed on my breast. His teeth grazing me in the process.

He reached his release just when I thought I couldn't take anymore.

We leaned against each other, panting for a moment before either of us spoke. He kissed my earlobe. "Don't even try to call that friends with benefits."

"I won't." My heart beat out of my chest, and I was almost too shaky to get my swim suit back on.

"You okay, babe?" He smiled.

"How did you get that good?" I watched as he got back into his swim suit. "And don't say practice."

He laughed. "It's not about me being good. It's about us being good."

"How are you so confident about that?"

"Because I'm confident about my feelings," he touched the place between my triangle cups, "and yours."

"You can go on out. I need a minute."

He shook his head. "I'll wait."

"No. You should go. Aaron might be looking for you."

"You've got two minutes." He kissed my cheek. "If you're not out by the pool, I'm coming back for you."

"I'll be there." I wrapped my arms around myself, still trying to get my heart rate back to normal.

Chapter Twenty

The night after the pool party, we met for our weekly house meeting. I'd barely made it downstairs in time after getting myself stressed out over some econ concepts that were on my next test. I figured a break from the books would help. Turns out econ was the least of my problems.

"Girls, we need to talk." Morgan paced the front of the room. She'd taken control of the meeting before the president could even call the meeting to order.

"About what?" Danielle asked, settling into her usual spot on the couch. She was one of the seniors, and they got first priority on the good seats for meetings.

"It's come to my attention that one of you may have been doing something inappropriate in my father's garage last night." She looked at all of us, and my stomach dropped. Did she somehow know? Had Claire told her? I hadn't told anyone about what happened with Colt and I, and I wasn't planning on changing that.

"What's the big deal?" Jana asked. "So someone had a good time."

"The big deal is my parents get back from their cruise in a week."

"So?" Cara looked up from her cell phone. From the expression on her face, Aaron had sent her a dirty text.

"So? I told them we were only having girls at the party. They are going to flip."

"How would they know?" I hoped the answer was they wouldn't.

"Do you realize how expensive my dad's car collection is?"

"Not exactly..." I sat up a little straighter. I was getting a bad feeling.

"Hundreds of thousands of dollars. Which is why the garage is under constant video surveillance."

What? No way. She couldn't be serious.

Morgan sighed. "So if anyone was stupid enough to fool around anywhere near the cars, I'm in serious trouble."

"Then just grab the discs or whatever. Delete the drive. If the sister doesn't fess up, we'll find out anyway." Claire had no idea how unhelpful she was being. Or maybe she did. She had been all about finding us.

"That's the problem." Morgan balled her hand in fists. "I can't get access to them. Dad has it all set up in some complex system."

My stomach dropped. I was so screwed.

I could barely pay attention to the rest of the meeting. We discussed some upcoming social events, and I excused myself as soon as I could. By eight o'clock, I was hiding under the covers.

"Uh, Mallory?" Cara asked quietly. "What are you doing?"

"Trying to decide how much worse my life can get."

"I knew it." Juliet sat by my feet.

"Knew what?" Cara asked.

"She's the one who hooked up in the garage," Juliet whispered.

"No way. She wouldn't have done that." Cara's voice was strong and didn't hold a hint of disbelief.

I lowered the blanket.

"I'm right, aren't I?" Juliet pressed. If it was anyone else, it would have annoyed me, but she wasn't trying to give me a hard time.

I nodded. There was no point pretending.

"You did Colt in the garage?" Cara grinned.

I looked at the closed door. "What am I going to do?"

Juliet leaned over me. "First, you're going to explain to us why we're only hearing about this extracurricular activity now."

I groaned. "I'm sorry. I just couldn't tell you. It was too embarrassing."

Juliet laughed. "I told you about when I hooked up with Reed in the kitchen at Al's. How is this any worse?"

"It was a garage. That's worse."

"A garage full of gazillion dollar cars. That makes it different." Cara smiled.

"Okay. I should have told you."

"You should have, but first were you near the cars? Morgan made it sound like the video was limited to that area."

I covered my face with my hands. "We did it on the hood of a car."

Cara busted out laughing. "Wow. I'm kind of impressed."

Juliet got up and paced. "Okay. Damage control time. The important thing is we have to delete that footage."

"But how? Morgan is going to flip if I fess up. She already hates me." I must have flirted with a guy she liked or something, because she always gave me an attitude. She was the only girl in the house I didn't get along with, and it irked me. Of course the mess had to have happened at her house.

"She doesn't hate you." Cara tied up her hair.

"Yes, she does. She totally does." Juliet laughed.

"I have no idea why, but it's just going to make things worse."

"We have to ask Reed for help." Juliet said it like there was no other conceivable possibility.

"No way!"

"He's good at this kind of thing."

"He's good at breaking security systems?" I raised an eyebrow. I knew Reed was resourceful, but this would be a stretch even for him.

"Trust me. He'll figure something out."

"This is going to involve telling him, right?"

"Telling him it's you. We don't have to tell him what guy it is if you don't want to. But I doubt he's going to do it for just anyone. He knows you're important to me."

"When do we talk to him?"

"Now?" Cara suggested. "It might take time to plan."

I sighed. "It's not like I'm going to be able to sleep with this over my head anyway."

***

"To what do I owe this honor?" Reed looked up from his book when Juliet pushed open the door to his room. It was pretty orderly for a guy's room other than some books laying out. I assumed we had Juliet to thank for that.

Juliet walked in first, and we followed right behind her. "We need your help."

Concern crossed his face. "What happened?"

"It's not about Juliet...It's me." There was no reason to let him get worked up over nothing.

"Good." He visibly relaxed. "Not that I don't care about you too, Mallory."

I laughed. "Save your breath, Reed. I don't care why you do it, but I need your help."

"Okay. But tell me, does this have anything to do with Tanner? I know about what he did last night, and I'm sorry I even suggested you go out with him."

"Uh, what are you talking about?"

Reed paled. "Oh. That's not what this is about?"

"Talk, Reed. Talk." Juliet took his arm and towed him over to his bed. Cara took his chair and I sat on the floor since I was the reason we were there.

Reed exhaled sharply. "Damn. Why does this kind of stuff always happen to me?"

"What?"

"Being the one to deliver bad news."

"What's the bad news?" I crossed my arms. His room was insanely cold, and I had no idea what was coming.

"Tanner went out with some girl he met over the summer. He brought her home..."

"What's the bad news?" I asked.

"That is the bad news."

Juliet and Cara started laughing.

"Considering Mallory had her own hook up last night, we're fine." Juliet patted Reed on the shoulder. "Plus they stopped seeing each other weeks ago. You know that."

"Whoa. Slow down. Who did Mallory hook up with?"

"That's not important." Juliet pulled up her leg so that it rested partially on Reed's lap. "What's important is that it somehow ended up on film."

Reed grinned. "You're taping your sexual exploits now?"

"No! It was a total accident. The garage was under surveillance. Now we have to get the security footage deleted before Morgan's parents get back."

"And I'm supposed to somehow help you with this?"

"Yes. You can always figure things out." Juliet stoked his ego.

"I appreciate the vote of confidence, babe, but breaking into a security system isn't my expertise."

"Is anyone in the house good at it?" Juliet asked. "Someone has to be."

"I don't know of anyone off the top of my head. Maybe a pledge?"

I jumped up. "No. No pledges!"

A slow smile spread across Reed's face. "Busted. It was Colton. You hooked up with Colton."

I buried my face in my hands.

"Why didn't you just admit it?"

"She thinks people will think less of her for dating a pledge." Juliet didn't bother to hide her distaste, but I was glad she didn't mention any other excuses. Although Tanner wouldn't have been a bad one.

"Well, at least he's pledging the right house." Reed smiled.

I sat back down with the sudden need to defend my decisions. "You know that's not the only reason."

Juliet sat down next to me on the floor. "And what are the other reasons again?"

"I already told you about how I dated his brother and he broke my heart into a million pieces." I sighed. "I can't get serious with another Gasden boy."

"Do you want me to leave?" Reed looked torn. I could tell he wanted to say something but he didn't want to overstep some invisible boyfriend rules.

"No. You already know."

He looked me square in the eye. "Then can I ask you something?"

"Sure."

"Why does the brother thing matter? If he hurt you, why do you think he'll care if you date Colton?"

"I don't think he'll care. That's the whole problem."

"Do you girls understand this? Am I crazy?" Reed looked back and forth between Juliet and Cara.

"She's scared." Juliet leaned her head on my shoulder.

"No. I just don't want to be sucked back down into that damn town. I'm better than Gasden." I stood up. "If you can't help, I'll find someone else."

"Want me to ask the pledges?"

"Sure. But please don't tell them why."

Reed nodded. "I won't unless someone volunteers to help."

"Thanks."

"But, Mallory?" He looked over at me.

"Yeah?"

"Give Colt a chance. He seems like a pretty cool guy and he cares about you. And you never know. Maybe he's better than Gasden too."

I nodded. "Thanks. I'll see you guys later." I walked out of his room and down the stairs. I didn't get far.

"Mallory, hey."

I groaned. Now Tanner. Seriously?

"Hi." I turned.

He looked at me nervously. "Can we talk?"

"Sure." I figured I might as well get it over with.

"Can we do it in private?" He eyed the guys sitting around the room.

"How private are we talking?"

"Out back?" He gestured toward the back of the house.

"Sure."

We got some questioning looks as we headed outside.

Tanner opened the door, and I walked out, carefully taking a seat on an old chair.

Tanner pulled up a chair next to me. "Listen. First, I just want to say I really like you. I was attracted to you as soon as I met you, and I do really think we work well together and should give it another shot."

"Tanner-"

"I'm guessing by the look on your face, you already heard. But please give me a chance to explain first."

"There's no need to explain."

"There is. I shouldn't have taken Kim home. I know we were taking a break, but after telling you how I don't randomly have sex with girls, my actions make me look like a total hypocrite. I'm sorry, and I hope we can move past this. She was just in town for a few days for work, and it happened."

"Tanner. I don't care what you did."

"You have to care. Don't play this down. I don't want you holding in these feelings and then taking it out on me after we've been dating six months or something. I'd rather you just yelled at me now."

"I had sex with someone too." Honesty was easier than I expected.

"You what?" His eyes widened and his whole body tensed.

"There's no reason either of us shouldn't be seeing other people. We went out a few times. That's it."

"Who did you have sex with?" He leaned forward. "I heard you were at that pool party last night."

"I was, but who I slept with is none of your business."

"Of course it is. And it was Colt, wasn't it? You aren't over him." He sneered.

Something snapped in me. I was done playing games. I was done with it all. "Yes. Okay. I had sex with Colt last night. And you know what? I enjoyed it." I stood up, but Tanner grabbed my arm before I could walk away.

"Maybe you'd enjoy sex with me too. Ever think of that? You haven't exactly given me the chance."

"You just slept with someone else last night. Don't pretend you're even interested in me anymore. The other girl left so now you want me again."

"There's no again about it. It hasn't stopped." He leaned his head back.

"We both slept with other people. Let's accept that and move on. Friends?" I didn't really want to be friends with him, but I knew there would be no avoiding each other for the rest of the year.

He looked at me and smiled. "This is perfect. We both slipped up, so they can cancel each other out. Let's wipe the slate clean."

"Wipe the slate clean?"

"Yeah. We can go back to how things were. Let's go out. Start fresh right now."

"I can't."

"Tanner?" Aaron leaned out the back door. "Reed just called the pledges over to talk to them about something. Just a heads up."

Tanner turned around to look at him. "Do you know what it's about?"

"No, but I think Mallory does. It sounds like my girlfriend is involved too."

"That's what we get for dating the crazy ones, huh?" Tanner laughed.

"We're not crazy, and you're not dating me." I started toward the back door.

"Wow. Trouble in paradise again?" Aaron asked.

"There was never a paradise." I stormed back inside just in time to watch a group of pledges walk in. The group included Colt.

His eyes lit up when he saw me. I wanted to run to him, but I couldn't. Throwing it in Tanner's face would just make pledging hell for him.

"Mallory, wait up!" Tanner caught up with me at the front door.

"What?"

"We're not done talking, are we? You never answered my question."

"What question?"

"Want to go somewhere? Get a drink or something?"

"No, thanks." I spoke quietly, trying not to make a bigger scene than I had to.

"Why? You'd rather just go around f**king a pledge behind my back?"

No freaking way. He had not just gone there.

"First of all, it wasn't behind your back. And second of all, I can have sex with whoever the hell I want. And he's not just a pledge, he has a name."

By this point, all of the pledges had arrived and were staring at us. Some were laughing but more were looking around at each other.

"Yes. Here we go. Might as well just shout it from the roof tops. I've had sex with Colt. Not just once either. And you know what? I'm hoping it happens again."

I heard clapping and glanced at the stairs. Juliet and Cara walked down.

Oh jeez.

"I guess we're going public then, huh?" Colt grinned.

"Hell, I might as well save Reed from asking this himself. Any of you guys know how to break into video security systems?"

"Yeah, but why?" a pledge I was pretty sure was named Tom asked.

"I need to get the video footage of Colt and I from the garage at the pool party."

"Footage?" Colt stepped toward me. "Why is there footage?"

"Oh yeah. I didn't get a chance to share the great news. Morgan's dad has his garage under video surveillance."

All color drained from Colt's face. "So everything we did last night was recorded?"

I tuned out the hollers of the other guys. "Yup. But on a good note, I think we probably put on one heck of a show."

Juliet about fell over laughing. I must have lost my mind.

"You're Tom, right?" The pledge who'd volunteered nodded. "Will you help?"

"Ah, sure. But does that mean I get to watch this video?"

"Not a chance." Colt shot him a warning glance. "That is unless Mallory feels like sharing it."

I nudged him.

"This is insanity." Tanner groaned. "Not only did you hook up with a pledge, but you also got yourself caught on camera?"

"Yeah... I'm a piece of work, huh?"

Colton grinned. "You are. But you're my piece of work, aren't you?"

"I guess I am." I took his hand.

"What do you need to break into the system, Tom?"

"Just my computer to start."

I nodded. "Do you need time to plan this?"

"Yes."

"Then we'll be back later." I pulled on Colt's hand.

"Where are we going?" Colt gave me a questioning look.

"To your dorm."

"We're going there because..." He grinned.

"We went public. I think I should at least get sex out of the deal."

"I think I might be able to help you there."

I led him out of the house. "I'd hope so."

***

"Are you trying to kick me out again?" Joe asked.

"Yes. I need Colt, preferably naked, and I don't think you really want to stay around and watch." Had those words just come out? I was seriously out of my mind. It was like I was on a high.

"Well, if you're going to be naked too, I wouldn't mind."

"I mind. Get out." I pointed to the door. I'd been right about the perv part.

"Okay, okay." He grabbed his laptop and walked out. "You owe me, Colt."

"I know I do, but right now I don't care." He smirked.

"I don't blame you." Joe arched an eyebrow, watching me as I closed the door in his face. I locked it.

"That was pretty intense. You really want me that bad?" Colt stepped toward me.

"Hmm, it might be better to show you." I pushed Colt back down on his bed before pulling off my tank top. He watched me with an amused expression as I slid off my skirt.

"I swear you get hotter every time I see you." He reached toward me, pulling me onto his lap.

I happily straddled him, pulling off his t-shirt. "I'm glad you think so."

"I know so." He unhooked my bra and tossed it aside. His hands were cold on my br**sts, but I didn't mind. I needed him touching me.

"I don't know what made you finally decide to go public, but I like it." He grinned.

"I'm done hiding. I'm done pretending. The only time I even like myself is when I'm with you."

"Then you just need to be with me more." He moved me so I was lying down on his bed. He quickly pulled off his pants and boxers and lay down next to me.

"I do. But I also need to be that person even when I'm not with you."

"Where did all this wisdom finally come from?"

I kissed his shoulder. "Promise not to laugh?"

He hooked a finger on the side of my panties. "I'm not laughing."

"Tanner told me he hooked up with another girl."

"That made you want me?"

"I didn't care that he did, but then I pictured it was you telling me the news. That made my stomach turn."

"I'd hate hearing you were with anyone else. It was hard enough watching you with Jack before. Now that I know how amazing you are, it would be much worse."

I rested my head against his chest. "I don't want to be with anyone else. I want you. I really don't care what anyone else thinks, and right this second, there is only one thing I want."

"And what's that?" He gave me a teasing look, slowly pulling down my panties.

"You."

"Hmm. I don't know if I can arrange that." He trailed kisses down my body.

"Yes, you can. That's kind of your job as my boyfriend."

"Boyfriend? Wow, are you sure you didn't hit your head?"

I moaned, responding to the sensation of his lips against my skin. "Don't you want me as your girlfriend?"

"I've considered you my girlfriend this whole time. You're the one so concerned with terminology."

"Well, then, boyfriend of mine. I hope you're going to start clearing more time in your schedule."

"I'd clear it all for you." His eyes locked on mine, and I knew we weren't just talking about sex. Colt was right from the beginning. Sex and friendship was completely different from a relationship.

"I think I'm ready for you to give me what I asked for."

"I know you're ready, but the question is whether I am."

I grabbed him, stroking him gently. "I'd say you're ready."

He got up and grabbed a condom from his desk.

I waited impatiently for his return, feeling surprisingly comfortable in his dorm issued bed.

"You look really good in my sheets, pumpkin." He hovered above me.

"Do I? Then why are you still so far away?"

"Far away, huh? Are you getting impatient? Normally, I'd think lack of sex would build up your appetite, but apparently when you get a little, you want a lot."

"Are you trying to make me feel bad?"

"No. I like it. I also happen to like this feeling of power I have right now."

"Power?" I tried not to whimper I wanted him so bad. He looked so good, and I was beyond ready for him.

"Yeah. You'd probably do anything to get me right now."

"Oh, is that it? You're on a power trip?"

He grinned.

"Colt, you've got about five seconds to get to work before I'm out of here."

"Are you threatening to leave?"

"Yes." I had no intention of following through with it.

"I really don't like leaving you waiting." He thrust into me. "Especially when you're so good at welcoming me back."

I wrapped my legs around him, keeping him close. He correctly deduced I wanted it hard and fast. I could barely contain myself as he moved.

Right before I reached the edge, he rolled us over so I was on top. I happily took over. I was in that position when the door burst open. We'd been so in the moment that I'd missed the sound of the key turning.

"Damn it, ass**le," Colt hissed as I tried to cover myself.

"Sorry, I forgot something." Joe grabbed something off his desk and left.

I rolled off Colt and hid under his covers. It was like a splash of cold water. What was I doing? Was I really ready for an actual relationship with Colt? The doubt set in again. I thought about my dad's warning which only put me less in the mood.

"Where were we?" Colt slipped under the covers next to me.

"Nowhere." I rolled over.

"Uh uh. No way. You can't go from being on fire like that to icing me out."

"You can thank your roommate for that."

"I'm sorry. I'll make sure to barricade the door next time." He put a hand on my shoulder. "Come back over here."

"I'm not in the mood." All the fear was back. I'd been on such a high, could I really be right back where I started again?

"I can fix that." His lips went to my neck and then moved down. I rolled over, giving him access to my body.

Within moments, I was right back where we were before the interruption. Colt had this uncanny ability to relax me. He was also impossible to resist. "I'm getting back on top."

"Be my guest." He smiled, happily rolling onto his back and easing me down onto him. "I happen to love this view." He rested his hands on my hips, moving me. I leaned my head back. I was so free with him, so willing to try new things. He brought out a side in me I didn't know I had.

I yelled out and he held onto me tighter. He released, and I fell down on top of him.

He stroked my back. "And to think you were worried I had a small dick."

I laughed. "Yeah, I kind of assumed some things ran in the family."

"Wait. Are you trying to tell me Jack..."

"Yeah. Don't tell him I said anything, but I kind of assumed that's just how it was."

Colt laughed. "He was always such an ass to me when you guys were together."

"He knew how I felt about you. I get that now."

"Really? So you're admitting you liked me before?"

"Oh yeah. I had such a crush on you." I left tiny kisses on his chest.

"But Jack was older."

"And he asked me out. You didn't."

"Because I didn't think I'd have a chance." He kissed my shoulder.

"Think of all the drama we could have avoided if you'd just gotten up the nerve."

"Like you would have said yes."

"I would have."

"So all this crazy no younger guys stuff is since college?"

"Since Jack."

"Okay..."

"He dumped me because I wasn't good enough. I needed to feel good enough."

"Because good enough and dating a guy a few months younger have something to do with each other? And besides..." He stopped.

"Besides what?"

He shook his head. "Never mind."

"No. Tell me."

"I can't."

"Colton." I pushed his arms and rolled over so I could look at him. "Tell me."

"No. I'm not ruining this. I'm not ruining tonight."

"Why's it going to ruin anything?"

"Because it will."

"Not telling me will ruin it too."

He nodded as though he was thinking to himself. "How about this?"

"What?"

"I'll tell you next weekend if you still want to know."

"What's next weekend?"

"Fall Fest."

I sighed. "Oh. Can't we skip that?" Colton and I were finally making a go of things, and going home could ruin it. Jack hadn't come home for the town festival the last few years, but what if he decided to? How could I face him? Would it be awkward for Colt?

"No. We have to go. My family is expecting me. Yours is too."

"You can go without me." It would be easier for everyone.

He gently rubbed my back. "No, I can't. You're my ride."

"You can just take my truck."

"Nope. We're going together. I always dreamed of going to Fall Fest with you on my arm."

I nudged him. "You're full of it."

"It's going to be good for us. Just trust me on this."

"Fine. I'll go."

"Good. Now how tired are you?"

"Not very." Colt had done an amazing job waking me up.

"Even better."

"What are you thinking?" I asked even though I had a pretty good idea about it.

"Give me a second." He pushed a bookshelf in front of the door. His completely naked body was a sight to watch. He looked so damn good.

I was out of bed before I knew what I was doing. I put my arms around his neck and he picked me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist.

"Missed me that much?" He leaned his forehead against mine.

"Yeah. Kind of sad, huh?"

"Kind of awesome." He carried me over to the bed and lay me down. "But you don't have to miss me anymore tonight."

Chapter Twenty-One

"What's Fall Fest exactly?" Juliet asked as she sat cross legged on my bed.

"Just this small town festival."

"Oh my god. It's like the Harvest Festival on Gilmore Girls!" Cara said excitedly. She was so obsessed with watching reruns of that show.

"Yeah, sort of."

"We're coming!" Juliet stood up. "I'll call Reed."

"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Who said anything about that?" Taking my friends home to Gasden? Not exactly. And their boyfriends? Forget it.

"Come on. It'll be fun. I could use the break." Juliet grinned. "Besides, I want to watch you prancing around your town with your new boy toy."

"Prancing? Boy toy? You girls are insane."

"We're coming whether you like it or not."

"My house isn't that big." We had a study that doubled as a guestroom, but that wasn't going to house four people.

"The guys can stay at Colt's house, or we could get a hotel."

"A hotel? Do you realize how small Gasden is?"

"You have to have a hotel."

"We do have an inn, but I promise it's booked for Fall Fest."

"We'll sleep on your floor. The guys can stay with Colt. It's set."

"What if Colt doesn't want them to?"

"He's a pledge. Like he's going to tell the pledge master and president that they can't crash at his house?"

I sighed. "Is this really that important to you guys?"

"Yes!" they both yelled.

Cara grinned. "It's going to be epic."

"Gasden and epic don't belong in the same sentence." With a population of 1500 on a good day, Gasden boasted all of four traffic lights.

Juliet flipped some hair off her shoulder. "You are completely exaggerating about your town being small. I bet we'll get there and it's going to be the size of Bethesda."

I laughed dryly. "Yeah, not quite. I'll call my mom. If she says yes, then you guys can stay. The guys will have to talk to Colt."

"I'll handle that." Cara picked up her phone. She didn't need to tell me she was about to text Aaron.

"Wait. I can't let them ambush Colt. I'll call him."

I grabbed my phone and called.

"Hey, pumpkin." He still insisted on calling me that, but it was getting less annoying for some reason.

"Hey. Don't hate me for this."

"Uh oh. What is it?"

"My roommates invited themselves and the guys to Fall Fest."

"And I'd hate you for that because...?"

"I think the guys are going to insist on staying with you. My parents won't let them all stay at my house."

"That's not a problem. You know we have plenty of room."

"You sure?"

"Yeah. I'll tell Aaron and Reed when I see them. Just promise me one thing?"

"Yeah?"

"We'll still get some time together. I really want us to have some quality time away from campus."

"My bet is they'll get scared and run away the first night." I looked right at the girls.

Juliet threw a pillow at me. "Not a chance. You make it sound like you don't have running water."

"You mean you guys had modern plumbing in your houses?"

"Oh, stop." Cara laughed.

"Can I see you later?" Colt pulled my attention back.

"Maybe." I tried to hold in a smile. I didn't need to give my roommates any other ammo. They didn't need to know just how much I wanted to see him. After giving them a hard time for months, I was due for payback.

"Only maybe? Didn't my performance last night qualify me for an automatic yes?"

I tried to hide the blush I knew was crossing my face. "I'll call you later."

"Oh, go have sex with your boyfriend." Juliet pushed my shoulder.

"Hey."

"Hey, what? You've given me a hard time about Reed for months."

"Tell Juliet she's the best. I'll be by in twenty." Colton obviously heard her.

"And where are we going?"

"Our spot. I'll even bring the ice cream."

Colton knew the way to my heart. The mingling of his lips and Miss Lawson's ice cream was irresistible. "Sounds great. See you soon." I hung up.

"So cute," Juliet said in this sugary sweet voice.

"Aren't you guys supposed to be at the Kappa house?"

"Sorry, honey, but we pay dues here too."

"Yeah, yeah." I couldn't stop smiling. Colton and ice cream may just have been my favorite combination.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Riding in cars puts me to sleep. There's nothing I can do to stop it. Colton had happily accepted my keys and agreed to drive my truck back to town for Fall Fest. Aaron drove the others, and we caravanned the three hour drive. I tried to stay awake and enjoy some uninterrupted quality time with Colton, but my eyes drooped closed a few minutes in. By the time I woke up, we were already nearly back in town.

"Hey, sleepyhead," Colton smiled at me when I finally opened my eyes.

I rubbed my eyes, noticing that the sun had started to set. "I'm so sorry. I really tried to stay awake."

"It's fine. You needed sleep. How late were you up studying for your econ test last night?"

"Until two." Unfortunately, all the studying didn't seem to help. I'd be lucky if I got a "B" on the exam. I couldn't afford a "B" in econ. I was going to have to start pushing it harder.

"That's what I figured. You seemed pretty nervous."

"I was. I had no idea intermediate micro econ would be so hard. I can't even imagine what advanced would be like."

"Do you have to take advanced for your business major?"

"No. I'll be done with econ after this. Thank goodness."

"Nice. I think I'm stopping with intro. I can think of a million more interesting things to study."

"Have you decided on a major yet? Still leaning towards English?" Colt seemed to change his mind about it all the time.

"Yeah, I think so, but I'm not going to officially declare it until next year." He turned off at the all too familiar exit.

I took a deep breath. Going home filled me with such mixed emotions.

"Stay calm, pumpkin. It's just Gasden."

"Gasden with four friends from school." We passed the lone gas station. They still didn't accept credit cards at the pump.

"Are you sure that's what has you nervous? It's not coming home with us as an item for the first time?" He looked in the rearview mirror, probably making sure Aaron was following.

"Why? Are you nervous about that?" I stared out at the crowded parking lot of the diner. By the looks of the place, half the town was there.

"No. I mean I'm a little nervous about seeing Jack, but he told me he doesn't care. I know my mom's going to be all over you with questions and stuff though."

"Fantastic." His mom was my high school biology teacher, and she was one of my all-time favorite teachers.

"I thought you liked my mom."

"I do, but what if she's more upset about us than you think?" She'd always seemed happy to see me with Jack, and she'd been nice enough to me after the breakup, but would she flip out about me dating another one of her sons?

"She isn't. She always thought we made a better match. Besides, she adores you and is just glad you're dating one of her sons. Of course, if you decide you want George, she might flip."

I smacked his arm. "George is fourteen. I think your little brother is safe."

"Sorry. I'll stop."

"Good. I still can't believe Jack's going to be in town. He hasn't come back for one of these in a while."

"Mom says he is. But maybe she's wrong. We haven't talked at all since I left for school."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. You're not the reason. He barely talks to anyone in our family anymore."

"Maybe he won't come." I really didn't want to face my ex-boyfriend, although a part of me thought it might give me some much needed closure. Besides, he was Colt's brother. Keeping them apart was unrealistic. "Sorry. I shouldn't have said that." Colt seemed comfortable dating his brother's ex, but would that change when they came face to face?

"Don't worry. I also wouldn't worry about your friends. They're going to have fun."

"I hope so."

"They invited themselves, remember?"

"Yeah, but that doesn't mean they won't blame me if they're bored."

"Has anyone ever told you how judgmental and hard you are on people?"

"Hey!" I pushed his arm.

"It's true. I'm sorry, but Juliet and Cara care about you. At least give them the benefit of the doubt."

"You're right. Sorry." He was right. I just hated the thought of embarrassing myself even more than I already had that semester. I knew they weren't coming to make fun of my town, but I hoped it was what they expected.

"What do you want to do tonight?"

"I told Annie we'd stop by to see her." We'd finally caught up on the phone, and she was dying to see us together as a couple. She'd always encouraged me to go after him, and I was readying myself to hear 'I told you so' a lot."

"And then there's the game..."

"Yes, the game. Think they're up for it?" I pointed behind us.

"Oh yeah. Who wouldn't be up for a football game?"

I laughed. "It's high school football."

"Yeah? That just makes it better."

"I obviously need to go. I want to watch Davie start."

"He's gotten really good."

"I know. He's even thinking about playing college. I don't know how I feel about it."

He gave me a look. "Lucky for you, it's not your decision."

"Do you want to come in and see my parents first?" I wasn't sure what answer I hoped for.

"Absolutely." He picked up my hand. "I'm going to freak out Rob by calling him Dad."

"Colton!"

"What? It would be priceless."

"And he'll flip out."

"Yeah. He seemed pretty chill when we talked." Colton kept his eyes glued straight ahead as he drove down the country road leading into town.

"When you talked to him?" My jaw probably dropped. "When were you talking to Rob? Why?"

"A few weeks ago, and he called me."

"How'd he even get your number? And why'd he call?"

"He got it from my parents, and isn't the why obvious? He wanted to make sure my intentions were pure."

"And are your intentions pure?" I teased, still not sure how the news of our relationship had traveled back to Gasden so quickly.

"Mostly. Of course, he wasn't thrilled about how sexually active we were, but-"

"Please tell me you're joking." My heart sped up. I thought it might beat out of my chest.

"Do you think I have a death wish?"

"Phew." My heart returned to normal. "But why didn't you tell me you talked?"

"I knew you'd have this reaction."

"So, in other words, you're only telling me because you're afraid I'd get mad if Rob let it slip?"

"Pretty much." He grinned. "Just covering my bases."

"I guess it's a good thing. Maybe he won't question me too much."

"Because that's likely."

I leaned my head back against the seat. "Don't feed me to the lions, okay? Help me out with him."

"Of course. I know how he is." Colton knew how ridiculously strict Rob was. He was the exact opposite of my dad. Instead of absentee, he was overly involved.

"Thanks."

"Anytime, love."

Love? Did that mean anything, or had he just used the word by accident? I forced the thought from my head as we drove into the center of town.

The town square was decorated with strings of white lights for the festival, and we had to take a detour around Main Street. I looked out the window as we passed the Miller's farm, surprised that I was feeling more excitement about being back than I expected. I didn't even mind the manure smell that only seemed noticeable when you'd been away from town awhile.

Colton pulled into the steep driveway of my modest two story house. Aaron parked out front by the curb.

Mom was halfway down the front porch by the time I'd hopped down. Dressed in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, she looked younger than usual.

"Mallory!" She pulled me into a bear hug. I enjoyed her warmth before reluctantly pulling back. Colton pulled out my bags.

"Hi, Colton. Nice to see you." She hugged him before turning her attention to the rest of the guests.

"Mom, you remember Juliet and Cara, right? These are their boyfriends, Reed and Aaron." Mom and Rob had taken all three of us out to dinner a few times freshman year.

"It's a pleasure to meet you." She held out her hand to each of the guys. She gave me a look as if to say are these guys real? I smiled and then glanced at Colt. He was fitting in with them more and more. I wasn't sure how I felt about that.

Rob walked out while we chatted, and we did another round of introductions before the guys brought in all the girls' bags.

I walked straight through the entryway into the kitchen. The room looked exactly the way it did a few months before, but it always took me a little while to readjust to being home.

"Is Davie already at the game?" I took a seat at the island, feeling almost giddy about being back. There is just something about your childhood home that makes you feel safe and comfortable. I wondered if I'd always feel that way.

"Yup. We'll need to head over soon."

I turned to Colton. "Why don't we just meet you guys there? We can't all take one car anyway."

Colton shook his head. "I'll borrow my dad's Suburban. We can all fit that way."

"You sure?" I'm sure my relief showed. I wasn't looking forward to having to drive around searching for a spot.

"Absolutely. We'll just run by my house to drop off our stuff. We'll be back in thirty?"

"Sounds great."

He kissed me on the cheek.

I watched as the guys walked out, incredibly grateful to have a boyfriend that was willing to help me out. He pretty much had to say yes to Reed and Aaron, but he wasn't doing it for anyone but me. I knew that, and I appreciated it more than he realized. I'd have to find a way to thank him later.

"Have you girls eaten?" Mom asked once the door closed behind them.

"We grabbed sandwiches before we left." Juliet hopped up onto a stool next to me.

"Do you want me to make you anything? Or would you rather grab something at the game?"

"What do you guys think?" I asked my friends.

"We'll eat at the game." Juliet kind of wiggled in her seat. "I want the full authentic experience of small town football."

Rob laughed. "Oh, it's going to be authentic." He seemed excited about having out-of-towners around for the event.

"I'm not even going to pretend to know what's going on, but I'll try." Cara smiled nervously. She seemed less comfortable than Juliet.

"Don't worry, you don't have to know anything. Just cheer when the crowd cheers. You'll fit right in." Rob smiled at her. He was usually pretty good at making people feel welcome. At least when they weren't guys trying to date me. He'd put Jack through the ringer.

"All right. I'll try."

"I have something for you girls." Mom got an excited look on her face.

"Oh yeah?" I asked.

"They're on your bed."

I got down from the stool, and we headed upstairs. The cream carpet was starting to wear out in places, but that's just part of what made it home. I pushed open the door to my childhood bedroom. The walls were as bare as I'd left them. After Jack dumped me, I'd decided to tear down everything that reminded me of him. In the end, my off-white falls stood empty. My eyes next went to my twin size bed. Laid out on my purple and green striped comforter were three Gasden Warriors long sleeve t-shirts.

"Oh, this is too awesome." Juliet stripped off her t-shirt and pulled on the new one before I even closed the door.

I laughed. "You are really into this, aren't you?"

"Yes, of course I am."

"This was so sweet of your mom." Cara donned her shirt, seemingly more relaxed.

"That's just Mom."

"Is she the perfect hostess?"

"Most of the time."

"I can see where you get it." Juliet sat down on my bed.

I sat down next to her. Cara took a seat in my desk chair. "Not exactly. I didn't inherit it. You know how flustered I get about things."

"Not about entertaining. You rocked rush."

"That's different. We all have a part to play. It's different in situations like this."

Juliet shrugged. "If you say so."

"Do your parents like Colton?" Cara asked.

"I think so. Most people in town like him."

"Is he friends with your brother?" Cara was full of questions.

"Yeah. It's actually kinda weird."

"Is your brother okay with it?" Juliet leaned back on her elbows. She looked pretty natural in her Warriors tee.

"I think so. Davie likes Colton enough. The way he sees it, Colton is a known entity. It's better than if I were dating someone he didn't know."

"My brothers surprised me with Reed." Juliet sat back up. "I thought they'd be super over protective, but they liked him on the spot."

"Reed has that effect on people."

"Yeah, but you don't know my brothers. I expected them to run him off."

"Maybe they're like dogs. You know? They can tell when someone's good?" Cara laughed.

"Did you just compare my brothers to dogs?" Juliet arched an eyebrow.

"Does that comparison actually bother you?"

"No. It's kind of accurate."

I laughed. "Oh, brothers."

"We probably need to get ready. Didn't Colton say they'd be back in a half hour?"

"Uh huh. You guys ready for the most exciting football game of your entire life?"

"I was born ready." Juliet jumped up and pulled me to my feet.

"Please never change, Juliet. Never change."

"I wasn't planning on it."

***

"Wow, this really is a small town football game." Cara stated the obvious as we settled into our seats in the bleachers. Colton had easily found a parking spot just a block from the stadium. Only Colton had that kind of luck. If I'd been driving, we would have had to walk a mile or more. Everyone showed up at the game the weekend of Fall Fest. Friday night games were always well attended, but the festival brought everyone back to town.

I glanced at Cara. "Yes, it is. Pretty much the whole town is here."

She smiled. "Okay, now I get why you're dating your ex's brother. There isn't much of a dating pool, is there?"

Colton laughed. "She'd have picked me even with a million options."

The night was cooler than usual for October, so I was grateful for my hoodie sweatshirt. I was also grateful for Colton's arm around me. He hadn't stopped touching me since he picked us up. He held my hand the whole ride, only dropping it to get out of the car. He took it again as soon as he came around to my side. He'd let go of my hand only to put his arm around me. Juliet hadn't spared me an eye roll when I looked over at her.

The pregame dance team routine was exactly the same as what the girls did when I was in high school, and there was something nice about the familiarity.

"Nice to be home, huh?" Colton's lips brushed against my ears. He probably didn't need to lean in that close, but the crowd was already loud.

"Mallory!" Annie called my name from the bottom of the bleachers. She jumped over people to get to us, all the while dragging Greg with her.

Colton released me from his arm long enough for me to get up and give her a bear hug. "Hey! I'm so sorry I didn't say goodbye this summer."

"You've already apologized. It's not a problem." Her eyes were kind, and I wanted to believe her. I wondered if I'd have been so quick to forgive. Probably not. I'd been adding more and more things to my list of things I wanted to change about myself.

"Thanks."

"Now let's talk about the important things." She looked over my shoulder at Colton.

"How do we look together?"

She leaned into me. "How am I supposed to know? You jumped away from him as soon as you saw me."

"Fine. I'll ask you again later."

"Hey, Greg," I belatedly acknowledged him.

He smiled. "Nice to see you, Mallory."

"Is it really nice to see me?" I teased.

"Actually, yes. You're finally dating the right Waters boy."

"Oh, so your dislike for me stemmed from my dating habits?"

"Of course, what else could I possibly find offensive about you? I mean you never tried to sabotage my relationship with Annie or anything." He winked.

"There was no attempt at sabotaging. I was just trying to stop her from putting out before she was ready." Greg and I had butted heads quite a few times, but generally we got along.

"All right, easy does it you guys." Annie laughed. "Aren't you going to introduce me to your friends?"

"Of course. Come on." I took her hand and we stepped over people's legs to get back to our spot.

"Hey, guys, this is my best friend, Annie, and her boyfriend, Greg." I gestured to them. "And this is Juliet, Reed, Cara, and Aaron."

"You're not going to introduce your boyfriend?" Colton smiled.

"They already know you."

"But do they know me as your boyfriend?"

"Come here, Colt." Annie hugged him. "I'm happy for you guys."

"Thanks." Colton pulled me down onto his lap. I wiggled off into the space next to him. We all moved down a little to make room for Annie and Greg.

Annie leaned over Colt. "You look perfect together."

Colt beamed. "We do, don't we?"

"It took you long enough to land her." Greg smirked.

"Yeah, well, some things are worth waiting for."

The crowd got loud again, and I struggled to hear as they announced the starters. I heard Davie's name and jumped up. "Wooo hoo, yeah, Davie!"

Juliet laughed. "That's some serious brother love."

"I'm so proud of him."

"Just wait, girls. It's going to get worse." Colt pulled me back down to sitting and squeezed my hand. "I told you you'd be glad you came."

I smiled to myself, but then responded to his first comment. "Hey! I'm allowed to cheer for my baby brother."

"Baby? That's no baby." Cara looked down on the field at Davie.

Aaron raised an eyebrow. "Do I really need to worry about you ogling high school football players?"

I shook my head. "No. No, you don't. No one will be ogling my brother."

"Proud and protective." Reed smiled. "I think Cara can hold it together for a few hours."

"You're not worried about Juliet?" Cara asked.

"Nope. Juliet always goes for the older guys, even the losers," he teased. We all knew exactly who he was referring to. Luckily, Dylan had graduated and was no longer on our must avoid list when we went out.

"Mallory obviously likes younger guys." Colt put his arm around me.

"You're only a few months younger than me."

"So you say now. You weren't saying that this summer."

Juliet laughed. "You are so hung up on details, Mallory."

Annie leaned forward to see my other friends better. "Yeah, she used his being a grade under us to avoid dating him in high school."

I groaned. "I did not."

"You so did. You had a crush on him before and after you were with Jack."

"Stop." I glared at her. Who knew who was listening to the conversation?

"Leave her alone, Annie." Colt pulled me against him. "All that matters is she finally came to her senses."

The game moved quickly, thanks mostly to the fact that we always play an easy team on Fall Fest. It's kind of like Homecoming. You never want to lose that game. Still, it was fun, and I couldn't believe how much fun my friends seemed to have. Davie was definitely the star player. He threw three touchdowns and ran for another. We won 42-7.

"That was really fun." Cara was still bubbly by the time Colton pulled into my parents' driveway.

"It really was." Juliet opened her door.

"Call me in the morning?" Colt asked as he walked me up to the front door.

"You mean you and your guests won't be too busy to answer the phone."

"Remind me again why you can't just come home with me instead?"

"Because Rob would kill you, and I don't want your mom thinking I'm a slut."

"She wouldn't think so." He put his hands on my hips.

"Then focus on the Rob would kill you part."

"Okay, okay. I get it. I can't wait until I can get my own room next year."

"Thinking that far ahead, huh?" It didn't actually bother me. Picturing myself with Colt more long term was easier and easier to do. I was falling hard for him whether I was fully admitting it to myself or not.

"Definitely. And so are you."

"Sleep well, Colton." I kissed him gently on the lips.

He smiled. "Same to you, pumpkin."

He walked back to the car as Cara and Juliet met me on the top step.

I still had the house key on my key chain so I unlocked and pushed open the door. I was a little surprised Rob hadn't come out to interrupt us. He was good at that.

"I'm so tired I could fall asleep standing," Juliet said as she kicked off her sneakers and left them in the front hall.

"Me too. It's been a long day." I took off my shoes, ready to go up to bed.

"Mallory?" Mom called from the kitchen.

I walked in and my stomach dropped. "What are you doing here?"

Jack stood up from his seat at the kitchen table. His light brown hair was shorter than the last time I saw him, but otherwise he looked the same. He'd chosen the same seat he'd always sat in when he stayed for dinner when we were dating. "I was hoping to catch up at the game, but it was too crowded."

"Why?"

"Mallory." Mom gave me a warning glance. She of all people should have understood how little I wanted him in our kitchen. Suddenly, the familiar kitchen wasn't so comforting.

I looked around for Rob. Surely he would have kicked him out. "Where's Rob?" I'd had to beg him to stay out of it when Jack dumped me. If I hadn't, he probably would have punched him. He'd threatened him pretty bad though.

"He's still at the game. He ran into some high school friends."

I nodded. "That still doesn't explain why Jack is here."

"I already explained that." Jack strode toward me. "I wanted to talk."

"There's nothing to talk about."

"We haven't seen each other in over a year. You're dating my little brother. Of course there's stuff to talk about."

"I'm going to give you kids some space." Mom left the room. I would have complained about her ditching me, but at least I had my friends with me.

"Are you here to tell her you have an STD or something?" Juliet asked.

I just looked at her with my mouth hanging open.

"Of course not." He gave her a disbelieving look. "Would you two mind giving us some privacy?"

Both Juliet and Cara looked at me and saw the clear message in my eyes. Cara turned to Jack. "No can do. Anything you have to tell her can be said with us here."

"And here I thought you'd grown up." Jack's crystal clear blue eyes settled on me, setting off the self-doubt I thought I'd finally pushed away.

"I have."

"Yet you're afraid to talk to me without your friends. Very mature." He shook his head.

"She's not scared of anything." Juliet got in his face. "We just love her and don't think you deserve a moment alone with her." I loved Juliet even more than usual in that moment.

"Why does this have to be such a big deal? I just wanted to tell you I wish things hadn't ended so badly. It's a regret of mine. We had too much history to just trash it with no closure."

Cara crossed her arms. "I bet it's a regret. Mallory is amazing and you'll never meet someone like her again." I had the best friends in the world.

"That's great and all, but I still need to talk to her. Please, just for two minutes."

"Why?"

"How many times do I have to say it?" He yanked at his hair.

I sighed, being around Jack was even more uncomfortable than I expected. "Haven't you already said everything you need to say?"

"No."

"You have five minutes." I looked at my friends. "I can give him five minutes."

Juliet and Cara left the room, both giving Jack threatening looks. I'd barely told them anything about him, but they knew the way things ended had hurt like hell.

"What else do you need to say?" I crossed my arms, determined not to let him know how hard this confrontation was.

"I'm sorry."

"You couldn't say that in front of my friends?"

"Damn it, Mallory. I'm trying."

"Sorry, but I don't have anything to say to you."

"Nothing at all?"

"Okay. Here's one thing. I'm surprised you're not married already. I thought you'd met a girl within days of breaking it off." That was one of the worst parts. His need to rub salt in the wound. Without my parents, brother, and Annie, I'm not so sure I would have made it through the end of my senior year.

"I lied about that."

"Lovely."

"Listen." He put his hands on my arms. I tried to jerk away, but something in his expression had me frozen. "It wasn't what it seemed."

"Then what was it?"

"I can't tell you, but I regret it every day." He seemed torn. Like he didn't really know what he should be saying.

"I forgive you. Is that what you need to hear?"

"Only if it's true."

"It is. I've fully moved on."

"With my brother?" He turned away.

"I'm sorry. Colt promised you didn't care." I wasn't going to let him make me feel bad about it. He's the one who dumped me, and it had been years. And he'd given Colt the green light, right?

"Don't apologize. I get it, and I'm happy for you guys. At least, part of me is. It's hard to watch though."

"Watch? You saw us?" Then it dawned on me. "Wait, at the game?"

"Yeah. He can't keep his hands off you." Jack looked down. "Not that I blame him."

I refused to apologize again.

He stepped toward me. "I miss you, but I screwed up."

I nodded. "Maybe, maybe not. If we weren't meant to be together, then you did us both a favor."

"What if we were meant to be together?"

What was he saying? "I'm with your brother."

"I know." His eyes locked with mine. "I just wish I could go back and change things." He exhaled loudly. "Listen, I have to ask this or I'll always regret it."

"Ask what?"

"Would you want to try us again? See where it goes?" Was Jack asking me to go out with him again?

I took two steps back and knocked into the counter. "I'm with Colt now."

"I know." He seemed torn once again. "But that's not just because he's the closest thing you thought you could get to me, right? Because if that's the case, you should let him down easy and come back."

Anger filled me. Was he that conceited? Was his opinion of me so low that he thought I'd do that? "I'm with Colt because I want to be."

"I don't believe you. I don't believe you can switch your feelings off for me that easily."

I coughed. "Switch them off easily? You dumped me almost two years ago. No. You didn't just dump me, you shattered my heart into five million pieces and it's taken me years to put them back together."

"And I regret that every day, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't try again. We were always so good together."

I closed my eyes, using every ounce of strength to stop the tears that threatened to spill. "I'm with Colton. I want to be with Colton."

I heard the door open and within moments Colt's arm slid around my waist. "What are you doing here, Jack?"

"What are you doing here?"

"I'm here to see my girlfriend. You can understand why I was more than a little surprised when Mom told me you'd come over here."

"She was mine first." Jack's sneer had me leaning into Colt's side.

"And you gave her up years ago. You told me you didn't mind if we dated."

"Because I never expected it to go anywhere." Jack stepped toward us. "I figured you'd get over your stupid crush and that maybe it would give me a chance to see her again."

"What?" I stuttered out in shock. "You thought that my dating Colton would someone end with us back together? Are you crazy?"

"Maybe. Maybe I am crazy, crazy about you."

Colton laughed dryly. "Oh. This is just great. I finally get Mallory and now you're trying to sabotage it because you can't handle me having anything you don't. You're such an ass**le."

"I'm the ass**le? You're the one who stole my girlfriend." Jack lunged for Colt. I pulled away, feeling completely helpless to do anything to ease the situation, but I had to try.

"Stop it! This is ridiculous."

Neither listened, and I was close to panicking. Luckily Reed picked that moment to intervene. Evidently he'd come over with Colt. He stepped between them, pushing each of the brothers to the side. "I think Mallory's trying to tell you both something." He nodded to me.

"This fight is stupid." I turned to Jack. "We had our chance, and it didn't work. I'm not going to feel bad about my decision to date Colt, because I know you're not in love with me."

Jack glared. "How can you say that?"

"Because I know it. You're just jealous, and even though I'm not the kind of girl who could make a guy act crazy over her, that's exactly what's happening."

"What do you mean you're not the kind of girl a guy would act crazy over?" Colt had calmed down, and he'd once again taken his place at my side. "You're exactly the kind of girl to do that."

Reed laughed, and that seemed to ease the tension a little. "Yes, Mallory can make us all a little crazy."

I rolled my eyes. "Thanks, Reed."

"Anytime."

"Jack, I think you should leave." Saying those six words felt empowering.

"Are you sure? Is this really what you want?" Jack's shoulders slumped.

"Yes." The tables had turned, and as much as I hated to hurt him, I knew I was doing the right thing.

"Whatever. Have a nice life." Jack stormed out of the kitchen.

Mom, the girls, and Aaron walked in right as I heard the front door close.

"Wow. That was intense." Juliet gave me a "oh my god" look.

I turned to Colt. "I'm sorry."

He pulled me into a hug. "Stop apologizing."

"Should you go after him? He's your brother. I don't want you guys fighting. I'm not worth it."

He looked me straight in the eye. "Of course you're worth it. Don't ever doubt that. And Jack had his chance. I asked him more than once if he was cool with us dating and he told me he didn't care at all. He can't suddenly change his mind now. There's no going back for us."

For a moment I forgot about our audience. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled his head down to mine. Our lips had just met when my mom cleared her throat.

My friends laughed.

"Oh. Sorry."

"Why don't you guys go pick up some ice cream for everyone, we'll stay here." Mom gave me a smile and nodded toward the door.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, but don't be gone too long."

Colton didn't waste any time. He took my hand and led me out the front door and to the car.

He pulled out of the driveway, picking up my hand as soon as we reached the street. He parked the car around the corner. Neither of us said anything. I unbuckled my seatbelt and climbed over the console onto his lap. His arms slid around my waist, and I leaned down to kiss him. Our lips said everything we couldn't say with words. The fight with Jack changed things. I was completely ready to move on, and Colt was exactly the guy I wanted to do that with.

We stayed that way for close to twenty minutes when common sense dawned on me. "We probably need to get that ice cream."

"Ten more minutes won't hurt anyone." Colt's lips returned to mine, and I never wanted them to leave.

Chapter Twenty-Three

The rest of the weekend in Gasden went well enough. My friends seemed to really enjoy my town, and it was fun to be back home with Colton. He was in such a great mood the whole time, it's like being home brought out the kid in him again. I didn't run into Jack again, and Colt told me he left. He assured me everything was ok between them, and based on his good mood, I knew he was telling the truth. Reed and Aaron were a hoot, and they made the bonfire and obligatory social occasions more fun than I expected.

A bunch of big sociology papers and econ exams kept me busy during the weeks after Fall Fest, but I still managed to find time for Colt and my friends. It was much easier to do when I wasn't hiding the truth from everyone. Before I knew it, Thanksgiving was only a few weeks away.

I spent the end of November leaving secret gifts and decorating Jade's dorm room. One of the best parts of being a sophomore was becoming a sorority big sister. Jade guessed it was me right off, but that just made it better. We stayed out super late the night of the reveal, and I knew I'd pay for it the next morning. It was worth it though. Jade was an awesome little sister, and I knew we'd become really close friends.

My alarm sounded louder than usual. I rolled over, trying to hold on to the last few minutes of sleep.

I hit snooze on my alarm clock again. Until that semester, I hadn't even known how to use that button. Normally, I'd have already been to the gym and back by eight a.m. but it felt like the middle of the night that morning.

"Could you stop doing that?" Juliet asked sleepily. Like me, she'd been up late. My roommates had even stayed at the house to celebrate the big sister/little sister reveal.

"What? Hitting snooze?"

"Yeah. Either get up or turn off the alarm."

"I'll get up." I pushed back my covers, lying there for a moment before I could get my legs to move me to sitting.

I reluctantly left my bed and rummaged through my closet for something to wear. I settled on a pair of jeans and a light weight v-neck sweater. It was my usual fall attire.

Just as my hand closed on the knob, the door was thrown open. "Mallory, hey." Jana stood there in her running clothes. Although we'd never talked about the whole party incident, things were back to normal with us.

"Hey."

"Your dad's here."

"What?" I stepped out into the hall, pulling the door closed behind me. "Why?"

She shrugged. "I don't know. He seems really nice though. He's waiting on the porch, so I wouldn't make him wait too long."

She had to mean Rob. There was no chance my dad would come to my school. He hadn't even called me since I visited him in the hospital.

I took the stairs slowly, in no rush to face whoever it was waiting for me.

My father turned to look at me when I stepped onto the porch. "Hi, Mallory."

"Dad? What are you doing here?" He looked good. I'd have never imagined he'd just had a heart attack a few months before.

"I thought it was a good time for a visit." He was dressed casually for him, in a button down cotton shirt and khaki slacks. His loafers were what I used to call his weekend shoes.

I eyed him skeptically. "You never visited me once last year."

"This isn't last year. It's this year. Why worry about the past?"

"Because the present is built on the past."

"You sound like your mother."

I crossed my arms. "Good."

"Let's get some breakfast." He demanded it. There was no question in his words.

"I have class."

"Have you missed any this semester?"

I shook my head. "No."

"Good. Let's go." He started down the porch.

I wanted to defy him, I wanted to refuse, but I couldn't. The little girl in me was too happy that my dad was even gracing me with his presence. I couldn't give up on the chance to spend time with him, even if the visit probably wasn't for a good reason.

He walked around and held open the door to his Audi. It was a different car from what he was driving the last time I'd visited him. He waited until I was seated and buckled before walking around to his side.

"Where do you want to go to eat?" I leaned back against the leather.

"Eli's Table. I've heard it's good."

"It is." My opinion on the locale wouldn't matter, so I didn't bother to make any suggestions.

We sat in silence for the first part of the drive. While we were sitting at a red light, he glanced over at me. "You look good. I forgot to mention that at the hospital."

"Thanks. It was understandable considering where we were."

"I mean it. You're keeping in shape. The college years are when most women lose their figures."

"Right." Because that wasn't an awkward conversation to have with your dad.

"It's usually from a lack of exercise and high amounts of alcohol consumption."

"If you're talking about the freshman fifteen, I had the freshman five last year and lost them over the summer."

"Good for you."

"Glad you care so much about my physical well-being."

"I care about everything involving you."

"You're not great at showing it." That was putting it mildly.

He exhaled loudly. "Are you angry at me, Mallory? I thought we aired all that."

"We did. I'm just surprised you're here."

"Your visit made me realize how much I missed you."

I rolled my eyes. "Why are you really here?"

"Can't I just want to visit my daughter?" He parallel parked.

"Sure, but that's not why you're here."

"Let's get something to eat." He came around to open my door, but I was already out. We walked inside and were seated at a window table.

I looked over the menu, quickly making up my mind.

He scanned the menu. "You already know what you want?"

"I always get the same thing."

"Just like your mom." He needed to stop comparing me to my mom. It was getting old.

"You say it like it's a bad thing." Dad never talked disparagingly about Mom directly, but he also didn't pretend to love everything about her.

"It's not. It's safe. I like safe for you."

I rolled my eyes again. He made me do that a lot. "An omelet isn't something that can be safe."

"Sure it can." He spread his napkin out on his lap. "It's safe because you already know you'll like it."

"Fine. I'll order something else."

He touched the hand that I had resting on the table. "No. That's not what I'm saying. There's nothing wrong with knowing what you want. It's low risk. Those investments can pay off."

"I'm not an investment or a transaction or whatever."

"I know." He smiled lightly. "You'd be much simpler to deal with if you were."

The waiter came over to take our order.

"I'll have the breakfast stir fry, please."

"No. She'll have an egg white omelet with cheddar and spinach. I'll have two eggs over easy with a side of sausage. Also coffee for both of us."

The waiter just nodded and walked away.

I stared at him with my mouth hanging open.

"What? That is what you were going to order, wasn't it?" There was a challenge in his face, like he was just asking me to deny what we both knew was true.

"What was that for?" He'd correctly assumed that I shared the same omelet taste with my mom.

"There's no point getting something you won't like."

The waiter returned with our coffees.

"Why are you here?" There had to be something motivating the visit.

"For several reasons."

"Which are?" I poured some milk into my coffee.

"One was to see you, but I've already told you that." He sipped his coffee, leaving it black.

"And the others?"

"The next is to invite you to spend a week with me over your winter break."

"A week?"

"With me." His hair had more gray in it than I remembered.

"And what makes you think I'd want to do that?"

"I'm your father. And it means less time in Gasden." He said Gasden with the distaste I knew he felt. For the first time, spending time back home didn't sound bad. A few weeks of free time with Colt sounded fantastic.

"Do you really want me to? Don't do this out of guilt." I couldn't deny some excitement over spending time with him. Maybe this was it. My chance to really get to know him. To show him I was more than the little girl he'd left behind.

"When's your last final? Maybe you can come up before Christmas?"

"I never said I was coming."

"You're going to say yes." He was right, but he shouldn't have presumed it.

"Dad-"

"There's no reason to argue about it. Besides, I already talked to your mom."

"What?"

"She said it's fine."

"Why would she do that?"

"Because your mother understands that a girl needs a relationship with her father."

"What's the catch?"

"Catch? What do you mean?"

"There has to be one. Why are you inviting me? Davie will still be in school."

"That's the point. I'm going to have him visit me for his spring break. I'm getting tired of repeating myself."

"But why now?"

"Because I almost died. I realized I wasted ten years. I want to know my children."

Our food arrived, but I had no desire to eat it. I should have been thrilled that he'd invited me to visit, but I couldn't shake the suspicion that there was more.

He finished eating, seemingly unaware that I hadn't touched my food. I wasn't sure what to think.

"Aren't you going to eat?" he finally asked.

"I'm not hungry."

"Please, Mallory. You're not four anymore."

"And age has to do with having an appetite?"

"No. But you're grown up and have to make grown up decisions. You're still looking to play around."

"Excuse me?" I knew it. There was more.

"With all the men at Harrison, you decided to date Cole? I thought you had better judgment."

"Cole? His name is Colt, Dad."

"It doesn't matter. I just think you should start thinking about your future. I'm more than happy to do it for you now, but I won't be around forever."

"Oh, yeah, because you're always looking out for me."

"I always am, even if you don't know it." He looked away, but then back at me. His face softened. "Maybe you're right. I haven't been the most attentive father, and for that, I'm sorry."

I nodded.

"So, why not come to spend time with me? We can get to know each other again."

"Okay. I'll think about it." I didn't give him an answer, but I'd already made up my mind. I wasn't sure if I was making the right decision, but I refused to give up the chance. I'd waited years for Dad to recognize me, and he finally was.

Chapter Twenty-Four

I don't know why it was so hard for me to tell Colt about the offer to visit Dad. Maybe it was because I knew how little Dad approved of us dating. I doubted Colt would have cared, but it wouldn't be a good feeling. I'd have hated to know that Colt's parents didn't approve of me. For all I knew, they didn't. Could they really be that cool with me having dated two of their sons?

I finally dropped the news on our way home for Thanksgiving. Having the same hometown came in handy for occasions like that. "Hey, can I talk to you about something?"

Colt took his eyes off the road to look at me. He was driving my truck. "Of course."

"I'm going to be spending the first week of winter break in Charlotte with my dad."

"Really? Is that what you guys discussed when he visited?"

"Yeah. He invited me, and I finally gave him an answer."

Colt looked pensive for a minute. "It's a good thing. You need to make peace with him. You're never going to be happy if you don't."

How could my dad have a problem with me dating someone so incredibly thoughtful?

I ran my fingers up his arm. "Thanks for understanding."

"But since I'm losing a week of break with you, that means you're spending almost all of this weekend with me."

I smiled. "I was already planning on it."

***

The last few weeks of the semester flew by. Before I knew it, it was finals week. Thanks to Colt's insistence that we do extra credit, we were able to opt out of the standard anthro exam. Instead, we worked on a project discussing how aliens were viewed by ancient civilizations. Cains assigned the topic. I knew the guy was weird.

"I'm going to miss this class." Colt closed up his laptop. We'd finished a final read through of the paper.

"Really?" I looked at him skeptically. We were seated on his bed. I'd fully gotten over my issues with hanging out in his room.

"Yeah. I mean when else will I get the opportunity to write about aliens?"

I laughed. "And I thought you were going to say you'd miss working on projects with me."

He leaned over. "We'll still get to work on other things together." He grinned. "Besides, we can take classes together again."

"Maybe. Although you might not copy my schedule every semester."

He brushed his lips against mine. "Maybe next time you'll copy mine."

"Maybe."

A few days later, I kissed Colton goodbye in front of his house and started the drive to Charlotte. My stomach churned with nerves the whole drive up.

I checked the address one more time. I knew Dad had a new house, but this one was three times the size of his last one. I wasn't sure why someone would need or want a place so big if they lived alone. I took a deep breath before pulling into the wraparound driveway.

Unlike when I'd gone home to Gasden, no one came outside to greet me. I pulled out my own bags and headed to the front porch. Dad would probably tell me I should have waited, but I wasn't going to show any weakness in front of him, physical or otherwise.

I rang the bell, smoothing out the non-existent wrinkles in my sweater dress.

No one answered. I rang again. Still nothing. With another deep breath, I tried the knob, and it easily turned under my hand.

"Dad?" I called as I stepped into the giant white entry way. My boots echoed on the marble floors. "Dad?"

A door opened somewhere, and I dropped my bags on the floor.

Dad walked down the hallway. He pulled me into a quick but tight hug. "Hi, honey. I need to finish a call. Make yourself at home, and I'll be out soon."

"Okay." I forced a smile and waited for him to disappear again before starting my tour of the house.

Once through the massive entryway, the majority of the downstairs was one big, open great room. A modern kitchen complete with stainless steel appliances and some sort of stone countertops caught my attention, but the whole downstairs looked great. Either my dad hired a designer, or he had a girlfriend I didn't know about. The natural color palette and perfectly coordinated rooms weren't designed by him.

I decided to avoid the hallway Dad disappeared down and ventured upstairs. I discovered a few immaculate bedrooms that were probably never used. I wasn't sure which one Dad wanted me to use, but I had my eye on the one furthest from the stairs. It had a huge bathroom with one of those giant showers with a bunch of streams. I'd always wanted a shower like that.

The second floor also housed a cozy room I'd probably call a library. Dotted with chairs and ottomans, the room urged you to pick a book off the shelf and read. I had to give it to the designer; they'd gotten the room perfect.

"Hey, sweetie." Dad snuck up behind me and made me jump.

"Hi, Dad."

"How was the drive? I would have picked you up myself you know."

"Oh, that's fine. I dropped Colt off in Gasden first."

"You're still dating him then?" He said him with distaste, but I decided not to push it. Fighting with Dad so early in my stay was a bad idea.

"Yes. We're still dating."

"Lovely." He put an arm around my shoulder. "Let me show you the rest of the house."

"I'm guessing one of these rooms is mine?" I asked when we reached the first bedroom.

"I put your stuff in the last room on the left. You can move them, but I had that room put together with you in mind."

I walked back inside the room I'd already picked out. My bags were all laid out. Maybe Dad knew me better than I thought. "Thanks."

"Of course. Have you eaten? We have dinner reservations at seven, but feel free to snack on anything before then." He led the way back downstairs.

"I'm fine right now, but thanks."

"Okay. I did try to pick up all your favorites."

I'd have to check out the fridge and pantry to see how well he'd shopped.

We walked down the other hallway, and as I expected, it was his wing. A large, dark master bedroom was the largest room, but there was also a study and a fitness room.

"Beautiful house," I acknowledged as we returned to the great room.

"Thank you. It's big for just me, but maybe you and your brother will start spending more time here."

"I'm here now, aren't I?" I took a seat on a comfortable couch.

He sat down in a loveseat across from me. "And I'm glad you are. It's been far too long since we spent real quality time together. It's mostly my fault, and I'm sorry for that."

"It's fine."

"No, it's not. I'm your father. I'm supposed to play an active role in your life."

"I've turned out just fine." At least, I liked to think so.

"Yes, you have. But maybe if I was around more, you'd have a better idea of the traits to look for in men."

"Oh no. Don't start."

"It's true. I don't blame you or your mother. I blame myself." He left out the last name. The name he really wanted to list. Rob.

"Did you invite me here just to harangue me about who I date? Because if so, there's no reason for me to unpack."

"No. Of course not. I'm simply trying to share my feelings with you. Isn't that what a father is supposed to do nowadays? Share his true feelings with his children?"

"I think that's plenty of sharing."

He laughed. "Okay. Let's discuss you working for me this summer."

"What?"

He leaned an elbow on the arm of the loveseat. "We always take interns. Why not you? You've always had impeccable taste. Something else you got from your mother. I think you'd do well in the marketing department."

My jaw dropped. "Seriously? You're offering me a summer internship?"

"What do you say? You can stay here. It will give us plenty of time together."

"That would be a lot of fun, but I don't know yet. I have to talk to Mom." A few months earlier, I would have jumped for joy at the opportunity to spend the summer away from Gasden. Now I wasn't sure, but a marketing internship at Piedmont Capital? That was the kind of opportunity that didn't come around often.

"See, that's how I know you're my daughter. You find starting a new job fun. Most people don't view opportunities that way."

"I'm just excited you considered giving me the opportunity to begin with." I crossed my legs and tried to relax. As long as we could keep the topic off my personal life, we'd be just fine.

Dad's phone rang and he pulled it from his pocket. "I need to take this, sweetie. Make yourself at home. I'll be out in a few." Did he realize he'd already said the same thing to me when I first arrived? I waved to let him know I was fine and headed into the kitchen. Time to find out how spot on Dad's shopping had been.

Chapter Twenty-Five

"We're eating somewhere nice tonight. Dress up a little, will you?" Dad said it offhandedly like I needed to be reminded to dress appropriately.

"Yeah, I already figured that much."

"Great. I'll see you in about thirty minutes then?"

"Sure." I walked upstairs, slightly suspicious of how concerned he was with what I wore. Maybe it had just been awhile since we'd spent time together. I definitely didn't remember him being that way. But maybe that was all part of his new "you're an adult, act like it" mentality. As long as he didn't try to set me up with some stuffy suit from his office, I was okay with it.

Thirty minutes later on the dot, I waited for Dad in the entryway. Dressed in a simple black dress that fell just above the knee, I figured I was appropriately attired. What occasion does a little black dress not cover? Paired with some cute new black kitten heels, and a black shawl to keep my shoulders warm, I was ready to go.

"You look nice." Dad walked toward me wearing a black blazer and slacks. We pretty much matched. Fantastic. Just what I always wanted, to match my dad.

"Thanks. You too."

"Are you ready?"

"Sure."

We got into his car and took the short drive downtown. Dad pulled up to the valet and left his key. He approached the hostess stand, and I hung back, taking in the restaurant. It was fairly modern with lots of art on the walls, and I wondered how the food tasted.

"Ready?" Dad touched my elbow.

"Sure."

He pulled out my chair, and I sat down, immediately noticing something off about our table.

"Dad?"

"Yes, honey?"

"Why is there a third place setting at the table?"

"Because we're going to have a little company." He smiled lightly.

"Company?" Was this when he sprung his surprise new girlfriend on me?

"I think you'll be very happy with it. We thought you'd like the surprise."

"Surprise?"

"Here he is now."

I dropped the napkin that was halfway to my lap when I watched Tanner stroll over to our table. "What are you doing here?"

"Hey, Mallory. Mr. Clark, thanks for inviting me." He kissed me on the cheek like it was the most natural thing ever.

I jerked back. "I'm going to ask you again, why are you here?"

"He's here to see you obviously. I thought you'd be happy to see him."

"Why would I be happy about it?"

"Tanner's told me all about your history. I think his patience is admirable."

"Patience?" I asked with confusion.

Tanner smiled. "My patience with you as you get your little cowboy out of your system."

"What? Colt is not a little cowboy, and I'm not just getting him out of my system," I snapped. Did he really have the audacity to say that?

Dad scowled. "Lower your voice, Mallory."

"Why?"

"Because you will not make a scene. I thought this would be a nice surprise. Evidently, I was wrong." Dad eyed me like I was the one doing something wrong.

"Why would this make a nice surprise, and how do you know Tanner?"

"He interviewed with me last month. He was upfront about his history with you. I appreciated the honesty."

"You appreciated him using me to help him get a job?"

"Using you? What would there be to use you for?" Dad's words stung. In them was the insinuation that I could never influence his decisions.

I brushed off the hurt. "Come on, Dad. Don't play stupid. What's really going on?"

He didn't answer. Instead, he gestured for the waiter to come over so he could order a bottle of wine.

"Answer me," I demanded as soon as the waiter walked away.

Tanner gave me a patronizing smile which only made me angrier at the whole situation.

"You will not talk to me that disrespectfully." Dad glared at me across the table.

"Then please answer me."

"You are blowing this way out of proportion. I thought you might enjoy some time with an old friend."

"Why surprise me then? Why not just lay it out there to begin with?"

"Because I know how emotional you can be. Sometimes you need to step away to get a clear head."

"You mean you wanted me to step away from Colt." Then all the pieces fell into place. "Is that why you offered me the internship?"

"Of course not." He leaned over the table. "I offered you the job because you're my daughter and it's what's best for you."

I tried to calm down. I had no means of leaving the restaurant on my own. I wasn't sure what would happen once we got back to the house though. I'd been so excited for the internship, but could I really accept it? Maybe if Dad just stayed out of my love life, I could figure something out. I needed to salvage something from this mess. I'd made too much progress with Dad to throw it away again.

I choked down my true feelings so I could get through dinner. I could do that much. "Fine. I'm sorry for blowing up."

"It's fine. I should have remembered how much you hate surprises."

I didn't respond. What was there to say?

Tanner reached a hand across the table. I didn't accept it. "I'm sorry for my comments, Mallory. Seeing you brings out the passionate side in me."

"Passionate side?" Did he mean the ass**le in him?

"Yes. You boil my blood. Generally, it's in a good way, but clearly sometimes it overwhelms me in this less than perfect way."

"I'm sure she understands, Tanner. Mallory has the tendency to be rash and say things she doesn't mean as well."

By the time the wine arrived, I could have downed the whole bottle myself. I wasn't sure who I was angrier at, Dad or Tanner. I was also angry at myself for not expecting it.

I ordered a garden salad, having no appetite and no willingness to waste money.

Dad looked at me worriedly, but thankfully didn't comment on my food choice. Maybe he thought a salad was an appropriate dish for a girl to order when dining with a male dinner guest. Isn't that all he cared about anyway? Appropriateness?

Chapter Twenty-Six

I never even changed out of my dress. Instead, I paced my room so long that I was surprised I didn't wear out the carpet. A summer internship at Piedmont, working with my dad? At one point, this would have been a dream come true. Now? Not so much. In that moment, I thought back on my decision to hook up with Colton. Who would have thought one night of sex in a barn would change my life so completely. Colton had taught me a lot in our months together, and I refused to throw it all away. I wasn't perfect, but I could be better. I could even learn to like myself.

One thing that wasn't going to help was spending more time with my father and his world, at least not for the reasons he was offering it. Maybe sometime in the future when he was ready for a normal father-daughter relationship, or at least as close to one as we could muster, I'd go for it, but neither of us were ready for that yet. I finally gave up pacing and walked downstairs.

I hesitated outside the den. Dad was reading the paper on his tablet.

"Dad. I need to talk to you."

"Hi, honey. Is this still about Tanner? I didn't think it would upset you so much."

I didn't believe that. He had to have known.

"No." For such a short word, it packed a punch.

"Excuse me?"

"I don't want the summer internship."

"And why not?"

"Because you're trying to buy me, and I'm not something that can be bought."

"Buy you? You're my daughter. I don't need to buy you."

"I don't want to be your puppet. I don't want you trying to turn me into your idea of perfect. I'm just fine the way I am."

"My idea of perfect? I just want you to be happy and successful."

"Happy and successful? And I can't do that on my own terms?"

"I guess not." Dad's hand balled into a fist at his side. He was getting angry. "When I don't interfere in your life, you continue to make stupid decisions."

"Excuse me? What stupid decisions?"

"Jack Waters was one thing, but Colton Waters?"

"Colton's not Jack, and Jack dumped me before things could get too serious."

"Thank God for that."

"He wasn't that bad." I couldn't believe I was defending Jack. Things do change.

"He wasn't? Then why'd he give you up so easily? A real man fights for what he wants."

Dad paled, like he realized he'd just let something really bad slip out.

"Give me up easily? What are you talking about?"

"Nothing. Let's just go to bed. We can talk about this another time."

"No. Tell me. Did you have anything to do with Jack breaking up with me?" I thought back on Jack's words. It wasn't what I thought.

"Please, Mallory. Now isn't the time."

"It's the perfect time." I crossed my arms.

"It was the only way."

"Spit it out, Dad. What did you do?"

"It's not worth discussing." He turned and stormed out of the room.

I followed him, but he'd closed his door. I knocked. "Open up, Dad. I deserve an answer. If you don't tell me, I'm leaving."

He ripped open the door. "I was only protecting you. I did what I had to."

"Yeah? Protecting me? Let's pretend for a second that I believe you. What did you do to protect me?"

"I paid him off." He said the words calmly, like they were of no importance.

"You paid him off? You paid him to dump me?" I felt like someone had punched me in the gut. All that time thinking I did something wrong, that I wasn't good enough for Jack, and Dad was the one who made him break it off with me?

"I paid him to stay away from you. I made it worth his while. You deserved better."

"What? I deserved better? How can you even say that? You weren't even around to know me!" Anger engulfed me. How could someone who was supposed to love me do something so cruel?

"I wanted to be." His eyes locked on mine.

"Then why weren't you? I never tried to keep you away. I wanted you to love me, Dad. I wanted you to spend time with me." I couldn't even describe how unworthy his absence made me feel. How empty. Rob was an awesome step-dad, but he couldn't make up for the fact that my own dad didn't want me in his life.

"I promised your mom."

"Promised her what?" I calmed my breathing. If I wanted answers from my father I needed to keep my cool.

"That I'd stay out of your life."

"That's not true. You're the one who left her because she wasn't good enough. Because we weren't good enough for you."

"Is that really what you believe?" For the first time, he sounded vulnerable.

"Yes."

"Your mother didn't think I was good for you and Davie. I was already away most the time with work, and we'd drifted. I should have fought harder, but at the time, I didn't have the strength."

"Maybe she had good reason to want to keep you away. Anyone capable of paying off my boyfriend is pretty toxic." I didn't attempt to keep the anger from my voice.

"I only did it because I love you."

"And that's why you're giving me this internship, right?" I let out a deep breath. "Well, I don't want it. I love you, Dad. I'll always love you, but you're never going to control me. I'd rather give up your acceptance and approval than give up who I am. I'm a good person. I'm a worthy person."

"Of course you're worthy. I haven't said otherwise."

"Not directly, but you've implied it. I don't need your acceptance, and I don't need your hand outs."

I turned and ran upstairs. I pulled out my suitcase and started stuffing in my clothes haphazardly. I didn't care what wrinkled. I just needed to get out.

"Mallory." Dad said my name softly from the doorway. "Are you really leaving?"

"Yes. I'm going to see the one man who loves me unconditionally as I am."

"Rob isn't your father," he grumbled.

"I'm not talking about Rob."

"Colton? You think he loves you?"

"I know it. And I know I love him." I felt the truth of the words deep in my heart. I needed Colton. I needed to get lost in his arms.

I reluctantly hugged Dad. I was still mad, but I knew it would be a long time before I saw him again. Considering his recent heart attack, I wasn't adding another regret to my list. "I love you, but I'm never going to work for you."

"Don't say never."

"Dad. I'll always be your daughter, but I'll never be your employee."

He held me close. "I love you, Mallory. I may not show it a lot but I'm so proud of you."

I stepped back. "I hope you can continue to be proud of me no matter what decisions I make."

He nodded. "I will."

"I'll call you on Christmas." I grabbed my bag, releasing it when my dad tugged on the handle. He helped me load it in the truck.

"Bye, sweetie."

"Bye, Dad." I pulled out of his ornate driveway, back toward my much simpler one at home, although I'd be making one stop first.

***

I knocked on the Waters' door. It was after midnight, but I wanted to surprise Colt. The words I needed to say couldn't be said over the phone.

His mother opened the door. "Mallory? Is everything okay?"

"Is Colton home?"

"Yeah. He's up in his room." She looked at her watch. "When did you get back in town?"

"Just now."

"Okay, go on up, honey."

I slipped off my shoes and hurried up the carpeted stairs to his room. I knocked on his door.

"Yeah?" He called out over some low music.

"It's me."

"Mallory?" The door flew open and Colton had me in his arms before I could register it. "Is everything okay? You're home early." He closed the door, put me down on his bed and sat down next to me. I liked that his concern was for me and not us. He had enough confidence in our relationship to know I wasn't trying to break up with him or anything.

"I decided to come back early."

"Awesome! I could pretend to be disappointed that your visit with your dad didn't go as planned, but my excitement at seeing you wins out."

I smiled. "Good."

His face got serious. "Did something happen?"

"Yeah. Lots. The bottom line is that I don't need him to approve of my life. What matters is how I feel, and I know where I'm happiest, and who I'm happiest with."

"Is it with anyone I know?" He brushed some hair away from my face.

"I love you, Colton." The words tumbled out.

His face lit up. "I love you, Mallory. I thought I was in love with you before, but now I know that was nothing. This though is love." He touched the place over my heart. "What we've become these past few months."

"I know." The tears started, and I couldn't stop them.

His answer was to kiss me, and it worked better than anything else ever could have. His lips moved against mine as his arms wrapped around me. Before long, I was lying down on his bed with him hovering over me.

"We can't do this here."

"I know. Not with my mom home. I have an idea." He moved off me and grabbed my hand. He rushed me downstairs.

"Mom, we're going out."

"Okay. Is Rob going to mind?" She looked at me worriedly. Rob's protectiveness was really notorious in town.

"Yeah, it's fine." He didn't even know I was back so we were safe.

"Okay, then have fun."

"We will." Colton squeezed my hand as he led me out to his truck.

"I don't need to ask where we're going, do I?"

"Nope. My guess is you're thinking the same thing."

The barn was just as empty as last time, but this time there were no cars and trucks parked outside or kids drinking in the field. Colt led me up the hayloft stairs and laid me down in the hay the same way he had that first night.

His hands and lips roamed my body as he undressed us slowly, savoring the experience as though it were the first time.

I reached out to touch his chest once he shed his shirt. I'd never get tired of feeling those muscular planes.

We moved together beautifully, perfectly. I knew with every grain of my body that I never wanted anyone else. He pushed me over the edge before reaching his own release, and he stayed on top of me afterward. Neither one of us wanted to separate. "I love you, Mallory." He looked right in my eyes as he spoke.

"I love you, Colt."

A bright light pulled me from my blissful haze. There were headlights outside. I moved to get dressed, but before I could do anything, the car moved away. Whoever it was decided walking in on us wasn't worth the trouble.

"I'm going to take that as a sign." Colt ran his hand down my arm.

"A sign of what?"

"That we're meant to be doing this. I mean we weren't even busted."

I laughed. "It would have been really funny if we were."

"Really funny? Would it have been funny when Rob had me arrested?"

"What's he going to get you arrested for? We're both consenting adults. Annie's uncle could arrest us for trespassing, but you know he wouldn't."

"This is our spot now."

"Our spot?"

"Yeah. The spot we should come to every time we need a recharge."

"A recharge?" I asked.

"I figure every few years we'll get into a fight and crave really good make-up sex."

"Every few years? You're really looking far ahead now."

"I'm looking at forever, Mallory."

"Forever?" I nuzzled into his side.

"Forever. I promise it's going to be a good ride."

"I'm sure it will be." I moved out of his arms, and he started to protest until he realized what I was doing.

"I'm really excited about the ride, but right now I just want to ride my Colt."

He laughed. "I don't know what's gotten into you this year, but I love it."

"You. You're what's gotten into me. You've changed me in the most amazing ways."

"You've done the same to me." He reached up and pulled me down to lie on top of him. "As much as I'd love for you to take me for a ride, right now I just want to hold you."

"Being held sounds pretty good too."

"Good, because I plan on holding you for a very long time."

"Don't you mean forever?"

"Longer than forever," he whispered. "We're at longer than forever now."

"Yeah. I like the sound of that."

"Me too." I kissed him and he kissed me back.

I never would have imagined a roll in the hay could change my life so completely, but you never know what's going to happen. Sometimes the unexpected things are the ones that mean the most.

