Prologue - "How Long Will I Love You"

Mac - Twenty months earlier

Since the guys got back from the bar, my dad won't stop smiling at me. I'm thinking he's drunk. I mean, he's no spring chicken anymore, so I'm guessing that after a few hours and a few brews, he's toasted.

Maybe he's getting all sappy because his baby girl is twenty-five years old. Fuck knows, but it's starting to freak me out. Mom is just mom, always rubbing my belly and talking to 'her babies' as she calls them. And the babies are kicking the shit out of me and doing what feels like triple somersaults inside of me. Fun and games.

The baby shower is awesome, but god I'm tired. I'm so f**king tired that I can't wait to get home and relax. I might try squeezing into our tub, even if it means Superman has to hoist me out like a stranded whale. The embarrassment is the price I'll pay for half an hour of weightless heaven.

"You okay, gorgeous?" Daniel asks, taking a seat on the couch beside me.

"I will be in about half an hour when I'm stranded in the tub again."

He laughs and wraps his arm around me. I rest my head on his shoulder, one of my favorite places to be in the world.

"I'm looking forward to swooping in and saving your beautiful naked body from your nightly tub predicament, but unfortunately, Mom and Dad's car broke down, so I need to go take them home. I've talked to Kate, and she's going to take the L with you and make sure you get home safe. I'm sorry gorgeous, but I'm the closest, and Dad hates Triple A."

"It's fine. But can't I catch a cab? I don't think I've got enough energy to ride the L tonight."

"The L goes straight to our place and will be quicker. Kate will help, and all of your presents and the baby gifts are in my car ... well, what I could squeeze in. The rest will stay here with Kate until I can do another trip."

"I suppose. You owe me for this, you know that, right?"

"I'll give you anything, anywhere, anytime."

"Really?" I say very slowly, the cogs in my head turning at warp speed. "That's a rather big promise, Danny boy. You sure you can deliver on such a big promise?" I ask, smirking at him.

He growls before leaning over and kissing me, deliberately teasing me with his tongue until he pulls away and rests his forehead against mine, looking into my eyes. My libido just jumped from nay to yay in 0.1 seconds, and now he's leaving me for an hour or two. Well, this sucks!

"Cock tease," he murmurs against my lips as he gives me the softest of lip touches that I swear I can feel between my legs.

"Pussy tease," I whisper, licking my lips and grazing his.

"Pleased to be of service. Love you, and you two be nice to Mommy." He kisses me, then leans down and kisses my belly before standing. He walks over to the kitchen where Kate and my parents are tidying up the last of the dishes, and I see a strange look exchanged between Kate and Daniel. Hmm, wonder what's up with that?

"Mac, you ready to get going? I think there's a train in fifteen minutes if you want to try make it. Your parents are leaving, so they said they can drop us at the station."

"Can't they just drop me home? Then you don't have to leave here. I'm sure Zander is due back soon?"

"Zan's having dinner with Zach, so he won't be home until late."

"Yeah, and we ... ah, we have to get back to the farm. Feed the animals and all that," my dad says rather quickly. I swear to God everyone around me has gone crazy. I thought it was the pregnant one who got baby brain.

"You guys are all acting really strange, but I'll go along with this harebrained plan. But you," I point at Kate and narrow my eyes, "will have to stand up with me if I'm too big to sit down on the train, and you do not have permission to laugh at the round pregnant woman who has to be rolled down the aisle, okay?"

She sniggers and nods. "Okay. I promise not to laugh in your face."

"Good enough." I grin back at her.

Ten minutes later, Kate and I are standing at the platform waiting for the train to take me the three blocks to our apartment. Yes, our apartment. There is no way I'm moving back in with Kate. She's happy playing house with Zander, and Daniel and I are more than happy to stay in our apartment until after the babies arrive. Then we'll reevaluate.

Finally, our train arrives, and I waddle in like a big bellied duck, thankfully finding a bench seat to plant my ass in without any rolling required. Kate takes a seat beside me and suddenly seems really nervous.

"Hon, what's up? You've been acting weird since Daniel left. You okay? Is it Zander?" I put my hand on her lap, and she looks up at me and she looks like a kid that's been caught with their hand in the cookie jar. I see her tapping her heel nervously on the vinyl floor and she keeps crossing and uncrossing her legs.

"I'm fine, why do you ask?"

"No reason." I shrug my shoulders. This night has just been one weird thing after another. There must be a full moon or something.

The train stops and a big group of people hop on, obviously heading out for the night.

"Any plans for tomorrow?" Kate asks me, looking very distracted.

"At this stage, I'll be sleeping in and lying on the couch. These babies don't let me get away with much anymore. I'm too big, and I'm exhausted easily. Don't get me started on the creative sex we have these days."

"La la la, don't want to know!" Kate says, putting her fingers in her ears, which just makes me burst out laughing. She looks up and nods, then stands suddenly. "I've just got to go somewhere, quick. I'll be back." She takes off down the train. What the f**k?

I turn back around to see Daniel standing in front of me.

"Daniel, why are you here? I thought you were helping your parents?" I ask, confused as all hell.

"I lied." He shrugs his shoulders, offering me a bemused grin.

"You lied?"

"Yep."

"Why?" My body tenses and I glare at him.

"There's something I need to do."

"Something you need ... what the f**k, Daniel? Everyone is acting strange, and I'm so not in the mood for whatever shit is going down. I just want to go home, have a bath, and-"

I stop breathing when he bends down on one knee in front of me and takes my hand in his.

"Mac, eleven months, three days, twenty-three hours and forty-one minutes. That is how long you've been in my life. It also marks the day when you threw your phone across the train to get my attention." I open my mouth to argue, but he gives me a stern look that says 'don't you dare'.

"As I was saying, that night I was captivated by your smart wit and that sexy smile. Since then, I've thanked God every day for letting you open your heart to me, and for making me fall in love with you." My eyes start to fill with tears. He pauses for a second and pulls a small packet of tissues from his pocket. "I thought you might need these."

"Superhero," I mouth to him, earning that panty melting grin of his that makes me wet every single time he flashes it at me. By now we've got a silent crowd surrounding us, riveted at such a public display occurring on a Saturday night train ride.

"We're a family now, and we're just starting our lives together, the four of us." He places our combined hands on my belly and wouldn't you know it, one of the little ninja babies kicks right on cue, making us both laugh quietly.

He clears his throat, and our eyes meet. I'm struck by the emotion I see staring back at me. This man is mine, and he wants to make sure that I'm his.

"You call me your superhero. If I am, I only have superpowers because of the strength and love you give me. I will be your lover, your best friend and a super daddy to our terrible twosome."

Happy tears are streaming down my face now. Just ask me the question, dammit!

"So eleven months, three days, twenty-three hours and forty-two minutes ago I started falling in love with you and this afternoon I asked your father a question, and with his permission, I can now ask you. Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife, the mother to my children, and my soul mate until we're old and gray and wrinkly in all the wrong places?"

I sit there in shock, my hand enclosed in his as his other hand reaches into his shirt pocket and pulls out a turquoise Tiffany's box with the signature white silk ribbon. He opens the box to reveal the most gorgeous ring I've ever seen, and I gasp at its beauty. A huge diamond flanked by two smaller stones, a pink diamond and a sapphire. Then it dawns on me that there is one for each child.

My hand shakes in his as I struggle to keep my composure. Time stands still as he looks at me, his eyes soft and full of love.

I've never thought about this happening to me, even when I'd fallen in love with the beautiful man kneeling in front of me. This is the kind of thing that happens to other people, never me. You read about big dramatic proposals where the woman is swept off her feet, but this is more than all of those moments put together because this is happening to me, and the man that I love more than life itself is looking at me, patiently waiting for my answer. I can see the worry in his face; he's expecting a level ten Mac freak out. Well, he's about to get the surprise of his life.

I swallow down the huge lump in my throat. "Yes," I answer, my voice quivering as another tear falls down my cheek. "Yes!" I yell, leaning forward into Daniel's waiting arms.

"Abso-fucking-lutely," I whisper against his lips as I kiss him hard. This is not a polite, public peck. No, this moment deserves more than that. This is a full on, passionate, no holds barred kiss. I pour everything I have into this kiss, leaving him no doubt as to the certainty of my answer.

I sit back in my seat as he slips the gorgeous rock on my finger. He stands and holds out his hand for me, pulling me up and enveloping me in a huge hug. The crowd around us cheers loudly as Kate suddenly appears beside us.

"Congratulations, hon."

"You ... you ... God, you were in on this, weren't you?"

She gives me a sly smile, and I pull her into our hug.

Best birthday ever!

Chapter 1: "When I Grow Up"

Mac

Are you sitting down? You'll need to be.

Brace yourself because it's still sinking in for me, and I've had a year and two kids to get used to the idea.

I, Makenna Lewis, am getting married. Wed. Hitched. Becoming someone's ball and chain. Speaking of balls, Daniel's will be in my purse for the rest of his life. Nice thought, isn't it?

Who would have thought that me, the eternal bachelorette repulsed by anything resembling an emotional commitment with a man, would meet her match.

But what a damn fine match he is.

I'm lying in bed, relishing in the deathly quiet house which, believe me, is a very rare occurrence these days.

Raking my eyes down the toned expanse of male back in front of me, I can't resist the urge to touch the warm skin that tempts me. I mean, hello? If Daniel f**king Winters was lying face down, naked as the day he was born in your bed, wouldn't you want to touch him? Do more than touch him? Exactly, I thought as much.

But hands off! He's mine!

Well, he will be in exactly fourteen days, eight hours and thirty-five minutes.

And for the next thirty minutes or so, I plan on reminding him just why he's marrying me.

One of the reasons anyway.

Propping my head up on my bent arm, I place my hand on his smooth chest and slowly run my fingers down his body, watching them rise and fall as he continues to feign sleep. Yes, I know he's awake. The fact that he's deathly quiet and his mouth is closed proves that fact. But I'll let him continue the charade for as long as he is able to because in exactly five minutes or less my mouth is going to be occupying him. And there is no way Superman can resist tangling his fingers in my hair while he watches me take his c**k in my mouth.

Slowly moving my body down the bed, I trail my hand down to his hip, my finger tracing that delectable V that all women dream to have on their men. I'm one of the lucky ones who gets that daily, nightly ... actually, whenever the twins let us. Anyway, back to the object at hand.

I decide to tease him, test his dedication to this pretend sleep business. I circle his now straining c**k with my hand, wrapping my fingers around him and stroking up and down achingly slow before releasing him and running my hand back up his abs.

"Don't you f**king dare, gorgeous," he murmurs huskily. The edge in his voice only serves to turn me on even more, so I decide it's time to invite my mouth to the party. Bending my head down, I pepper his torso with wet, open-mouthed kisses as I move the short distance down to his pelvis.

"You want me to finish this?" I whisper just before I run the point of my tongue down his entire length, taking time to kiss him around the base gently, then moving my mouth back to the head of his c**k and wrapping my lips around him.

"Fuck! Please! I f**king love your mouth."

I hum in approval as I bob my head up and down, increasing my speed as I lift my body up onto my knees beside him.

"I'm going to have to make you pay for waking me up."

I pull my mouth off him and turn my head to meet his gaze, running my tongue around the tip and watching as his head drops back against his pillow with a groan. "Making me come isn't exactly a punishment, Superman."

He reaches over and grabs my hips, swinging them over his body so my knees are positioned on either side of his head. "Didn't say how many times I'd do it, Mac. And besides, I'm starving and now I want breakfast in bed ..."

Before I can give a smart ass retort, he buries his face in my pu**y, spearing his tongue inside me as his chin rubs against my clit, the friction of his stubble sending a fantastic jolt of pleasure through me. "Holy shit."

I decide to take up the challenge, doubling my efforts as I take him deep, swallowing around him and relishing in the full body shudder it causes. Not to be outdone, I feel Daniel's hands move around to my ass and pull me impossibly close as he tilts my hips and circles my clit with the tip of his tongue before sucking it hard, thrusting two fingers inside me at the same time. Unable to take anymore, I lay my head on his thigh as I cry out his name, my orgasm wracking my body. He continues to lick and suck slowly as I come back down to earth, catching my breath and quietly whimpering in satisfaction.

Before I know what's happening, he's pushing my legs forward and sitting up behind me, his arms wrapped around my chest and his hands cupping his favorite body part, my br**sts. Suddenly I'm being lifted up as he thrusts his c**k deep inside me, causing my head to drop back onto his shoulder and a guttural moan to escape my mouth.

"Gorgeous, you're so wet. I love the feel of your pu**y wrapped around my cock, almost as good as your mouth." I tense my kegels around him and he growls in response. "Okay, better than your mouth. Much f**king better."

"Less ... talk ... more ... sex," I pant as we hit our stride, my hips dropping just as he bucks his up, pushing his impossibly hard length all the way inside me.

One of his hands teases my hard nipple while the other glides down between my legs as he frames my clit with two fingers and rubs hard, catapulting me head first into a second mind blowing orgasm. He thrusts himself to the hilt and releases inside me with a rumbling growl, my name an epitaph on his lips as he kisses my back and wraps his arms around my waist, taking me with him when he collapses back onto the bed.

"Morning, gorgeous," he mutters breathlessly. I grunt a response, my body limp from coming twice in short succession but f**k if it wasn't worth it.

"Fourteen days to go till you're officially mine, gorgeous."

"Can't wait." I turn my head and brush my lips against his before closing my eyes and relaxing against him.

Until I hear the tell-tale cry over the baby monitor.

Daniel

Walking into the twins' bedroom, I'm assaulted by an unholy stench then two matching smiles that would melt even the coldest hearts. Bless them, I couldn't ever resist these two.

I step toward Jared first as the most likely offender of the dirty diaper. "Hey, baby boy, how are you today?" I receive a garbled response around a slobbery tiny fist, and I grin as I lift him out of his crib. Doing the lift and sniff trick that only a parent is ever willing to do, I determine it is in fact Jared who dealt it. Stepping over to the change table, I set about changing him before putting him down and walking over to my princess who is patiently waiting for me to finish dealing with her brother.

Giving me a look that tells me she has suffered long and hard this morning, she states loud and proud, "Dada!" then claps excitedly. And just like that, I'm wrapped tightly around her little finger. I would hang the moon for my little girl when she greets me like that.

"Hello, beautiful girl." I hold my hands out and she mimics me, holding her arms out as well. I carry her over to the change table and change her diaper as well. I pick her up and look down to feel a tugging on my pant leg as Jared pulls himself up. With both twins in my arms, I walk down the hall to find Mac dressed and lying on top of the covers waiting for our morning tradition of family cuddles in bed.

Seeing the three most important people in my life so happy and content goes a long way to distract me from the stress in my life. It should be one of the happiest times in my life, but in all honesty, I'm a mess.

Two weeks until the wedding and life is not holding back any punches. Work is a nightmare, my mother is driving me insane with guest list changes and last minute requests, and not only is my best friend f**king my ex-girlfriend (old news,) he wants her to be his plus one. Then there is my deep-seated fear that Mac is going to bolt. I know it's irrational, especially when nothing she's done in the past eighteen months has given me any indication that she is unhappy or not committed to our future together but I remember the back and forward dance we had when we first met and part of me is waiting for the ball to drop.

Some days I still can't believe that this beautiful woman is in love with me. Don't get me wrong, I don't lack self-confidence and can ego it up with the best of them. But when it comes to Mac, I'm more sensitive than most.

That woman and those twins are my entire world. They're the reason I wake up in the morning and the reason I work my ass off to give them everything they could ever need or want. Mac doesn't have to work, but she wants to which just makes me love her even more. We're lucky that my sister lives nearby and watches the twins for us whenever we need childcare. We're more blessed than most, but I have never taken it for granted.

Which probably explains why I've been walking on eggshells as the wedding draws near. How am I supposed to tell her that Noah wants to bring Nikki to our wedding as his DATE? I already lost my shit at him. I don't care if he's screwing her because I've known for years that Noah liked Nikki. But there is no way in hell Mac wants Nikki at our wedding. What woman would? My mother succeeded in wrangling an invite for Nikki's parents because they are close family friends, but Mac and I drew the line at inviting my ex-girlfriend.

Ever since Mac saw her at the cafe with me, she's been against me having any contact with Nikki and I've had absolutely no problem with that. So what am I supposed to say to Mac? "Gorgeous, Noah wants to bring Nikki as his plus one for our wedding. Do ya mind?"

I value my balls right where they are, thank you.

I don't keep secrets from Mac. Ever. Surprises don't count. But something like this? Never in a million years. I'm not a fan of f**king up, and I don't plan on starting now. Tonight is Mac's bachelorette party tonight-and once she's recovered from her mammoth hangover that Kate has pre-warned me they all will have-then we'll sit down like rational adults and discuss Noah's request.

It'll be fine. It has to be.

There isn't any other option.

Chapter 2: "Faithfully"

Mac

I watch him from across the room, something I do more often than I care to admit.

He's in our family room with Riley and Jared as they try to team up on him. For two little eighteen-month old terrorizers, they've mastered the art of attacking their parents. Watching him horse around with them is one of the hottest and most heart-warming things I will ever see; the man I love playing with his children.

Never one to miss an opportunity, I take stock of my life as it stands right now.

I'm in love with the most gorgeous superhero in Chicago. With his caramel-colored eyes, his dark brown hair that I'm forever running my fingers through, his perpetual smirk that captured my heart before my brain could even catch on, his body ...

Shit, is it getting hot in here?

Then there are the things I love the most about him. The way he cherishes our two little menaces melts my heart on a daily basis. He is honestly the best father I could have ever chosen for my children, playful but firm, protective but open minded. The best man I have ever known other than my own father. And to sound super cheesy, it's like he was made to be with me.

He treats me with respect, he listens to what I say and everything in our lives is discussed and agreed upon. We're a true partnership, not just two people in a relationship. The only thing that I didn't have a say in was our house. That was a Daniel surprise of epic proportions. We moved in about a month before the birth of the twins. He told me we were going to visit his parents for the weekend, but I knew something was up when we started driving in a completely different direction to their house. Then we were pulling up in front of a massive, yet quite understated brick family home in the suburb of Beverly and I knew that something was amiss.

He got out of the car and rounded the hood, coming around to my side and helping me out because, let's be honest, I was fifty-nine weeks pregnant-or felt like it-and needed help getting vertical in all situations, including the toilet. Mortifying. Anyway, he put his hand in mine and walked right up to the door, pulling a key from his pocket and opening the door.

"Daniel ... what's going on?" I asked as he pulled away from me and gestured for me to enter.

"What do you think, gorgeous?" he closed the door behind us and there we were, standing in the foyer of a huge three-level house.

I took a step forward and ran my hand over the smooth wooden finish of the staircase's handrail. Turning around to look at him, my eyes were wide as saucers he would later tell me. "It's beautiful. Are we meeting a realtor here?"

He chuckled and walked toward me, placing one hand on my hip and the other on my protruding belly. "No, Mac. We don't need a realtor anymore because this is ours. Our new house. Our home. It's where we'll raise our children. The threshold I will carry you over on our wedding night and the house that I'll wake up to you in every morning, and go to sleep with you in every night."

He rubbed his hand across the curve of my stomach and that was it, I was a blubbering mess. For a good thirty minutes, Daniel sat on the stairs laughing at me as I struggled to rein in the hormones.

What did I tell you, that man is one of a kind.

And he's all mine.

Tonight is my bachelorette party. Kate says it's my last night out on the town with the girls as a single woman. I've tried to tell her that I'm not really single when I have a huge rock on my hand and a mini-me and a mini-superman at home waiting for me, but she wouldn't hear of it.

Daniel walks me to the door, wrapping his arms around my waist and pinning my body to his as soon as we reach the porch. "Should I be worried?"

I frown. "Worried about what? We're just going to Kate's to get ready and have a few drinks before the limo picks us up and drives us around for a bit. I don't think I can get into too much trouble, hon."

He offers a small smile, but I can feel the tension coursing through his body. "I'm not worried about that. Your mom and my sisters will be there. Trouble doesn't stand a chance."

I shake my head, wondering where the f**k this is coming from. He's been distracted the last few days and if he were anyone other than Daniel Winters, I'd almost believe the temperature in his feet was dropping. I'm beginning to think some reassurance is in order. Although, you'd think my offering in bed this morning would have warmed every part of his body up, not just the fun parts.

"Superman, I'm not looking for anything or anyone other than you, Riley, and Jared. You know that, right?"

That earns a tightening of his arms as he squeezes me tight. "Thank you," he murmurs roughly against my forehead as he plants a soft kiss against my skin, sending tingles throughout my body.

Always being one to make sure my message is heard loud and clear, I lift my head and move my arms up his body, capturing his groan as I claim his mouth, planting a long, satisfying and truly meaningful kiss on his lips. When his hands slide down to my ass, I wrap my legs around his waist as he lifts me up and walks backwards to pin me against the side of the house. Taking control of the kiss, he plunders my mouth, his hands massaging my ass cheeks as he rocks my core against his now hard length.

We pull our mouths apart, resting our foreheads against each other as we struggle to catch our breath. Looking him dead straight in the eyes, I pull his head back by his hair and pin him with a stare.

"YOU are who I'm coming home to. YOU are who I am marrying in two weeks' time and it's YOU who will get to enjoy the fruits of this day long celebration because it's YOU who has my body, my heart and my soul."

Not one to miss a chance to tease him, I lean forward so that my mouth is an inch away from his ear, my warm breath fanning across his skin earning a gratifying shudder. "And it's you who I want buried eight inches inside me tonight when I'm feeling drunk and freaky." Gently biting his earlobe, I release my legs and stand up straight.

When we drive away, it's a speechless superhero I leave standing on our porch with a stupid grin on his face left contemplating exactly how freaky this drunken Mac might get later on.

Mission accomplished.

Daniel

Knowing that the girls are going to be busy for the rest of the day and night, I've organized some of the guys to come over for an impromptu bachelor party at our house. My mom and dad picked up the kids just after Mac left and now I'm sitting back in our family room waiting for everyone to arrive. I'm hoping Noah arrives first so that I can give him a piece of my mind.

I loathe the fact he's put me in this position. Yes, Mac and I know that Noah and Nikki have been hooking up. And as much as Mac hates the idea, calling it 'icky' and 'incestuous,' I couldn't care less. What has pissed me off is the pulling out of the best man card to get her invited to the wedding.

Why would Nikki even want to come to the wedding? You'd think it would be slightly uncomfortable watching your ex-boyfriend pledge his love and commitment to another woman, surely?

Realizing that I can't do much about it now, I go into the kitchen and start getting the food ready before the guys arrive. Beer, snacks, sport on the big screen television and poker-everything we need for a great night in. And hopefully enough to keep my mind off a drunken Mac sex attack later on because I'm so down with that idea and I don't think the guys would appreciate my enthusiasm being shown so obviously all night.

Speaking of which, here's a little insight into the male body and psyche. Sometimes we can't control the behavior of our cocks. With Mac, one look can have me standing at attention in two seconds flat. An innocuous comment can also have the same effect. And don't get me started with the reaction she can get from making out with me on our front porch and promising drunken sex fun later on. That'll get my superhero appendage ready for launch every time. So while I may be relaxing and talking shit with my friends tonight, the freaky bedroom action I'll get to enjoy when Mac gets home will always be on my mind. I just hope I can keep the blood from heading south too soon. All the action in the world won't make the crap I'd get from the guys worth it.

I'm pulled from my thoughts with a knock at the door. Walking into the entranceway, I see Noah's ugly mug staring back at me.

"You're an ass**le," I say when I open the door to let him in.

"Hello to you too. What have I done this time?" he retorts, stepping inside.

"You mean, apart from inviting my ex to my wedding and leaving me to drop the bomb on my fiancee?" I snort.

I follow him into the kitchen where he walks to the fridge and opens it up, pulling out two Millers and holding one out to me.

"She kinda conned me into it, man. What was I to do? Nine inches deep and she does this squeeze and tighten maneuver that would bring any man to his knees." He offers me a shrug of his shoulders and a sly grin.

"Dude, don't wanna hear about that shit. I'm happy with my junk right where it is. But you know this is gonna cause trouble between Mac and me. She made her opinion on Nikki very clear a few months ago when my mom asked whether the Prestons could be invited, Nikki included. No way, no how, was that woman to be invited to our wedding. And now you pull this?"

I grab the bottle opener and pull the cap off my beer, lifting it up to my mouth and taking a long swig, loving the feel of the cool liquid traveling down my throat. I look over at Noah and level him with a knowing stare, watching as he starts to twitch, obviously feeling guilty and uncomfortable.

"Look. I'm sorry man. I don't think she'll cause any trouble. It's been years now, and she's been banging me for most of that time. You know that. And I honestly think she wants to finally take our relationship to the next step."

"You mean out of the bedroom and into daylight?" I quickly retort without thinking. Noah's wide eyes and frown immediately let me know it was not the right thing to say. "Sorry dude, you know-"

He shakes his head and averts his eyes, taking a long swig from his bottle. "It's all good, Dan. You're right. It has been casual but maybe she realizes it's time we grew up too? Why else would she ask to be my date?" I study him as he talks, not missing the small glimmer of hope in his eyes.

I've always known that Noah had a soft spot for Nikki. He never hid it from me, but when Nikki and I hooked up back in high school, Noah stepped aside and we were all just good friends. After Nikki and I broke up, then got back together, then broke up again, Noah came to me and asked whether I'd mind if he asked Nikki out on a date. It never happened but then, after his barbecue a couple of years ago when I first introduced Mac to our friends, I started to wonder if something was going on between them.

A few weeks later, Noah confirmed that he was sleeping with Nikki, nothing serious, just two friends with a mutually beneficial sexual arrangement. Mac thought it was incestuous but soon shut up when I reminded her of her past arrangements, but I wasn't fussed either way. I had stopped having feelings for Nikki a long time ago, and Noah was my best friend who had been hiding his for a long time. Who was I to stop them?

"You've put me in a tough spot, Taylor. Mac is gonna hit the roof when I tell her."

"Do you have to tell her? Can't we just turn up on the day and say surprise?" he asks sheepishly, knowing very well that would just make matters worse.

Slamming my beer bottle down on the kitchen counter, I glare at him. "Fuck, man. Do you want to ruin my life or something? Mac would have a level ten freak out then f**k off and leave me standing at the altar looking like an idiot. Hell, I would be an idiot to even contemplate letting you do that. So stop trying to get out of this. You want Nikki there, you'll be the one to tell Mac the next time you see her. Deal?"

He swallows hard. The wrath of Makenna Lewis bearing down on you is a scary thing. "Shit, Dan. Really?" His eyes plead for me to step up for him, but to be honest, FUCK THAT!

I pick up my beer, downing the rest of the bottle with a smile on my lips. "Yep. And I'm gonna be right there with you, watching her rip you to shreds. It'll almost be worth the collateral damage I'll suffer."

The doorbell rings again and I shoot a shit eating grin to Noah before turning toward the door and greeting the rest of the guys.

Let the fun begin.

Chapter 3: "Last Friday Night"

Mac

"Superman, I'm-" Hiccup. "I'm in a limo with-" Hiccup. "Kate and Sophie and Melinda and Sam and Zoe are all here too. I'm having SO much fun."

My voice is whiny and high pitched and I'm so freaking drunk I can't tell which way is up, or down for that matter. Or maybe I'm sideways. Meh, who cares. Drunk is good. Drunk is freaking awesome!

I hear him chuckle down the phone, that same low baritone laugh that gives me tingles on my tingles. Sheesh, is it hot in here?

"We're driving by the lake, heading toward Michigan Avenue. The girls wanted to go to Throb, but I said no-" Hiccup. "'Cause no men allowed tonight and that's Sean's place and I'm not going there 'cause I'd think about dirty dancing with you and then I'd get horny." I turn my head against the seat and cup my hand around the phone, whispering loudly, "Hornier than ever, Superman. God, I love you. Do you know that? You know that, right?"

I'm slurring now, but the smile on my drunken ass face is so big and bright, I'm surprised the car is still dark. I giggle to myself, the image of Soldier Field being lit up by my cheesy grin. Think of the reduced electric bill. I'd be doing the world a favor.

"Gorgeous, you there?" he asks with a laugh.

"Always here for you. Hey, remember last night when I woke you up with my-"

"Makenna Lewis, you kiss my grandchildren with that mouth?" My mother scolds from the seat opposite me. I glance at her, snorting out loud at her attempt to keep a straight face. The corners of her mouth twitch as she struggles to appear stern and serious.

"Yep," I announce proudly as I try to sit up straight and fail spectacularly, sliding off the smooth, black leather seats and landing with a thump on my ass, meeting the floor with my legs askew and my skirt around my waist, flashing the group my bright red lace thong.

"Shit," I mutter as the women gasp in shock before roaring with laughter at my drunken misfortune.

"Mac, what did you do?" Daniel calls out desperately into my ear.

"I ..." I struggle to talk as I get the giggles and can no longer control myself, legs included it seems. I brush my skirt down and pull myself back up onto the seat. "I'm so drunk I don't care," I say to both him and the rest of the vehicle.

"Sounds like you're having a good time, hon. Enjoy your night, and remember the promise you made. No trouble and lots of messy drunken sex when you roll in the door later."

My body heats up, my mind full of sexy ideas and finger vault images of Daniel's naked body. Down girl!

"God!" I moan. "Why did you have to bring that up right now? Turn the car around, I have sexing to do!" I announce loudly.

"Gorgeous, I'll let you go." His voice is low now, full of need and unspoken desire. "But remember the dirty thoughts going through your head right now so you can reenact them when you're here in front of me."

Ladies, I've hit the motherfucking jackpot with this man.

"I love you. Sex you later!" I declare before pulling the phone away from my ear and fumbling with the buttons to end the call.

"Jesus, Mac! How many shots did you have at home?" Kate asks with an intoxicated grin.

"Not enough! Driver! Off to the Pink Monkey place, we go! Half naked men to perv on and more alcamahol to consume."

A good while later, our night is drawing to a close. It's been a night of numerous shots, loud and rambunctious toasts from Sophie, Zoe (Zander's sister), my mom (yes, THAT was as horrifying as you can imagine) and now Kate is on her feet, swaying slightly and holding on to the table for dear life as she prepares to give her own spiel.

"Shh, shh! Let me get this out while I can still stand up," she announces with a giggle. Looking down, she tilts her head and studies me. I can see her eyes glaze over and I know she's struggling to hold back the tears.

"A few years ago, I remember you coming home one night and fanning yourself stupid over this 'smoking hot volcano of fine' you'd met on the train. He was hot, he had dimples, and for the first time in a long time, you were genuinely swooning over a man."

She sighs and looks at my mom. "Sorry, Mrs Lewis, block your ears for this. Then I dared you to close up shop for three dates and wait until you sealed the deal. I hoped that this would give Delicious Daniel a chance to win you over and open your heart to more than just sex with the terrific three."

The group sniggers before the table erupts with laughter. I look over at Samantha, Sean's fiancee, and breathe a sigh of relief when I see her laughing along with everyone else. Phew! That could have been awkward, although going by what Kate told me of Sean and Sam's dinner party a few weeks ago, maybe the awkward train had already passed the station. I mean, who wants to learn that your cop partner and your fiancee had been sleeping with the same person, i.e. ME, at the same point in time (but separately ... I mean ... never a threesome or foursome scenario ... I wasn't that much of a dirty skank back then. Well, maybe, there was this one time when ...

NOPE, not me.

ANYWAY ...

Kate lifts her glass of wine to her mouth, taking a sip before cradling the glass to her chest. Then the drunken tart (love her dearly) continues. "Well, f**k a duck if you didn't stay true and hold out for the whole three dates. Even getting through the food sex with the tiramisu and holding out long enough to at least get behind closed doors before getting your freak on."

There are a few sniggers around the table, but most of them are riveted as Kate retells the history of me and Superman. "Through the good times and the bad, the happy times and the sad, the running away and the coming back, meeting the in-laws and the added bonus of twins, not once have I doubted that Daniel was the one for you. And I know that deep down, you haven't either. So, raise your glasses to the woman I love more than life itself, who will forever have one penis to play with for the rest of her days, we hope you've had a memorable last night of freedom. Now ..."

She looks over at Sophie beside me. I follow her gaze and turn to watch as Sophie bends down and pulls a bag from underneath the table. "Us girls decided you needed a bachelorette goodie bag to celebrate with." I snatch it from Sophie and open it up, snapping it shut just as fast as my face heats up beyond compare. I look up at Kate, who smirks down at me and winks, holding her glass out in front of her. "To Mac and Superman. May he continue to bless her heart and her vagina with love and never-ending orgasms."

The rest of the table stand and repeat her cheer, loudly, making me groan with embarrassment and grabbing my own glass, downing the rest of my Sex On The Beach in one go before holding my glass up and whooping loudly for the whole club to hear. I stand up and sway as I hold on to my bag of goodies tightly beside me.

"Now, I must return to my superhero. There are toys to be played with and orgasms to be had."

Daniel

I'm sitting at a table in my back yard with the guys. We've watched the game and now we're out in the backyard enjoying a great meal courtesy of Noah's grilling skills. As my best man, he's taken charge of the evening but has so far respected my wish to have a quiet night with my friends. No strippers, no stupid dares and definitely no handcuffing me to a lamp post and leaving me stranded with a phone number written on my ass.

Going around the table there are Thomas and Cade, my two college buddies, Dave, my childhood friend, and Matt, Noah's brother. The only person not here is Zander and that's because he's working an extra stint at the precinct, building up some extra money for his upcoming wedding to Kate.

"Hey, Winters. You looking forward to being hitched?" Cade pipes up. We met at the beginning of freshman year and after graduation, he got an internship at the same firm as me back home in Chicago. We've worked together ever since.

"Been waiting a long time for this. We've done everything else, this is the last step," I reply with a smile. The wait has been worth it though, so damn worth it.

"You're just looking forward to having sex on tap," Noah pipes up from the opposite end of the table, giving me a knowing smirk.

Not missing a beat I reply instantly, "Already got that, buddy. A piece of paper isn't gonna change that." Fuck no, Mac wants it more than ever; twin dependent, of course.

"Just keep her away from that wedding cake. You know what they say, one bite of wedding cake and the sex dries up. Just saying." Dave laughs which starts the rest of us off.

I raise an eyebrow. "Hold up, Dave, you're the only married one in the group. Shouldn't you be on my side?"

That just makes him laugh louder. "Dude, you have no idea. Haven't you heard of the four rings of marriage. Engagement ring, wedding ring, suffer-ing and endure-ing." That makes the entire table erupt in laughter again.

"Fuck that!" Matt announces loudly. "I'm happy being single and carefree. I tell you, last night I went home with a perfect ten." That grabs everyone's attention.

"How was she?" Noah asks with renewed interest, leaning forward and resting his elbows on the table. Those Taylor boys are like two peas in a pod; perpetual bachelors with no interest in settling down. Or that's what I thought until Noah told me otherwise.

"Man, it was all good until we got back to hers and the clothes started coming off. I did the old scratch and sniff test and f**k, man, that girl dropped five points then and there." He screws his face up in disgust, earning a snigger from around the table.

I choke on my drink mid gulp. "Did you say scratch and sniff? Dude, what are you? Eighteen?"

He turns toward me and smirks, "Oh c'mon, Dan. Don't tell me you've never done it? It's the skank test. You've gotta check her out down below before you check. her. out." I look at him in disbelief then spare a glance at Noah, who just rolls his eyes at me as he shakes his head at his younger sibling.

"So you left then?" Thomas asks.

"Fuck, no. I did the smart thing and suggested we have a shower together first. It killed two birds with one stone. Well, a bar of soap and my big c**k solved the problem, anyway. Twenty minutes and a blow job later, she was clean and ready to go for round two. Let me tell you, good job I stayed too. She was a total freak in the sack. Definitely worth the extra effort."

Noah just shakes his head and gives me a knowing look. I know Noah's past, but Matt takes the cake for unbelievable hook-up stories, hands down.

Noah leans toward Matt and gives him a playful slap on the back of the head. "Dude, you sure we're related cause there ain't no way I'd ever do the scratch and sniff maneuver once I had the girl at her place. There's a time and place for that, little bro, and you totally f**ked it up."

"I still got laid, didn't I? And besides, she had no f**king clue. I even left her my number for a call back." He leans back in his chair and crosses his legs, looking proud as punch.

"Maybe you're running out of options," Cade pipes up.

That causes Matt to scoff. "Fuck off, Cade. When was the last time you got laid, huh?"

"A gentleman never screws and tells," Cade replies with a grin.

"A gentleman who isn't getting screwed has nothing to tell," Matt retorts which earns a chuckle from the rest of the table as Cade flicks a bottle cap right at Matt's head.

Thomas lifts his chin to Noah, "Taylor, you need to teach your brother the ways of the world. Never leave a woman unsatisfied and for God's sake, you never do scratch and sniff test. It's a miracle you get laid at all, Matt."

"Don't hate the player, Tom. This girl might even be worth the effort. Was thinking of sending her a spa voucher. Seriously, she needs to be taught about the beauty of the Brazilian. Free waxing for women. I tell ya, the Mayor should put that on his ticket. He'd win all the votes, men and women alike."

"I like the racing stripe. Leads the way to heaven," Cade muses.

"Nope, bare and clear is the only way to go. Speaking of which, what's with that scruff on your chin, brother?" Matt asks, directing the table's attention to Noah's newly grown goatee. It's very short and tidy but definitely a newer, more mature look for my best friend. Mac commented on it the other week, telling him it looked hot. I made her make it up to me on her knees later that night.

I sit back and listen while the guys chat back and forth and the topic shifts from facial hair to football, back to sex, and then full circle again.

This is exactly what I wanted my bachelor party to be; a relaxed night with my closest friends. Feeling my phone vibrate in my pocket, I pull it out and smile when I see Mac's name pop up on the screen.

Mac: You better be ready for some freaky Mac-robatic sexing Mr. Winters. I have a goodie bag of naughty treats waiting to be played with.

That little tease. First she gets me worked up on the doorstep and leaves me at half-mast most of the night, then she rings from the limo and sounds adorably drunk, reminding me of yesterday morning when she woke me up with her hot mouth on my cock, and now all I can think of is what kind of toys are in this goodie bag of hers.

Deciding to give her a taste of her own medicine, I type a reply.

Daniel: I look forward to testing them out on you. I think there will be a very thorough and exhaustive evaluation of these goodies.

Mac: Promises, promises, Superman.

Daniel: You should know by now that I never make a promise I don't keep.

Mac: And I'm so drunk I'll let you have your wicked way with me any way ... anywhere. ... anyhow ...

Fuck!

Daniel: Freaky acrobatic sexing will just be the start. We have all night and all day tomorrow kid-free. Prepare to be worn out and walking funny.

Mac: Will shower head Daniel be involved? We wouldn't want him to be left out ...

Daniel: Grr, you won't need anything other than me and my c**k pounding into you.

Mac: Fuck, I'm wet. I'm gonna hop in a cab and come home now. I want you.

Daniel: I'm hard and waiting ...

Mac: Dammit. You win.

Daniel: I never strive for gold, gorgeous. I always want silver, that way you'll always come first ;)

Mac: Holy mother of God. Kill me now.

That's it. Time for the guys to go. I need them gone by the time she gets home. Drunken Mac-robatic sexing takes priority each and every time.

Chapter 4: "Wild Wild Love"

Mac

As soon as the cab pulls into our driveway, I look to the front porch and see Daniel leaning against the front door looking as delicious as ever. As he walks toward me, I see he's wearing a pair of loose-fitting gray sweats and a long-sleeved black Henley. Damn, the things that man does to me without even touching should be illegal.

I'm riveted and distracted as he walks around to the driver's window and hands him the money to pay my fare before he walks back around and opens my door. Clutching my bag of dirty fun in one hand and my purse in the other, I look up at him in awe as he stands there with his hand out and a perceptive grin.

"C'mon, gorgeous. Time to come inside."

"Thought that was your job," I say, forgetting that I'm sitting inside the cab and within earshot of the driver.

Daniel laughs before grabbing my hand and helping me to my very shaky feet, causing me to reach out and grab his biceps. "Shit," I mutter under my breath as I'm gently moved sideways so that he can shut the car door behind me.

With a double tap on the roof of the cab, he bends slightly before scooping me up into his arms, one wrapped around my shoulders and the other underneath my knees. "Whoa, Superman. Pulling out all the stops?" I lean forward so that my mouth is right by his ear. "You do know I'm a sure thing tonight, right?"

He lets out a husky laugh and my nether regions quiver at the sound. Hell, our neighbors won't mind if I jump my fiance right here in the front yard will they? Old Mrs. Brayden across the street probably needs a thrill. Her girl parts will have been out of order for years now.

"Mac, you just shuddered. Where did your mind just go?"

I shake my head, trying to rid the thought of barren deserts and cobwebs from my brain. "Ah, nowhere. Now, hurry up and get me inside. I have naked things to do to you."

He effortlessly carries me up the three front steps and through the front door, slamming it shut behind us with a short, sharp kick before continuing up the staircase toward our bedroom.

"Shit, the munchkins. Where are they?"

Tilting his head down toward me, his eyes dance with amusement, obviously at my expense but I can't work out why. "Exactly how drunk are you, Mac? Legless, 'looming threat of being vomited on' drunk or 'thrill-seeking, sexy uninhibited' drunk? Because I'm worried at the fact you've forgotten our children are at my parents' for the night."

I cover my mouth and start giggling, whacking him in the face with the sack of sexy stuff in the process. "Fuck," he mutters as he walks into our bedroom and stops as he reaches the bed, slowly lowering me before standing up.

Looking down at me, he grins as he takes in my now indecent dress and my hands holding on tight to my purse and dirty bag of tricks. "I don't know where to start," he notes.

"How about with your penis in my mouth?" I whisper as I take in his beautiful, slightly hazy face. Give me a break, Kate was plying me with drinks all night.

He chuckles, before leaning down and easing my purse out of my hand gently then putting it on the nightstand. He moves to the treasure trove of deviance but stops when I growl up at him. He freezes and turns his head to look me dead straight in the eye. "Was that a growl?" he asks incredulously.

"Mine," I say childishly before lying back, giggling when I try to hold it out of his reach.

Without warning he's lying on top of me, pushing me into the mattress with his full weight and ripping the gifts of delight out of my hands. With a lifting of my hips against his growing hardness, I moan loudly and without a care in the world as he throws the bag off the bed and places his elbows on either side of my head, resting his head in his hands as he looks down at me hungrily.

"Fuck, you're beautiful," he murmurs before lowering his mouth and softly kissing my lips, his tongue tracing the outline of my mouth before making its way inside to seek mine. If this is his form of torture, then I will willingly give myself up to him. This man owns me body, heart and soul and with kisses like this, when he slowly and surely claims every part of my mouth, he's proving just how much he knows it.

I moan into his mouth which just seems to spur him on, and soon we're all hands and thrusts as I tangle my fingers into his hair, marveling at how soft the strands feel against my skin. He suddenly pushes himself off me, standing in front of me with his arms out. Unable to resist, I look down and grin at his tented sweats. I prop myself up on my elbows and slowly peruse his body until my eyes meet his.

"You sure you want to stop, Superman? Because it seems that one of your super parts has other ideas."

He snorts and smiles before snaking his hands around my chest and pulling me up against him, pushing said hard super part against me. "I can wait. What I really want is you, naked, and on your knees. Isn't that what you promised this afternoon?" His voice is low and gravelly, giving away just how turned on he is. It's one thing that I've marveled at the longer we've been together. The little nuances you learn about your significant other as more time passes. Like how Daniel loves, and I mean loves, morning head, how his voice drops an octave when something really affects him, and how a thorough and spine-tingling kiss from me can make any annoyance he might have melt away. Right now, he's horny as f**k and a rabid Daniel is hot as hell.

Time to poke the bear.

"I did promise you that didn't I?" I take a shaky step sideways, spinning his body around as I move around him. Stopping when his back is to the bed, I cup his jaw and gently lick his lips, dragging my hands down his chest to his sweats and easing a hand underneath the waistband, gasping in delight when I feel skin and nothing else. His fingers dig into my hips as I find my favorite super part.

Superman came prepared I see.

Thrusting into my hand as I tighten my grip around his girth, I stroke up and down his hard as steel cock, matching the rhythm of my tongue as it rolls against his, our mouths fused together in a battle for supremacy.

"So f**king hot," he murmurs against my lips as his hands trail back to cup my ass.

"Yes, you are," I reply back as I pull my hand out of his pants and push them down. "I need you naked. Now."

"Not gonna say no, gorgeous. But I need you naked too, especially if we're gonna have crazy monkey sex."

"Hmm, mac-robatics and monkey sex. Things could get messy."

"Messy is good. Messy is fun. Messy means we'll be too tired and worn out to give a shit."

"Exactly," I say before pulling my dress up my body and over my head. He quickly moves to copy me, reaching behind his neck and pulling off his tee in one clean swoop before opening his eyes to find me standing before him in nothing but a hot pink bra and panty set.

"Damn," he says to the roof. "Thank you, God."

"I think you should be thanking Victoria's Secret, not God, but we'll go with it." I wink as I reach behind my back and try to undo my bra, struggling to look sexy as I struggle with the clasp.

Daniel cups his hands on my shoulders and turns me, moving my hands out of the way and expertly removing my bra, trailing his hands down my bare arms as he moves the straps out of the way. I tremble under his touch as he lowers his mouth to my neck and sucks my skin lightly, soothing the slight sting away with his tongue and sending waves of pleasure straight to my hoo-ha.

"And the panties ... shall I help you with those too?"

"Fuck yes, especially if you're going to pay my ass the same treatment as my neck."

"That can be arranged."

He does as requested and just as before, my hoo-ha receives the same very welcome messages. Gently grazing his teeth against my ass cheek while he drags my lace panties down my legs, he trails his fingers back up the inside of my calves and then my thighs. Brushing over my slit, he gently parts me and finding my clit before lazily stroking me until I'm a squirming, panting mess.

"Wasn't I supposed to be on my knees?"

"You were, weren't you? I think I like this just as much, but as you wish." With one last hard bite of my ass, making me yelp in shock, he stands up in front of me, hands up in surrender. "I'm all yours, gorgeous."

I smirk. "That you are. Now, I think you need to lie down." I lift my hands to his shoulders and shove him firmly, watching him fall on his back onto the mattress, his legs spread either side of mine as I stand between them, looking down as his c**k jerks in response.

Lowering myself to my knees, I look up at him as he lifts his head and watches me through heat filled eyes. I lean forward and lick a trail from balls to tip, circling the head before repeating the torturous journey, for both me and him, back down again. The groan I hear lets me know he's feeling this just as much as I am.

Not breaking eye contact, I roll the head of his c**k around my tongue, wrapping my lips around him as I suck firmly, then release him, smacking my wet lips together. "You know, this reminds me of the first night we had sex."

"Really? I remember that night very well. You were just as hot and just as talented with your mouth."

"Was I?" I ask as I dip my mouth and take his full length into my mouth, feeling him at the back of my throat before pulling back again.

"Oh f**k, yes ... I thought I'd come so f**king ... fast with you sucking me off and playing with yourself ... God ... took all my self-control to stop long enough to bury myself inside you ..." His words heat my body like wildfire, his voice so f**king sexy I'm thinking of fast-forwarding past foreplay and diving straight into the monkey sex part of the evening.

But before I can contemplate my next action, I'm whipped back up on my feet and gently pushed backwards by the shoulders, landing with a soft thud on the bed. With the grace of an Olympic high diver and the desperation of a dog in heat, Daniel falls face-first between my legs, his mouth latching onto my pu**y like a sex-starved man (and we all know that he may be many things, but Superman is not deprived by any stretch of the imagination.)

Soon enough, in a speed that only Daniel plus copious amounts of alcohol can ensure, I'm screaming out praise to the good Lord above as I experience one of the BEST drunken orgasms known to man (or in this case, woman). I kid you not, I see stars, colors, and feel my entire body levitate all at once, and that was just the first climax. As he tends to do, Daniel doesn't ease up on his worshipping of my snatch. He invites his fingers to the party, and when combined with his lips wrapped around my clit and the scraping of his teeth against my skin, I scream out again, my head spinning and twirling like a possessed woman overdosing on Viagra.

"Fuck. Me," I say, my boneless body lying splayed, sated and soft on the bed.

"Gladly," Daniel says hoarsely as he suddenly appears over and above me, plunging his c**k inside of me in one hard jolt, causing my head to lift suddenly, connecting with his top jaw and the unmistakable sound of

1) A formerly perfect smile.

2) My forehead as it meets the aforementioned perfect smile.

3) My dreams of having the world's prettiest wedding photos crashing down to Earth with a huge nuclear bang.

Chapter 5: "Happy"

Daniel

"Daddy has a boo boo, Riley," I say to my overly inquisitive daughter as she admires the healing cut on my lip, and wouldn't you know it, she melts my heart by leaning forward from her favorite perch on my lap and placing a sloppy, yet thankfully soft, kiss on my lips. Sitting back on her butt, she gives me a huge toothy smile and claps her hands in glee before clambering down onto the floor of the living room and toddling off to sit beside her brother who is playing with his wooden truck and blocks on the floor in front of us.

It's now Saturday, a week before the wedding. A week after the orgasm from heaven that turned into the orgasm from hell. Mac's hard head meeting my teeth and jaw, resulting in a broken front tooth and a cracked counterpart. Two porcelain veneers and a shit load of money later, my smile is as good as new.

The resulting cut on my bottom lip didn't require stitches, but it was swollen as f**k until a few days ago. I'm just lucky I could check in with the dentist straight away to repair the damage of what we now refer to as the 'drunken sexing' incident. There should be a warning on liquor bottles. 'Drink and screw at your own peril.' At least it was a fun, if not extremely painful, experience.

I lean back and turn the television up, scanning through the channels until I find the baseball game replay.

Mac is at her final dress fitting with our moms and Kate. As her stress levels increase, I keep having to remind myself that there is just one week to go until we can return to our previous stress-free existence. Well, relatively stress free. Fittings, tastings, venue visits and last minute checks and both of our families are a mixture of excited and exhausted.

What I'm most looking forward to is having Mac all to myself afterwards. Our honeymoon in Cabo San Lucas, sans kids, is going to be one of the highlights of our year. I love Jared and Riley to the moon and back, but those two kids are the world's best c**k blockers. But even beyond that, away from Chicago, just the two of us, we're going to be starting the next part of our lives. The part where Mac knows beyond a shadow of a doubt that I'm hers for life, and vice versa.

And let's face it, Mac in a bikini in the hot Mexican sun, or better still, not wearing anything at all for seven days, total and unadulterated bliss.

I just hope I survive long enough to make it to my wedding.

Speaking of which, I pick up my phone and dial Noah's number. "Hey, Taylor."

"Hey, is there some best man duty I missed out on?"

I chuckle. Surprisingly, Noah has taken his role very seriously since I asked him. My brother is overseas, and the last update we had was that he was stuck in New Zealand, so Noah was the obvious choice.

"You're fine. Well, you won't be soon. You need to tell Mac, Noah."

There's an awkward silence over the phone filled with guilt and foreboding. "Uh, yeah. You sure you want me to do that?"

"If you want Nikki at the wedding as your plus one, you have to tell Mac. I'm not causing a shit storm a week before my wedding with my future wife who is well overdue for a freakout."

"But they're so entertaining," he comments offhandedly.

"Taylor," I growl. "You need to call her and make sure she's okay with it. 'Cause if you don't, and she gets pissed off when you turn up to the wedding with my ex-girlfriend, you'll be answering to me. Nothing, and I mean nothing will ruin what should be the best day of Mac's life. She deserves this. She's earned this. If she's not happy, I'm not happy."

"Yeah, yeah. I get it, man. I'll call her once I get off shift. A few hours tops."

"You better. You remember you've gotta go pick up our suits this week, right?"

"Yep. All organized. Rings, Suit, beer. We'll be sweet for Saturday. You nervous? Cold feet?"

"Nope. They're tropical. But fix this with Mac if you want there to be a wedding."

"Fuck, man. You're starting to sound like a chick."

"Whatever. See you Friday at the dinner, if you're still alive that is." I end the call, taking a deep breath to steady my nerves.

If anything, at least my day is about to get interesting.

Mac

Two glasses of wine, and half an hour standing like a plastic mannequin being poked and prodded by the dressmaker as I have my final dress fitting, and you'd think I'd be agitated. But I'm not. I'm on cloud f**king nine.

With the moms and Kate, we've had the trial run for our hair, a boozy lunch, and now our final dress fittings for the 'wedding of the year' as my mother-in-law is calling it. I'm relaxed, happy to be sharing this experience with the three important women in my life, and wishing the next week to fly by.

Everything is arranged: the church, the reception, the rehearsal dinner, the flowers, the cake, the ceremony, the suits, the kids, and finally, my dress.

"Where's my bra?" Kate shrieks from the dressing room at the back of the shop.

"You can't wear a bra with your dress. When we changed the straps you had a VBL, so we decided you had to go without."

"Where was I when this happened?"

"Probably drunk," I mutter under my breath.

"I heard that!"

"I know. I wanted you too!" I retort with a smirk.

"What's a VBL?" Daniel's mother Jenny asks, her face perplexed. "I've heard of a lot of things, especially with Makenna as a daughter in law, but never VBL."

My mom, bless her cotton socks, leans over the couch and places her hand on Jenny's forearm. "Visible breast line."

"Bra line, mom. Bra line. No one says br**sts anymore. Boobs, jugs, tits, knockers, sweater puppies, hooters, the twins, traffic lights, bazoongas. Boobs, mom." A lifetime of freakouts has made me an expert of holding my breath and speaking quickly.

The moms start hooting with laughter, and Kate and I join them. I realize how ridiculous my rant sounded. Anyone would think we were a bunch of giggling teenage girls laughing about boys.

"Turn around, Makenna," instructs the dressmaker. I spin around and freeze in place as I see the whole package in the floor to ceiling mirror.

The whole damn package.

Dress, hair, everything. Holy f**k, I'm getting married.

My eyes go wide as I catch Kate's face behind me. Her eyes glisten with tears as she covers her mouth with her hand and just stares at me. It's a look of shock and awe. Worried that something is wrong with me, I look at the moms who are both dabbing their eyes with handkerchiefs that I didn't know middle-aged women even carried around anymore.

"What?" I ask, anxious as hell, unable to tear my eyes away from the sight in front of me.

"Breathtaking," Jenny whispers hoarsely, her voice tight with emotion.

"Exquisite," my mom spits out through her tears.

I lock eyes with Kate, not needing words to tell her how I'm feeling and what I need in that moment. "Hon, you are the most beautiful bride I've ever seen."

I can't hold back a grin as I slowly run my hands over the satin-smooth, built in corset of my dress, down to my hips. I gently move my hips side to side, watching the gentle sway of the material in amazement. If ever I was to have a dream wedding dress, a childhood fantasy of what I would look like as one of those saccharine-sweet Barbie brides we all thought we'd become, this wouldn't be it.

It's one hundred times better.

The dress has short, capped organza sleeves, designed to un-sluttify the built in satin-boned corset that frames my torso (and my sweater puppies) with a silk ribboned lace-up back which leads into a floor-length sweeping satin skirt that kisses the floor and unfortunately hides the to die for silver glitter lattice sandals. Their six inch heel lifts me up to match Daniel's six foot two inch heights.

"No freakout," I whisper as I look at Kate once more. My best friend who has always been there for me. Through thick and thin, through my slutdom and my realization that the man I'm about to marry was the one.

"No more freakouts, babe. You're stunning and you're getting married!" she declares on a shriek which sparks the moms to life.

As I stand there, frozen in place in front of the mirror with my best friend and my moms mulling around me, I know that this was where I was meant to end up.

And my superhero and gorgeous mini mes waiting at home for me are my rewards.

Chapter 6: "Be Okay"

Mac

"This is some pre-wedding joke right?" I let out a laugh, shocked at Noah's request.

"Uh ... what do you mean?"

"You're not really trying to get me to agree to my ex-fuck buddy bringing my future husband's bitch of an ex-girlfriend to my dinner, right?" I shake my head as I start pacing my kitchen.

"I'd really appreciate it, Mac." Noah's voice sounds tight, not at all like his normal, confident self.

"Really? Of all the women in Chicago you could wanna bring, why Nikki?" I've had a few wines tonight, so I'm beyond censorship (or caring) at this point. I lean back with my butt against the counter as I reach out with my spare hand and top up my glass with wine.

"It's always been her, Mac. There's just something there, I know it. I needed to try. She said she'd like to attend the wedding as my partner, and there was this look in her eye that just-"

"What the f**k, Noah? Where is the walking dildo who would never get sucked in by a blond-haired nasty succubus? You know she's tried every which way to wrangle an invite to our wedding. Maybe she thinks it'll be her last chance at some lame attempt to save Daniel from my clutches. Fuck knows. Fuck cares at this point. Seriously, Noah, bring her. I'm marrying Superman come hell or high water and no ex-girlfriend with a grudge will be able to stop that."

"Are you sure?" I can't help but feel something resembling sympathy when I hear the hopeful lilt in his voice. Noah is many things, reformed man-whore and walking dildo notwithstanding, but he has always been a great guy and an awesome friend. He was there when I found out I was pregnant, and yes, he may have also made the dick-move of inadvertently telling Daniel that I was knocked up, but he's a good guy. And if this is something he truly wants, then surely it can't hurt to let bygones be bygones and let the she-bitch from hell come to my wedding.

Hell, at least she can get jealous at how drop dead gorgeous I'm gonna look in my kick-ass wedding dress, and I can't say I won't get some sick enjoyment out of knowing that she'll be watching Daniel vow to spend the rest of his life with me.

Hey, I'm still a girl. We all have our quirks. Me, I want my husband-to-be's ex-girlfriend to see that he's mine and only mine, once and for all. She may have Daniel and Noah fooled, but I know what women like her are like.

"Yep. You have my permission to invite Nikki to the wedding."

"You're awesome, Mac. You know that?"

"I may have been told that in my time." He chuckles down the phone and I can't help but grin back as I see Daniel walk into the room and stop a safe distance away from me, his body language giving away his wariness.

"Okay, babe, I'm gonna go and tell Daniel the fantastic news," I reply, my voice saccharine sweet while I refuse to unlock my gaze from my superhero.

"See you Friday, Mac."

I cooly place my phone on the kitchen counter, then stand there and study Daniel because, right now, the 'oh f**k' look on his face makes me wonder if he already knew about Noah's request. And if so, I wonder how long he's known about it.

I'm flabbergasted. For all his superhero abilities (and believe me, Daniel has a LOT of them) you'd be shocked to know that he has his flaws too. Don't get me wrong, they are few and far between, and often show themselves at the most inopportune times. Like randomly forgetting to put the toilet seat down in the master bathroom and my bleary-eyed ass threatening to hit water after a rather arduous middle of the night feeding-that was a fun one! And now it seems he's just revealed one more. The inability to say no to his best friend when he wants to invite the she-devil herself to our wedding.

Actually, she-devil is being nice to the female spawn of Satan. No, Nasty Nikki is a devious slapper who is so deep in denial that she has a shit show in hell of ever being with my Daniel again that she still, more than two years after meeting me, hasn't accepted the fact that I am the one marrying Daniel.

I live with him, I wear his over the top but totally gorgeous ring on my finger, and I am the mother to his two mini-superheroes in training. Forgive me for being possessive, but dammit, he's mine. I could handle the frequent text messages and random, sometimes inopportune phone calls just to say hi, especially since Daniel has always made it clear, in his words and actions, that I am the only woman for him, till death do us part, forever and ever, Amen.

You get the picture.

But there is something about that woman that has irked me from day one. The snide looks, that infuriating and heartbreaking hand touch in the cafe when I was being stupid and trying to fool myself into thinking that I couldn't be with Daniel, and now this.

I go to open my mouth, but he beats me to it. "Gorgeous, you have nothing to worry about."

Lesson number one to all males out there. Never, ever tell a bride who is straddling the line between insanity and being mildly unamused that she has 'nothing to worry about.' It's like taking away all the chocolate and Midol when she's got her period.

In short, don't do it unless you have a death wish.

I slowly place my spare hand on my hip, moving into that stance. You know, the one that says you mean business and that most smart men know means that they've f**ked up, and bad. Lifting my glass to my mouth, I take a slow, measured sip as I will myself down from level ten to level five or at least something close. Not once do I take my eyes off Daniel, who is literally leaning his ass up against the back of the couch, visibly squirming under my damning gaze.

I put the glass back down and take a deep breath. When I'm confident that the imminent threat of a Mac nuclear meltdown has passed, I plaster a sickly sweet smile on my face to lull him into a false sense of security before moving toward him.

He's standing straight, waiting for the expected onslaught by the time I cross the room. Wrapping my arms around his neck, I move forward until my body is flush with his. He visibly relaxes, his previously squared defensive shoulders loosening underneath my touch. Our eyes never leave each other and as I gaze up into his beautiful, yet clearly mistaken orbs, my smile beams even brighter.

"It's okay, Danny Boy," I murmur as I glide my fingers into his hair at the back of his head, further deepening the illusion that everything is perfectly fine. Because let's be honest, it's a woman's prerogative to twist a situation around to suit herself, especially if it means we get to keep the men folk on their toes. This is something Kate and I have learned very well over the past few years. "But since Nikki is now coming to the wedding, our guest list is a bit uneven. Lucky for us, I have a perfect solution for that ..."

"Mmm?" His hands glide up and down either side of my body, running from my upper back all the way down to my ass as I feel him harden against my front. Daniel's hair is his kryptonite, whisper soft or early baldness-inducing hard, my hands and fingers running through his hair get him going every single time. "What's that?" His voice trails off and I can tell he's totally distracted by my unapologetic and shameless use of my charms. Seriously, girls, you've gotta use what your mama gave you and now I know I've got him right where I want him.

I lean forward and gently brush my lips against his, slowly deepening the kiss as he opens his mouth and his delicious (and very talented) tongue joins the party. Soon it's turned ravenous as his hands start wandering, and I know I've got him. I pull back and look at him before giving him one last peck then loosening my grip and stepping back, shrugging my shoulders.

"It just means that Sean can come now. I'll call him tomorrow." And with that, I spin on my heels and stride back to the kitchen, grabbing my wine glass and my Kindle and striding down the corridor toward our bedroom and the master bath, where there is a steaming hot, scented bubble bath with my name on it.

The responding growl I hear coming from behind me is almost payback enough.

Mac 1, Devious Dan 0.

Chapter 7: "This Is How We Roll"

Daniel

After a quick run through of the ceremony at the church with the wedding party and the parents this afternoon, Mac, Riley, Jared and I are now standing on the sidewalk outside the restaurant.

Mac and I chose Spinelli's for the rehearsal dinner for two reasons. It was where we had our third date, the date that 'sealed the deal,' and it still remains our favorite Italian restaurant in Chicago. The fact that Kate and Mac get to have their favorite dessert is just an added bonus.

With Jared on my hip, I open the door for my girls and usher them inside, not surprised when we see Dad waiting for us just inside the entrance. He steps forward and kisses Mac on the cheek before cupping Riley's cheek. I never really believed it until I saw it with my own eyes, but the transformation I witness in my parents whenever they're around the twins is nothing short of amazing. They turn into gushing, over the top kidnappers. I watch my dad's eyes soften as my daughter latches onto his shirt and leans almost horizontal away from Mac into his arms. He chuckles and grabs hold of her, which gets Jared's attention. All of a sudden he mimics his sister and makes a random dive toward Grandpa.

"Whoa, little man. Let's go find Grandma, shall we?"

Jared claps enthusiastically and mumbles something inaudible.

"You guys ready for this?" Dad asks as I reach for Mac's hand and entwine our fingers. Taking the opportunity to check her out once more, I try to focus my thoughts on the dinner ahead, not what I'd rather be doing to my fiancee right now.

I've had a hard time taking my eyes off her since she walked out of the bedroom at home. She's wearing a bright-blue tailored dress that clings to her curves and accentuates all of my favorite parts. If it weren't for the fact that we were running late and the kids were awake, that dress would have been on our bedroom floor quicker than she could say Superman.

"Good, you're here," I hear my mom say. I turn toward her voice and again have to counteract Jared's fearless dive move. "Hello, baby boy. Who's my big boy now!" she exclaims as she takes him off my hands.

"I've been a big boy for a while, Mom," I comment dryly, earning a snort from Mac. Mom narrows her eyes at me.

"You're taking your life in your hands, boy," Dad adds with a grin. "She's strung tight and won't uncoil until Sunday if your sisters' weddings are anything to go by."

"William." There's no mistaking the scolding tone which just makes Mac giggle. When I look over and see the total look of peace on my future wife's face, I can't help but smile.

All my fears surrounding Mac in the lead up to our wedding have been unfounded. At every turn, every fork in the road, she has amazed me with her strength and resilience. At first I thought the Nikki and Noah situation would do it, but I was wrong. Then I thought the last minute wedding bouquet change where the color flowers Mac wanted weren't delivered on time would be the clincher, but I was wrong again.

Then yesterday, I thought for sure the gig was going to be up when Riley found Mac's hot pink nail polish and tried to paint Mommy's wedding shoes. But no, nothing has thrown my gorgeous girl into a freakout. And as each day has passed and our wedding day has gotten closer and closer, my own nerves have relaxed and now, with less than twenty-four hours to go until I can officially call Makenna Lewis my wife, nothing is going to stop this wedding.

"Earth to Daniel," Mac whispers loudly, snapping me out of my thoughts.

I turn to face her, my parents having left us in the entranceway before we're announced to our friends and family gathered in the restaurant. Lifting my hands to her face, I cup her jaw and lean into her body, feeling her hands wrap around my back and pull me close until there is no space between us.

"You ready, gorgeous?"

"I was born ready, Superman." I smirk and press my forehead against hers, breathing her in and taking a moment to sort myself out. This beautiful woman in my arms, the mother of my children and love of my life, may not have been the strong one between us in the beginning, but as every day passes, she continues to astound me with her inner strength.

"Fuck, I love you."

"Right back atcha'." And it's not lost on me that her voice cracks as we stand there in each other's arms, absorbing the moment. I love the fact she feels this too.

Yes, we have been together for almost three years, and many may see this moment as a mere formality when we've already achieved everything else. But as a man, there is nothing more fulfilling than knowing the woman you love wants to be yours just as much as you want to be hers, and admitting that it means just as much to you as it means to your wife is nothing to be ashamed of.

As I lower my lips to hers and shamelessly bury my tongue in her mouth, throwing everything I have into the connection so that Mac knows we're on the exact same page, I've never wished for a time machine more than I do right then and now.

Mac

Once Daniel and I have had a moment, just the two of us inside the restaurant, I see Daniel nod to the maitre d', letting him know that we're ready. Daniel obviously decided to torture me tonight since he's wearing a matching blue, button-down shirt with dark charcoal-gray dress pants. He looks utterly delicious, and if there wasn't the wrath of the parents at risk or the undeniable promise of Spinelli's tiramisu for dessert, there is no way I'd be able to stop myself from jumping aboard for a ride.

I hear my dad's booming voice echo around the room. "Would you all please stand and welcome my daughter and future son-in-law, Makenna and Daniel, as we celebrate their last night of freedom." He clears his throat and there's no missing Jenny's gasp of shock at his audacity. "I mean, celebrate their impending nuptials."

Daniel's mouth twitches and I struggle to hold in a giggle as we step around the corner, hand in hand as the room erupts in applause. I feel my cheeks heat up as I realize that being the centre of attention is something I'm going to have to get used to this weekend. Daniel squeezes my hand encouragingly before placing his hand on the small of my back and leading me around the room to the head of the table where there are two empty seats waiting for us.

Although there are only twenty-five of us at the dinner, we decided to hire out the restaurant for the night so that we could take our time and enjoy this with our family and closest friends. Having never been married before, we honestly didn't know what to expect but we knew that everyone at this rehearsal dinner was important to us and we knew we didn't want to be rushed.

Once we've finished our entrees and mains, there are the expected speeches by both of our fathers, and even Noah stands up and manages not to embarrass either of us even though we both know he has a LOT of dirt up his sleeve.

I lean toward Daniel so that my mouth is near his ear. "I wish your brother was here."

He flexes his hand which is resting on my thigh in response. "I do too, but there was just no way he could make it."

"Looks like you're not the only one who can make a grand entrance, big brother," a low, gravelly voice speaks up from above us. We both look up at the same time and I grin when I hear Daniel curse. "Shit, man."

He stands and hugs his younger brother Brandon, a last minute surprise guest that only Daniel's parents and I knew about. He hadn't been sure he would be able to make the wedding, but a week ago he called to say he was booked in on a last minute flight and would make it for the rehearsal dinner. Call it one of the few things I could get over my man, but the look on his face right now makes all the secrecy worth it.

"This is Mac." Three words, full of love and pride, is all Daniel says.

Without warning, I'm scooped up into Brandon's arms as he proceeds to squeeze the very life out of me. "Can't ... breathe ..." I wheeze as both the Winters men start laughing at me.

When he lets me go, Daniel is quick to wrap an arm around my waist and pull me back to my side. "When did you get in? I thought you were stuck."

"Seems like the family wanted to keep my trip home a secret. The look on your face is well worth it."

I lean into Daniel's side and push up on my toes so that my mouth is right by his ear. "You can punish me later."

He growls in response, the muscles in his arm tightening against my bare back. "Fuck yeah, I will," he murmurs as he kisses my temple.

"Now, Danny Boy, you can tell me which bridesmaids I get to bang."

Say what? This is the well-mannered brother-in-law I was told I was going to be meeting. "Considering there is only one bridesmaid, and she's my very happily engaged best friend, I think you're shit outta luck on that one."

Brandon shrugs and flashes a cheeky grin at both of me. "It's all good. There's always the wedding tomorrow. Weddings cause single women to get reflective and horny, especially when there is an open bar, sappy speeches, and the bouquet toss."

God, I'm glad I got the charming brother out of the two.

"S'pose I better go mingle. There are two hotties over there who look like they need a tour guide to show them around Chicago and I'm just the man to do it." Brandon's attention focuses over my shoulder and I can't resist the temptation to turn around and see who he's talking about, almost choking on my drink when I spot Zander's sisters, Zoe and Mia.

When I turn back around to tell him he's shit out of luck with those two, he's already making his way over to them.

Turning in Daniel's arms, I lift my arms around his shoulders, pulling his body against mine before lifting my head to steal a quick kiss. "You better go save him before Zander goes all alpha-cop on his ass," I murmur against his lips.

"I probably should," he mumbles before running his tongue along my bottom lip and taking advantage the moment I open my mouth.

"Ahem." We pull apart and turn to the left to find Zander standing there. Speak of the devil.

"Hey, Zan, glad you could make it," Superman says as they shake hands.

"Wouldn't miss it. Was just wondering if I could have a word with Mac quickly."

"Sure, man. I'm going to go distract my brother and save your sisters."

"What?" Zander suddenly squares his shoulders and stands up to his full six foot two inch frame, scanning the room for Brandon.

"It's all good, man. I'll sort him out." Daniel slaps Zander on the back before stepping away and leaving us alone.

"What's up? Did you come to steal me away?"

He quirks a brow and grins. "At your rehearsal dinner?" He shakes his head and laughs. "Only you, Mac. One of a kind."

"Last minute lap dance? For old times' sake?" I widen my eyes in anticipation and he coughs awkwardly.

"Fuck no. Dan would have my balls for that. So would Kate actually."

I sigh dramatically. "Oh, okay then."

"But I did want take you to the bar for one last tequila shot. For old times' sake."

Clapping excitedly, I squeal, attracting the attention of our other guests. "Mac! How old are you?" my mother shouts across the room.

"Twenty-seven going on eighteen, Mom!" which earns a chuckle around the room.

"Just checking, baby girl." I blow her a kiss and link arms with Zander as he leads me out of the main room of the restaurant and toward the bar connected next door.

When I get closer to the bar, I freeze in shock as I spot both Sean and Noah standing by the bar facing away from us.

"What the ..."

Zander pauses and turns back to face me. "It may be a bit unorthodox, and before you ask, Daniel knows where you are and what we're doing and he's okay with it. You've scored yourself a keeper there, babe. That man is one of a kind if he's able to accept the three of us guys in your life and not feel threatened by it. Seriously, if it were Kate I'd be mounting her in public and marking her with my scent like a rabid dog."

My eyes fill with unshed tears as I realize everything that Daniel has given me. I may not have been in love with Zander, Sean, and Noah, but in their own way each of them played an important part in my life before I met Superman.

Zander gave me friendship and an outlet for hard and fast sex.

Noah was a constant presence in my life, providing me with a shoulder to cry on, a colleague to bitch to, and a walking dildo to ride in the hospital on-call rooms.

And Sean, my Dom, the man who called me his baby doll and was always just a phone call away whenever I needed sorting out or just some words of wisdom.

Sean walks up to me, his eyes soft as they take me in. "You're going to make a gorgeous bride, baby doll. And you deserve nothing less than perfection."

I rush into his open arms and bury my face in his shirt, melting into his familiar warmth. "Thank you. For accepting the invitation and for being here."

"Wouldn't have missed this for the world. Wedding of the century and miracle of the year."

Pulling back, I lift my chin and glare at him. "Miracle?"

He chuckles and wraps an arm around my shoulder. "Yes, Mac. A miracle. Especially because it's you."

"Well, thanks," I mutter sarcastically.

"My turn," I hear Noah announce and I look up to find him looking at me with his cocky grin firmly in place.

"I have a bone to pick with you, Taylor."

"Too late for that one, Mac. But Sean's right, you do look gorgeous." He steps in front of me and wraps an arm around my waist, pulling me in close for a hug. "Thank you for letting her come tomorrow," he whispers against my hair as I nod gently, biting my lip to hold back the new flood of tears threatening to break.

"Damn you guys. You're making my eyes leak."

Zander grabs a full shot glass and holds it out to me as I watch the other guys do the same. I make a note right then to thank Daniel in multiple, orgasmic ways later on for giving me this.

When we all have a shot in our hands, we stand in a circle, Noah on one side of me, Sean on the other. I sneak a glance to the restaurant doorway to my left and spot Superman leaning leisurely against the wall, his caramel eyes full of love and adoration as he watches me intently. Tilting my head toward the bar, I silently invite him over but he just shakes his head and offers me a wide smile.

"Go," he mouths.

"I love you," I mouth back.

"I know," I see him say just as Zander starts his toast.

"Raise your glasses, gentlemen. To Mac and Daniel. May the love stay strong, the arguments rare, and the sex always hot. And Mac, may you never ever change from the independent, strong-minded, awesome woman that we adore."

"Here, here!" Sean and Noah cheer as we all lift our glasses to our mouths and throw back the shot.

It's like the end of an era.

I loved it at the time, but deep down I knew I needed more.

And thankfully, so did my superhero.

Tomorrow can't come quick enough.

Chapter 8: "My Girl"

Daniel

Many men would feel threatened by letting their wife-to-be's ex-lovers not only come to the rehearsal dinner, but also attend the wedding.

But I'm not like most men.

I know Mac loves me.

I know she thought sex without commitment was enough for her before.

But then she met me.

And it may have taken a while, but I finally proved to her that I could be everything she needed.

Now we've built a life together, made a home, created a family, and tomorrow afternoon I will finally be able to proudly call Makenna Lewis my wife.

Fucking finally!

Chapter 9 - "Marry You"

Mac

Two and a half years ago I thought I was happy. I had a successful career, I was living with my best friend and we were living the life of two modern single girls in Chicago. Kate was the 'forever after' girl looking for her prince, and I had wanted everything from men except commitment.

Then a fateful trip home on the train turned my life upside down. At the time, I didn't know the effect that Daniel Winters would have on me. That initial meeting was flirtatious and sexy, a hot ass man in a suit handing me my phone and returning my banter with ease. He didn't miss a beat.

In that moment, he had me. Hook, line, and sinker. We just didn't know it, and I took my sweet ass time admitting it.

Fast forward to today. Daniel is my sun, my sky, one of three reasons I get out of bed every day with a huge smile on my face. The other two reasons are the biggest gift Daniel has and will ever give me.

Fuck, listen to me. I sound like one of those sappy, loved up women. You know, the kind I swore I would never end up like.

The thing is, hindsight is a freaking fantastic thing.

But even if I had the chance to do it all over again, I would not change a thing.

Not one. single. thing.

I'd drop my phone, I'd flirt with the smoking hot volcano of fine businessman who got my gears turning and my thighs clenching with his double-dimpled grin. I'd torture myself with the same three-date bet. I'd confess my superman fantasy at 42nd Street bar, then kiss him on the first date by the lake. I'd let him take my tailgating cherry and even put up with the awkwardness of discovering that one of my f**k buddies and my date were actually best friends. I'd have food sex in a restaurant and let him feed me Tiramisu before dragging him back to my place and rocking his freaking world.

I'd run away to sort my shit out all over again just to find my way back to him.

If my life is a compass, he is my due north. And now, as I stand at the altar in my dream wedding dress (and yes, I know I'm taking a chance wearing white AND getting married in a church of God!), staring into those piercing caramel eyes belonging to Delicious Daniel Winters, my Superman, I know I've come full circle. Every level ten freakout brought me here. It brought me to him.

"I cherish every kiss, every double-dimpled grin, every time you press your forehead against mine and just breathe me in. I value your opinions, your hopes and your dreams. Everything we've been through has led us to this point. Today I stand before you a changed woman. You've made me whole. I've realized that the only direction I ever want to run in is into your arms. You, Riley and Jared are my world and I'll spend the rest of my life and beyond loving you because that is what I was born to do." I feel his warm hands cup my cheeks as he takes a step toward me, his own eyes wet with emotion as he lets my words sink in. He rubs his thumbs across my face, wiping my tears away. "You're my happy forever after and I wouldn't have it any other way."

"No more tears, gorgeous. I had you the moment I locked eyes with you. We were meant to be. I can't wait to live my forever and beyond with you," he whispers against my lips, an intimate moment just for us. I tip my chin up and brush my lips against his.

"Always and forever, Superman."

"Never doubted it, gorgeous."

The End of Mac and Daniel's Happy Forever After

But later, at the wedding reception ...

Epilogue - "Sky Full of Stars"

Noah

So the impossible has happened and Mac is finally hitched.

Wonders will never cease!

The ceremony was awesome, total Mac and Daniel epicness, and even Riley and Jared decided to mix things up and cause a ruckus when they had a fight over Riley's basket of rose petals. It was a toddler battle of the sexes with Jared coming out on top and rose petals spread from ass**le to breakfast.

But even with that little interlude, the ceremony was perfect.

Now we're at the reception. We've had the speeches and shit, and I even stood up and gave a heartfelt speech to Daniel and Mac about the virtues of marriage and how friendship and love are the cornerstones to any successful relationship. If only I really believed that in my own life.

If it were true, I wouldn't have been pining after the same woman for fifteen years. I wouldn't still be holding out hope that she holds even a flicker of a flame for me. But the way she's acted today, both during the ceremony and now at the reception, I'm seriously wondering why I even bothered inviting her. Hence why I've had a few too many drinks and am bordering on no longer giving a shit.

Oh yes, that's right, because she said she wanted to be my date. In public. In front of people we know. In front of both of our parents (who were also invited as friends of Dan's family). But considering I've been pretty much dateless most of the night, I'm suddenly very dubious of Nikki's intentions for today.

Sitting at the head table next to Daniel and Mac, who are deliriously happy and huddled closely together talking quietly, I scan the room, taking in the whole scene. I can see Mac's mom and dad dancing happily, laughing and smiling together. Why is it that the closer I get to thirty (three months to go), I'm starting to think about this kind of shit? The woman to love, the house to come home to, the children to be proud of. A happy life. A fulfilled life. Having something other than my career to show for myself.

I catch a flash of platinum blond hair in my peripheral vision and turn to see Nikki sauntering her way toward me, her hips jutting out with an extra seductive swing and her eyes hooded and dark with heat as she reaches my side. Quirking one eyebrow at her, I bring my glass of whisky sour to my mouth, loving the gentle burn as I swirl the liquor around my mouth before swallowing it carefully.

Nic bends down, giving me an awesome view of her tits, and nuzzles my neck before sucking my earlobe into her mouth. "I want you, baby."

"Mmm hmm," I murmur, trying to appear unaffected but who am I kidding, I'm two drinks past thinking logically and about five drinks past being able to say no to my now rock hard dick.

"Meet me on the green. I'll let you claim me as the nineteenth hole." I feel her hand run up my thigh before grabbing hold of my c**k and squeezing hard. I suddenly start coughing, trying to contain the sudden surge of lust (and shock). Actually, spluttering would be a more accurate description. Nic releases her stranglehold on my dick before standing up straight, and with a smirk and a wink, she spins on her sexy black heels and struts away from me.

Fuck. Me.

Well, actually, f**k her. And I will, as soon as I can discreetly get out of here.

I down the rest of my drink and lean toward Daniel. "Hey, man, I'm just gonna pop outside for a bit. Get some fresh air."

"All good. Thank you for your speech. Didn't know you had it in ya."

"Yeah, well I'm more than just a pretty face," I add jokingly. Little does he know that there is more meaning behind that retort than I'd care to admit. Or, more fittingly, I should have said there's more to me than just a big dick and a pretty face.

I give Daniel a friendly slap on the shoulder and bend down to kiss the top of Mac's head before walking away from them and toward the direction where Nic disappeared to. Not watching where I'm going, I crash into someone and instinctually grab hold of them when I see them falling to the ground.

"Easy now, no harm done," I state as I gently lift the woman back onto her feet, holding firm until I feel her steady herself.

"I'm fine. Thanks for, you know, catching me." Her voice sounds like warm honey, the type you want to have poured all over you and slowly lapped back up. I look up and get lost in the sexiest teal green eyes belonging to the gorgeous woman I'm still holding captive in my arms. Like a deer in the headlights, I continue to stare at her, unable to look away as I try hard to commit her face to memory.

Never in my life have I been lost for words. Dr Noah Taylor, known as the walking dildo to many, is cocky and confident, always ready with smart ass retorts or flirty banter. But right now, with too many drinks under my belt, too much testosterone pulsing through my veins, and the promise of a hot f**k on the eighteenth green with Nikki at the forefront of my mind, I do the first thing I think of.

I crash my mouth against the mystery woman's lips and plunge my tongue into her mouth.

I crash my mouth against the mystery woman's lips and plunge my tongue into her mouth.

