CHAPTER 1

I was never meant to come back.

It's been a year since I've been in my hometown of Harlan Grove, Alabama, and the night I left I vowed I'd never return. So I have no idea why I have. I have no idea why I've left the bright city lights and busy lifestyle I've become so accustomed to.

I know it's not for my alcoholic mom or my absent dad.

And it's definitely not for Reese Pembleton or the misplaced dream of a fairytale love that still holds onto me no matter how hard I try to forget it.

Harlan Grove still holds the same old sting of want. The want for more and want for everything I can never have. This place is full of memories; his house, the park, the all-night diner we used to sit in talking endlessly about anything and everything. All of them are full of those damn memories and all of them places that are unavoidable. Not that it would matter if I could avoid them, because every part of last summer with him is burned into my memory.

I tap my fingers across the steering wheel. Who invented summer break anyway? Who's bright idea was it to send us home at least once or twice a year? Home. This place doesn't feel like home. It feels like a shackle I can't break free from.

I really need to rent an apartment opposed to living in a college dorm - at least then I wouldn't have to come back to Harlan Grove for the summer... Even if New York doesn't feel much like home, either.

One year. Has it really been that long? Almost, I guess. One year and Reese still haunts me. His voice is still an echo in my mind. I still feel his touch whenever goose-pimples snake across my skin, because the feelings are one and the same.

Senior year was a year of mutual glances, little knowing smiles and flirty touches. Graduating summer was eight weeks of laughter, stolen moments and building a relationship against all my reservations. All of it ended in one night of crazy passion that will never leave me. All of it ended when I let my fear take over and I ran. Everything we'd built shattered the second I made the decision to get in my car and make the stupidly long drive across country instead of wait for my flight the following week.

And that one night is part of the reason I didn't come home for Christmas. It's why I left my car parked outside my best friend's apartment block and stayed with him for the holiday. Honestly, we probably had a better holiday than we would have apart.

I turn onto my road, making a mental note to call Jay before he kicks my ass. My house comes into view, and for a second it could almost pass as a welcome sight.

Only in the empty, soulless house am I safe from memories of him - and that's only because it has memories of its own, and those memories are stronger even than the ones of Reese and a blissful summer love.

I pull into the driveway and kill the engine. The front yard is no longer full of bright flowers, the pots outside the door now empty of anything but soil. The paint on the front door is slightly weathered and chipped without Dad here to keep it fresh, and the windowsills look the same. Pathetic. Dreary. Unloved.

A flash of my red catches my eye in the rear view mirror. My heart stops and panic claws up my throat. Looking through the mirror, I see the one thing I hoped to avoid. A cherry red truck is parked four houses down on the opposite side of the road.

His red truck.

The door of the house opens, and the first thing I notice is that his brown hair is the same as always, still spiked to hide the waves he hates so much. The waves I once threaded my fingers through and grasped onto. His skin is still tanned; his face is still perfectly shaped, and his hazel eyes are the same ones that have haunted my dreams for months.

A bottled blonde girl steps out and beams at him, making my heart clench. I curse myself, grabbing my purse, and push the door open.

One summer, Kia. That's all it ever was and all it ever can be. I need to get that into my thick head, because being back here won't change the fact I ran out on him when I needed him the most.

I can feel his eyes on me as I shut my car door casually, hiding the nauseating rolling of my insides. I glance over my shoulder, and my eyes meet his over the top of his truck door. Everything else fades away as our eyes search each other's, and even from this distance, I can see the gold flecks that thread through the warm hazel in his irises. Or maybe I'm just remembering that. Maybe I'm only remembering a time when I was so close to him I really could see them.

He raises his hand in acknowledgment, but I turn away without returning the gesture.

He's so good looking he should be illegal in all fifty states.

I make my way to the front door. Locked. I dig in my purse for my keys and slide them into the keyhole as his truck roars down the street.

The door opens with a shove, and deafening silence hits me. I glance into the front room, kicking the door shut behind me, and I realize nothing really has changed. A glass on the coffee table... Scattered cushions... An empty bottle left carelessly on the rug. Same old shit, and I've barely been in town for ten minutes.

I won the first battle against my heart where Reese Pembleton is concerned, even if I know it's only one of many. Even if we never speak for the whole time I'm here, I still have tiny reminders of us everywhere I go. I've seen him once. I can deal with seeing him again.

But I still have a bigger war to fight. A war nothing to do with him and it's the same battle I've fought for the last six years. The war against the addiction that consumes my mom entirely. The same war I have no energy left to fight and even less desire to fight.

I ignore the rest of the house and go straight up to my room. It's the one place untainted by her. I unlock the door and look around. Everything is as I left it; my drawers are still open slightly, a hairbrush is still in the middle of the rug, and pens are scattered across the surface of my desk.

I nudge the door shut with my foot and walk over to my window. I open the curtains to let sunlight spill into the room and crack one of the glass panes open. And I obviously haven't looked around the room that well, because I only just notice the shoebox-sized box sitting on my bed. I definitely didn't leave that there.

I feel my features move into a small, confused frown, and I push off from the windowsill. I crack the top of the box open and stare at the beaming faces of me and my best friend, Luce, at our high school graduation. The box is full of photos, and I flash back to last summer, remembering her with her camera perpetually glued to her hand. I flick through the images, perching on the edge of my unmade bed, and find myself smiling a little.

There are photos from almost every day - at the beach, bowling, in her pool. There's even some silly selfies of us pulling stupid faces in the diner and everywhere else we thought to snap them.

And I stop. It's no longer Luce's face smiling up at me. It's Reese's, and he's giving me a piggy back ride. My arms are wrapped around his neck; our cheeks pressed together as we smile like idiots. I grab another photo, and I'm back at graduation. I'm tucked into his side with his arm wrapped around my shoulders. Another photo, this time with his lips against mine, and I'm transported weeks into the future to the stolen moments when we thought no one was looking. When we thought no one knew.

Even though everyone knew. Everyone knew and insisted we were the cutest thing since... Ever. Everyone knew and tried to tell us we were in love, and we laughed it off.

I wish I could laugh off the lump in my throat or the burn in the back of my eyes. I wish I could laugh off the knotting of my stomach and the settling of regret, and I wish I could laugh off every single memory bubbling in my mind.

I wish I could laugh off the knowledge looking at these pictures has given me. The knowledge that last summer was more than a fling, more than a casual string of make out sessions and laughter.

The knowledge that Reese Pembleton and I were very much in love last summer.

I drop the photos into the box like they're burning my fingers and shove it into the back of my closet. I've barely scraped the surface of the images in there, and although I know how long it would have taken Luce to edit and print them all, I can't look at them.

I've spent so long fighting and denying everything about last summer. I'm not willing to have it laid out so obviously in front of me.

~

I sit back on the sofa and sigh. Looking around the room, it's cleaner than it was before. Then again, I doubt it could be any worse than it was when I got here three hours ago.

I look up at the clock on the wall. It's almost eight - I've missed dinner. I press the heels of my hands into my eyes, exhaling slowly. Dinner... Yeah, right. I don't expect there to be anything in the fridge but cans of crap I'll never touch.

I amble into the kitchen and look into the fridge. Apart from a carton of milk, half a loaf of bread, and a packet of bacon, it's empty. The top shelf of the freezer holds the processed food I've avoided for the last year. I guess I'm heading up to the store tomorrow morning for some real food, since my mom is too busy working at the bar then drinking away her wages.

Yeah. Real nice way to welcome your only daughter home, Mom.

I pull out the griddle to cook up some of the bacon and wince. Judging by the thick, solid layer of grease coating it, she didn't get round to that cleaning that either. Am I surprised? Not really. I weigh it up. Clean, or drive to the store now for food?

Another glance at the grill makes up my mind. Store it is.

I swipe my car keys from the hall side and go back out into the light summer evening. Luckily for me, Patty's store will be open for another hour.

The drive takes a few minutes, and when I pull up in the parking lot I see Patty laughing behind the counter with old Mr. Jacobs. She blows him a kiss and winks sassily. I smile to myself. Old or young, as long as they're male, Patty will bestow her flirtatious southern charm on them. Eric, her husband, leaves her to it with a laugh.

The bell jingles, and I step into the small store. Patty glances over to the door, looks away, then looks back again. I give her my best smile, and she squeals loudly, clapping her hands.

"Well if it ain't little Kia James back from the Big Apple. Sure took ya long enough, sugar," she scolds with her strong southern twang.

"I know, Patty, I know," I say apologetically. "I'm back for the summer."

"Here, Eric! Get yaself out here. Kia's back for the summer!" Patty calls over her shoulder.

"Well I never." He wipes his hands on his pants and hugs me gently. "How you doin'?"

"I'm all right, thanks, Eric. What about you? Hows Jocie doin' in Dallas?"

"Well, Jocie is doin' just great. Met a lovely man and now they're expectin' a little one." Patty practically bursts out of her skin as she tells me about her grown-up daughter.

"Really?" I touch her hand. "That's real good news, Patty. I'm so happy for y'all."

Patty nods. "She's not due till the spring, but we're already settin' up the spare room. You see your Momma since you been back?"

"I only got back a few hours ago and no, I ain't seen her yet." I grab some essential foods from the shelves. "I wasn't expecting to. I'll be surprised if I see her at all this summer."

Patty shakes her head. "She gotta sort it out, Kia. It ain't fair on you, honey. You gotta talk to her."

I smile sadly and put my food on the counter. "I gave up talking to her about it the day I left for college, Patty. She don't wanna change, and I can't make her. He left us six years ago, and she still ain't over it. It ain't my problem anymore."

Eric rubs my arm. "Well, we sure are proud of you. Going off to a big college like that."

I smile gratefully at him, and his eyes twinkle. "Thanks, Eric. You sure know how to make a girl's day." I wink.

I hand Patty the money and grab the bags.

"Come over for dinner one night, Kia. I'll cook you up my famous chicken with potato salad." Patty tempts me.

"Mm... Corn too?" I open the door.

"Well, o' course. What kind of southern woman do you take me for?" She grins.

"It's a date." I wink at her and wave, walking back to my car.

I put the groceries on the passenger side seat and start it up. My head drops backward against the headrest of the seat. New York's skyline flashes through my mind momentarily, and I sigh.

I pull away from the store back toward my house, wondering what time my Mom will make it home.

With any luck, she'll be back by next week.

CHAPTER 2

Of course,my car would die when I'm at home. And of course the only garage within ten miles is the one that belongs to a guy I've known my whole life. And, because it's how it goes, of course Reese Pembleton just happens to work in that exact garage.

I'm not blind. He's hot as hell and as dangerous as an arrow to your heart. In fact, he probably is the damn arrow.

He walks toward me as I enter the garage, his eyes fixed on mine. I've been back here three days and I'm nowhere near ready to speak to him. Hell, I'm not even ready to see him again - especially after seeing the pictures Luce left me. My guilt and regret hangs heavily on me, mixed with maybes and might-have-beens, and I wish I could just give him my keys without the inevitable small talk.

"Kia," he drawls, his voice hitting me like a ton of bricks.

"Reese." I look up at him, clasping my keys tighter. The ridges on the metal cut into my palm the same way his stare slices into me.

"How are you?"

"I'm good. You?"

He doesn't blink. "Better than I was."

I swallow, his words hurting more than I want to admit, even if I know I have no real right to be hurt. "I'm glad you're okay."

He nods once. "How's college?"

"All right."

"It that much better than here, huh?" he asks, folding his arms across his chest. I can see his tribal tattoo poking out of his white, oil covered top and creeping around his bicep.

"I never said that."

"You meant it though, right?"

"You have no idea," I reply under my breath, glancing around and catching Adam's eye. Anything to break eye contact with Reese.

"Lookin' good, Kia!" he calls with a wink.

I roll my eyes playfully. "Am I gonna get any half decent service around here or have I gotta wait for you to stop lookin' at me like I'm your Momma's chicken pot pie?"

Adam looks me over slowly, thoroughly enough to make any other girl blush. Thankfully, after a friendship built over mud pies in kindergarten, I'm immune to his charm.

"All right, gorgeous, I'm done. Reese, serve the lovely lady."

I look back at Reese. He's standing in the same position, his wary eyes a little heated.

"You know..." I quirk an eyebrow at him. "...I think there's a lot to be said for your manners. I was told southern men were gentlemen, but I think they were mistaken, 'cause there sure as hell ain't one here."

"Kia." Reese leans forward and hooks his finger under my chin. His eyes are hotter than they were a second ago, and I can feel that heat searing into me. "If I were a gentleman, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be rememberin' what that pretty little body looks like lying under me while I kiss every damn inch of it."

My heart thumps at the memory, blood rushing to my cheeks. How dare he say that so casually? Damn him to Hell.

I knock his hand from my face and put my keys in it. "She's yours to look at. I'll be waiting outside." I turn from him, before my eyes give me away, and stalk outside into the hot, sticky air. Not that it's any better than being right in front of Reese with darkened eyes. He's like his own heat source when he looks at me like that. The brief seconds of his hand touching me cause goose pimples to erupt all over my skin.

I lean back against the wall and try to remove him from my mind. Ice cream... Cold shower... Ice cubes...

Dang it. Not working.

I sigh, shaking my head at myself.

"So, what are we doing?" Reese steps out next to me, minus his coveralls and plus low rise jeans. Do I remember what's under those jeans? You bet I do. Too well.

"Shouldn't you be working?" I look at him out of the corner of my eye.

"Lunch break." He leans back next to me. "And hey, we do have to catch up, don't we?" I open my mouth, but he carries on. "So, where are we going?"

I laugh softly, almost a little sadly. "I'm not going anywhere with you."

"Can't I take a pretty girl out to lunch?" His lips curl up.

"Unless that pretty girl is your girlfriend, then no, and last time I checked, we never actually made it that far."

He freezes for a second, and I want to take back my words. I'm the reason we didn't get that far.

"Reese, I..."

"Well I'll be damned if New York ain't been good to you, Kia," he says.

"And what's that meant to mean?"

"It means you finally got an attitude." He moves his face in closer to mine. His breath fans across my cheek and I lock my knees in place. "And I'm real sure it's the sexiest thing this side of the Atlantic."

I grit my teeth. Typical Reese - don't get your own way, turn on the charm. That charm is what made last summer happen.

It takes all my strength to step away from him. To not grab his shirt and kiss him senseless right here.

"Unbelievable." I shake my head.

"What?" His eyes widen, and his lips part as if he can't believe I'm not falling into his arms.

Hell, the way he's looking at me right now, I can't believe I'm not falling into his arms.

"Hey, Adam?" I yell and look around Reese. "You got my number right?"

"Same as before you left?" He looks up from my car.

"Yep," I answer. "Can you do me a favor? Give me a call when you're done with my car. I got stuff to do."

"Sure thing, gorgeous." He puts a thumb up, and I wave.

"See ya around, Reese." I say nonchalantly, turning away.

"Kia..."

I wave over my shoulder, and head away from the garage. After eleven months of not seeing him and of burying my feelings for him, I'm definitely not ready to face what's obviously still there.

~

I hear Mom stumble down the stairs and look through the kitchen drawers. A cupboard opens. The bottle hits the side. A glass follows it.

I look at the clock. Two p.m.

I want to stay here in my room. I want to ignore it. I want to forget about the crap she's made me deal with, but some crazy sense of daughterly duty pulls me from my spot on the bed and toward the kitchen.

She still wears the old, tattered, navy blue robe he left behind. She still holds the vodka bottle like it's her lifeline. She still doesn't remember she has a child to look after.

And still, I'm here. Like always.

"Hey, Momma," I say quietly.

She turns, hiding the bottle behind her back like it'll make it go away. Her blonde hair is matted and unkempt. Last night's make up is smudged under her eyes, and she attempts a bright smile.

"Kia, honey. I didn't know you were coming home."

You never do, I want to say.

"I came home early," I lie, giving her a way out. "It wasn't supposed to be till next week but school let out early."

"Of course that's why," she says, grasping onto the excuse. "That's why I wasn't here to see you. You don't mind, do you?"

"No, Mom." I fake a smile. "Not at all. I can look after myself, remember." God only knows I've been doing it since I was thirteen.

Her green eyes don't smile when her mouth does. They're dull, lifeless. "Yes... you're a big girl now, aren't you? You don't mind if I'm not here tonight, do you? It's just with you comin' home early I have plans and..."

"No, Momma, I don't mind. I understand." I give her another fake smile, and her eyes brighten. "You go have fun."

She winks at me, and scoots from the kitchen, the bottle still behind her back.

I watch her go, my mood deflating, and head for the back door as the anger at myself kicks in. Anger at myself for giving her the out, the excuse, for just letting her go. Always... It's always the same.

She messes up. I give her the escape route. She takes it. I let her.

I climb into the tree house like I did so many times after Dad left. The tree house is my safe haven where I can let it all out.

I lean against the thick trunk of the tree and rest my head back against it, shutting my eyes to hold back the tears. I wonder if it's too late to sign up for summer classes. What in the hell am I doing back in Alabama? This place...

"Argh!" I kick the floor.

This place is like a drug. It's the last thing you need, the thing you want out of your life but try as you might, you can't fight it. It keeps pulling you back in until you're broken, shattered, and dependent.

I don't want to be dependent. I want to spread my wings and fly.

I don't want to be like my Mom, left behind by the man she loved for her whole life.

Reese's face pops into my mind. His voice, his touch, his laugh.

I need to get out of here.

~

Party at Rock's Saturday. U there? Reese.

I shrug as I type a message back. No reason to be.

Luce is back.

Nice try.

A party at Rock's. Did he already forget he got in my pants before? 'Cause I'm pretty damn sure it was brought up in the garage earlier.

"Ass," I mutter and slam the back door. My cell rings again, and Luce's name pops up.

"A little birdie told me Miss New York is back in little ol' Alabama," she sings, exaggerating her drawl.

"A little birdie told you right," I reply, smiling at my best friend's voice.

"Then I wanna know why you ain't got your pretty little ass round my house yet."

"I didn't know, you were back from Vegas until Reese told me."

"Reese, huh?" Her suggestive tone riles me.

"My car battery died. I saw him at the garage with Adam."

"I know, I'm just teasin'. I saw it there when I drove past and stopped off. I ain't seen you in a year, girl!"

"You know why, Luce." I push my hair from my face.

"I know, Kia. She still as bad as ever?"

"What do you think?" I say in a bitter tone. "Of course she is."

"Come over for dinner tonight," Luce offers.

"Oh no. It's your first night back. I couldn't impose on y'all like that."

"Well fine." I can imagine her rolling her dark eyes. "We'll go out for dinner."

I sigh. "You won't give up, will you?"

"Not a chance. I missed my best friend. I'll come over and we'll order pizza."

"And decide how we're not goin' to Rock's Saturday night."

"Maybe." She hangs up, and I shut my eyes.

I love Luce, but god help me. Her crush on Adam isn't healthy, and it hasn't been since we were thirteen and she moved here from Mississippi.

I cast my eyes around the room. No bottles, no rubbish... A normal front room.

Because of me. Because I do the parenting thing.

I hear thumps on the stairs.

"Oh, you're here." Four p.m., and she's already slurring her words slightly. I swallow my sigh.

"Yep," I turn to her. She's a shadow of her former self.

"Thought you'd still be outside."

"There ain't that much sun in New York, not like there is here. It's gonna take some getting used to again."

Mom nods like she gets it. But she doesn't. She doesn't get it, and she doesn't care enough to try.

"Well, I'm heading down the bar. Meetin' Aria. Have fun, Kia." She blows a half-hearted kiss and disappears out the door.

I take a deep breath, closing my eyes. I'm trying not to let the sting of her blatant dismissal affect me yet again. I shouldn't be surprised. I shouldn't expect anything to be different.

But I do. Every time.

Every. Damn. Time.

~

"I have pizza, candy, and Coke!" Luce announces, nudging the front door closed with her hip. How did she even get it open?

She enters the room in a burst of color - literally. You couldn't miss her scarlet hair if you wanted to. Her arms are laden down with the worst - yet best - kinds of food. I jump up and take the Coke from her, setting it on the table while I grab some cups. When I come back in, the DVD is in the player and the pizza box is open and steaming.

"Ahh, I've missed this comfy sofa." Luce picks up a piece of pizza and sits back, blowing on it. Her feet prop up on the table in front of her.

"Make yourself at home." I drop on the cushion next to her and take a slice for myself.

"Oh, I have," she says through a mouthful of food.

"Animal," I retort, tearing a big bite off. She raises her eyebrows, and we both grin.

There's comfort in our friendship. It's the kind of friendship born from craziness - and a friendship born of craziness is absolutely the best kind. There are no restrictions, no having to hide who you really are.

"So..." Luce licks her fingers, grabs another piece of pizza, and sits back again.

"So..." I repeat, looking at her quizzically.

"Reese is lookin' good."

"And your point is?" I tuck my legs under me and pick up my coke.

"No point." She shrugs one shoulder.

"Don't go bullshittin' me, Lucia Jane Hampton. What's your point?" I meet her dark brown eyes.

"What's going on with you and Reese?"

That's Luce - straight to the point. Well, after a small detour, at least.

"Nothing. There was last summer, and that's it. We're different people now."

"I don't believe it." She shakes her head.

"He has a girlfriend."

"He does?" Her lips curl up.

"Uh, yeah? The blonde bimbo across the street from me?"

Luce laughs out loud. "Oh, you mean Miss-Reese-I-Want-You-Now?" She raises an eyebrow. "She wishes she was his girlfriend. You should have seen his sorry ass when I mentioned your name earlier at the garage. He looked as lost as a puppy without his freshly neutered balls."

"Freshly neutered balls?" I snort.

"Not the point." She sighs. "He wants you."

"He can keep wantin'." I look out of the window. "Last summer, Luce, remember? If it were ever more..." I shake my head. "It doesn't bear thinkin' about."

"Hey, I bet you ain't got a boyfriend up in New York. You're home for the summer, have a bit of fun."

"I'm not havin' fun with Reese, especially since he has ... Well, whatever she is across the street." I look back at her. "Who is she, anyway?"

Luce mock gags on her food. "Her Royal Highness, Bitch Princess Hana of Harlan Grove?"

One side of my mouth curls up in amusement. "That bad, huh?"

She rolls her eyes. "You have no idea, girl. I'm tellin' you; she moved here just after school started again. She started at HG High, moved straight in with the 'it' crowd thanks to Daddy's dollar, then tried to bag herself the hottest guy in fifty miles within six months."

"She sounds like a real darlin'." I bite my thumbnail. "Where'd she move from?"

"South Carolina."

"Why'd they move here?"

"Somethin' about her Daddy doin' business in Houston but her Momma refused to live in the City. He lives there during the week, then is home at weekends. Hana's a spoiled brat if I ever met one. The girl ain't got a nice bone in her skinny little body."

"Nice." I muse. "Makes you wonder what Reese sees in her?"

"Oh, honey, I don't think he ever saw anything in her except a distraction." Luce snaps her fingers. "It was like that. She batted her eyelashes, and he went running... But now it makes sense. The guy is hung up on you, and instead of chasin' you to New York like he shoulda when you didn't come back for Christmas, he went to her."

"She's eighteen, then?" I frown, the idea of Reese being with someone else grating on me.

"Nope. Seventeen. She'll spend her eighteenth in Europe this summer."

"So, they..."

"As much as she'd want everyone to believe it, Reese won't touch her. Not even he is that stupid." Luce raises her eyebrows. "He told her no sex till she was eighteen. I bet he's dyin'."

"His problem though, right?" I shrug. "It's what you get when you go after a girl still in High School."

"I told him he shoulda gone to New York after Christmas, but he didn't listen."

"Why would he?" I twirl my hair between my fingers, lying through my teeth. "So we had sex once, Luce, and it was just one summer... We were never in love; we were never even really together."

She turns her face toward me with that "oh, really?" look on her face. Her eyebrow arched; her lips curled in a half smirk and disbelief shining in her eyes.

"Kia, darlin', he was waitin' for you to come back at Christmas to talk to you. The guy would have tried a long distance relationship, 'cause it's you. He never wanted you to leave in the first place. He pined like a bitch for you!"

"I'm callin' bullshit."

"Call whatever the f**k you want, girl, but that boy has got one girl on his mind, and it ain't his would-be-girlfriend. If you think you're gonna get through this summer without him tryin' to get you to talk to him, then you're gonna have to think again."

"He can ask, Luce. I left Alabama for a reason. You know that."

"But does he?"

"Of course he does." I sigh. "Everyone knows I wanna be more than my Mom is. It's the only reason I left. I wanna be everything she isn't."

"Okay." She grabs some candy and sinks into the sofa. "If that's what you're goin' with, then I'll believe you. For now. But Reese Pembleton is more under your skin than even you know, Kia James, and sooner or later, the both of you are gonna explode. My bet is on sooner."

I shake my head, and turn my attention to the movie. Is she right? Did I leave because of him?

Ugh. Just another reason to add to why I hate this town.

~

Rock's parties are legendary in Harlan Grove. The open field owned by Adam's grandpa is given to him for his use every weekend. His grandpa has been known as 'Rock' since his college days when he used to fight bare knuckle, and even though he's in a retirement home now, they're still "his" parties. Just because he's the coolest grandpa, ever.

I glance at Luce as I make the short drive to the makeshift parking lot we use. From there, it's a short walk through the woods to the field. As long as we clean up after ourselves the cops stay out of our way. They're not dumb, they know we drink and whatever, but we don't disturb anyone so they're happy to leave us to it.

That and Luce's dad is the Sheriff. Such is life in a small town.

"Stop glancing at me," the girl in question huffs.

"I don't wanna be here, Luce." I admit. "I'd rather be home."

"She ain't gonna be in, Kia. You'd rather be in an empty house that see everyone?"

"Everyone involves Reese, so yeah," I mutter.

"I heard that." She smirks.

I sigh and park. Clearly, though, I'm more concerned about actually seeing Reese, because I've parked right next to his damn truck. Shit. Luce gets out the car before I can put it in reverse and park somewhere else. I sigh again and follow her.

Stones crunch under my boots as we cross the lot and disappear undercover of the trees. I can already hear the music pumping. Adam has an insane love of British music, and for once it's a song I'm familiar with - Rita Ora, R.I.P.

I'm not the Kia that left here a year ago. If I can remember that, I can cope with this dang party.

It's already crazy busy here, and I know Reese will be here, but I don't expect him to be the first person I see when I stop next to a tree. It's like I'm tuned into him and whenever he's around; I just know. It's almost like an automatic reaction. My eyes crash into his, and he stands, making his way over to me.

I tense, yet I hold his gaze the entire time, unable to tear my eyes away even as he stops right by me. His arm brushes mine, setting my whole body on fire.

"Reese," I say offhandedly.

"Kia." His voice is softer than mine.

"How are you?"

"Not bad. You?"

"Fine." I clench my jaw a little.

"How's college?" He leans against the tree in front of me, looking completely comfortable.

"You asked me that the other day." I tear my eyes from his, finally, and swallow.

"I bet it's better than being here," he pushes on.

I snort. "Anything is better than being here."

"Kia..." he says my name wearily.

"What?"

"Can't we just be friends? Forget last summer ever happened."

His words pierce me right through the chest, despite me being the one to end everything we apparently didn't have. I take in a sharp breath, squaring my shoulders. "Last summer? Forgotten." I push off from the tree and storm into the woods. I need to get away from him.

Forget. That's what he said.

Forgotten. That's what I said.

How do I forget it? I can't. I can't forget the way he squirmed when I tickled his sides, or the way he laughed and kissed me whenever I pouted. I can't forget the feel of his touch against my skin, the sensation of his lips on mine. My heart won't let me forget, not when all I want is to feel him against me again. I can't deny that. I can't lie to myself. He still affects me the way he used to.

"Shit! Kia!" Reese calls after me. "I didn't mean it like that!"

I ignore him and keep walking. Step, step, step. Keep going, Kia, don't stop for him. His hand grabs my arm, and I turn, yanking my arm back as I near where his truck is parked.

"What, Reese? You've made it clear last summer was a mistake. You're right. It was. It was just a whirlwind mess between two people who had no idea what they wanted from life."

"I didn't mean it like it came out. I just meant I didn't want you to hate this place because of me."

"I don't hate it because of you." I look at him and laugh bitterly. Shadows play across his face in the darkness. "I hate this place because of what it means to me."

"What does it mean, Kia? Tell me." He loosens his grip on my arm; his thumb gently stroking my skin.

"It means nothing," I say quietly, stepping back. "Nothing."

"You're lying," Reese steps closer and holds my other arm. "If it meant nothin', you wouldn't be running from me."

"I'm not running from you! Why would I be? One summer, that's all we had."

"Is it?" he asks quietly. "One summer? Is that really all we had? Do you think my feelings disappeared the way you did? Do you think they upped and went in the middle of the night just like you?"

"I never said that-"

"'Cause they damn well didn't!"

"Rumor has it you're seein' someone, or have you forgotten that?" I throw back at him.

"Maybe I don't care about her. The person I care about is front of me."

"After eleven months? Why don't I believe you?"

"Let me show you. Make you believe me."

I shake my head. "You're so f**king funny." I pull myself from his grip and move toward my car, passing his truck.

"Am I?" he growls, grabbing my hand and pulling me toward him. My back hits the door of his truck, and he stops in front of me. He places his hands either side of my head, his face bent into mine. "Am I funny, Kia? Really?"

My heart is pounding furiously at his nearness, and I push at his arm. My blood is thundering through my body, my breathing coming hard and fast. I can feel the warmth emanating from his body. I want more. I need more. I want to feel his body pressed against mine, even if it's just for a second. I need to feel it.

His hazel eyes collide with mine, and I can see he feels the same. It's been a year. He still feels it. I still feel it.

"Jokes usually are funny," I retort, trying to move away from him in an attempt to regain control of my body.

His mouth crashes into mine, his lips molding to mine. One of his hands cups the side of my head, the other resting on my waist. I grab his shirt when he nips my bottom lip. My mouth opens, and his tongue meets mine, stroking it in a gentle caress. Our bodies push together, and I drink him in, kissing him greedily.

Now, I remember. I remember why I can't fight it. Why I'm powerless. Why, at nineteen, he is all there is.

I open my eyes as our mouths part. His lips are hovering over mine, close enough they could touch mine again, but they don't. In the small gap between us all,I feel is the chilling night air where, just seconds ago, there was nothing but heat.

"Am I funny now, Kia?" he breathes, still holding my face.

"Yep," I whisper, my voice slightly shaky. "You're f**king hilarious."

Reese's hand leaves my waist and tugs the door open. "Then you better get in the truck so you can find out exactly how not funny I am."

"I'm not..."

"Get in," he growls, his eyes promising me a fight.

"No," I say, pushing him back. I shake my head. "No."

"What?"

I walk around him and away from him, walking backward. I shake my head, everything warring inside me. "I... No, Reese. I can't."

"Kia?" he calls.

"That..." I take a deep breath and stop at my car. "That shouldn't have happened."

I unlock my car, get in, and shut the door behind me. I click the lock from the inside. My hands rest on the steering wheel for a second while I get myself back together. I can still feel his lips on me, and it's disorientating.

For someone usually so together, I'm already falling apart. And it's all down to him.

I take a deep breath again, readying myself to drive back to the empty house. I start the engine and make the mistake of glancing out of the window.

Reese is standing against his truck, his foot propped up on the door. His eyes are fixated on mine, and they're all I can see. The urge to leave the car and go with him, to have another night, is almost too much. But I know it won't stop there. I know one night will lead to another, and another, each night weaving a web of growing feelings and want for things that can't happen.

I tear my eyes from him. I back out and drive away, not looking back at him.

Luce was right. I'm back and he won't let it go. I had my doubts, sure, but now I know he won't.

It was the predatory gleam in his eye, the promise and a threat. It was the desperate way he kissed me, like I'm the air he needs to breathe. It was the deflation in his body when I walked away.

I don't know if I can fight it if he does chase me. I don't know if I want to fight it. I don't know anything where he's concerned.

My uncertainty is evident in the rolling of my stomach as I drive away from him, back toward the house. My lips still tingle where he touched me and my blood is still thrumming through my veins. It would be so easy to turn this car back around and drive back to him.

It would be too easy.

I pull up outside my house and see all the lights are off. I text Luce to tell her I left and I'll call tomorrow, and get out of the car. The door is unlocked when I reach it. That only means one thing... Momma's home.

I poke my head around the front room door, and she's lying spread-eagle on the sofa, her head hanging back. My eyes close for a second, and I'm fighting back the sting of tears. I cross the room and gently shake her awake. She mumbles something in her sleep.

"Momma come on," I say softly. "We gotta get you up to bed."

"Bed?" she slurs. "I'm in bed."

"No, Momma, you're not. You're on the sofa. Come on, I'll help you." I hook my arm under hers and with her feeble help, I pull her into a standing position. "The stairs are in a second, so watch your feet, okay?"

"Gotcha," she mumbles. Slowly, we make our way up the stairs. She stumbles a few times, and I catch her, and when we make it into her room she falls into bed. I tug her covers from under her and put them over her instead, tucking them under her chin as if the blankets alone can drown out the overwhelming stench of vodka and cigarette smoke. She snores once, loudly, and I back out from her room.

I shut my bedroom door behind me, kick off my shoes, and climb into bed fully clothed. My head sinks into the pillow, and I tuck the quilt under my chin, curling my legs into my chest. I squeeze my eyes shut, wondering how my life in the city and my life here could be so different.

CHAPTER 3

My phone rings, breaking the silence and pulling me from my pointless perusal of eBay's finest. Reese's name is on screen, and my finger hovers over the accept button for a second before hitting it.

"Yeah?" I answer tentatively, unsure if I really want to talk to him after last night.

"Look out of your window."

"Huh?"

"Look out your window," he repeats.

"Is this some kind of joke?"

"Just do it."

I sigh and push up off my bed, crossing to my window. My fingers slip between the curtains, sliding them open, and my jaw drops.

"What the hell?" I shriek, shoving open my window. "Why are you in my tree?!"

He shrugs and grins boyishly. "I was bored. Are you busy today?"

A thousand thoughts and excuses run through my mind - I'm seeing Luce. I have summer schoolwork to do. I have to clean. Organize my closet. Wash my hair...

"No," my traitorous mouth says. "I'm not busy."

"Want some company?"

"Doing what? And why are we still talking on the phone?"

"No idea." He laughs, and the line clicks off. "I thought we could go chill somewhere, y'know, catch up and that."

"Won't your girlfriend's friends have their beady little eyes on you?" I raise an eyebrow.

"She's not my girlfriend." He smirks. "And I see Luce has been talking to you."

I can't help but grin. "How did you know?"

"Apart from the fact I saw her leave as I got here, she's the only person with enough balls to speak out about Hana."

"I sense a story there." A story I want to know... "Give me ten minutes?" I finally meet and hold his gaze, hoping I don't look as wary as I feel. A whole day with Reese?

I think I'm asking for trouble.

"Five," he barters.

"Ten!"

He sighs. "Seven and a half?"

"Fine," I acquiesce. "But I'm not counting."

"Don't worry." He grins. "I am. One, two, three..."

"Ass!" I laugh and pull the window shut, drawing the curtains after me. My eyes scan the half-empty suitcase in the middle of the room, still packed with my clothes, and I pick out some shorts and a tank top. Reese texts a five minute reminder as I brush some mascara across my eyelashes and slip my shoes on. I grab a hairband and pull my hair on top of my head, grabbing my sunglasses as an afterthought, and head downstairs.

"Close call," he shouts down as I open the back door.

"Are you really still in that tree?" I call back, lowering my glasses slightly to look at him over the top of them.

He puts his arms out and looks around. "Looks like it."

"Are you coming down anytime soon?"

"Depends."

"On?"

"Will it be worth it?" He grins wolfishly.

I whip my glasses off, put my hand on my hip, and glare at him. "You're an ass, Reese Pembleton!"

"Yet you'll still spend the day with me." He scales down the tree, crosses my yard, and looks up at me on the porch. "Won't you, Kia?"

"For some reason." I jump off the porch onto the grass next to him and walk toward the truck. I can feel his eyes on me as I walk, and I bet it's not because I have a tag poking out of my shirt. "Reese?" I cough out his name and pause. His eyes flick up to mine, and I raise an eyebrow.

"Yeah?"

"Are you coming?"

"Just enjoying the view."

I roll my eyes and start walking again. Reese's feet pad against the ground as he jogs to catch me up and he beats me to the truck door. He opens it and puts his hands on my waist, hoisting me up into it. Shivers snake across my skin under his touch, and I bite the inside of my lip.

"Thanks," I say softly.

"Anytime." He shuts the door behind me and walks around, jumping in next to me. I avoid looking at him as he starts the truck up, instead watching the Grove go by.

"Where are we going?"

"I thought we could go to the lake. You know it's on our property, and no one will see us there," he answers. "If you want to, I mean."

"That sounds good." I look over at him and smile a little. His own lips twitch in response, and I tuck a wayward lock of hair behind my ear. His eyes flick toward my movement, and he fiddles with the radio for a second before gripping the steering wheel tighter.

I flick my glasses back down over my eyes and hide behind the darkness of them. His knuckles are almost white, and his hands are as weathered and rough-looking as they always have been. I drop my eyes to my lap before I think things I have no place thinking.

I've only been to the lake behind Reese's house a few times, mostly for parties in senior year, a few alone times. If Hana is as bad as Luce said, it's best no one sees us together. After all, everyone knows what happened between us last summer and nothing stays a secret in this town for long. If someone saw us alone, rumors would fly.

So the lake is the perfect place to catch up. It's secluded by trees, and no one goes there unless he or his family okay it.

We pull up at the side of his house on a beaten track, and I get out before he can help me. I pull my shoes off and let the grass tickle my toes as I walk toward the large, clear lake.

I sit at the base of a tree and stretch my legs out, letting the red hot sun hit them. The only thing Alabama has on New York is the summer and the ability to get a decent natural tan.

"Comfy?" Reese smirks.

I look up into his warm, hazel eyes, and wriggle a little. "Now I am."

"Great." He laughs, sitting next to me. He hooks his arms around his knees, his biceps tensing. I tear my eyes from his body and focus on the sun glinting off the lake.

"So tell me about Hana," I begin.

"You don't really wanna hear about her."

He's right. I don't, but I'm too nosy not to ask anything.

"No, I do. Does she really have her friends watching you?"

"Probably." He laughs again. The rich sound wraps around me, and I relax, leaning my head back on the trunk behind me. "She's in Europe right now with Daddy. She comes back a week or so before school starts back up, and call me an ass, but it's kind of nice not to have her voice bleating at me every ten damn seconds."

"Ass." I smirk.

He winks.

"So why are you with her? Sorry, not with her. You don't seem to like her much. I mean; that's what I've been told," I add.

"By Luce," he guesses. "Damn! That girl is in Vegas at least nine months a year and still knows all my shit." He shakes his head, chuckling. "I don't like her that much. She's just kinda... There."

"But why is she?" I push, kinda amused. "Why would you be with someone you don't want to be with? I don't get it."

Reese's head rests back against the tree next to mine, and he turns his face toward me, leaving our noses inches apart. "Because," he says softly. "The person I want disappeared on me, and then when she finally came back, she did it again."

I breathe in. "Reese..."

He turns his head. "Tell me about New York."

I don't want to tell you about New York. I don't want to tell you about anything that doesn't involve your lips on mine, your hands on my skin, and your body against mine.

"It's... New York." I shrug. "It's different to here - a lot. It's nice not to be known wherever I go. I'm just one of the crowd, just another person. Sometimes that's all I need."

"To be unknown?"

"To live without everyone knowing each time I buy a new bra? Yeah, pretty much." I smile, and Reese returns it.

"So you like it then? College."

"Yeah... Its hard work, but it'll all be worth it in the end. Nothing in life comes easily, after all. If it's worth it, it'll happen."

"Wise words," he teases.

"Something to live by," I correct. "What about you? What've you been doing the last year?"

"Not much." He shrugs. "Working, mostly. That and whatever plan Adam's been cooking up."

I smirk at the mention of Adam's name and take my glasses off. "I saw him getting cozy with Stacy last night. What's that all about?"

"Sex, as it always is." Reese looks at me. "Y'know, I think he's got a bit of a thing for Luce," he adds.

I grin, chewing the arm of my glasses. "That could be interesting. She's had a thing for him since we were thirteen."

"No way?"

"Way." I nod my head once and get up, his closeness starting to stifle me. I walk over to the lake and sit on the wooden dock. My bare feet slip into the water warmed by the sun, and I lean back, closing my eyes. The sun is hot on my skin, and I smile, kicking my legs slightly as I realize just how much I've missed this weather. When I open my eyes, Reese is standing opposite me, topless.

His tribal tattoo curves over his shoulder and down onto his bicep stopping an inch or two above his elbow. His body is lean but defined, all smooth, tanned skin with an obvious 'v' that drops well below his pants.

My eyes crawl back up his torso to his face. His lips twitch, his eyes showing his amusement. Slowly, he walks around the lake toward me.

I swallow, my stomach flipping. There's a playful gleam in his eye that both excites and worries me. My eyes follow him until I have to turn my head to see him. I spin my body around as he closes in on me, not fully trusting him.

"What's the matter, Kia?" he asks. "Don't you trust me?"

"I would be a fool if I said yes," I reply slowly.

"I'm only comin' to sit next to you, baby. Don't worry." He flashes me a grin, dropping down next to me. His foot brushes mine underwater, and he leans back, putting a hand behind me.

"I've heard that before."

I keep watching him. Watching the flick of his eyelashes as he blinks, the amused twitch of his lips, the tick in his cheek as he fights his smile. His eyes are dead set on mine, and time stretches between us. So many things unsaid; so many things to say, and so many that will never be said.

"This water is cool," he'd said as he innocently sat down next to me.

"I'm sure it is," I replied dryly, looking at the lake.

"Really refreshing in this weather," he went on, his eyes meeting mine. A spark flickered in the depths of his eyes, a spark riddled with mischief.

"Don't you even think about it, Reese Pembleton," I warned, pointing at him. "I'm not dressed for swimmin'!"

"Who mentioned swimming?" he asked, raising his eyebrows.

"You might not have mentioned it, but I can see it in those damn eyes of yours. I'm warnin' you!"

"I was thinking more diving." He grinned, grabbed my hands, and pulled me into the water with him. I screamed, kicking my way back to the surface.

"You!" I growled, staring at him angrily. I shook out my hair, and he grinned again, gripping my waist and pulling me into him.

"Don't be mad, baby," he purred. He kissed me, his lips wet against mine. I sunk my fingers into his hair, wrapping my legs around his waist, and forgot why I was mad at him.

"What?" I ask quietly, pulling myself back to today.

"You're the one staring at me."

"You're not exactly looking at the surroundings, are you?"

"Are you scared?"

"Of what?"

He grins. A big, playful grin that instantly puts me on guard. "Of me doing this."

His hand that's behind my back is resting on my left hip; his body is suddenly against my side, and we're flying off the platform into the water together.

I scream as I fall, screwing my eyes shut. I hear Reese's loud laughter and feel both of his arms around me. My hands rest on his shoulders, and I push myself up out of the water.

I gasp, breathing in the fresh air. Reese surfaces, his grip on me tight, and he's still laughing. I glare at him, but I'm not surprised. I should have known he'd pull a stunt like this.

"You douche!" I smack his shoulder. "I'm soakin' wet!"

"I know." He grins again.

"I'm gonna kill you."

"No you're not," he says with way too much confidence.

"Why aren't I?" I swim over to the dock and lean on it, my feet kicking gently.

He swims up behind me, leans next to me, and moves his mouth close to my ear. "Because you're too busy tryin' to calm the crazy beating of your heart."

He's right, dammit, he is. I wish he wasn't, but my heart is going crazy and my hands are burning where I'm touching him.

"How do you know that?"

His hazel eyes find mine again as I turn my head toward him. I wonder if I'll ever bore of looking in them.

"Because, baby, I'm doin' the exact same thing."

~

After Reese takes me home, I dry off and change. I make my way into the kitchen, my eye catching a small piece of paper on the kitchen table. I snatch it up.

Out. Sorry I missed you. See you soon. Mom

PS. There's ten dollars in the drawer. Get some food.

I shake my head, screwing the ball of paper up. I throw it at the screen doors, turning and grabbing my car keys. Some things will never change... It'll always be the alcohol before me. I can't fight that battle anymore.

I slide into my car, pulling my sunglasses down over my eyes, and start the engine. It roars to life with an angry sound that matches my mood. I pull out of the driveway and head to Patty's, planning on taking up her earlier offer of dinner.

The parking lot of the store is empty when I pull up, and a few stragglers are leaving the store. Patty closes for two hours for dinner, considering she opens late.

I give a halfhearted, cursory smile to the people I pass, and push open the door.

"We're just about to-" She looks up. "Oh, Kia. What can I do for you, sugar?"

"Room for a little one for dinner?" I ask sheepishly.

"There's always room for you in my house, darlin'." She bustles past me, her round figure jiggling. "Lemme lock this darn door before another pain in the ass Alabaman comes in, and we'll head on upstairs and get some food. Then you can tell me what's brought you here."

"Who says anything has brought me here?"

The key clicks in the lock, and she turns, shaking her brown hair out. Her gray eyes meet mine. "No-one needs to say it, darlin'. The eyes are the window to the soul, don'tcha know, and yours are showin' me that there's a whole lotta sadness in your little soul."

"That obvious, huh?" I smile sadly, following her through the small door leading upstairs to her apartment.

Eric is plating the food up when I step into the bright yellow kitchen. The place is as cheery as the couple that live here.

"Plate up another chicken, Eric. Kia stopped by!" Patty orders him.

"Yes, ma'am," he replies, turning to wink at me. I smile gratefully and sit at the old oak table.

"Now, let's get some food in ya then we'll talk over what's goin' on in your head. Unless I'm mistaken, Reese Pembleton has somethin' to do with it." Patty puts a plate in front of me, and I refuse to meet her eyes.

"What on Earth makes you say that?" I ask, picking up my fork.

"Besides the fact you ain't lookin' at me?" She chuckles. "He came in here last week with his Momma, the day after you got back, and the boy was in outer space. He's usually round this place like Roadrunner helpin' Marcey, but not that day. No, sugar, I'm tellin' you, you were on his mind, and I'd bet he's been on yours."

"I thought you said we'd get food then talk," I mumble and start eating.

"We weren't, but you got me started now, ain't ya?" Patty shakes her head. "There's somethin' about Reese. He's all bad boy with that darn tattoo and his devil may care attitude, but I don't think that's him."

"Patty, let the girl eat," Eric scolds her fondly.

"He's a softie that one," she continues on, oblivious to his comment. "All it needs is the right girl to bring it out in him."

"Observant," I mutter.

"Don't you go startin' with that New York City attitude on me, Miss James." Patty points her fork at me. "I'm a southern belle and your city attitude got nothin' on my small town one."

"I'm a small town girl, too, Patty," I remind her. "My attitude is as southern as they come."

"Just as well," Eric says. "You got her started now, Kia. You're gonna be here a long time, girl."

"I got a long time to kill." I shrug a shoulder.

"Tell me about it," Patty demands, starting to eat.

I sigh, setting my cutlery down. "You know what happened last summer? Well, before I left, we... Yeah."

"By "yeah," I presume you mean you slept together?"

My cheeks flame. Patty is way too old to be talking about this to. Holy crap.

She clicks her tongue. "Can't keep nothin' from me, Kia."

"Yes," I mutter. "We slept together, and then I left for college. But it ain't that simple. You know when you meet someone, and there's that spark?" Patty and Eric nod. "Well, I guess it was kinda like that with us. It still kinda is. My car had to go to Adam's for repairs; I saw Reese and I ended up getting dragged to Rock's on Saturday with Luce. He kinda... Kissed me."

"How can you kinda kiss someone?"

"Okay. He did kiss me. Better?" I raise an eyebrow. Patty nods, waving her hand for me to continue. "And then this morning my phone rings. I answer, and turns out he's sitting outside my dang window, up a tree, asking me if I'm busy."

Eric laughs loudly. "He was up a tree outside your window?"

I nod. "He was. We went to the lake behind his, spent the day there."

"So what's the problem?" Patty asks. "I don't get you kids nowadays. When I was a kid, if we wanted someone, we just went for it. None of this messin' about you lot do."

"The problem is I don't wanna end up like my momma." I sigh.

"And you think fallin' in love with Reese Pembleton would make you like your momma?" Patty slams her cutlery down. "Listen to me, Kia James. Just 'cause you're her daughter don't mean you gonna be like her. Your momma is the way she is because of a reason-"

"That reason is my daddy," I say quietly. "Because he left."

"Why did he leave, hmm? Did she ever tell you?"

"No. She never did."

"Then don't you go holdin' back until you know the reason." Patty's eyes hold knowledge I want, but I'm afraid to ask for it. "You ask your momma why he left. Don't punish that boy o' yours because of that, Kia."

"I'm not punishing anyone. I'm protecting myself."

"Are you? Are you protectin' yourself or are you just runnin' from somethin' that could be beautiful? Hmm?" Patty's eyebrows are so high they've practically disappeared under her hairline.

"It doesn't matter anyway." I chew some chicken. "Reese has an almost-girlfriend. We can be friends. That's all."

"You can't ever be friends with the person your heart cries out for, and you definitely can't be friends with the person whose heart cries out for you, too. That ain't the way it works," Eric comments absently.

I grunt, and focus back on my food. Why couldn't I just stay at home?

CHAPTER 4

Silence.

That's another thing New York City is lacking in. It never sleeps - there's never any peace, never any time to stop and think. Its go go go, never ending busyness. The small town girl inside is glad to be back in Alabama. Here, lying on my back in the yard, it's easy to think about never leaving. Easy to consider enrolling in the community college and packing New York in.

Then I remember everything. I remember that college is my escape.

"So why didn't you come back?"

I jolt and push myself into a sitting position, my glasses slipping slightly.

"What?" I look at Reese, shocked by both his sudden appearance and blunt question.

He crosses his arm against his chest as he leans against the tree where the tire swing is. "You never said. I mean, I've asked, but you never replied."

"What does it matter? I'm back now, aren't I?"

"I know that. But why didn't you come back before? Didn't you think anyone would notice?"

I can't help but scoff. "This is Harlan Grove, Reese. Of course people would have noticed, but that doesn't mean they'd care."

His eyes are set on mine, his gaze steady and unwavering. "I cared," he says honestly. "I cared a damn lot. Why didn't you come back, Kia? Why?"

"Why do you care, Reese? We both know what we had is over." I stand, unable to look at him anymore. I know it's because it hurts too damn much, but I can't admit it. And I sure as hell can't let him see it.

"Because it's you."

"That's not an excuse, Reese. That's like asking a toddler covered in chocolate if they enjoyed it."

"But it's the truth, and the truth is better than an excuse."

"Okay, I'll humor you." I turn, folding my arms across my chest. "Why because of me? You've probably been through a hundred girls since I left, and oh, there's also Hana. So why would you care?"

He walks across the yard, his assured steps swallowing it up in seconds. He jumps onto the porch inches from me, so close I can feel his breath across my face.

He murmurs, "Because it's you, baby. Because it's always you."

Standing here, so close to him, looking into his gold-flecked, hazel eyes, feeling his breath flutter across my lips, it's so tempting to give in. It would be so easy to fall into his arms right now and let him take away the fact I was putting my mom to bed at 3am because she'd passed out on the floor.

It would be so easy to give him everything.

"That doesn't explain anything," I reply, making to move.

"Doesn't it?" he asks, his hand reaching out for mine. He takes it, linking our fingers together slowly, the roughness of his hand a stark contrast against the softness of mine. His dark tan the opposite of my light one. "I think it explains everything, because for all the questions in the world, you're the only answer."

I narrow my eyes at him.

"Ask me anything," he suggests. "Go on. I guarantee the answer is you."

"Why are you here?"

"Because of you."

"Why don't you give a damn about Hana?"

"Because of you."

"What happened a year ago, happened. Things have changed since. Why won't you let it go?"

"Because of you."

And now for the million dollar question.

"Why does it matter so much to you that I didn't come back at Christmas?"

He blinks, his other hand resting under my jaw. His thumb traces across the crease of my bottom lip and along my cheek toward my ear.

"Because it's you. I was goin' damn crazy without you. I took the easy way out. I should have gone to New York and found you, but I didn't. I stayed here like an ass, every day thinking that tomorrow would be the day you'd come back to the Grove. I wanted you for ages; you know that. You had to know that after last summer. Every free second was all about us, what we did have and what we could have had. I had you, Kia. I thought once would be enough. But it isn't. Not with you. One night or one summer... It's just not enough for me."

I heave in a breath, my legs shaking. I step back, breaking the contact between us. "You know that's all it could ever be. We have two different lives. You're here and my life is in New York. Nothing can happen."

He clenches his jaw, and I turn away. "Don't run, Kia."

"I'm not running," I whisper over my shoulder.

"Yeah, ya are! You ran last summer. You didn't have to leave for another week, but you left here the morning after! You ran, and you're doin' it again. And you know why? It's 'cause you can feel it too, you can feel it's more than sex, more than a simple summer romance. It's been a year since I saw you last and I want you just as damn much as I did then! Hell, baby, I can't see anything other than you. I can't think about anything other than you. What do you want me to do, Kia?"

"I want you to leave it alone," I lie.

"Nah, you don't. You want that magic of last summer back, when there was nothing that mattered except us. I know deep down you want nothing more than to turn around right now and grab me and kiss me the way you used to. You want to remember was it was like not to have a care about anything other than the person right in front of you. You want it as much as I do. I want to wake up each morning knowing you're mine and I'm yours. I want you to fall asleep in my arms again just so I can hold you and kiss your forehead. We both know you want everything I do. You're just better at hiding it than I am."

He's pushing. He just keeps on pushing, and I have to give in. I'll give him what he wants. I turn so I can see him. So I can look him in the eyes.

"I want it, Reese, all right?" I shout. "Is that what you wanted? Are you happy now? I've admitted it. I want it all again! But I can't have it. I can't do that, so that's why I "run," as you put it. I'm protectin' myself."

"You're hurtin' yourself, and me. This summer, Kia..."

"But it won't be just this summer!" I yell. "It won't be one summer, Reese. It'll be now, and next year, and the year after. I wanna be around you, but not like that." I look down. "Friends, Reese. I wanna laugh and joke like we used to. I can't have more."

"Why?"

"Because the more I have, the more I want." I look back up, and he's right in front of me. "And I can't have any more than I've already had."

He sighs. "Kia, baby," he whispers. "You've already got it all."

His breath fans across my lips, and I breathe in.

"Then maybe its best if I give it back," I whisper. I turn from him, pushing the screen door open and walking through. I slide it closed behind me, glancing up at his still figure for one last time. I hold his searing gaze for a second before his lips move, forming silent words.

"I won't take it back," he mouths. "Think about that."

He jumps from the porch, disappearing around the side of the house.

~

Luce chews her way absently through a Twizzler and props her feet up on her coffee table. "So he turned up? Just like that?"

"Yep."

"And then left?"

"Yep."

"Damn." She shakes her head in amusement.

"What's so funny?" I demand, picking at the packet of Nerds on my lap.

"You've been back a week or so, and he's already on chase mode." She rips a bite of her Twizzler off and continues to speak through her mouthful. "He's like, what do you call it?"

"Uh, persistent?"

"Well he's definitely that. I tried to warn you, Kia."

"Don't do that "I told you so" shit with me, Luce. I knew he would say something, but I didn't think it would be quite like that. And I sure as hell didn't expect him to kiss me before that all came out." I sigh.

"Admit it!" she cries. "Just admit you had no idea what he'd do and that you still want him."

I half-scream, half-groan, and curl my face into the side of her sofa.

"When did the dinosaurs come back?" Leo, Luce's brother, questions as he strolls into the room. I grab a nerd from my packet and pointlessly throw it in his direction.

"Fuck off, Leo," Luce snaps.

"I'm just passing through!" he replies. "Y'know, squirt, it's my house, too!"

Luce gives him an evil look as he walks through into the kitchen, and I grin a little.

"Oh, how I've missed your bantering ways."

"You're not off the hook, girl. I'm taking your groan as admission of still wanting Reese Pembleton."

"I'm pretty sure I came here for support, not to be pressured into getting with Reese," I grumble.

"I'm not pressuring," she counters. "I just want you to admit."

"I already did."

"What? When?" She sits upright, staring at me.

"Yesterday."

"Oh no."

I purse my lips. "Oh yes."

"You told him you still wanted him?"

I open my mouth, then close it again, nodding instead.

Her eyes bug, a piece of Twizzler falling out of her mouth and onto her lap. "So why the f**k are you here with a face like a smacked ass, and not cuddled up against his very, very lickable body?!"

My lips twitch. God, I've missed her. "Because I told him I couldn't have him. And I'm stickin' to it, Luce. I mean it."

She picks at a thread on her pants, looking at me with her head tilted to the side slightly.

"What?" I ask after a moment of silence, wondering what's going on in her head.

"Kia," she says softly. "You're not your parents."

"So everyone keeps telling me - but I don't want to end up like them, either. I don't want to find myself just like my momma in fifteen years' time because Reese decided to take off. We're just kids, really. How likely are we really to find everything we're ever gonna need in each other?"

~

Mom teeters through the house on sky high heels, half-drunk, and I bite my tongue to stop myself saying anything. She's dressed as trashy as the bar she works at just outside town, and I find myself really beginning to wonder where it all went wrong. She got that job a few months before Dad left, and it's all too easy to imagine her drinking before he did. Maybe she just hid it well, or maybe I've blocked it all out. The few weeks around the time he left are a total blur to me, full of unanswered questions. I was never told why he left and I'm still not strong enough to ask.

I guess a part of me still believes he'll come back. Even now.

She blows me a cursory kiss, grabs her purse, and strolls outside to the waiting cab. Even on her night off, she still goes back there. The door shuts behind her with a deafening bang, and I chew on my thumbnail. This house. It's quiet, too quiet.

I could go and get my guitar. Play it out. Sing it out. Instead, I grab my cell from the coffee table with every intention of calling Luce.

But I don't.

I dial Reese's number.

"I wasn't expecting you to call," he says as soon as he answers.

"I wasn't expecting to," I admit. "Are you busy?"

"Are you offering to make me busy?"

"Are you being a jackass?"

"Probably." He laughs. "No, I'm not busy. Why?"

"I need to get out."

"I'll come and get you."

"I can drive to wherever I need to get to, Reese."

"I'll come and get you," he repeats and hangs up.

Damn him. I hoist myself up from the couch and get ready to leave. Pajama pants aren't gonna cut it, really.

A horn beeps outside, and I take my cell before running from the house. Reese leans over and opens the truck door from the inside, holding his hand out to help me up. I pause for a second, not looking at him, before my hand makes its own way into his.

His fingers are rough and hot as they curl around mine. I try to focus on where I'm putting my feet instead of the feel of his skin. I slam the door shut after me, taking my hand back, and Reese pulls out of the drive without saying a word. We drive across town in silence, and my eyes flick several times to the way his muscles flex when he changes gear.

"No questions?" I ask quietly, finally raising my eyes to his.

He stops the car outside his house and turns his face toward mine slowly, the faint glow of the light from his front porch casting shadows across it.

"No questions," he answers. "Why would I? I know you, Kia, and I know you need company, not someone that will dissect your day."

I smile, but I don't feel it. My stomach churns and it makes it harder to tear my gaze away from his burning hazel eyes and hop from the truck.

It makes it harder, because he gets me. He gets me in a way not even Luce does, and it makes me want him even more.

I drop to the ground by the lake, the almost-set sun casting a lazy orange haze across the water. Above that, in the darkening sky, thousands of tiny stars faintly twinkle. Reese hits the ground next to me and lies down.

I watch the sun as it goes down, slowly disappearing over the horizon through the trees.

"I'm confused," I say, breaking the silence. I lean back on my hands and look up at the stars.

"What are you confused about?" Reese rolls onto his side, propping his face on his hand.

"Why aren't you mad at me?" I ask quietly.

"What?"

"Ever since I got back, you've made a huge fuss about me not comin' back at Christmas, but you've never been really mad over it. If it bothers you so much, how can you spend time with me?" I look down at him. "If it really bothers you that much, how can you forgive me?"

"I haven't," he replies simply, staring into my eyes. "I haven't forgiven you and I'm pissed at you, Kia. Shit, I'm real pissed, but I figure if I start yellin' at you every time I see you, you'll run in the opposite direction. So I might be mad, but my want to spend time with you outweighs that."

"Huh." I turn away from him again, thinking how much sense that makes in a crazy way. "I was thinkin' last night."

"About?" he questions.

"Last summer. It was the best one, right?" I pick at the grass. "I spoke to Adam last night, and we were talkin' about that big water fight we had. Remember?" He nods, smiling. "When we were running all over town. I don't know if anyone didn't get wet that day."

I feel his eyes flitting across my face, tracing the lines of my profile and settling on my lips. I hold my breath because I know exactly what he's about to say next.

He chuckles low. "That was the first time I ever kissed you."

"Don't! Reese! No!" I'd screamed, hiding behind a tree. Reese laughed, shooting me with his pistol anyway. I pinned my back against the tree, breathing heavily, and he whispered, "Boo," in my ear. I shrieked and ran away, laughing at us. My wet hair bounced around my shoulders, and my white top was clinging to my body and showing the bright red spots on my bikini top.

I looked over my shoulder and shot him with the last of my water. "Oh, shit!" I cried.

"You're done for now!" he yelled, grinning like a crazy man. I could hear him running faster and see him closing in on me.

"Reese, Reese!" I shouted, seeing him get even closer. "Please don't, please." I laughed and stopped, bending over at the waist to rest my hands on my knees.

He stopped next to me. "Give in?"

"Yes," I wheezed through my crazy laughter. "I give in."

"Good." He grinned, uncapping the part of his pistol that held the water. It hit the back of my head, soaking me even more, and I cried out.

"Oh. My. God," I sputtered, straightening. "You did not just do that."

He looked around innocently, putting the pistol behind his back. "I have no idea what you're on about."

"Liar!" I stalked toward him, my eyes narrowed. He backed up until his back almost hit the tree, and I kept walking up to him. I stopped when we were inches apart, stretching my arm out to reach round him.

He dodged to the side, scooting around me.

"Reese!" I shouted, turning toward him. He grinned playfully, his eyes twinkling.

"What?"

"Stop runnin' away from me!"

"I kinda like it when you chase me." He waggled his eyebrows.

I sucked my bottom lip into my mouth to keep from smirking. I kinda liked chasing him. "Let me have that pistol."

"Why? Because it's bigger than yours?"

"Exactly!" I giggled, leaping toward him. He threw the pistol to the side, catching me. We stumbled backward and slipped, landing in a heap on the wet grass.

"You weren't supposed to catch me," I grumbled, peeling my body off his.

"You're the one that jumped on me!" he argued, chuckling slightly.

I rolled to the side, flumping backward onto the grass. I felt Reese shift, so he was lying on his side.

"You were supposed to just give me the damn pistol," I muttered, opening my eyes.

His lips curled up at the side. "That would have been no fun."

My eyes searched his. "Why not?"

"Because," he whispered, lowering his face to mine and causing me to hold my breath. "I wouldn't have been able to do this."

His lips touched mine. His hand reached my face, and he ran his thumb across my cheek. I kissed him back, one of my hands resting on his back. He tasted like the toffee popcorn he'd been secretly munching on all afternoon when he thought no one was looking, and his lips felt as soft as they looked. He tickled the crease of my lips with his tongue, and I responded by sucking gently on his lower lip.

"I know," I say softly, bringing myself back to the here and now. "I think you chased me into the woods deliberately, y'know."

"I did." He grins. "My plan was to get you alone all along and Adam's job was to keep everyone else away from us."

I snap my head up. I should yell at him, but I'm too damn amused. I smile widely. "I knew it." I shake my head.

"What?" he asks innocently and sits up. "Hell, I'd been chasing you for three months, but you kept blowing me off, taking me on those stupid double dates." I snort. "I wanted to kiss you so I did."

"Those double dates were kinda funny," I try. "I mean, Luce and Adam do have a thing for each other. I don't get why they never got together."

"Because the dates were never about them. They were always about us, just like that whole summer was."

"I guess you're right." I look down. "Everyone was just watchin' us; waitin' for the day we'd finally give it in and get together. And then I left."

He sighs, lying back again. "We never did get there."

"Oh, we got together all right. Just not in the way we thought we would. Maybe not in the right way, but we did," I trail off sadly, lying next to him. I expect him to say something else, but when I turn my face toward his, his eyes are shut.

Conversation over for now.

~

I open my eyes slowly to darkness. There's warmth behind me and I instinctively snuggle into it, closing my eyes again. Arms tighten around me, and I-

Arms?

My eyes snap open again, and the last thing I remember is lying by the lake with Reese... I roll over, grunting slightly, and look straight into a pair of hazel eyes.

"You're beautiful when you sleep," Reese says softly.

"Why didn't you wake me?" I rub my neck and sit up. His arms leave me, and I'm cold without the contact.

"You looked so peaceful. I didn't want to disturb you." He sits up next to me.

"Hmph." I stretch out my legs, shaking them slightly. "What's the time?"

"About ten," he answers.

"Dang it." I bite the inside of my cheek. "I need to get home." To be ready for my drunken mother's arrival.

"Why?"

I turn to look at Reese. "It's gettin' late."

"So?" His lips twitch upwards. "We used to stay out all night."

"It's different now."

"And just do stupid stuff. That's what you said you wanted, right? To be friends, and do the stupid stuff. Let's do it." He shrugs a shoulder.

I continue the chewing of the inside of my cheek and look up at the moon. "Fine. But call Adam, and I'll call Luce." I get up, taking my cell from my pocket.

"Why?" Reese asks. "Are you afraid I'll turn on my irresistible charm and you'll give in to it?" He grins.

I laugh quietly, my eyes meeting his. "Yep," I reply honestly. "That's exactly what I'm afraid of."

I call Luce, telling her to meet us at the diner, and she agrees, subtly asking me if Adam will be there. I roll my eyes when I go back to Reese.

"Is Adam going?" I ask him.

"Yep, he's gonna meet us there in a bit." His eyes bore into mine.

"Yes he'll be there," I repeat into the phone. "Bye, Luce." I hang up and slip it into my pocket. "Stop staring at me like that."

"Why?" Reese pushes some hair back from my face. I step back.

"Because I don't like it."

"Why not?" His lips curve.

"Because I just don't." I spin and walk back to where he's parked his truck. I wait impatiently with my back to the door, tapping my foot and following his approach with my eyes. He grins lazily as he saunters over me, making a show of digging his hand into his pocket for his keys. He gets them out, unlocks the truck, and slips his arm around me to open the door before I have a chance to move.

I look up at him through my lashes, and the gold flecks in his eyes are more pronounced. He tugs at the door, making it push into my back. It nudges me forward, and I catch myself before I'm right against him.

"Don't get mad," he says in a low voice.

"Why not?" I narrow my eyes at him.

He bends his head toward mine. "Because you're really hot when you're mad and that makes me want to grab you and kiss you until you can't breathe."

My heart practically jumps from my chest at his words, and I breathe in deeply. Reese's eyes flick down to my mouth.

"Friends," I remind him, letting the breath out at the same time.

"Then remember what I said," he mutters, his eyes slowly crawling my face until they meet mine again. "Because if I have to kiss you again, you'll be begging for something, and, baby, it won't be friendship."

Tingles spread through my body at his words as he drops his arm. I scoot around the door, climbing into the truck. He slams the door behind me, and I look down. My body is reacting to him in the way my heart wants to and its driving me crazy.

A year definitely hasn't changed anything. I was a fool to think it would have -, or I was stupidly hopeful. Either way, I was wrong. Whatever was there last summer is still there, but this time it's stronger, more obvious. And Luce was right, yet again.

Sooner or later we're going to explode. I just have to hope I'm back in New York when that happens.

Reese glances at me as he pulls into the diner parking lot after a silent drive over. I don't know what to say to him after what he said. I think if I do say anything, I'll be asking him to make good on that threat and that would totally go against everything I've said in the last few days.

I jump from the truck without saying a word, spying Luce's car on the other side of the near-empty lot. I leave Reese outside, pushing the diner door open.

Inside, I find my best friend sitting a corner booth. I pass the long bar and the brown booths lining the windows and slump into the seat opposite her.

"You look chirpy," she comments sarcastically.

"Uuuuuugh," I groan, dropping my head to the table.

"Uh oh."

"Mmmph."

"What did he do?"

"Is he in here?"

"No."

"He was him. His usual irresistible, sexy, melt-chocolate-with-his-words self," I mumble.

"Oh, he's turned on the charm," Luce says with laughter in her voice. I snap my head up.

"And the rest." I sigh, sitting back.

"I warned you." She sniffs. "I told ya he wanted it back, but cha din't listen, did ya?"

"Shut up," I grumble.

The door opens, and Reese walks in with Adam. They both go to the counter, make small talk with the owner, Chuck, and grab four milkshakes.

"Chocolate," Reese says, setting mine in front of me. "With extra sprinkles."

The exact drink I used to get every time we did an all-nighter. "Thank you," I say quietly.

"Y'know," Adam says, sitting next to Luce. "Y'all deciding on an all-nighter could make work a little tough tomorrow." He looks pointedly at Reese, who shrugs.

"There ain't much in. We'll be fine."

"We did like two a week last summer," Luce reminds him. "And you were workin' then. What's the matter? Did you actually grow up?" She grins.

Adam smirks, slowly turning his head toward her. His eyes rake down to her chest and back up again. "Hell no, but you definitely did."

I purse my lips to hold in my amusement, and Luce's eyebrows shoot up.

"That the best you got?" she asks. "'Cause my twelve year old cousin has got better lines than that, and he gets his from Family Guy."

Reese chuckles next to me, and I glance away from them, sipping my milkshake.

"You know where the Family Guy writer got 'em from?" Adam asks.

"Oh, I have no idea," Luce drawls.

"He got 'em from me."

"Poor guy."

I put my hand over my mouth and snort.

"All right, Kia?" Luce asks, smirking.

I nod, swallowing my mouthful of milkshake. "Fine." I choke.

Reese reaches over, patting my back. I sputter a few times and finally get myself back together.

"Thanks," I say.

"Any time." He drops his hand, letting it slide down my back in an innocently seductive move. I put the straw back in my mouth, clenching my teeth together. Luce and Adam are too busy bickering to realize Reese is now drawing light circles on my hip with his hand. I shift in my seat slightly, and he drops his hand, touching his foot to mine instead.

I sneak a sideways glance at him. He's looking at me; his eyes fixated on mine. He quirks an eyebrow, and I look away again. Sure, let's be friends.

I'm starting to think we have a very different idea of friendship.

"Let's go," Luce says, breaking my reverie.

"Why?" I look at her.

"Because if we stay here any longer, I'm gonna kill Adam. That and Reese looks like he wants to be doing something other than sitting next to you." She smirks at him knowingly.

"No point denyin' it," he shrugs.

I heave a sigh, standing. "This is gonna be a long night, ain't it?"

"Yup," Luce agrees, shoving Adam to the side and stalking past him.

"You know," Reese whispers in my ear. "If you'd left it just us two, we could have made it go a whole lot quicker."

I turn, jabbing a finger into his chest. "Keep it up, and I'll be goin' home. I mean it, Reese."

He wraps his fingers around mine, lowering my hand slowly. "Keep gettin' mad, and the only home you'll be goin' to is mine."

I huff and turn away, following Luce's footsteps. Douchebag.

CHAPTER 5

"You still ain't told me much about Vegas." I hop up into the truck bed and sit next to Luce.

She grins. "It's amazin', girl, I'm tellin' you. All the lights and everything, it's like a whole other world than here in the Grove. I love it there."

"Sounds like New York," I muse, smiling slightly. I lean my head back, resting it on the side of the bed.

"It's kinda nice to be home, though," she says.

I laugh. "Has the born and bred city girl been converted to a country girl?"

"Maybe." She wiggles her eyebrows. "Naw, I love Vegas and the city, but comin' home here at the end of the semester, it's great. There's a closeness here I ain't got with anyone at UNLV."

"That's 'cause everyone here knows everything about everyone, and probably even some stuff we don't even know about ourselves."

She looks at me slyly. "Like how we all know you and Reese are days away from getting it on, and you don't?"

I half-grin. "That's not gonna happen. We're friends. That's all."

"Mmhmm. Friends don't threaten to take the other back to their house just 'cause they're mad."

Blood rushes to my cheeks. "You heard that, huh?"

"He ain't as smooth as he'd like to think." Luce laughs.

"I'm about as smooth as the peanut butter you girls put on your toast on the mornin', Luce." Reese drawls and pops his head over the side of the truck.

"I don't have toast," she retorts.

"And I prefer my peanut butter crunchy." I smile.

Reese smirks. "You win."

"What are you doin'?" Adam yells. "Get your asses down here! Ain't no time to be sitting up there!"

"Sor-ry," Luce shouts back sarcastically. "I wasn't aware you had us on a schedule!"

"I'm tryin' to build a damn campfire here so you can toast your freakin' marshmallows!"

"Damn males! I should just do it my damn self!"

She jumps down from the truck, and Adam yells something back to her. I hear her gasp; then she stomps over to him. I smile, wondering when they'll just give it up and accept their attraction for each other.

Reese puts his arms out at the end of the truck. "Come on."

"I can climb down from a truck."

"I know that," he replies and shakes his arms once. "But I'm just helping you. You know, being friendly."

I raise my eyebrows, letting him grip my waist anyway. I put my hands on his shoulders, and he lifts me down, lowering me slowly to the ground. His eyes are on mine, watching me intently, and a small smile plays on his lips. I lick my bottom lip without thinking, and his eyes flicker down. I swallow against the thumping of my heart and force my breath out slowly, resisting the urge to let my body take control.

Reese's hazel eyes are darker as they meet mine again, and I let my hands slide slowly down his chest. His fingers flex against my waist, like he's fighting with himself whether to let me go or not.

I breathe a little faster against my will, and I see his chest heave once. My fingers graze his stomach, and I step back, loosening his hold on me. His hands brush my hips as he drops them from my waist, and I have to stop myself from wrapping my arms around my waist to make up for the loss of him.

"There's nothin' friendly about that, baby," he says in a low voice. "Nothin' at all."

I let out a shaky breath. "We're never gonna be able to be friends, are we?" I whisper sadly. "We'll never be able to get past whatever it is between us, will we?"

He shakes his head. "I don't wanna get past it, Kia. Not at all."

"I can't have everything. I can't. It's always gonna be all or nothing for us, Reese. There's no in between, there never will be."

"I'm not asking you fall back into my arms and let me sweep you off your feet," he whispers, moving some hair from my face gently. "No matter how much I want to, I'm not asking that. I'm just askin' you to let whatever will happen, happen. I don't get what good it is with you fightin' yourself every time."

"What's meant to be will be, right?" I shake my head a little in disbelief. "It doesn't-"

"Work like that?" He raises his eyebrows, his thumb trailing down my cheek and neck. "How do you know if you keep fighting it?"

His hand falls and as he walks past me, I realize tears are burning my eyes. My heart is thumping from being so close to each other, and I take a deep breath in.

"Shit," I whisper, blinking frantically and turning around.

Luce is pointing her marshmallow prongs at Adam threateningly and he's standing with his arms out innocently. Reese is sitting next to the fire with his arms hooked around his knees, staring into the flames. I flit my eyes between them all, finally letting my legs lead me toward Reese. I drop onto the ground next to him, crossing my legs, and stare at the fire the same way he is.

Just let it happen. Let it be. What's meant to be will happen.

Right. Because this is a dang fairytale, and I'm a princess that needs saving. No, its real life. I may be cynical and jaded because of my parents, but I don't need saving. I don't need anything that could make me anything like my mom; I don't want anything that could make me like her.

Reese is the only person and our relationship the only thing that could make me be like her... Yet despite it all, a rapidly growing part of me wants it.

~

After getting in at seven a.m. and promptly falling into bed, I crawled back out at two p.m. and finished the rest of the coffee we had laying around the house. Now, I make my way into the yard with my guitar as last night swirls in my mind.

Just like last summer, our all-nighter consisted of Reese burning marshmallows until Luce flipped and took over, and Adam making suggestive comments in her direction, all while I was sitting to the side, laughing and plaiting blades of grass. Because it's strangely therapeutic. And it - almost - took my mind off Reese.

Almost.

I settle in the tire swing and rest my guitar on my knee, running my hand along it. It's amazing that a bit of wood and string can bring me the peace I so badly crave.

I close my eyes. It's been weeks since I've played, but my fingers find the strings as if they were made to be there. I let the music wash over me; I let myself feel it. I let myself feel everything I've been hiding away. The music vibrates through my body, and I can feel the tension leave me. As always, the urge to sing overtakes me. It builds inside of me until the only way I can relax is by letting my feelings go in the only way I know how.

You smile at me,

I know the rules,

Step this way,

I'm not a fool.

With a charmin' smile,

You ask my name,

A flutter of my lashes,

An' I know this game.

My fingers in your hair,

Your skin touchin' mine,

Don't hold back,

I'm feelin' just fine.

Just one kiss,

See those darkened eyes,

A little touch of your lips,

And I'm mesmerized.

Just one kiss,

See those darkened eyes,

A little touch of your lips,

And I'm mesmerized.

Forever waits and I'm its slave,

My heart is yours, but I'm not brave,

Hold me tight, look in my eyes,

It's all you, you, you, it's you.

My words fade out with the chords of the guitar, and a tear drops to the wood. I swipe at my cheeks, relaxing my hold on the guitar with my other hand. I remember writing that song last summer after Reese dared me to write a song that reminded him of us.

"I bet you can't write a song about us," he'd challenged me.

"Is that a dare?" I raised my eyebrows in response, smiling a little.

"You bet it is." He grinned, leaning forward. He propped his chin on his hands and watched me intently.

"I'll write a song," I replied, tapping my guitar with my fingers. "I'll have it done by the weekend."

"Really?"

I nodded. "Really."

I went away that night, and for the next three days I worked hard on a tune and the lyrics. When I had it I called him, and we agreed to meet in the tree house in my yard at midnight.

I was sitting and waiting for him when his head popped into the tree house.

"Let's hear it," he ordered, pulling himself up. "See if you really have done it."

I grinned then, a big grin. He settled himself back against the tree trunk that the house was built around, and fixed his eyes on me.

I began to play, letting the music fill the wooden shack softly, and started to sing in time. My eyes closed, and I lost myself in the music.

When I stopped singing, Reese's strong hands pried the guitar from my fingers. I opened my eyes to find him setting the guitar down gently. He turned back to me, crawling across the tree house floor.

"You did it," he murmured, sitting in front of me and pulling me into his lap. I wrapped my legs around his waist, hooked my hands behind his neck, and nodded.

"I told you I would."

His hands ran slowly up my back, his fingertips drawing soft patterns. "Is that really what you think about us?" His eyes searched mine, looking for whatever I'd been hiding for the last five weeks.

I let my lips curl up to the side a little. "Song lyrics are the words your soul is too afraid to say."

His lips curved upwards into the biggest smile I'd ever seen him, and he pulled me even closer to him. His lips closed over mine, taking them in a searing kiss, and I knew that kiss was all the words his soul was too afraid to say.

As his tongue met mine, he lifted me up, and laid me backward, resting my head on the cushions I'd been sitting on. He lowered his body on top of mine, one of his hands traveling the length of my body. I tangled my fingers in his hair, holding him to me, and kissed him with everything I had.

I shake my head, banishing the memory from my mind, and rest my guitar upright against the tree. I look up at the tree house.

Dad built it when I was six, saying I needed some of my own space. Mom had argued that I had my own bedroom and that I was a little girl, therefore I had no need for a dirty tree house. I'd pulled on a pair of pants and sneakers and asked Dad when we were building it. He'd ruffled my hair, laughed, and I'd spent the next two days in the yard with him building it.

In thirteen years, the tree house has changed from a place to have tea parties with dolls, to a place for my teenage dreams to form, to the solace I find in it now. It's all that's left that's really mine. My dad isn't mine, and my mom belongs to the alcohol she so loves. The tree house and the music are all I have, and I hold onto them tight.

A part of my mind perks up, reminding me I could have Reese, and I bury it away. No - I can't have Reese. The music is the one constant I have, the one thing I can hold onto with the confidence it'll never leave me. It's inanimate, but gives me purpose. It gives me an escape.

But Reese... Each look makes my heart race and every touch sends me crazy, but eventually one of us would have to let go. Because eventually, everyone we love will leave us. My parents taught me that. One day, I would have to let him go.

I'm not sure if I'm strong enough to do that again. I'm not sure if I could walk away from him another time.

"I know that look."

I look away from the treehouse in his direction. He's leaning against the porch casually, his arms folded across his chest and his legs crossed at the ankles.

"Do you ever actually work? 'Cause you just keep on poppin' up here, and I'm starting to wonder if you're actually stalking me."

He laughs. "No stalking. I promise. And yeah, I work most of the time. It's quiet today, so I got the afternoon off."

"You spend more time out of that place than in."

"Maybe, but this isn't a bad alternative to spend my afternoon." He grins, and my stomach flutters a little.

"How do you know I'm not busy?" I challenge, raising my chin defiantly. He shakes his head, his shoulders shaking with silent laughter, and strolls across my yard.

"The only busy you are right now is playing that guitar, and you already know I could listen to you sing all day." He grabs the guitar. "So I'm just gonna get a tan here in your yard while you sing to me."

My lips curve upwards. "What if I don't want to sing to you?"

His fingers move across my guitar softly, and he sits down, positioning it in his lap. "Then I'll sing to you."

I laugh out loud, swinging a little. "You can't sing or play guitar, Reese."

"Wanna bet?" He raises his eyebrows.

"Uh, yeah. You used to look at my guitar like it was an alien or something."

"That was a year ago. I've learnt a few things since then."

"Go on, then. Surprise me and sing to me."

"Serenade you," he corrects, pulling his shirt off. "I do serenading."

"How did you work that out?"

"I'm a guy singing to a girl."

"Aren't guys supposed to serenade outside bedroom windows late at night?"

"Are they?"

"Yeah."

"Okay, then this is a half-assed serenade." He shrugs and I laugh again.

"Okay... But do you really need to be shirtless to do that?"

Reese looks at me from under his lashes as he gets comfy. "How else am I gonna get my tan?" he challenges.

I smile. I don't think I've ever seen anything sexier than Reese Pembleton holding my guitar, shirtless.

Jesus, I contradict myself at every turn.

He gets his hand ready, and his eyes burn into mine. "Don't hate me," he whispers, playing the first chords of the song.

Stay by Black Stone Cherry.

Mom played it endlessly after Dad left, and I taught myself the acoustics to ease the pain. Like singing it would bring him back, like begging would make him come back and stay.

The worst thing is that this song totally encompasses everything Reese and I are, and he sings it so beautifully. I never knew he could sing, but his voice has a husky, deep quality to it that combined with his southern twang makes me want to stay.

I squeeze my eyes shut, letting the swing come to a natural still as he sings. Tears sting at my eyes and one escapes, trailing silently down my cheek. I'm not even sure who I'm crying for.

I could be crying for the girl who wanted her daddy to come home. I could be crying for the girl who ran away last year. Or I could be crying right now for the girl so jaded by her parents that she's afraid to let go and fall into something that could be so, so beautiful.

And I realize I'm crying for all of those things, but mostly because I'm afraid. I'm afraid of never having that beauty. I'm afraid of one day, never looking into someone's eyes and seeing the love my father had for my mother.

But, ultimately, I'm scared of looking into Reese's eyes and not seeing that beautiful love.

Reese leans the guitar against the tree and his hands frame my face, his thumbs wiping at my cheeks. He touches his mouth to the spots just below my eyes, his lips hot against my skin. His body rests between my legs, my knees half-gripping his waist.

"I'm sorry," he whispers against me.

I shake my head, my hands twitching in my lap before making their way to his sides where I run my fingers along his skin. "Don't be sorry."

I breathe heavily, and his nose trails down the side of my face, his breath against my lips. He pauses, his lips suspended above mine, and when I don't protest he takes them in a gentle kiss. It quickly turns to more when I grip at him tighter, and he cups the back of my head. Our tongues swipe against each other's, and my legs squeeze his sides slightly.

"I just wondered if it was true," he whispers, releasing me.

"If what was true?" I look in his eyes.

"Would it? Make you stay?"

I swing back and get up, turning away from him. "I..."

"Because it's true. The lyrics, that is."

"If you love me, Reese, then it's the me you knew a year ago." I walk toward the house. "I've changed in that year; I've grown up."

"You think that makes you so different?"

"I know it does!" I stop and run my fingers through my hair, turning to him. "I know I'm different. I know I'm not the girl I was last year, the girl you say you love."

"Huh." He stands and tilts his head to the side. "That's funny, because the girl I know and you have a lot in common."

"Like what?"

"The way you smile when you're genuinely happy. The shadow of sadness in the back of your eyes you think no one can see. The way you bite your lip when you're concentrating, the way you run your fingers through your hair when you're frustrated. But you know what else is the same? The way you walk away every single time."

I have no words. How do you reply to that? How do you deny things that are so true to the person that knows every part of you?

"Why are you still here, Reese?" I ask in a quieter voice. "Why haven't you left yet?"

"I'm here because I can't f**kin' leave. You think I haven't tried, Kia? You think I haven't damn well tried to leave the way you did?"

"You haven't tried hard enough!" I yell, my emotions getting the better of me as they always have done with him. "If I walked away, you can too!"

"No, I can't!" He clenches his fists at his sides and starts walking toward me. "Even now, with you so blatantly pushing me away, I still can't f**king do it, Kia!"

"Why?" Tears leave my eyes. "Why can't you do it?"

"I don't know. Maybe I care more than you did."

I suck in a breath, his words cutting me right to the core, and shake my head. "Don't! Don't ever say that to me!"

"Why? You did it so easily, but it's so hard for me! You did it after three months of us, yet I can't do it after a year of nothing so it must be true!" He throws his hands in the air, and I storm across the yard to him, my palms slamming into his solid chest.

"The day I left I broke my f**king heart!" I cry. "You don't know how hard that was for me! You don't know how many times I cried my goddamn heart out in New York because I just wanted to run back here to you, so don't you stand there and tell me I don't care! I've always cared, and I still do!" I hit him in the chest again. "You don't know how much it broke my heart to leave you," I say quieter. "You don't know how much it would break my heart again."

He grabs my shaking body into him, crushing me against his chest, and my knees buckle. His hand splays on my back, holding me up, and the other cups my head. He buries his head in my shoulder.

"Don't ever tell me I don't care as much as you do." Tears stream down my cheeks. "I care too much."

"I should have come after you."

"And done what?" I laugh through my tears.

"Hell, I don't know. I should have said everything then instead of waiting for you to come back. I took the easy way out, and now look. It's just makin' everything harder. Maybe..." He takes a deep breath and places his lips by my ear. "Maybe if I'd just said it all then, maybe it would have been enough to make you stay."

"I'll never stay in the Grove," I whisper. "I can't."

"I don't give a f**k about this place." He tilts my head back and runs his thumb across my cheek. "Maybe it would have made you stay with me."

"Harlan Grove is your home, Reese. I can't be in New York and stay with you. Not that's how it works."

"Isn't it?" His gold-flecked eyes are intense on mine. "How do you know I wouldn't have gone with you? How do you know I wouldn't have left?"

"We were eighteen. Kids. Hell, we're only nineteen now."

"Why does our age have to make a difference? You think I give a damn how old we are? You think the fact we're still teenagers makes me love you any less than if we were thirty? 'Cause it don't, baby. It don't make a bit of difference to me." He presses his forehead against mine. "Now or in ten years' time, I'll still feel the same need to follow you wherever you go. I just wish I'd had the balls to do it a year ago."

"I wish you did, too." My voice is barely audible. "Maybe then it would be different."

"It can be different, Kia. You just have to stop being so damn stubborn and let me in!"

"I'm leaving again at the end of the summer. I'll just break our hearts all over again."

"Have you just listened to a damn word I've said? If it means I get to have you, I will follow you to New York and wherever the f**k you decide to go after that. I will follow you into the fiery pits of Hell if that's what it takes to get you to stay!"

Something, and I have no idea what, makes me finally grab him. Maybe it's the rawness in his voice. Maybe it's the determination in his eyes, or maybe it's the sliding of his hand into my hair.

My fingers wind around his neck, and I pull his face to mine, crashing our lips together. My whole body goes taut against his as he tightens his grip on me, his fingers digging into my back. I can feel my dress riding up as his teeth drag across my bottom lip, and I take a step backward, tugging him with me.

Reese's tongue dives into my mouth and we keep moving backward until my back hits a tree. He slides his hand down my back and under my sundress, his fingers rough as they cup my ass. The bark of the tree scratches at me through the light material of my dress. I'm burning everywhere we're touching, the heat grouping into a red hot pool between my shaky legs.

We break apart, both of us breathing heavily.

"You have about five f**king seconds to get inside your house before I throw you over my shoulder and put you into that treehouse." His low voice goes right through me, reverberating down my spine, sending tingles with the mixed threat and promise.

One. I look into his eyes. Two. I breathe in deeply. Three. His hand twitches against me. Four. I lick my bottom lip.

Five.

Wordlessly, he lifts me up and over his shoulder. I wrap my body around him, holding on tightly, and he scales the ladder to my treehouse where he places me gently on the pile of pillows I keep here. My hair fans out as I fall back, and he leans over me, looking into my eyes. Amongst the heat is a spark of playfulness, but as I close my hands around his biceps that spark melts into the molten hazel staring at me.

"I warned you." He mutters, lowering his face to mine. His lips kiss along my jaw to my ear and down my neck, changing from a feathery brush to hot, open-mouthed kisses that make my blood hum.

I push my head into the pillows as he moves further down, following the line of my dress. He adjusts himself so his hands are free and runs them up my thighs to my dress. It bunches as he slides it up my body, breaking our contact to pull it over my head. It gets tossed to the side carelessly as he moves his hands across my body, cupping my br**sts over my bra and easing down my sides.

He moves his mouth over the swell of my br**sts, his fingers probing my sides. They unclasp my bra, and he lets it fall away, closing his mouth around me and tugging softly on my nipple. I feel the tug right down to my core and gasp, arching my back into him, and he turns his attention to my other breast. Each flick of his tongue and close of his lips around me adds to the burning knot in my stomach.

My fingers sink into his hair and I pull him toward me, not bothering with being gentle. Our tongues mingle, and our teeth clash slightly as I force him into letting go because I need to.

His hand creeps inside my panties, and he teases me, running his fingers through the growing wetness there. He dips his fingers inside me, stroking in long, slow movements, and mimics the movements with his tongue. His thumb rubs against my clit with each of his movements, and I groan into his mouth. The steady movements keep up until I can't take it anymore. The feel of our bodies pushing together makes me want him more, and I move my hand down and undo his jeans. He takes them and his boxers off with the help of my feet, and I pause.

"I don't have..."

"Baby," he whispers huskily, staring straight at me. "I'm a guy. I keep one in my wallet."

My cheeks flame and he laughs under his breath, nudging my nose with his and swiping his mouth across mine. His fingers hook in the band of my panties, removing them swiftly. The sound of foil tearing reaches my ears, and a minute later, I feel him pushing at me as his tongue nudges at the seam of my lips. I open my legs wider and hook them around his waist, arching my back and neck as he slowly pushes into me.

I breathe in deeply against the slow burn I haven't felt for so long, and he wraps his arms around my body, holding us together. Heat swamps my body, and our lips meet again, solid together as we move, and I shudder against him. His teeth graze my bottom lip, and I tilt my hips upwards. He moves deeper into me, making me grip his back tighter with every thrust of his hips.

My head lolls back, breaking the connection of our lips, and Reese buries his face into my neck, kissing me there.

Shivers. Tingles. Heat. That's all I feel, all I am, when our bodies are together this way. These feelings consume me until I'm nothing but a quivering mess of clenching muscle and pure ecstasy.

They consume me, completely and utterly, until the only thing I haven't let go of is the one who makes them happen.

CHAPTER 6

We haven't spoke for two days.

Or rather, I haven't spoken to him for two days. In fact, I haven't spoken to anyone. At all.

When Reese left, all I could think about was that I was ending up like Mom. I'm falling deeper and deeper into him, especially when he turns up telling me everything I both crave and want to ignore. The problem is I crave it almost too much to do anything about it.

Almost.

"Jay these prices are freaking crazy!" I cry into the phone. "I knew it was expensive, but two thousand dollars a month? For a dang apartment? And that's the cheapest! I don't even make half of that working part-time at the cafe. There is no way I can afford that."

He chuckles down the line. "Remember who you're talking to."

"Yeah, yeah. Trust fund baby or not, I'm not going to live off you. No way."

"You won't be. You can earn your keep by doing that woman stuff. You know, cooking and washing my boxers."

My nose wrinkles. "There is no way in hell I'm touching your boxers - I have no idea where they've all been!"

He laughs again. "How about if I gave you a play by play of exactly where they'd been? Would you do it then?"

"Ew! No!" I shriek.

Just finished with sophomore year, Jay's been around the block more than a few times. We met in a few shared classes and hit it off straight away. Of course, it was me and what's inside my pants he tried to hit on initially, but he didn't take a lot of convincing. We've been best friends ever since.

"Just move in with me, babe. Seriously. You know I can't cook for shit, and this place is a mess. I'll wash my own boxers."

"I'm not moving in so I can be your bitch."

I can almost hear him grinning. "You won't be my bitch. Well, not my full bitch. My full bitch would be someone that could wash my boxers and satisfy in the bedroom. By the way that offer is still open."

"In your dreams," I respond. "I have most of my wages from the cafe saved. Let me pay you something each month."

He sighs. "Fine, but I have terms."

"You want me to make sure your laundry is done - minus your damn boxers - keep your place half-tidy, and not be around on Friday nights."

"Fuck, Kia." He sighs again. "You're like my perfect girl. Are you sure I can't talk you in to getting over that southern douche?"

"He's not a douche," I say softly. "I'm the ass**le, Jay. You know how it went."

"And you're still being one. Yada, yada, yada. That's the problem with you girls - you all complain when we're dicks to you, but when we're nice you crush us."

"Gee, thanks. What would I do without your oh so helpful insight?"

"I was just sayin'." He clicks his tongue. "Hey - you ever thought that if you just asked your mom what happened with your dad, you might be able to move on?"

"Yeah. A few times. But I don't know if I want to know."

"Goddamn, where's the girl I know?"

"What's that meant to mean?"

"The sassy, confident Kia I know. You go back to Alabama and you're like a f**king hermit crab too afraid to poke her head out of her shell."

"I..." Have nothing to say, because he's totally right.

"Hey; you don't have to spend the next three years in a dorm because I'm gonna clear out my spare room ready for you to come back whenever the f**k you want. Until then, you're gonna hang up the phone and put some big girl thongs on ready to go talk to your mom about what happened. Then, you're gonna process that and go speak to your cowboy. Have we got that?"

My lips twitch. "He's no cowboy, but okay."

"Okay?" He sounds a bit shocked.

"Okay. You're right." I shrug. "I've done nothing but be a whiny bitch since I got here. I've lead Reese on because I'm too much of a wimp to find out the truth. I need to sort my shit out, don't I?"

"Some groveling might not go amiss if you f**ked him then ignored him for two days." He sighs. "Yet another reason you're my kinda girl."

"Jay." I scowl even though he can't see me.

He laughs. "Go on. Go sort your shit out, like you say, and if it all goes tits up, I'm here waiting for you to get back, all right?"

"You're the best, Jay."

"I know, babe, I know. I get that a lot."

"You're also kind of an ass**le."

"I know that, too."

I smile, feeling a lightness in my heart. He's the biggest ass**le I've met, but at least he admits it, and it makes him kind of endearing. "I'll speak to you, later."

"You better. Love ya."

"Love ya." I hang up and make my way downstairs.

Mom is banging in the kitchen, presumably making a cup of coffee. Well, I think she is. It's three in the afternoon so it could go either way.

"Momma?" I say softly.

"Oh, Kia." She looks up from the counter. "I didn't know you were in."

You never do. "Yeah, just sorting out some living arrangements for next year."

"I thought you lived in the, er, dorm?"

"I do, but a friend said I can stay with him, so I'm gonna move in there."

She nods. No questions about who "him" is, no questions about how I'm gonna afford it. Never any questions.

I sit at the table in the middle of the kitchen and watch her. She really is a shadow of the person she used to be. The person who used to sing her way around the kitchen instead of moping, the person who used to dance with a mop just to make us laugh. For a second, I flash back to a memory where Momma was singing and dancing around the kitchen. Dad had grabbed her, laughing. He kissed her soundly, and I remember thinking how much they loved each other. How perfect they were together.

How badly I wanted a love like that.

How badly I wanted a love with the power to make me feel like a princess, complete with a fairytale ending.

"Why you starin' at me like that?"

I blink and focus on her. "I was... thinking."

"'Bout what?"

My stomach rolls a little, and not in a good way. I look at the table, running my finger along the grain of the wood. "Why did Daddy leave?"

Her mug bangs on the side and is followed by a curse as a bit of coffee splashes everywhere. I flinch a little, not daring to look up.

"Why? He ain't ever cared about you, Kia. Remember who left us. We didn't leave him. He's the one that ain't bothered, so why are you so bothered?"

"I know he left, Momma, and I know he ain't bothered. I just wanna know why he left. There's gotta be a reason, right?"

"The reason is he's a good for nothin' excuse of a man!"

"I can't imagine him leavin' us for no reason. The person I knew wouldn't have done that."

"Then he fooled us all, girl. He fooled us good and proper."

"I just... I don't get it."

"You ain't gotta get it, Kia. I don't get it."

I hear a cap unscrew and I look up. Vodka. Of course. Whenever it gets hard, turn to the bottle. Numb the pain. Drink it away.

"I just wanted to know."

"Well, now you do. He's an ass**le. Not everyone needs a reason to do somethin', y'know. Sometimes they just do it." She grabs a glass from the cupboard and takes the open bottle upstairs, leaving me in the kitchen alone.

I stare blankly at her still-steaming, untouched mug of coffee on the side, and wonder why she bothers making a drink of anything that won't numb whatever feelings she has left.

~

"You're an ass**le."

"Yeah? It's a family thing."

"Luckily for me I know how not to be one. Thanks to you three."

"Are you sure? 'Cause there's definitely some ass in you."

"The only ass she has is the growing one attached to her back."

"Are you telling me you don't know why you're single? Holy shit. You're not just an ass, you're a dumb one!"

"It's because you know it's true."

"He's right. You are gettin' one hell of an ass on you."

"Hey, lover boy is outside!"

"Both of 'em."

I bury my face in a pillow to fight the urge to scream and laugh at the same time. You honestly wouldn't believe that Luce's brothers, Leo, Lucas, and Liam are in their twenties. They all constantly bicker, and it's usually three on one... And I don't even know who's saying what. Sometimes their bickering is amusing. This?

This isn't amusing. Their ass comments will have Luce ranting and raving for the next two hours about them.

"Know what, Leo? Fuck off!" Luce snaps, storming into the living room. I look up. "Adam and Reese are outside. Let's go before I take the nearest rope-like item and string my brothers from Mom's balcony with Justin Bieber playing loudly."

I hide my smile and grab my bag as I stand and follow her out. I'm unsure how successful today will be since I never made it to Reese's house last night. Hell, I never even made it to his number in my cell. Nope, I totally ignored it after Mom stormed out.

But I didn't have much of a choice about going to the beach. If I didn't know better, I'd say Adam was organizing it all in a desperate attempt to get into Luce's panties.

I don't think she needs much convincing, if I'm honest.

Aside from that, the glint of Reese's red truck from behind Adam's restored, silver Mustang is all I need to know. Luce and I have been set up well and truly by Harlan Grove's professional smooth-talking, heart-attack-inducing, panty-removing duo. I'm half tempted to lick my finger and draw an invisible point in the air for them.

Reese leans over the seats and unlatches the door, grinning boyishly. The grin he has when he's up to something. I instantly go on the defense, wondering why he's grinning like the Cheshire cat and not spitting fire at me with his eyes.

"What are you doing?" I ask, my eyes flitting around the cab of the truck.

He laughs. "Why do you think I've done something?"

"You have that look. You've done something. And you ain't yellin' at me."

"I swear I haven't done anything." The "yet" is unspoken.

"Then you're planning something."

He doesn't say a thing as I get in, my eyes moving warily to his. He merely shrugs a shoulder and pulls out of Luce's drive, following Adam's car.

"That's a yes." I sit back and sigh.

"That's an "I'm choosin' not to answer," Kia, not a yes or no."

"Am I gonna hate you by the end of the day?"

"You could never hate me." He chuckles and shoots me an amused glance. I scowl. "Could you?"

"Uh, well, I strongly dislike you on occasion."

"On occasion?"

"Yeah."

"How often are these occasions?"

"It depends how often you want to ask me endless stupid questions." I swat his chest lightly, and he grabs my hand. His fingers lace between mine and he settles our hands around the gearstick so he can change up. I swallow, my thumb involuntarily stroking across his hand.

I've f**ked him in two different ways, yet he's here acting like I haven't ignored him for three days. He makes a big deal when I pretend we never happened but here he is... Doing that exact thing.

This makes no sense to me. At all. But if he can do it, I can, too.

"I have one more question," he says gruffly, glancing at me.

"Go on," I say warily.

"Are you gonna be wearing that dress all day?"

I suck my bottom lip between my teeth and look at him innocently. "Why?"

"I... You can't answer a question with a question."

"Fine. No, I won't be." I cross one of my legs over the other, my dress sliding up my thigh. Reese stretches his fingers on the steering wheel.

"You won't be?"

"No. We're going to the beach, right?" He nods. "Well, then. I've got my bikini on underneath. I'll be wearing that."

"Just that?"

"No, Reese," I say dryly. "I have a trench coat in my beach bag I was planning on putting on when we get there."

He's silent for a second, his eyes flicking to me and back to the road again a few times before he says, "I like it when you turn on the attitude."

"I don't have an attitude!"

"Like that."

"I don't have an attitude!" I repeat, shifting in my seat. "Do I?"

"Yeah, you do, baby. And I feel like I need to respond with my own attitude."

"The one that is supposed to sweep me off my feet, right? That attitude?"

We turn off-road, taking the shortcut we used last summer, and Reese nods. "That attitude."

"And how exactly is that attitude going to help you now?"

The truck swerves suddenly and stops at the side of the empty road. My hand is released, and I hear the click as Reese undoes his seatbelt. He leans over toward me, one hand on the back of my seat and the other resting on my thigh.

I look up from where his hand is on my leg and straight into his eyes. His nose brushes against mine as he breathes out across my lips. My eyes shut slowly, and his fingers dig into my skin a little.

"This attitude," he whispers huskily, his probing hand moving further up my leg until it reaches my bikini bottoms. He slips a finger under the waistband, running his finger along my skin from my hip to the clenching muscles between my legs, not touching them, and back again. His breath moves across my mouth as he breathes heavier than usual, and I can do nothing but sit here and let him do whatever. I'm frozen in place with anticipation. I'm blazing hot wherever he's touching me, and everywhere he isn't is ice cold.

I tilt my head back slightly, but he pulls away. I open my eyes and stare at a sea of gold flecked hazel. Hardened gold flecked hazel. Yep. He's pissed.

"If you kiss me right now," he breathes, his face as hard as granite. "There isn't a chance in hell we'll make it to that f**king beach today."

I say nothing as he slides his hand from my panty-line and sits back in the driver's seat. He takes my hand again and starts the car, pausing only to ghost his lips across each of my knuckles. I let him slide the gear stick between our hands; our fingers stuck together, and rest my head back to look out of the window.

What the hell was all that? I can't even... Just what?

~

Luce folds her arms across her chest, staring at the windbreak. "I am not hitting it into the sand!"

"Why? Are you scared you'll break a nail?" Adam mocks, grabbing it and knocking the wooden pole in with a rock.

"If I break a nail, Adam, it'll be because it's got itself embedded in your cheek after I bitch-slap you." She grabs her towel from the sand next to him and sets it down a few feet away. His eyes follow her as she pulls her dress over her head and lies back, looking out at the sea. I chew the inside of my cheek, fighting my grin, and Adam looks at me.

"What?"

"Nothin'." I release my cheek from between my teeth and let the grin take over.

"She on her period? She's been a moody bitch ever since she got in my damn car," Adam grumbles.

"Brothers," I explain.

"What was it this time?" Reese pulls his shirt off, and my eyes wander the muscles that stretch across his stomach. The muscles my fingers swept across just days before. "Kia?"

"Hm?" I look up, ignoring his smug smirk. "Oh, her ass."

"What about it?" Adam throws the rock aside.

"Somethin' about it growing. Damn, I dunno, Ad. I tune those three out half the time."

"Nothin' wrong with her ass," he grumbles. "Looks all right to me."

"Just all right?" Luce looks up and over at him. "Not amazing? Not even a "great ass?" Just "all right?""

"Did I say it wasn't great?"

"No, but you didn't exactly say it was, either."

"I-"

Reese slaps a hand against his shoulder and chuckles. "Give it up, man. She'll just keep going until you give her what she wants - and even then she won't be satisfied."

My eyes narrow at him, my lips thinning. He couldn't have added another meaning into that sentence if he'd tried. I wish he'd just come right out and say it.

"It's true. No matter what we do, it's always wrong."

"That's not true," I throw back at him, sliding my dress over my head and shoving it in my bag. I scoop the volleyball up and look over my shoulder as I walk toward the net they set up. "You get some things right, but it's so damn funny watching you get it wrong that we can't bear to tell you."

Reese's eyes glide up body, and he might as well be burning my bikini away with them they're so hot. "Yeah?" Our eyes meet, and in his I see pure fire of both the angry and sexy kind. "Pretty sure I know exactly what I get right with you."

Adam makes a half-laugh, half-cough noise and clears his throat. I ignore him, keeping my eyes trained on Reese's.

"Then you have no excuse to get it wrong, do you?"

He approaches me and grabs the ball, glancing at my chest. "Why don't we find out?"

"We could... But if I'm honest, I like it when you do get it wrong."

"Why's that?" His lips quirk upwards.

"Because you hate being wrong, so I know you'll try again, and as long as you keep trying to get it right, it means you care." I take the ball back from him and kick Luce's foot as I walk past her. She grumbles but gets up and follows me.

We take our positions on our side of the net and wait for the guys to join us. They both saunter over but, as usual, Adam pales in comparison to his best friend. At least he does in my eyes. I serve the ball, and we hit it backward and forward a few times until a smart drop shot from Adam draws me close to the net. I jump forward and spike it back over, scoring the point for us.

"Kia?" Reese mutters, stepping up to the net.

"What?"

"As long as you let me care, I'm gonna try. Even when you piss me the hell off."

I smile a little and glance down at the sand. "You just wanna get in my pants again, Reese Pembleton."

"Maybe I do," he acquiesces. "But as much as I like being inside your pants, I like seeing you smile even more. Even when I'm pissed at you."

"All right, you're pissed at me. I get it," I grumble.

He sighs.

I look at him. "Can I tell you something?"

"What?"

I hook one of my fingers through the net. "You got it right that time."

"I thought you weren't gonna tell me when I got it right."

"I wasn't." I watch as the volleyball sails over his head and lands on the sand next to him and beam. "But it distracted you long enough for Luce to score us a second point."

I laugh and turn, skipping away from the net. Luce puts her hand up, and I slap it in a high five.

"That was dirty, Kia James," Reese calls.

"Oh, you know me." I spin and put a hand on my hip, my amused grin matching his. "I like to play dirty. Besides, you're not playing right unless you're playing dirty."

Luce laughs loudly, smacking the ball back to a chuckling Adam. Reese smirks, stepping backward slowly. He stretches his arms up, flexing his biceps just as Adam hits the ball to me. I do a double-take, moving for the ball but missing it by a mile. Reese drops his arms with a smug quirk of his lips, raising his eyebrows in challenge.

"You bastard," I mutter, knowing he's just played me the same way I played him a few minutes ago. The way we can switch from a serious conversation to sexual banter without batting an eye amazes me.

"Am I playin' right now?" He laughs.

"No," I call back.

He stops laughing and frowns. "No?"

I bend over and pick up the ball, tucking it under my arm as I flick my hair over my shoulder, shooting him my most innocent smile. "You're still wearin' your shorts, aren't you?"

"Removal of them can be arranged, baby." He rakes his eyes across my body again. "But that's definitely a two-player game only."

"You two just need to rip each other's clothes off," Luce puts in. "All this sexual tension is making me want to rip someone's clothes off, so f**k knows how you feel."

Adam coughs. "These are old shorts. I wouldn't mind if they got ripped."

"They'd be the only thing belonging to you that is ripped."

Adam stops and stares at her for a moment. "You know what, Luce? I've always had this fantasy about making you really, really wet."

I blink in shock, and his statement has had the same effect on my scarlet-haired best friend.

"You what?" she sputters.

He ducks under the net and repeats himself, "I said; I've always wanted to make you really, really, wet."

She backs off as he approaches her with a mischievous gleam in his eye. "Oh, no!" she cries, realization setting in of what he actually means.

Adam takes off running, and she squeaks as she scrambles against the sand. I laugh as he chases her across the beach, finally catching her and hoisting her over his shoulder. Luce curses at him and beats his back through her laughter, only stopping when he runs into the water.

Reese grabs me from behind, and I scream. Reese tightens his arms around me and buries his face in the side of my neck. His whole body is shaking with laughter, and I take a deep breath to calm the frantic beating of my heart.

"You're a jackass," I breathe out. "You scared the crap outta me."

"Maybe, but you think I'm a hot jackass," he replies against my neck. He kisses the spot below my ear, his lips lingering there the way they did days ago.

"That's a good compromise."

"Mhmm." He kisses my neck again, and I turn my face toward him.

"What are you doing?"

"Stealing a kiss. Kind of."

I hear Luce scream another curse at Adam. I look over at the Sea and she's standing waist deep in the water, soaking wet.

"Looks like Ad finally managed to get her wet," I comment.

Reese's lips leave my neck as he looks up and laughs once. "Yeah, shame it isn't in the way he was really hoping for."

I slap his creeping hands away from my stomach and dance toward the sea. "Is that all you think about?"

"Yep. Even if you're in a bikini like that."

"Like this? Is there any other kind of bikini?"

"Yep." He grabs my hands, spins me, and tugs me into the Sea as gentle waves roll over our feet. "The kind that lives on my bedroom floor."

"Or the one that happens to come loose in the sea and floats away?" I raise a knowing eyebrow.

His eyes light up. "Exactly. I'm glad we understand each other."

"Don't even think about it, Reese," I warn him, fighting to get my hands free. His deep laugh goes right through my body as he pulls me against his chest, staggering slightly as the full force of the waves hit us.

"Think about it?" he grins. "Never."

CHAPTER 7

"I cannot believe you actually did it. I can't. Wait, where are we going?" I sit up straight and tap the dashboard. "This isn't the way home!"

"I know. And I did warn you I was thinking about it."

"Where are we going?" I repeat. "And I know you did, but I didn't actually think you'd try to undo my damn bikini top!"

"And I would have succeeded had you not tied the bottom string tighter than a nun's vagina," he says. "And it's a surprise."

"Damn good job I did," I mutter under my breath.

If I didn't, the poor kid just meters from us probably would have been scarred for life.

"You're still worried about that kid?" he laughs.

I look over at him, some of his damp hair sticking to his forehead and some curling at the collar of his shirt. "He was like, six! What would you have done if a girl flashed her boobs at you when you were six?"

Reese grins widely, looking at me as he pulls up by a load of trees.

"In fact, you know what? Don't answer that, okay?" I roll my eyes, and he laughs. "Can you tell me where we are yet?"

"It's a surprise, Kia." He repeats and jumps from the truck. I do the same.

"I know that, but we're here now." I look at the trees stretching up into the sky.

"No, we're not."

"What do you mean we're not? It's just a bunch of trees." I motion around us. "Not much of a surprise."

He smirks. "That's why it's a surprise. It's surprising, y'know."

I raise an eyebrow as he steps forward and takes my hand, tugging me along after him. "'Cause you haven't surprised me enough today," I mutter and clamp my jaw shut, branches crunching under my sandals.

"Heard that," he shoots back.

"Weren't supposed to."

"I gathered that by the damn mutter."

"Are you planning on killing me and hiding my body in the middle of nowhere?" I question.

He snorts. "You watch way too much television."

"Maybe." I look at the thickness of the trees and the lack of sunlight. "Maybe not."

"Just... Trust me. Okay?"

"Okay... I think."

He shakes his head, glancing over his shoulder and smirking at me. I shrug a shoulder and let him pull me after him, making no effort to fight it.

"You do realize flowers are an acceptable surprise, right? Hell... Just turning up unannounced counts as a surprise. But then again, you should know that since you do it all the time..."

"Kia?"

"Yeah?"

"We're here. Shut up." He stops and turns. "Or we'll turn around and go home."

"You can't take me home now!" I protest.

"Why not?" His eyebrows raise slightly.

"Because we're here. That would be the cruelest of cruel!" My eyes skirt across the trees that look no different to the ones back at the truck. "But it's exactly the same as it was five minutes ago."

Reese's lips twitch, and his free hand reaches up to push hair from my face, his fingers trailing down my cheek and neck. "Don't you know, baby? The best things in life are the things you can't always see. They're the things that creep up on you when you least expect it, but that makes them even sweeter."

"You're bein' real cryptic, Reese."

"Stop talking, and just listen."

I sigh but do as he says, staring at him and his expectant face. He swallows a little and his eye twitches the way it does when he's nervous about something. The sound of running water reaches my ears as his eyes search mine.

"Is that...?" I tilt my head to the side.

Reese backs into a bush and pushes some leaves out of the way, pulling me with him without saying a word. I have no idea where we are, but faced with the sight before me, it doesn't really matter.

Shadows cast over the area in front of us, falling easily across the pool of water and nudging at our feet. My eyes drink it in, the sunlight glaring through the break in the trees. It makes it easy to look across the surface of the still water to the rocky cliff behind it. But that's not what makes this place so beautiful - the pure beauty is in the water falling over the lip of the rocks to the pool in front of us.

I look around. There's nothing here apart from the water, the trees, and us. It seems unreal. It's the kind of place reserved for overexaggerated love scenes in movies, for exuberant declarations of love and forever - the scenes you simultaneously swoon and scoff at.

But this? This isn't a movie scene. This place is real and beautiful.

And I had no idea it even existed.

"How did you find this place?" I drag my wide eyes away from the waterfall and toward Reese.

He drops my hand, stuffing his in the pockets of his shorts and kicking at the ground. "I spent a lot of time thinkin' after you went to New York, Kia. I dunno what I was thinking about half the time. Hell, I don't even know if I was thinking half the time... But I ended up out here one night after Christmas. It was f**king freezing, but I just needed to be alone and away from all the gossip in the Grove." His eyes meet mine. "I found this place completely by chance, but I knew instantly it was your kinda place."

"It's beautiful," I say in a low voice.

"It's my treehouse."

I nod, looking away from him, and walk toward the water. It's crystal clear and even with the shadows cast over it by the cliff, I can see there's nothing there. No fish, no plant life, nothing. It's pure in every sense.

I bend down and stare at my reflection in the water; my still-damp, dark brown hair hanging around my face and falling into my blue eyes.

I hate the fact Reese needed a sanctuary because of me. I hate the fact what I did hurt him so much. Even though he's said it a hundred times since I got back, him bringing me here twists the knife he doesn't know his words have stuck into me.

I dip my fingers into the water and make it ripple across my reflection, distorting it freakishly. His phone rings, breaking the silence, and he curses under his breath as he answers.

"What?... You're kiddin' me? I told ya, Pheobe, I'm not her damn pet. You can stop checking up on me for her." Reese's voice strengthens, and I try to keep a hold on my emotions.

Pheobe Kirk. My least favorite person, and the girl that has crushed on Reese since she was thirteen. The girl Hana has on his back.

I bet she doesn't know about Pheobe's little crush.

"Yeah? Is she worried about me, or worried I'm seeing someone else?... Well, you can tell her I'm just fine." He snorts. "And you can remind her that she's not my f**kin' girlfriend, so it's none of her damn business who I may or may not be seein'!" His accent strengthens with the annoyance threading through his voice. It's one of my favorite things about him, and the very reason I used to wind him up so much. I'd do stupid little things we'd laugh about hours later, because his annoyance never lasted long.

He mutters under his breath but I don't turn around, no matter how much I want to. He said Hana wasn't his girlfriend, so it's none of her business who he's seeing. I'm not his girlfriend either, so it's none of my business why Pheobe is calling him. Hell, the whole Hana thing isn't really my business. Even if we are suspended in a f**ked-up relationship which is all my fault. Again.

I can feel his eyes on my back, burning into me, and I scratch the back of my neck as an unsettled feeling crawls across it.

"What?" I ask the water.

"Nothin'."

"No, what?"

"Just you," he replies cryptically.

"What's that supposed to mean?" I look at him over my shoulder, pulling my hand from the water.

"It doesn't matter."

I stand. "It does to me."

He shrugs, his hard eyes meeting mine. "Like the fact you didn't speak to me for two days matters to me?"

I flinch and whisper quietly, "Yeah; I deserve that. Just like I deserve you to be mad at me, but you ain't."

"I'm mad at you."

I laugh. "Then you're a damn calm mad. Nothin' you've done today has shown you're mad."

"What's the point in yelling at you? It ain't gonna change anything."

"What if I want you to?"

One side of his mouth pulls up. "You want me to yell at you?" he asks.

"Yeah - yeah, I do! I want you to be stinking mad at me and yell at me!"

He throws his arms out with a hollow laugh. "What've I gotta do, Kia? I've tried everything, but it's never f**kin' right. Shit, I can't even be mad at you right."

"I know."

He takes a deep breath and drops his arms. "So what's the excuse this time? For ignoring me?"

"I don't have an excuse."

"Good. I guess. I don't want excuses. I want a damn reason."

"I don't have one of those either," I admit.

"Great. Why did you even bother to come today?

"Despite Luce practically dragging me by my ears? Because I needed to see you. Even though I ignored you like a total shit for two days, day three broke me."

"Why?"

"I don't know!" I cry and rub my face. "This... This is so f**ked up. Everything about this place is f**ked up. Everything about how I feel is f**ked up, so contradictory. I've wanted to do nothin' but avoid you since the day I stepped back into town, and here you are asking me all sorts of crap. Well, there's your answer. I don't freakin' know! I have no idea why I'm here, I have no idea why I came today, and I have even less of an idea why I'm tellin' you all this."

"How do you feel?"

"What?"

"How do you feel? Or should I start?"

"What is this? Twenty questions?"

"I'm sick of pu**yfooting around the subject of us!" he half-yells. "Damn it, Kia! I don't want stolen kisses against my truck or an emotional f**k in a treehouse! I want you to tell me how you feel!"

"I don't get you. You just demanded to know why I came today and now you're asking me to pour my heart out?"

"Okay. You know what? I'll start." He runs his fingers through his hair and steps closer to me. "I've got nothing to compare it with, no benchmark to hold it against, but I'm pretty damn sure I'm completely in love with you. I'm also pretty damn sure I've been in love with you since last summer. This whole thing is the biggest headfuck ever, but I still can't let it go. I don't even have a reason why. You disappear for a year, come back, then do the same thing for two days, and let me tell you, Kia, those two days felt longer than that goddamn year! I guess I can't let it go because I love you, but I have no idea why I love you. You flit in and out of my life like a butterfly, and I'm still the poor flower sitting and waiting for you to come back every time."

I press my hands against my stomach, nausea swirling as the reality of his words hit me and the truth of them swirl around me and suffocate me. What am I supposed to say back to that? There's nothing that can change it, no matter how much I wish there was.

"I'm sorry," I whisper lamely, unable to look at him.

"And d'ya know the worst thing?" he asks.

I shake my head.

"The worst thing is that I'm waiting for you to turn around and walk away right now. I'm standing here waiting for you to run, all because you're so damn frightened of something that isn't gonna happen."

"You don't -"

"Know you? You know that's wrong. You know I do. Maybe that's why you're so frightened of hanging around. Is it? Is that why you have to run, Kia? Huh?"

My head snaps back up, my eyes drawn to his.

"You run because you're scared of the fact I know every single bit of you. I know everything about you, and you can't deal with that. That's exactly it."

I shake my head again; silent denial even in the face of a partial truth, unable to accept the fact we're tarring this perfect place with our imperfections.

"Yeah, it is. That's all it is. Nothin' else," Reese says simply.

"That's not true," I say quietly.

"You can't lie to me."

"I'm not lying."

"Run then. If you're not lying, run like you normally do!"

"Maybe I'm scared of giving you everything then having you walk away from me like I've done to you so many times!" The words burst out of me, and my hands tremble against my stomach. "Maybe it's because I know I deserve that. I don't deserve to have you stand here in front of me and tell me you love me when I've been nothing but a complete and utter ass**le to you since the day I walked away. I don't deserve any of that but for some reason I have it, and that scares the crap outta me. So yeah, you're kinda right. I'm scared of the fact you know me better than I know myself, but that's not all of it. That's not everything."

"What are you scared of, baby? What do you have to be scared of?" He walks across the grass to me; his eyes still fixed on mine.

"I'm scared of not being able to feel the way I do whenever I'm with you. I'm scared that one day you'll walk away and I'll never feel this way again."

"What do you feel?" His voice is low, quiet, and a whisper away from me as he stops. His hands grip my arms gently, holding me still.

My hands wrap around my stomach, and I close my eyes, unable to look at him.

"Love." The word is barely a breath as the ultimate admission falls from my lips. "I don't want to feel it, but I do. And it's not just any love. It's the all-consuming, once in a lifetime kind of love. That's all I feel whenever I'm around you."

"What makes you think the way I feel is any different?"

"Fear."

"Kia, as long as you feel the way I do you have nothing to be afraid of. Not now and not ever."

I open my eyes slightly and look straight into his. "How do you know?"

Reese brings his hand up and cups my face, rubbing his thumb across my cheek gently, and his other moves from my arm to my side. "I know," he says softly. "Because I'm afraid that one day you'll walk away - for good this time - and I'll never feel this way again, either."

It takes a second for me to realize the wetness running down my cheeks isn't spray from the waterfall - its tears. Because it's true. I fight it because I'm too scared to take a risk. I'm too scared to throw my arms up in the air and jump in head first.

I'm too scared I love Reese the way Momma loved Daddy.

I feel like a toddler learning about the world for the first time, that time where so much is scary because it's uncertain and unknown. I want to know what will happen the same way a toddler wants to know why they can't jump over the furniture or why it's so dark under their bed if there are no monsters living there.

I want someone to explain everything to me. To explain life, love, and even what it is about Reese I can't seem to let go. I can't resist him even though I wish I could. If I could, then I might not have to face up to the truth.

Because the truth is, no matter what I do or how I try to fight it, Reese Pembleton owns me. Heart, body and soul. It's all his. He owns me so completely and entirely it petrifies me.

And the only thing that's scarier than that is looking into his eyes and knowing I own him the exact same way.

~

I push the front door open, ignoring the constant buzzing of my phone in my pocket from Luce. The kitchen light is on, so I know Momma is home. Stupidly, a small part of me hope she's not passed out somewhere even though I know she will be. After all... It is past midnight.

The body slumped over the table in the middle of the room tells me that my hope was indeed stupid. The half-empty vodka bottle and empty glass tell me the same thing. In fact, they don't just tell it. They scream it, because she never hides it.

She doesn't lie about what she drinks, how much she drinks or when she drinks it. She's so casual it's almost like she embraces the addiction.

"Momma?" I shake her shoulder gently, trying not to startle her. "Momma, wake up."

She shrugs me off and sits up, rubbing at her eyes. Her dull eyes glare up at me surrounded by smeared make up. "What?" she spits.

"You need to go to bed. You're sleepin' at the table."

She stares at me for a second, so coldly it gives me chills. I know that look. The narrow eyes, the pursed lips, the clenched hands. It's the look that says she blames me for everything I don't understand, the one that makes me feel two foot tall.

"Go to bed. Right." She snorts, and her eyes catch the bottle. A shaky hand reaches out, unscrews the cap, and pours another glass. "Because sleeping alone is so appealin'."

I take a deep breath in as she downs the glass, not even flinching at the inevitable burn of alcohol against her throat.

"Goodnight, Momma," I say, turning around. "I'm going to bed."

"Runnin'. Runnin' runnin' runnin'! Just like your Daddy, you are. Always runnin' when shit gets hard." The glass slams against the table. "Fuckin' useless!"

I pause at the bottom stair. My fingers curl tightly around the banister, and I squeeze my eyes shut tightly.

"Always turnin' your damn back. Just like him. Neither of you give a damn about me."

"You know that ain't true," I throw at her. "I care."

"Right. That's why you go to school in New York and not Alabama." She snorts again, and the scrape of her chair against the stone floor indicates she's standing up. "Fuck." She smacks the fridge. I turn, and she's leaning against it for support with the bottle still in her hand.

She doesn't even care for the glass anymore.

"New York has better schools," I offer lamely. "You know that."

"Right." She draws the word out and smacks her lips together. "But you still ain't never come back, have ya? Na, you just damn well stayed up there in the big ol' fancy city, livin' the life."

"Or I was working my ass into the ground to keep up my grades, so I still had my partial scholarship for next year."

"And here I am... All alone. Because you both damn well run."

"I didn't run from anythin'," I lie. "I was walking toward a better life."

"Funny!" She swings around and looks at me, her smile anything but happy. "That's exactly what he said."

"I'm not Daddy. I came back, didn't I?"

"Took you long enough! But then... I never expected you to. Dunno if I even wanted you to."

Her words sting even though I know it's the vodka talking. But, as Jay always says to me, "Drunken minds speak sober hearts." Mom swigs from the bottle, chugging it back. She all but drops it onto the table, and it rocks before settling. My eyes focus on the bottle, not willing to meet her gaze. I know exactly what I'll see there.

It'll be the same old anger, dislike, and bitterness I see every time she gets like this. We've been here and done this too many times for it to be anything different.

And I still listen to it.

"I'll be gone again soon enough, don't worry." Sadness-tinged anger creeps into my voice, and I step onto the bottom stair.

"Maybe next time, you won't come back. Maybe next time you'll keep your ass up there in New York just like he has."

What?

My chest tightens. I turn my head toward her slowly, my eyes meeting her wide ones. "What?" I whisper.

"Nothin'. Nothin'. Fucking nothing." She yanks a cupboard open and slips, only just steadying herself on the side.

"No, what did you mean? "In New York, just like he has?""

"Nothing!"

"Is Daddy in New York?"

She says nothing, just stares at the wall.

"Is he there?!" I yell, holding onto the banister to steady me.

"Yes!" she shouts back, still not looking at me. "He's been there the whole damn time!"

I feel sick. Nausea is swirling around in my stomach, and the tightness in my chest isn't letting up. For the last eleven months, I've lived in the same city as my father and she never told me. Maybe it wasn't even in the same city - maybe it was the same district, the same area, the same block.

Maybe I passed him in the street and I never even knew.

"Why didn't you tell me?" I can't help the accusatory tone in my voice. "Why?"

"You didn't need to know."

"I was eighteen! I had every right to know where he was!"

"Why?" Momma looks at me now, her eyes hard. "He never bothered to find out about you. Never bothered to contact you!"

"How could he contact me if he never knew where I was?"

"He knew you lived here for five years after he walked out. Remember that, Kia? He walked out. On me and on you, girl. Even if he knew you were in New York, he probably wouldn't have cared."

I stare at her in disbelief. "I can't believe you never told me! That wasn't your choice to make. Even if I did find him, and he didn't care, shouldn't that have been my choice? Shouldn't I have even been given that option?"

"I was protectin' you!"

I push off from the stairs. "No, you weren't protectin' anyone other than yourself, and you know what, Mom? You can't even protect yourself - you say me and Daddy run, but runnin' is better than hidin' behind the rim of a bottle or a glass! The only person you think about is you - if you thought about me you would have told me where he was. You would have told me if you even knew!"

"Kia!"

I yank the back door open. "No. Don't Kia me. Don't anything me. The only thing you care about is the bottle you're reaching for even now! You could have torn my heart out and stomped on it, and you'd still reach for the bottle instead of me! And not that you care, but you have. Congratulations, Mom, you finally succeeded in what you've tried to do for the last few years. You've finally made me hurt just as much as you have been, because now I have two parents who betrayed me. The people whose job it is to protect me failed miserably so you can have the damn bottle for all I care!"

I slam the door behind me and run toward the treehouse. The cold night air bites at me as I climb the ladder and fall onto the cushions. Hot tears stream down my face, and I bite my tongue to stop myself from screaming, but the sting from that is nothing compared to the sting of betrayal lacing its way through my body right now.

Coming back here was always a bad idea. Ever since I got back there's been nothing but pain and heartbreak.

CHAPTER 8

Silence surrounds me as I make my way upstairs. I have no idea if Momma is even here... Like usual.

I let the hot water of the shower beat across my body and wash away the metaphorical dirt from last night. I let it wash away the sting that hasn't yet sunk into me until my skin is red raw.

I get dressed and grab my sunglasses, if only because they'll hide the bags under my eyes. I twist my damp hair on top of my head and take my cell. I go downstairs and head out into the scorching heat, wrinkling my face at the waft of hot air that slams into me when I open my car door.

As I drive through town, I head towards the garage on instinct. I had no intention of coming here when I got in the car. I don't actually know where I planned on going... But here I am. I put my car in park and get out, spotting Adam first. He looks up as I slide my glasses up and makes a face.

"Damn, Kia. You make terrible look good," he quips.

"You really know how to flatter a girl," I reply dryly. "Remind me why you're single, 'cause I just can't work it out."

"Ouch." He winks. "Did you get in a fight with a toddler on your way down here? You got a couple purple eyes there, Princess. And talking of that - why are you even here? Did your car break down again?"

"Oh, God. Where do I even start?" I put my hands on my hips. "I obviously stopped my car in the middle of the road to get a toddler's ball, then they repaid the favor by punching me in both eyes and shoving their ball up my exhaust. Then, in the time it took me to push my car here, I got drenched in sweat and both black eyes came out. Would you even believe it?"

He smirks.

"Or, of course, I had a bad night, didn't sleep much, and didn't let my hair dry after my shower this morning. But the toddler explanation is way more entertaining, right? Let's go with that." I smile a little at him. "But no, my car isn't broken. This time."

"It's my charm. It keeps her coming back," Reese says from the back room, strolling out casually with his coveralls open to his waist. He wipes his hands on his legs, and the smile drops from his face when he looks up at me. "Hey. What's up?"

I swallow, unwilling to break in front of Adam. "Nothin'. I just needed to get out, and I ended up here with you asshats for some strange reason."

Adam rolls his eyes and flicks my ear as he walks past. Reese's long stride swallows up the garage and in seconds he's standing in front of me. His finger hooks under my chin, and he raises my face to his.

"No, what's up?"

"I don't wanna talk about it right now."

"Kia..."

"Please, Reese." A hint of begging surfaces in my voice. "I just need to chill for a bit, okay?"

"Want me to see if I can get off?"

I shake my head and move his hand from my chin. "No. I don't mind hanging around here for the day." Our fingers slot together, and my eyes climb to his from his lips. "It'll be just like last summer. Right?"

His lips quirk, and he leans into me. "Right. And that means I get to do this." His face lowers to mine, and I close my eyes when his mouth brushes across mine twice. "Right?"

I open my eyes and whisper, "Right."

He brings his other hand up. The pad of his thumb nudges my bottom lip, and he runs it along the softness to the corner of my mouth to pull it up slightly. "Smile."

"Maybe later." I fight the very smile he just demanded of me.

"No, now," he orders, his eyes crinkling at the corners in amusement. "I hate seein' my girl sad."

My eyebrows go up. "Your girl?"

"Yeah you're my girl. You always have been, Kia, and you always will be. You try to find me someone that can tell me any different and see what happens to them."

I let my lips curve upwards, matching the smile on his face. "I might hold you to that."

He laughs quietly, bending his head down and kissing me again.

"Oi, Kia!" Adam yells.

"What?" I look around Reese to him.

"Are you stayin' or what?"

"Yep."

"Good, 'cause I got a job for you."

I let Reese's hand go and step around him, putting my hands back on my hips. "Oh, you have, have you?"

"Yeah, I have." Adam answers and grins lopsidedly.

"And?"

"I have an insane craving for coffee and doughnuts but I'm busy here and can't go and get it, so..."

"You want me to hop in my car, drive to the bakery and get you some, right?"

"And them there are the brains that got you into college!"

I shake my head. "Jackass."

He digs his hand in his pocket and walks over to me, tucking a twenty into my hand. "There's a doll. Buy yourself some, too."

I click my tongue as he chuckles to himself, walking away, but I'm smiling at the same time.

Reese puts his hand on the back of my neck and turns my face toward his. "Just like last summer, right?"

I shove Adam's bill into my pocket and grab the neck of Reese's tank top, pulling his face to mine. I stand on my tip toes to meet him, pressing my mouth to his firmly. I gently suck on his bottom lip, pulling it into my mouth, and run my tongue across it. His fingers tighten on my neck as my teeth graze along the surface of his lip. I step back, spinning from his hold, and grin, walking backward.

"You're right," I say and shrug, staring into his slightly hooded, hot eyes. "Just like last summer."

~

"I hope I'm getting paid for this," I grumble as I pass Reese a wrench.

"Ask Adam. And that's the wrong size."

"How am I supposed to tell them apart? A wrench is a wrench."

He slides out from under the car, covered in oil with his hair sticking out in every direction. He smirks. "They're numbered. See?" He and points to a number on the tool.

"Right - but that still doesn't help me if you don't tell me what number you need." I put the wrench back and glance at him. He looks at me thoughtfully.

"I don't think of them in terms of numbers. I think of them in terms of size."

"Again with the whole not helping thing."

"Eight. I need a size eight, Kia."

"Four extra than usual, then?" Adam hollers across the workshop, snickering. I cast my eyes downward and try to hide my smile when I pass Reese the wrench.

"Least there's somethin' there to add extra to, ass**le!" Reese yells back.

I perch against the giant toolbox, nibbling on my thumbnail. I shrug when Reese looks at me. "Don't get me involved in this. You guys can discuss your sizing all you like, but I'm staying out of it."

"It's 'cause she knows you'll lose!" Adam butts in.

"In your dreams," Reese replies with his eyes on mine. "No size discussions are needed."

"You know what they say, though. Don't you?" I twirl my hair around my finger innocently.

"What's that?" Adam asks.

I look at him. "It's not all size. It's performance, too. I mean, what's the use in a two liter engine if it doesn't help the car perform at full horse power?"

Both of them stare at me for a second, and my eyes flit between them. Neither says anything.

"What?" I question after a moment of silence.

"You just compared something to something car-related," Adam mutters in awe. "I'm pretty sure hearing a girl talk like that is almost up there with sex."

"Holy. Shit." Reese rubs his face. "I'm in love."

My cheeks warm slightly. "Yeah, well, I thought I'd spell it out to you guys, and I knew you'd understand the car referencing..."

"Uh-huh," Reese interrupts me. "So, what break horse power do I have, baby?"

I cough and double-take before composing myself and shrugging one shoulder casually. "I dunno - I mean, you might need a service or something."

He smacks his lips together and gets up. There's a mischievous glint in his eyes and I hold up my hands, scooting away.

"No. Don't you dare come near me covered in oil!" I cry to Adam's laughter. I walk backward and straight into the wall. Reese grins wolfishly seeing I'm boxed in and puts his hands flat against the wall either side of my head. His eyes are hot on mine.

"What are you gonna do, huh?" He flicks my nose, his finger brushing my cheek. I'm pretty sure he's left an oil smudge or two on my face from his deliberate move.

"Send you in for a service?" I say innocently, keeping my eyes wide.

He chuckles once and dips his head, leaning his hips into mine and pinning me to the wall. His mouth hovers over my ear and I try to push him off me. Half-heartedly - I don't really want him anywhere else other than where he is right now.

"I'm the mechanic around here, Kia. If anyone is giving a service, it's me, and I'm pretty sure you're next on my to-do list." He ghosts his lips along my earlobe.

"We, um..." I swallow against the urge to breathe him in. "I was serviced the other day, thanks."

"And if you think I need a service, I clearly didn't do a good enough job in servicing you." He cups my chin and turns my face into his. "Maybe I need to have a real good look at you and your bodywork."

Air rushes from my lungs at his words. My eyes are fixed onto his hot gaze, and I couldn't move if I tried. Even though there are layers of fabric between us, it feels as though we're skin to skin. I lick my dry lips.

"Hmm?" he murmurs, dropping his fingers to my neck and trailing them down.

"Maybe you need to do that shit in your own time and get to work!" Adam laughs.

Blood rushes to my cheeks and my mouth drops open. Shit. I totally forgot Adam was here - and that's one of the best and worst things about Reese.

With one passing look, one little touch, he can make me forget that the rest of the world even exists.

"I could," Reese smirks.

"You will," I demand, nudging at him, so he stands. "I need to go and..." I look down at my clothes. "Shit! You covered me in oil!"

"I really f**kin' hope that isn't another mechanical innuendo!" Adam shouts.

"No, actual oil," I reply and smother a giggle. "I have to go change now. Damn it, Reese!"

The smug bastard grins. I swipe my keys from the table next to me and poke my tongue out at him as I back out from the garage. He laughs, and I leave the garage in a damn better mood than I arrived in.

~

The doorbell rings and I put my cell down. "I got it," I shout up the stairs coldly. Mom says nothing in response, and I take a deep breath, opening the door.

I look into a pair of blue eyes. A pair of blue eyes I know, but I haven't seen them for six years. Neither have I seen the strong nose, the tanned skin, or the stubble on the jaw. And the only place I've seen the dark brown hair is when I've looked in the mirror.

I stare at the man in front of me like he's an alien. He might as well be. It feels like he's a stranger instead of the man I doted on for so many years. His blue eyes, the same as mine, study my face, scrutinizing me. The man who only yesterday I discovered I live in the same city as for most of the year.

The man who, despite my anger toward my mom, didn't try to contact me for five years when he knew exactly where I was.

"What are you doing here?" I breathe out, stepping back.

"I... You've grown up, Kia bear," he says.

I shake my head in disbelief and click my tongue. "You walked out on "Kia bear" six years ago, and I ain't heard a word from you since. What are you doin' here, Dad?"

Mom's footsteps thud down the stairs. "Kia, who is-"

"Surprise," I say dryly. I step back, letting go of the door handle like it's burning me.

"Leon?" Mom's eyes bug from her head.

"You look well, Mari."

She purses her lips. "Why are you here?"

"Can we talk about this inside?" Dad asks, looking in my direction.

I put my hands up. "Don't mind me. You didn't six years ago. No one does now." I turn and stalk into the kitchen, anger racing through my body.

It's all coming back - everything I felt when I found out he'd gone and that he wasn't coming back. The betrayal and the heartache. The ever-present sting of pain and the lonely ache in the pit of my stomach. The feeling of abandonment from the man who promised to always be there.

My hands shake as I grab a mug and click the kettle to boil. I clench my jaw when the front door shuts, and I have to suck my tongue to stop myself from turning and screaming at him the way I want to.

Because I still don't know why he left.

I never got the explanation. From Mom, from Dad... No one ever gave it to me, and no matter how much Mom thinks her excuses are an explanation, they're not.

I make my coffee in silence and lean back against the kitchen counter. I look at my parents coldly, shooting daggers with my eyes.

"Not quite the welcome I was expecting," Dad says softly, breaking the silence.

"Did you expect us to roll out a red carpet?" I raise an eyebrow. "Six years, Dad. It ain't like you went to Mexico for a month, is it?"

"Kia..."

"You left without an explanation. You just upped and went in the middle of the night. Am I supposed to cry and fall into your arms? Is that what you were expectin'?" I put the mug down. "Well I'm sorry to disappoint, but you don't get that. Not when either of you has ever told me the reason why I woke up one morning to find you weren't there anymore. Ever."

Dad's face slowly turns toward Mom, and she visibly shrinks back a little. "You didn't tell her the reason I left?" he asks, his jaw tightening.

"She never needed to know," Momma replies, getting up and reaching into the cupboard for a glass.

She slams it down. Grabs the vodka bottle. Pours it in. Downs it.

"Never had a reason to tell her," she continues, setting the glass down more gently. "I was gonna tell her when she got older, before she went to college, then she was so happy I couldn't do it."

She cared about something other than the alcohol? I'll be damned.

"You should have told her, Mari!" Dad thunders. He stands and slaps his hands against the wooden table, making it shake. "She has a right to know!"

"And who would have been here to deal with the fall out, huh?" she cries, turning to him. "It woulda been me, Lee! You never left a number, an address, or anythin'! She woulda hated me, and she would have had to live with it until now!"

I look between them, frowning. Neither of them are making any sense to me. "What are you talkin' about?"

Mom and Dad stare at each other for a minute. His hands clench. Hers shake. He tightens his jaw, and she purses her lips.

I can feel the tension. It's crackling around us, almost palpable in its intensity and effect. Almost suffocating in its heaviness.

Dad sighs, dropping his head, and sits back down on the chair. I look between them again when neither speak.

"Well?" I prompt. "Does anyone wanna tell me what's going on? Or should I say, what really went on?"

Dad looks up at me. "I left because your momma decided one man wasn't enough for her. She decided I wasn't enough for her."

My heart stops. I don't want what he's saying to be true. No matter how I crave the truth, I don't want to believe anything other than what I have done for years.

My eyes travel to Mom in slow motion. "Is that true?" I whisper. "Did you cheat on Daddy?"

She looks at me blankly. No twitch of her lips, no blinking eyes, not even a stray hair falls in her face. It feels like time is standing still as our eyes collide with each other's. Mine asking, and hers hesitating. I don't breathe until she finally opens her mouth and the truth comes out.

"Yeah," she says simply, still unmoving, still unfeeling. "Yeah, I did. I had an affair, Kia."

~

I climb the ladder to the treehouse. Somehow. Somehow, I do it. With the last burst of strength in me, I pull myself up, everything inside the wooden walls distorting behind the waves of tears falling from my eyes. I curl up on the floor and listen to the rumble of a car leaving. He's gone to wherever, and she's gone her safe place. And I'm in mine.

I'm alone the exact same way I have been for six years, but I've never felt quite as lonely as I do right now.

My phone burns a hole in my pocket. One message, three words. That's all I need to do and Reese will be here.

Do I need him? I don't want to need him. I don't want him to be the one that makes it all go away in only the way he can. I don't want to need him at all, but tonight I do.

Tonight, and maybe always.

I pull my cell from my pocket and type out a shaky message. Three words are all I need to bridge every gap, fill every hole and stitch every tear between us. Three tiny, simple words that mean more and hold more power than they should.

I let the cell fall to the floor next to me, hot tears burning blazing paths down my cheeks. I thought I knew betrayal. I thought I knew heartbreak. I thought I knew lies.

But I knew nothing. If I knew it all, it wouldn't hurt so badly right now. It wouldn't feel like every part of me was twisting into knots if I knew what real pain feels like.

Six years of being surrounded by lies and deceit. Six years of Mom burying her head under the sand and blaming it all on Daddy when none of it was his fault. Six years of keeping me away from him because she couldn't face her mistake. It wasn't his mistake, not like she was so adamant it was.

Reese's strong arms wrap around me, breaking into my train of thought. He lifts me from the floor and into his warm chest. Reese. He rocks us slowly, running his fingers through my hair, and I bury my face into his neck.

"It's okay, baby," he whispers softly. "I'm here. I got you."

"She lied. The whole time," I croak out, wrapping an arm around his neck and pressing my face into him. "She said it was him, but it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it was her the whole time and she lied!" The words tumble out almost hysterically.

"Who said what, baby?"

I take a deep breath, the words clogging in my throat.

"Talk to me," he begs. "Tell me what happened."

"Momma, she lied." I take another deep breath, pushing through the thick waves of emotion washing over me. "She told me Daddy left 'cause he was a good for nothin' excuse of a man, but it wasn't why. She cheated. She had an affair, and he found out, so he left. I've blamed him for six years. Six goddamn years I've hated him for leavin' me, and it was never his fault."

Reese doesn't move. He doesn't say a thing, but I feel and hear his sharp intake of breath.

"Every day I've watched Momma drink herself into nothin', and hated him for leavin' her. For leavin' us. I hated him, 'cause he didn't care enough about me to stay. I blamed myself. I thought it was somethin' I did." His arms tighten around me, and I continue, "He left in the middle of the night. I kept kidding myself, thinking he'd be back to get me and take me with him. Momma, too. Y'all started to look at me with pity, and that was when I realized he weren't ever comin' back. He'd gone, all 'cause of what she did to him. To me. To us."

I shudder, and he kisses the top of my forehead, letting his lips linger there. He's waiting; just waiting for me to shatter the rest of my walls and let him in, but I've already pulled down every wall blocking him out. I've already taken away everything I was holding between us.

Because I can't stop. It's started, and I can't stop. To tell someone, to tell him what happened. It's a feral need inside me, tearing through my body in the same way a river tears through a broken dam.

"Y'all know my momma lives for that bottle. You don't know how bad it is, how much she truly does live for it, but y'all know. Poor Kia, y'all say when you think I can't hear you. I've seen things no kid should have to see. I've picked her up off the floor more times than I can count, cleaned her sick, taken out the bottles. I've been the mom when I shoulda been the kid. I tried; I tried to tell her how she made me feel, but y'know what? All she cared about was him. The guy who left us. Suddenly I didn't matter anymore. I still don't. Not to her." I loosen my grip on Reese's neck and turn my face slightly, looking through the tree house window at the setting sun. "So I left this damn town as soon as I could."

His body tenses.

"I did what my Daddy did. I ran," I whisper. "I ran from what scared me, what I couldn't deal with. But unlike him, I had to come back. I had to come back to deal with his mess, and mine. He only came back 'cause he wants a divorce. After all this time, he finally came back for it.

"I'm done with it. They argued over this big secret, and I still didn't know it. She couldn't even tell me. He had to tell me. It was like the world had been pulled out from under me, and not in a good way." My jaw clenches. "And then she admitted it, just like that. 'I had an affair'. No guilt. No remorse, just her and her vodka. She had an affair; Daddy caught her at it and left the same night. He played happy families for me, and left while I was sleepin' the next night."

Reese's hand moving on my back is comfortable. So relaxing, calming. Just like he is.

"I've waited six years to hear from him. A letter, a call, even an email y'know? Nothing... I had nothing. And now I know why, 'cause he told me tonight." Hot tears flame down my cheeks as anger breaks through the sorrow and self-pity. "She stopped it. She got to every letter first. She disconnected every call and deleted every email. She said if he ain't man enough to stay with his family he ain't man enough to see his baby girl. Her. She stopped it all." Deep breath. "And it wasn't even him. She messed up; she cheated. She tore us apart, and she had the balls to say my Daddy ain't a man?" I shake my head. "She ain't a woman, and she ain't a mother."

Reese is still rocking me slowly, holding me so tightly against his body I think I'm about to mold into his skin. Silence.

This is me. I've bared my soul to him, the reality of my life that not even Luce knows. I've let him into a place no-one else has ever been, where no-one else ever will be. I don't know if I'll ever be the same again.

But I do know there's no pushing him away.

Not this time.

CHAPTER 9

The silence stretches for an age between us. Reese's arms wrapped around me so tightly feel like a protective wall between me and the house that just shattered everything I've believed for the last six years.

I breathe in deeply, the rich, woodsy scent of him filling my nose. It's so familiar. He's so familiar. Everything about Reese feels right.

His lips press against my cheek, and I turn my face without thinking. My mouth brushes his, and he pauses. He pulls his face back from me, his eyes boring into mine. I sit here, just watching him, looking at him. His mouth opens slightly, but he closes it again, dipping his head.

His lips are warm as they meet mine - properly this time. My eyes flutter shut as I grip his shirt, needing to hold onto him. He sucks lightly on my bottom lip, and he's all I can focus on. His hand creeps under my shirt, flattening against the skin on my back, and I pull myself closer to him.

"Let me take you away," he whispers against my mouth.

"Away?"

"From here. Even if it's just for a day, a night, or the weekend. Let me take you away, Kia."

"We can't just pack up and leave," I reply, opening my eyes to his.

"Sure we can." He shrugs, holding the back of my head. His thumb rubs my neck tantalizingly. "We get in the truck; I start it up, and then I take you to a place where no one here can find you. No one will be able to bother you or hurt you, and I can help make it better."

I smile sadly. "I don't think anyone can make this better, Reese. Not even you and your magic charm."

"But I can try," he insists. "Let me try. I don't ever wanna see you like this again. It's breakin' my damn heart to see you so broken, but this ain't about us. It's about you. Shit, it's always about you, but I can't see you hurting like this anymore. I need to see that beautiful smile on your face again."

"Where would we go?"

"Anywhere. We'll go wherever you wanna go. You wanna go to Vegas? We'll go. Back to New York? Say the words. Hell, baby, I'll hire a rocket to take you to the moon if that's what you really want." He smiles a little.

"The moon is a little far-fetched," I mutter. "Really, the beach would be enough, but we can't just up and leave. We have to tell someone."

"The whole point of this is so no one can find you," he reminds me, resting his forehead against mine. I raise my hand and sink my fingers into his thick, wavy hair that isn't spiked for once.

"What if we get lost?" I tease.

"Kia," he whispers, blowing on my lips slightly. "If it meant I was lost with you and never had to share you with anyone else, I'd deliberately get us lost."

"That doesn't give me a whole lot of confidence in your sense of direction."

"But you trust me, right?"

"I..." I pause, dropping my eyes. He pulls back.

"Look at me." I shake my head. "Kia. Look at me."

I raise my eyes slowly.

"Now don't just look at me. See me. You say your lyrics are the words your soul is too afraid to say-"

I swallow. "You remembered."

"Of course I remembered. It's important to you, so by default, it's important to me. Enough." He repositions us so I'm directly in front of him, both of us on our knees. He places a hand on each of my cheeks, our faces level. "Your lyrics are the words your soul is too afraid to say. My eyes are the window to the heart that's on fire for you, and only you. Look at me. See me for what I am, and believe me, Kia. Believe it. Really believe it, beautiful, and trust me. Trust that I'll never let you hurt this way again if I can help it."

I do. I look at him, and I really see him. I see the little cows lick in his hair he usually tries to hide with hair products. I see the tiny freckles dotting across his nose. I see the indents in his cheeks from his little dimples. I see his eyes, the hazel-brown color with flecks of gold thread throughout the irises. I see everything he's been trying to tell me since I returned to Harlan Grove.

The hope. The dreams. The wishes. The memories. The pain.

The love.

I shake, my heart beating frantically against my ribs. I rest my hand on top of his on my cheek, and he threads our fingers together, lowering them. He puts my palm flat against his chest, over his heart, and I remember.

"Feel it," he'd said as we laid under the stars.

"Feel what?"

"This." He took my hand and put it over his heart. I could feel it pounding under my fingers, trying to break out. In the silence of the night, I could hear it, the erratic, booming beat of an African drum.

"Crazy beats," I whispered, looking into his eyes.

"That's because you make me crazy," he replied. "It beats for you."

"Crazy beats," I whisper, my eyes fixed on his.

"It still beats for you, Kia," he whispers back. "Every day, every beat, it's all for you."

I shuffle forward so we're nose to nose and take a deep breath. "Let's go."

"Let's go?" he repeats, his lips curving into a smile.

I nod, my nose brushing his. "Let's go. Anywhere. Harlan Grove and all its crap will still be here when we get back, right?" He nods this time. "So let's go."

"Anywhere?" he clarifies.

"Anywhere."

~

Reese stops me before I get in the truck, putting his free hand on the side of my face. I look up at him questioningly. He bends his head and kisses me gently, melding his lips to mine. I reach onto my tiptoes slightly, his lips soft and smooth.

"In," he demands, moving behind me and settling his hands on my waist. He boosts me in, and I glance at him over my shoulder, smiling slightly.

"I can climb into a truck, Reese," I repeat the words I've said to him so many times.

"I know." He smirks, shutting the door. He walks around the truck and gets in next to me. "But that doesn't mean I'm gonna stop helping you. You can wipe your own tears, but if I have my own way, I'll be there to do that too."

I tuck my legs up to my chest, wrapping my arms around them. "Reese."

He backs out of the driveway and shakes his head. "No arguin', Kia. This weekend, it's about you. This weekend, out of this town..." He looks at me sideways, turning onto the road that leads to the interstate. "This weekend, you're mine again. Properly. That might change when we get back here, but I need you, and you need me just as much. Don't fight it, all right? Just let it happen."

I don't blink as I look at him. I don't move, save for the movement of the car as he turns a corner.

"I never said I was gonna fight it, Reese," I say quietly, honestly. "I wasn't gonna fight it at all."

And that's the damn honest truth.

~

"Where are we?" I mutter in a sleepy voice. I stretch my legs out, crying out with the ache there.

"Are you all right?" Reese spins in his seat.

"Cramp," I grumble, massaging my calf. "Your seats aren't comfy to sleep in."

"I don't think they were made for sleepin', baby." He laughs.

"Shut up." I rub my eyes, sitting up straight. "Where are we?"

"My aunt's beach house in Fort Raine."

"Won't she be here?" I raise an eyebrow at him.

"She's in Mexico with her new toy boy. This house is empty for the next two weeks."

I nod slowly, looking around at the paneled house. It's too dark to determine the color of it, but the soft glow from a light on the wraparound porch makes it look a pale blue. Either way, with the perfectly kept flower boxes at the windows, it looks like the perfect place to get away.

Reese opens my door and helps me out before grabbing my guitar and bag. "There should be a key under that flowerpot there." He nods toward a large pot next to the front door. I climb up and look under it, finding the small gold key and inserting it into the door.

"Wait; we can be here, right?" I say quietly before I turn it.

"Yeah. Aunt May said I could use it before she left."

I nod again and push the door open. The pristine little house is, well, pristine. There isn't a speck of dust. Ornaments and trinkets adorn the walls and shelving, and a bird wind chime hangs in the window to my right.

"Come on." Reese puts the guitar down and tugs on my hand. "I'll show you around tomorrow. Let's get some sleep."

I raise an eyebrow in amusement

"Yes, I mean sleep." He grins and leads me upstairs. "I used to stay in this room when we came down as kids. It's seaside themed - I know, cliche as hell - but it has the best view in the house. You probably wanna get changed first, so the bathroom is just across the hall." He hands me my bag, and I smile as I take it, turning to the door he points at.

The tiny white room is accented by a bright red floral theme. It's so different to the hallway it almost takes a minute for my eyes to adjust. I change quickly into a tank top and shorts and brush my teeth in the oversized mirror before heading back to the bedroom.

I push open the door and cross the room, nudging the covers aside so I can climb into bed next to Reese. My stomach flutters even though it's not the first time we've shared a bed, and secretly, I hope I get butterflies every time I slip into a bed with him.

Reese looks down at me, smiling lopsidedly. I gaze up at him, and my lips curve upwards a little. He drops his head from its resting position on his hand and touches his lips to mine, his hand creeping across my stomach to my back and under my shirt.

He holds me to him, and I grip his arm, digging my fingers in. His tongue runs along the seam of my lips, and I open to him, letting him slip inside. Our tongues mingle together, and oddly, he tastes like toothpaste.

My body pushes against his as I strive to get closer to him. My leg slides between his knees, and I can feel him harden against my thigh. His hands hold me flush against him, and my fingers move up to tangle in his hair. I wriggle slightly. A groan escapes his lips, and I feel it rumble through my body.

"Kia," he mutters, kissing along my jaw. My breathing picks up speed at the husky tone in his voice. My heart pounds and my lower stomach muscles clench as he slips a hand under my head, tilting it back. His lips make their way down my neck to my collarbone. Reese dips his tongue into the indent there, sucking lightly on my skin. I gasp, tightening my entire body as each little tug of his mouth against my skin sends tremors through me. My back arches when he kisses along my shoulder, but they gradually peter out.

"Why did you stop?" I whisper, looking at him uncertainly as he lays his head next to mine.

"Because after tonight," he whispers back. "You should just be held."

I rake my fingers through his hair. "I want it, Reese."

"You think I don't, baby? You think I don't wanna flip you onto your back, rip those clothes off of you, and sink myself so far into you we'll forget where I end and you begin?" I swallow, my eyes widening. "Because I do. I want to kiss every inch of your skin. I want to feel your muscles tighten as you come and then I want to taste every bit of it. But not tonight. Tonight isn't about any of that - it's about me holding you so tightly you'll wake up tomorrow morning believing I'm never gonna let go."

He kisses me softly, and I slide my arms down and around his back. My cheek rests against his shoulder and his against the top of my head. His fingers comb through my hair, soothing me, and I let my eyes close.

~

I wake to the smell of pancakes. Pancakes?

I roll over, stretching, and remember where I am. I'm not in Harlan Grove. I'm in Fort Raine, in Reese's aunt's beach house. No Mom, no Dad. No lies, no pain.

Just Reese.

I climb out of bed and run my fingers through my hair in a half-hearted attempt at brushing it. I make my way to the stairs and pad down them, my bare feet silent against the polished wood surface. When I reach the bottom I look around, searching for the kitchen. My nose leads me - the smell of chocolate and blueberries combined with the pancakes too intoxicating to ignore.

I lean against the kitchen doorframe, and a smile creeps onto my lips at the sight before me. Reese is standing in front of the cooker, shirtless, with his jeans hanging low on his hips. My eyes trawl up his back to his tattoo, and I follow the outline of it until I reach his face. He's frowning a little and his lips purse as he reaches to the side.

"Shit!" he mutters, dropping chocolate chips all over the floor.

I laugh, covering my mouth with my hand. He jumps and turns to me. His face breaks into a grin.

"How long have you been there?" he asks, bending down and sweeping them up.

"Long enough," I tease, looking at the floor. "What did the chocolate chips ever do to you?"

"Oh, ha ha." He laughs. "I didn't grab the packet properly, all right?"

I smile, walking over to him. Three plates are on the kitchen side, steaming. Two have both blueberry and chocolate chip pancakes on, and the other holds some that look a bit...

"They're a bit burnt." I poke the charred mess.

"They were my first attempt." He sounds like he's trying not to laugh at himself. "Shit, I'm a mechanic, Kia, not a chef."

I smile up at him. "Apparently not. Where did you get all this stuff?"

"I went to the store early. I wanted to make your favorite breakfast."

"How do you know my favorite hasn't changed?"

"Because you can't keep your eyes off the pancakes." He laughs again, reaching around me for the plates. He kisses the corner of my mouth, picks them up and turns. I spin, watching him set them on the table.

"Okay, you win." I sit down on the chair he pulls out for me. "They are my favorite."

"I know." He smiles a little, sitting opposite me. "Whenever we went to the diner after we'd been out all night, you always ordered these."

"Hm." I smile, tilting my head to the side. "So I did."

Reese winks, shoveling a mouthful of pancake in his mouth. I put a smaller piece in mine and choke it down. Reese is looking at his plate with his eyes squinted, and his lips turned up in disgust. He chews slowly, and I'd imagine I look exactly the same as he does.

"They're f**kin' terrible." He puts his fork down and looks at me.

"How do you mess up pancakes?" I ask, fighting the laughter bubbling up inside me.

"I... Have no idea." He shakes his head absently. I can't help it. The laughter bursts out of me, and I giggle uncontrollably into my hands. It's the look on his face - the furrow in his brow, the slight pout of his lips as he stares at the pancakes - that does it for me.

I push the plate away, leaning forward. Reese kicks me under the table.

"Don't laugh!" he says, and it sounds like he's fighting his own laughter.

"I'm sorry." I look up, and he's smiling.

"No you're not."

"You're right. I'm not." I giggle again.

Reese sighs, pushing his plate away. "I guess we're eating out, huh?"

"Looks that way." I get up. "I'll go get ready shall I?" I make to leave the room, and I hear the chair scrape. His arms wrap around my waist, pulling me back against him.

"Who needs food for breakfast?" he murmurs, kissing my neck.

I put my hands on his. "I do. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day."

"Mmhmm." He hums against my skin, his hands skimming down to my hips.

"Reese," I scold even as my head moves to the side. "I need food."

"I can feed you." He tilts his head, and I can see his wolfish grin from the corner of my eye.

"I'm sure you can," I reply dryly, stepping away and turning to him. "But I need real food."

"Fine." He grabs my hands, pulling me back to him and pinning them behind my back. I crane my neck up to look at him. "I hope you weren't planning on a busy day today, because you're gonna need all of your energy for tonight."

"Is that so?" I raise an eyebrow, my heart beating erratically.

Reese's hands release mine. He puts them on my back, sliding them downwards until they cup my ass. He pulls my hips toward him, and I can feel him hard against me. I rest mine flat against his waist and take a deep breath in.

"Damn right it is."

CHAPTER 10

I tug at the light scarf wrapped around my head, adjust my sunglasses, and sip my milkshake.

"I don't get why we dressed like this," I say, looking at the cowboy hat on Reese's head.

He grins. "Because this weekend is about getting away, so we're in disguise."

"But no one here knows us. Why do I need to be in disguise?"

He shrugs one shoulder. "Because it's fun."

"Fun. Right..." I glance at him innocently. "Is the disguise thing your explanation for your failed breakfast, then?"

He purses his lips and his eyes tell me if I keep it up I'm in for it. Naturally, I'm going to keep it up, because a small part of me just loves to wind him up. It's so easy to do, and he falls for it every single time. Without fail.

"Because, let's face it, we all know you can't cook. Especially not pancakes." I leave my glass on the table as we stand. "What did you put in them anyway? Half the packet of flour?"

"Kia..."

"Do you remember last summer? You always burned the smores. They're marshmallow. How the hell can you burn marshmallow? I mean, you're watching them on an open fire. That's like watchin' a sink fill up and letting it flow over the edges."

"Kia!"

"I'm just sayin', Reese. I should have known you'd have a crazy plan by the cooking attempt."

He grabs my hands and wraps our arms around my stomach, resting his head on my shoulder from behind me as we walk along the sidewalk. "I'm not that bad," he protests lamely.

"You burned marshmallow," I repeat, giggling and squirming when he tickles my sides. "And then you wiped it all over me."

He chuckles low, his chest rumbling against my back. "And then I kissed every bit of marshmallow off of you," he reminds me. "You weren't complaining when I was doing that."

I blush as he runs his nose along my jawline. "Maybe not," I acquiesce. "But that was only on my face."

"Hey, I can arrange to smear marshmallow all over other parts of your body if you really want. I'm pretty damn sure I'd have no problem kissing it all off again if that should happen."

I smirk a little and shake my head. "But then you'd get all the fun."

Reese spins around, grabbing my hands in front of me, and walks backward down the sidewalk. "Baby, if you feel like smearing marshmallow all over me instead, all you have to do is say the word. I would lie there quite happily covered in that sticky shit if it meant you were going to kiss every inch of my body."

"Are the abs included in that?" I give him a sassy look, and he tugs me toward him. His face bends toward mine.

"The abs are a requirement."

I press my mouth to his and take his bottom lip between my teeth, letting them graze over it. "Maybe we should buy marshmallows later."

"Or now. Now is good, right?"

I laugh, throwing my head back slightly. "Um, now might be a little awkward." I glance around at the tourists surrounding us. "And you promised to show me Fort Raine."

His eyes twinkle as he grins boyishly, and when he speaks, he exaggerates his accent into the long, sexy drawl that makes me want to lick more than just marshmallow off his abs.

"Kia, baby, the underside of our sheets count as Fort Raine, and it's a part I definitely have to show you."

I smile against his mouth, remembering just how easy it's always been to be with Reese. When I'm not fighting with myself, it's easy to see why I couldn't keep him away. Why I couldn't keep away. And now I've given up the fight, it's clearer than ever.

Being with Reese is as easy as breathing. Every movement. Every smile. Every kiss. It's all as natural as the sun rising and setting. Being KiaandReese... it's effortless.

"You're thinkin' again." Reese lets my hand go and cups my face, his fingers sneaking below the scarf to my hair.

"A little." I smile.

"What about?"

I look up into his eyes. "You. Me. Us."

"Uh-oh," he murmurs, dropping his hand. "It's never good when you're doin' that."

I curl my fingers around his neck, holding him to me, not caring that we're still standing in the middle of the sidewalk. Not caring that everyone else is having to detour around us.

"It's amazing that, after a year, it's like nothing has changed between us. It doesn't even feel like we've been apart, does it?" I blink harshly, swallowing. "Absolutely nothing has changed."

"You're right and you're wrong. We have changed, both of us. We've grown up a little - we know what we want from life now. We're not just a couple of kids that have finally been let loose on the world. We're older, more mature... But as far as me and you go, you're right. We haven't changed when we're together; we're still as crazy and impulsive and as lost in each other as we always have been. If anything has changed, baby, anything at all, it's that this time round there's not a damn chance you're leaving for New York unless I'm right there with you. I'm not makin' the same mistake twice. Know that when you go back to school in the fall, come hell or high water, I'll be right there beside you."

"I believe you," I say quietly, honestly. "Can I tell you something?"

"You can tell me anything, you know that."

I step closer to him again. He tugs my hair from the scarf, letting it cascade down my back, and he runs his fingers through it to the ends as I look straight into his eyes.

"When I go back to school in the fall, I want you beside me," I tell him.

Reese smiles, sweeping his mouth across mine. "You know I was gonna go whether you wanted me to or not, right?"

I can't help the small laugh that leaves me. "I know. Now get me ice cream."

"Bossy."

I grin.

~

"Where in the holy mother of all f**k are you?!" Luce screams down the phone. "I have been looking everywhere for you! Do you hear that? Eh-vah-ree-where! No one knows where you are! Or Reese! Where are you?!"

"I'm on a beach. In Alabama."

"Informative, Kia. Real f**kin' informative. Do you know how many goddamn beaches there are in Alabama? Huh, d'ya?"

"All right, Luce, keep your panties on."

"You better be with Reese. Has he kidnapped you? By God, I bet he kidnapped you. He did, didn't he?"

I bark out a laugh. "No, Reese didn't kidnap me."

Reese looks up from the small disposable barbecue he's trying to light and raises an eyebrow at me. I shrug a shoulder.

"Then my phone call best be interruptin' some red hot sex or, we need serious words." She pauses. "Shit, we need words anyway. I'm mad, Kia. I'm real mad. What the hell were you thinkin', takin' off like that?!"

"I'll explain everything when we get back; I promise."

"You've eloped, haven't you? I knew it. You better not come back married. If you come back married and I don't ever get to be maid of honor, shit is gonna hit the fan, Kia James."

I snort this time. "We are most definitely not married."

Reese looks at me again, this time both eyebrows raised.

"Thank God." She audibly exhales. "Can you tell me where you are? Then I can at least tell Reese's mom. She's a bit pissed he hasn't told her he was taking you off for a romantic weekend. At least that's what we've all assumed after practically fingertip searching the whole damn town for you!"

"Not so much a romantic weekend," I hedge. "More an impromptu getaway."

"Whatever it is, someone needs to call his mom. All she knows is he's taken you and disappeared."

"Tell her we're at his aunt's, and he'll call her later."

"And what are you telling me?"

"That we're at his aunt's and I'll tell you everythin' on Monday."

"Hmph."

"Promise."

"Fine. I'm gonna call his mom, but he owes me. You both owe me."

"You're the best, Lu."

"Yeah, yeah. I know. Use a condom." She hangs up. I blink at the phone a few times. Perhaps I should have sent her a message yesterday...

"You, er, probably should have called her or something yesterday," Reese says as if he's reading my mind.

"Ya think?" I roll my eyes. "She's mad. Like, way mad."

His lips quirk, and he rolls over. "We did kinda just take off."

"I know. I guess I'm just surprised she doesn't already know what happened. Isn't that what Harlan Grove is famous for? No one's business being anything but everyone's business and all that."

"Maybe no one heard?" he suggests, resting his chin on his hand and gazing up at me.

I snort, thinking of the screaming fit Mom pitched when Dad told her he wanted to get married to his new girlfriend and needed a divorce. Momma had gone completely crazy - complete with a glass meeting the wall and shattering all over the floor as she screamed all sorts of insults at him.

Apparently, she forgot she was, and is, the reason he left.

"No, someone would have definitely heard it. Or at least some of it. Enough to make assumptions, anyway..." I trail off.

"You don't have to talk about it."

I sigh and shake my head. "No, I do. Dad wants a divorce. Basically, he wants to marry some girl he met in New York two years ago, but since Momma cut all contact he had to come back and talk to her about it. I think he was hoping I wouldn't be around, but obviously, I was." My mouth twists.

"That's not so bad, though, right? He's come back; you know the truth, and you can all move forward however you want to. You can have a relationship with your Dad again. If you want it."

I swallow and look out to sea. The gentle blue-green waters lap at the edge of the beach, breaking as the waves collide with the sand. White foam takes its place, spraying out slightly. A silent coastal breeze circles around us and all across the beach shared by all the houses on this part of town. In the distance, a dock stretches out half a mile into the water. Little fishing boats bob on the surface of it, silently moving with the waves.

"No, all of that is great. I can talk to my dad and get the whole truth and build a relationship again, like you said."

Reese doesn't say anything. It's okay, though. I haven't totally processed it myself. Dad getting married again... The idea of him being with someone other than my mom is hard to swallow. I never imagined my parents with anyone else, even after all this time. I guess a part of me still hoped that if and when he came back, he'd be coming back for us.

"At least she isn't some college girl young enough to be my sister," I reason to myself out loud. "She's thirty-something with her own job and house and stuff. I just..."

"Never thought he'd get married again?" Reese finishes for me.

"Yeah. I dunno how I feel about it. Him coming back unannounced, finding out I'd been totally lied to for six years, then that?" I shake my head. "Talk about dropping a bomb on someone, y'know? They really did it there. I just... Shit. I don't even know."

I laugh, but it comes out as a half-laugh, half-sob. Reese sits up and pulls me into his side, resting my head on his shoulder. He wraps his arms right around me, and I squeeze my eyes shut tightly to hold back the stream of tears that want to escape.

I won't cry anymore. I won't give my parents any more of my tears. Not for this. Six years ago, yes. Three years, yes. Hell, even six months ago I would have locked myself away and cried. But not now. Now I'm going to be the person I pretended I was in New York... And the person I pretended I was before then.

The sassy, determined, confident person who takes things in her stride and doesn't take anything lying down. The person not afraid to speak her mind and be honest. The person who goes after what she wants without thinking about it, without overanalyzing every little detail.

The person who doesn't let the past of her parents define the present of her.

Because if I could pretend to be her so easily, then maybe she's the person I have been all along. Maybe she was just buried under all the bullshit of everyone else.

The smell of something burning reaches my nose, and I open my eyes.

"Um, Reese?" I mutter.

"What?"

"I think the barbecue food is burning."

"Shit!" He lets me go and flips over, grabbing the barbecue tools. He tries in vain to rescue the food from the hot coals, but when I look around him, all I see is charred burgers and pathetic looking chicken. Reese looks at the food, closes his eyes, and sighs helplessly.

I can't help it. I snort and cover my mouth with my hand, looking at him. Cooking really, really isn't his forte.

His eyelids snap open and he stares at me, a glint in his eyes. He smirks and dives toward me before I've fully comprehended the mischief in his expression.

My back hits the soft, hot sand, and he leans over me, his hands either side of my head. I look up at him as he slips one of his knees between my legs, essentially trapping me beneath him without even touching me.

"You do realize how long it's going to take me to get this sand out of my hair, right?"

Reese grins. "I don't care."

"And I'm practically wasting away because I foolishly let you do the cooking... Again."

"That's not my fault," he whispers, lowering his face to mine so his words cause air to cascade across my lips gently.

"You could learn to cook?" I suggest, half-breathless as he lowers his body on top of mine. His chest, rock hard from years of playing on school football teams, presses against mine, and our bodies mold together like they were made to be as one.

"Or you could cook. You're a woman."

"And that's sexist."

"Baby," he mutters. "I fix cars. I'm not exactly the guy on board with the whole feminism thing. Besides, you'd look good in a kitchen."

"I bet you think I'd look good on my hands and knees scrubbing a floor with a toothbrush, too."

"I hadn't thought of that, but you do have one hell of a nice ass, so now you mention it..."

"Now I mention it that toothbrush would look good stuck up your nice ass."

He laughs and brushes his lips across mine. "You cook and I scrub floors?"

"Sounds good," I mumble, snaking my hands up his arms to his shoulders. His lips touch mine again, softly, and I crane my neck to kiss him harder.

His fingers creep through the sand to cup the back of my neck and head, teasing my hair. My knee bends, my foot resting against his calf and my bare thigh rubbing against his shorts. Heat pools in my stomach as his tongue teases between my lips, meeting mine, and he slides his other hand down the length of my body and below the rising hem of my dress.

His hand holds my thigh against his, his palm rough against my softer skin, and he massages slowly with his fingertips, just brushing the bottom of my bum. My muscles clench with each ghost of his fingertips and my back arches into him.

Our kiss deepens into something more desperate, needier, and Reese suddenly pulls away. He takes two deep breaths before speaking.

"Inside."

He rolls off of me, and I don't need telling twice. I slide my hand into his, letting him pull me up and drag me in the direction of the beach house.

The door slams behind us at the same time Reese slams his lips back into mine. I gasp, shocked at the pressure behind his kiss, and he takes advantage of that. He sweeps his tongue into my mouth, the tip of it flicking into every corner. It glides along the length of mine, forcefully deepening the kiss, tasting me and claiming me simultaneously. I grip his hair, twining it around my fingers, and our feet move in the direction of the stairs. His hands cup my thighs, and he lifts me the way he did our first night together, wrapping my legs firmly around his waist.

He tugs my head to the side and takes his lips from mine. They blaze a raging, lust-filled trail of want across my jaw and down my neck. His breath is hot against my skin - so hot it makes the temperatures outside look arctic - and I know my breathing is just as rapid as heated as his. I know my grip on him is just as desperate and wanting and needing as his is on me.

I know my clawing as his clothes is just as frantic as his at mine.

My dress slides over my head seconds before I yank at his shirt. He drops over me on the bed, our lips crashing together again. I grip at his back, my toes finding his belt loops and tugging at them as if that will drop his shorts. Instead, my fingers trail around his sides and across his stomach to the button and deftly undo it.

He unties my bikini top at the same time his shorts drop. His tongue swirls downwards and around my breast, making my breath catch in my throat. It holds there for a second before leaving my mouth as a breathy moan, and his tongue flicks over the tip of my nipple, lighting my body on fire.

My hand slides into his boxers as he continues his assault on my chest, and I grasp at him, taking the hard length of him into my hand. I move my fingers along him, teasing him with varying degrees of pressure. He bucks his hips, pumping into my fist closed around him, and takes my hand away.

Reese's fingers find the waistband of my bikini bottoms, and he removes them swiftly. His fingertips stroke along the wetness at my core, his thumb finding my sensitive clit and rubbing softly. He sweeps his tongue along my lips, and I push into him, slamming our chests together, and the only thing barring total contact of our bodies is his arm between us.

His fingers dip in and out of me, curving and curling against me, making me writhe and push into him desperately. It seems like a forever of harsh pants, incoherent moans and whimpered pleas before he finally tears open a condom packet. The rip is music to my ears.

Reese breathes out deeply as he lifts my legs and guides himself inside me. Heat spreads upwards through my body. My muscles tighten, and my fingers sink into the skin of his lower back as he moves us together.

With our bodies so close, touching every part of each other and connected in every possible way, I've never felt so at home.

CHAPTER 11

I tear my eyes away from Reese's morning workout - shirtless morning workout - on the beach, and answer my ringing cell without looking at the screen.

"Hello?"

"Did you get trampled by a horse or something? I've been sitting here waiting for you to call since we last spoke."

I smile. "You do realize not all of the South is ranches, right, Jay?"

"Whatever, babe, just tell me if you finally pulled your head out of your tight little ass and f**ked your cowboy yet."

"Do you know how tempted I am to ask if you're g*y right now?"

"Why the hell would you do that? You know; I woke up lying next to a pair of double d's and an ass so peachy it'd shut down Walmart's fruit section."

My laughter bursts out of me. "TMI, Jay. Way, way too much info. But, yes. I pulled my head out of my "tight little ass.""

"Thank f**king God." He exhales. "I worry about you down there in Cowboy County without me keeping you straight. You get down there, and you turn into a little second grader."

My eyes stray back to where Reese is doing sit-ups. His eyes meet mine every time he sits up, and he smirks.

"No chance of that anymore," I reassure him. "Nothing here is going to walk all over me anymore."

"Kick ass chick. I knew it. Sure you-"

"I'm sure I'll stick with my cowboy, thanks."

"When are you coming back to school? Wait, you are coming back aren't you?"

There's a hint of wariness in his voice and I know that for all his money, the only person he completely trusts is me. I guess that's what happens when your dad keeps remarrying girls young enough to be your sister... And since Jay's dad is an actor, it's all in the public eye, meaning he is too. Meaning there's more to the ass**le, alpha playboy than meets the eye.

"I'm comin' back, promise." I get up and rummage through the cupboards for a glass, resting my phone between my shoulder and my ear. "It's college, Jay. I'm not flunking out for anythin'."

The slow breath he lets out makes me wish I could hug him.

"Good, otherwise, you know, I'd have to come there and drag you the hell back to New York."

"Talkin' of that, have you got my room cleared out yet?"

"Uh... I... Uh..."

I smirk. "Good job I'm not expectin' it, huh?"

"I started. Sorta. A little."

"Opening the door and decidin' you'll do it tomorrow doesn't count."

"Fuck off." He laughs. "Sure I can't tempt you back earlier? I have to go to some f**ked up dinner with my father next weekend, and I could really do with a date."

"Because you're so hard pressed for female attention."

"But you're the best date, Kia. You charm all those pompous, entitled f**kshits with that darlin' smile of yours."

"I wish I could, Jay, but I have stuff to do here." And I realize I haven't told him about Dad showing up. I launch into a shortened version of the story, and when I'm done, I know he's pissed.

"Shit, Kia. I wish I was there with you."

"I'm okay. I have Reese."

"Yeah, well he better take f**king good care of my best girl."

"He does."

"Good. I gotta go - but you make sure you call me this week, okay? You know where I am if you need to talk about your Dad."

"You're the best."

"Keep telling me that and-"

"There isn't much room left for your head to grow."

"Ha, funny shit. Love ya."

"Love ya." I hang up and put the phone down, turning round.

And come face to face with Reese.

"Who was that?" he asks, his eyebrow cocked.

"Jay. My best friend and soon to be roommate in New York."

Reese's face straightens out so it's totally emotionless. "I sure hope Jay is g*y. Or a masculine nickname for a girl."

"Not exactly..." I mutter.

"So, you have a non-gay male best friend, who you happen to be moving in with, and say, "love ya" to?"

"I think that about sums it up." I down the rest of my water, put the glass down, and move to walk around him. He steps to the side and looks down at me. His eyes are hard, and they cut right through me and rile me equally.

"And you never thought to mention him before?"

It's my turn to raise an eyebrow. "I'm sorry, I wasn't aware you required every detail of my college life. Oh wait, you don't. You're not my mom. You're my..." He waits as I stare at him. I c**k my head to the side. "What are you, exactly?"

"Boyfriend?" he offers.

"Okay. Then you're my boyfriend." Butterflies flit about in my stomach, and his lips twitch slightly.

"And you don't think your boyfriend should be aware of your non-gay future roommate?" he questions.

"He is aware. Newly aware, albeit, but I'm sure that's the whole point of this conversation."

"Mhmm. And he isn't amused."

"What a surprise," I murmur, looking at our feet.

"Hey." Reese hooks his finger under my chin and tilts it up so I meet his eyes. "You can't blame me for not likin' the idea of my girl living with another guy."

"Not liking?"

"Okay, f**king hating."

That much better matches the ice in his tone.

"We're friends. That's all. He needs me as much as I need him," I explain.

"And you can't live in a dorm like you have been for the last year? You really need to live with another guy?"

I suck on my tongue for a second, trying not to snap. One of us is being slightly irrational here. The problem is; I don't know which one of us it is... He has every right to be annoyed about me living with another guy, but considering the other guy is strictly in the friend-zone, he doesn't have a right to demand I don't.

"I promised him. Besides, Jay is too busy sleeping with anything with a pulse to worry about me. I made it clear the first time we met he wouldn't have his way with me."

Reese's eyes darken several shades. I shouldn't have said that. I really should not have said that.

"That doesn't make me feel a whole lot better about this, y'know?" he says dryly.

I swallow as he steps closer, catching the glint in his eye.

Possessive. Protective. It's a glint that says I'm his, no one else's, and he'll fight for me until everyone knows it. It tells me he's not letting me go after everything we've been through, after how long we've been apart already.

And the shine of worry there... It tells me he's still scared he'll lose the fight, and I'll leave again.

I cup his face, reaching up on my tip toes until the tips of our noses are touching. "I told Jay we'd never be more than friends because of you. Even in New York, thousands of miles away from the Grove, I couldn't imagine being with anyone other than you. And he gets that. Jay knows how hung up I am on you. He's the one who watched me fight with myself about being away from you, about not answering your calls. He's the one who was there when I missed you so bad I could barely breathe through crying. But it was always you. You're the constant. It didn't matter how long we'd been apart or how many guys looked my way. It was always, always you."

I touch my lips to his, knowing no words can really tell him everything. Knowing there's not enough words to tell him everything.

How could there be? It's inconceivable to think there's enough words out there to describe the pain or the guilt I felt about leaving him, or that there's enough to apologize.

And I know for a fact there's no words to describe to him how I feel. How I've always felt. There's no words to describe the burning love I have for him.

Reese wraps his arms around my waist, pulling me into him, and buries his face in my neck. My cheek is flat against his hot skin, and I press my body hard against his.

"It's a damn good job I plan on coming to New York with you to keep an eye on this Jay guy," he mumbles into my hair.

My lips twitch into a smile against his skin at his words, and I run my fingers through his hair. "I love you, Reese."

His grip tightens on me, and his lips kiss the spot just below my ear tenderly. "And I love you, baby."

~

Sunday passes too quickly - almost as quickly as the ice cream we got after lunch that melted before we could finish - and before I know it I'm back in Reese's truck, and we're pulling into my driveway.

I look up at the house. The only light that's on is the porch light that flickered when we first drove up, and for the first time in years the dark house seems ominous. Maybe it's because I don't know what I'm gonna find when I open the door, or maybe it's because I don't know what's gonna happen the next time I come face to face with my mom.

I swallow. Reese reaches over the gearstick to take my hand, and I can feel his eyes burning holes into the side of my head.

"You don't have to go home yet. You can stay with me tonight, or I'll drive you to Luce's. Wherever."

I want him to take me to his place, but my head shakes in the negative. "I have to go home sooner or later, and as appealing as later sounds right now, it isn't gonna do me any favors."

He nods and lets my hand go. I slide from the truck, digging in my purse for my house keys. I unlock the front door and push it open, squeezing through when it catches on a pile of mail. She hasn't even been home since Friday night...

I sigh, bending down to pick it up. Here I am, I think, flicking through the envelopes. Here I am, playing parent yet again. I take out the bills and rest them on the side, my eyes catching on a large envelope with my name hand-written. My eyes narrow as I run my finger along the flap, the handwriting vaguely familiar to me from ghosts of memories of years past.

I stop, my finger millimeters from the edge of the flap.

Dad's writing.

Reese hauls my stuff into the hallway, talking about something. I stand still, staring at the envelope. I can barely breathe. For as long as I can remember, the item in my hand is the very thing I craved. The thing I needed and wanted more than the air I breathe every day... But now? Now I'm not so sure.

After all, didn't I crave the truth about why he left? And look how well that went down...

"Kia?" Reese says my name softly, and I let my eyes slowly move to his. "What's wrong?"

"It's a letter," I reply in a shaky voice.

"I can see that."

"From my dad." My voice cracks in the middle of the word "dad," and I find myself swallowing again.

"Ah." Reese shuts the door and leans against it. "And you don't want to open it?"

"I don't know," I say slowly. "I think I do. No, I do. But I'm scared. What if it tells me everything I've always thought?"

"Even though you know the truth now?"

I nod, my thumb slicing the last of the envelope flap. "I guess I have nothing to lose."

My shaky fingers pull the letter from the envelope. I let it drop to the floor as I unfold the piece of paper.

Kia,

I'm sorry for the way I showed up on Friday. If I could have, I would have explained more then, but I'm sure you know why I didn't. I'd tried to call beforehand, but your mom obviously changed the number or she blocked mine.

I'm staying at the Eagle just outside the Grove - you know it. Your gran always used to stay here when she came back to visit before she died. I'm here until next Friday when I have to go back home, and I'd love if you could come and see me. I don't think it's wise for me to come back into town for a day or two.

I want us to talk - just me and you - so I can explain everything from my side. I don't know what your mom has told you over the years, if anything, and if she has, how much of it is true. I hope you'll give me the chance to tell you my side.

I never stopped missing you, Kia bear, and I regret that I didn't try harder to keep in contact with you. I was a fool, and I hope one day you'll find it in your heart to forgive me for not doing everything I could.

If you need me, call the Eagle and leave a message. I'll check in with Clara on the bar a few times a day so I don't miss it.

Love always,

Dad

Reese's fingers swipe across my cheeks, and it's not until I look at him that I notice I'm crying silently. I drop the letter and let him fold me into his embrace. I need the safety and comfort I can find in his arms, just for a second.

"Luce's?" he whispers. I nod against his chest and let him pull me back outside to the truck.

I don't understand the tears. Wasn't it only yesterday I was vowing to myself I wouldn't cry anymore? Yeah, that lasted long... But I can't control them.

Call the Eagle Inn, he said. He's barely twenty minutes away from me, and it sets my mind whirring. Do we live that close to each other in New York? I know it's unlikely given the size of the city, merely a childish hope creeping through, but that doesn't change the fact he's offering me everything I've wanted for as long as I can remember. Answers. The truth - and the whole truth.

Reese pulls up outside Luce's house and looks over at me. "Come here." He holds his arms out, and I undo my belt and lean over. His strong arms wrap around my body, tucking my head into his neck as he squeezes me tightly. I breathe in slowly, savoring the moment, savoring the momentary peace I feel with him because I know it isn't gonna last long.

The front light switches on, lighting up the porch in front of us, and Luce's mom opens the door. Faintly, I hear her call to Luce, and I sigh. I love Luce more than anything, but even she can't give me the comfort I feel in Reese's arms.

But Reese isn't always going to be there. His arms aren't always going to be open at the exact second I need them to be, and I don't expect that. After all, I dealt with it all long enough by myself, and last year...

I shake my head to banish those thoughts and sit up. I slowly rub a hand down my face and let out the breath clawing up my throat.

"Okay?" Reese asks softly.

I nod, even though we both know it's a lie, because I know I will be in the end. Because, goddammit, I am an independent woman, and as much as I need Reese, I don't need him to make me okay. He takes away the pain I feel, but to be okay, I need to face up to that pain, which means I need to be alone right now more than I need him. I might be cheating by seeing my best friend, but that's the beauty of friendship.

Love helps pain, but its friendship that puts it all into perspective, no matter how f**ked up that perspective might be.

Reese leaves me at my best friend's door with a tender kiss to my forehead. "I'll call you tomorrow on my break, okay?"

I nod again and squeeze his waist quickly before Leo scoops an arm around my shoulders and whisks me into the house. He dumps me on the sofa next to Luce without any questions.

"Do we need to break someone's legs?" Liam asks, walking into the room with Lucas on his heels. Luce rolls her eyes, but I crack a small smile.

"No, no leg breaking - or any other bone breaking - needed."

"Dammit," Lucas mutters, the three of them filing out of the room with a kiss to the top of my head. Who needs real brothers when I have these three adopted goons?

Their mom whips up a pan of homemade hot chocolate while I change into a pair of Luce's pajamas and curl back up on the sofa with her. The television flickers soundlessly in the corner of the room, and I curve my fingers around the mug as I recap everything in great detail. I start with Dad's appearance, skim my weekend with Reese, and finish with the letter. My best friend listens silently, only her eyes giving away how she feels about everything.

The anger at my parents. Relief I was safe with Reese. Disbelief at Dad's letter.

And then she asks me the million dollar question.

"So what are you gonna do about it?"

I shrug, staring into my mug. "I have no idea. I want to hear him out, but then I ask myself if he really deserves it. And then I remember it wasn't his fault, that it's Mom's fault that he could never contact me, so he does deserve his chance to speak. And then I remember he's admitted he didn't do as much as he could to see me, so he doesn't deserve his chance. And then I don't know because it's such a f**ked up situation."

Luce taps her acrylic nails against her mug, the tapping grating against me slightly. I shoot her a look, and she stops with an apologetic smile.

"I wish I could tell you what to do, Kia. I wish I had the answers for you," she says sadly.

I give her a small, broken smile. "I wish I had them, too."

~

One of the best things about mine and Luce's friendship is the fact we wear the exact same size and have a similar style, so impromptu sleepovers aren't a problem. That and I feel totally at ease raiding her closet for something to wear.

"So... Reese. And you." She smacks her lips together, blotting her red lipstick out on a tissue.

Despite myself, a smile creeps onto my face. I glance at her and nod. Luce grins widely.

"I take that to mean you're finally official?" I nod again, and her grin widens even more.

"He decided it yesterday... After he found out about Jay and the plan for me to move into his place after the summer."

"Typical males. Always needing to stake their claim." Luce shakes her head. "So I guess he'll go with you if you see your Dad?"

I shake my head and pull one of her tees over my head. "No. If I go and see my dad - and that's one huge damn if - I'll be going by myself. This is somethin' I have to do alone. Reese can be there at the end of it to make it better, but he can't be there to hold my hand the whole way through. Besides..." I shut the closet door. "...I don't need him to hold my hand. I'm not broken or weak."

"That's my girl! I was afraid you were gonna become of those pansies in love."

"Then you really don't know me at all." I grin.

"What are you gonna do today, Miss Independent Woman?"

"I was gonna drop by Patty's. She said before I needed to find out the truth about my parents, and I'm guessin' she knew it all along. She might be able to help me figure out what to do. I know it's my choice and all that, but I just need to talk about it. Get it all out so it makes sense. It's kinda jumbled in my brain."

"That's 'cause your brain is jumbled, girl," Luce replies. "And with damn good reason. You go do what you gotta do. You know I'll be here if you need me."

I smile at her as I make my way downstairs. Everyone else in her family is at work, and since Patty's is only minutes away from Luce's house, I walk toward there.

It's only early but the temperatures are already rocketing up, and I feel a sheen of sweat coat the back of my neck as I reach the small grocery store. Thankfully it's quiet, only one or two people in the aisle, and judging by the strained smile on Patty's face, they're tourists passing through.

Harlan Grove doesn't get tourists. Not ones that stay, at any rate. After all, a bowling alley, one small grocery store, a garage, and a field used by the local teens for parties on a weekend doesn't exactly scream, "Vacation hotspot!"

Okay, so the Grove has a few more things - High School, a couple local stores and a bar or two, but still. It's not relaxation central and the only reason tourists stop by Patty's is to ask directions to wherever it is they're trying to get to.

I push my way inside as Patty rings up their order and takes their money.

"Have a nice trip!" she calls after them, waving her chubby hand. She turns to me, tucks a lock of hair behind her ear, and beams. "Kia!" Her smile becomes a frown.

"Um, hi." I shrug sheepishly. "I'm sorry I disappeared this weekend." She raises her eyebrows. "Real sorry?" I try.

"Mmhmm." She links her fingers on the counter in front of her and sighs. "One problem fixed, and another started, right, sugar?"

"I know better than to ask you how you know," I mutter.

"Luce came over here like her little butt was on fire when she realized you and Reese had both skipped town," Patty explains anyway. "I told her to keep her panties straight, 'cause you and he were probably livin' it up on the beach somewhere away from our meddlin'." She gives me an exaggerated wink, and I smirk a little.

"Close."

"But I don't know the reason you skipped town, so why don't you sit down on this here seat and tell me everythin'."

I tell her exactly what I told Luce last night, and she nods along. "And I know you knew why he left," I accuse her. "Otherwise you wouldn't have said what you did before - about findin' out the reason why. Did everyone know?"

Patty shakes her head vehemently. "No, honey, not many people did know. The guy your momma cheated with wasn't from this town." She clicks her tongue. "That's why I told you to find out before you made your impulsive teenage decisions about Reese. It weren't your daddy's fault, and now you know that. Question is, what are you gonna do about it?"

"I wish I knew."

"If you ask me, and I'm assumin' ya are since you're here..." She chuckles. "I think you should go speak with your daddy. Your momma had her chance for six years, honey. She's told you her side of the story, no matter how misconstrued it was, and now your daddy deserves the same chance."

I open my mouth to respond, but the bell over the door rings. I glance over to see Pheobe and one of her friends, Janine, enter the store. Pheobe gives me a pitiful look, which I return, and stalks through the store.

Patty leans toward me, tapping her finger against my knee, and lowers her voice. "If she hadn't have stopped him contactin' you at every possible turn, you would have given him the chance, wouldn't you?" I nod, and she sits back, a small, knowing smile playing on her rosy pink lips. "Well, what makes it so different now?"

CHAPTER 12

The Eagle Inn is a bar and bed and breakfast dating back to the early eighteenth century. Although it's more modern now, it still retains most of its former characteristics. Not to mention its charm - if the building was a guy, it would charm the panties off the Ice Queen.

But I don't see the charm. I don't see the restored wooden panels on the front of the building or the rotted, paint-chipped sign hanging by the door. I don't see anything that makes it charming, not today.

It's been a day since I spoke with Patty. I let her words churn over and over in my mind before they finally sunk in. She was right - I would have given Dad the chance six years ago, and really, his silence wasn't his fault. That's why I called him this morning.

I push open the door to the bar and restaurant area. Most of the business the Eagle gets is people on road trips or passing through, and it's obvious it's the case today. There's barely a pint in sight.

Clara, the bubbly, blonde, barmaid-waitress catches my eye, and points me in the direction of the corner with a wary smile. I wave in thanks and locate Dad's table with my eyes, silently making my way over to him.

I take a good look at him as I sit down. He really hasn't changed much - so he has a few lines around his eyes, but that's it. He's the same guy I loved so much as a young girl.

"I didn't know if you were actually coming," he says softly.

"I said I was," I reply, shrugging one of my shoulders. "I guess I need to hear everythin' from you. The truth. Not a story compiled of all Mom's guilt trips and pity tactics."

Dad rubs his hand across his face, breathing deeply. "What do you wanna know, Kia?"

"Everything," I whisper. "Because no one ever told me a damn thing until Friday."

I drop my eyes to the table and hear him shift in his seat. The noise in the Eagle is only a low hum, but thankfully it's far enough out of the Grove that our meeting won't be tonight's gossip at the dinner table.

At least not everyone's gossip.

"I don't know if you remember, but your momma was always at home. She never worked; she didn't have to. I made sure of that, or at least I tried to. Then the company I worked for started laying people off. I told her we had plenty saved to get us by if they laid me off too, but she had to go and get herself a little job just to keep us afloat.

"I guess that's the moment it began. I should have tried to make her go sooner, before you were approaching high school age, but there was never any need for it. She moaned about it for a week until she realized I was serious. There was a real possibility I'd lose my job and we'd be left without a reliable income unless she got a job. So she did, at Denny's bar. She was beautiful and easy to talk to. She was the perfect barmaid, and soon she was pulling pints like a pro.

"Turns out I didn't lose the job. I was one of the few they kept on, but your momma was settled in at Denny's. She enjoyed it there; I think she forgot about the freedom having a job provided you. She had a little extra cash and she got to meet new people. Of course, it quickly changed. Lookin' back, the telltale signs were there. She began working more hours, longer shifts, and she was coming back drunk almost every night."

My brain puts together some hazy memories. Memories I guess I'd blocked out of her. Drunk and angry. My parents arguing when they thought I was asleep. The faint scent of alcohol that began to cling to Momma whenever she'd been to work.

Daddy sighs. "It was the summer, and everyone knows a place like Denny's gets busier in the summer, just like it does here. I passed her behavior off as that. Why wouldn't I? I loved her, Kia. A part of me still does. She gave me you, and I will always love her for that. It wasn't until Patty told me she'd been to Denny's and seen your momma leavin' with another man. She didn't know who he was, but she said she'd rather me hear something like that from her than the busybodies around here."

"What did you do?" My voice comes out surprisingly even. Hearing the story of the destruction of my family hurts more than I thought it would.

"I sent you to Luce's for a sleepover and followed your mom after her shift." He smiles wryly, holding it for a few beats before it drops again. "Patty was right. She left out the back with some other guy, and I followed them to a motel. They were all over each other before they'd even reached the motel room. Instead of going up there like I should have, I turned around, drove home, and went to bed.

"I confronted her the next night when you were in bed. She admitted it, and then I left. I shouldn't have gone the way I did, Kia, and I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I should have stayed and spoken to you, been honest with you. Or at least, me and your momma should have done it together and come up with a believable story."

I nod slowly, meeting his remorseful eyes. "You should have. Do you know how many nights I spent staring out my bedroom window waiting for you to come home? Do you know how many times I locked myself away in the treehouse and cried because it was all I had left of you? I was thirteen years old, and you left me without as much as a goodbye. It took three months of whispers and crap around town before I realized what they'd all known all along. You weren't coming back. You really had left." I take a deep breath and let it out slowly, trying to rein in my anger, aware of a few eyes on us. "I don't know if I can ever forgive you for that."

"I don't expect you to," he says sadly. "I don't ever expect your forgiveness for the way I left and I won't ever ask for it. I just ask that you try to understand."

"I understand, Daddy. And I know it wasn't just your fault, but only one person walked away. Only one person made that decision and that was you. No matter what Momma did or said, you didn't have to leave the way you did. Your reason for leaving is her fault, but your actions are yours."

"I know, Kia bear. And believe me when I say I tried to make it right. I tried to contact you so many times, but she was always in the way. She stopped me at every turn."

"Why didn't you get a lawyer? Take her to court?" The words come out sharper and more bitterly than I intend them to. "Why didn't you fight until you were blue in the face for contact?"

He says nothing. He just looks at me, his blue eyes curious.

"I would have," I say simply. "If I knew what I know now, even half of it, I would have bugged her like hell to let me speak to you and see you."

"I was a coward," he admits, glancing away from me. "And cheap. I didn't have the money to hire anyone to fight the case for me."

I swallow. "I would have thought you couldn't put a price on true love. I would have thought you would have fought until the ends of the Earth for me, but I guess the Daddy I thought I knew and the one that walked away were two different men." He flinches at my words, but I'm not mincing them anymore. I'm not being pushed around, and if it means feelings get hurt along the way, then that's tough.

It might be juvenile and immature, but I've been hurt for so long, it's about time they felt even an ounce of the pain I've carried with me.

"So, what's taken you so long?" I ask bluntly. "Why has it taken you six years - six freakin' years - to come back?"

Dad fidgets, twisting his hands on the table, then dropping them to his lap. "I need a divorce from your mom. It should have been done years ago."

"I know that, but why? Why is it so important now?"

"You already know I'm getting married again... But Dee, my fiancee, is pregnant."

~

I don't know how I managed to walk out of The Eagle Inn and drive to Reese's. I don't know how I managed to do anything except scream at my father. Which, oddly enough, I didn't do, even though I wanted to.

No, I didn't scream, shout, or make a scene. Instead, I'd stood up and walked away silently.

I mean, shit! What a thing to drop into a conversation with your daughter.

Not to mention a part of me finds it kinda gross that my forty-something father is having a baby again.

I blow out a long breath and lean back against the couch in Reese's den. His mom let me straight in, asked no questions, and left me to it. Not because she doesn't care, but because she knows me almost as well as Luce and Reese do.

And, naturally, she knows all about my estranged father arriving unannounced.

I count the ticks as the second hand goes around the clock, echoing in the silence of the den. I need to focus on something else other than my family issues.

On the shelf above the blocked fireplace is a photo of me and Reese. I've never noticed it before but I remember it. It was taken a week or so before I left for New York, at Leo's twenty-first birthday party. Reese's arms are tight around me, and both of us are smiling so wide our cheeks look like they might crack. To the side of it is another photo - one taken that I don't even know about. We're lying on the dock by the lake, him leaning over me, and we're both grinning about something. I bet Luce took it since she took way too many pictures last summer... Most of which are in that box in my closet.

I bet if I looked in it hard enough, I'd find that exact picture.

Last summer. It really was the summer to end all summers, despite the way it actually ended. It was the summer I understood what it was to fall in love. What true friendship was, and that the right amount of laughter and silliness could make even the darkest day a rainbow of color to rival the Northern Lights. It was a summer of firsts, one of which happened right here in this room.

Reese's hazel eyes had darkened to a chocolate brown, and he slid an arm around my back, pulling me toward him.

He leant his head into me and his lips captured mine. My arms snaked around his neck, and his other hand cupped my head, keeping my lips firmly against his. His kiss was rough. It was wanting and hot and sent earthquake tremors through my body as my need mingled with his until his was barely distinguishable from mine.

His hands moved beneath my shirt, and the feel of his bare skin against mine was too much. I groaned into his mouth. He pushed me against the wall. The cold, gritty surface contradicted the heat spreading through me, through both of us.

His lips blazed a trail of kisses down my neck and across my collarbone as I tilted my head to the side. I fanned my fingers out in his hair, breathing deeply as he dropped kisses along the swell of my chest.

"Kia," he whispered against my skin, pushing my shirt up. He slid it over my head, taking his off after. His perfectly formed body was an afterthought as I watched him rake my body with his eyes. One look was all it took from it. It's all it ever took. He always could make me feel beautiful with a mere glance. I blushed under his scrutiny, and his fingers brushed down my sides, following the curve of my waist.

"Beautiful," he raised his eyes, gripping my waist. He moved me over to the bed. He kissed me again, his tongue mingling with mine, and we fell backward onto the soft surface.

My knees bent upwards, my feet hooking round his waist and holding him against me. The material between our lower bodies felt like a barrier as he massaged my skin softly, making sure to touch every bit of my skin. I wanted all of him, nothing separating us. Even then, I knew it was goodbye.

I rubbed my hands down his back, and he peppered kisses to my shoulder. His hands eased into my jeans and tugged them down. His eyes fixed on my silky thong as the denim peeled away from my legs. My breath caught deep in my throat as he touched me lightly.

He teased the material, rubbing me through it. A moan escaped my lips and I heard him breathing heavily. My hips bucked toward him slightly.

"Reese," his name was a breathless whisper, a desperate plea tinged with the heartbreak of the future.

"Oh, f**k," he groaned out. He hooked his fingers in my thong, yanking them down my body. He stepped out of his jeans, taking his boxers down with them. I blinked as he rolled the condom on, leaning back into me.

My legs opened to him as he settled between me.

"Reese," I whispered, holding my breath again. I felt like I was going to explode if he didn't give me what I wanted, I needed.

"I love it when you say my name like that." He nipped my earlobe and pressed into me.

Pain seared through me but I tried to relax. I didn't care how painful it would be. I needed him.

"Kia?" He pulled his head back, my name a question on his lips.

"Don't stop," I whispered, pushing my face into his neck. "Please."

He exhaled in a long breath. "Okay."

In, out, in, out. The pain subsided and pleasure took over as he worked my body gently. Sweat stuck our bodies together. My nails gripped his back. Kisses were hot and passionate, hello and goodbye mixed in... Because a part of me already knew I'd be gone before morning fell.

Bittersweet. That really is the only way to describe that night. Even if I can't think of it without blushing.

I press my palms against my cheeks as I glance down at the sofa. Yep. My cheeks are burning. The light flicks on.

"I'm not complaining at you being here, but - hey, are you blushin'?" Reese grins, pushing the door shut behind him.

"No. Why would I be?" I answer hurriedly, blood flushing my cheeks all over again at the sight of him. Even grimy and oily from work, he looks good. Damn good.

"You tell me, baby." He kicks his shoes off and approaches me, touching my chin lightly with his fingertip.

"I was, um, thinking about last summer."

"Oh yeah?" His grin turns predatory. "Anything... In particular?"

I understand the question he's asking, and his hot breath makes me go weak at the knees. Goddamn, he's a good distraction from everything.

"Perhaps," I say evasively and wrinkle my nose. "You smell."

Reese laughs. "Way to welcome me home from work."

"Well, it's true." I step back and drop my hands from my now-normal cheeks. "You need a shower."

"You can keep me company if you like. It's a big shower."

"Reese."

"Hey, I meant you could sit on the toilet and talk to me or something."

"I'm not watchin' you shower."

"Why not?"

Because after that memory, I'm likely to jump you.

"It's nothing you haven't seen before," he reminds me.

"That's the problem," I mutter under my breath.

Reese catches it and chuckles. His hands suddenly thread through my hair and his lips mold themselves to mine. I grip the front of his shirt to stop myself staggering backward as his mouth moves hotly against mine and his tongue teases the seam of my lips.

He pulls away as suddenly as he kissed me, leaving me panting slightly. He glances at me over his shoulder as he walks casually to the bathroom just off the den.

"I know exactly what part of last summer you were thinkin' about," he says in a deeper voice, his twang pulling any remaining air from my body. His darkened eyes flit down my body and back up again. "And if you're thinkin' about that, then I'm not doin' good enough right now, am I?"

I don't say a thing. I'm still trying to catch my breath. He sure knows how to give the word "breathless" a whole new meaning.

He raises an eyebrow. "We'll work on that."

"We will?" I squeak out.

"We will."

~

I slide out from Reese's arms, careful not to wake him, and dress quickly. I silently open the door to the den and tiptoe up the stairs. The only light guiding me is the moonlight coming through the window, and I use that to navigate my way to the back door even though I don't need to. I know this house like the back of my hand.

The night in Alabama is much cooler than the day, and I sigh happily as a cool breeze circulates me. Grass tickles between my toes as I walk toward the lake, admiring the reflection of the moon and the way it glistens across it. Owls hoot above me in the trees, and crickets chirp all around. I've been to this lake a thousand times at night, but never has it been like this. Never has it felt so peaceful, so serene.

I lower myself to the ground, looking out across the water. The stillness of it is the complete opposite to the frantic rambling of thoughts in my head - thoughts I have yet to make sense of...

Pregnant. Dad's girlfriend is pregnant. Nineteen years after having me, he's doing it all again. Why? That's crazy. Who would want to be forty-something and changing diapers? Unless of course, the diapers you're changing belong to your grandchildren, then that's different. But this isn't. Dad has another twenty years of a kid putting dirty handprints on the wall, slamming doors and generally raising hell.

I shake my head. Getting married - that I can swallow. I mean, we all have to move on, right? My parents are never getting back together, so a divorce is natural. I'm surprised it's taken this long, especially in light of the reason they split up. But having a baby? That's something completely different.

The only consolation is that he isn't marrying - and procreating with - a girl not much older than me. Deeann, or Dee, is thirty something with her own house and a job, I remind myself. Again. And again. And again.

I just can't help but think it's not much of a consolation.

I feel like I need to scream. Like I need to let it out and take the world down with me in my frustration with my f**ked up life.

So what if a few weeks ago my life wasn't perfect? So what if a few weeks ago I was making the dreaded trip back to Alabama with a still-broken heart?

I made that change - I changed that situation from f**ked-up to as good as I could make it.

I didn't make this change. I didn't want this damn change.

I didn't want anything coming in and rocking my world. Reese Pembleton is enough of a world shaker-upper without my Dad joining in.

A familiar body drops behind me, legs stretching to the sides with mine, and my back presses against a hard stomach. Reese rests his chin on my shoulder and wraps his arms around my stomach, holding me. I rest my hands on top of his and turn my face into him, sighing again.

"What are you doin' out here?" I whisper.

"Makin' sure you don't run away," he grunts, squeezing me.

"I'm not going anywhere."

"I know," he responds. "I'm just messin' with you, baby."

"I should have guessed." I poke his arm. "I thought you were asleep."

"I was. I knew you'd gotten up, and when you didn't come back, I came after you."

"How did you know I was up?"

He runs his nose across my cheek. "Kia, if I'm certain of anything, it's that you were made for me. I know when the girl that holds my heart in her hands has left the arms I promised would always protect her."

I swallow hard and curl my body into him. I rest my head against his chest, feeling his heart beating under my ear, and curve one of my hands around his side, tangling my fingers up in his shirt. He presses his lips to the top of my head, then rests his cheek there.

"I just needed to think and try to make sense of what happened today, but it just doesn't make any." Even though I told Reese what happened with me and Dad after his shower, I wasn't ready to talk about how it makes me feel, so we skipped that part. Now, apparently, I'm ready.

"It's a pretty big pill to swallow. It's not like it's somethin' you hear every day," he says. "I don't think it'll make sense to you for a long time."

"If ever," I mumble into his chest. "And they live in New York. How could I live there for a year and never know? Never even have an idea?"

"They could have lived in the next town over and unless someone told you or you saw them, you'd have no idea."

"Okay, that's a fair point," I acquiesce. "I just... it's too much. I don't know what to do or what to say."

"I don't think anyone expects you to know." Reese runs his fingers through my hair in a soothing motion, calming me. "I don't think anyone expects you to do anything, Kia. What they all expect is for your mom to step up and take responsibility for what she did now the truth is out."

I snort. "Right. Can you honestly see her doing that? The only responsibility she takes is the one that requires her to fill her glass once it's empty," I finish sadly.

"Kia..."

"It's true, Reese. She doesn't care about anything other than that. I can't count how many times I've picked her off the floor and put her to bed. Or even how many times I've carried her upstairs, wiped her sick from her face, her hair, her clothes. I had to grow up before everyone else. I had to become the parent, and that's exactly how it was until I left. I was the parent and she was the helpless toddler that needed me. That's just the way it was. The way it is, even. Nothin' has changed. Nothin' will change. If anything, Daddy coming back will just make her worse. She'll just go another ten feet under the vodka bottle and drown herself in the spirit. I'm not stupid. I know how the story goes."

Reese sighs heavily and pulls me in even closer to his body, if that's possible. His arms and fingers tighten their grip on me until I really do believe he won't let go.

"I wish you didn't have to deal with that," he whispers into my ear. "I wish it wasn't such a normal part of your life that you just accept it the way you do."

"I have no choice but to accept it. I can't change it. She has no desire to change, no desire to get help, and you can't help someone that doesn't want it."

"And I wish you weren't right."

"It comes with being female." I smile against him, and we fall quiet as we listen to the sounds of the night.

Until the need to explain to him tugs inside me. The need to explain why I really left - the need to do the opposite of what my parents did to me. I tighten my grip on him even more as I realize I was never really running from him. Fear may have fueled me, but our relationship wasn't the trigger. He wasn't what made me skip town, and it was only the fear of seeing him with another girl that stopped me coming back.

It's shallow, but it's the truth. There are so many times you can lie to yourself before you run out of lies - and I've exhausted mine. It doesn't matter how many stories I spin because the truth will always be there, lurking under the surface, ready to break through.

"It was her, you know?" My voice breaks through the silence.

"What was?"

"She was why I left."

"Kia, baby. You're back now. It doesn't matter anymore."

I push myself up so I'm looking at him. "It matters to me. It matters to me that you know you weren't the reason I left. She was. You have to understand that, Reese. When I got home after we, you know..." I blush. "She was passed out on the floor in the middle of the living room. It was the fourth time that week. I broke. I'd had enough of looking after her, and what had happened between us scared me, and seeing her there straight after? I thought I was on the road to self-destruction by just falling in love with you. So I ran. I shouldn't - I should have stayed and talked to you, but my bags were packed and ready to go, so I just left. I drove instead of waiting and catching my flight a few days later. It was impulsive and stupid and I wish I could change it. But it was never you. I never wanted to leave you."

He brings his hands up to cup my face, and moves our faces together. "Then it's a good job you don't have to anymore, ain't it?"

My lips curl at the sincerity and rawness in his voice. "I guess so."

"Are you ready to go back instead? As lovely as it is out here, my ass is numb, and I'd much prefer you in my arms in bed instead. Preferably naked."

"You really know how to ruin the moment."

"I'm a guy," is his only explanation as he stands us up and leads me back to the house. "Wait, you were ready to come back in, weren't you?"

"Yep." I lean into him. "I'm ready."

CHAPTER 13

Momma's been home.

The empty bottle on the kitchen side tells me that, even if it's the only indication of her coming back. I grab it and throw it into the trash, the smashing of the glass sadly therapeutic. If I could get away with it, I'd do it to all of them. I'd watch every bit of alcohol drain down the plughole and smash every single damn bottle in this house.

In fact, I might just do that before I leave at the end of the summer.

God. I'm turning into a bitch. I guess the truth will do that to you.

My eyes comb the kitchen for any sign of a note from her. Nothing. What did I expect? A groveling letter? An elaborately handwritten apology?

No, I won't get anything. I won't even get a simple apology for the years of lies and deceit. She's stuck in her alcohol induced world, doing god knows what, god knows where.

And it's harsh. It's so, so, harsh, but I don't even know if I can bring myself to care anymore. I don't know if I can bring myself to respect her enough to run after her. I can't spend any longer holding onto a withering hope that she'll kick the habit, that she'll be the mom I once knew.

She'll never be the mom she once was, and I'll never have the respect for her I once did.

I walk through the house aimlessly, and it hits me just how empty it is. Not actually empty - it's full of furniture and knick knacks, full of books and food - but there's no feeling here. With the removal of every photo including Daddy came the removal of memories, of love, and of happiness. The only place those feelings linger are in my bedroom, and that's only because my heartbroken thirteen year old self rummaged through the trash to get the pictures back.

With the removal of the pictures, the house became little more than an empty shell, void of laughter and all the little things that make life, life.

With the removal of the pictures, my dreams shattered. My ideas of a fairytale romance were torn apart, and my heart was hardened. A wall built itself up around it, and I became the cynical person I was just weeks ago.

And now, staring around the front room, I can see what my life would have been had Reese not pushed on, had he not kept up the chase.

I wouldn't have been happy. I wouldn't have been safe or protected, or even alive. I wouldn't have known what it was like to give yourself over to someone completely and utterly, and I wouldn't have known what it was like to feel those butterflies in your stomach.

One day, Reese might break my heart. One day, I might find myself in a room like this. I might find myself alone and distraught, sinking into my own vice for comfort, but at least I'll know what it is to love.

I'll know what it is to give in to everything and let life take you where you're meant to be. I'll know what it is to let my heart take over.

Because, really, all love is, is throwing caution to the wind and holding onto the beautiful feelings that blow back.

~

"You're back then." Her words are sharp. Bitter. Hard.

"I could say the same to you." So are mine.

I look up to the doorway, and her icy eyes look back at me.

"I don't like that you disappeared without telling anyone where you were goin'."

"I don't like that you lied to me for six years and stopped me from seein' my dad. I guess life is tough like that, huh?"

Her lips thin. "Don't speak to me like that, Kia James. I did wrong, but I'm still your mama, and you won't talk to me with that attitude. You'll use a bit o' respect."

I snort and shake my head. "Respect? That's funny, Momma, comin' from you. Respect is earned, not given just because of who you are. I have respect for you as my mom, but not as a person. You haven't done anything to earn that. My respect is better saved for someone who deserves it," I finish quietly.

I know I probably shouldn't be saying this. She is my mom, after all, but a painful truth is better than a soothing lie.

And I won't soothe her with my lies anymore.

"And that gives you the right to disappear without tellin' anyone where you were goin'?" she asks.

"If you tried hard enough, you probably could have found out. Besides, you ain't exactly been around the last few days, have you?"

She strolls through the kitchen, her blonde hair swinging over her shoulders, and steps outside to light a cigarette. She drags on the white stick for a few seconds, looking out at the yard as she blows out a stream of curving smoke.

"I been workin', Kia. Gotta keep you alive, ain't I?"

I swallow my contempt and let her continue.

"Someone's gotta, kid. It's busy down at Denny's right now, so he's given me a few extra hours."

"Or the reason you ain't at home is because you're drinkin' your wages away down at the bar after your shift." The words I didn't mean to say out loud slip out, and I clap my hand over my mouth. Shit.

Momma glares at me as she drags on her cigarette again. Her gaze shoots daggers at me, but I hold it. Her silence tells me everything I need to know.

I'm right.

She's drinking her wages away down at the bar after her shift, a luxury she can afford because Daddy paid the house off outright before he left.

She drops the butt of the cigarette on the porch and stamps it out. Her heels click on the tiled floor as she storms back across the kitchen and upstairs. I sit in silence, apart from the tapping of my fingers against the table.

Ten minutes later, she reappears. Her make-up is fresh, her hair brushed and her clothes changed. She barely glances at me as she opens the drawer with all the bills in and pulls out a large brown envelope and tosses it down on the table in front of me.

"What's that?"

"Divorce papers," she says flatly. "Signed, sealed, and you get to deliver them since you're friends with your daddy again."

"You are kiddin' me?" I shout after her as she walks away. I stand and shove my chair away, leaving it to clatter to the floor behind me. "You want me to deliver your damn papers?"

"I got nothin' to say to that man, but you apparently do since you were with him yesterday."

"I got six years of words to say to him, but that don't mean I wanna do your dirty work!" I stand in the doorway as she unlocks her car. "You're actually makin' me do it, aren't you? You're sending your daughter to deliver your divorce papers!" My head shakes and hot tears burn in my eyes. "You're unreal. You accuse me and Daddy of runnin' from our problems, but look at you! You're running from somethin' you damn well caused and you don't even give a shit!"

"Whatever I get from our divorce I've signed over to you," she says. "Any money, it's all yours. I don't want a damn penny from him."

"I don't want the money! I don't need the money! It means nothing to me. Do you get that? Nothing. I want parents! I want at least one parent that gives a crap about me, not money. You can keep the damn dollar."

She glances at me before climbing in her car and starting the engine, and pulls away without responding. I stare after her for a minute, ignoring the eyes of neighbors peeking out from behind their curtains.

I guess I just became dinner's hot conversation topic.

I go back to the kitchen and snatch the envelope up. The front door of our house slams behind me as I head back outside and get into my car, leaving in the same way my mother just did. Hastily. Without thinking. Not caring.

I make the fifteen minute drive to the Eagle with my head spinning. Every time she just takes it to a whole new level. I thought she'd hit rock bottom before, but now I know. Now I know the truth.

Sending your child with signed divorce papers is the shittiest of the shit.

And I can't believe I'm actually doing it. I can't believe I'm actually here delivering them for her.

Clara is behind the bar cleaning glasses when I walk into the bar. She looks up and smiles, but it quickly drops from her face when she sees me.

"You okay, sugar?" she asks softly.

I nod. "Is my dad here?"

"He's in his room. He's in four. Why don't you go on up?"

"Thanks."

Numerous pairs of curious eyes follow me as I head to the staircase at the back of the bar. Does no one around here have anything better to do than stick their nose in everyone's business?

I find his room and bang on the door. Loud.

"Kia?" Dad says when he opens it. "I wasn't expecting-"

"These belong to you." I snap, slapping his chest with the envelope. "Signed, sealed, and now delivered," I say bitterly, using Mom's line.

"She sent you to bring them?"

I put my hands out to the side and shrug. "Here I am. Now, you can go back to New York and get married and play happy families, can't you? You've got what you needed here."

"Kia, I want you to be a part of my life in New York. I want you to meet Dee and to be around with the baby."

"I can't-"

"If you're not ready for that yet then it's okay, but I at least want us to try and rebuild our relationship."

I hold my hands up, my head spinning at light speed. "I can't even think about that right now. I still haven't dealt with the whole Dee and the baby thing, so whatever right now. I need to process everythin' before I even think about us, Dad. You can't just drop this kinda bomb on a nineteen year old girl and expect her to be all rainbows and sunshine about it. I need time to deal with it."

He sighs, but I see his resolve waver, and he nods sadly. "At least... Take my number, Kia. Then it's down to you. There's still a few weeks of summer left. You might feel differently when you've had time to accept everything and you're not stuck here in Alabama. You can contact me whenever... If you want to."

I bite the inside of my lip. No matter what's happened, he is still my dad. And he's right. In a few weeks, on neutral ground in the city, I might feel differently. There's too many emotions and memories attached to home.

"Okay."

"Okay?" he asks hopefully.

"Okay, I'll take your number. But I'm not promising I'll call, Dad. I'm not promising anything, whether I'm here or in New York."

He nods again, his body more relaxed, and turns into his room. When he comes back out, he hands me a small piece of paper with three numbers on.

"My cell, office, and home number. Just in case."

I curl my fingers around it. "Thanks, Dad."

His voice stops me as I turn to leave, my other hand poised above the banister by the stairs. "Kia?"

I glance over my shoulder. "Yeah?"

"I want you to know, I'm really proud of you." He smiles a little, and his blue eyes, a replica of mine, light up. "I know I haven't been around, but I remember enough of you as a kid to know how you've grown. You're a remarkable young woman, and no matter what happens, I'm honored to call you my daughter."

A lump forms in my throat. Emotion wells inside of me and I can't do anything but nod in response. My feet carry me down the stairs, through the bar, and away from the building to my car. I climb in, shut the door, and rest my forehead on my steering wheel as I hold in the tears.

I fail. One trickles from the corner of my eye, landing on my leg with a silent splash. My fingers tighten on the piece of paper crushed into my palm, and I take a deep breath.

I never knew how much I needed to hear him say those words, and I never knew how much they'd mean if I did hear them.

Until now.

CHAPTER 14

"We're going out," Luce announces, letting herself into my bedroom and dumping a bag in the middle of my floor.

I glance away from my book. "And where exactly are we going?"

"MIXX."

"The new club in Dayton Creek?"

"The very same one."

"And we'll definitely get in?" I raise an eyebrow and dog-ear my page.

"Yep. Eighteen and over - if you're twenty-one you get stamped so you can drink."

"So we're basically going to be sober in a club half-full of drunk people and scantily-dressed girls tryin' to score with an older guy?"

Luce smiles devilishly, unzipping a pocket of her bag and pulling out a blue stamp. "Or we'll be in the drunk half."

My lips twitch. I can't help it. "And how the hell did you get that?"

"Leo works there. He borrowed this one last weekend knowing we'd want to go at some point."

"Your brother is a pain in the ass, but he has his uses." I grin.

"He sure does." She grins back. "Just, er, if Mom or the others ask, we didn't drink, okay? She has this thing where she doesn't mind me drinking if we're in the Grove, like at Rock's, but anywhere else she gets a bit loopy. She'll kick Leo's ass, and yeah, he's a douche, but he did do this for us."

"I ain't gonna tell her." I laugh and get up. "I know your mom - she'd probably talk Leo into changing jobs or something."

"You know, I thought it would be harder than this to get you out."

"Why?" I ask, even though I know the answer.

"You've barely spoken to anyone for two days, Kia. You pretty much disappeared off the face of the Earth. I thought you were shacked up with Reese at first..." I shoot her an amused glance, and she shrugs, continuing, "Hey, girl, I wouldn't blame you if you were! But when he said you weren't and told me what happened with your dad, I got worried."

"I'm a big girl, Luce."

"Yah, but you're also my best friend, and it's my duty to pull your head from your mopey ass and put a smile back on your pretty little face."

"Then why the hell are you sittin' on your ass on my floor instead of getting ready?"

~

Dayton Creek is the next town over from Harlan Grove, but it's about ten times larger than our little hole. The only thing we have they don't is the High School, which both towns share. Otherwise, if you need anything, Dayton Creek is the place you head - and that includes weekend entertainment. It's all newer, shinier, and more expensive than what we have in the Grove.

Which isn't a huge deal. Except when it costs you eight dollars to walk through the damn door of MIXX. Eight. Freakin'. Dollars. Someone needs to tell the owner of this place they're in a small town in Alabama, not in New York or Vegas.

"This better be worth it, Luce," I grumble as she stamps my hand with the club's logo. She stamps her own hand after and tucks it back into her purse.

"It will be. I came last weekend." She grins, and it makes sense how she managed to convince Leo to get the stamp.

"And how much did he want for stamping your hand then?"

"Fifty," she mutters. "Bastard."

I laugh and let her lead me over to the bar where I can see Leo smiling charmingly at girls as he serves them. They're practically falling over themselves for him, and I purse my lips to hide my smirk. Leo is lapping up the attention, smiling and laughing, but that's all they'll get out him.

He comes across a total playboy, but he's the total opposite. Like his sister, he believes in true love and waiting for it.

Unlike Lucas and Liam.

He hands them their change and turns straight to us, much to their disappointment. Luce rolls her eyes, leaning forward on the bar.

"Two mojitos, please." She smiles.

"Do you have a stamp?"

The smile drops from her face as we both hold out our hands, Leo smirking the whole time. He turns and makes our drinks.

"Listen," he leans in close when he puts our glasses down. "I break in thirty minutes. Meet me by the DJ then. I need it back. If anyone sees it you'll get banned." His eyes stray to me. "Both of you."

Luce nods. "Okay." She hands the money over and we take our glasses.

The pounding music and strobe lighting fills every inch of the club. It's not that late yet, but MIXX is already full. Bodies grind against each other on the dance floor. Groups of people sit on the red and black leather seats, drinking and talking amongst themselves.

We walk up a curved staircase to a platform where there's a spare table, and take a seat on the red seats around the table. Neon lights flicker above the table, and we both sip at our drinks.

"So who owns this place?" I ask Luce.

She shrugs a shoulder, her red hair the same shade as the chair. "No one seems to know, which is odd for around here. Rumor says it's some old guy who runs successful clubs in New York, Vegas, and L.A., but I searched for MIXX and this is the only one in the US. It's not a franchise or a chain of clubs, and the name is copyrighted. If it was a big shot dude, I doubt he'd use a new name."

"Right. He'd use the known franchise to bring people in."

"Exactly, which makes me think it's a newbie that doesn't want their name attached to the business in case it all f**ks up."

I look out at the crowded club, the lines at the bar and the dance floor that looks even busier than it did five minutes ago. "Yeah, looks like business is real tough," I drawl sarcastically.

Luce snorts. "It only opened a week before you came back. It's still new and shiny. New and shiny makes it interestin', until everyone gets bored of it and it becomes just another place to hang out on a weekend. Then we'll see how successful it is."

God bless her and her business degree.

She sinks the last of her drink and looks at my empty glass. "I'm gonna go get another before Leo breaks. Another?"

I nod silently and hand her the cocktail glass.

She slips off into the darkness of the club, and I cast my eyes out over the club, totally wrapped in my own thoughts.

"Surprise."

I jump, my hands flying to my chest as I look in the direction of the voice. Hazel eyes and a cocky, lopsided smile greet me, and I relax.

"What the hell are you doin' here?" I exclaim.

"Leo called. Said you and Luce were gonna be here tonight, drinking, and he didn't like that he couldn't keep an eye on you." Reese eyes comb down my body, from the skintight, Aztec-patterned material of my peplum top, to the short black skirt and black peep toe heels. When they reach mine again, they're heated, wanting. "And I'm glad we decided to come out," he says as he slides in next to me.

"Wait, we?" I raise an eyebrow.

His arm goes around my waist, and he pulls me into him. "Me and Adam," he mumbles, his lips against my ear.

"Of course." I roll my eyes and pull away slightly, but he holds me tighter. "What are you doin'?" I ask, amused.

"Some guy on the next table has his eye on you. I'm just makin' it clear you're mine."

The lilt in his voice has me seriously amused now.

I touch a hand to his cheek and look into his eyes. "You're real cute when you're jealous."

"I'm not jealous."

"Course not." I bite the corner of my lip to hide my smile. "Then why are you givin' him the death look?"

Reese's eyes shoot back to mine, and he opens his mouth, then closes it again. He grunts something unintelligible before leaning in and kissing me softly. My fingers slide around his head to his neck and curl round as I kiss him back.

"Yep, you're jealous." I giggle.

"Shut up." He smirks.

"No. You can't just turn up here and barge in on our girl's night!" Luce exclaims, putting full glasses on the table.

"Doesn't look like Kia minds." Adam yells, winking at me. I drop my hand from Reese's neck and look at them.

"Arguing already?"

"Goddamn, I told Leo this was a girl's night!" she huffs and sits down. "I told him!"

"Chill, Luce." Adam sits next to her, his eyes fixed on her legs. "We're not gonna get in your way or anythin'."

"I don't care. What if I didn't plan on leavin' with Kia? Hmm? Now I have a freakin' chaperone."

Adam slams his hand on the table and leans into her, saying something into her ear. I narrow my eyes as Luce opens and closes her mouth like a fish.

And then she slaps him.

"Oh, shit." Reese laughs.

"Pig!" Luce exclaims. "Adam, you are a f**kin' pig!"

"What?" He grins, and Luce glares at me.

"I need to go to the bathroom."

I sigh and follow her down the stairs and through the crowds. We walk into the surprisingly empty, bright white public bathroom, and she folds her arms across her chest.

"What did he say?"

"He said..." She grits her teeth together. "...That I could still go home without you. As long as I was goin' home with him."

I stare at her for a moment before bursting into laughter. She looks at me, horrified, but the whole thing is so funny I can't help it.

"What?" she demands. "What is so funny?"

I hold up a finger as I catch my breath again. "The fact he's just offered you exactly what you've wanted for like, two years, and you turned around and slapped him."

She shakes her head vehemently. "No, I don't want just sex with Adam - or anyone here for that matter. I want a relationship, Kia. I don't want to warm his bed just because he's finally got tired of bangin' Stacy every damn weekend."

So that's why I haven't seen Stacy anywhere around lately.

"I would have to be really, really, drunk to have a one-night stand with Adam."

"So." I lean against the sinks and raise my eyebrows. "You're telling me you didn't sleep with anyone in Vegas?"

She straightens and examines her reflection in the mirror. "I'm not sayin' that."

"Right. So what makes Adam so different?" Even though I know what she's gonna say.

"Because I care," she answers quietly. "And that makes him different. If you care, there's strings attached, and he doesn't want strings. Are you comin'?"

Luce straightens again and walks to the door, a sadness lurking in her eyes when she looks back at me. My heart hurts for my best friend. I know there's nothing she'd love more than to have Adam care the way she does.

I know he cares about her - but I just don't know if it's in the same way she does.

And I don't trust him enough not to break her heart.

I let her lead me back into the club, but instead of heading to the table, she tugs me toward the mass of writhing bodies on the dance floor. Calvin Harris' newest song blasts from the numerous speakers lining the wall, and it's so alive in here it feels like the floor is vibrating.

In fact, I don't think I'd be surprised if there were speakers under the floor making it vibrate.

Luce shakes her hair out, shaking her body at the same time and starting to dance. I let the music flow through me, following her movements. With the stress of the last week, I've forgotten how freeing it is to just let go and relax the way I am now. I forgot how freeing it was to just be me.

And it's easy to let go in this crowd. With the pulsating beat of the music and rhythmic movements of the people around, getting lost happens almost without thinking. And this, I realize, is where I'm most comfortable. Surrounded by people that don't know me or my story, where I'm just another girl.

I don't know how long Luce and I dance for. Songs blend into one another seamlessly, and we travel slowly across the dance floor until she makes a drinking motion. I nod, knowing the music is too loud down to speak down here.

She grabs my hand and leads me back toward the table. The music is slightly quieter up here, and I sigh with relief as I drop onto the seat next to Reese. He watches me as I throw back half of my drink, the liquid cool from the melted ice cubes and soothing my thirst. I wriggle my toes in my shoes. My feet are slightly sore already, even though the night is still fairly young.

I've become a total lightweight since coming back to Alabama.

Luce motions again to the dance floor, but I shake my head. Hell no. I need to sit down for five minutes.

"Suit yaself," she shouts across the table. "I'm goin' to find me a hot ass guy." She stands, her skirt flouncing as she sweeps down the stairs. Adam's eyes narrow and he says something I can't hear that looks an awful lot like, "Hell f**king no."

I hide my smirk as he follows her, leaving us alone. Reese trails his fingers up the inside of my thigh, and I squirm in my seat, looking over at him from below my lashes. He's wearing his cocky grin and gazing at me intently.

"Come dance." He leans forward, brushing his lips across my cheek toward my ear. I shake my head. "Come and dance," he repeats, kissing my earlobe.

"You can't dance."

"You didn't think I could sing either." He curls his hand around my thigh. "You were wrong there."

So, he has a point.

I groan when he grabs my hands and pulls me up. My body presses against his as I steady myself in my heels, and I look up at him. His face gives nothing away, but I know the eyes.

"You really wanna dance?" I unlink our fingers and slide my hands up his arms.

"Yep."

"Then we'll dance." I hook my finger in the collar of his shirt, tugging him after me and down the steps to the floor.

Reese puts his hands on my waist from behind when we reach the bottom, and I let his shirt go. I sway my hips to the beat of the music and the crowd swallows us up, drowning us in bodies. It doesn't take long for Reese's hands to make their way down to my hips and for his chest to be flush against my back. I sweep my hair round to one side, exposing my neck, and lean into him. I rest my head back on his shoulder as we move together, hooking my arm up and around his neck. He turns his face, his lips ghosting along my collarbone tantalizingly and his hips pressing into me.

I falter when he presses between my ass cheeks, harder than I've ever felt him. My breath heaves as his fingers probe across my lower stomach. My muscles tighten with his movements, and it's like he's directing all my feelings downwards and crafting them into a tight ball of sexual want and need.

Or it could be because the combination of him against me and his breath blazing across my hot skin in public is turning me on more than I care to admit.

He flattens one hand against my stomach and the other wanders to the hem of my skirt. I hold my breath, somehow still dancing, somehow still thinking, somehow still standing. He flicks his fingertips beneath the material and they're dangerously close to my throbbing core. My hips grind against him, and I dig my fingers into his neck and slip my hand round to his back, like I can pull him tighter against me. Like that simple act will calm the fire raging inside me.

Reese drags his hand from my skirt and up my body, cupping my breast as he does it, until it's holding the side of my face. The other presses harder onto my stomach and his lips hover against my ear.

"We're leavin'."

That's all he says before he lets me go and drags me through the crowd to the doors. A doorman opens them, nodding to us, but I barely spare him a glance.

I can barely breathe. All I can focus on is the way our bodies felt against each other on the dance floor. How everything else disappeared.

Fresh air smacks into us as we step outside and around the corner, and a harsh tug on my hand spins me. My back slams against the cold wall and lips press to mine. I whimper against his mouth, grabbing his shirt at the waist. One hand tangles in my hair and the other splays across my back. Our bodies are taut against each other, and I couldn't move even if I wanted to.

His tongue is probing and harsh in its movements, and the only thing driving this kiss is passion. It's pure. It's raw. It's real.

My whole body tightens, and I whimper again, pushing myself into him even more like there's an ocean between us. He dives his tongue in and out of my mouth, teasing me, and he nips and grazes my swollen bottom lip with his teeth.

"You better get your ass in my f**kin' truck before this wall sees more action than its damn well meant to." He pulls away and gazes at me with heavy eyes. Eyes that promise more. Eyes that promise everything.

"Where is it?" I breathe out and move with him, not wanting to let him go. Not wanting to stop at all, because I don't.

He leads me to it wordlessly and all but shoves me in the cab. I cross my legs on the seat as he gets in and pulls away. I can feel the tension between us, zinging back and forth, so heavy I can taste it with every panted breath I take.

"Where are we-"

"Don't," he rasps out. "Don't talk to me, Kia, unless you want me to pull over and make love to you right here on the side of the road where anyone could see us."

I swallow, staring out the dash. With the way I feel, it's tempting.

Very tempting.

Instead, I stay silent until he turns off-road onto a dirt track. He drives through some woods, until the sounds of the road have gone. We stop and Reese turns the keys, killing the engine. His door slams as he gets out, walks around the truck, and yanks mine open. He hauls me from the truck and my body slides against his. His hands cup my ass and his lips find mine, softer than before. I sink my fingers into his hair, and he walks us backward.

He lifts me into the cab of the truck and begins to feel around. He grabs a bag I didn't know was there and pulls out two blankets, laying them down, before putting me on them.

"I took a lucky guess you'd be leaving with me tonight," he whispers, crawling over me and looking down. "And I took a lucky guess we might not make it home."

I rake my fingers back through his hair as he lowers his body against mine.

"Very lucky guess," I whisper back, hooking my leg around his.

He takes my mouth with his, swallowing whatever words I had left to say, and covers my body with his.

~

"I miss the stars."

"You're lookin' at 'em right now, baby." Reese's fingers comb through my hair.

I sigh, snuggling into him closer. "I know. When I'm in New York, I mean. I miss them then. It's so bright with the city lights you can't see them."

"Yeah, but the lights ain't all that bad."

"No," I agree. "The city lights are amazing in themselves, especially at New Year, but there's somethin' about the stars. They're... I don't know. I think it's the country girl in me."

"You can take the girl out of the country..."

"...But not the country out of the girl," I finish, tilting my head back and smiling up at him. "You're right. Even when I didn't want to, all I could think about was coming back for the summer and bein' in the country again. No constant sirens, no crazy taxi drivers beeping their horns and no constant hum of life. I don't know how people go to the city and never leave."

"I bet city people think the same about us, though. How we can live in the country, in the quiet, and never feel the need to leave." Reese shifts slightly. "If you could, would you change it?"

"Change what?"

"Your choice. Where you go to school. Would you go to New York, or stay here in Alabama?"

"I..." How do I answer that? "I don't know. I decided on New York way before anything happened."

"If you knew then what you know now?"

"Hindsight is a wonderful thing, Reese. But that doesn't mean I'd change my decision. Is it worth leavin' my home for a better future? Yeah, it is. New York isn't forever. It's just a stepping stone. I would have always come back here at some point."

"At some point..."

I tilt my head back again and rest my hand on his cheek. "At some point, yeah. I didn't mean to come back this summer. I didn't really want to, but I knew I had to. I didn't know why I had to, but I do now. I had to come back to make everything right. I had to come back for the truth."

And that's it. I didn't have to come back this summer, not really. Jay would have let me stay with him in a heartbeat if I'd asked - just like he's letting me move in without batting an eyelid. Staying in New York was always an option, but I still came back. If I didn't, I'd still be thinking what ifs about every aspect of my life - about my parents, about Reese, about my whole damn life.

I'd still be wondering. I'd still be running.

"Truth is, Kia, I think I still would have been here waiting for you no matter how long it took you to come back." Reese kisses the tip of my nose.

"Really?" I scrunch my face up. "Even if I didn't come back until after college finished? In three years?"

He nods. "You drive me crazy in every way possible, girl. You're it. And you know it. You're all there is for me. You are my forever."

"Even though..." I swallow. "...Even though I broke your heart by running away, you would have given me a second chance?"

"Of course I would have. I have already, haven't I? Call me stupid or whatever, but everyone deserves their second chance. We can't always get things right the first time round, so we gotta try again, and this is us trying again. This summer is our second chance, baby, and there's no way we're getting it wrong this time."

CHAPTER 15

Sometimes I really wish I was more organized.

My newly empty suitcase glares at me almost accusingly from the corner of my room. Newly empty because, after weeks of being home, I've only just completely sorted it out. Ready to start repacking in a week or so.

I won't lie to myself - the urge to pack it now and go back to New York is almost overwhelming. Knowing that I can drive away from this place yet again almost teases me... Except this time, I wouldn't be running away from anything. Not really.

This time I'd be running from one problem into another, because in New York is my father, and I'm reminded of that fact every time I look at the piece of paper pinned to my corkboard above my desk.

I want to call him. Everything inside of me is begging me to pick up the phone and dial, but I'm not sure if I'm ready to. It's strange how we can want something for so long, yet when we're faced with the chance to have it, we're suddenly unsure if we really do want it. Of course, it would be much easier if it were straightforward. If there were no divorce, no wedding, and no... baby... I would call in a heartbeat. I'd be on the phone faster than he could answer it.

But there is a divorce. And a wedding. And a damn baby.

I'm reminded of that every time I go to dial his number. I'm reminded of the life he's lead without me for the last six years. I'm reminded of the fact he was "too cheap" to fight for me but not too cheap to get a new woman knocked up.

I have no idea how it makes me feel, not really. I don't know if I've let myself process it yet; I'm not sure I'm ready to deal with my new reality.

The shrill ring of my cell breaks through the silence, and I jump. I pause for a second, thinking it could be Dad calling, then shake it off. I know it's my move here.

"I've done something really stupid," my best friend's voice whimpers through the speaker.

"And you expect me to be surprised by this?" I reply dryly.

"No. Stupid. Really stupid. Really, really, really stupid," she babbles back.

I sigh and rub my forehead - which is pounding from last night at MIXX. "I'll be right there."

~

"You've done what?"

"Mmph," she squeaks, hugging her knees to her chest.

"How the hell can you not remember?"

"I... I don't know, Kia. I just can't. It's a bit blurry."

"Uh-huh." I stare at her in disbelief, her red-ringed, worried eyes causing a pang in my chest. "What about the morning after pill? Just in case?"

"It's Sunday," Luce whispers. "Everywhere is closed."

"Not in Dayton. We'll drive out and get you it. Just in case." I rub my hand down my face. "Shit, Luce. I really don't know how you can't remember whether or not you used protection!"

"You can't tell him!"

"Hey, I never said I was gonna. It's not my place to tell him anythin'."

She drops her forehead to her knees. "Stupid. Stupid stupid stupid!"

I scoot across her bed and wrap my arms around her, even if I do agree with her. "A little."

"A lot. This is exactly why I didn't want it to happen. I lose my head whenever he's around. It was one drink, and then another, and another, and another, and then he's driving me home, and then bam we're kissing and then we're in bed and then..." She takes a deep breath, pausing for a moment. "And then I don't remember much else except the best f**king orgasm I've ever had."

Typical. She can remember the orgasm, but not a condom. "And because you were at his you can't even check... Unless you call him."

Her head shoots up. "I am not calling Adam to see if he wrapped it up!"

My jaw clenches as I stand. Stubborn... "Then you need to get your sorry, hungover ass the hell outta bed, and let me drive you to Dayton so we can get you the morning after pill, just in case."

"What if someone sees us?"

I look back at her with my eyebrows raised. "It's that, or you call Adam. Let's face it, calling him could mean we have to go there anyway." I grab her sweatshirt and throw it at her. "You f**ked up, Luce, so now you have to sort it before it's too late."

Slowly, she drags herself off the bed and pulls the sweatshirt over her head. There's a slight slump to her shoulders, and I know she's regretting what happened with Adam. Hadn't she said only hours before that she didn't want a one night stand with him?

But that's Luce. When she's drunk she's impulsive and erratic. She thinks she's invincible, and she doesn't stop for a minute to think about the consequences of her actions. That's the problem here.

She never stopped to consider what could happen if she slept with Adam.

And even though I shouldn't be, as we pull away from her house, I'm hit by a pang of guilt. 'Cause goddamn, I know her better than anyone, and I could tell she was on a mission to get rip-roaring drunk last night, but I still left with Reese. I left her there without a voice of reason.

I trusted Adam not to take advantage of her. I trusted him to look after her.

Apparently, I was wrong.

"I don't want... I'm scared," Luce says softly, staring out the window.

"The pill will sort it, Lu. It's supposed to be ninety-five percent effective if you take it right away," I spout off what we had drummed into us in high school. "You'll be fine. It'll be fine."

"But didn't Shelly Cooper get pregnant after taking the morning after pill?"

"Yes," I answer slowly. "But she thought you had three weeks to take it, not three days."

"How can you even get that confused? There's a big damn difference."

I bite my tongue to refrain from mentioning there's a big damn difference between drunk and sober, and protected and unprotected sex.

"Well, she never was the brightest crayon in the box." I pull into the parking lot of the drugstore and look at Luce expectantly. She gnaws on her thumbnail, eyeing the store. "Well?"

"I'm scared."

"I'm scared for you, but you have a choice."

"Mmph."

"Pill or pregnancy test. That's your choice." I shrug. She snaps her teeth together and storms out of the car.

Maybe that was a bit harsh...

Maybe I'm being harsh to her, but I'm not gonna sit and sugarcoat it. She f**ked up and now she has to deal with it. It's because I care - and because a part of me feels like if I do the "best friend in the movies" thing and get it for her, I'm almost excusing it. I'm almost making it okay that she wasn't clear-headed enough to make sure they used protection.

Even if it isn't just her fault. I mean, Adam might have used it and she's genuinely forgotten, meaning all her freakout is for nothing... But then Adam might not have or assumed she was using it. So they're both guilty of it. Although she won't tell him through her own pride. Which means I can't go and kick his ass. Which means she gets the brunt of my annoyance at them.

Because I am annoyed. I'm annoyed at her blatant f**king stupidity.

"I am never doing that again," she groans, climbing into the car. I glance over at her. Her cheeks are as red as her hair, and I crack a small smile.

"Well, you know the solution. Use a condom next time." My eyes fall to the long, rectangular box in the bag she carried out, and I raise my eyebrows when she meets my eyes.

"Just in case," she mutters with a heavy sigh. "Just in case."

~

The lake really is one of my most favorite places. Ever. And if anywhere is gonna stop me running back to New York - especially after Luce's drama yesterday - then its here. And if anything is gonna root me to this town for another three weeks, its Reese and the thought that, though he has plans to come to New York with me, we've never actually discussed it. It makes me want to stay even if it's only long enough to talk to him about it.

My feet dip in the cool water and send mini waves across the surface as I contemplate the fact it hasn't been mentioned. Despite his one-time protest about me living with Jay, he hasn't acknowledged any of the issues that come with moving to a big city.

Like where he's going to live, where he's going to work, and how he's even gonna cope in the city. Compared to here, New York may as well be on a parallel dimension. It's not called the city that never sleeps for no reason, and in ten minutes you'll hear more horns beeping and sirens than you'll hear in six months here.

Maybe that's why Dad moved there when he left us; because it's a world away from the life he knew. From the life that was destroyed for him by the person that was supposed to care more than anyone.

Gentle footsteps on the dock behind me pull me from my never-ending, circling thoughts, and I peer over my shoulder. Reese drops next to me, pulls his shoes off, and holds his arm out to me. I shift up and curl into his body with my head resting on his shoulder. His lips press to the top of my head, and I relax a little.

Sometimes all you need is a big cuddle.

"Mom said you were out here," he says softly.

"She doesn't mind, does she?"

He laughs. "Of course she doesn't. It's you. I'm pretty damn sure you could have been waiting on the sofa, watching TV, and she wouldn't have minded."

I smile. "I'm good with the lake."

"Whatcha thinkin' about?"

"Who said I was thinking?"

"I know you, Kia. Your treehouse is your safe place, but the lake is your freedom."

I sigh. "Just... Everything. You know I go back in a couple of weeks, right?"

"But summer isn't over for another month." He sits up straight and looks at me.

"I have to get sorted for the start of the semester. And... Move into Jay's," I finish quietly. His jaw tightens but he says nothing. "It's gonna take me a while to get settled. I don't wanna be battlin' first classes, schedules, and a new place to live."

"Can't you stay in a dorm? At least until I get there?"

"We don't know when that is, Reese. Neither of us has any idea when you're gonna be able to come to New York. It's not the kind of place you drop in on unannounced - you have to be one hundred percent certain you want to be there."

"Doubtin' me, Kia?"

I stand up and shake my head, wrapping my arms around my stomach. "No. Not doubtin' you, Reese, just the likelihood of you actually being able to move as quickly as you think you can."

His cell ringing interrupts us, and he answers it with a snap. "What?... No... You're jokin', right?... No, Hana, if I've told you once then I've told you a hundred f**kin' times. There is no us... No, there ain't... Who gives a crap if I'm seein' someone else? Did you hear me?... There ain't an us... I don't care..."

I turn around and look at him. His hand is covering his face, and he continues to try and convince them there's nothing between them.

He's kinda lucky there's so much between us, or I'd be going all jealous girlfriend.

But that's not to say I'm not jealous. Because I am. Just a little. She did get to have him - even if it was only a small part - when I didn't.

Reese turns his head to me, shaking it, and he obviously sees something in my eyes because instead of replying to her shrill shouts, he launches his phone into the middle of the lake.

My mouth drops open. "Did you just-?"

"Hang up on her by throwin' my phone in the middle of the lake?" He stands with his eyebrows raised. "Yep. Looks like it."

I look at the lake and back at him. "But. What. Why? I..." I shake my head. "Why?"

"Because she was annoying the shit out of me. She's been callin' for three days now, asking me about "the bitch who thinks she can steal me from her.""

"Nice," I mumble when he wraps his arms around my shoulders and pulls me into him.

"Don't worry," he whisper against my ear. "I told her you're twice the bitch she can ever dream of being."

A laugh escapes me even as I jab his stomach. "Asshole."

"What? New York has given you a major bitchy streak. I like it."

"I think I'm supposed to take that as a compliment."

"I think that's how I meant it."

I poke his sides, and he squirms.

"Kia." There's a warning in his voice and it's oh so tempting. So despite the fact he's holding onto me, I sneak my fingers below his shirt and tickle his sides.

He shouts out, and I laugh, and he tickles me back. I scream, my knees buckling, and we both fall to the slightly wet dock. I'm laughing so hard I can barely breathe as I push at his chest to get him off me.

"Can't...breathe..." I giggle, shoving at him again.

"You know what happens when you tickle me, damn it, girl!" he responds in his husky laughing voice, slipping to the side and freeing my chest up.

I hold my stomach as I let my laughter peter out, and turn my face to his. "But it's so damn fun."

Reese pokes at my stomach, grinning. "The tickling you part is. It's a great excuse to touch your body."

"You know, sometimes you can be the cutest guy ever, but others you're a total pig."

He grins wider.

"But on that subject, I don't remember you ever needing a reason to touch my body." I raise an eyebrow.

"True." He rolls his body over, putting one hand flat next to my head, his face hovering above mine. "I don't need a reason, but I like having one."

"Why?"

"Because if I have a reason to touch you sometimes, then I can touch you more without one. It's like kissing. I don't always need a reason, but every time I can get away with a reason, I will."

I stare into his eyes, and I can feel the warmth in them throughout my whole body. "What if I like it when you kiss me without a reason? Don't you know the spontaneous, just-because kisses are the best kind of kisses?"

His lips quirk upwards, and he lowers his face. "In that case..." He moves closer until not even air can pass between our lips. "...Just because."

Warm softness presses against my mouth. My hand immediately reaches up and my fingers thread through his hair, holding him against me gently. His tongue flicks against the seam of my lips, pushing them open with the barest touch. My body arches into him as his tongue plays with mine teasingly. This kiss is in no way erotic or promising of a night together, but each tender sweep of his lips over mine resonates love and hope throughout my body.

"Trust me," he whispers against me, kissing me again. "Don't worry..." Kiss. "...About New York..." Kiss. "...I will be there. I promise." Kiss. "Just trust me."

"I do," I whisper back. "I just don't want to leave you."

He sweeps his mouth across mine once more and leans our foreheads together. "You're not leavin' me, baby. Not entirely, anyway."

"I am, though."

"Kia, it doesn't matter where you go, who you're with, or what you're doing. You'll never leave me behind entirely, because you'll always have my heart with you. You don't get a love like ours and get to leave it behind. It doesn't matter where we are, or how many miles are between us. Our love will always be there."

"How do you know?"

He pulls back, a knowing smile playing on his lips, and cups my cheek with his hand. "We're still here, aren't we?"

My own lips curve into a smile and I turn my face into his hand, closing my eyes. "Yeah. Yeah, I guess we are."

CHAPTER 16

"What if I wanted to stay in tonight?" I grumble, getting into the truck.

"You didn't."

"How do you know?"

"You wouldn't have agreed to come out."

I sigh. "I didn't agree to go out. I agreed to spend the night with you, Reese. Not go out to God knows where."

"Rock's," he replies.

"Why are we going to Rock's? It's a Tuesday night."

"Bonfire." He grins over at me. "Which means..."

"You get to burn marshmallows again?"

"Only if I can smear them over you."

I blush at the memory from last summer. "No. That was one of those random moments that wouldn't be half as good if we tried it again."

He stops at the lights and turns to me, raking his eyes across my eyes. I squirm a little in my seat.

"You're right. It wouldn't be as good. It'd be so much better."

I swat his leg. "Is that all you think about?"

"Maybe. Sometimes. When you wear shorts like that. Yes."

I laugh as he turns off onto the road to Rock's. I said I'd agreed to spend the evening with him, but since Luce called me earlier - no mention of pills, periods, or babies - I knew what was happening tonight and had arranged to meet her anyway. Reese is just saving my gas... but I'm not telling him that.

He opens the door for me after parking up and holds out his hand. I roll my eyes, but honestly, I love that he does this every time. It's such a simple gesture, so casual, yet it makes me feel so loved and wanted. I guess the smallest things really are the best in life.

He nudges the door closed, locks it, and slings his arm across my shoulders. "Luce is here, right?"

I nod. "Is Adam?"

"Yeah..."

I can't miss the wary note in his voice. "What?"

"Nothin'."

"Reese."

"He's with Stacy."

My step falters. "With Stacy?"

"Yeah. Like, with, with her."

"As in a relationship with her?"

Reese sighs. "Yes."

My face snaps toward his, and I stop in my tracks. "What the f**k?"

He shrugs. "I dunno. We're not like you and Luce - we don't dissect every single little detail of every conversation." Do we do that? Really? Huh. I guess so... "We just tell it how it is, so when he told me he was with Stacy, all I said was, "Okay, dude.""

I stare at him, my eyes hard.

"What? It's not like anything happened with him and Luce, right? They're still stuck in their f**ked up non-relationship state."

My hard stare turns to one of complete and utter shock. I know this because I almost scream out with that shock, so there's no way it can't be showing on my face. "You what?"

"Nothing happened with them, right?" He blinks. "Right?"

I hold up my hand for a second. "Shit, you really don't talk, do you?" We both shake our heads, his in answer, mine in disbelief. "Nothing happened? Is that what he told you?"

"He didn't tell me anything did, and ignored me when I said it joking around, so I assumed nothing happened."

I half-cough, half-snort. "Reese. Your best friend f**ked my best friend on Saturday night."

So. That came out sharper than I intended. And blunter. Oops.

"You what?"

I cover my mouth with my hand and bite back a giggle at the widening of his eyes. "Mhmm. And now he's with Stacy."

"And Luce is gonna be here." He smirks wryly. "This could be awkward."

I look in the direction of the bonfire even though I can't see anyone yet. "This will be awkward," I correct him. "We all know how subtle Luce is."

Reese's arm wraps itself around my shoulders again and pushes me toward the field. "Then we need to be there before all hell breaks loose. What time is Luce gonna be here?"

"In about ten minutes."

"Shit."

"Yup."

We walk a little faster toward the field, pushing our way through overhanging branches and trees. The first thing I see when we get there is Stacy draped over Adam making it clear their relationship is official. And exclusive. Very exclusive.

"Wait." I stop Reese. "I thought he finished everything with her?"

"He did. Like I said, Kia, we don't talk about everything like that. I dunno what happened."

Ugh. Not helpful.

I suck my bottom lip into my mouth as we approach them, my eyes scanning the people around us for Luce. The best friend part of me wants to text her and warn her, but the girl part of me says not to and to let her come here and kick Adam's ass the way he deserves it to be kicked. Because she will - if anyone in this town has a pair of balls as big as their brain, its Lucia Hampton, and all bets are off when she starts.

That, and anyone knows if they mess with her, they'll have all three brothers on their backs... Which means Adam's actions make no sense to me.

Stacy smiles at me. "Kia. It's been a while. And I see you two finally got it together." Her eyes flit between us.

"Yep." I force a smile. "I would have dropped by before," not, "but you know how it is. I've been really busy."

Of course you know. The whole town knows my damn business.

"Yeah, I heard about your dad. You poor thing."

There it is.

"Thanks, but it's all sorted now." I force another smile and turn my attention to Adam.

He looks at me for a few beats, and I find myself searching for the guy I've known since kindergarten. I find myself searching for the nice guy I know, opposed to the complete and utter jackass he is today.

"What's up?" he asks, shifting away from Stacy.

I look at his pants and back at his eyes. "I should ask you the same question."

Stacy looks between us. "What-"

"Kia," Adam starts.

I shake my head. "Don't. Don't, Adam. You don't need me to tell you, surely?"

"I..." He stops. "No."

"I'd wish you good luck, 'cause you're gonna need it, but you deserve every piece of shit you're gonna get for this."

"What are you talkin' about?" Stacy asks. "Reese?"

"Don't look at me," he mutters, sliding his arm to my waist and pulling me into him. "Nothin' to do with me."

Adam drops his head back, before realization sets in. "Here?"

"Of course." I smile wryly. "You know it, Adam. You have to know it would have been here. She's gonna turn up, see you, and you'll be lucky if you leave here tonight with your balls still attached instead of on the end of a skewer and being roasted on the fire."

He winces, and Stacy opens her mouth again. I spin, making Reese let go of me, and walk over to the old barrels we use as seats. He follows after me.

"That was harsh."

I sit down and glare up at him. "And what he's done isn't?"

"They had one night, Kia. It was just sex for them. He never promised her roses."

"You don't talk like we do. You don't know anything about what may or may not have happened."

He sighs, perching behind me on the barrel and wrapping his arms around my waist. I automatically lean back into him, melting into his touch.

"You win," he gives in. "But it was still harsh."

"Maybe a little. But if Adam has any brains, he'll explain to his girlfriend what he was doing on Saturday night before Luce tells her."

"Tells her what?"

Oh, shit.

Luce appears next to me and looks down at me. "Who's tellin' who what?"

Reese points in Adam's direction before I can say anything. I watch as Luce's eyes squint, widen, then narrow.

"I thought-"

"Apparently not," I say softly.

She gasps, her hand flying to her mouth and her eyes focusing on us. "Were they... Saturday?"

I never thought of that.

"Reese?" I prompt. "Were they?"

"No. Yesterday," he reassures us. "He was single then."

Luce sighs and drops onto the barrel next to us. "I almost wish it wasn't true. I almost wish he wasn't single. Does that make me a bitch?"

"Depends why you wish that." I shrug.

She smirks, glancing at me. "If he wasn't single, I'd be totally justified in going over there and kicking his ass the f**k to Canada and back."

Reese buries his face in my back and shakes with silent laughter.

"I'd still do it," I tell her.

"Why?" she asks. "We had one night. Sex. Neither of us promised anything to the other. I owe him nothing. He owes me nothing."

But, as our eyes meet in the darkness, we both know that final statement might not be entirely true.

~

My fingers strum the strings of the guitar, not following any particular song. I'm playing in the most relaxing way. I'm playing the kind of music that comes straight from the heart. It's the kind that drags up every feeling and thought and pours them out, the strings sending vibrations through the air. Each note resonates through me, wrapping me in comfort and maybe even touching my soul deep down inside of me.

This kind of music is the best, because it's free. Effortless. Thoughtless. It's the epitome of the word truth. And it's all I have to express, because sometimes words just don't feelings justice.

Sometimes when you feel enough things, strong enough for long enough, words become inadequate. They become meaningless in your life because the way you feel becomes more than the way you speak. When you're too scared to speak, you scream. When you're too sad, you cry, and when you're too confused, you simply say nothing at all.

And the gentle, familiar notes winding into a beautiful, honest melody is my way of saying everything while saying nothing at all.

Until my phone buzzes loudly on the side, breaking through my peace. I set my guitar aside with a heavy sigh, grabbing the cell from the side. Denny's Bar is the number on screen - a number I have saved for emergencies only - and I instantly freeze up.

"Hello?"

"Kia? That you, girl?" Denny's rough voice growls down the phone.

"Who else is it gonna be?" I snap back. We don't exactly have a love-love relationship.

"You need to pick your momma up. She passed out here last night, and she needs to sleep her liquor off before she gets her ass into work at six tonight."

"And she can't sleep there?"

"I'm a bar, not a f**kin' hotel."

"She's been there all damn night, Denny. Why you just callin' me now?"

"I thought she might have woken her ass up by now. I got a delivery comin' in now, so get down here and pick her up." He hangs up, and I throw my phone on the phone, crying out in frustration.

I snatch my car keys from the bed beside me and storm downstairs. I haven't seen her for I don't even know how long, yet I'm still expected to be the parent. I've had no answers to my questions, no explanations from her... Nothing since the day she handed me the divorce papers and expected me to deliver them to Daddy.

So why am I doing this? I have no idea - but I do know it's gonna be the last time.

Driving through town is simple as always, and it feels like no time has passed when I park outside Denny's. The bar looks like it should be in a Western movie, not outside a small, barely-heard-of town. It's total cowboy, and honestly, I'm not surprised Jay refers to all Southerners as cowboys.

Denny's place doesn't exactly give off any other impression. And neither does the man, I remember, as I push open the door and step into the stale-smelling bar. He's standing at the end of the bar, his long, dirty blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail at the nape of his neck, wearing a checkered shirt and jeans tucked into cowboy boots.

Yeah. The guy should be on a goddamn ranch, not behind a small country bar. Preferably in another state.

"Kia," he drawls, leering at me. "You look more like your momma every time I see you."

"Thank God I don't act more and more like her," I retort. "Where is she?"

"She's out back, feelin' sorry for herself no doubt." He cocks his thumb over his shoulder, and I pass him, breathing through my mouth.

Momma's sitting on an old ratty sofa, a glass of water - I think - resting on her knee, and her hand over her eyes. She's wearing last night's clothes and make-up, and I click my tongue.

"We're goin'," I say shortly, staring at her.

She drops her hand. "We are, are we?"

"I've just driven here at the order of your boss to get you home, so you bet we are. If you could see yourself, you'd know you need to get home and have a damn good shower." I put my hand on the door handle and glance back at her. "Well?"

"I'm comin'."

I leave without checking she's following, and almost walk straight into Denny.

"Excuse me," I say through my teeth. He steps to the side, allowing me to pass. "Thank you. Oh, and, Denny? Don't call me expectin' me to do this again. You want her to go home, then you put her in a cab and send her back. I'm not her keeper or your skivvy. If she's in your bar, it's your job to watch what she's drinkin', and it sure as hell ain't my job to clean up the mess."

"You're her daughter, Kia."

"Exactly. I'm her daughter." I yank open the bar door, taking a deep breath of fresh air. God. I really do hate this place.

I get into the car and wait for her to come teetering out, but she doesn't. Her heels swing from her fingers as she walks barefoot across the parking lot and slides into the passenger side. She barely closes the door before I tear away from the bar.

Momma curses under her breath before looking at me and saying, "Jesus, Kia. Slow the hell down."

I ignore her, changing gear a bit too vigorously.

"I get it. You're pissed 'cause you had to come get me."

"Damn right I am!"

"I told him to just let me sleep it off there, and then I'd be fine for work tonight."

"And how many times have you done that this week, huh? I haven't seen you, so I don't even wanna know. But yeah, Mom. I'm damn pissed right now. I'm not a freakin' cab service."

"I know," she replies in a smaller voice. A hint of weakness leaks through, and I realize this is the first time I've seen her sober in ages. This is the first time I've seen her drink anything other than vodka, or rum, or gin, or beer for ages.

Tense silence stretches between us as I drive the rest of the way home without responding to her. I have nothing to say to her right now - her knowing what she's doing isn't gonna make it magically go away. Knowing that she has to change and actually changing it is the only thing that will make it all go away.

I get out of the car and walk inside before anything else can be said. Its damn crazy how half an hour ago I was completely satisfied, playing the guitar, and now I feel like a ticking time bomb ready to explode with anger. I boil the kettle as Mom comes in after me and trots up the stairs. She has to be back at the bar for her shift in three measly hours, and I have no idea how she plans on accomplishing that.

I make my coffee and take a seat at the kitchen table, hearing the shower start up. And I sigh, because there are so many questions now buzzing in my head. There are so many things I need and want to ask her, but I already know the answer to the biggest one; why the drink?

Because it's how she escapes from reality. We all need an escape. I play guitar, and she drinks.

I just wish, more than anything, that she could find another escape.

~

A throat clearing in the doorway draws my attention from the grain on the wooden table. My finger stops its tracing, and my eyes go to Momma's much cleaner person.

"I'm sorry."

I blink at her. "What?"

"I'm sorry," she repeats.

"I know what you said. I'm just wondering exactly what you're apologizin' for."

She wanders over to the kettle and boils it. "For you havin' to come out to Denny's and get me. I know you hate it there."

I nod in response, turning my attention back to the table. I run my finger back along the grain, my nail digging into the wood slightly. One of the chairs scrapes along the floor, and Momma sits opposite me.

I glance up. Her damp blonde hair is hanging over one of her slumped shoulders and her hands are wrapped tightly around her mug. For a moment, I feel bad about the way I just spoke to her. For a moment, she reminds me of the woman she used to be.

But the empty bottle in the corner of the kitchen brings me back to now.

I breathe in deeply and tap my fingers against the table. "Why did you do it? To Daddy?"

"I don't have an answer for you, Kia," she replies quietly. "I wish I did, but I don't. I don't know why I did what I did."

"Figures," I mumble.

"But I regret it." She looks up suddenly, her eyes focused on me. "I wish I never did it. Whether you believe it or not, that's the truth."

I want to believe it. I want to believe she wishes she could turn back time and not do whatever it was with whoever it was. I want to believe she wishes she could go back and drive home alone instead of leaving work with someone else.

And the shadow dulling what was once a pair of vividly colored eyes makes me believe her just a little.

"Do you still love him?"

She snorts, but it's not derogatory or scoffing. It's sad. "I'm always gonna love your Daddy, girl. He gave me you, and I know I ain't the best mom in the world, but together, we had it all. Me, you, and him. We had the world, and I threw it all away. Now don't you sit there thinkin' I'm tryna guilt trip you, 'cause I ain't. Both me and your Daddy handled things wrong, and we wrecked what was already the hardest time of your life. I don't expect you to sit there and forgive me for what I did. I'm not blind - I see I don't deserve that forgiveness. I don't deserve anythin' from you, Kia, and I don't expect anythin', either. I wouldn't be surprised if when you leave for school this year you decide not to come back at all. I'm surprised you came back this time."

"Harlan Grove is my home. I might not like it much, but it is. I'll always have to come back at some point."

"No, you ain't. You ain't gotta come back at all." She stands, pushing her chair back and reaching round to dump her mug in the sink. "I ain't been about for you much but I've seen you and heard the way people talk about you. When they get past their gossipin' and their storytellin', they couldn't be more in awe of you. "Little Kia James, all grown up at college in New York," they say. The girl with the broken family and the dead-end Daddy, the girl who was never supposed to amount to anythin' has turned around and told them all where the f**k they can stick their nosin'.

"So if you don't wanna come back here, you don't. You go and live wherever the hell you wanna live, girl, because you're more than this dead-end little town. I didn't leave when I got the chance, and look at me. Don't make the same mistake I did and stay for love. Love does nothin' but hurt you."

She walks away, leaving me staring at her back. That's the longest conversation we've had since I got home that wasn't arguing. It's the most honest conversation we've had since the day Daddy left... But honest doesn't always mean true.

"You're wrong about love," I whisper, closing my eyes and holding in tears. "I know you're wrong."

Staying somewhere for love isn't the mistake. What you choose to do after you have that love is, because doesn't always have to hurt.

Sometimes love is the very thing that heals the hurt.

CHAPTER 17

"It's ready, and I'm ready for you to get your ass back to New York," Jay says before I can greet him.

"My room is ready?" I tilt my head to the side and trap my cell between my shoulder and my ear as I sort through my endless piles of clothes.

"What else do I have that's ready for you?"

"I don't know if I should answer that."

His low chuckle down the line tells me I've made the right choice.

"Probably shouldn't," he agrees. "But it's ready for whenever you're ready."

I sigh, my hand hovering over my college sweater. "I was planning on coming back next weekend, but I was waiting for you to call before I made any plans. I guess I can now."

Heaviness settles in the pit of my stomach at the thought of making real plans to leave. Without Reese.

"No need to sound so sad, babe. Sure, you'll be leaving behind your cowboy, but look what you get to come back to!"

I laugh. "And you wonder why you're single. Honest, Jay, your head is bigger than anyone's I know."

"No, Kia. I'm single because I have a hard and fast rule of, "Fuck feelings and just f**k.""

"Don't I know it?" I throw my school sweater on the bed to pack in my suitcase.

"So, is your cowboy not coming then?"

"Not when I do. I'm comin' back without him, and hoping he comes in a few weeks or something. I dunno, Jay. This is why I left in the first place - the distance. I just don't know if we can make it work."

"Fuck yes you're going to make it work!" he cries down the phone. "I've listened to your mopey ass for a damn year. I don't get all that feelings shit, you know that, but there's no way you're walking away now. If you come back here and stroll into my apartment without the intention of making your relationship with the cowboy work, I'll be hauling your pretty little butt back on a f**king plane and sending you back to Ranch County to sort out your crap."

My lips twitch. "You know, for someone who has a f**k feelings rule, you're a pretty good advocate for making a relationship work."

"Because it's you. I haven't f**ked you, unfortunately, so that means I care about you and I want you to be happy. It's a pain in my ass, but I think I'm stuck with it." He sighs dramatically, but I know he's grinning.

"I love you, too, Jay." I laugh, throwing some more clothes in the general direction of my bed. "I'll call you when I know exactly when I'm leavin', okay? You know, so you can make sure I don't innocently wander into a Playboy bunny inspired f**kfest or something."

"Hey, that's not-"

"Bye, Jay." I hang up and shake my head. My life is truly dysfunctional right now, when I think about it.

My mother is a raging alcoholic. My father has been living possibly only minutes away from me for a year with a new fiancee and baby, and I never knew a thing about it. My best friend here is in an am-I-aren't-I pregnancy situation, and my best friend in New York is gonna cause the dictionary definition of "whore" to be rewritten - in his honor.

And my boyfriend, the guy who was never supposed to love me after I left him, does. More than anything I ever believed possible. He loves me in the fairytale way my daddy loved my momma - and he makes me believe in true love. More than that, he was always right. Age doesn't mean a thing when it comes to love. Age doesn't dictate how, when, or how much you love someone. All that dictates that is the heart, because as crazy and impulsive as the heart is, it's never wrong.

Which is why I'm still leaving for New York. My heart is telling me I have to.

And that's all there is to it.

I lay my suitcase flat on the floor and unzip it, flipping the top open. I take my books from the side, putting them in first, followed by my school sweats. My wardrobe beckons me, and I crawl across the floor to get there. I pull the doors open, and the first thing I see is the shoebox of photos I stuffed in there on the day I arrived home.

The photos from last summer.

My hands hover over the box for a minute before my fingers curl around it and slide it out. I move back from the wardrobe and tip it upside down, emptying the images all over my floor. Apart from one or two fleeting thoughts over the last few weeks, I've barely thought about these. But now... Now I want to see them.

The first I pick up are the graduation photos. There's a whole stack of pictures from the day - both the ceremony and after-party - and most of them are held together by an elastic band. I slip it off and onto my wrist and flick through the pictures. Reese, Adam, Luce, me... There are pictures of all four of us receiving our diplomas. There are group shots, couple shots, individual shots... They're all endless. I smile as I look at them all, remembering. But none of them makes me smile as much as the last image in the pile.

It's of me and Reese at the after-party. We're standing to the side, the bonfire's light illuminating us. His arm is slung around my shoulders, and his face turned into mine.

"High school is over then," he had said casually.

"Yep. Took long enough." I glanced up at him, and we both grinned.

"And now it's the summer."

"You're on the ball tonight," I teased him.

"Hey." He laughed and pulled me closer to him, sending happy tingles through my body. "I feel like I should tell you somethin' about this summer, though."

"Oh, you do, do you?"

"Mhmm." His lips brushed the hair covering my ear, and his warm breath fluttered across my skin. "You should know, Kia, this summer is gonna be the best damn summer you're ever gonna have."

My skin tingles even now at the memory. It was a promise and a threat mixed into one, but it was a perfect threat. It was the threat I wanted him to carry through with, and he absolutely did.

The pictures show me what I didn't realize back then. Everything he did, every word he said, everywhere he took me, it was all for me. He pursued the idea of us relentlessly.

Just like this summer. He wanted me back, despite everything, and he pursued it just as relentlessly as he did last summer. And I realize, now, he always knew he was gonna win. Because you don't have a charm like Reese Pembleton's and not get what you want. Every time.

I flick through the rest of the images. Beach pictures, at the bowling alley, all-nighters in the diner, at the bowling alley, and just casually hanging out. There's a whole stack of selfies of me and Luce and I set some aside to take to New York with me. And then I grab a picture of me and Reese in the lake, me on his back and his lips against my cheek.

I tuck the rest of them back into the box and put it back into the wardrobe.

"You're packin'?"

I shriek, jumping backward and knocking my head on the wardrobe door. Luce laughs, moving forward to help me up.

"Jesus, Luce. Don't you ever knock?"

"You know I don't." She jumps onto my bed, narrowly missing a pile of my clothes.

"Careful." I grab them and dump them carelessly in the suitcase. She raises her eyebrows as I sit in front of her. "What?"

"Careful, she says, and then she throws the dang things." She sighs. "I came by to tell you I'm leaving early."

"As in going to Vegas early?"

"Yep."

"When are you going?"

"Tomorrow."

My mouth drops open, and I can do nothing but stare at her for a second. She picks at her nails, then glances up at me and shrugs a shoulder.

"But why?" I choke out.

"I want to go back."

"It's because of Adam."

"No, it's not."

"That wasn't a question. That was me statin' the obvious."

She sighs, grabbing my pillow and burying her face into it. "Yes. No. I don't know, Kia. This whole thing is getting to me, and then we turn up to Rocks and he's with Stacy. I mean, what the heavenly f**k? He sleeps with me, and then he's suddenly Mr. Fucking Monogamous with her?"

I can see the heartbreak in her eyes when she glances up at me over the pillow. "He's an ass, Luce. We always knew that. I know it doesn't make it better, but I can always put some itching powder in his work overalls or something."

"That's immature, Kia." Her lips twitch.

"I'm not above high school pranks when it's for you." I grin. "In fact, I'm totally on par with them."

"I guess I can't control what you decide to do." She cracks a proper smile. It's small, but there's a hint of my Luce in there.

"And you? What are you gonna do?"

Her smile drops, and she looks out of my window. "I guess I'm gonna go to Vegas, pray to Mother Nature - complete with endless apologies over any insults that may or may not have been thrown her way - and hope like hell my period shows up when it's supposed to."

~

Watching Luce drive away with her car full of her stuff leaves a hollow feeling in my chest. I kick at the wall outside her house and grip my keys in my palm, the metal cutting into my skin.

Impulsively, I climb into my car and head to Adam's dad's garage. I know him and Reese will be there, but for once I'm not going to see Reese. I don't even know what I can say to Adam, but I need to say something. Anything.

Failing that, maybe I do just need a cuddle from Reese.

"Uh oh." Adam's voice carries outside as I get out of my car. I see him in the corner of the workshop and stare at him, my hands on my hips. He rubs his hand down his face. "Reese, Kia's here."

"Believe it or not, I ain't here to see him."

"I can believe that," Adam mutters, dropping his wrench and sitting on a table. "Let rip. I know you want to."

"Why?" I ask him. "Why did you sleep with her?"

"I'm a guy, Kia. Shit, if a girl comes onto me, I'm not gonna throw her off me, am I? Especially not when that girl looks like Luce."

"Bullshit excuse. She was half drunk when we left, let alone whenever it was you two left. Why the f**k didn't you just tell her no and drop her off at home?"

"Maybe I didn't want to tell her no. Maybe I wanted to f**k her. Did you think of that?"

"Well, obviously, considering you did sleep together. Shit, Ad. I've known you my whole damn life, and not even I thought you could be this freakin' stupid!"

"Kia?" Reese comes out from the back and wipes his hands on a rag. "What's up, baby?"

"This... This jerk!" I wave toward Adam. "Luce has gone back to Vegas. She's left early, and it's all because this asshat couldn't keep his damn dick in his pants after he stuck it in her!"

I wince at my own crudeness.

"Okay." Reese walks over to me and puts his hands on my arms, rubbing softly. "Calm down."

"I can't." I lean into him. "Now she has to do it all by herself, and she should have been here with me so I could be there for her, but now she's going to Las f**king Vegas to deal with it all herself."

"Deal with what?" Adam asks sharply. "What do you mean, "do it all by herself?""

Holy f**king big mouth, Kia.

"Nothin'. Nothin'," I lie into Reese's chest. Crap crap crap crap.

"No, what?"

"Um." I clear my throat, and Reese strokes my hair. "Did you... Um... I mean. Shit."

"Spit it out, Kia!"

"Protection," I blurt. "Did you use it?"

I look over at him and get the view of horrifying realization falling over his face.

"Fuck," Adam and Reese both say simultaneously, and Adam drops back onto his chair.

That's the answer I need. That's all I needed to know.

"Mhmm," I squeak out. "We, um, I took her back into Dayton on Sunday. She got the morning after pill, because she couldn't remember, but you know."

"It doesn't always work," Adam mutters. "Fuck!" He stands again and kicks the chair. "Why didn't she f**kin' tell me?"

I push Reese off of me and turn to him. "What were you doing the first time she saw you after that night, huh? You had another girl draped over you! What was she supposed to do? Walk up to you and say, "Oh, hey, Adam, I hope your bitch doesn't mind, but I need to know if you wrapped it up on Saturday night. If not, there's a chance I could be carrying your kid?""

"Man, she has a point." Reese shrugs.

"And now she's left?" Adam clarifies, his face completely drained of color.

"Yep. About fifteen minutes ago. She'll be well clear of here, now. She wasn't messin' around, Ad. She wanted the hell out of here."

"When will she... er... know?" Reese asks me awkwardly.

"A week or so, maybe. I'm not exactly sure. I wasn't gonna leave till she knew for sure, but now she's gone, I'll be goin' next Friday." I see Reese's body tense out of the corner of my eye. "I guess she'll know around then, maybe the week after."

Adam drops his head into his hands. "Shit. Fuck. What if she is? That's like..."

"A baby," I supply helpfully. "A real life, crying, screaming, pooing, sicking, milk-guzzling baby."

"Thanks, Kia. Your compassion knows no bounds," he replies sarcastically.

"You're welcome. But the question is, what are you gonna do if she is?"

His head snaps up. "What the hell do you think I'm gonna do? I'm gonna be there for her. If she is - and we both know it's a big if - I'm gonna do everythin' I damn well can for her."

"She's in Vegas, and you're here," Reese reminds him, putting a hand on my waist. "And you're with Stacy."

Adam shakes his head, walking to the toolbox and leaning forward on it. "I don't give a f**k about Stacy, man, you know that. I look at you guys, see how much you two care about each other, and I look at Luce and want her to have it. I want to be the one to give it to her, but I never tried because I've always known she was worth more than that. She deserves more than that. Yet that's why I didn't turn her down on Saturday. I'm like a lovesick f**king puppy where she's concerned. So, if she is pregnant, you can bet your whole damn life I'm getting into my car and driving to Vegas to be at her side whether she wants me there or not."

My eyes meet Reese's, both of us stunned by his open admission. Adam never opens up. He never tells anyone how he feels - and that makes it even more shocking. I know I've always thought he had a thing for Luce, but I never knew he cared that much. But it's the fact he held it all back because he believed she deserved better than him, more than him, that gets me. Any annoyance I had at him melts away, and I cross the garage to him, standing just behind him.

"And what if she isn't? What then? Does everything carry on as normal?" I ask him softly.

He shrugs, sighing heavily. "No idea. Maybe I'll end up jumpin' in my car and driving to Vegas anyway."

I rest my hand on his back and lean in close. "And maybe, if you do, you'll see the two of you have very different ideas about what she deserves."

"Yeah, but it won't change a thing, Kia."

"Or maybe it will," I argue. "How do you know unless you try?"

"She's right, Adam," Reese agrees. "And you know it. For f**k sake, don't make the mistake me and Kia did. Don't sit here mopin' and bein' an ass**le just because your balls are too small to chase after what you want."

"So you're saying I should go anyway?" Adam turns his head and looks at me.

I nod once, sharply. "If you want her, don't stand here feeling sorry for yourself. Sort your shit out here, then go and f**king well get her."

CHAPTER 18

A high-pitched shriek breaks through the moment, and I turn to see a blonde girl launch herself at Reese. My eyebrows shoot up, and Adam's curse tells me everything I need to know.

The girl trying to attach herself to my boyfriend is the infamous Hana.

"I'm on break," Adam mutters, darting around me.

"Hell no." I grab his shirt and pull him back. "You're stayin' with me."

"Shit," he mutters again. "I hate this chick."

"So does the rest of town, apparently," I whisper.

"This is why." He nods in the direction of Reese and Hana. Thankfully, he's managed to extricate himself from her.

"Wait, isn't she back early?"

"Two weeks early."

"Damn."

"Paranoid."

"Obsessed," I correct him. He snorts into his hand.

"Uh, hi?" Reese rubs the back of his neck awkwardly, glancing over at us.

"Aren't you happy to see me?" Hana smoothes her hair back with perfectly manicured fingernails. "I thought you would be."

"Um," Reese pauses. "Am I meant to be?"

I ball my hand into my fist and bite down on it to stop a barking laugh leaving me. Adam is doing the exact same thing.

"Reese," she whines, drawing his name out. Goddamn. Now I get it. She really does sound like a toddler.

"Hana, I told you god only knows how many times, there's nothing between us. I'm actually kinda sick of hearin' it myself."

"I know you didn't mean it. It was just because of her. I know you had that thing last summer, but Pheobe told me all about her. She's stupid for leavin' you and you know she'll just do it all again. Her family is f**ked up, Reese. You know all about her mom and dad and all that shit. And that all means she's f**ked up, too. She's probably a little unstable, you know. How can't she be?"

"Well, shit," I say without thinking. "And this is comin' from the girl that rushed back from Europe because she has a girlish fantasy over my boyfriend. But, yes, please continue with your oh-so-insightful analyzing of my life, which, I might add, you know sweet f**k all about. It's just so damn interestin'."

She turns surprised brown eyes on me. That surprise quickly changes to bitterness. "I should have guessed you'd be here. Pheobe said you'd been chasing him all summer."

This time I do laugh out loud. "God, yes. Excuse me for being in the place my boyfriend works. I must have gotten lost on my way to the loony bin."

Adam snorts.

"It's sad, you know, how you left him then came running back expectin' him to fall at your feet. Now I'm back, and thanks for keeping him busy, but since he was mine anyway, I'll take him back."

A fierce wave of protectiveness like nothing I've ever felt sweep my body and my feet start moving. Adam grabs my arms as my jaw tightens.

"Hana," Reese says in a tight, strongly accented voice. Hell, she's pissed him off. "Only one person done the chasin' this summer, and it weren't Kia. I fought to get her back, and you know why? Because there's f**k all between me and you, but there's everything between me and her. Sooner you realize that, the better, I'm tellin' you. And you can't take me back, because you can't take somethin' that was never f**king well yours. I've always been hers. And you know what? Her family might be f**ked up, and she might be a little crazy sometimes, but I happen to love the shit out of her crazy."

Hana glares at him, not saying a thing. I nudge Adam.

"You can let me go now. I'm unstable, remember? I'm not expected to act rationally." I grin at him.

He returns my smile, his eyes twinkling playfully. "Well okay, if you insist. Just, for f**k sake, Kia, try and keep the biting to a minimum. I'm running out of excuses to give people, and your strait jacket is still in the laundry basket from your outbreak last time."

I salute him playfully and walk over to Reese. He's looking at me with an amused smile on his face, and Hana throws her arms in the air.

"Fine. Fine. You stay together, but you'll never be anythin'. You could have had it all with me, Reese, but you're choosin' her instead. Fine," she spits.

"I'm sorry... What college are you planning on goin' to when you graduate from high school?" I ask innocently, tilting my head to the side.

"Community, not that it's any of your business."

"Oh that's a shame, because Miss Nobody here is in New York." I shrug. "But I guess some of us are happy to live off our parents and have a misguided sense of entitlement because of Daddy's money. In the meantime, the rest of us get off our pretty, spoilt little asses and work hard to achieve the kind of happiness that money can't buy." I smile sweetly, and she stares at me in shock for a second before turning on the balls of her feet and storming to a pretty little convertible that looks so out of place in the Grove.

I look up at Reese as she tears away. "What? I'm not going to bite." I keep my grin in place.

He scratches the side of his nose and wraps an arm around my waist. His face dips into mine. "You can if you want. I'm just sayin'."

I kiss him quickly, then pull back and raise an eyebrow at him. "And you have some explainin' to do. That's what you thought could replace me? Really?"

"She got a point," Adam mutters.

"Aren't you on break?" I throw at him, smirking.

"Smart ass." He saunters into the back room, chuckling, and I turn back to Reese. My arms hook around his neck.

"Never replace. I thought she could distract me from you, but she could never replace you. No one could." His nose brushes mine. "But, hell, she really does have a screw loose, doesn't she?"

I stand on my tiptoes, pushing my body against his, and smile. "I'm pretty sure she's got more loose screws than all your toolboxes put together."

"You could be right," he murmurs against my lips.

"Just as well you're used to crazy, right?"

"Hey, I meant that."

"That I'm a little crazy?"

"Yep - but I really do love the shit out of your crazy."

~

"Not happenin', Denny. I told you that." I grit my teeth together.

"What, you wanna send her in a cab?"

"Send her in a f**king horse and carriage if you want to. I'm not drivin' out to the bar to pick her up. I told you before I'm not doin' it anymore. I'm not her keeper."

"What happened to the Kia I knew? She was real nice."

My lip curls. "Nice little Kia got so much shit off people like you she grew up and told them all to f**k themselves. Put my mom in a cab and send her home, otherwise keep her there. Goodbye."

I switch my phone to silent and put it face down. Under my pillow. Just in case.

"That who I think it was?" Reese asks, walking into my room. I nod, letting him fold me into his embrace.

"I told him no."

"I think you told him more than no, baby." He chuckles.

"Yeah, well." I laugh a little. "I'm not doin' it anymore. Besides, I won't be here to do it in a couple days."

He twitches. "You all packed?"

I nod. "Just last minute things to put in, but I can't do that until Friday morning."

"So you're free now?" He runs his nose along my cheek, his lips whispering across my skin after it.

"Mhmm." I nod.

"Good." His hands slide from my back to my hips and pull them into him. "Because I want you all to myself tonight. You can sleep all day tomorrow if you really want to, but tonight, you're mine."

CHAPTER 19

I haul my suitcase into the trunk of my car and slam the top down. My heart sits heavily in my chest, and I glance at my cell to see the time for what feels like the hundredth time since I woke up this morning. My flight isn't until tonight, but the drive to the airport will take most of the day.

I know I have to go. It's inevitable - after all, New York is where my education is. It's where my future and my dreams lie. It's the only place that can give me them.

Not even love can fulfil my dreams.

And, I reason with myself, Dad is waiting. We have a lot to talk about and work through - something that can't be done anywhere other than New York City. Because he was right. Harlan Grove isn't the place for us to work out whatever is hanging between us and whatever is stretched in front of us. There's too many memories and emotional ties in this small town for anything to be thought through clearly.

My eyes fall to the screen of my cell again. Where's Reese? He said he would be here, and he has to come. Just the thought of leaving without saying goodbye again threatens to tear me apart.

But there's no threat, just a promise. The heartbreak that will follow is a certainty.

My hand hovers above the door handle for a moment before I let my fingers curl around it. I take a deep breath, ready to open it, when I hear the rumble of a truck. A truck I know. Hope blossoms inside me and I look up.

His red truck skids to a stop on the street and he jumps out without shutting the door behind him. I barely see him before I'm pulled into his embrace.

"You're still here," he breathes into my hair.

I nod against his neck. "I was about to leave. I thought you weren't coming."

"I was always comin'," he replies in a gravelly tone. "Like I'd let you leave without saying goodbye, Kia. Not this time. Not ever again."

"I don't want to go," I whisper. Tears sting at the back of my eyes. "I don't want to leave you again." The hot liquid escapes despite my best efforts, and my shoulders shudder as reality hits me.

I'm really leaving him again. I'm really going... And I have no idea if we'll even see each other before Christmas. Even Thanksgiving isn't definite, but it's too far away. Hell, tomorrow is too far away.

"Damn it. Don't cry, baby. Please don't cry." Reese tightens his grip on me, leaning back against my car. I let my body sag into him and hold onto him like my life depends on it.

"I wish you were coming."

"Soon. I promise." He pulls back, lifting my head, and cups my cheeks with his hands. His sad, yet earnest, eyes bore into mine, shining with the love I know is mirrored in mine. His thumbs swipe softly below my eyes, wiping away the tears falling from them. "I promise, Kia. I'm gonna do my damn best to get my ass up to New York before you even realize we've been apart. I'll be there before you've even had a chance to miss me."

I shake my head. "Not possible. I'll be a mess of blubbering, hopelessly in love teenage girl by the morning."

"By the morning? I'm offended," he teases. "I'll probably collapse right here the second you drive away."

Despite the truth in his words, I crack a small smile and press our faces together. "Try not to destroy my pathetic excuse of a yard, okay?"

"I'll try," he mutters against my lips.

The moment looms on us, and I can feel it settling. I know we have to say goodbye. We could stand here all day, making promises to each other if we really wanted, but it wouldn't change anything. Standing here is only delaying what has to happen, and that's not good for either of us.

The longer you leave things, the harder they are to do. Avoiding the things you don't want to do never gets anyone anywhere.

"You have to go now, don't you?"

I nod, fresh tears spilling from my eyes, and sniff a little. "Yeah. I'll miss my flight if I don't go now."

Reese sighs heavily. "I swear to God, Kia, the second you leave, I'm gonna spend every spare second trying to find a job and place to stay in New York. And I swear to God I won't stop until I have somewhere. Even if it means I have to live outside the city and work inside it, travelling for hours every day. I'll do it because I'll be closer to you."

"I'll look, too," I promise him. "I'll do everything I can."

"I know."

Silence stretches between us as we look into each other's eyes. My fingers are curled tightly around the collar of his shirt, and his hands are firmly on either side of my head. Neither of us wants to move, because moving means letting go and letting go means leaving.

And leaving means goodbye.

And goodbye means being apart.

Again.

"Okay," he says firmly. "You need to go or you'll never make it."

I nod even though my heart is clenching, tightening, breaking. I nod even though I don't agree in the slightest.

"I love you," I whisper, my voice cracking.

"I love you." His lips press firmly against mine, so firmly not even a breath of air is between them. I kiss him back, giving it everything I have. My knees shake as we part, and he lets me go. I feel the loss of him against me more clearly than I've ever felt anything before, and it's taking everything I have inside of me not to let it show just how much it hurts.

Reese opens my car door, and I get in. I open the window and start up the engine.

"I guess this is goodbye," I say softly, focusing on my steering wheel. I can't look at him again. I just can't.

He leans forward, leaning on the door. "No, baby. No. This isn't goodbye. Goodbye would suggest we're never gonna see each other again. Goodbye suggests forever, and this isn't forever. This isn't even close to forever. It's nothing like a goodbye - it's barely even a see you later. Do you hear me, Kia James?"

I tear my eyes from the wheel to meet his, and he reaches out, moving some hair from my face.

"We will never, ever, ever say goodbye. Only one thing about us is forever, and that's the fact we'll be together for it." He wipes under my eye again.

I breathe in deeply, taking in his woody scent, and touch the pad of my thumb to his mouth. He kisses it gently and places my hand on the wheel. He steps back from the car, folding his arms across his chest.

I put the car into reverse, and after a beat of staring of eyes for the last time, I pull out of the drive.

No words. No goodbyes. Only promises and hopes and dreams.

But even knowing there is a forever doesn't stop the burning cascade of tears that flood my eyes and blur my vision as I drive away from him. And it definitely doesn't stop the fear like I thought it would.

If anything, in the time it takes me to drive across town and cross the town line, my fear grows and morphs into something entirely different.

I'm no longer afraid of falling in love with him, or of being in love with him. Instead, what scares me now is the very real possibility that, with him here in Alabama and me thousands of miles away in New York... our forever may never come.

EPILOGUE - Reese

Watching her drive away from me hurts just as much as it did last year when I realized she'd gone. Seeing the tears escape she fought so hard to contain makes my own spill over the edges of my eyes.

Summer is nowhere near over, but she's gone. She's gone to the other half of her life I know f**k all about, and that pisses me off almost as much as the fact she's gonna be living with another guy. The only place I want her to be is right here next to me. The only place she should be is right here in my arms.

No one else is meant to be there. She really is my forever. I've lived without her once, and I won't do it again.

I glance at her house and walk toward my truck. The clock on the dash blinks back at me, and I realize I've been standing on her drive for ten minutes. Watching her go over and over again. Ten f**king minutes and it already feels like I'm missing half of me. Like a part of my soul has been ripped away.

My truck roars to life. I grab the gearstick, expecting another hand to be there, but there isn't. The cab feels empty without her. It feels wrong. I shake off the feelings and tear away from her house.

I promised her I'd get to New York. I promised her I'd be there soon, and I won't break it. Standing in her drive isn't gonna find me a job or a place to live - me getting off my ass and tracking down every single paper in New York will do that.

Just like last year, I'm without her. But this year I have more.

I have more because I know without a doubt; Kia James is mine.

And I will do everything in my power to keep it that way.

