CHAPTER ONE

ALEXIS

WELCOME TO LILAC BAY.

I purse my lips in aggravation. Of all the places to spend the summer, my parents have chosen here. My mother, the socialite, has chosen to spend her summer a million miles away from the designer boutiques on Oxford Street she covets. My father, the estate agent to the rich and famous, has chosen to spend his summer in a place where the houses barely hit the hundred thousand pound mark.

Me, I've chosen to spend my summer at home.

But at seventeen, I'm a minor. So my choices don't count.

I turn the volume on my iPod down and pull an ear bud out as my mum waves for my attention.

"We'll be there in ten minutes, Lexy. At least try and smile for Grammy. She's really looking forward to seeing you." Mum tries for a smile at my unrelenting angry face.

"I'll smile for Grammy. Not for you." I reply and replace my ear bud, turning the volume up and looking back out of the window.

The pavements are filled with the locals. Impatient toddlers cling to trouser legs as their parents stop to say hi to everyone. Teens gather on the corners, smoking and listening to music. Old people trudge down the streets, taking assistance from anyone who offers it, which, in this town, is easy to come by.

There aren't any tourists. That's obvious. Lilac Bay is too out of the way to even get those during the summer. I haven't been here for five years but I still know every street, every turn, every corner. I know the way to the beach like the back of my hand, and I have a feeling that'll be a good thing this year.

If I can't be in the city with my friends, the beach isn't a bad alternative. But why can't it be like, Spain or something?

I love my Grammy, I really do, and I'm definitely looking forward to seeing her, but I just don't want to be here. Did I mention that? Of course I did. It's all my parents have heard from me for the last month. I begged them to let me stay with Jayna, my best friend, but they said no, of course.

So I'm destined to two months of torture. No bars, no clubs, no friends.

It's gonna be the worst summer on record. Ever.

Under the salty smell of the sea, the distinct, unmistakeable scent of cow poo drifts to my nose. Of course, how could I forget that beautiful smell? Oh, good old Devon. It's always full of it. I wrinkle my face up and press the button to shut my window.

Dad pulls the car up outside the small, two-storey cottage I know so well. Pink rose bushes still climb around the door in a random pattern, the white window panes are immaculate, and the white paint on the exterior is slightly cracked and weathered. Too many flowers crowd the beds lining the cobbled path up to the little wooden door.

The door opens revealing the salt-and-pepper-haired, wrinkled woman I know and love as my Grammy. One side of my mouth curls up as I see her and I rip the headphones from my ears. I push the door open - not too enthusiastically since I don't want my parents knowing I'm even a little excited - and skip down the pathway to her.

"Lexy girl!" Grammy cries, wrapping her arms round me.

"Hey, Grammy." I hug her back and take in her distinctive scent of roses, fresh blossoms and a hint of freshly baked bread. "How are you?"

"Still alive, dear, still alive." She chuckles and moves to hug the parents.

I shake my head - I've forgotten her dark sense of humour. Of course, at 68 years old she would be glad she was still alive.

"Mum, it's been too long," Mum says and embraces Grammy.

"I know, love. I've missed you," she replies.

Grammy moves to Dad and greets him the same way. I look around as the sea breeze ruffles through my long, dark hair.

Grammy must have every type of flower possible in her front garden. Roses, hyacinth, tulip, growing sunflowers, pansies, and everything else you can think of. I'd bet my favourite Gucci purse she'd spent half her pension on her garden already this summer.

"Lexy?" Mum's voice pulls me back from my musings and I look up. "Grab your bags from the car, sweetie. Grammy wants to show you your new room."

"My new room?" I turn to Grammy.

"Of course, dear," she chuckles and clucks her false teeth. "I highly doubt you're much into Westlife these days, so I had your room redecorated for you."

I smile as I remember my unhealthy love of my favourite boy band. If I'm honest, I still love them, but I'd never admit it. Not to anyone but Grammy, anyway. I grab my suitcase and duffel bag from the boot of the car and follow her into the cottage. I heave the fit-to-burst suitcase up the old, wooden stairs after her and into my room.

"Here we are, Lexy girl." Grammy pushes the door open and I gasp.

The once Westlife plastered, pink room is now a powder blue and white. Thin, gauzy curtains flutter at the open window, and a shell design quilt lies on the bed. The walls are decorated with driftwood frames filled with local beach shots and shells hanging on string. White wooden furniture accompanies the new design, and I turn to my Grammy with adoration in my eyes.

"I love it. Thank you, Grammy." I hug her and she grips me back.

I can feel her spine under my hands. She's lost weight since I've seen her.

She pulls back and smiles at me widely. "Don't worry, dear." She winks. "Your albums are in a box under the bed."

I crinkle my eyes and grin. "You're the best."

"That's what they all say," she sighs. "I'm going to check on your parents, you'll be okay here?"

I look around my room again. "I'll be more than okay."

"Good." She turns and shuffles off, stopping at the top of the stairs. "Do you know when your brother will be here?"

"He said he'd try to get here on Monday," I call over my shoulder and enter my room properly.

Grammy's cottage is high up, and from my window I have an amazing view of the Bay. I've spent too many summers to count at Lilac Bay, sitting on the beach collecting shells, rock pooling, and building endless sandcastles. I smile wistfully at my childhood memories and pull the curtains aside for a clearer look.

The grass from the dunes sways in the wind, and the golden sand stretches out for a mile. One end of the bay is covered with rocks, perfect for rock pooling and climbing. Pebbles are scattered on the sand around them, and the outgoing tide reaches for them desperately, only to be pulled away empty handed.

Movement catches my eye from below on Grammy's garden. I move my eyes from the Bay and towards her herb patch.

A boy - can I call him a boy? - is working there, digging, planting and watering. I watch with slight interest as his muscles ripple below his shirt which clings tight to him due to the hot weather. He pauses and runs a muddy hand through his dark brown, messy hair, making it stick up in all directions. I instinctively move my hand to smooth my own when he looks up, straight at me.

I get a good look at his face. Under the mass of brown hair stormy, blue grey eyes hide. His features are clearly defined, his skin tanned from the current heat wave rolling through the country. Even the dirt streaked across his face doesn't mar his obvious good looks. He raises a hand up to me in greeting and smiles. Even from my window, his dimples do not escape my notice.

Oh, dimples.

Why is it always those that get me?

I smile tightly and step away from the window, replacing the curtain.

I'm not here to make friends.

ALEC

The sun beats down on me when I get the feeling I'm being watched. I look around but I'm alone in Vi's garden. I go back to digging but the feeling doesn't leave, It's crawling over me and demanding my attention.

Impulsively, I look up. A face is peeking out from behind the curtains upstairs.

The first thing I notice is her cappuccino-coloured brown eyes.

I'm drawn to them like a fish is to water. The soft, milk chocolatey colour holds my attention completely and I barely take in the rest of her, only just acknowledging the dark brown, wavy hair and plump pink lips that scream kiss me. I raise a hand to her in greeting and her eyes narrow slightly but she waves back. The curtain snaps closed and she disappears behind it.

She must be Vi's granddaughter down for the summer. What was her name? I tap my fingers against the trowel. Ally.. Alexa.. No, Alexis.

It suits her. There's a fire in her eyes and even though I shouldn't, I want to know more about her.

She's on my mind for the rest of the afternoon and I nearly cut myself with the trowel more times than I care to count. It's a relief when I hear Vi yell my name.

I'm covered in mud, my jeans are ripped and I'm about to meet her family.. Including the beautiful Alexis.

"Who's Alec?" I hear her ask.

"I am," I say, appearing at the glass door. Her head whips round and she studies me. Those brown eyes trawl over me and I bite my tongue to keep from making a flirtatious comment in front of her parents.

I take a minute to look her over. She's even hotter up close with her lips pursed. Even though she's sat down I can see the lines of her body, perky br**sts, a smooth waist and hips that would fit perfectly in my hands while I...

"I'm just going to get cleaned up, Vi," I say, turning my attention from the girl who can turn me on with just a look. "Don't worry about waiting for me."

"Okay, dear." Grammy replies and pats my arm with a wrinkled hand. I stroll from the room, calmer than I feel right now.

It's gonna be a long f**kin' summer.

~

ALEXIS

After unpacking my monstrous suitcase, I shower and change into a simple strap top and shorts. My wet hair is piled atop of my head in a messy twist and I have on the bare minimum of make-up.

I trudge my way down the stairs towards the smell of pasta. Tomato, basil and cheese fills the air and my stomach rumbles. Oh, how I've missed my Grammy's cooking.

"Something smells good," I compliment, resting my chin on her shoulder and gazing into the pan. I make to steal the spoon and she slaps my hand away.

"Alexis, leave it alone. You're just like your mother when she was your age."

"Mum was practically married at my age," I point out and run the tap to let the cold water through before shoving a glass under it and filling it. "I, however, am nowhere near such a thing."

"Not even a boyfriend?"

"Like I have time for a boyfriend."

"You must have a few admirers?" Grammy turns and her eyes are sparkling. Of course, she wants a girlie chat. Because that's what sixty-eight year old women do with their seventeen year old granddaughters.

"A few." I shrug non-committally and place my empty glass on the side. "I have an education to worry about, Grammy."

"Of course, you're off to university in the summer. How did you do in your a-levels?"

I wrinkle my face. "Okay, I think. We don't get the results for a few weeks, but mine are forwarded to come here."

"Well," she shuffles about getting plates from the cupboards. "I'm sure you'll be fine. You have your father's brains. Be a dear and set the table for me." She hands me the plates and I move into the adjoining dining room.

Despite how old the cottage is, Grammy has sliding French doors installed in the dining room that lead straight into the back garden. The doors are open, leaving a refreshing breeze flowing through.

I finish setting the table as the antique grandfather clock in the living room chimes five o'clock.

"Good to see you helping out, Lexy." Mum comments as she breezes in in a maxi dress. Designer, of course. Not for the first time, I wonder how growing up in a small, country beach town made my mum into London's favourite socialite.

"I always help Grammy out," I reply curtly and sit down.

"I know, I just thought you would have grown out of that by now." She smiles and I grunt.

So what if a part of me is happy to be here? I'm still destined to spend two months in a place where I know no one.

"Here we go," Grammy says, walking in with the sauce in a bowl. Dad follows behind with a large bowl of pasta. They both take a seat after setting them in the middle of the table and I notice there's an extra place set.

"Grammy?" I ask across the table. "Why are there five places set?"

"For Alec," she responds, leaning back. "Alec! Dinner's ready, dear."

"Who's Alec?" I look at both of my parents then back to her.

"I am,'' a voice says from the doorway. I turn to see the boy who was working in the garden earlier. I look him over and he's even better looking than I thought. That top really clings to him in a way that the government should make illegal, and there's a slight heat to his eyes when I meet them.

"I'll just go and get cleaned up, Vi," he says to Grammy. "Don't worry about waiting for me."

"Okay, dear." Grammy replies and pats his arm with a wrinkled hand. He strolls from the room and I tilt my head questioningly.

"Who is he?"

"My help," Grammy smiles.

"Your help?" I ask, incredulously.

"Well yes. I'm almost seventy and I can't do the things I used to. He keeps the garden sorted in the summer whenever I need him, so I expect you'll be seeing a lot of him this year." Her eyes twinkle with something akin to excitement.

"Nice try, Grammy." I laugh and grab the pasta spoon. I know exactly what the old bat is up to, and I'm not having any of it.

She smiles as the object of our discussion enters the room.

"I feed the boy if he's been working all day."

"I always tell her she doesn't need to," Alec takes the seat opposite me and smiles, showing his dimples. "She pays me enough but she insists on feeding me."

"Well I love to cook," Grammy responds, "and I have no one to do it for anymore. It gets a little lonely here by myself sometimes, so it's nice to have the company of a dashing young man a few times a week." She winks at him and I roll my eyes.

"Honestly, Grammy. You're incorrigible. What would Granddad think?" I mock scold her.

"He'd probably say 'good on ya for gettin' yourself a younger lad, Vi.'" Dad laughs.

I let out a small laugh and look down.

"You're right there, Si." Grammy pats Dad's hand. "Oh, Alec. Excuse my manners, I haven't introduced you to my family."

"It's okay, Vi. You've been looking forward to this for weeks. I'm happy to sit back and let you have your fun." Alec winks at her and she beams.

"Well anyway, this is my daughter, Emily, her husband Si, and my granddaughter Alexis. But she likes to be called Lexy," she adds in a conspiratorial whisper.

"It's a pleasure to meet you all," Alec says with his eyes fixed on mine.

Did I mention his eyes before? That lovely blue grey colour the sea goes before a storm hits. The kind of colour you could look in anticipation at forever...

"And you," I say politely, a sweet smile on my face. I draw my eyes from his and focus on my pasta.

"So, Alec," Mum begins, "I hope my mother isn't working you too hard. She used to have all of us out there each summer tending to her plants.''

"Oh no ma'am, I don't mind. There's nothing wrong with a bit of hard work..."

I tune out of the conversation and admire Grammy's back garden as I eat. I can see strawberries ready to ripen, blueberries nearly ready for picking, and a lavender plant blooming. The little pond at the end is home to several types of fish, and the wire mesh over the top keeps the cats out.

"Lexy," Dad says disapprovingly.

"I'm sorry." I turn my head back to the conversation.

"Your mother was trying to speak to you."

"Sorry, Mum. What were you saying?" I ask her.

She teases some of her dark hair behind her ear. "I was just wondering why you can't bring a nice boy like Alec home. That last one was dreadful."

I choke on my pasta and Grammy pats my back. I smile gratefully and notice her eyes are twinkling mischievously again. Damn woman!

"Okay, first, we've had this conversation a million times and you know I want my education before I worry about guys, unless the right one comes along. Second, the 'last one', Harry, wasn't my boyfriend. He's g*y." I raise my eyebrows. "And third, you've known Alec ten minutes. No offence, I'm sure he's a lovely guy," yeah I bet, "but you don't know him, so can we please stop talking about my relationship status."

Alec laughs. "No offence taken."

Mum shakes her head. "I can't take you anywhere, Lexy."

I motion to Alec. "He already said he didn't take offence to my words."

"I actually respect that," Alec put in, "I don't mean to butt in, but I think it's great you're more worried about your education than having a boyfriend."

"Thank you." I smile at him across the table.

"Oh, dear, that reminds me." Grammy taps the table. "I ran into.. What's her name? The girl you used to play with."

My brow furrows as I think. "Do you mean Jen?"

"Yes!" Grammy claps her hands. "Well I ran into her yesterday at the post office and told her about you coming here for the summer and she said you should give her a call. She gave me her number and I put it somewhere.." Grammy gets up and wanders over to her bag on the counter. She rifles through it.

"You put it on the fridge so you wouldn't lose it, Vi," Alec tells her.

Grammy looks at the fridge and pulls it off. "Here it is. So I did, thank you, Alec."

"Any time," he says sincerely and stands. "Thank you for another lovely meal, Vi, but I better be going before mum wonders where I am." He looks at all of us. "It was lovely to meet you all."

"And you, love," Mum says with a smile. Dad stands and they shake hands. I wave half-heartedly, my attention on the bit of paper Grammy hands me.

"I'm gonna go call her now, okay?" I stand and disappear from the room.

Alec is just leaving as I reach the bottom of the stairs.

"Bye, Lexy." He smiles and shuts the door.

"Yeah, bye," I say after him and bounce up the stairs into my room.

I snatch my phone from my pillow and dial her number.

She picks up after three rings.

"Hello?"

"Hey, is this Jen?"

"Yeah, who's this? Oh, oh! Lexy, is that you?" she exclaims.

"The one and only!" I laugh.

"Oh it's so good to hear your voice. What's it been?"

"Five years," I say, almost regretfully.

"Wow, that's ages. How have you been?"

We get the pleasantries out the way and I find myself laughing and smiling as if we'd never lost contact.

"Anyway, what are you doing tomorrow?" Jen asks.

"Nothing, why?"

"I'm heading down to the bay with my boyfriend, Carl. Fancy coming with us? He'll be surfing and it's sooo boring on my own."

"Yeah, sure. What time?"

We make plans and I hang up. I lie back on my bed and sigh.

Maybe it won't be so bad to spend the summer here after all.

CHAPTER TWO

ALEXIS

I roll over in bed, stretching before I rub the sleep from my eyes. I reach under my pillow for my phone.

"Oh crap!" I exclaim and jump out of bed. My phone reads 10.10 and I'm supposed to meet Jen at 10.30 at the Bay.

I scramble through my half unpacked suitcase in search of a bikini, sun dress and sandals. I find some sunglasses and grip the arm of them between my teeth before triumphantly finding the objects of my search.

I change quickly and apply some mascara to my long lashes, rubbing some concealer under my eyes to hide the fact I've just got up. I release my hair from its messy bun, letting the crazy curls cascade down my back. I groan at the mess and run a brush through it, untangling it all. A little mousse smooths it out and I nod, satisfied at my appearance.

I slide my bag onto my arm, grab my phone and make a break for it downstairs. Grammy is pottering around in the kitchen doing whatever it is she does when I get downstairs.

"Good morning, Lexy girl." She turns to me with a smile and looks me over. "Off out?"

"Yeah, I'm meeting Jen in about five minutes on the Bay." I walk over to her and kiss her cheek.

"Will you be back for dinner?"

"I'm not sure. I'll text mum and let her know, okay?" I open the front door.

"Okay, love. Have fun!"

"Bye, Grammy!"

I walk outside and shut the door behind me. The sun glares at me and I push my glasses down onto my eyes. I can feel the heat on my arms as I walk down the street, and I smile to myself knowing I'll have the beginning of a tan by the end of the day.

The bay comes into view a few minutes later and the beach is deserted except for a few surfers in the sea and one lone figure sitting on the sand. The blonde hair lets me know it's Jen, and I feel excitement rising up at the prospect of seeing my childhood summer friend again.

Every summer since I was five, I'd play with Jen whenever we were here. The friendship started that year we were both five, and she stole my crab from my net when I was rock pooling. She gave me her fish in return, and we've been friends since.

"Lexy!" she cries and gets up when she sees me approaching.

She looks the same as she always has. Bouncy blonde hair - which now contains a pink shadow under her fringe - and big, blue eyes. She smiles and we hug excitedly.

"You look good!" she says as I set my towel down on the sand.

"So do you." I smile at her and sit down. "I can't believe how long it's been."

"I know, seems like yesterday we were climbing over the rocks," Jen muses. I laugh and shake my hair out, looking out at the sea.

"Tell me about it," I agree. "So, which one of the surfer kids is yours?"

Jen stretches her arm out and points to the guy furthest to the right. "That's Carl, he's got the red board. And next to him on the blue board is his best mate, Alec. Oh my god, Lexy, seriously, that guy is hot. He works for your grandma, have you met him yet?"

She's looking out to sea so doesn't realise I've frozen. Alec's here?

"Yeah, yeah, we met last night. At dinner," I manage to say.

Jen glances at me and smiles knowingly. "He's hot, hmm?"

"He's not bad." I shrug one shoulder.

"Not bad?" She raises her eyebrows. "What's up with your eyesight? I think you need to go to Specsavers, hun. Oh oh! I know! Boyfriend back in London?"

"No." I laugh slightly. "No boyfriend. I'm just not looking for that right now."

"If I didn't have Carl, I'd be all over Alec." Jen pulls her dress off revealing her bikini. I follow suit.

"Does Carl know that?" I ask playfully.

"Oh, yeah." She giggles. "I mean, c'mon, Carl has a good body but Alec looks like he should be in a magazine or something. Problem is, he knows he's hot, and he's a terrible flirt."

I think back to the night before. Yeah, he was polite, charming even. But the sneaky glances he gave me, the winks thrown in and those dimples when he smiled at me..

I feel a blush creeping up my cheeks. Oh, yeah.

Alec is most definitely the kind of guy I need to stay away from.

Him, and his dimples.

~

The sun beats down on us as we catch up. Jen tells me about being accepted to a London University, and we squeal when it turns out it's the same one I'm headed to. We're still laughing about it when Alec and her boyfriend, Carl approach us.

"Girls," Carl sighs. "So giggly. We could hear you squealing halfway down the beach."

Jen reaches over and swats his chest with her bare hand. "You're such an ass sometimes, Carl. This is Lexy, my childhood summer friend. Remember I told you she was here for the summer this year?"

"Of course I remember, Jen. I remember everything you tell me," he says innocently.

"Yeah, right. And I'm the Queen," Jen scoffs playfully in return.

Carl looks at me and shakes his head like it's such a hardship, but I can see his fondness for her in his eyes.

Jen wasn't lying when she said he had a good body. I can see the muscles, clearly defined against his lightly tanned skin. His dark hair and dark eyes are a perfect contrast against Jen's lighter colouring.

"Nice to meet you, Lexy. I've heard all your stories." He waggles his eyebrows and I laugh.

"I can well believe it, but has she told you about the time she got stuck rock climbing?" I motion to the rocks behind us. "We were twelve and she got stuck.."

"He really doesn't need to know that!" Jen shrieks and launches herself at me. I jump up and skirt around our little group.

"Carry on," Carl encourages me.

"Anyway, she was wearing this little string bikini thing, and the guy she happened to fancy was climbing with us."

"I think I know where this is going." Carl smirks.

"Lexy, Lexy don't you dare!" Jen warns as I carry on dancing around her.

"Her top got caught between the rocks as she tried to get down, the stringy bit, and bang. It came undone and her top fell down. She flashed to the whole beach."

Carl howls with laughter and Alec smirks at us as Jen slaps her hand over my mouth.

"Don't say another word!" she hisses at me. "Promise?"

I nod my head, my eyes wide and innocent. She releases me and we sit back down.

Carl eyes me. "There's more?"

I nod again. "Yep, but I promised not to tell you that the guy she fancied thought she was fourteen so she had chicken fillets down her bikini top."

Jen's face flames a bright red and I grin. She buries her face in her hands and Carl hugs her, swaying her side to side dramatically.

"Oh, baby. Poor baby," he teases. Jen shoves him and glares at me but I can see the small curve of her lips. I grin again and watch the banter play out between the two.

It's clear they love each other - they're playful but gentle. It's a beautiful thing to watch.

"Not saying hi then, Lexy?" Alec flicks my shoulder.

"Hi, Alec." I turn back and smile at him.

"Hi, Lexy." He winks at me and I roll my eyes. "What was the eye roll for?"

I raise my eyebrows at him. "Jen's already told me about your.. Reputation, so that flirty, dimply smile flirty thing you got going on isn't gonna work on me."

"Who said I was flirting?" He asks innocently, but the gleam in his eye tells me he knows I've called him out.

And he likes it.

"Your eyes say it," I reply, "it's glaringly obvious."

He leans back on his elbows and I get a good view of his body.

I try not to look, but when faced with such beauty it's hard not to look, right?

I can see the contour of every muscle, every little shadow where one defined bit meets the next. I sweep my eyes over him involuntarily, from the broadness of his shoulders to his pecs, to his perfectly formed six pack and then the obvious 'v' that disappears under the bottom of his wetsuit. Add to the image little droplets of water pearling against his skin...

"Like what you see?" He winks again.

"About as much as I like vomiting after too many drinks on a Saturday night," I quip.

"It's okay, Lexy, I don't mind you looking. You can touch if you want." The challenge is in his eyes and I look upwards as if anyone up there could help me.

Which is silly, because clouds can't help.

"I'm not a touchy person, but thanks for offering."

"See that's a shame," he says in a lower, more sensual voice. "Because I am."

He runs his finger down my spine and I shiver, then curse myself.

"Like that, huh?"

"I'm ticklish?" I answer, but it comes out as more of a question.

He roams his eyes over my body shamelessly. "I bet you're ticklish in all sorts of places."

A faint blush creeps onto my cheeks and I look away.

"You're a pig," I say to him.

"Me?"

"I'm not talking to anyone else, am I? Unless, of course, you have an imaginary friend there. Although, that would make sense considering the apparent size of your ego."

Alec surprises me - he laughs. I look at him out the corner of my eye and raise an eyebrow.

Was it really that funny?

"Oh, Lexy." He sighs, wrapping a casual arm over my shoulders. "I can see we're going to be great friends."

"We will be." I shrug his arm off. "If you're lucky."

ALEC

This girl is feisty as hell and it's doing crazy things to my brain... And my body.

Not to mention the way she looks in a bikini, all that toned muscle, sexy curves and flawless skin.

Fuck. I hook my arms round my knees. I feel like a damn thirteen year old with his first hard-on over Megan Fox.

My foot taps as I try to focus on anything but her. She's Vi's granddaughter. She's off limits. Besides, I can tell she's not the kind of girl who goes for just one night. No, she wants the real thing.

It's a pain in the ass when all I wanna do is chuck her over my shoulder, take her behind the rocks and show her what she's missing out on.

~

ALEXIS

Jen calls me later that evening after I finish helping Grammy with the dishes. Apparently, there's a bonfire on the Bay tonight and Carl and Alec are dragging her along so would I please go and keep her company?

I agree, of course. Dad lectures me about under-age drinking, using protection and coming home at a reasonable time. Mum is delighted I'm not moping anymore - not much, anyway - and Grammy is excited that Alec will be there.

Meaning I will have spent practically the whole day with him.

I gently remind her that I'm not looking for a boyfriend, much less a summer romance, and grab my bag.

Dad reminds me again about under-age drinking. I remind him I'm eighteen in two weeks, therefore I'm aware about alcohol.

"Be careful, love." Mum says as a black 4x4 pulls up outside.

"Mum, we live in London. I'm sure I can handle a few hours on the beach in a sleepy, out of the way village." I roll my eyes.

Her eyes darken slightly and she touches my shoulder. "Just because you're in a sleepy village, doesn't mean it's any less dangerous than a big city."

I know there's a story behind her words, and of course I'm curious, but I know now isn't the time to talk about it. Instead I nod, smile and kiss her cheek.

I walk down the path and turn back to wave as Jen opens the back door of the car for me, and Mum is gazing after me with her hand on the cheek I just kissed. I raise a hand in goodbye and get in.

As we pull away, she waves goodbye and shuts the door.

"So, that took a while." Jen raises her eyebrows questioningly.

"Reminding me about under-age drinking," I grumble.

"You aren't eighteen yet?" Carl turns from the front seat.

"Nope. Two weeks." I sigh. "I'm an August baby."

"No alcohol for the little under-age girl then!" He fist bumps Alec.

"This 'little under-age girl' is a city girl who could probably drink your sorry ass under the table," I retort. Jen giggles next to me.

"I'm not challenging a girl to a drinking contest," Carl scoffs.

"What's the matter, scared?" I lean forward slightly.

"Not at all. But you're the newbie round here, and I wouldn't want you showing yourself up."

"Alec?" Jen asks. "Up for it?"

"Na, same as Carl. Gotta give her a chance to get used to this little village," he replies.

"Fine." She sits back and we share a glance.

"Plus she's under-age, and I don't wanna get in trouble if she ruins her Jimmy Choos or something."

"Two weeks!" I slap a hand against the back seat as he pulls up near the Bay. I can see smoke rising into the air and by the noise that drifts through the open car door as Carl climbs out, the party has already started.

"I'll make you a deal," Alec says as he opens the door for me and helps me out. "When you turn eighteen, we'll have this drinking competition. Because then you're an adult and responsible for your own actions."

I look up into his stormy eyes and he quirks a brow. My breath hitches and I nod.

"You have yourself a deal." I reply, stepping away from him as he smiles, showing his dimple.

My heart flutters slightly and I follow Jen down to the beach, wondering what on Earth I'm doing being so attracted to such a cocky guy.

~

Alec slings his arm over my shoulders for the second time that day.

"What are you doing?" I look up at him and realise it was a mistake. He's looking down at me and the light from the fire is dancing over his facial features.

Making him even more attractive.

I hold his gaze and nudge him when he doesn't answer.

"Sorry." He shakes his head slightly and smiles at me. "You see that girl, over there?"

"'Over there' isn't exactly informative."

"Two o'clock, beach-blonde hair. More fake tan than the crew from TOWIE."

"You watch The Only Way Is Essex?" I look at him in shock.

"Let's not go there tonight. Do you see her?"

"Hair bigger than her brains? Eyes that are looking at me like she wants to cut me in half?" I question, looking at the girl.

"Er, yeah, her."

"Then I see her. What about her?"

"She's been after me for a while, and I'm fed up."

"An ex?"

"No, an unwelcome admirer."

I nod slowly and glance up at him. "So you thought you'd use me so she'd leave you alone?"

"Mmm," he replies, looking around.

"It didn't work." I smirk as I see her approaching us.

"What?!" he asks, panicked. He groans when he sees her. "Fuck it."

"Language, Timothy," I tut, shaking my head.

"Shush," he whispers and pulls me in closer to him.

"What are you doing?" I hiss.

"Making her leave me alone," he whispers into my ear.

I'm horrified to find my heart is beating a little faster than it was a few minutes ago.

This attraction is going beyond a joke, and I've only known the guy a day.

ALEC

She has this silky smooth hair that slides over my face when I press the side of my face against hers. I think it smells like strawberries. Strange, I imagined her as a mango type girl. Exotic, hard to get.

One of her hands is sitting on my waist, steadying her, and I can feel every inch of skin where she's touching it. It's like I'm hyper-sensitive to her touch, attuned to her body. She's breathing onto my neck and I can't help but run the tip of my nose along the length of her ear, my lips grazing it gently after.

She freezes and using all the damn willpower I have, I glance up to find Bianca has turned her back to us and is flirting shamelessly with some guy. Right. Like I'd be jealous of that.

"She's gone. Thanks." I smile at her and she steps back like she can't bear to be near me.

"You're welcome. I guess." She brings her cup to her lips and her brown eyes comb the beach, looking for Jen presumably.

"Behind the trees, snogging Carl's face off, most likely." I answer her unspoken question and lean against the rock.

"How did you know I was looking for Jen?" Her eyes narrow at me.

"It's clear you don't want to be alone with me, and she's the only person you know here besides me."

"What makes you think I don't wanna be alone with you?" She juts out a hip, putting a hand on it and shit. She is hot when she knocks out the attitude. It's a damn good job this beach is jam-packed with people.

"I'm not stupid, Princess." I smile at how ridiculous that thought is. "I won't hurt you."

"It's not you hurting me I'm worried about," she mumbles.

"What was that?" I lean in closer, trying to get her to repeat it.

"Nothing." She smiles brightly.

I give her a 'yeah, right' look and take a quick drink, watching her as she swings her hair over her shoulder and runs her fingers through the ends.

The fire is casting an orangey glow over her and in the low light she reminds me of an angel. A fallen one, but an angel nonetheless. She glances up and meets my eyes for a second and a faint blush rises on her cheeks. She's cute when she blushes. Actually cute.

I could stare at her all day. Not in a stalker way, in an amazed kind of way.

''Stop looking at me,'' she orders, her eyes sparking with a flame.

''Never,'' I reply, smirking. She huffs out a little growling sound and turns away from me.

That's fine. I'll just stare at her ass instead of her face.

CHAPTER THREE

ALEXIS

"Oh, fiddlesticks," Grammy mutters. "Now where have I put my gardening gloves?"

I look up from my laptop and frown. "You put them on the side a few minutes ago, Grammy."

She spins around, sees them and laughs. "Of course I did. I'm such a wally. Put them somewhere so safe I couldn't find them."

I quirk an amused brow and log in to Facebook.

"I don't know if a kitchen counter is classified as safe, Gram."

"Oh, you know what I mean!" She flaps her hands. "It's always the obvious places you forget to look." She shakes her head at herself as she goes into the garden.

I smile at her little eccentrics and turn my attention back to the laptop. Three friend requests and seven notifications.

I scroll through the notifications, clicking on the one that says 'Jayna Marshall has posted on your time-line.'

'Missing you,' she wrote, 'have some MEGA gossip so call soon. Love you xoxoxo'

I smile and click on the friend request box. One from Jen, one from Carl and one from.. Alec.

I accept all three, pausing only a second on Alec's. I roll my eyes at myself and scroll through the homepage. I comment on a few posts by my friends and a chat box pops up.

Alec.

Jen wants to go shopping. Coming?

I frown and type back. In Lilac Bay? I'm not into buying buckets and spades.

Lol. In Barnstaple.

I've been there a few times. It's practically the capital of North Devon, and it's the only decent place - besides Atlantic Village near Bideford - that you can go shopping unless you wanna travel for two hours to get to Exeter, the nearest city.

Sure. What time? I type.

Pick you up in half an hour.

He signs off and I shrug. I'm already dressed for the day, so I decide to snoop a little on his Facebook.

Hey, why not?

I click on his profile and read his info. He's nineteen, about a year and a half older than me. There's a large selection of photos of him and Carl, and a few others with people I haven't met.

Scrolling down his time-line, I realise he doesn't post much. What's the point in having Facebook then?

I sigh, click off the browser and shut the computer down. I hear a horn beep from outside and look at the clock. Have I really been looking at his profile for half an hour?

I blink a few times and grab my phone. I poke my head round the sliding doors and find Grammy vigorously pulling up weeds.

"I'm going into Barnstaple with Jen and the guys. I'll see you later!" I call to her.

She waves, indicating she's heard and I collect my bag from the front room on my way out.

Alec beeps the horn on his car a few times and I roll my eyes. I figure I seem to do that a lot around Alec.

When I reach the car, he's the only one in it. I pull open the front passenger side door.

"Where's Jen and Carl?" I ask.

"At Carl's Mum's cafe. Getting them on the way. Hop in, I won't bite." He grins impishly at me and I climb in.

"Not that I wouldn't like to," he adds as he pulls away. I shake my head, saying nothing.

He really is a terrible flirt.

We pull up outside 'Cara's Cafe' and Jen and Carl both come running out.

"No way, Carl's mum owns that place?" I look at Alec.

"Yeah.. She always has. Why?" He looks at me back.

"I used to go there when I was little. She does the best ice cream."

Alec nods. "That she does."

He's still looking at me when Jen and Carl get in the back seat. I glance back at him and look down.

I wish he'd stop looking at me.

"Are we going or what?" Jen smacks the back of Alec's seat.

"Sure thing." He gives her the finger over his shoulder and pulls away. I turn my attention to the view out the window.

Devon really is a beautiful place, when you look past the almost-always-there smell of cow poo, of course. But I guess, if you live in Devon you don't really notice it. Just like I don't notice the smell of exhaust fumes in London.

It's so quiet here, and while a part of me craves the hustle and bustle of the big city, the rest of me is strangely content. It had always been a second home to me, so coming back - even with how much I protested - is almost a relief.

Fields roll by as we leave the Bay and head into the county properly. I roll the window down, just a little, and breathe in the fresh air. The others are chatting casually as I admire the peace around me.

Half an hour later we arrive in Barnstaple, and Alec parks in the shopping centre car park. We take the lift down to the shopping level.

"Okay, River Island!" Jen claps and takes Carl's hand, dragging him alongside her. I laugh quietly at her enthusiasm.

Alec wraps an arm around my neck.

"Is the big city girl starting to like small country living?" he says in my ear in a low voice.

"Maybe she is, just a little," I reply, but don't shrug him off this time. I have no reason to - I walk around this way with my guy mates in London all the time.

He smiles at me and for some reason I half smile back at him. His smile is contagious, the kind that could charm the knickers off the wicked witch of the west.

The kind of charming that's dangerous.

We enter the shop, Alec still attached to my side. I spy Jen holding up two pairs of jeans, trying to decide between them.

"Baby, they look the same." Carl runs a hand through his hair.

"No, they're not." She turns to me, seemingly unfazed by Alec's arm around me. "Lexy, they're different, aren't they?"

I nod my agreement and point to the right pair. "They're a shade darker, and the stitching is different." I spin both pairs round. "Not to mention, the right ones have back pockets and the left ones don't."

"Then you should go for the right ones." Alec puts his opinion in.

"Why? What if she likes the left pair better?" I turn around.

"Because Carl likes resting his hands in the back pockets of her jeans. All guys do." He shrugs.

I look at Jen and she shrugs too.

"Right pair it is then," she decides, handing them to Carl and putting the left ones back.

I've always thought I knew a lot about guys and relationships, despite having been single for over two years, but clearly, I'm only just starting to learn.

But then again, who buys jeans based on whether or not their boyfriend likes to put his hands in the back pockets?

Jen, apparently.

"You should buy a pair like that," Alec whispers as I finger a white skirt.

"What, so you can put your hands in them?" I laugh.

"Ah, she learns quickly!" He winks. "Although, I do like these skirts and dresses you seem to like. You have good legs."

"If you're trying not to flirt, you're doing a bad job at it."

"Oh, I'm not trying not to flirt. I'm just being myself."

"Alec?" I look at him with my eyebrows raised.

"Yes, Princess?" He grins cheekily and puts his arm over my shoulders. Again.

"Shut up."

ALEC

The thought of putting my hands in the back pockets of jeans she's wearing isn't something I should entertain in public.

Her eyes flick up at me when I call her Princess and I put my arm over her shoulders. I have an irrational need to touch her, make sure she's not a figment of my imagination. Surely, someone as sexy as her can't be real.

''Shut up.'' The ends of her hair flick over my arm and I know she's real and she smells like strawberries.

Strawberries make me think of cream, and cream makes me think... Oh hell.

Licking strawberries and cream off her lightly tanned skin as she writhes beneath me...

I run my hand over my face. I need to get laid, and fast.

~

ALEXIS

My door opens and I know who it is without looking.

"Please, Bing, come on in. Make yourself at home," I say sarcastically. I look up from my Kindle when he drops himself on my bed.

Bing - my older brother. He's 20, and he's the biggest pain in the ass in the world. His real name is Samuel, but when he got to my age he already had a name in our area for the biggest man slut. Bing being Bing decided he'd live up to his name, and his friends said he could either be called 'Bing' or 'Tap' in honour of how many girls he'd slept with.

He said 'Bing' and its stuck for the last two years. Only my parents call him Sam. Even Grammy calls him Bing, the legend that she is.

"Hi to you too. You'd think after three months you'd miss your brother." He pinches my toe and I kick him.

"No. It's been lush without you." I smile sweetly.

"Such a rat." He looks around the room. "Nice crib."

I shake my head. "Thanks, gangsta wannabe."

"What?" He fixes his gaze on me.

"Never mind." I sigh.

He looks at me like I'm weird - rich, coming from him - and shakes his head.

"How's my favourite little sister then?"

I look at him like he's the most annoying person in the world.

Which he is.

"I'm your only sister, so I'm your favourite by default, idiot. But I'm fine."

"Good." Bing draws the word out and leans back, flexing his toes.

"Get comfy, Bing." I roll my eyes.

"Yeah, I will, thanks." He grins at me. "Who's that dude in the garden?"

"Oh. That's Alec." I turn my attention back to my Kindle.

"Who's Alec?"

"Grammy's help."

"Her help?"

"Yeah, she's getting old, Bing. Can't do everything she used to."

"Since when has that ever stopped her?"

I look at him over the top of the e-reader and tilt my head slightly.

He has a point. Even when I was ten and Grammy had her hip replacement she still insisted she could do everything. She's independent, strong, just like Mum. She'd never accept help from anyone..

"Maybe she's realised she needs to start taking it easy," I guess.

"She's off to Bingo tonight. What happens when Gram goes to Bingo, Lexy? She comes back pissed as a coot." Bing laughs. "Good on her."

"I dunno then." I shrug. "I think she's trying to set me up with Alec. Maybe the 'help' thing is just a ruse for that."

Bing taps his chin and muses it over. "You can see the garden from here, right?"

"Uh.."

He gets up and moves to the window. He slides the curtain across and pokes his head out the window. He comes back and sits down a minute later.

"You could do worse, Lexy."

"Gee, thanks," I retort, turning off the Kindle. Clearly, my brother has no intentions of leaving me alone.

"Just sayin', sis. You need a boyfriend. You could do with loosening up a little." He winks and I chuck a pillow at him.

"That better not have a double meaning, Bing!"

"Would I ever?" He mock gasps and holds his hand to his chest.

I give him the 'yeah, right' look and he gives in.

"Okay, okay," he acquiesces. "I'm just sayin' you could do with a bit of fun. I know you're worried about your education but you're not going to uni for like, seven weeks. Relax a little, yeah? Who knows, you could find a keeper."

"If I can't find a decent guy in London, what makes you think I will in Devon?"

"Lexy, I only say it cause I care about you, yeah? Lighten up a little this summer. Have a little fun." He turns to the door and gives me a peace sign. I notice his trousers are hanging halfway down his ass.

"Pull your damn trousers up, you tramp!" I yell as he shuts the door.

"Suck it!" he yells back and I close my eyes.

Why is everyone on at me about lightening up?

~

I wake to the smell of bacon. My nose twitches as I sniff it, that glorious scent. I begin to climb out of bed when I'm hit by the thought that the pig providing my breakfast was most likely local.. Hmm.. My stomach rumbles and settles my internal argument.

Local pig or not, I need food, and Mr. Piggy is on the menu.

I yawn and open my door before padding down the stairs. I hear cutlery clanging and I stop dead in my tracks at the kitchen door.

Alec is cooking bacon. In my Gram's kitchen.

"Uh," is all I can manage.

He turns and appraises me head to toe. My cheeks flame as I realise my satin shorts and top don't leave much to the imagination.

At least I left my bra on last night. Thank heavens for small mercies.

"Morning," Alec says with a smirk.

"Morning," I say nonchalantly. Why am I so embarrassed? The guy has seen me in a bikini, and that's practically underwear, right?

"Why are you cooking in Gram's kitchen?" I ask him and jump up on the counter, swinging my legs.

"You've seen her on a Monday after Bingo, right?" He chuckles, a deep sound that resonates through my body. I suppress a shiver at it and chastise myself mentally.

Just because he's hot does not mean I have to melt into a puddle at his feet!

"Uh, yeah.."

"Well, she's usually hungover, and according to my Gran they both got a bit, uh, merry last night. So I called here and offered to do Vi breakfast."

"Is that a regular thing?"

"Every week." He chuckles again and plates up some bacon. "I still ring to ask every Monday though. Help yourself." He nods to a plate piled high and takes a sandwich up to Gram.

I shrug and hop down. I butter two slices of bread, add a healthy covering of ketchup and put some bacon between them. I cut it in half and lean back against the counter, taking a bite.

Sooooo good.

I moan slightly in delight and glance upwards - into Alec's smouldering, blue grey eyes.

His eyes flick downwards and he looks at my lips.

"You have a little.." He points to the side of his mouth and I flick my tongue out, licking my lips slowly.

"Did I get it?" I ask innocently, controlling my smile at the way he can't move his eyes away from my mouth.

Ignoring the crazy beating of my heart.

"No, no," he says in a low, husky voice. "It's just.." He brings his thumb up and wipes across my bottom lip softly. I swallow and his eyes meet mine.

"Got it," he whispers, bringing his thumb to his mouth. His tongue flicks out and licks the ketchup off it and heat spreads through my body, setting my blood on fire.

I can feel my heart hammering against my chest as he searches for something across my face.

Someone clears their throat from the doorway and Alec steps to the side.

Bing's eyes flick between us several times.

"Morning," he says and walks to the bacon. "Is this free?"

"Yeah, sure is," Alec says casually, as if he hadn't just been caught gazing into my eyes by my brother.

"Wicked." Bing slaps up two sandwiches in thirty seconds flat and turns round, raising his eyebrows at me. "Alright, Lex?"

"Yeah. Just, going upstairs. Gotta call Jayna." I pick up the other half of my sandwich and leave the room. I practically run upstairs and push my door closed. I lean my head back against it, sliding down until I'm sitting on the floor.

Is it natural to feel so attracted to someone after only a few days? Well, I guess so. Attraction is instant, right? Feelings come after, when you know a person. And I so don't know Alec like that yet.

So it's attraction. Pure and simple.

Yeah.

Attraction.

That's all.

ALEC

Lexy's lips are soft, smooth, and just right for kissing.

I could tell that when I ran my thumb across her bottom lip, with her breathing slightly heavy. A thousand things ran through my mind.. Like how I couldn't bring myself to sleep with anyone else knowing she was in town.

This has to stop. Soon.

Her face springs to mind. Flushed cheeks. Sparkling brown eyes. Lips slightly parted.

If I can do that with one touch of my thumb... I gotta know what I can do with my whole body.

I watch her as she leaves, walking with the just the right amount of wiggle in her hips. My eyes are drawn to them when Bing clears his throat.

''You do realise you just mentally undressed my sister right in front of me, don't you?'' His voice holds a bit of annoyance.

''Yep.'' I figure honesty is best here.

''At least you can admit it.'' He leans back against the counter and a small smile plays on his lips. ''I'm not blind, you're as attracted as f**k to each other, but she isn't your type.''

''How would you know what my type is?'' I ask in a biting tone.

His eyebrows shoot up. ''You're a player. You sleep around, leave girls wanting more then break their hearts. How do I know? I do the same. I'm not proud of it but I ain't gonna settle down, not any time soon. Problem is, mate, is that the next thing on your to-do is my little sister. She doesn't do that shit, you get me? She's got her head screwed on right. She won't fall for your tricks, she's too smart.''

''I never said she wasn't.''

''No, but you hoped she was.''

''Nah.'' I look back into the hallway, where she's just disappeared through. ''I know she isn't like that. You don't have to be a genius to see she's a relationship or not at all kinda girl.''

Bing steps forward until he's right in front of me. He's got a couple of inches on me height wise, but I meet his eyes anyway.

''Then unless you plan on being in a serious relationship with her,'' he warns in a tone of steel, ''you keep your hands, eyes and dick away from her. Hurt her, play her, break her heart, and I'll break your legs. Understood?''

''Understood,'' I say in a clipped tone.

''Sweet.'' He steps back and grabs his toast. ''We'll go for a beer soon. Catch you later.''

He walks away, leaving me wondering what the f**k just happened.

~

ALEXIS

"Hello?" Jayna answers in her upbeat tone.

"It's me," I say, my smile showing through my voice.

"Oh, hey!" She tries to sound excited but I know she's hiding something.

"You okay, Jay?" I question.

"Yeah, why wouldn't I be?"

"No reason. You just sound a little hurried."

"I'm getting ready, we're all heading out to Red tonight."

That would explain the noises in the background.

Red is a club we frequent each weekend, and Monday nights in the holidays because of the pound1 drinks. I have a fake ID, so it's not really a problem for me that all my friends are eighteen.

"Oh, cool."

"Wish you were here, though. It ain't the same getting ready without my girl," she says in a softer tone.

I smile slightly. "Yeah, I'm stuck here for another seven weeks."

"It totally sucks you're there for your eighteenth! I mean, what are you gonna do for it? Milk some cows? It's not like farm county is the most happening place."

A small bubble of annoyance rises in my chest and I bite my tongue.

"It's not that bad here," I say tightly, thinking of Jen, Carl, and yes, okay, Alec.

"You alright, Lex? You sound a bit.. Funny." She says suspiciously.

"Stubbed my toe," I lie. "Hurts like a bitch."

"Oh, gutted," she says, accepting my answer. "Is, er, is your brother there yet, or is he here for tonight?"

I suppress an eye roll at her crush on Bing. Even if he wasn't my brother, I still wouldn't touch him with a ten foot barge pole. He's good looking, I can appreciate that, but he has more notches on his bedpost than Hugh Hefner.

"He arrived this morning," I say.

"Oh," her mood slips a little. She's so readable. Like Bing even cares about her crush on him. He's known for years and all but ignores her.

That, I respect him for. But that's about all.

"How long is he there for?" she asks, almost hopefully.

"He said he was seeing the summer out down here. He'll head down to Exeter and Plymouth a couple times to see mates and probably spend most of his weekends in Barnstaple."

"I didn't know you guys had friends down there."

"Yeah, we made some when we were little."

"Oh, right. Well, I gotta go finish getting ready. I'll talk to you soon." She clicks off the line and I take a deep breath, looking at my phone.

I've only been in Devon almost a week, and she's already drifting off.

Stuff her.

CHAPTER FOUR

ALEXIS

Birds are singing. The sun is shining. I have a spring in my step.

Trashy novel lines aside, something about Devon is magical. When I opened my curtains earlier this morning, birds really were singing and the sun really was shining. In fact, the birds are still at it, and the sun just keeps higher, the temperature hotter. Because of this, I'm just not quite Tigger today.

I fall backwards and look at Grammy incredulously.

''How can you carry on? It's too hot,'' I moan, wiping my forehead with my hand.

''It's about six degrees hotter in London, Lexy girl,'' she replies, yanking a weed out and setting it aside.

''Yes, but at home I'm not likely to be weeding a garden,'' I point out.

''Oh, away with ya, girl.'' She shakes her head fondly. ''Go and text Jen and go down the Bay. If you see Alec, tell him not to worry about coming tonight. You kids have fun.''

''You know, Grammy,'' I say as I climb up. ''If I didn't know any better, I'd think you're trying to set me up with him.''

''Is it working?'' Grammy turns to me, that twinkle in her eyes again.

''No, it's not.'' I look at her pointedly and go back inside.

''Then you know better!'' She laughs after me.

I shake my head and grab my phone from the kitchen side. I pull up my messages and text Jen.

Beach?

She replies almost instantly with a resounding yes and we agree to meet in ten minutes. I thank my lucky stars I thought to pack a bag earlier, and I pick it up from its place by the front door.

I step back into the muggy summer heat and slide my sunglasses on.

I pass rows of brightly coloured houses, pink, blue, yellow, green. Somehow, they don't look out of place in the small, tucked away village. Flower boxes adorn the windows with every colour of the rainbow. I find myself smiling and I don't know why. A week ago I hated the idea of coming here, but now.. I'm kinda enjoying it.

My revelation surprises me, and as I approach the Bay, there's another surprise waiting for me.

A surprise in the form of Alec.

I'm undecided whether he falls into the bad or good category.

''Are you stalking me?'' I peer at him over the top of my glasses.

He leans against his surfboard and flicks his hair out of his eyes, grinning.

''Would you like it if I was?''

''I'd be pretty scared if you were, to be honest.'' I sweep past him and find our spot by the rocks. I lay out my towel, readjust the waistband of my shorts and pull off my top.

When I sit down, I feel Alec's eyes on me. Bravely, I look at him. His eyes are slightly hooded as they sweep me from my head to my toe. A shiver runs through me at the look in his eyes.

God damn, this guy is dangerous.

''Please stop looking at me like you wanna eat me,'' I say in a bored tone.

''Just admiring the view.'' He winks.

I roll my eyes and point to his surfboard. ''You do realise you might have a tough time with the surfing today, right?''

''Na, we won't.'' He looks out to sea and points to the cliff. ''There's a bit of the cliff that juts out. When the spray hits that full force, you're good to go with your board.''

''But there's no wind?''

He sighs like I know nothing and props his board up before coming and sitting next to me. His wetsuit is undone to the waist and yes, I admire him yet again.

If he can look, so can I.

''It doesn't necessarily need to be windy here,'' he explains. ''Because the beach is so small and surrounded by cliffs, the waves naturally come in stronger. Croyde is the best place. It's a bigger Bay, so bigger waves. It's probably the best place in North Devon to surf, but here comes in a close second.''

I nod like I understand. I do a little - sorta, kinda.

Okay, maybe I don't, but since I don't plan on doing any surfing any time soon it's a moot point.

I check the time on my phone and I'm not surprised when it's past the ten minutes me and Jen agreed on.

''Jen's never on time,'' Alec comments. ''You'll figure out it's best to tell her to meet you half an hour earlier than you actually wanna meet her, otherwise you'll be hanging around for ages.''

''How do you do that?'' I ask.

''Do what?'' He turns his face towards mine and somewhere in the back of my mind I'm aware of how close our faces are to touching.

''Know what I'm thinking. All the time,'' I muse.

''I pay attention to you, Princess.'' He smiles.

Dimples. Dimples.

Look away, Lexy!

''Why do you call me 'Princess'?'' I narrow my eyes at him.

He laughs silently.

''Well, your hair reminds me of Rapunzel's..''

''Rapunzel was blonde, and I'm pretty sure no one will be climbing my hair any time soon.'' I half smile at him, amused.

''Let me finish!'' He taps my knee with one hand, and twists a lock of my hair around a finger of his other hand. ''Your hair is silky like Rapunzel's, your lips are as kissable as Sleeping Beauty's, your skin as flawless as Snow White's, and like Cinderella, it doesn't matter if you're wearing crap clothes or a ball gown, because you're still beautiful.''

Something passes between us as he looks into my eyes. Something marginally stronger than a simple attraction. Something that could seriously test my resolve around him.

I look away, breaking the moment and shake my head.

''You're good, I'll give you that.'' I laugh. ''How many girls has that worked on?''

''You tell me,'' he says seriously. ''It's the first time I've ever said it.''

''I'm not stupid, Alec. I see the way girls round here look at you - like you're God's gift to women - and I see the way you lap up the attention. Actually, it's quite sickening,'' I tell him, on a roll. ''Thankfully, I'm not one of those girls that will bat my eyelashes, stick my chest out and smile suggestively at you, so I'm definitely not the kinda girl that will believe that line. Nice try, though.''

I hear clapping and look up. Jen is clapping her hands together, grinning manically. Carl is looking to the sky for help, a sign that Jen has let her crazy out to play.

''You two could be on a soap opera, no, no, serious.'' She taps her chin. ''But seriously, Lexy, thank you so much for saying that. I've totally wanted to let rip at him for his cheesy lines but Carl's all 'Jen, baby, leave it alone.' '' She imitates his voice to perfection and I cover my mouth with my hand to muffle my laugh.

''Jen..'' Carl warns.

''See?'' She throws her hands in the air and drops onto the sand next to me. ''He's at it again.'' She looks at Alec and waggles her finger at him. ''You leave her alone, you man slag. I won't have you messing with her, you hear me? Go and find Bianca if you want some fun.''

''Jen,'' both guys say simultaneously, Carl with a frown and Alec with a sigh.

''You know I'm about as interested in Bianca as I am in learning about what hair products you use daily. You know me better than that.'' Alec gives her a look I can't discern, and her face softens slightly. She nods at him.

''Go and surf, you two,'' she orders. Carl looks at me helplessly and I smile. Both the guys grab their boards and head out to the now surf-able water.

''For the record, Princess,'' Alec says, walking backwards. ''I couldn't be any happier that you're not one of those girls.''

I watch him as he turns around and jogs down the beach. I can't work him out. He's an enigma, unlike anyone I've met before. I barely know him, and despite my resolve, a part of me wants to know him.

That part of me wants to pull away his outer shell and see inside his heart, see who he really is, not the show he puts on for everyone else.

I think all this fresh air is getting to my head.

''Looks like it's mutual,'' Jen says thoughtfully, absently watching the guys surfing.

''What?'' I look at her. The sun is glinting off her light blonde hair making me squint.

''Oh, nothing.'' She looks at me and smiles slightly. ''Just thinking out loud.''

''About?''

''The way Alec looks at you like you're a giant gummy bear and he wants to eat you up, and the way you look at him like you want to lick chocolate sauce off his abs.''

''That's ridiculous!'' I scoff.

''Is it?'' She raises an eyebrow at me. '''Cause the tension coming from you two is somethin' else. It's like, holy shit, you've known each other a week and he already wants to jump your bones, rattle your cage, get in..''

''Okay, you can stop there.'' I laugh and lie back on the sand. ''I'm not gonna deny the guy is hot-''

''Smokin' hot,'' Jen interjects, lying next to me.

''Smokin' hot,'' I correct myself. ''But I'm not gonna fall at his feet because Mr. Flirty-Pants wants me to. I don't do summer romances. In fact, I don't do romance at all. I haven't been in a relationship for two years, and I'm happy for it to stay that way, thank you. Especially where he is concerned.''

''So you are in denial.''

I prop myself up on my elbow and nudge her. ''I am not.''

''You so are.'' She smiles. ''You want to save a horse and ride the cowboy, I get it, I get it.''

''Oh my god!'' I half laugh, half shriek. ''Where do you think up this stuff?''

She grins and puts her hands behind her head. ''It's all part of my crazy, baby.''

I'm beginning to wonder if there's anything about this town that isn't crazy.

ALEC

I jog after Carl, leaving Lexy staring at me.

''God knows what you're playing at, mate.'' My best friend shakes his head. ''But if you're playing her, you know Jen will kick your ass to some remote place of Russia, right?''

''Why would I be playing her?'' I look at him as we wade into the sea.

''Because that's what you do, Alec. You take girl's hearts and you f**k with them.''

''Maybe she's different.''

''Maybe ain't good enough for Jen.'' Carl shakes his head and puts the board on the water.

''Fine.'' I follow his movements and we get ready to catch the first wave. ''There isn't a maybe. She is different.'' I look behind me and move on the board. ''I want her so bad it hurts, Carl, but I'm not just gonna f**k her then leave her. She deserves more than that. She's worth a thousand of the girls round here.''

''She ain't gonna fall for your shit.''

''You're the second person to say that to me in as many days.''

''Maybe you'll get it, then.''

''Carl, mate, I get it. I'd rather not touch her than play her. And it's got nothing to do with the fact her brother promised to break my legs.''

''Already having run-ins with the brother?'' He chuckles.

''I may or may not have imagined what her ass would look like bent over in front of me whilst he was in the room.''

Carl shakes his head and we ride the wave to shore, the wind blowing against us. Out here, on the water, I'm free. It's an escape, something to throw myself into. Something I need whenever Alexis Edwards is around me.

''You asked for it then,'' Carl says in response to my last comment.

''Thing is, if I did hurt her, I'd probably deserve broken legs. She's too good to hurt.''

~

ALEXIS

''Lexy?''

I hear my brother's voice calling my name and groan. I sit up and push my sunglasses to the top of my head, squinting.

''What do you want, Bing?'' I yell at him.

He jogs over to us and his eyes rake Jen's body.

''Just thought I'd come and spend some time with my baby sister,'' he says without taking his eyes off her.

I snap my fingers. ''I'm here, not on her chest, moron.''

Jen lowers her sunglasses and glares up at him.

''Who is your friend?'' he says, clearly struggling to keep his eyes on me. And people wonder why I don't spend time with him. Really.

''You remember Jen.'' I smirk.

''No way!'' He slaps his thigh. ''Well, you got hot, gorgeous.''

''I also got taken, Sam, so control yourself,'' she quips.

''Always the hot ones.'' He shakes his head.

''Bing, you've had more girls than most people have Sunday dinners.'' I look at him pointedly.

''Oh, shut it,'' He sits down.

''I guess you're hanging around, then?'' I sigh.

''Why not? It's a beautiful day,'' Bing grins and lies back, resting against the rock.

I huff and roll over onto my stomach, set on ignoring him.

''Hey, sis?'' he asks.

''What?'' I snap.

''Where's your guy?''

''I don't have a guy, Bing.''

''Sure ya do, Alec. I saw the way you were looking at each other yesterday.''

''Bing?'' I lift my head and look at him.

''What?''

''Go and f**k yourself.'' I look away and rest my head back on my arms, shutting my eyes.

''I was just sayin', sis. No need to get so defensive.'' He laughs. ''Gram seems to think you're well in there.''

''Gram would. She's the bloody instigator in this,'' I grumble.

Jen laughs. ''Your gram is a legend, I swear.''

''She's at home drinking Baileys and ice,'' Bing chuckles.

''I left her two hours ago.'' I shake my head. ''Can't leave her alone for ten minutes, she's like a child.''

''She's awesome, but very flighty,'' Jen comments. ''Kinda makes her, her, though, if you get me.''

''No.'' Bing shakes his head.

''Whatever, Bing.'' I mumble and wriggle, getting comfy.

''Lover boy's coming,'' he teases.

I swear, I'm gonna kill him one of these days.

CHAPTER FIVE

ALEXIS

''Fish and chips,'' Jen argues.

''With curry sauce,'' I add. ''Mmm.''

''Yes! That's what I'm talkin' about.'' Jen high fives me. ''Finally, someone on my wavelength!''

''You always want fish and chips, and that means going to Ilfracombe. Do you know how much effort that takes?'' Carl groans, trying in vain to wipe sand off his wetsuit.

''That's because I like sitting up there and eating. It's such a nice view. Plus, I need to get rid of my 2p's in the arcade.'' Jen leans against the car and folds her arms across her chest.

''Jen..''

''What do you wanna do, Princess?'' Alec appears from behind his car, fully changed.

''I wanna go to Ilfracombe for fish and chips, then get rid of 2p's in the arcade.'' I grin.

''Ilfracombe it is.'' He shrugs.

''Oh Jesus,'' Carl mutters. ''You're getting soft.''

''A girl wants what a girl wants.'' Alec winks at me and I roll my eyes, turning away so he won't see the slight flush in my cheeks. How does he have the power to turn me to a pile of mush?

''Yes!'' Jen punches the air and pulls open the car door. ''2p machine, here I come.''

I laugh at her excitement. It's so childlike, so refreshing, and so different to what I'm used to.

''Can we stop off at Gram's? I knew I brought my pig for a reason.'' I poke my head out the window and look at Alec.

''Anything for you, Princess.'' He beams at me, and I can't help but smile back.

''Bing isn't coming, is he?'' Jen asks me.

''No. He's leaving to spend a few days in Exeter with some friends. Thank god.''

''You don't mean that,'' Carl teases me. ''You love the banter.''

''About as much as I'd love a kick in the teeth,'' I snort. ''Yeah, I love him, but he drives me damn crazy.''

''That's siblings for you,'' Jen sighs. ''Talking of older siblings, my sister gets married in two weeks and she told me to invite you to the wedding. Your Gram is going.''

''Sure, I'd love to come.'' I smile at her. ''I can't believe she's getting married. I remember her screaming at us because we were chasing her with a lobster once.''

Jen bursts out laughing. ''Oh my god, I so remember that!''

Alec and Carl share a look from the front seats as Alec pulls away. After a quick stop off at Gram's involving helping Mum hide the Baileys and Vino, finding Gram's reading glasses and grabbing my pig, we head out of the Bay and towards Ilfracombe.

It's cooler in Ilfracombe than in Lilac Bay when we arrive, and Jen's stomach makes itself known as the smell of fish and chips drifts past us. I can hear the chinking of coins in the arcade, the happy shouts of children as their parents win stuffed toys out of the machines. The noise increases as we pass the Landmark Theatre and approach Tunnels Beaches.

Jen spies the fish and chip shop and grabs Carl's hand, dragging him towards it.

''I need food,'' is the only explanation she's willing to give.

I stop by Tunnels Beaches and lean on the wall, looking out to sea. The beach is small, rugged, and covered in pebbles. Even from my higher position I can see how gritty the 'sand' is.

The sea breeze drifts up towards me, teasing my hair gently, blowing it away from my face. I stand there absently, lost in a world of calm.

I remember coming here for days out - visits to Combe Martin's Wildlife and Dinosaur Park, Watermouth Castle, and the aquarium. Sometimes, we'd just sit on the beach and I'd listen to Westlife until my ears began to bleed. I smile slightly to myself at the memory, wishing I could plug myself into my iPod and listen to them.

ALEC

I watch her as she rests her arms on the wall and looks out to sea. The wind teases her hair, tiny locks of it blowing away from her face gently and I know I've never seen anything more peaceful. I've never seen anyone more beautiful.

I don't know when she made the transition from sexy to beautiful in my mind, or when she became a need instead of a want. I missed when she switched from a one night girl to a forever girl. My forever girl.

She doesn't trust me. I'm not stupid and I'm not blind. Unless I can prove I care, she won't touch me with a ten foot barge pole and I don't blame her. I'm not perfect.

I'm not perfect enough for her but I don't care, not anymore.

I want her to take a chance on me.

I step up to the wall and let my arm brush hers gently. Her eyelashes fan out around her eyes, framing them in a natural kind of perfection. I've distracted her from what she was thinking about.. Even if she won't show it.

ALEXIS

I ignore the goose pimples his touch evokes, but it's kinda hard.

''It's lovely here.'' He looks at me.

''Yeah. I was just remembering when we used to come here.'' Seagulls fly overhead, squawking and looking for their next meal.

''Maybe I wasn't talking about the view.''

I can feel his eyes burning holes in the side of my head, but I won't look, I won't, I won't..

I give in to the compelling feeling and turn my face towards him slightly.

''You look lovely just standing there, that tiny smile on your face.'' He picks my hand up and links his baby finger with mine. I look at our hands. His are bigger, more tanned from working in Gram's garden and surfing.

''You're really laying it on thick today, aren't you?'' I laugh and take my hand back.

''Lexy, I don't wanna get in your pants. Well I do, but not like that. Oh hell,'' he hisses out a breath.

''First time for everything, then, Alec?'' There's an almost bitter tone to my voice as I refuse to make eye contact.

''Clearly Jen has been embellishing,'' he mutters to himself. ''Lexy, I know you're not like the girls around here, and I'm not just looking for one good night. I haven't slept with half as many people round here as you think I have.''

I open my mouth to argue with him but he stops me.

''Just listen. I won't deny that I'm attracted to you - immensely - but I don't want just one night with you. I want you to give me a chance, get to know me. I'm not as bad as you think, I swear.''

I make eye contact despite my best efforts, and he's deadly serious. His eyes are practically begging me to give him a chance, and I want to, oh how I want to.

But giving him a chance means opening myself to him in return, and I know when that happens he'll get under my skin. It's so much easier to think of him as a flirt, a lad, someone I should keep at arms length. If he's at arms length he can't wriggle under my defences towards my heart.

I know that's what will happen. If I give him a chance I may as well stand on the rooftop and shout 'hey, Alec, come and break my heart!' at the top of my voice. I don't know if I'm ready for that.

The fact we've only known each other a week doesn't matter much anymore. The thought hits me suddenly and I recall Bing's words. You need to loosen up a bit. I close my eyes, take a deep breath and sigh it out. Damn my brother to hell and back on a rocket.

''One chance, Alec,'' I say quietly, looking into his eyes. ''If you can prove to me you're not a man whore, then I'll forget everything Jen has told me about you.''

His face transforms and he smiles widely. His dimples make an appearance and I feel a bit of my resolve melt. I know I've just made a mistake, giving him that chance.

''You have a deal.'' He takes my hand and steps back. ''My lady, would you allow me to escort you to the upcoming nuptials?''

I put my other hand over my mouth and laugh into it as he bows to me. A nod is all I can manage.

He stands and whoops loudly. ''She said yes!'' he shouts, much to the delight of passer bys.

I gasp and slap his arm. ''You're such an idiot!''

''Sorry,'' he laughs. ''I couldn't resist.''

I look at him and I can't contain my amused smirk. He bumps my shoulder with his.

''Come on, Princess, it was a little bit funny.'' He grins.

''Maybe a little..'' I try to contain my laughter.

''You know it was...'' He pulls a silly face and I let my laughter go.

''You're so stupid,'' I manage through my laughter.

''I know.'' He wraps his arm around me and leads me towards the fish and chip shop. ''Dinner is on me.''

~

''What day is it?'' Gram asks me, peering at the calendar.

''It's Wednesday, and your glasses are on the kitchen side,'' Mum replies, kissing Gram's head as she walks past her.

''You seem a bit forgetful lately, Gram,'' I comment.

Dad peers at us over the top of his newspaper.

''It's old age, Lexy girl.'' She chuckles and puts her glasses on. ''Happens to the best of us. Why, Mabel forgot her bingo pen on Sunday night! Caused quite a stir in the Bingo hall, I'll tell you.''

''Is that why you won?'' I grin.

''Why you cheeky little..'' She swats me and I sidestep out of the way laughing. ''Probably was, dear. I won't complain though!''

''How much did you win?'' Dad asks her.

''Fifty pounds,'' she says proudly.

I snicker and Dad claps.

''Drinks on you then, Vi!''

''Si!'' Mum admonishes. ''Don't encourage her. Me and Lexy have already hidden the Vino.''

''Not very well,'' Grammy cackles and waggles a finger at her. ''It's in the cupboard under the stairs. I might forget the day and where I put my glasses but you lived with me for eighteen years, sugar-pie, and you've been hiding things there since you were a year old.''

I make a buzzer sound. ''That is the wrong answer.''

Gram looks at us, shocked. ''You mean it's not there?''

''Don't be silly, mother,'' Mum laughs. ''Lexy hid it.''

''Yep, and I'd love to see you climb the chimney!'' I laugh.

''You didn't!'' Grammy puts a hand to her chest.

''You're so gullible.'' I bend over the chair laughing. ''Of course I didn't put it up the chimney.''

''They tipped it down the sink instead!'' Dad teases her.

''You horrible children,'' she clucks. ''Tormenting a poor, defenceless, little old lady.''

''Defenceless! Ha!'' Dad puts his paper down and sits back in his chair. ''I seem to remember you're lethal with a handbag, Violet.''

Gram gets a thoughtful look on her face.

''I get the feeling there's a story here somewhere.'' I look between her and my parents.

''Oh there is.'' Mum stirs her tea and leans against the kitchen counter. ''We were what, fifteen?'' She looks at Dad.

''Sixteen, I believe,'' he corrects her. Mum nods.

''You were. I think I was still fifteen. Anyway.'' She focuses on me. ''We'd been out to Ilfracombe to see a show at the Landmark and then dinner afterwards. It was at some all you can eat buffet, and we'd stuffed ourselves silly. Anyway, I was a little bloated and when we got back, your grandmother took one look at me and accused your father of getting me pregnant. We were so shocked by her words he didn't see her handbag come flying towards him.''

I snort and Dad laughs at the memory.

''My arm is still sore to this day,'' he jokes. ''She carried everything but the kitchen sink in that blasted bag.''

''I can't believe you actually beat Dad with your handbag!'' I look at Gram and there's a fond smile on her face.

''I believe I remember that,'' she chuckles and turns her attention to me. ''You make sure to tell your Alec about my handbag skills.''

''He's not my anything!'' I insist.

''Of course, honey,'' Mum says and puts her empty cup in the sink. ''Are you ready, Mum? Tesco won't do the shopping for you.''

''Yes, yes, Em. I'm ready.'' Gram kisses my cheek and picks up her bag. Dad takes the car keys from Mum and goes to start the car up.

''See you in a bit, Mum.'' I flick my magazine open.

''Bye, love.''

''Oh, Lexy,'' Gram turns in the door, and that twinkle I've come to expect is in her eyes. I narrow my eyes. ''Your Alec will be here in ten minutes. He's putting my shed up for me.''

''What?!'' I exclaim and jump out of my seat. ''Why does no one tell me this stuff?'' I stomp past them. ''And for the last time, he's not my Alec!''

''Oh, Emmy,'' I hear Gram giggle as I run up the stairs to get changed. ''That girl has it bad.''

''Mother, you're incorrigible.'' Mum sighs. I hear the front door open then close again.

I turn to the mirror. My hair is shoved up in a messy bun, I have smudges under my eyes from yesterday's make up and I'm still wearing my pyjamas.

My Snoopy pyjamas.

If there's any chance of me being ready to face the hottest guy on the face of the Earth, I'm gonna need a freakin' miracle.

And if I'm now referring to him as 'the hottest guy on the face of the Earth', I need a brain transplant.

~

Miraculously, I'm ready by the time Alec knocks on the door.

''You're not exactly dressed for shed building, Princess.'' He leans against the door frame.

''I wasn't under the impression I would be shed building,'' I reply and flounce into the kitchen.

''Well, you are.'' He follows me in.

''Says who?'' I turn and nearly smack into his chest. I tilt my head back and look up at him.

''Says me,'' he says in a low voice that does funny things to my knees. Yeah, the guy is a walking advert for sexiness.

''It's a shame I say no then, isn't it?'' I smile sweetly and step away from him before the rest of my body goes into overdrive. ''Gram said you'll find all the tools you need outside.''

''Ah, the Princess is afraid to get her hands dirty,'' he says in a knowing voice.

''Nope,'' I say casually. ''But ladies don't build sheds.''

''You're not eighteen yet, Princess.''

I roll my eyes. ''Alec, I wear a bra. That makes me a lady.'' I slap my hand over my mouth. ''Totally didn't mean to say that.''

Alec laughs and wraps his arms around me. I bury my face into my hands and try to ignore how warm his body is, how strong his arms feel and how freakin' hard and muscular his chest is.

This is so not on board with my 'Resist Alec' plan.

I extract myself from his arms with a tiny bit of reluctance. So what? I enjoyed the hug. I can appreciate a good hug.

''Get building, go on.'' I give him a friendly shove towards the sliding doors.

He pushes them open easily and looks at me over his shoulder.

''Whatever you say, Princess.''

''I wish you'd stop with the pet name,'' I mumble as I head upstairs to my room.

My head can only be cleared with one thing.

It's time to grab my iPod and listen to my secret Westlife play list.

ALEC

There's something satisfying about finding the last piece of a puzzle and slotting it in.

There's something satisfying about finding a piece of my heart I didn't know was missing and slotting her into my arms.

When she blushes, it's like my body goes into overdrive and I want - no, need - to touch her. I need to make her mine, run my fingers through her hair, my lips across her neck. My hands need to trail down her back to cup that pretty little ass and hold her against me.

She shoves me towards the back door and I grin when I hear her mumbling about her 'damn pet name.' I shouldn't wind her up, I know this, but she gets this fire in her eyes when she's angry and it's illegally sexy.

One day, I'll get that fire spreading through her whole body.

The sun beats down as I work hard at putting the shed up. I'm almost done when Vi strolls into the garden with a cold glass of lemonade.

''Here, drink this, muscle man.'' She chuckles and hands it to me. I wink at her and down it in one. ''Dinner's available if you'd like it.''

I glance past her and see the back of Lexy's head. ''Dinner sounds good.''

Vi grins and her eyes twinkle. ''Excellent. You two are getting kinda close, huh?''

''I guess,'' I say warily, seeing where she's going with this.

''She's a lovely girl,'' she carries. ''So kind, friendly..'' Sexy as f**k. Playful. Enthralling. Beautiful. Addictive.

''She doesn't know, does she?'' I look at her seriously.

''Shush,'' Vi hisses, glances over her shoulder. ''No. No, she doesn't know, and I don't want her to. Not yet. I want her to enjoy this summer. I want to watch her grow.''

''And that's why you hired me to work in your garden this summer,'' I suss out.

''No, Alec,'' she says softly. ''I hired you to work in my garden because you needed an outlet for your grief besides alienating every damn female between the ages of sixteen and twenty two. Your relationship with Lexy?'' Her eyes twinkle again. ''That's a bonus.''

''I'm sure,'' I mumble, picking the hammer back up. ''I don't know how I'm supposed to keep it to myself.''

''Ask no questions and I'll tell you no lies. She doesn't ask, you don't tell. Simple as.''

CHAPTER SIX

ALEXIS

Alec ends up staying for dinner, and it's awkward to say the least. Grammy spends the whole time gazing at us both with her twinkly eyes, Dad discusses the latest Man U score and Mum looks at me with sympathy.

Me? I spend the whole time looking at the table and wishing I could disappear into the corner where my Grandmother-come-cupid can't find me.

''What are you doing tomorrow?'' Alec asks me.

''Jen said something about going to Croyde.'' I shrug.

''Come earlier. I'll teach you to surf.'' He smiles his charming smile.

''Oh, Lexy, that's a wonderful idea!'' Grammy claps her hands.

Mum rolls her eyes.

''I don't know..'' I bite my lip. Alec's eyes flick to my lip and I release it.

''Come on. It'll be fun!''

''I think it would be fun, Lexy,'' Dad interjects. ''You used to love body boarding when you were little. You're too much of a city girl, it'll do you some good to get your hair wet.'' He winks at Grammy.

Great. Now they're a team.

I look at Mum for support and she shrugs helplessly.

''It's your choice, love.'' She gives me a small smile.

I look at Alec. ''I'll go earlier with you, but I'm not surfing.''

He sighs dramatically. ''I suppose that'll be okay.''

I shoot him a playful glare and he half-smiles at me.

Is it wrong that one dimple is way sexier than two?

~

'I hate you, but I love you, I can't stop thinking of you. I don't know what to do, I'm stuck on you...'

''Shut up, Stacey Orrico, what do you know?'' I mutter and shut off iTunes.

Alec's 4x4 pulls up outside the little cottage and I call a goodbye to my family. When I turn around he's in front of me.

''I hope there's a wetsuit in that bag.'' He takes it from me.

I raise my eyebrows at him. ''I told you, I'm not surfing. I'll sit and look pretty while you do all the hard work.''

''I'm sure you will, but you are getting on a board today,'' he insists.

''I'm not a surfing kinda girl.''

I'm vaguely aware of the fact I've barely stepped off the doorstep and my family can probably hear every word. Knowing Grammy, she's got her nose pressed up against the window and a glass to the wall.

Enjoy the show, Gram, I think.

''Oh, no. I thought it over, if you're coming with me, you're surfing,'' Alec insists.

''Then I've thought it over.'' I grab my bag. ''I'm not going with you.''

I turn around and put my hand on the door handle.

''Wow,'' he breathes out and I know he's shaking his head.

''What?'' I glance at him over my shoulder.

''You really are a city girl, aren't you?''

''What?''

''Have you ever seen the world outside London?''

I snort. ''Of course I have, Alec.'' I gesture around me. ''I'm looking it at right now.''

''But have you really seen it? Have you ever really taken the time to look at anything besides skyscrapers, the walls of the underground and the inside of Harvey Nichols? The world is a beautiful place, Devon is a beautiful place, you just have to open your eyes and see it. There are so many amazing things out there waiting for you to discover them. Just open your heart to them.'' He starts walking backwards up the path towards his Jeep.

''And let me guess, surfing is one of these amazing things just waiting to be discovered by little ol' me?'' I ask sarcastically.

''As a matter of fact, yes.'' He reaches his car. ''You know, you can be so uptight sometimes..''

''Uptight?'' I cry.

''Every once in a while you gotta stop worrying, stop thinking and let go. Stop worrying if you have a hair out of place, or if you've chipped a nail. Hell, Lexy, you gotta have some fun in your life. Come with me, let me teach you to surf. Trust me, it'll be worth it.'' Alec opens the passenger side door and motions for me to get in.

''I don't..''

''Don't give me that 'I don't know' crap, Princess.'' His eyes bore into mine and for the first time, my heart flutters at the pet name.

''I hate it when you call me that.'' I lie through clenched teeth and kick the ground.

''I know.'' He winks. ''That's partly why I do it. You're not in London anymore. Croyde has the best waves in Devon. C'mon, Lexy.'' He smiles, showing me his dimples like he knows it's my weakness. ''Just once. Let go and try it, just once, and if you hate it I promise you never have to do it again.''

I study him for a moment. His stormy blue-grey eyes that draw me in further than the latest Kindle best-seller, his ruffled dirty brown hair, his sun-kissed skin.

''Scouts honour?'' I turn around slowly.

''Scouts honour.'' He holds his fingers up.

''Okay, you win.'' I sigh and walk down the path, throwing my bag in the back seat before climbing into the passenger seat. His smile widens and he pushes the door closed. He walks around, gets in next to me and starts the engine.

''Were you even a boy scout?'' I peer at him out the corner of my eye.

''Nope.'' We both laugh. ''But I bet you weren't a girl scout either.''

He looks at me and I smile.

''Got me there,'' I admit.

''Brownie?''

''Nope.''

''Hmm, army cadet?''

''Don't be silly.'' I elbow him and lean forward to turn the radio on. Us Against The World by Westlife is playing, and I can't find the heart to turn it off.

I turn my face towards the window and let the music flow through me. I sing the words like a reflex, an automatic reaction. I don't even realise what I'm doing until I feel Alec's eyes on me.

I glance at him and my cheeks flush.

''Closet Westlife fan. I knew it,'' he shakes his head.

''Shut up,'' I mumble.

~

I chew the inside of my cheek anxiously as Alec picks me out a board and wetsuit from the rental place. I can see the beach from where I'm standing, and he really wasn't lying when he said that Croyde had bigger waves than Lilac Bay.

''Ready?'' he asks, passing me the wetsuit. ''There's a little room out the back you can change in.''

''I guess,'' I mumble and take it, walking in the direction of the changing room. The suit is a bugger to get on, and I can only zip it up halfway. I look upwards when I realise I have to ask Alec to finish zipping it up.

''Done?'' He turns to me as I step out.

''Can you, er, zip me up?'' I sweep my hair around the side of my neck, revealing my half bare back.

''Sure.'' He steps up to me and his fingers brush my skin. My breath catches and I hold it as he moves the zip slowly upwards.

''You can breathe now, Princess,'' he whispers in my ear and strokes his hands down my arms. His lips graze my earlobe and I shiver.

He grabs my hand and pulls me towards the beach. Apparently, he's already taken the boards onto the beach. He must have done that while I was wrestling with the damn wetsuit.

Alec smiles at my obvious reluctance to move towards the surfboard.

''Come on.'' He tugs my hand gently and I step up to it.

''Lie it down on the sand,'' he orders.

''Didn't know you could surf on sand,'' I quip dryly and release his hand, moving towards the board.

''Ha, ha.'' He makes a face at me. ''I'm teaching you the moves before you head out into the water. It's safe this way.''

''Great, now he tells me it's dangerous,'' I grumble and lay the board down next to his.

''It's not dangerous, just a little risky. Lie down on the board on your tummy, directly down the middle. See that line?'' He points to it. ''You need to be straight on that.''

''Right.'' I lie down. ''Now what?''

''Put your arms out and pretend you're paddling.''

''On the sand?''

''No, Princess.'' He rolls his eyes. ''Amongst the clouds.''

''Alright, alright.'' I put my arms out and exaggerate the paddle, much to his amusement.

''Let's try standing. Put your hands on the board level with your chest, and put yourself up quickly. Your legs need to be where your waist was, like this.''

I turn my head and he demonstrates.

''Your turn.'' He nods to me and I take a deep breath.

I'm on the sand. I can do this.

I copy his movements and before I know it, I'm on my feet.

''Nice,'' Alec approves. ''And you're a regular.''

''A regular?'' I frown at him.

''Right foot first. Carl's a goofy foot, meaning his left foot goes in front of his right,'' he explains.

''Oh, okay.''

We practise the movements a few more times until Alec is sure I'm ready to hit the waves. I hook the board under my arm the same way he does and he takes my free hand in his, linking our fingers.

''Relax.'' He smiles over at me as we head towards the water. ''I'll be close, you'll be fine.''

''Mm,'' I say and eye the waves. I'm definitely more at home in the surf shop opposed to the actual surf.

We walk out until we're waist deep in the water. Alec holds my board steady as I climb on then moves sideways.

''I'll keep an eye on the waves and shout when one's coming. You focus on your movements, okay?''

I nod in response, my eyes fixed forward.

A few seconds later I hear him shout to paddle, so I paddle. It's harder than I thought.

''Crouch!''

I start moving into the crouch position when I hear him shout to me again.

''And don't forget to watch out for the jellyfish!''

''What?!'' I shriek. My head snaps around to him so fast I lose my balance and fall backwards into the water seconds before the wave breaks. I hold my breath and ride it out, breaking the surface with a splutter.

Alec is sat on his board, holding his sides as he laughs.

''You're an ass**le!'' I shriek at him and grab hold of the board. I'm bobbing along in the water. I dunk my head back under, tilting it backwards to get the hair from my face.

''Your face was priceless!'' He laughs even harder.

''You really are a dick!'' I shout.

''I'm sorry, Princess, really, I am!'' He tries for sincere but the escaping chuckle gives him away.

''You're not sorry at all!''

''Here, I'll help you get back on.'' He paddles his board over to me.

''Get lost.'' I splash water at him and he splashes me back in return.

I hold my breath and drop under the water. I swim to his board and tip it over, sending him splashing into the sea next to me.

I swim back up and grab my board again. This time, it's me laughing and holding my sides. He pops his head above the water.

''Payback is a bitch!'' I laugh at him.

''Oh yeah, it is!'' He grins mischievously and disappears back under the water. His head bobs up again. I see him take a deep breath, and he's gone again.

I'm still laughing when I feel his hands pull the board strap from me. He pushes the board towards the beach and grabs my ankle, pulling me down. He grins at me underwater and we break the surface at the same time. I cough a few times.

''Dick.'' I splash him as I kick my legs gently to keep myself afloat.

''Beautiful,'' he replies, splashing me back and moving closer.

''Ass,'' I argue and move backwards.

''Gorgeous.'' He moves towards me again and I move back.

''Egotistical,'' I counter.

''Enchanting.'' He kicks forward and grabs me round the waist.

''Irritatingly charming.'' I look up at him and all cockiness is gone from his eyes. My hands are pressed against his chest and it's rock solid. My fingers twitch.

Mine, he mouths silently. I give him an amused smile and shake my head.

''Caveman,'' I whisper.

''Yours,'' he whispers in return.

The waves are suddenly soundless, the laughs and cries of delighted children muted. The world freezes, just for a moment, and as I look in his eyes they're the brightest spark of colour in a world so dull.

His fingers play with the ends of my wet hair and my hands rest on his shoulders. He looks at me like I'm the only thing he can see, and that look speeds up my heart. It's pumping so fast I'm sure he can feel it against his chest.

My feelings change as I look into his eyes for longer than usual. The attraction is being overridden, my heart is taking over the driving seat from my hormones.

A wave comes crashing into us with a deafening sound and Alec momentarily loosens his grip on me - long enough for me to see reason and slip out from his arms. I ride with the wave until I surface a few feet from him.

''Are you gonna teach me to surf or are you planning on being a shark's dinner?'' I call to him.

Even though I'm not close to him, I can see his lips curl up, his dimples appear and his eyes crinkle. It's like it's burned into my mind.

''Yes, Princess, I'm teaching you to surf,'' he laughs and moves towards me.

I push my way through the water to beat him to where the boards have washed up, desperately avoiding another moment like what we just had, and at the same time desperately wanting him to take me in his arms again.

I'm not the kind of girl to blink and give my heart away, but I know if anyone can make me do it, it's Alec.

Every time I look at him it's like a little piece of who I am chips away, revealing the 'summer girl' I left behind five years ago. The carefree, up for anything girl.

He's slowly stripping away my defences with every look, every touch, every dimpled smile, and he doesn't even realise he's doing it.

Meeting Alec has changed everything, and it scares me.

He's everything I know is bad for me, everything I should avoid. We're opposites in every way and it shouldn't work, but apparently my self-preservation has gone on holiday to the Bahamas along with my common sense because I can't seem to get away from him.

I don't get swayed by smooth lines, and casual touches don't make me go crazy. When Alec speaks to me it's like music to my soul, and every touch sends tingles crawling across my skin.

But, I realise as I paddle out for my second attempt at surfing, it's not those things that pull me towards him like a moth to a flame.

It's the look in his eyes when he tells me I'm beautiful; the tenderness in his voice when he calls me 'Princess'; the soft, protective element to his touch.

They all give me little glimpses into the guy under the flirty, egotistical outer shell.

So maybe, just maybe, the way I'm starting to feel isn't so crazy, after all.

ALEC

Every turning point in life has a significant moment that accompanies it. It changes relationships, feelings and perspectives, altering the way you see the world around you.

It also usually hits you with the force of a ten-ton-truck skidding on ice.

It's no longer about sex, or attraction, or my teenage boy needs. It's no longer about the way Lexy's ass wiggles when she walks, the way she looks in a bikini or the way her lips would, and should, move over mine.

It's about the way her eyes sparkle when she's excited, the way her mouth curls up in a tiny smile when she's annoyed and trying to hide it, it's the way her hair curls at the ends, ever so slightly. It's the lightness of her laugh, the flick of her eyelashes when she flirts and the playful side she keeps buried.

It's more than attraction, more than want.

Feelings are developing between us and lines are smudging. No matter how she denies it, I felt the way she reacted to me when she was in my arms. Racing heart, heavy breathing, lidded eyes. The same way I react to her without realising it.

I grin as she wades through the water with the surfboard. I shouldn't have said the jellyfish thing.. No, no. I should have. It was hilarious.

"What are you grinning at?" She raises her eyebrows.

"Nothing." I splash her playfully and she glares at me.

"Can we try again?" she asks, shaking her hair out.

"I thought you didn't want to surf?"

"You're determined I can't do it." She wipes the hair stuck to her face. "And I'm determined I can, and I'm not about to give up until I have. We could be here all night."

"Oh, Princess. I have no problems looking at you in a wetsuit all night. Did you know it clings in all the right places?" I wink at her and hold her surfboard.

She runs her tongue across her teeth and leans forward on the board. "I know. You're not the only one with eyes, Alec. I can see everything."

There's an inch of space between us and she's changing the game, she's taking control.

"Like what you see?" I breathe it out and she represses a shiver.. Not very well though.

"Even if I do, I'm not likely to tell you." She smirks and dunks underwater, popping back up with her head back to keep her hair off her face.

And I'll be damned if she doesn't look like a wet dream come to life when she does it.

My c**k twitches. Feelings might be developing, but it doesn't overlook the fact she's still the sexiest thing Devon has ever f**king seen.

CHAPTER SEVEN

ALEXIS

''Boy's got it bad.'' Jen flicks a shell away.

''Okay,'' I say.

''No, really. I've never seen him this way. It's both exciting and sickening at the same time.''

''Jen.''

''Don't you start with the 'Jen' thing,'' she warns me. ''I'm just tellin' you how I see it, and I can see more fireworks between you two than the fifth November.''

''The things you come out with..'' I shake my head.

''Lexy, you can tell me.'' She sits up and is serious. ''Do you like him?''

''I like him. As a friend.'' I skirt around her meaning.

''Nice dodge, Lexy.'' She lies back down.

''I don't know what you mean.''

''Well, we'll see.''

''Despite everything he said yesterday, I'm pretty sure he just wants to get in my pants. That's all.'' I check my phone and see that Bing is coming back to Lilac Bay on Friday, two days early.

''Alec's never asked anyone for a chance. Ever. Trust me, he wants more than a roll in the hay.''

''Well, I don't want a summer romance.''

I don't know who I'm trying to convince.

''Yeah, I believe you.'' Jen says it in a tone that says she clearly doesn't, but she's gonna drop it for now. ''There's another party at the Bay on Friday, and since it's your birthday next week I thought we'd go and celebrate your last under-age drinks.''

''Sounds like a plan, batgirl.'' I grin at her. ''Although, Bing said he's back Friday so he'll probably come too.''

''I have no doubt he will,'' she says dryly. ''Maybe he can take Bianca off Alec's hands for him.''

I giggle into my towel. ''Most likely situation? He will.''

~

Since Jen has a dress fitting, I spend Thursday with Grammy. I finally roll my sleeves up and help her weed the garden to the sound of her probing questions about my day with Alec. I tell her I surfed successfully three times, but leave out the whole crazy heart beating thing that happened before I actually stood on the board.

Thursday passes quickly - too quickly, and before I know it I'm at Jen's getting ready for the beach party.

''Six days, and we can party properly,'' she says, pulling clothes from her wardrobe.

''Oh yes. Where are we going?'' I flick through the music channels absently.

''Barnstaple. It's easy enough to get a taxi back.'' She shakes her head at one dress and hangs it back up. Guess she's going for the red dress then.

Cobra Starship start singing from the TV and I sigh.

''I make them good girls go bad!'' Jen sings loudly and twirls dramatically across her room.

I laugh and she pulls me up with her.

''You heard that I was trouble but you couldn't resist,'' I wink at her.

''Good girls go bad.'' She moves her head side to side.

''Boy you're dangerous, yeah you're that guy I'd be stupid to trust, but just one night couldn't be so wrong..''

''You make me wanna lose control!'' We both sing at the same time.

I sigh happily and pull my make-up from the side.

''I think that's your problem,'' Jen brushes her hair, still dancing.

''What's my problem?''

''Alec is the guy you'd be stupid to trust, right? But you're totally losing control where he's concerned, and that's why you're keeping him at arms length.'' Oh, Jen, if only you knew. ''But one night couldn't be that bad...''

''I'm not having a one-nighter, Jen.''

''You don't want a summer romance, so just one night with him wouldn't be bad.. I mean..''

''I'm a virgin!'' I interrupt her.

''Well f**k a duck, I wasn't expecting that.'' She stops twirling and looks at me. ''Are you actually?''

''Yes.'' I go back to my make-up.

''Okay, veto the one night idea. Hmm.'' She gets a thoughtful expression. ''A date?''

''No.''

''Vetoed. Okay. Just let things run its course?''

''I don't think I have much choice on that,'' I sigh.

She tilts her head to the side. ''I knew you liked him.''

''I..'' I begin to protest and stop. ''A little.''

''I knew ittt!'' she sings. ''I absolutely knew it, absolutely..''

''Can we just get ready?'' I interrupt her again. Honestly, I'm starting to wonder if she has batteries or something. She's always on the go.

''Good thinkin' catwoman.''

~

There's only so much I can take of my brother. Sometimes, I can tolerate him. Sometimes, I want to whack him over the head with the nearest heavy object.

Tonight is a heavy object night.

He's taken the role of my protector. Unnecessarily.

''Bing, really, you don't need to stick to my side like glue. I promise I won't run off. I even promise with a cherry on top,'' I say sarcastically.

''You're my baby sister, you're in a strange place where you hardly know anyone. Of course I'm going to protect you,'' Bing replies, leaning against a rock.

''I'm hardly a baby anymore,'' I huff.

''Lex, I'm always gonna protect you, you get me? No one will touch you while I'm around.''

''No one touches me anyway!''

''Except lover boy.''

''Gram's been recruiting you to her side, hasn't she?''

''Dunno what you mean, sis.'' He grins cheekily at me and I shake my head.

''Is that buffoon still here?'' Jen groans and passes me a drink. Bing frowns at me.

''It's come from Alec's car,'' I grind out.

''I opened it.'' Jen smiles sweetly.

Bing grunts and folds his arms across his chest.

''You're such a f**king toddler,'' I snap at him. ''Do me a favour and go and entertain Bianca.''

''Who's Bianca?'' He perks up.

''She's making moves on her man.'' Jen waggles her eyebrows. I roll my eyes. There's no use correcting her - she'll just tell me I'm in denial. Again.

''Where is she?''

Jen skirts around me and links her arm through Bing's. She points her out in the crowd - her bleach blonde bob isn't exactly hard to miss - and I see him nod appreciatively.

Honestly, if it has boobs, a pair of legs and a pulse, Bing will be straight onto it.

Figuratively and literally.

He nods again and starts moving in Bianca's direction.

''How?'' I look at Jen in amazement.

''I told him she'd been eyeing him up all night and she's up for anything.'' She sips her drink and the emphasis on 'anything' makes me choke on my drink.

''Yep, that'll do it,'' I laugh. She tilts her bottle towards me and raises her eyebrows casually.

''Someone's heading your way, and he looks interested.''

I hate my body for the way a little hope blooms at the thought it could be Alec.

I glance over my shoulder. It's not Alec - but it's not altogether a bad alternative. He's not as built as Alec, but his hair is darker and his eyes look kind of hazel in the darkness. He's attractive, and had I not met Alec I'd be up for a flirt.

Hold up. When did I start comparing everyone to Alec?

Ugh. I need help.

''Carl's mate from college. He's called James, and he's alright.'' Jen smiles.

''I thought you were rooting for Alec?'' I whisper to her.

''Oh, I am. But the thought he might have a bit of competition might give him a kick up the ass.'' She winks at me and sends a beaming smile over my shoulder. ''Hey, James. How you doin'?''

''Arite, Jen? Not bad maid, you?''

His accent is proper Devonshire. Or should that be propurr?

Okay, Alexis, put the alcohol down.

''Yeah, good thanks.''

''Who's ya friend?''

''Oh, James, this is Lexy, my friend from London. Lexy, this is James.''

I turn and realise he's a lot taller than me. ''Hey. Nice to meet you.''

He shakes my hand. ''An' you, maid. Down for the summer?''

''Yep,'' I say with a small smile.

''James, you seen Carl?'' Jen interjects.

''Yeah, he's down by the sea talkin' to the guys.''

''I'll go and find him, leave you two to get to know each other.'' She walks past us and throws me a sly smile. I shake my head at her games.

''Been ta the Bay before?'' James asks.

''Yeah, used to come every summer. My Gram lives here.''

''That how ya know Jen?''

''Yeah, we used to play together when we were kids.''

''Nice girl.'' He nods approvingly, his eyes roaming over me. ''Not as nice as you, though.''

I'm not comfortable with him. At all. I glance around and I can spy Bing talking to Bianca with his back to me, and Alec is too busy glaring at the side of James' head to catch my eye.

''Got a boyfriend, Lexy?''

My name sounds dirty on his lips.

"Nope, I don't."

I look around and we're fairly secluded from everyone else. Pretty much everyone here is local and they're all smart enough not to be by the rocks while they're drinking.

"Well then," James drawls. At least, he tries to. "How about me and you go back there an' have a little fun?"

"I'm fine here thanks." Alarm bells ring in my mind as he steps closer. I step backwards - into the rock.

I'm backed in and he's either really drunk, or really stupid. I'd bet a bit of both.

"C'mon maid, me an' you could have a real good time, you get what I'm sayin'?"

I can smell the beer on his breath and it's all I can do not to gag.

"No."

"No, you don't get what I'm sayin' or you don't want a good time?"

"I don't want a good time, especially not with you," I say icily and look up at him.

"Well, thass a shame, cause me an'-"

"I wouldn't do that if I were you." Alec's voice warns from the shadows. I look over James' shoulder at him.

I've never seen Alec angry, but it's not a look I want to see again.

"And why should I do tha, surfer boy?" James sniggers.

"Because that's my little sister your dirty ass is tryin' to f**kin' hit on you creep," Bing seethes and steps next to me. His body is tight and his fists are clenched.

He's ready to fight James.

"Bing, let's just go," I say quietly and touch his arm.

"Nah-uh,'' he says without looking at me. "I wanna know who the f**k this little prick thinks he is pullin' those kinda moves on my baby sister."

"Hey, listen here mate, you ain't her keeper and this little slut-"

I hear the crack before my brain comprehends the fact Bing has punched him and is now pinning him to the ground, and that I'm in Alec's arms.

I don't realise I'm shaking until Alec tightens his grip on me. He rubs my back gently and I press my face into him.

"You're alright, Princess," he whispers in my ear. "I've got you now."

I grab fistfuls of his shirt and ignore the shouts and cheers behind me. I'm not worried for Bing. He knows how to look after himself - I've seen him fight a guy twice his size and KO him.

"Oh my god Lexy I'm so sorry!" Jen wraps her arms around both me and Alec. "If I knew he'd try that I never would have left you alone with him!"

"It's okay." I turn my head slightly so I can see her. "You didn't know. None of us did."

"Why was she alone with him in the first place?" Alec questions her.

Jen looks at me and I grimace slightly.

"We.." She sighs. "He was coming over and I thought if you saw her with another guy you'd get a wriggle on and you know."

"You left her with a stranger to make me jealous?" Alec explodes and steps back.

I let go of his shirt with one hand and grab his arm. He looks upwards and I tug on his arm.

"Alec?" I say softly. He looks down at me. "I'm okay. Really. He didn't touch me. Jen didn't know that's what he had on his mind. He's a friend of Carl's - she thought it would be okay."

"It was a stupid idea. I'm sorry." Jen looks at the ground.

"Aw, hell, Jen. I don't blame you. I'm just angry at that prick for trying to take something that doesn't belong to him. Yeah, yeah I know."

Jen must have made a face or something at him, but as I'm still looking at Alec I don't know.

"Go and tell Carl we're getting Bing. We'll meet you at the car in ten." Alec smiles at Jen and she disappears. He looks back down at me and pulls me back into him.

This time, I wrap my arms around his waist and just let him hold me.

"Sure you're okay?" he asks softly.

"I'm okay now," I reply and he squeezes me. He puts his face in my hair and I can't help my sigh.

My head is telling me I shouldn't be so close to him, it's wrong, but I can't deny how right it feels, the safety I feel in his arms.

Bing comes over a few minutes later.

"Let's get you home, Lex." He strokes my head softly.

I turn to him and make to move from Alec's arms. Bing shakes his head, barely, and I smile at him. Maybe he knows me better than I thought. Alec tucks me tightly into his side and I lean into him.

It's just as Jen said. He's dangerous, the guy I'd be stupid to trust, but I can let myself have this. I can let myself curl into his embrace tonight, simply because I can't pull myself away.

Alec tosses Bing his keys. I shoot my brother a look and he holds his hands up.

"I haven't touched a drop. I was lookin' out for you, Lex."

"Good thing too." Alec helps me into the back seat and climbs in next to me. He immediately puts his arm around me and holds me close. Jen gets in next to me and shoots me a knowing look. I blink at her and she nods, settling back.

The drive back to Gram's is quiet. Bing and Alec are both tense with anger still, I know Jen is bathing in guilt and Carl is well, Carl.

Alec insists on walking me to the door and Bing heads inside to give us a minute.

"Thank you, for tonight." I glance up at him. He places a hand on the side of my face.

"I'll always be there to save you, Princess."

He goes to his car and I step inside, glancing back at him one more time. His eyes meet mine before he gets in the car.

I shut the door behind me and head up to Bing's room. I knock gently on his door and push it open slightly.

"Bing?" I whisper.

He turns, pressing a wet cloth to his mouth. "I'm alright. He only got one hit in, but I think I broke his nose." He grins and I can't help but smile at him.

I run in and hug him tightly. "Thank you."

He wraps one arm around me and squeezes.

"Any time. Go to bed." He gently pushes me back to the door and I leave.

Once I've changed and climb into bed, all I can see is Alec. It's like he's here, right in front of me. His blue-grey eyes are seared into my mind and I can't focus on anything but him.

James, Bing fighting him, it all disappears.

My phone dings and I pick it up.

Goodnight, Princess x

I smile and hit reply.

You're a regular Prince Charming, aren't you? x

Complete with a white horse x

I laugh into my pillow.

Night, Alec x

I put my phone screen down on the bedside cabinet, a silly smile on my face.

I'm definitely in trouble.

ALEC

"Alec, I'm sorry," Jen says again when I get back into the car.

"Don't be," I reply, exhaling loudly. "It couldn't be helped. It's not your fault."

"It's no ones fault." Carl sighs. "He's just a perverted ass**le."

I hear Jen grunt. "What?" I ask and look through the rear view mirror.

"Nothing-"

"Jen. What. Is. It?" I repeat.

She half-growls, half-sighs at me. "I just wish you'd pull your oversized head out of your sun kissed surfers-ass where Lexy is concerned, that's all."

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

"It means you're a stubborn dick who can't admit he's falling in love with a girl!" Jen thumps the back seat. "Jesus Christ on an Olympic wind glider, Alec. You went ape shit back there tonight. You think anyone is gonna go near her now? Cause they ain't."

"Good." Me and Carl reply at the same time.

"But you ain't exactly near her either, are you?" she continues. "No, your balls are still at primary school age where she's concerned. You gotta sort your shit out before that girl has enough of it and gives up or, goes back to London. She ain't gonna be here forever. Pull. Yourself. Together!"

I park up outside her house. "Sleep well, Jen."

She looks at me aghast and storms out of the car, slamming the door. Carl rolls his eyes.

"Sleep well? I'll give him f**kin 'sleep well, Jen' when I sneak into his room with a spork to scoop out the inside of his balls so he better sleep well with one of his pretty little goddamn eyes open." She fumes and I can't help but laugh.

"Did she even pause for breath then?" I look at Carl.

"No." He shakes his head. "No, she didn't."

"Have fun, mate." I nod to him and he raises his eyebrows.

"I'll try to." He gets out and follows Jen into her house.

I can't think of anything other than that prick trying to pull his moves on Lexy on the way to my house. It's all I can do not to slam every door on my way upstairs when I get in.

I don't get angry easily. In fact, it takes a hell of a lot. I think that's why everyone was so surprised when I flew off the handle at Jen. I couldn't help it. The thought she'd done it to make me jealous...

I slam my pillow against my wall and grit my teeth. This completely irrational need to protect her is making me wanna get back in the car, drive over to Vi's and wrap her in my arms. Without letting go.

Now I'm angry at myself. If I'd kissed her by now would it have happened? No, no it f**king wouldn't have because there isn't a chance in hell I'd let her out of my sight. Turning away for five minutes caused tonight.

Jen's right. I need to pull my head from my ass and make my girl mine before it's too late.

CHAPTER EIGHT

ALEXIS

''What in the hell happened to your face?'' Dad all but shouts at Bing the next morning.

''Samuel!'' Mum exclaims. ''Can't you stay out of fights for at least one week?!''

I flinch at the anger in their voices.

''Some prick thought he could try it on with Lexy, so I showed him he couldn't,'' Bing says without glancing their way.

''Sam, as much as the fact you protect your sister warms my heart, you can't go fighting everyone that so much as looks her way,'' Mum sighs.

''If he did, he'd be fighting Alec every day.'' Dad laughs and Mum swats the back of his head playfully.

''He wasn't just looking my way,'' I mumble.

''If I didn't go in there and stop him there's a good chance your precious daughter wouldn't have been a virgin this morning, and not by her own choice!'' Bing snaps and storms from the room.

Silence.

''Lexy, baby, is that true?'' Mum says quietly.

''He didn't touch me, but probably.''

''I'm gonna go speak to Sam.'' Dad kisses the top of my head and leaves the room.

''He really did do it to protect me, Mum. If it wasn't him it would have been Alec. Please don't be angry at him.'' I look at her.

''Oh, baby, I'm not angry at him. At all.'' She hugs me. ''This is what I wanted you to be careful of.''

''I remember you said that. Why did you say it?''

''So you would pay attention..''

''No, Mum, don't fob me off like I'm eleven years old,'' I sigh. ''I want the truth.''

She nods silently and I see her swallow. I've never seen her look so weak - she's not a weak person. She's strong, independent, unbreakable.

She goes into the back garden and I follow her out. The air is sweet scented, all the aromas from Grammy's flowers mixing together. The sea breeze is light here, swirling past with a barely-there touch.

''I was fourteen. It was so long ago, but it's burned into my memory.'' She gazes out at the sea, her eyes are glazed over with the memory. ''I was down at the Bay, with my friends at the time, and there was a group of guys there. One of them approached me - they were older, about seventeen, so I was flattered - and started chatting me up. He said he wanted to get to know me, so we broke off from the group and sat on the other side of the rocks. I was too young to know it was a bad choice.''

I reach over and hug her arm, resting my head on her shoulder. She takes a deep breath and continues.

''We talked for a few minutes, then he tried to kiss me. I kissed him back, at first, then he started going further and I tried to stop him, but he wouldn't. He said I'd asked for it, that I wanted it.

''He pushed it until I finally thought to scream. Your father and his friends must have just arrived at the beach, because thirty seconds later he appeared, saw what the guy was trying to do and beat the living shit out him.''

''Mum!'' I gasp. ''You don't swear, ever!''

''I do when you're not around.'' She smiles at me slightly. ''He drove me home, told your grandparents what he'd seen and Dad tried to get me to go to the police. I refused, I just wanted to forget.''

''I'm sorry I made you remember, Mum.''

''Don't be.'' She pats my arm. ''It's good to remember, sometimes. Do you know, that was the night I realised I was falling in love with your father?'' She looks at me slyly out the corner of her eye.

''I'm not likely to fall in love with Bing, Mum, so don't worry about incest.'' I snort and step away.

''Oh, I'm not talking about Bing. I'm talking about the dashing young lad that could barely take his eyes off you as he walked you to the front door last night, despite your brother being there.''

A small sigh escapes me and I sit on the iron-cast bench.

''Alec.''

''I think I know where this is going.'' Mum sits next me.

''He's dangerous, Mum.''

''Dangerous in the way he'd hurt you, or dangerous because he makes my control-freak daughter lose control?'' She raises her eyebrows and I nod, begrudgingly.

''Dangerous because he can break my heart. Dangerous because I'm scared he's already taking it.''

''It doesn't look like he's got breaking your heart on his brain, Lexy. From what I could see he wants to take it, and keep it.''

''He doesn't do keeping hearts, Mum, he takes them and breaks them. Believe me.''

''Have you ever seen him do such a thing?''

''Well, no, but Jen's told me..''

''Jen's told you, are the main words there. So he's broken some hearts in past, so what? If he was around when I was your age I would have let him break my heart. He's a bit of a looker.'' She winks at me and I smile. ''His past is irrelevant, baby. It's the present and the future you should be worried about. Don't think about what he did before he met you, that doesn't matter. Sometimes in life you meet one person that changes the way you think, alters your perception of life and nothing else matters apart from them. I call them 'bada bing people'. Maybe you're that person, to him. Maybe you're the one who's changed the way he thinks, altered his perception of life. Maybe, Lexy, his pet name for you is more than a casual name-''

''You've heard that?'' My eyes widen at her.

''Uh, yes, Lexy. Does he even know your real name? Cause all he calls you is Princess - but it ain't the fact he says it, girl, it's the way he says it. And the way Alec says it, I'd place a bet on the fact you're his bada bing person.''

Uncertainty rises in me and for some inexplicable reason I feel tears prick at my eyes. I blink them back and take Mum's hand.

''Thank you,''

She stands. ''Go easy on him, baby. Let him show you who he is, not stories you hear from everyone else. You might be surprised at what you find out.''

''Funny,'' I say quietly, looking out over the Bay. ''He said pretty much the same thing.''

Mum strokes my hair once and goes back inside.

I said to Alec I would drop all the judgement, forget everything I'd been told about him, but can I really do that?

Can I really let myself trust him enough to let him show me?

Maybe I just have to open my heart to him, just a little.

~

''Emily.''

''No, mother.''

''Please, dear.''

''Mother, I am not getting you the Vino. You may have one glass tonight before you go to Bingo. That's all.''

''You're such a spoil sport.''

Mum kisses her cheek. ''Women of your age shouldn't be drinking Vino the way you do.''

''Oh, pish, Em, it's only a few glasses a week.'' Gram waves her hand dismissively.

I shake my head at her and log into Facebook. Both Mum and Gram carry on bickering in their loving way. In two weeks, I've gone from hating the idea of a summer in Lilac Bay to loving it.

Go figure.

I've barely signed in when my chat box pops up.

Princess. What are you doing tonight?

I try to hide my smile.

It's Sunday. TOWIE is on, of course.

''She's talking to her boy,'' Gram says knowingly.

''Shut up,'' I mumble.

''Oh, so you admit he's your boy?'' Her eyes twinkle as I look up at her, and a smile is playing on her rosy pink lips.

''I have no comment,'' I sniff.

Of course. Want some company?

''Emmy, you'll have to watch these two tonight when I'm at Bingo. I remember the trials and tribulations of young love all too well.'' Gram nods at Mum.

Maybe. Gram's going off on one again.

''Mother,'' Mum begins.

''No, no, I can see it in her eyes. Her cheeks are flushed, her eyes are sparkling and she's trying to keep the smile off her face, I'll give her that, but she ain't tryin' hard enough. That's the signs of young love, that is. Why, Em, I remember the same look on your face the night you realised you were in love with Si.''

''Gram,'' I groan.

What about this time?

''I'm just sayin', Lexy girl. You could do worse than Alec Johnson.''

Oh, about how you're my boy and we're in love, apparently. She needs a bucket of cold water over her head.

You could do worse ;)

''She is right, you know, Lexy,'' Mum agrees. ''He's good looking, polite, and rather charming if I might say so.''

Oh, Mum, you have no idea.

Funny, that's what she said.

So we're in love, huh?

According to my Grandmother, yes. It's news to me. Sort of. Maybe.

In that case, I'll see you at half nine.

He signs off before I can dispute it. I sigh.

''Lover boy has signed off,'' Gram announces.

''Do you have a tap on my Facebook account or something?'' I ask her sarcastically.

''Why would I need that? Your emotions are as easy to read as Fifty Shades of Grey was.''

''Oh, Gram. No!'' I shake my head. ''You're in your sixties! Why would you read that?''

''For the love story,'' she says. ''But that's not the point, girl. That boy's getting to you something chronic, believe me. You might not realise it yet, but he is.''

''Okay, can we change the subject?'' I look at Mum. ''She's getting carried away again.''

''Deny it all you like, Lexy girl,'' Gram continues.

''Gram! Please!''

''So he's coming over, then?'' Mum smiles at me.

I hold my hands out in defeat. ''He's coming over at half nine. He likes TOWIE. Who knew, huh?''

''It's not all he likes,'' Gram snickers and gets up. I throw the nearest object at her - a magazine - and she laughs harder. ''I fancy that Alec wants more than a bit of you, Lexy.''

''Uh, okay, mother.'' Mum takes her by the shoulders and directs her to the door. ''Cold shower for you.''

Gram winks at me and shuffles out of the room.

''I'll make sure your father is out of the way tonight.'' Mum smiles and follows Gram out.

Was I born into Cupid's family or something? Because I think someone forgot to give me that memo.

Sheesh.

CHAPTER NINE

ALEXIS

Alec rings the bell at half nine. I let him in kitted out in my Snoopy pyjamas and fluffy slippers.

''Nice pyjamas,'' he chuckles.

I give him a playful shove into the front room and flick on the TV.

''There's still half an hour until TOWIE,'' I say.

''I know. I want half an hour of your attention before you start drooling over Joey Essex or Ricky.''

I roll my eyes. ''I don't drool.''

''Huh.'' He scratches his chin and I sit down next to him. ''You could of fooled me. You looked like you were drooling the first time you saw these babies.'' He pats his stomach and a small laugh bubbles out of me.

''I think you need to go to Specsavers.''

''Really? So you weren't drooling?'' He raises his eyebrows.

I shake my head firmly. ''Nope, no drooling.''

''Then it's you that needs to go to Specsavers.'' He grins.

I bring my legs up and kick him playfully. He grabs them, setting them on his lap. He examines my slippers.

''Bunny slippers?''

''Hey, they're comfy, don't judge.'' I glare at him and he holds his hands up.

''No judging, Princess. They're cute, a bit like you.''

''Cute? Alec, I don't think I've ever been called cute in my whole life.''

''Bet no one called you Princess till you met me either, did they?''

''No...''

''Then I'm the first.'' He winks.

The first for more than you know, it appears.

He gives me a look like he knows what I'm thinking and turns his attention to the TV.

''So..'' I say in an attempt to break the silence.

''So your Gram is pretty set on the idea of me and you.''

His comment takes me by surprise.

''Yeah, seems that way.''

''She ain't the only one,'' I think he mutters, but I can't be sure.

I think it's best to drop that subject before we reach uncharted territory. I'm so not ready for that conversation when I'm not even sure how I feel.

Sure, he makes my body go crazy, my heart goes into overdrive whenever he's around but I need more. I need to know with every part of me that what I feel is more than attraction.

But, if he keeps rubbing my leg that way, the attraction might just take over and jump on him.

The opening credits for TOWIE come on and pull me from my thoughts. Good.

I don't like the direction they're heading.

We watch it in a comfortable silence, my legs still sitting in his lap, his fingers tracing lazy circles on my thigh.

''I better head home,'' he says softly and looks into my eyes. I'm almost asleep, my head resting against the back of the sofa, close to his shoulder. I nod sleepily.

''Did you come here just to watch TOWIE with me?'' I ask.

''No.'' He picks up a piece of my hair and fingers it. ''I came here just to see you.''

My lips curl upwards before I can stop them, and something inside my chest blooms. I yawn.

''Go to bed, Princess.'' He runs a finger down my cheek. ''You need to get some sleep.''

I nod again and smile at him. He sighs and wraps an arm around my shoulders, pulling me closer to him. My head rests on his shoulder and his other arm snakes around me. I'm encased in his arms, and I don't care.

Fighting it seems futile in my half-sleeping state. One of my arms stretches across his body and he presses his face into the crook of my neck.

''What are you doing to me, Princess?'' he whispers softly and kisses my neck.

I shiver and close my eyes.

A part of me could stay here in his arms, forever. A part of me that's steadily growing.

''Driving you crazy?'' I offer lazily.

''Mmm,'' he agrees. ''Something like that.''

I smile against his skin and he holds me tighter for a second.

''Am I doing well with proving to you I'm not what you think?''

''Not bad,'' I whisper in a rare moment of softness. ''You're getting there.''

''You're hard to understand, you know that?'' He whispers back. ''I never seem to know what you're thinking, and it drives me mad.''

''Keeps you coming back for more, though.'' I yawn again.

''You don't need to do that to keep me coming back. You really do need to go to bed. Come here.'' He moves and helps me stand. I rub at my eyes and open the front door.

''I had a nice evening.'' I smile up at him.

''Me too,'' he whispers and stops right in front of me.

My breath catches as his eyes meet mine. He raises a hand to my face and strokes my cheek with his thumb. It's like I'm frozen in place.

I want him to kiss me.

No, I don't.

Yes, I do.

''Get your hands off my sister, boy,'' Bing jokes and slaps Alec's shoulder. ''She bites, ya know.''

Alec drops his hand and laughs. I punch my brother's arm as he passes me. He runs backwards up the stairs and pokes his tongue out. I smirk at him. He's such an idiot.

''I want you in bed in two minutes, young lady,'' Bing imitates Dad's voice from the top of the stairs.

''Get lost,'' I shout through my laughter at him.

''My thoughts exactly, Lexy!'' I hear Dad call down.

I put my face in my hands and laugh. Crazy, crazy family.

Alec is smiling at me when I drop my hands.

''I'll leave you to it before your brother beats me,'' he chuckles softly.

''Probably best,'' I agree.

He steps outside then turns back to me.

''Princess?''

''Hm?'' I look at him absently.

''I'm ready when you are.'' He walks backwards to his Jeep and I watch him go.

I don't know what else to do.

ALEC

I'm undecided if there's anything cuter than Alexis Edwards, city girl extraordinaire in Snoopy pyjamas. Really. Especially when the bottoms are flowery, and there's bunny slippers on her feet.

Yep. She's done something to my brain alright.

I smirk at my thoughts as I drive away, remembering how close I came to kissing her tonight. Again. But it's always close, never quite there.

Why? There's nothing I want more than to hold her head still with her lips against mine and let her feel how much I want her. I'm starting to lose my patience with myself.

I have to kiss this girl.

Preferably sometime last week.

Mum's pottering around the kitchen when I get back, still dressed in her clothes from the day. It doesn't phase me anymore, it's just a part of life. Cleaning is her therapy, what surfing is to me.

''So, who is she?'' Mum turns her bright blue, knowing eyes on me.

''What do you mean?''

''The girl that's got you all in a tizzy flap. I never thought it would happen, but it looks like it has.''

She sees far too much that should be kept invisible.

''Who says there's a girl?''

She barks out a laugh and pats my shoulder. ''Oh, honey. No one needs to say it. You've got stars in your eyes so bright they might as well be a galaxy. So, tell Mummy, who is she?''

I smile at her choice of words. ''Well, Mummy, dearest.'' I chuckle. ''There might be a girl.''

''Ain't no might about it, Alec Johnson. Spit it out.''

I mock salute her and she flicks her cloth at me.

''She's called Lexy-''

''And she's Vi's granddaughter.'' Mum snickers. ''Good on that woman. I always knew she was a sneaky old girl. Her granddaughter will do you some good.''

''Gee, thanks, Mum.''

''I'm just sayin', son. You play the field too much. Have ever since..'' She trails off and I sigh.

''I know. I just.. I had to deal with it in my own way - as f**ked up as that way was.''

''Was?'' She raises her eyebrows and I say nothing. ''You're too much like him, and you know what?'' She smiles slyly. ''All he needed was a good girl to settle down with. Just like you do.''

''I'm only nineteen.''

''And? You think you can't find 'The One' at nineteen? I fell in love with your father when I was sixteen. Never loved another, and I never will.''

''You don't think you'll ever move on, Mum? Meet someone else?''

''Oh no, son. Your father is my heart and even in death, he still holds it. I'd never take it back. I don't want it back. Besides, half of it lives in you, and what good to me is a broken heart?''

I stand and walk around the table to her. I hug her softly and she rests her head on my shoulder.

''Don't hold back, Alec. You never know how much time you have with someone and before you know it, it's gonna be too late to tell her how you feel.''

''I don't even know how I feel,'' I say quietly.

''Oh, you do. You just haven't figured it out yet, that's all. Away with ya now, let me finish cleaning up here.'' She wriggles from me and I roll my eyes. ''Don't roll your eyes, Alec.''

''Yes, Mum.'' I laugh and make my way through the kitchen.

''Oh, and Alec?'' she calls after me. ''Bring her over for dinner. I wanna meet her, make sure she's good enough for my boy.'' She winks.

''I will. And she is good enough, she's too good. You'll see that when you meet her.'' For some reason, the thought of Lexy meeting my Mum makes me grin like a lunatic. I don't do the whole 'bringing girls home' bit, so this should be...

Interesting.

~

ALEXIS

''What do you mean, you have nothing to wear?''

''I mean I didn't pack for partying.''

Jen spins around and points her hairbrush at me. ''The city girl doesn't have anything to wear on a night out?''

''Of course I do.'' I sigh. ''They're just all at home, in London. I wasn't expecting to meet up with you again!''

''Well.'' She starts brushing her hair. ''We'll just head into Barnstaple. You should be able to find something there.''

''How will we get there?''

''Bus.'' She shrugs. ''There's a stop right by Cara's Cafe, it'll take us right into the bus station.''

''Okay,'' I say. ''Let's go. When's the next bus?''

Jen checks her phone for the time. ''In about fifteen minutes. If we go now, we'll make it.''

''Sorted.'' I smile and grab my bag. She grabs hers and we leave.

''How are the wedding plans coming?'' I ask her at bus stop.

''Oh my god, do not even mention that damn wedding to me!'' She huffs. ''You think you've seen Bridezilla? Well, nuh-uh.'' She shakes her head vehemently. ''You ain't met Bridezilla until you've met Hannah.''

I grimace slightly. ''That bad?''

''Mmhmm. The roses are wrong, the centrepieces aren't even, what if no-one turns up? What if he doesn't show?'' Jen nearly growls in frustration.

I smile, amused at her tirade. I remember what it's like - when my cousin got married back in February she was an absolute demon.

The bus arrives and we get on and pay our fares. We laugh and joke the whole way into Barnstaple. I find myself looking forward to my birthday with Jen and the guys. Back in London it would have just been a normal weekend, but here?

Here it's something different because they don't do it often, living so far out of town.

''I like this.'' Jen holds up a black, one shoulder dress. It's plain and simple.

''Hmm.'' I finger the gauzy material at the shoulder. ''In the basket. I'll try it on.'' We grin and she puts it in my basket.

''So...'' she begins discreetly, fingering some clothes. ''You and Alec..?''

I muffle my groan. ''I don't know.''

''You're getting there, though?'' She glances at me. ''Like, trusting him.''

''I don't know, Jen.'' I sigh. ''I don't know if I know how to trust him. I do want to, but I don't know if I can.''

''Carl used to be just like Alec, you know.''

''Really?'' I look over at her, surprise splashed across my face.

She nods and holds a top up against her in the mirror. ''It took him ages to convince me to give him a chance. It was a bit rocky at first, but then I realised that he really did only have eyes for me. That was nearly two years ago.'' She puts the top in her basket. ''He looks at other girls - I'm not stupid - but I know that's all he is doing. It's still me he's coming to at the end of the day, and while I know he used to be a bit of a get around, he's completely faithful to me.''

I nod slightly.

''Just like Alec would be to you, if you'd let him,'' she adds.

''I don't know..''

''I do,'' she says firmly. ''I see the way he looks at you, Lexy, and I know I'm a bit crazy with my words sometimes, but he actually would do anything for a chance to prove to you he's worth a shot.''

''I already said I'd give him a chance-''

''But are you?'' She turns and pins me with her blue eyes. ''Are you letting him show you, or are you still trying to control it? Letting yourself see what you want to see? You can't control everything, and matters of the heart are one of those things. The heart wants what the heart wants and you gotta let it have it. Everyone will get hurt at some point, but don't think about that. Think about now. Think about the crazy way he makes you feel right now, cause I know he does make you crazy. Stop focusing on the future. The here and now is what matters, not something that might or might not happen in a week, a month, a year from now. Let him in, Lexy, just once, and you'll see what I do.''

She faces away from me, seemingly done with her rant.

Who knew Jen was so deep? Uh, not me.

But, as always, she's right.

Why does everyone seem to understand my heart better than me?

~

I flick a bit of mud off my knee. "I don't know how you can stand this."

"What? The mud?" Alec looks at me incredulously.

"Uh, no. The flowers." I roll my eyes.

"I'm a country boy, Princess. I'm not afraid to get my hands a little dirty. Devon is all about the farming - you should know that by now."

I make a non-committal noise in the back of my throat and wrinkle my nose at the dirt again.

"You should try it, you might like it."

"What, gardening? No thanks. I'll hold the bag for Grammy, but that's it."

"So let me get this straight." Alec puts the trowel down and looks at me. "You'll try surfing - far more deadly than gardening - yet you won't dig up a little mud?"

I screw up my face. "Surfing is... Water. It's wet. Gardening is dirty."

"Well, shit, you don't say? No wonder you're off to university." Alec rolls his eyes.

I punch his arm.

"You punch like a girl."

"I am a girl!" I punch him again.

He turns to me, a twinkle in his eye. "Oh, I know, Princess."

Before I can reply I'm hit by a handful of mud. I blink in disbelief.

"You did not just do that," I say.

"What you gonna do about it?" Alec taunts.

I stand and move backwards, discreetly grabbing a small flowerpot filled with soil ready to plant in.

"Nothing," I shrug, keeping my eyes downcast.

"Really?" Alec's tone is disbelieving and it's a struggle to keep my face straight but somehow, I'm managing.

"Yeah, nothing. It's childish." I shrug again.

"Mmm." He eyes me carefully before turning back to what he was doing. I step up next to him and glance down.

"Whatcha doing?" I ask casually.

"Planting, what does it look like?" He looks up at me and I whip the plant pot from behind my back, tipping the soil over his head.

He sputters and curses, pinning me with a playful glare. I giggle and walk backwards. He stands up and walks towards me, his eyes housing a predator-like gleam.

"We're even," I bargain. "Even. Alec, Alec."

"Oh no, Princess, we are not even." He shakes his head. "But you might wanna stop, or you're gonna end up over the edge."

Ah, yeah. So I didn't think that part of my plan through very well.

I stop an inch from Gram's fence.

"Don't worry." Alec holds his hands up. "I'm not gonna get you."

I narrow my eyes and rest my hands on Gram's fence. It gives way a little and I wobble.

Alec shoots forward and grabs me in his arms, pulling me back in.

"I won't let you fall," he says softly.

"I'm not afraid of falling," I whisper, my heart pounding from both my near fall and his sudden closeness.

"Depends where you're falling to." His tone matches mine.

I swallow and look up at him. His eyes are fixed on me, emotion showing in them.

"What if you catch me?" I ask in a soft, tentative voice. "Do I have to be afraid then?"

He runs a hand up my arm, my neck, my face, until he's cupping my head.

"No," he replies. "No, Princess. I'll catch you when you fall, and then you'll never have to be afraid of anything again."

My breath hitches and my eyes shut as he dips his face towards mine.

"Lexy, Alec! Dinner.. Oh sugarplum fairies!" I hear Gram call out. "My bad, my bad! Whenever you're um.. Whenever you're ready, kids."

Alec groans softly and I exhale, opening my eyes. I step back from him.

"We should go and get cleaned up." I run my fingers through my hair, shaking mud clumps from it.

"Yeah, I guess." Alec looks at me longingly and I flush.

I clear my throat. "Good old Gram."

"Yeah, she has great timing," Alec rolls his eyes and puts his arm over my shoulders. "As long as she's not around next time I try to kiss you, we'll be good."

Next time?

CHAPTER TEN

ALEXIS

''Fancy going for dinner?'' Alec calls from the side of the road. I lean out of my window.

''With you?''

''No, with the Moomins,'' he shouts back.

''In that case, count me in!'' I laugh. ''Five minutes, okay?''

I pull the window shut and slide my feet into my white pumps. I check my reflection quickly in the mirror and satisfied, I grab my phone and run downstairs.

''I'm going out for dinner. Bye!'' I yell.

''Say hi to lover boy!'' Grammy cackles. I ignore her. Silly woman.

I walk calmly down the pathway, a harsh contrast to my skippy-dance down the stairs. Sheesh. I'm turning into one of those girls. Shoot me. Now.

Alec beams as I get into the car, his dimples out in full force.

''Afternoon,'' he says and pulls away.

''Afternoon. Where are we going?''

''My house.''

I blink. ''Your house?''

''Yep.'' He glances at me. ''No need to seem so scared. I can cook, you know.''

''Good to know.''

''And if I can't, Mum will be there to take over.''

''Wait, wait, WHAT?'' I turn and grip my seat. ''Your mum?''

''Yeah.'' He shrugs. ''She's usually there at dinnertime, you know, family thing?''

''You're taking me to meet your mum?''

''If you wanna put it that way, then yes, but personally I think it sounds a lot better if we said 'dinner at Alec's, and his mum just happens to be there,' don't you agree?''

''Don't try and butter me up, Alec Johnson. You could have warned me,'' I huff.

''Where would the fun be in that, huh?'' He grins playfully and I narrow my eyes, giving his thigh a light backhand.

''You're so mean to me.''

''Oh, yes.'' He rolls his eyes. ''I'm so cruel to you. How can you bear to be in my company?''

''Oh, shut up.'' I laugh and he pulls up outside a small, white house. Little flowers sit on the windowsill in a window box and pots of bright flowers are on either side of the bright red door.

Alec opens my door and gives me his hand. ''Come on. She doesn't bite.''

''I'd hope not,'' I say and climb out. ''I can't believe you coerced me into this. Really.''

''I didn't coerce you into anything.'' He pushes the door open. ''I merely left out a few minor details.''

I glare at him and he shrugs one shoulder, pulling me into a light green living room. Pictures of Alec, a copper haired woman I assume is his Mum, and a dark haired man litter the walls and the mantle above the fire. The cream sofa is dotted with cushions and sitting there elegantly, is the woman from the pictures.

She turns to me with a dazzling smile, bright blue eyes taking me in. Her smile widens and I can't help but smile back as she stands. Her copper hair curls around her shoulder in smooth ringlets and I can see where Alec gets his good looks. His Mum is beautiful.

''You must be Alexis.'' She hugs me. ''I'm Joanne, Alec's Mum. Call me Jo.''

''I am. You can call me Lexy.'' I hug her back gently.

''I've heard so much about you,'' she gushes, gesturing for me to sit.

''Have you?'' I glance at Alec and he puts his hands behind his back, whistling. I smirk.

''Alec, honey, don't you have a meal to cook?'' Jo raises her eyebrows and Alec gives a thumbs up, disappearing into what is presumably the kitchen. Jo turns back to me. ''I'm assuming Alec hasn't told you much about himself, but don't worry, I'm prepared.''

She winks and reaches behind the cushion next to her, extracting a leather bound book.

I grin. ''Baby pictures?''

''Of course, what do you take me for?'' She grins back at me.

''Oh no! No no no not the baby pictures!'' Alec runs back in. ''Mother! You promised!''

''I had my fingers crossed.'' She waves two crossed fingers in his direction. ''Cook, now. You don't want to make a bad impression on Lexy, do you? A girl needs a man who knows his way around the kitchen.'' I blush.

''I thought it was supposed to be a woman in the kitchen?'' Alec teases.

''For that sexist pig comment, son, I'm showing Lexy the mud picture.''

''I'm sorry. I take it back. Please don't,'' he begs. I run my tongue across my top teeth.

''That sounds incriminating.'' I grin and Alec visibly holds his breath.

Jo turns to me, her eyes sparkling. ''He was about, oh, fifteen months, and we'd had a wet few days. He went into the garden to play in the mud - that's okay, really, he's a country boy - but you should know that my boy had a thing for being naked.''

Alec groans and I purse my lips to hold in my laughter.

''He'd pull his clothes off at any opportunity, and he decided he'd go play in the mud starkers. I couldn't find him so assumed he was in the garden. I found a pile of clean clothes at the back door and a naked toddler rolling in a muddy puddle.'' She flicks through the book and shows me a page.

A mini Alec with chubby cheeks and scraps of messy hair covered head to toe in mud stares back at me. Those cheeks. Oh, my.

''You were a cute baby.'' I wink at him.

''I.. Just.. No.'' He shakes his head, throws his arms in the air and goes back into the kitchen. ''I need to cook my balls.''

Both Jo and I do a double-take.

''Excuse me?'' Jo cries and jumps up.

''Meatballs!'' Alec yells. ''Meatballs, guys. I need to cook my meatballs.''

Jo sits back down with her hand on her chest. ''Damn boy.''

I giggle and flick through the pictures. I see one of Alec with singed eyebrows.

''Why do I get the feeling this one has a good story behind it?'' I point to it.

She smiles fondly. ''That's because it does! We were at my parents' house in Exeter and they have an open fire, much like ours. The fire was on because it cold and Alec was about eight. There was a can of aerosol on the side and the little scientist wondered what would happen if he sprayed it on the fire.''

''Oh no.''

''Oh, yes.'' She nods. ''We hear a big bang from the next room, run in, and Alec is stood in front of the fire minus his eyebrows and plus an inch of soot coating his skin. He wasn't hurt - just filthy.''

I giggle again. ''Sounds like he was quite the mischief maker.''

''Was? He is. We need to watch him cook in the kitchen so he doesn't accost us with super hot chilli powder.''

''He hasn't?'' I gasp.

''He has,'' she says solemnly and I follow her into the kitchen.

ALEC

I curse the onion as my eyes pour with tears and turn away, rubbing them clear with my sleeves. I spot two blurry figures.

''Crying, dear?'' Mum says and pours two glasses of wine from the bottle in the fridge.

''She's under-age,'' I tease, drying my cheeks.

''Oh, for like, seven hours.'' Lexy rolls her eyes. ''Sheesh.''

''No such thing as under-age,'' Mum says nonchalantly and hands Lexy a full glass. ''Not in my house.''

Lexy accepts the glass with a grateful thank you and they both sit at the table.

''You can't tell, you know,'' Lexy says, studying me. I turn back to the chopping board.

''Can't tell what?'' I dump the onion, pepper and garlic into the pan with the meatballs and the sauce.

''That you burnt your eyebrows off.''

''Mum.'' I freeze. ''You didn't.'' No-one says anything. I stir the food once and glance over my shoulder. ''Mum?''

''I have no intentions of saying anything on the grounds I may incriminate myself.''

''The evidence against you is pretty damning,'' I remind her.

''Evidence is not an admission of guilt,'' she giggles and she clinks her glass with Lexy's.

''I'm done for.'' I turn back to the cooker. ''Now they've teamed up. Fifteen minutes and they're drinking wine and embarrassing me. I should just go and join a monastery.''

''Ha!'' Mum cries. ''You? A monk? That's about as likely as oranges turning bright pink.''

I roll my eyes. She's crazy, but she's all I've got. I look back over at the table and see the brown haired girl smiling and laughing with her.

No, I'm wrong.

I have Lexy now, too.

~

''I can't believe you actually cooked this,'' Lexy says when she's put her fork down. ''It was pretty good.''

''Minus the spaghetti mishap,'' yes, I burned the spaghetti, ''I'd say I did okay.''

''And calling the meatballs your balls,'' Mum adds. ''You and mixing up your words. It's not the first time, is it?''

I know where this is going, and I feel the sting as it spreads outwards from my heart. ''Yeah, yeah, I remember.''

Lexy looks between us and I know she can sense the mood shift. ''Should I ask?''

''You can always ask,'' Mum says. ''It's one of the best stories, in fact.'' She laughs softly. ''When Alec was seven, his Dad took him fishing. Steve preferred a bait called 'Power Bait'. He planned for Alec to use worms on his kiddie fishing rod but Alec wanted some 'Masturbate.'''

I rub my chin and smile at the memory. Lexy smiles softly.

''We tried not to laugh, but we couldn't help it. Photography is one of my passions so I was there with them to document their trip. Anyway, after a couple of hours of Alec's continuous masturbate requests he finally caught a fish. He had no idea what it was and when he asked Steve, Steve said 'it's a chub, buddy. Well done.' Alec, still innocent, jumped up and down screaming 'Daddy! Mummy! I used masturbate and caught my first chub!''' Mum's eyes fill with tears and she blinks them away.

I can't take it. I can't listen to him be talked about.

''Excuse me.'' I stand and walk into the back garden, the night settling onto me.

ALEXIS

I watch Alec go, his slumped shoulders, the pain in his eyes.

''Did we say something wrong?'' I ask Jo, noticing she's trying not to cry. I touch her hand.

''No, no, honey we didn't.'' She sniffs and I squeeze her hand. ''He really hasn't told you much about himself, has he?''

''Apparently not,'' I say softly.

''Steve - Alec's Dad - died three years ago in a car crash. He'd been to Bristol for a meeting and took the back roads to save getting caught in traffic. It was raining and pretty dark. Some younger guy came speeding round the corner and hit him head first. He died on impact.'' She breathes in deeply and I can feel the pain as it encompasses her. ''It's our only comfort, that he didn't feel any pain. Alec didn't know how to cope. He'd lost his best friend, his idol, his hero. He was sixteen and they were supposed to go on one of their fishing trips the next day. Alec lost it. He didn't deal with his pain. He buried it deep inside him and became the very thing his Dad would have hated. Drinking, womanising.''

''He wanted to forget,'' I look out the window at him, his hands in his pockets, leaning against a tree.

''He needs you,'' Jo says suddenly and my eyes settle on her again. ''He might not admit it, but he needs you. He's never brought a girl home to meet me before. When I suggested it I thought he'd say no, but he couldn't have been happier. You're good for him.'' She nods and squeezes my hand. ''He needs you more than he'll ever admit to himself. I know he's not perfect and he's not the ideal guy for you to fall in love with, but he's my boy. I see how he looks at you, and you ain't like the others, Lexy. You're one of a kind.''

His bada bing person.

''Thank you, for sharing that with me.'' I smile sadly. ''I know how hard that would have been.''

''Have you ever lost anyone, Lexy?'' We both stand and Jo looks at me with heartbroken eyes. ''Have you ever lost someone you would have given anything to save?''

''My granddad.'' I nod and look out the window again. ''If I could, I'd swap places.''

''Then you know the pain Alec is feeling. Go to him. Trust him enough to know he believes in the idea of you two.'' She nods once. ''It's in his eyes. Look hard enough, and you'll see it. Look hard enough and you'll see your future.''

I'm starting to see it.

''He needs you now, so you go to him.''

''Will you be okay?'' I ask.

''Honey, I've got endless photos, our song and his jumper. I'll always be okay.'' She disappears around the corner and I make my way outside, to Alec.

ALEC

"Alec, I'm sorry."

The pain of losing my father still cuts like a knife. It's a sharp stab whenever I remember; but as I look down at the large, compassionate brown eyes staring up at me, the pain softens. The edges blur and for the first time in three years, it's almost bearable. She makes it bearable just by being here.

"Don't be sorry, Princess." I trace her mouth with my thumb, the pad of it gently brushing the softness of her lips. "There are some things you can't change and death is one of them. It was his time to go and while I'm not necessarily okay with it, I've accepted it. I'd like to think that wherever he is, he's proud of me."

She closes her hands round mine and rubs the back of my hand softly, soothing the sting. "I am sorry. I'm sorry because it hurts you." She pauses. ''And I'm sure he is. It'd be hard not to be proud of you, Alec. He's still here, watching. I don't think they ever leave. I'd like to think they don't."

She laces our fingers and pulls me towards the big tree in the garden. She tilts her head back and looks at the sky.

"My grandpa was always the star in my life. He and Grammy together.. It was like watching love in a solid form. They were love personified. You could see it in their eyes, their smile, their touch. But I was his girl. We always played pranks and got up to mischief together. He taught me everything I know about water balloon throwing and whoopee cushion positioning. I remember when he died. I was 9 and I thought my world had ended."

I know that feeling. I remember it. I squeeze her hand softly.

"And then I decided that since he was my star in life he could be in death too. So that night I went into the garden, found a constellation and picked a star. Every time I see it I think of him. It keeps him close." She turns her face towards me. "Do it. I can see Orion. If you pick one by a constellation you'll never lose it. Pick your Dad a star."

My lips twitch as I consider it equally the cutest and stupidest thing I'm ever gonna do. But I will do it, simply because I'm powerless to deny her anything.

"Okay." I look upwards and find Orion's belt. Just to the right of it is a lone star, a beacon of hope and memories in the everlasting night.

Just like my Dad was.

"That one." I point it out and she smiles.

"Good choice. Now he'll always be with you, watching you."

"Not during the day." I smile.

"Oh, Alec." She shakes her head.

"What?"

"Just because you can't see something doesn't mean it isn't there. It's just waiting for the right time to show itself," she says softly, too softly, and I wonder if she's included herself in that statement.

I tuck some hair behind her ear and she wraps her arms round my waist, hugging me tightly.

"Thank you," I whisper, burying my face into her neck.

I hold her close to me under the stars, just silence, just us. I let her hug away the pain that comes with the memories of the greatest man I've ever known and I let her make it better in a way only she can.

This, this he would be proud of. He always said to fight for what you believe in, to never give up and never forget why you believe in the first place. For the first time I can honestly say I'm following his advice.

I believe in Lexy. I believe in us. And I'll always fight for it.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

ALEXIS

Thursday dawns. The day of my eighteenth birthday. I wake with a smile and roll over, automatically feeling under my pillow for my phone. The display reads I have a few text messages. I scroll through the ones from my friends in London wishing me a happy birthday, smile at the ones from Carl and Jen, open Alec's.

Happy birthday, Princess. Xx

The message says it was sent at midnight. He stayed up til midnight just to wish me a happy birthday? Wow. I say as much to him in a reply.

He texts back almost instantly.

Good morning, Sleeping Beauty. And yes, I did stay up until midnight just to wish you happy birthday. I wanted to be the first. Can't wait to see your face later. Xx

I sigh happily and shake my head into the pillow. I give myself a moment to bask in the warmth of the feeling spreading through my body before climbing out of bed.

My nose twitches. I smell bacon, and eggs, and toast. My stomach rumbles a protest at my dawdling and I make my way downstairs, towards the glorious smell.

''Happy birthday!'' Grammy shrieks at me the second I step into the doorway. She wraps me in one of her world-famous hugs, rocking me side to side enthusiastically.

''Uh, thanks, Grammy.'' I laugh and hug her back.

''Oh, you're all grown up.'' She sniffs and wipes a mock tear from her eye. I snort slightly at her theatrics.

''Happy birthday, baby.'' Mum cups my face and kisses my forehead. Tears are glistening in her eyes and in a spur of the moment, I grab her and hug her tightly. She sighs into my ear and squeezes me.

''Baby girl, you're all grown up now. Do you know what that means?'' Dad tries for stern but his proud smile gives him away.

''Yep.'' I grin. ''I can finally do everything you've been telling me not to for the last year.'' I hug him.

''Like that ever stopped you before.'' Bing ruffles my hair and snatches a piece of bacon from the side. Gram slaps his hand.

''Fine.'' I poke my tongue out. ''I can do it legally.''

He laughs. ''Happy birthday, sprog.''

''Thanks, Bing.'' I smile at him and he winks.

''Sit down, sit down!'' Grammy flaps her hands at us. ''Oh fudge, where are my darn oven gloves?''

''On the oven door,'' we all say simultaneously.

''Thanks, dears.'' She picks them up and brings out a large platter full of food. Hash browns, sausages, mushrooms, grilled tomatoes, more bacon. She's certainly been busy this morning.

I sit at the table and notice the pink balloons floating on the ceiling. Cards and presents sit on the floor slightly to the side and I look at my family gratefully.

We might not be the most functional family in history - but it's my family. Any ill feelings I had towards my parents about bringing me here for the summer have disappeared. I know why they did it now. They wanted me away from the city for a while, because you find yourself in the most unexpected places.

''Eat up, and Bing, leave some for everyone else!'' Grammy frowns at him across the table.

He puts his hands up innocently, chewing on a large piece of whatever-it-was he put in his mouth while I was having my inner monologue.

''But it's so good,'' he mumbles through his food.

''Samuel!'' Mum admonishes. ''Do not speak with your mouth full!''

Here come the manners. Even at a birthday breakfast, proper etiquette is demanded at all times.

I have the best Mum, ever.

''Chill, Mum.'' Bing winks and swallows his food. ''You always say not to ignore someone when they speak to you, and Gram was speaking to me.''

''In the case of a full mouth, you put a hand up politely for them to give you a moment, swallow your food and then you reply.'' Mum starts cutting her food.

''Well, oooookay.'' Bing looks at the ceiling. ''If you say so, Mum.''

''Em, can't you see the boy's winding you up?'' Dad snickers.

Mum levels a glare on Dad and points her fork in his direction. ''Do not encourage him, Simon.''

''Mum?'' I ask tentatively.

''Yes, Lexy?'' She turns to me, a smile on her face.

I poke her arm. ''Get your elbow off the table. It's not polite.''

Everyone laughs and she drops her elbow from the table, smiling at me. I grin back and make a start on my breakfast.

''You taught them well, Emmy,'' Gram comments, chewing her food.

''Mother!'' Mum looks at her horrified.

Grammy swallows her food and raises her eyebrows. ''Hey, sugarpie, I made the rules. I get to break them.''

She winks at me and Bing. Bing leans over and high fives her.

''Damn, Grammy, you're one of a kind.'' He shakes his head.

''Well, of course I am,'' she bristles. ''You think there's another sixty-eight year old woman in this village as beautiful as me? Don't be daft, Bing.''

''I dunno..'' He looks at me, a playful twinkle in his eye. ''I saw that Mabel yesterday, and phwoar, she's one hot GILF.''

I snort and cover my mouth with my hand. Oh, hell.

''GILF?'' Grammy looks at us. ''What is a GILF?''

Mum's eyes widen and Dad looks on, more interested and amused than he probably should be.

''It's a Grandma I'd Like To F-''

''That's enough, thank you, Samuel.'' Mum interrupts him. ''I'm sure your grandmother can work out the last word on her own.''

We all fall silent, looking at Gram. Her eyes are narrowed thoughtfully. She turns to Bing.

''Well, dear, you should probably know about her varicose veins before you decide to make like a rabbit with Mabel.''

We all explode in laughter. Only Grammy.

~

''Ready?'' Alec appears at my bedroom door, spinning his keys around his finger.

''Please, come on in,'' I say sarcastically and roll my eyes.

''Oh, I will.'' He grins and looks around. ''Nice room.''

''Thanks.'' I smile at him. ''Gram did it before we came down.''

He nods. ''She sent me up. Said I have to take you out this afternoon.''

''Mmm, she said you were coming over.''

''Judging by the Kindle attached to your hands, I'm guessing you're not impressed by the idea?'' He raises his eyebrows.

''It's not the idea I'm not impressed by, I'm waiting to hear your plan for the day,'' I challenge.

''Hmm, okay.'' He leans against the door frame, hooking his thumb in a belt loop. ''It's still early so.. How about we go for ice-cream at Cara's, then I'll drive us up to Ilfracombe and we can go around the aquarium then grab chips and curry sauce to eat on the beach. After that we can go into the arcade.''

I look up at him in amazement and put my Kindle down. He's just described the perfect day, with all of my favourite things. He smiles at me slowly.

''Surprised, Princess?''

''A little,'' I admit, tilting my head to the side. ''Why are you doing this?''

''Because.'' He steps towards me and takes my hands, pulling me up. ''It's your birthday. And someone as amazing as you deserves an amazing day filled with all of her favourite things.''

I tilt my head up and look at him. He's still holding my hands.

''How did you know they're all my favourite things?'' I ask quietly, still amazed.

''Because, Princess, I listen to you, even when you think I'm not. I listen to the little things because I know it's the little things that make you happy, and you definitely deserve to be happy on your birthday.'' He winks and his dimples appear. ''So get your stuff together, 'cause we're going in five minutes.''

He spins me round by my shoulders and I quickly gather my stuff together.

''Alec?'' I put a hand on his back and he looks down at me beside me. ''Thank you.''

''The day hasn't started yet.''

''I know, but thank you for even planning it,'' I say honestly. ''It's the nicest thing anyone's ever done for me, as cliche as that is.''

''Good.'' He takes my hand and links our fingers.

''And I might be a little glad I get to spend it with you,'' I whisper.

''Even better,'' he whispers back and kisses my knuckles. ''Come on, or your Gram will start getting crazy ideas about what the two of us are doing up here. She'll send Bing up and I don't fancy being on the end of his right hook.''

I laugh a little and take my hand from his.

''Hey!'' He reaches for me again and I skip out the door.

''Big brothers don't approve of that, either!'' I laugh.

''Big brothers don't approve of what?'' Bing asks, watching us come down the stairs.

''Touching sister stuff.'' I giggle and kiss Bing's cheek. ''Don't cause any trouble while I'm out.''

''Hey,'' he jabs me in the arm. ''You're the one who's just turned eighteen. You stay out of trouble. I'm responsible.''

''Okay, Bing.'' I wink at him and open the door. ''Bye, Mum, Dad, Gram!''

''Have fun, kids!'' Gram claps her hands excitedly and I give her a look. She winks.

Everyone appears to be winking today.

Alec opens the door of his Jeep for me and I get in, putting my bag by my feet.

''Did you say ice-cream, first?'' I grin.

''Of course.'' He grins back. ''Cara's. Would I take you anywhere else?''

''Hmm, I dunno.'' I lean back in the seat. ''You're unpredictable.''

''Is that a good thing?''

''I'm not sure,'' I say honestly. ''I never know what you're going to do next.''

He glances at me out of the corner of his eye. ''And you think I know what you're going to do? You play your cards so close to your chest they're practically a part of your skin.''

I smirk. ''Best way.''

''So you had no idea I was taking you out today?'' Alec raises his eyebrows.

''Nope, all Gram said was that you were coming over.''

He pulls up outside Cara's and smiles. ''Ice cream, Princess?''

~

Alec pays our fare at the counter in the aquarium and I'm almost bouncing in excitement. This was always my favourite place as a young girl, especially the Lundy Island Exhibit.

''Come on then, birthday girl.'' Alec holds the door open for me and I go through it, walking into the Source Exhibition.

The idea behind the aquarium is a journey from the Source in Exmoor to the Atlantic Ocean. The fish in the Source exhibit are all small, brownish fish. I guess that's so they can blend in.

I don't know. I've never been one for the information cards.

I practically pass right through the River and Estuary exhibits, going straight to the Rockpool one. I see starfish, hermit crabs, prawns and a small anemone called a Beadlet Anemone.

''I've caught one of those before.'' I point to the hermit crab.

''With Jen?'' Alec comes up behind me and looks over my shoulder. I nod.

''That was how we met. She stole my hermit crab and gave me a fish. It was a bit of an unfair exchange, now I think about it.'' I tilt my head to the side and accidentally rest it against Alec's. He puts one hand on my waist before I have a chance to move.

I realise I don't really want to move. Not much, anyway.

''She definitely got the better end of the deal with that one,'' he agrees.

''Bing scared her with a prawn though.'' I giggle slightly. ''He thought I was upset. I was just happy to make a friend.''

Alec chuckles. ''How old were you?''

''Tender old age of five.'' I shrug. ''She gave the crab back though. She still holds a grudge against Bing because of the prawn thing.''

''Ahh, I see why she's so sarcastic towards him. Well, more than she usually is.'' He amends and I grin, moving along. Alec keeps his hand resting on my waist as we walk into the next section.

''I've caught one of those.'' He points to the sea bass.

''Are we sharing our catches now?'' I laugh.

''Hmm, no.'' He rests his chin on my shoulder. ''Because nothing you've ever caught could beat what I've caught.''

''Wanna bet?'' I try to move my head so he can see my disbelieving face.

''Go on, then, tell me what you've caught.''

I tap my chin as I think.

''I've caught a lobster,'' I say and he shakes his head. ''One of those little octopuses?'' He shakes his head again. ''I don't know then.''

I give in.

''They definitely don't beat my best catch.'' He wraps his other arm around my waist.

''Go on, then, enlighten me.'' I smile. ''What's your best catch?''

He nudges my hair away from my ear with his nose.

''I'm holding it right now. I just need to reel her in.''

I smile and shake my head. ''Smooth.''

He raises his head and grins at me. ''That was pretty good, huh?''

I look up at him. ''Better than that crappy Disney princess reference you made before.''

He grimaces. ''Yeah, that wasn't my best.''

''It was kinda sweet. In a dorky way.'' I start walking again and he releases me, resting one arm over my shoulders. I pat his hand and he snatches it, linking our fingers.

The next - and last - exhibit is the Lundy Island one. They have an amazing marine reserve just off the island, and I've always loved seeing the fish in the aquarium.

''I'd love to go to Lundy.''

''Haven't you been?'' Alec looks at me like I'm crazy.

''Yeah, to the island,'' I explain. ''But I've never done the snorkelling. I've always wanted to, but Mum said I was too young before. I guess I could do it this summer at some point.''

Alec nods. ''I'll take you. How are you on boats?''

I wrinkle my nose. ''Not great, but I can manage it.''

''You're cute when you do that.'' He taps my nose and I fake a glare at him. ''We'll go one day next week. Promise. My friend has a small boat docked at the harbour and he'll take us over.''

''He won't mind?'' I look at him in shock.

''No, he does the food runs back here to the mainland. He actually lives on Lundy - one of like thirty people that do - and he's always happy to come back and save us paying the prices they charge for something he'll do for the cost of a pint or two.''

I smile. ''That'd be amazing.''

He squeezes my shoulders. ''Anything for you, Princess.''

I'm starting to think he's right.

He's gone out of his way to spend the day with me, doing my favourite things with me just to make my birthday special. Now, he's planning a trip to Lundy just so I can snorkel. I have no doubt he'd fly to Africa to get me a fresh mango or a pet monkey if I asked him to.

I have no doubt..

Jen was right. He's doing this to prove to me he's worth a chance, worth the risk. He's doing it to prove to me that I'm not like the other girls in the past. That he wants more than one night.

The thought trickles over me slowly, slowly peeling away the film over my eyes that's been there when I've looked at him before. A layer is stripped from my heart as I look up at him. He glances down at me and I see how happy he is.

Alec's happy because I'm happy.

It's a surreal feeling, knowing I've made him so happy through my own happiness. He really did do all of this for me, to make my birthday perfect.

I'm not completely ready to trust him fully. I know that. But, I am ready to give him what little I have.

I lean my head against his shoulder as we leave the aquarium, my body curling into his slightly. I let my arm slip around his waist and he pulls me towards him. His lips press against the top of my head in a soft kiss.

Without my stubborn layer hiding it, I'm struck by how right it feels.

ALEC

Her body curls to mine and I press my lips to the top of her head. Her hair still smells of strawberries and I squeeze her hand and smile to myself.

If all it took was a trip to the aquarium to get her to trust me, I should have done this weeks ago.

''Where to now?'' I ask her as we stroll along casually.

''Mmm, I'm pretty sure chips were mentioned this morning.'' Lexy licks her lips and I'm momentarily distracted by the movement of her tongue.

''Hello? Alec?'' Her lips curve in a smile and I blink.

''Sorry, Princess. What did you say?''

''I said, I'm hungry.'' She laughs quietly.

''Well then. We'll feed you.'' I grin and wink at her. She shakes her head and I turn us in the direction of the chip shop. It feels natural, walking with her so close and buying her food like she's actually mine.

She is. Almost.

Her stomach rumbles and she blushes.

''Honestly, you'd think you never ate.'' I roll my eyes and she pokes my side with the hand resting on my waist. ''Oi.'' I lift our hands and poke her head.

''Stop it!'' She squeals and turns, her chest pressing against mine. She looks up at me and her eyes are wide. Not shocked wide or scared wide. Just.. An amazed kind of wide.

''What?'' I smile slightly.

''Nothing. Everything. I don't know,'' she mumbles.

''Lack of food is making you delirious, Princess,'' I whisper and push open the door of the shop.

I order our food and try to ignore the little side glances she gives me as we wait. It's not easy. I can see it in her eyes - it's like she's really seeing me for the first time.

I take our chips from the counter and she grabs the curry sauce and forks.

''I love these little forks.'' She examines one thoughtfully as we make our way down onto the beach.

''How? Why?'' I double-take.

''They're kinda cute, and good for poking people too.'' She pricks me in the arm and giggles.

I glare at her playfully and she gives me a butter wouldn't melt smile.

''Sit, before I toss you in the sea,'' I order and hand her her food.

''Are you coming in with me?'' She tilts her head to the side. '''Cause if you are, then toss away.''

ALEXIS

Did I just say that? Holy crap, I did.

Why did I say that? Oh god.

Alec stops unwrapping his chips and looks at me like he can't quite believe what I said. I can't either.

''Did someone give you alcohol this morning, Princess?'' He smirks.

''Um, no. Why would they?'' I stab a chip and dip it in curry sauce, bringing it to my mouth.

''Because you're awfully..'' He stops and his gaze flickers to my lips, pausing there as they close around the chip. ''Open.''

He clears his throat and I shrug. ''Dunno. Maybe Grammy mistook the vodka for oil when she cooked this morning.''

''Yeah, maybe.''

We eat in silence but I'm aware of how close we are. I can feel the heat emanating from his body and I lean into his arm. He puts it round my waist and still, we don't say a word until we finish eating.

''Better?'' His lips brush my forehead as he speaks.

''Much,'' I reply, just as quiet.

''Good.'' He takes the rubbish and puts it in one of the bins nearby. I know, bins on a beach.

''I'm gonna take a walk.'' I stand and slip my shoes off. ''I haven't been here in so long.''

''Hang on then.'' He slides his trainers off and we leave them by the rocks.

Sand flows around my feet as I walk up to the water. Tiny waves are licking at the beach tentatively as if they're deciding whether or not to climb up it.

I relate to them as my fingers brush Alec's hand in a perpetual state of indecision.

''You're doing it again,'' he comments softly.

''Doing what?'' I look at him.

''You have these moments where you kinda drift off.. Like you're getting lost inside your own head.'' He stops in front of me and his fingers run through my hair on both sides of my head. ''Where do you go?''

''I don't know.'' I rest my hand on his arm. ''Sometimes, I'm just remembering. Other times I'm trying to make sense of my thoughts.''

''Which was it this time?''

Blue grey eyes sear into mine, holding me trapped. ''Making sense of my thoughts. Sometimes.. Sometimes I just wish they'd go away.''

''I can help with that,'' he whispers and his lips touch mine gently.

My heart stops and my eyes close with the second brush of his mouth. My hands slide up his arms to his shoulders and he steps closer, pressing our bodies together. His lips are warm and soft against mine, moving in a comforting caress. The ends of his hair at his collar tickle my fingers as they touch his neck. His hands slip to the small of my back, his touch searing even through the material separating us.

Him. Alec. Nothing, no one, nowhere. Thoughts are irrelevant compared to this touch, this reality.

''I'm sorry,'' he whispers in my ear. ''I just.. I couldn't help myself.''

''Don't be sorry,'' I say, leaning my forehead against his shoulder. ''Don't be sorry. Alec..''

''I know, Princess,'' he says sadly. ''I know. Nothing else. For now.''

~

The blue of Alec's shirt makes the blue in his eyes stand out even more. They're like a beacon to me, demanding my attention.

"I don't know if I've met anyone like you." Alec twirls the straw between his fingers and looks at me intently.

"Of course you haven't." I smirk. "I'm one of a kind."

"You're right about that," he says softly and I meet his eyes for a second.

"When will Jen be here?" I say, looking towards the door.

I need to break eye contact. If I look at him for much longer I'll jump over the damn table between us and kiss him senseless.

I flush at my own thoughts. Sheesh. Can I get some ice with this drink?

One kiss today is enough.

"She said ten minutes twenty minutes ago," he replies. "So you're looking at another ten."

I inwardly groan. "Great," I mutter.

"Anyone would think you're still not totally comfortable being alone with me, despite the fact we've just spent the day together. Closely, too," Alec says casually, finishing the rest of his drink. "Another?"

He picks up my empty glass and heads towards the bar. I can't help but watch him go.

And admire his behind.

A lot.

Nice.

He comes back a few minutes later, a rose wine in one hand and a pint in the other.

"What makes you think I still don't wanna be alone with you?" I ask, taking my drink from him. My fingers graze his as he hands it over.

"The way you look for Jen after oh, twenty minutes." He raises an eyebrow.

"That's so not true." I protest and shake my head.

"Isn't it?"

"Nope." I sip my drink and the alcohol settles warmly in my stomach.

God knows I can do with some Dutch courage, the way this conversation is heading. I know I've shown him some trust - more than I wanted to. But there's only so far I can go in one day.

"Then why are you always so anxious for her to get here? You were fine earlier," he questions.

"I like spending time with her. It's been a long time." And I'm scared if I'm alone with you for much longer I'll completely break.

"I'm not gonna jump the table and kiss you, Lexy." He smiles slowly and it makes him even sexier. "Unless you want me to, of course."

Oh, but isn't that the problem?

"Not at all," I lie smoothly. "You're fine where you are, Alec."

He quirks an eyebrow and lifts his drink as I see Jen skip into the pub.

"Happy birthdaaay beautifullllll!" She sings and wraps her arms around me. I return her hug, ignoring the looks from people around us.

"Happy birthday, Lexy." Carl winks at me and kisses my cheek.

"Thanks, guys." I beam up at them and Jen sends Carl to the bar as she takes a seat next to me.

"Ready to party on?" She nudges me.

"Oh hell yeah!" I laugh.

Carl approaches the table carrying a tray with four shots and four drinks.

"Know the bartender." He winks at me.

"Oh hell no," Alec bursts, eyeing the shots. "No way."

I pick up one and sniff it. The strong smell of liquorice embraces me and I smirk at him.

"Not afraid of a little Sambuca, are you, Alec?" I taunt him.

"That stuff is lethal." He frowns.

"Aw, can't likkle baby Alec handle his 'buca?" Jen teases in a baby voice, picking up her shot glass.

"Man up, dude." Carl slugs him in the arm and hands him the shot which Alec takes, reluctantly.

"To Lexy, and finally being legal!" Carl says loudly and we all chuck the shots back.

The spirit burns the back of my throat and I click my tongue.

Alec screws his face up and shakes his head as he gets an all over body shiver. He takes a long slug of his pint and I laugh.

He narrows his eyes at me playfully. "Shut it, Miss Barely Legal."

"Ohhh, pulling out the big guns, are we?" I grin cheekily. "You still owe me a drinking challenge." I glance at Carl. "You both do."

Carl holds his hands up. "We do. Tomorrow night?"

"What's happening tomorrow night?" I look at everyone.

"Beach party," Jen answers.

"On the Bay?"

"Yep." She smiles at me.

I hesitate. Alec notices and takes my hand in his.

''You'll be fine.'' He looks straight into my eyes. ''I promise I won't let anyone come near you.''

I nod at him and look at both of the guys. "In that case, you're on, boys."

"Sure you can handle it?" Carl winks.

Alec makes eye contact with me again and I look into the eyes that have kept me up at night.

"I can handle anything you throw at me."

CHAPTER TWELVE

ALEXIS

Sometimes, you don't know what to expect from a day. Sometimes you wake up with a clear plan. Sometimes, a spanner gets thrown in the works so you're back to not expecting.

I definitely don't know what to expect from today.

Something has changed between me and Alec after yesterday. I don't know if it's far enough to say I'm ready to throw myself into his arms and beg for forever, but the defining line has been smudged by his kiss. Obviously smudged.

And I'm not likely to beg forever, but you get it. Whatever it is, it's got a smile on my face, despite the looming beach party. Bing is insisting on coming - of course he is - but I don't want to go. I have no doubt that if James is there and so much as looks my way he'll get another black eye, but I don't really want to go down that route.

And that's why I'm dawdling.

That's why I conveniently can't find anything to wear. It's also why my mascara has conveniently gone missing. Or if I'll be honest, it's hiding under my pillow. But no one else needs to know that.

''You don't have to go if you don't want to.'' Bing pokes his head round the door. ''Why don't we all just hang out here? Me and Dad can set up the burner outside.''

''Don't need the burner,'' I reply and sit on my bed. ''It's hot enough.''

''Then we'll just chill out on the decking.'' He shrugs. ''Really, sis, you ain't gotta go.''

''No.. I..'' I sigh. ''I want to go, but I'm worried he'll be there.''

''If he is and he so much as looks your way he'll have another black eye,'' Bing growls.

Point? Proven.

''That's exactly what I don't want to happen, Bing.''

''Pretend Alec is your boyfriend. He might as well be.''

''I'm gonna ignore that last part.'' I glance at him. ''But I doubt that'll make a difference. Guys like James.. They take what they want, whether it belongs to someone else or not. Not that my anything belongs to anyone but me.''

''Ah-huh.'' Bing nods and sits next to me. I can hear the disbelief in his tone. ''Dear sister, when will you see that something of yours does belong to someone?''

''Bing..''

''I'm just asking. I'm as thick as two wooden planks and even I can see it. Just admit it to yourself and we're cool.''

I smack him with my pillow. ''Maybe I'm not ready to totally admit it to myself, yet. I'll let you know when I am, though, so thanks for the advice, champ.'' I roll my eyes.

''Any time. You know my experience.'' He winks.

''I didn't realise your casual sex involved feelings!'' I gasp.

He scowls at me and hits me back with the pillow.

''Get ready. You'll be fine.'' Bing gets up and moves back to the door. ''You didn't see the look on Alec's face last weekend, Lexy.'' He looks at me over his shoulder, his mocha coloured eyes meeting mine. ''If you didn't need him, he would have killed that prick. I've never seen anyone so angry. Alec ain't gonna let anyone touch you other than him apart from me, Jen and Carl. Trust him.''

He disappears with his final words.

And the words are there again. Trust. Trust him. Will Alec let anyone hurt me? No, I know he won't. But it's still that word.

Why can't I still get over that word where he's concerned?

I sigh dramatically and reach under my pillow, retrieving my runaway mascara. I look at the tube and smile resolutely.

''Let's do this,'' I say to it and stop.

Am I really talking to mascara now?

Sheesh.

My door bangs open and Jen storms in.

''You would not believe the ass kicking I just got off my sister!'' She half shouts. '''Don't go and get drunk tonight. Don't forget you have to be up early, so no staying over at Carl's. I don't want you to be hungover for my big day.' Honestly, she's a f**king nightmare tonight. I am so glad to be out of that damn house. She's like one of those sniper guns, always on target with what to say to piss you off. Even Mum wants to get the frying pan out of the cupboard and knock her out until the morning. She is that bad.''

''She's just excited,'' I say, leaning over the mirror applying the mascara to my lashes.

''Excited? No, she's freaking. She's absolutely freaking out. And I'm talking a freak out of epic proportions. Like, I'm waiting for her Bridezilla horns to pop out the top of her head.'' Jen chucks herself on my bed and sighs.

''Are you breathing yet?'' I giggle and look at her through the mirror.

''Yes. Pretty much. Hey, does your Gram have any Vino around here?''

''Uh, yes. It's hidden, though.''

''Hm. No bother then.'' Jen shrugs. ''Let me guess, your brother is in the bathroom?''

''Most likely,'' I reply, returning to my make-up.

''Uggggh,'' she groans and grabs her bag, leaving the room. I hear her knock on the bathroom door.

''What?'' Bing yells.

''Get your fat ass out of the bathroom!'' Jen hollers through the door.

''Wait your turn, prawn-girl.''

''Oh, you're so original!''

I shake my head and step back. ''Bing! Stop being such a girl!''

''Alright, alright.'' He grumbles and opens the door widely. ''Happy, Jennifer?''

Jen smiles tightly. ''Yes, thank you, Samuel.''

She walks into the bathroom, slamming the door behind her, and Bing makes a gun motion at me with his hand. He cocks his wrist, blows imaginary smoke from his fingertips and saunters off down the hall. I stare after him, even now still perplexed at my brother's strange little quirks. I shake my head and blink a few times. He's weird.

~

I hug my arms around my waist tightly, looking out at the crowd gathered. As always, it's busy with both the local teens and their friends. It's definitely a weekly thing here.

Warm, strong arms wrap around my shoulders from behind. I tense.

''Relax, Princess,'' Alec says softly. ''It's just me.''

I relax back into him and he drops his arms to my waist, holding my back tightly to his front.

''You don't have to babysit me,'' I say to him.

''I'm not,'' he replies. ''I'm protecting you.''

''I shouldn't need protecting.'' I scuff the sand with my foot and hang my head.

''Even if you didn't, I'd still do it anyway.'' I feel him shrug.

''You don't..''

''I do it because I want to, okay, Princess?'' He interrupts me. ''No other reason than that.''

I can't argue with that logic.

''Okay,'' I agree. He tightens his arms around me and rests his chin on my shoulder, like he did yesterday at the aquarium.

Someone has a sound system set up - and I'd bet it's in someone's car. Lifehouse is playing - a remixed version, of course - and it's one of my favourite songs, Falling In.

I bite the corner of my lip. I can feel Alec's heart thumping against my back through his top. I move my arms and rest them over his, practically holding them to me. He tilts his face towards me and my head turns involuntarily to him. I can feel his breath fanning over my cheek, across my neck. I close my eyes, content with the feeling of safety swirling around me.

I feel myself trust him a little more. He really has no intentions of letting me go.

''Making your claim, Alec?'' One guy near us yells over.

''You bet I am, JJ.'' Alec replies, lifting his head and looking over him.

''Sweet!'' JJ calls back. ''Let us know if she's any good, yeah?'' He laughs.

Alec tenses. I turn my head and glare at JJ.

''You wanna watch what you're saying, JJ,'' Alec grinds out between clenched teeth.

''Feeling territorial?'' He laughs.

''I'm not a f**king dog, ass**le,'' I snap. ''But if you wanna see a human bitch, then keep opening your pathetic little mouth.''

''Oooh.'' JJ waggles his eyebrows. ''She's got a bark.''

I'm fed up of guys thinking they can get their way at these parties.

I spin around and Alec loses his grip. I march up to JJ. He's taller than me but I tilt my head back and glare into his eyes.

''I've got a bark, well done. But it's nothing compared to my bite, so give it a rest before I neuter you, you prick.''

Alec bursts out laughing behind me. ''Think the lady wins that one, JJ.''

JJ's eyes narrow and he looks between us. ''If she's stupid enough to go with you, Alec, then she must be London's bike.''

Alec makes a move behind me and I stand in front of him. His fists are clenched and I put my hands flat against his chest.

''Alec,'' I warn quietly.

''I'm not gonna let him talk about you like that,'' he manages.

''It doesn't matter, it doesn't bother me.'' I insist. ''Alec.''

He takes a deep breath and I put a hand against his cheek, pulling his face down so he's looking at me. He exhales and opens his eyes.

''He's not worth it,'' I say softly.

I can see in his eyes how much he hates hearing it when people disrespect me.

''I'm okay,'' he mutters. ''I'm okay.''

''Sure?''

He nods and pulls me tight against him. I rest my cheek against his chest.

''Good shout, Alec.'' Bing slaps his shoulder and walks past.

''Bing,'' I say, a warning in my voice.

''I'm not gonna go near the guy.'' He holds his hands out. ''You two sorted him out just fine.''

I nod at him and he winks.

''But that doesn't mean he shouldn't keep his snarky little comments to himself. Just cause the little boy isn't any getting.'' Bing smirks.

JJ glares at my brother. I join him. Bing really needs to learn to control himself sometimes.

''Bing, shut it.'' I order him.

''Baby sis is giving me orders, oooh.'' He taunts me.

I stare at him, stone faced. Jen tiptoes along the sand behind him and my lips twitch as I struggle to hold my straight face.

Smack. Her hand makes contact with the back of his head and she skips over to us, hiding behind Alec.

''What the..'' Bing looks around. Jen giggles from behind us.

''Jennifer,'' he growls.

''Yes, Samuel?'' She pokes her head around innocently, batting her eyelashes.

''Aw you know I'm a sucker for a pretty girl batting her lashes at me,'' Bing softens but I can see the glint in his eye.

''Don't fall for it,'' I hiss out the corner of my mouth.

''Well you know me, Sam, I'm a sucker for a good looking guy when he growls my name that way.'' She twirls her hair round her finger.

Alec shakes his head, his body relaxed once again.

''Chattin' up my girl, Bing?'' Carl laughs.

''Not in a million years mate.'' Bing laughs too. He looks at Jen and raises his eyebrows. ''I'll get you for that slap, girl.''

''I'm sure you will.'' She smiles sweetly. I close my eyes and sigh. Would their rivalry ever disappear?

Probably not.

''Shall we give the drinking game a miss tonight, Princess?'' Alec says softly into my ear. I nod and lay my head back against him.

I can't help but feel something for him, and now if I'm wondering if I've been deceiving myself from the get go.

I'm beginning to wonder if I've wanted him since the second I laid eyes on him.

ALEC

There's something incredibly attractive about watching a girl completely f**k someone over. It's mesmerising when it's Lexy doing the f**king over.

The lips that just put JJ in his place touched mine. I hide my smug grin in my hair. It's one of the things I love about her - she's not afraid to stand up for herself. She's not a clingy, whiny girl. She has more attitude in her big toe than the teens in this place have put together.. And no one knows how to react to it.

I do. I know that I want to feel her lips against mine again and hold her even closer than I already am.

My heart is thudding in my chest, right under her cheek, and I know she can feel it. I stroke my hands down her back.

''Your heart is going crazy,'' she whispers like she can read my mind.

My lips curl up on one side. ''It's because I'm holding you. You make my heart beat like no other.''

Her grip tightens slightly on my waist and I stand there, just holding her.

Because I can.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

ALEXIS

''Where are my-?''

''On the side, Grammy,'' I smirk. She picks up her glasses and winks.

''You're like Sherlock Holmes, Lexy girl, just prettier.''

''And female.''

''And that.'' She bustles around looking for yet another thing. ''Is Alec picking you up?''

''Mmm,'' I answer, a small smile on my face.

Grammy catches it with her beady little eyes. ''Oh, yes?''

A blush colours my cheeks and I look away.

''Hmmm?'' Grammy probes.

''Shush.'' I bat her away and slip on my black heels to match my black and nude dress.

''Love is in the air.. doo doo doo doo doo doo..''

''Oh, shush!'' I repeat and narrow my eyes at her.

She smiles knowingly and wiggles her eyebrows at me once. I shake my head when the doorbell rings.

Chaos begins.

''Where's my tie?''

''Mum, have you seen my shoes?''

''On the back of the chair. No, Sam, I haven't. Lexy, have you seen my mascara?''

''It's on the bathroom sink.''

''Emmy, are you sure my tie is there?''

''Oh, Si, we don't have time for this.''

I take a deep breath and open the door.

Taking a deep breath was the wrong move.

I'm rendered speechless and breathless by Alec in a suit. The sharp, black suit is tailored to fit him perfectly and the baby blue shirt brings the colour of his eyes out so much they almost pop.

I blink. Swallow. Blink some more.

His lips curl up in a small smile. ''Anyone there?''

I swallow again and look up. ''Hi.''

''Hey, Princess.'' He wipes some hair from my eye. ''You look beautiful.''

I rake my eyes over him again. Yeah. That suit is something else.

''You don't look so bad yourself.'' I smile.

''Ready to go?'' He holds his elbow out and I nod, tucking my clutch bag under my arm.

''See you guys in a bit!'' I yell into the house.

Grammy winks as she walks past and I roll my eyes, slipping my hand into the crook of Alec's arm. We walk down the path and he opens the car door for me. He helps me in and stops just before he shuts the door.

I smooth my hair, which is curled and swept to one side.

''What?'' I ask. He's looking at me almost tenderly.

''You really do look beautiful,'' he says so softly I can barely hear him. I smile, warmth spreading through my body.

''Thank you.'' I slowly close my eyes and open them again. Alec shuts the door and climbs in the other side. He glances at me again, shoots me a smile, and starts the engine.

It's gonna be a long day.

~

The venue is amazing. The manor house is decked out in shades of white and the lightest shade of lilac I've ever seen. Bouquets of roses and baby's breath adorn the sides of the reception room. The tables are round, covered with white cloth. The chairs have lilac organza bows around the back of them. But that's not what's amazing.

My jaw drops as I take in the centrepieces. In a splash of colour, large violet, glass vases sit on each table. The biggest roses I've ever seen come out from each one and they all sparkle like they've been coated with a discreet layer of glitter. They're so simple, so understated, but so elegant.

A DJ station is set up in the far corner, along with space for a dance floor. We all take our seats, Alec pulling the chair out for me. Jen rolls her eyes at me as she passes, moving to sit at a table closer to the front.

She looks beautiful, too. Her lilac dress is knee length, strapless, and has a lilac bow just under her bust. Her blonde hair is hanging across her shoulders in delicate waves, and despite her eye roll, I can tell she's delighted for her sister, Hannah.

Hannah and her new husband, Lloyd, enter the room and we all clap. They do make a truly stunning couple. Hannah is an older version of Jen, almost identical in looks. The only thing setting them apart is the bright pink in Jen's hair - which she's dyed out.

Lloyd is taller than Hannah by almost a head, and is dark in contrast. Dark hair, olive skin, and green-brown eyes. It sounds strange, but it makes for a striking contrast.

The meal is served and, as expected, the meal is out of this world good. Me and Alec make some small talk with the other guests around the table, but mostly talk between ourselves.

''You two make a very cute couple.'' A lady in her forties smiles at us across the table.

I open my mouth to correct her but Alec beats me to it.

''Thank you, ma'am.'' He beams and takes my hand in his. I look at him and discreetly raise an eyebrow. He winks and shrugs one shoulder.

''Sorry,'' he whispers in my ear. ''I didn't want to ruin her little dream.''

I laugh under my breath and the same woman shoots a big smile at us. I smile back and shrug as if to say 'what can I do?'

When all the dessert dishes are cleared away, the DJ welcomes us to the evening event and calls for the first dance. A smile graces my lips as I watch Hannah and Lloyd take the floor. They look into each other's eyes as if they're the only people in the room, and you can almost feel the love flowing from them.

As I watch, I wonder if I'll ever feel that way about anyone. To love someone enough to commit your whole life to them is something else altogether. I think about my parents. They've been happily married for twenty-five years, and together even longer. That's the kind of love I want one day. It's the kind everyone wants.

Alec looks back at me like he knows what I'm thinking and smiles. I smile back.

The music changes and people start to gravitate towards the floor. Alec offers me his hand.

''May I have this dance?''

It's Westlife. How can I possibly say no?

''You may.'' I smile and put my hand in his. He leads me to the dance floor where I catch sight of Jen and Carl. Carl winks at me and nods toward Alec, Jen grins. I roll my eyes at them and turn towards Alec. He pulls me against him, spreading his hands across the small of my back. I wrap my arms around his neck and realise what the song is.

Every Little Thing You Do.

Perfect for a wedding, I'll admit, but not so perfect when you're in the arms of the only guy you think of when you hear the song. Alec starts swaying me side to side gently and I allow myself to melt into his arms.

'''It's every little thing you do, that makes me fall in love with you. There isn't a way that I can show you, ever since I've come to know you, it's every little thing you say, that makes me wanna feel this way. There's not a thing that I can point to, it's every little thing you do.''' Alec sings quietly into my ear.

I rest my head on his shoulder, my face turned into his neck. He holds me tighter as he quietly carries on singing and my heart melts.

''Closet Westlife fan,'' I whisper to him.

He turns his face into mine so his lips are right by my ear. ''I've already told you I'd do anything for you, Princess, and if that means learning Westlife, then I'll do it.''

He starts singing again and something inside me breaks. I can't fight it anymore.

He's dangerous, flirtatious, my opposite in almost everything. But he's all I want.

I've never felt the way I do right now, with him holding me close and singing me one of my favourite songs. Nothing even comes close to the feeling spreading through my body.

I have to admit it to myself, no matter how much I want to run from it to save myself.

I'm falling for this guy, hook, line and sinker. He's stealing my heart, a little piece at a time.

And I'm not sure I want him to stop anymore.

~

I awoke this morning with the previous night's revelation still fresh in my mind.

We've been in Devon for three weeks. That means we leave in five. But that doesn't matter much to me anymore. Like Jen said, I have to stop worrying about the future and live in the here and now.

And that's why I'm sat on the beach, staring out to sea and waiting for Alec to get here.

I might be crazy. The early morning heat might be making me delusional. I'm not sure. I just know.. I trust him. Everything he's done since we've met is to make me believe in him, trust him.

''It's seven thirty in the morning.'' Alec's voice drifts over the beach towards me. ''Any reason I'm here so early? Not that I'm complaining, any excuse to see you, Princess, but still.''

I turn my head and he's stood behind me, the sun playing off his features. There's a shine to his hair and apprehension in his eyes. I pat the spot next to me and he moves forward almost tentatively.

''You're not smiling,'' he observes and sits down.

I shrug one shoulder. ''I have to talk to you about something.''

''Go on,'' he encourages, leaning back on his hands.

I look down at the sand and draw a pattern in the sand absently. I trace it three times and realise it's a heart.

''I don't wanna fight it anymore, Alec.''

''Fight what?''

''This. Me and you.'' I peer over at him. ''Us.''

His eyes widen slightly. ''Us?''

I nod and tuck my hair behind my ear. ''Everything you've done since we've met has completely disproved everything I've been told about you. You've done nothing but try and make me happy, and you have.''

''Princess..''

''Let me finish, okay?'' He nods. ''I've had the best three weeks - with a few exceptions - and it's because of you. I.. I don't want to keep fighting against what I know will happen.''

''So, you're saying.'' He swallows slightly and turns his body towards me, ''that you want there to be an us?''

I close my eyes, breathe deeply and nod. ''If.. If that's what you still want.''

''So, if I leaned over, like this.'' Alec inches closer to me, moving his hand behind my back. ''And put my hand here, wrapping my fingers in your hair, you wouldn't mind?''

He's so close to me, and I know, emotionally, this is the closest we've ever been. I can feel his warm breath fan across my cheek, my breathing speeds up, goose pimples erupt over my body. My lips tingle in anticipation, my heart starts to play a fast rock beat against my ribs. The almost kisses - and actual kiss - of the past hold nothing to what I know is happening.

''Hmm, Princess, you wouldn't care?'' he repeats softly, his blue grey eyes boring into mine.

I shake my head slightly.

''I didn't hear you.''

''No,'' I whisper, ''I wouldn't care at all.''

''And what if I did this?'' He moves his face forward so our lips are nearly touching, mere millimetres apart. My eyes flutter closed as he tightens his grip on me.

''Would you care, then?''

''No, not this time,'' I breathe out, almost soundlessly.

I want this. I want this more than anything, and I know I've been a fool to fight it.

''Then you wouldn't mind, if I did this.'' He closes the barely there difference between us and my body explodes.

His lips are soft, like a silky rose petal, and they merge against mine in a perfection seen only in movies. He's gentle, ever so gentle, brushing his lips over mine again and again.

I reach up and wrap my arms around his neck, my fingers entwining in his hair. I want more, more than just a gentle kiss. I've had a taste of him, of heaven, and I don't know how to stop. All that exists in this second is him, Alec, the guy I'd vowed to stay away from.

That thought sobers me and I freeze for a second, but it's long enough for Alec to notice. He pulls back and looks in my eyes.

''Princess?'' he says uncertainly.

I press my fingers to my lips and stand up, turning away from him. He stands and grips my arm.

''What are you running from now, Princess? What are you so afraid of?'' he asks me softly.

''I don't know.''

''You're lying. Tell me.''

''You want to know? Really?'' I turn and meet his eyes. ''Maybe I'm afraid to admit to you just how much I'm falling for you. Maybe I'm still scared of getting hurt. Maybe this.. kissing you... Maybe that makes it real.''

''Princess,'' he murmurs and cups my chin, bringing my face close to his. In his eyes I see a swarm of emotions. It's like he's stripped bare, he's stripped away everything everyone sees just to show me the truth. Just like I always wanted.

''Maybe you don't need to be afraid,'' he says in a gentle tone.

''You know a summer romance wasn't what what I signed up for when we came down here,'' I whisper.

"Lexy, you're not listening to me."

"I am."

"No, you're not." Amusement laces his tone and he slides his other arm around my waist, holding me in place. I'm trapped. Trapped in the one place I want to be.

"Maybe you don't need to be afraid," he repeats, "because maybe I'm falling for you too."

I know my eyes show I'm slightly sceptical. For him to fall for someone is about as likely as pigs growing wings and migrating to a warmer climate during the winter months.

"You still don't believe me." He sighs. "Do you think I would have kissed you like that just now if I didn't feel anything for you, Princess? Really?"

I can't deny that. The feelings he evoked in me during that kiss were unlike anything I've ever felt.

"I guess not," I mumble, reluctantly.

''Do you really think I would have spent every spare second of the last three weeks with you if I didn't care? Would I have made your birthday as special as it was if this was just a game? Do you think I would have lain awake at night thinking of how I could make you trust me?

"Princess," he whispers when I cast my eyes downwards. "Look at me."

I close my eyes and shake my head.

A summer romance wasn't in my plan. But that all changed the second Alec walked into my life. When I met him.. A summer romance became everything I wanted.

The next thing I feel is his lips pressing against mine for the second time. He pushes his hand through my hair and cups the back of my head. I can only kiss him back.

It's like he's wired in my DNA, and despite my head telling me to step away, my heart has taken over and it's all I can do to stay standing.

My arms go round his neck of their own accord and my fingers tangle in the ends of his hair.

"Believe me yet?" he murmurs against my lips. I nod and press myself up against him, claiming his lips once more.

He kisses me a few more times then pulls back. His smile reaches his eyes, and there's a spark in them I've never seen before. I can't help but smile back at him. He moves his head forward and runs the tip of his nose down the length of mine before kissing me once more.

"Don't run from me, Lexy," he whispers, trailing kisses along my jaw and up to my earlobe. "Because I'll always follow you."

"Can I hide then?" I tease, leaning my cheek against his.

"No."

"Why not?"

"Because I'll always come and find you, that's why." He pulls back and looks into my eyes. "Tell me you won't run anymore."

His eyes are entrancing. The swirling mass of blue grey is mesmerising, and I know I couldn't run even if I wanted to.

"I won't run anymore."

"Promise?" He strokes my hair away from my face.

I put a hand on his cheek. "I promise."

He smiles at me again and I look down. He's looking at me like-

"You're beautiful," he whispers, kissing my nose.

Yeah, like I'm beautiful.

ALEC

I look into her brown eyes and see all I'll ever need.

She's mine.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

ALEXIS

Alec sits back against the rock and pulls me down with him. I hook my legs over his and rest my head against his shoulder, curled up against him. His arms are wrapped around my body, holding me tightly. I snuggle a little closer into him and he sighs.

''What?'' I tilt my head back.

''You.'' He looks down at me and smiles.

''What about me?''

''Just.. You.''

I smile and peck him on the lips.

''Call that a kiss?'' He growls playfully.

I nod and lean back. He leans forward until I'm lying on my back and he's suspended over me.

''This is a kiss,'' he says and presses his lips against mine. I cup his head with my hands and pull him closer to me. Will I ever have enough of him? One kiss and I can't seem to stop.

''Mmm,'' he murmurs. ''That's more like it.''

I grin at him and rest my fingertip against where his dimple is.

''I love your dimples.''

''You do?'' He raises an eyebrow at me.

''Mmhmm,'' I stroke his jaw. ''I noticed them the first time I saw you.''

''Oh, so it's the dimples you're after?'' He teases.

''Completely.'' I reply, straight faced.

He tuts and shakes his head. ''Washboard abs, gorgeous eyes, sexy hair, and she wants the dimples? What is the world coming to?''

I slap his shoulder and giggle. ''You forgot your charming personality.''

He thumps the sand. ''How could I forget that?''

''God knows, your ego is big enough.'' I kiss his cheek.

''Oi.'' He frowns at me. ''Just because you're mine doesn't mean you can be mean to me!''

''Oh, I'm yours, am I?'' It's my turn to raise an eyebrow.

''No doubt about it.'' He kisses me again.

''Again with the caveman,'' I mutter.

''Your caveman,'' he chuckles.

Alec brushes my hair away from my face and looks into my eyes.

He might not have been what I expected when I came to Lilac Bay, or even what I was expecting when I met him, but he's nothing less than I want.

Opposites. A city girl and a small town boy. Dirty jeans and designer jeans. Surfing and shopping.

We couldn't be more different, but that doesn't matter anymore.

He drops down next to me and we lie there together, listening to the waves crash up the beach. The world could be ending and I wouldn't care because I was with him.

"Oh yay!" I hear Jen shriek.

"Way to ruin their moment, Jen!" Carl calls after her. I turn my head and see her running down the beach towards us, Carl shaking his head as he walks behind her.

"Oh, shush you. Just because you're as romantic as a teaspoon!" she hollers back.

"Hey, I can do romance!" he replies, indignantly.

"You wouldn't know romance if it hit you between the eyes." She laughs and turns to him.

"I take offence at that." He stops in front of her and I press my face against Alec's chest as I laugh.

"Oh yeah? Prove it then," Jen challenges him.

"Fine." He stalks towards her and grabs her, tipping her back so the tips of her hair graze the sand. She grabs his neck to stop herself falling as he plants a deep, thorough kiss on her mouth.

"Think they need a room?" Alec laughs into my hair. I nod my head in agreement and smile.

Carl releases Jen and she stands up, staggering slightly. She looks slightly dazed and I cover my mouth with my hand.

The two of them are crazy.

"Romantic enough, baby?" Carl asks smugly, catching her dazed expression.

"Uh, yeah." She fans herself and blinks dramatically. "Phew."

She looks over at me and Alec still wrapped in each others arms and grins.

"About time you two sorted your shit out." She waggles her finger at us and sits down on my towel. Carl sits next to her and she snuggles against him.

Alec moves to sit back up and pulls me up with him, sitting me between his legs. He wraps his arms around my waist and buries his face in my hair. Subconsciously I turn my head towards his and smile.

"It's so cute," Jen sighs. "Did you feel that tension before, Carl?"

"Jen, baby, they're right there. No need to talk like they're not." He rolls his eyes and squeezes her shoulders affectionately.

"I'm just sayin'," she says sarcastically. "It was tight, like, oh my god someone get me some scissors to cut it, or for god sake just kiss her already, you get what I mean?"

Alec begins to shake behind me and I know he's laughing. I smile widely at her and Carl sighs dramatically.

"You have such a way with words," he tells her.

"Well duh, someone has to be smart with them because goodness knows you're not,'' she jokes.

"Nice to know I'm loved.'' He raises his eyebrows at me and Jen punches his arm.

"Shut up."

"Can't do that baby."

"Why not?"

"Because you like what I do with my mouth too much." He winks and grins cheekily. Jen gasps and the laughter explodes out of me. I rest my head on my arms as I laugh like I haven't in a long time.

Something about Devon has revitalised me in three short weeks. It's reminded me of the girl I used to be, the girl I buried away each September when it was time to go back to London.

Something about the Bay has stripped away my defences, and I'd bet anything it's Jen and Carl's easygoing, loving banter. Not to mention the guy sat behind me. Alec has always been a dangerous gamble, but despite my thoughts earlier, I know he's something more than everyone else sees. I saw it in his eyes, and I can feel it in the way he's holding me against him tightly, like he's afraid I'll still run.

Even though I won't.

I don't know if anything could tear me away from him now.

~

''It's about bloody time, Alexis Edwards!" Grammy waggles her finger at me the second I step through the door. "Three weeks I've worked my butt off trying to get you to see sense!"

I smile at her theatrics and release Alec's hand, hugging her.

"You're crazy, old lady."

"Crazy?!" She pulls back, horrified. She grins, then winks. "I was right though, wasn't I?"

Her eyes twinkle and I kiss her powdered cheek.

"You were."

"I presume Alec is staying for dinner then?" Dad puts his paper down onto the table.

A smile is playing on his lips and I glance up at Alec. He raises an eyebrow and I step back towards him. His arm snakes around my waist and I curl into him, looking at Dad.

"If that's okay, Daddy," I say sweetly.

"Oh, I'm not sure."

"Don't tease the girl, Simon!" Mum admonishes. "You've been moaning for the last week because you're sick of them not sorting it out." She turns to me and smiles, a wide beaming smile. "Baby girl, I'm happy for you. Of course your young man can stay for dinner."

"I think you're all forgetting something very important," Grammy huffs, leaning against the sink. She crosses her arms across her chest, her cloth waving absently in the air.

"What's that, Vi?" Alec asks, his chest rumbling with his restrained laughter.

"This is my house. No one has bothered to ask me if I mind if the boy stays for dinner!"

Mum purses her lips and turns away, hiding her laughter. Dad snorts silently and I sigh, amused.

"Fine. Grammy?" I turn my innocent eyes on her.

"Yes, Lexy girl?"

"Would you mind if Alec stays for dinner?"

"That depends. Is he your boyfriend?" She clasps her hands together and I realise she's tricked me.

"I, Er.." I glance up at Alec and he looks down, smirking. He dips his head and kisses me fully on the lips. I feel my cheeks flush as Grammy whoops.

"I'll take that as a yes!"

I touch my lips and duck my head down.

"Put my sister down, you Neanderthal!" Bing calls from the front door. I groan.

"Bing!" Mum scolds.

"Just saying, Mum, just saying." He slaps Alec's shoulder as he walks past. "Good luck, mate. You're gonna need it."

"Bing," I start.

"Lexy," he mimics my voice.

"Go play in traffic."

"Only if you come with me, sister dear." He smiles wolfishly at me and sits down, slouching in the chair.

"Samuel Geoffrey Edwards," Mum snaps. "Sit up straight like the young man I taught you to be, and for goodness sakes pull up your trousers! No-one here is interested in the colour of your boxers."

"But I'm sure the girls would like to know about the pink ones," Dad snickers. Alec looks at me and I shrug.

"Welcome to the crazy," I mutter.

~

Bing's angry shout wakes me the next morning. I rub my eyes and roll out of bed, practically crawling to the window to see what the matter is. I pull back my curtains and see Gram's neighbours doing the same. Old Mrs Jenkins across the road shuffles out in a robe that's seen better days.

I look down at the garden and shriek out a laugh.

Grammy has strung Bing's pink y-front boxers to the front of her cottage.

I have no idea how she's managed it, but as I run down the stairs to get a proper look it doesn't matter. All I know right now is that Grammy has completely embarrassed Bing in front of the whole town. I would bet my leopard print onesie Mrs Jenkins will be at the post office at 9am ready to tell everyone collecting their pension. They'll tell their children, who'll tell their children, who'll tell their friends.

Bing's sex life just went from thrill to nil.

"What the f**k, Gram?!" Bing yells, his hands in the air.

"Watch it, lad, or the Spongebob ones will join em!" Gram threatens with a waggle of her finger.

"I don't have any Spongebob pants!"

"The good citizens of Lilac Bay don't know that though, do they?" Gram snickers evilly.

I put my hand to my mouth and laugh silently. At least I know what she bought in Primark yesterday.

"Gram, are you out to ruin my life?" Bing sighs.

"No, dear, just your far too promiscuous reputation. Why, in my day, if I did what you do, my father would have slapped my ass - twenty years old or not!" Gram winks at me as she turns back inside.

"I..." Bing runs his forehead. "I don't want to know."

I laugh out loud but stop when he glares at me. I follow Gram into the kitchen.

"How did you get them up there?" I whisper over her shoulder.

"I didn't," she giggles. "Your father put it up. I blackmailed him."

"Oh no, you said no papers for a week, didn't you?"

"You bet your pretty little face I did." Grammy giggles again and opens the fridge. She pours a glass of milk, takes a brown bottle from the cupboard and extracts two tablets. I frown.

"What are they for?"

"Heartburn," she answers without turning around. "Hence the milk. It helps."

"Oh." I shrug it off and get myself a glass of orange.

"Are you seeing your fancy boy today?"

"If you mean Alec." I reach into the cupboard for the Cheerios, "then yes. He thinks he's gonna get me on a surfboard again. I think he's training to be a comedian."

"He just wants to share that part of his life with you," Gram advises. "Go along with it. He goes shopping with you, doesn't he?"

"Once." I point my spoon at her. "I surfed once. He shopped once. Even Stevens."

She shakes her head. "You kids."

"What?" I say through a mouthful of cereal and shrug one shoulder.

"In my day we did things together because we could..."

"In your day, Grammy, to be seen touching a boy or raising your skirt above your ankles meant you were a slut." I put my empty bowl in the sink, rinsing it out.

"Alexis Mae Edwards! I was not born in the 1800's!"

"Could have been." I grin cheekily and scoot past her into the hallway. "When Alec shows up.."

Knock knock.

"Never mind!" I call back and open the door, barely glancing at him. "Hi, come in, goodbye."

I take the stairs two at a time. Brush, mascara, dress. I'm ready in record time - maybe Devon really is changing me from a spoilt city girl to a carefree young woman.

I stop by my mirror and study my reflection. Soft, dark brown curls that reach my waist, large, cappuccino-coloured eyes, a smattering of freckles across my nose and rosebud lips. The same girl as always stares back at me.

Or does she?

I look closer and she's different - I'm different. There's a light in my eyes, a sparkle in my smile, and a bounce in my hair. I smile at my reflection.

For the first time since leaving here when I was twelve, I'm starting to feel like myself again. I look the same and I sound the same.. But there's a softness in my eyes and a brightness in my smile that wasn't there before.

I grab my phone and head back downstairs. Alec is leaning against the kitchen side, his polo shirt whiter than white against his sun-kissed skin. Not to mention it looks good with his muscles. Ahem.

I beam at him and skip across the kitchen, pressing a kiss to his lips.

"Good morning!" I sing.

"Good morning, Princess." He smirks at me, amused, and wraps his arms round my waist. "You're happy today."

"I'm always happy." I lean back and pout slightly.

"Unless you're on your period," Gram calls from the front room where she's glued to Jeremy Kyle. I can hear him telling someone to use protection, like normal.

"Yep, thanks for that one Gram." I cringe slightly.

Alec chuckles and kisses my forehead. "It's a good job I've known her for years. If you were any other girl, I'd be running after that comment."

"Oh, so you're here for my Gram, hmm?" I raise an eyebrow at him.

"No," he laughs. "I heard there's this amazing, beautiful, sweet girl living here. Do you know where I can find her?"

"Yeah, she ran away, sorry." I shrug one shoulder. "Looks like you're stuck with me."

"Good," he says. "I'm pretty sure you'd kick her ass anyway."

"You bet I would,. I grin and stand on my tiptoes, kissing him again.

"Sick," Bing mutters and opens the fridge.

"Nice boxers, Bing," Alec comments. I bury my face into his neck.

"Don't you start it, pretty boy. I happen to like you. That could change very quickly and you wouldn't want that, considering you're going out with my sister." Bing narrows his eyes.

Alec crooks his finger and Bing steps forward. "Mate, if I were you, when Vi visits the post office later, I'd search this place top to bottom."

"Why?" Bing asks in the same hushed voice Alec used.

"Because my mum saw her in Primark yesterday in Barnstaple buying some Spongebob boxers, and I'd say they weren't for your Dad."

"Holy mother..." Bing shakes his head and turns around. "Bloody woman will kill me."

I bite my lip, smiling, and watch him go. Alec puts his thumb on my lip and gently teases it from between my teeth.

"Please don't bite your lip," he whispers in a lower, husky voice.

I glance up and his eyes are focused on my mouth. "Why not?"

"Because... Ah." He closes his eyes. "When you do it, it's goddamn sexy, Princess."

"What, so don't do this?" I bite my lip again, more of it this time, and look at him innocently.

"Yep," he says in an almost strangled voice and stands up straight. "Definitely don't do that."

I raise my eyebrows. "Okay. I won't."

I turn my face away from him. He exhales and I tilt my face back, biting the other side of my lip.

"Lexy," he growls.

Oh. I'm in trouble.

"Alec?" I smile sweetly and move back.

"What did I just say?"

"I.. I can't remember." I back into the wall, looking up at him. Somehow I still have a straight face.

He puts his hands against the wall, one either side of my head and bends his face down to mine.

"Don't bite your lip like that," he mutters in my ear.

His lips ghost along my jaw, stealing my breath away before meeting mine in a forceful kiss full of want. I kiss him back, looping my arms under his and holding his shoulders. He pushes his body into mine against the wall, his kiss hard and desperate, and-

Oh!

"You tell 'em, Jezza!" Gram yells. "You should have put something on the end of it!"

Alec steps back and I open my eyes, breathing hard. I look up into his eyes that are darkened with want, with need, and I shiver.

"We need to go, Princess. Now,'' he says quietly. I nod and slip past him to grab my bag.

Damn it! All I wanna do is grab him and let him kiss me like that again, my back pressing into the stone cold wall. I finally know what it means to be kissed senseless and sheesh - if biting my lip gets that kind of reaction, I need to do it more often.

"Bye, Gram!" I call and open the front door.

"Have fun, kids!" she yells.

Alec opens his car door and I climb in.

"You should know," he grumbles, "that pretty little dress is not helping."

One side of my mouth curls upwards and I watch him as he walks around the car. He makes me lose control, and I kinda like it.

He gets in next to me, puts his keys in and starts the engine.

"You can stop looking at me like that as well," he warns without looking at me.

"Why? What's wrong with how I'm looking at you?" I ask innocently.

"Nothing, nothing at all, Princess," he says with a throaty laugh. "But Jen told me you're still a virgin and your first time isn't gonna be because I couldn't control myself. It's gonna be when you say so, where you say so, and how you say so. I want it to be something you'll remember because it was special, not because it's something you'll regret."

My cheeks are flaming. Jen. I hate her. I'm gonna kill her.

"Hey." Alec glances over and threads his fingers through mine. "Don't be embarrassed, Princess. I like the fact you are. It's nothing to be ashamed of."

"But you..."

"Have had sex but never made love. I intend to remedy that with you, beautiful. Whenever you're ready to."

I look over at him and tighten my grip on his hand.

If I wasn't already before, then I'm falling head over heels for this guy now.

ALEC

Mother of all that is f**king holy and sacred.

That lip between those teeth should be illegal in the case of making men everywhere go crazy with need.

I tap the steering wheel impatiently and try not to shake my leg when my foot is on the accelerator. I keep my gaze straight ahead.

''You're not looking at me,'' Lexy says quietly.

''That's because if I do there's a pretty good chance the day I have planned won't be happening.''

''Oh.'' I can imagine the smirk on those pink lips..

Don't even go there.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

ALEXIS

''I thought we were going surfing?'' I ask as I eye the boats in the harbour. '''Cause this is a funny lookin' beach, Alec.''

''We were going surfing, then I got a call from my mate who owns the boat, Reg. He's doing deliveries today between Lundy and here so I thought I'd ask if he'd take us with him. He won't be back for another week.'' Alec takes my hand and tugs me towards a boat with cracked red paint.

''Sheesh,'' I mutter. ''Thanks for the warning.''

I look at the boat as I slowly approach it. Besides the paint job, it's in perfect condition, bobbing along on the water. It's nice, I guess, as far as boats go.

But it's a boat. A boat. I. Don't. Do. Boats.

Full stop.

There's only so much rocking about on water a person can take. Yes, I've been on one before to get to Lundy, but that was then, and this is now. I haven't stepped foot on a boat for five years. That's a long damn time.

''Come on, Princess.'' Alec turns. ''It's not that bad, I promise.''

''Er, yeah.'' I swallow, looking between him and the boat.

''Wow.''

''What?''

He stops and looks down at me in front of him. ''You actually are scared of the boat, aren't you?''

''Nope,'' I say stubbornly. ''Slightly apprehensive, maybe, but not scared.''

He chuckles. ''Scared, then.''

I shake my head vehemently. ''Nope.''

''Princess.'' He touches my cheek with his thumb. ''I can see the panic in your eyes, it's no good lying to me. Come on, it's only a quick journey. Just think, you finally get to snorkel.''

''You do realise I've only snorkelled twice, right?''

''I didn't know that, but I do now.'' He takes my bag from me. ''I've snorkelled at Lundy a few times now. You'll be fine. Come on.''

He hops up onto the boat and holds his hands out for me. I take a deep breath, put my hands in his and let him pull me up. The boat rocks with the movement and I freeze, gripping his arm. He shakes his head.

''Do you really think I'm gonna let you go overboard?'' Alec chuckles.

I glance up at him. ''Maybe.''

He laughs and wraps an arm round my waist.

''Alec, is that you?'' A voice calls from below the deck.

''Sure is, Reg.'' Alec calls back.

''Come on down!''

Alec leads me down to the cabin. It's nothing special. A standard black couch sits in the corner, there's a small table with two chairs and a small cupboard. Standing in the middle of it all is Reg. His hair is cut short, almost right to his scalp, and his darkly tanned skin makes it hard for me to tell if he's just really tanned or if he's naturally darker-skinned.

The boys shake hands and I'm introduced.

''Damn, Alec, where did you find her?'' Reg slaps his shoulder.

Alec winks at me. ''She found me.''

Reg shakes his head and looks at me. ''If you ever get bored of this prick, you know where to find me.''

He turns to go up to the deck and I laugh. ''I sure do.''

''Oi,'' Alec growls to Reg's laughter.

''Yes?'' I bat my eyelashes at him.

''You're not gonna get bored of me.''

''Am I not?'' I walk back and sit on the sofa.

''Not a chance.'' He stalks towards me, a predator like gleam in his eye. I look up at him through lowered lashes and see him swallow. I delight in his expression and take it one step further.

I bite my lip.

''Um,'' Alec whispers, stopping and running his hand through his hair.

''Mm?'' I tilt my head to the side.

''Oh, boy.'' He sinks into the sofa next to me and leans his head on the back of it.

''What's wrong?'' I turn my head to the side, facing him. He rolls his head towards mine.

''You. When you... Do that. It drives me crazy.''

I smile at him. ''Good.''

''Good?!'' His eyes widen.

''Yep.'' I shrug one shoulder. ''Maybe I like making you go crazy.''

''Okay.'' He shakes his head and sits up, propping his chin up on his hand. ''What happened to the girl who tried to run away from me yesterday, all shy?''

''She decided to keep her promise and not run away.'' I look into his darkened, stormy coloured eyes. ''So, she's being honest instead.''

Alec nods and moves forward, his breath fanning my face. ''Then maybe, I shouldn't hold back much either.''

My breath hitches and I shake my head slightly.

''I don't want you to,'' I whisper.

His eyes search my face. I move my body closer to him and he runs his fingers through my hair.

''Princess?''

''Mm?''

He moves closer to me yet, his lips brushing mine as light as a feather.

''You're beautiful,'' he says softly. I smile against his mouth.

''You told me that yesterday.''

''I know.'' He cups my head. ''And I'll tell you every day, too.''

His lips press against mine and I automatically kiss him back.

I don't notice the starting of the boat. I don't notice how we bob on the open water. I don't notice anything but the guy sitting next to me.

But I do notice how he's stealing both my breath and my heart with a simple kiss.

~

''See? It wasn't bad.'' Alec grins devilishly at me.

''Okay, okay.'' I wrap my arm around his waist and lean into him. ''It wasn't bad.''

His arm goes over my shoulders and he picks up the bag he brought from the boat.

There's something magical about the three mile long island that is Lundy. It's the place where the Atlantic Ocean and Bristol Channel meet. Look to the west and you can see nothing but open sea for miles, and that's because there's nothing between Lundy and America besides the open water.

It's peaceful here. No one pushes past anyone, in fact, there's hardly anyone here at all. When I look up I can see the famous puffins bouncing on the cliff edges, taking flight and landing again. The Old Light stands proud and tall, the brickwork glistening in the sun.

I breathe deeply, a sense of peace and serenity settling into my body. That's the effect Lundy has on you. It makes you feel at home, happy, relaxed.

''Come on.'' Alec steers me towards a hut. ''Get changed and we'll go find you some seals.''

I take the bag from him, kiss his cheek and shut myself in a cubicle of the hut. I pull out a wetsuit and grimace.

Damn. I hate these things.

Knowing there's no other way out, I strip to my bikini and begin the tedious task of rolling the horrid material over my skin. Once it's on, I stare down at my feet. Obviously, the flippers won't be easy to walk in... I sigh and slip my sandals on.

Wetsuit and gladiator sandals.

Attractive.

I open the door. Alec's eyes rove over my body, doing a double take at my feet.

''Alright,'' I huff, shoving the bag at him.

''Nice outfit,'' he chuckles. I shoot a glare at him and stalk past him. I hear the shuffle of gravel under his feet as he comes after me.

''I love it when you storm off.'' He slides an arm around me, cupping my hip. ''Do you know why?''

''Nope, but I'm pretty sure you're about to tell me.'' I roll my eyes.

''Besides the fact you're going the wrong way, you have a really, really nice ass.''

I stop. Look at him. Huff again.

''You could have said I was going the wrong way.''

''I just did,'' he smirks.

''Before, Alec.''

''I know.'' He spins us round to face the direction we just came from and we start walking again. ''But like I said, you have a really nice ass, and I kinda like it when you're mad at me.''

''You're so strange.'' I shake my head.

''You know it's all part of my charm.'' He winks at me. I smile despite myself. He's charming alright - too damn charming.

''Stop,'' I elbow his side.

''Oooh, it hurts.'' He mock bends over, taking me with him. I laugh and elbow him again.

''Get off, you idiot.''

He laughs and takes my hand, leading me down some steps onto a small beach. It's surrounded by cliffs, and although the sand is a bit gritty the gentle waves crawl up it smoothly.

''Are we doing it here?'' I ask as Alec sets the bag down.

''Sure are, Princess. It's my favourite place on the island. Wait till we get down there.'' He helps me put on all the equipment and I shed the gladiator sandals in favour of flippers.

''I feel like an idiot,'' I mumble as we walk out into the warm water.

''You still look beautiful. A beautiful idiot, granted.'' Alec winks at me and I grin at him. ''Ready, Princess?''

I nod and put in my mouthpiece. Alec drops under the water and I copy him. He takes my hand underwater and we swim out a little.

Little fish in a range of colours swim past us and I marvel at them. Seaweed, anemones and shells stick to the rocks, the seaweed and anemones swaying with the movement of the water. Lobsters and crabs scuttle along the sea floor. I poke the back of a crab and he runs sideways between two rocks. I giggle.

Alec smiles at me around his mouthpiece and I shrug a little, feeling like a small child in Santa's Grotto. I let go of Alec and swim up over the rocks, watching in amazement as fish feel the movement of the water and scatter in a rippling rainbow of colour.

Below the surface it's a different world, different in every way. The view, the feelings, the sensations.

Alec swims up to me and his eyes stand out even more underwater. It's like they fit in with the marine life, sparkling as they watch me. My lips curl slightly and I swim backwards, feeling light and weightless. I hit something solid and two strong arms wrap around me.

I relax back into Alec and we float with the waves, lost in a world of natural colour.

~

''How was your day, dear?'' Grammy asks after I get back.

''Amazing.'' I smile and sit next to her on the sofa.

''What did you do?'' Mum hands me a glass of wine.

I tuck my feet up on the sofa under me. ''Snorkelling in Lundy.''

Mum smiles. ''How was it?''

''Amazing,'' I sigh, sipping the wine and smiling.

'''Must be love, love, love,''' Grammy sings, waving her glass.

''Shut up!'' I poke her arm and she giggles like a school girl.

''He's really got a thing for you, that lad,'' Grammy muses.

I roll my eyes. ''So you keep saying. Has Dad started the barbecue yet?''

''He should have.'' Mum pokes her head round the door to look. ''Yes.''

''He's a hell of a looker, is our Alec,'' Gram continues on, oblivious to the change in conversation. ''Good heart, too. Granted, he's a bit of a lad but oh my, Lexy girl, he's only got eyes for you, you mark my words.''

Mum sends me a sympathetic smile and I shrug one shoulder. In the last three and a half weeks, I've figured out it's easier to just let Gram get it out.

''And if he doesn't, I'll give him a good kick in the goolies!'' Jen bursts into the cottage and laughs.

''Who invited you?'' I joke in mock disgust.

''Um, barbecue? Wine? Hello? Is there anyone at home in your pretty malteser brain?'' She knocks my head as she walks past and accepts the wine glass Grammy shoves at her.

''Catch up, Jennifer!'' Gram cackles and leans over to stage whisper. ''I'm on my third!''

''Really?'' I ask Mum. ''You're letting her get drunk?''

''Darling, if I don't let her, she'll simply drink ours when we're not looking.'' Mum sighs.

''Let me?'' Grammy stands and waggles her finger at both of us. ''You girls forget I'm the adult here!''

Jen purses her lips as she tries to hold in her laughter.

''Of course, Mother,'' Mum says with a straight face. How? It's all I can do not to collapse in a pile of giggles.

''I'm going to check on the sausages,'' Grammy announces and leaves the room, humming to herself while swinging her glass of wine.

Jen raises her eyebrows and snorts. ''I sure hope she means eating sausages and she doesn't have Roger stashed in the cupboard under the stairs.''

Ah, yes.

Roger.

Grammy's latest fancy man who, according to her, is playing both her and Mabel off against each other.

Yep. Move on over, Eastenders. Lilac Bay is the place to be for your non-stop drama!

''Please don't get her started on Roger,'' Mum sighs. ''At least, not until I'm too drunk to care.''

''Oh dear,'' I deadpan. ''One of those days?''

''I took her to the Post Office this morning for her pension and it turns out Mabel's car had broken down so Roger had kindly offered to give her a lift. Needless to say, your Grandmother was not impressed.''

Jen shakes her head. ''What an ass**le,'' she offers. ''That's just plain rude, isn't it?''

Mum shrugs and tops up all of our wine glasses, emptying the bottle.

''What can you do? Have you ever tried arguing with my mother, Jen?''

I grimace at the thought.

''No, but I reckon we could have a good old gossip together.'' Jen grins and takes her glass back from Mum. ''Thank you. I reckon we could get this Roger out of her system.''

''Yes, but who will replace him?'' Mum sits back and crosses her legs, ever the lady. I must have missed that gene.

''With any luck,'' I say in a flat voice. ''A cat will.''

Mum and Jen both laugh loudly into their wine glasses. I smirk at them and before I know it the three of us are shaking with laughter.

''Oh, my.'' Mum wipes at her eyes. ''When did you develop a sense of humour, Lexy?'' She sighs.

I smile sadly at her. ''About the time I started to become a spoilt brat, I guess.''

''Then it's a good job you found me again,'' Jen says seriously.

''It is?'' I raise an eyebrow at her.

''Yep.'' She smiles smugly. ''If you'd waited any longer to come back to the Bay, your head would have been so far up your ass not even I would have been able to pull it out!''

We laugh again and I throw a pillow at her.

For the first time in five years, I've remembered what true friendship is like.

~

An hour later, our party has been gatecrashed by Alec and Carl. Bing's friend, Matt, is here too, so us women are slightly outnumbered.

''I shouldn't have told them I was having a barbecue.'' Grammy shakes her head and giggles. ''Men and food.''

''And beer,'' Mum adds.

''And women,'' I say, glancing at Matt. He keeps looking over at me and Jen.

''Oh yeah.'' Jen nods in agreement. ''Talking about men, Vi..''

''I'm gonna go grab another wine bottle or two.'' Mum makes a swift exit.

Damn it. She used my line!

''I hear Roger is fancying a bit of both you and Mabel!'' Jen carries on.

''Well, I never!'' Grammy leans over. ''Her car has broken down, apparently. Do you know, Jennifer, I don't believe it for a second!'' She thumps the plastic table between us. ''Damn her, she's trying to get in there with my man.''

My lips curl up slightly and I bring my glass up to hide my smile. Alec catches my eye from the patio and I watch him as him and my Dad flip the burgers.

Beautiful isn't a word I'd use to describe a guy, but Alec is pretty beautiful. I think it's his eyes, simply because they stand out so much.

As if he can sense my gaze on him he turns his head and smiles at me, one that takes my breath away and makes me blush. I lower my gaze and when I glance back up he's laughing at me silently.

''Well, Vi, if you want my honest opinion,'' Jen says nonchalantly, pulling me back into the conversation.

''Oh, I do.'' Grammy nods furiously.

''I think he's trying to have his cake and eat it too, with an extra helping of dickhead.''

I snort and cover my mouth to stop my drink flying everywhere. Grammy's eyes are wide and Jen gives us a look that says she gets it.

I cough slightly and pat my chest. ''Dear god, Jen,'' I manage.

''I thought you might say that,'' Grammy sighs. ''I might just get myself a cat instead.''

I laugh, my earlier comment coming back to me. I have a future in clairvoyance, for sure.

''Samuel Edwards, you turn that song back on!'' Mum shouts and appears on the porch brandishing two bottles of wine as weapons. We all look her way.

''Mum..'' Bing groans.

''Turn. It. Back.'' She's using her no-nonsense, no arguments tone. Bing rolls his eyes and flicks back a song on the iPod dock.

Michael Buble.

I smile as Mum puts the bottles down and begins to sing. My mum has the voice of an angel, but it's not something she flaunts. She has a husky quality to her voice that you couldn't get if you paid for it.

She puts a hand out to me.

''I'm not that drunk yet.'' I glance at the porch.

I can't believe that I'm your man, and I get to kiss you, baby, just because I can, Alec mouths and winks. I smile and Mum pulls me up.

''Alexis,'' she warns.

''Fine,'' I sigh and let her twirl me around.

''And in this crazy life, and through these crazy times, its you, it you, you make me sing,'' Mum sings.

''You're every line, you're every word, you're everything,'' I reply.

She spins me and Dad takes her hand. Two hands land on my waist and I spin into Alec.

''It's you, it's you,'' he whispers in a sing-song voice.

I giggle, feeling the effects of Mum's unlimited wine pouring and the high from the dancing. I step into him and slip my arms around his waist, resting my head on his shoulder. He wraps his arm around me.

''Nope.'' I smile into his neck. ''It's you, you make me sing.''

I feel him smile into my hair and I close my eyes.

''Alec, do you know something?'' I whisper.

''I know lots of things,'' he chuckles.

''Shush,'' I giggle again. ''I have to tell you something.''

''What? That when my Princess is drunk she's really cute?''

''I'm not drunk. Not very, anyway.'' I frown. ''Stop distracting me!''

Alec looks down at me. ''I'm sorry, baby. What did you want to tell me?''

I grin. ''Not much, but you should know I've turned out liking you a lot more than I originally planned to.''

His smile says it all. It says that he knows, that he's happy, but it's his eyes that tell me like is a weak word for how he really feels.

And I'm pretty sure my eyes say the same.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

ALEXIS

''You make me sick.''

''You're just jealous.''

''Of what?''

''Because the opposite sex gives me attention without me needing to get naked.''

''Load of rubbish.'' Bing slams the cupboard door.

''Is it?'' I look up from my phone and raise an eyebrow. ''What happened when you and Matt left here the other night, hmm?''

Bing looks at me and averts his gaze.

''That's what I thought, Bing.'' I slide off the counter and drop my phone into my bag.

''Shut up.''

''Really? That's your comeback? Devon's making you soft.''

''You're pretty wrapped up in Alec, you realise.'' Bing turns suddenly and his eyes meet mine.

''Your point?'' I stop, my bag resting in my elbow.

''I just..'' He runs a hand through his messy bed hair. ''It just isn't like my sister to be so into a guy. It's weird.''

''Ahhh.'' I nod and smile. ''Now I get it. My hard nut big brother is worried I'll get hurt.''

''You're my sister, unfortunately, so I have to care.''

''Gee, thanks.'' I say sarcastically. ''If I get hurt, I'm a big girl, Bing, I can deal with it, but don't worry, you'll be the first to know.'' I stop at the kitchen door. ''After all, you are my brother. Unfortunately.'' I grin and skip out of the house.

I slide my sunglasses onto my face and step onto the pavement, the burning midday sun hitting me full force. As I make my way to Cara's to meet Alec, I find myself wishing for some rain.

I sigh. Maybe coming to Devon instead of Spain was a good idea if I'm fed up of the heat already.

My hair sticks to the back of my neck and I pull it away, welcoming the cold air from Cara's cafe as I push the door open. Surprisingly, it's practically empty in the cafe - not even Alec is here.

It's just like him to keep me waiting.

Hands slap over my eyes and I shriek a little in shock. Alec laughs and I spin round, narrowing my eyes at him.

''Necessary?'' I ask.

''Always.'' He bends his head and kisses me. I lean back slightly and he puts a hand on my back, holding me to him.

''Hello to you too,'' I laugh.

''Mm.'' He licks his lips. ''Strawberry.''

I roll my eyes playfully. ''Ice cream?''

''Obviously.'' Alec exaggerates an eye roll and I nudge him with my shoulder. ''Like I'd bring you to Cara's and not buy you ice cream!''

I grin and bound up to the counter. Cara looks up and smiles, her auburn hair pulled into a ponytail that swishes when she moves.

''Mornin' kids!'' Cara smiles at us. ''Usual?''

I bite my lip. ''Have I really been here that much already this summer?''

''Lexy.'' Cara grabs a cone. ''You've had strawberry ice cream since you were five. Only strawberry.''

''Your memory is something else, Cara.'' I shake my head in wonder.

''But to answer your question,'' she scoops the ice cream, ''yes, you have been.''

''Oops.'' I grin and shrug one shoulder. ''My bad.''

She hands me a cone and scoops up Alec's vanilla.

''Boring,'' I mutter.

''Hey.'' He looks at me, offended, as he hands Carl's mum the money.

''Just saying,'' I lick my ice cream. His eyes flicker down.

''No distracting me from what I was gonna say, you.'' He opens the door and I wave goodbye to Cara.

''Me? Distract you? Never!'' I swirl my tongue around the top of it.

''Princess,'' he warns.

Ignoring him, I pull the flake from the cone and suck off the ice cream, moving towards the beach.

Alec coughs. I glance at him slyly.

''Yes?''

''Can you, er, shit. Can you not suck the flake that way?'' he says in a slightly husky, strained voice.

''Why?'' I ask innocently. He scratches behind his ear.

''Because it, um, might be putting thoughts into my head.''

''Oh yeah?'' I grin. ''Like what?''

He laughs and shakes his head. ''You're terrible.''

''What?'' I suck the flake again. ''Maybe sucking the flake makes me think things too.''

He does a double take and stops, holding his ice cream halfway to his mouth. He swallows.

''It does?''

''Yep.'' I step closer to him. ''Like how good my ice cream would look in your face!'' I push it into his nose and run across the sand, giggling.

''Oh, that's it!'' He calls after me and chases me across the beach. Because of my uncontrollable laughter, he catches me in seconds and I get my payback - his ice cream in my face. I giggle even more and he gets his phone out, snapping a few pictures of us together.

I look at it - ice cream is smeared across both of our faces, on our noses and across our cheeks. Alec ducks his head and kisses along my cheeks, his tongue flicking out slightly, licking the ice cream off. He kisses my nose and then my lips, putting a stop to my giggles. I do the same back to him and he pulls me close.

''Ah hell, Princess, you're amazing.'' He kisses me again and I smile against his lips.

''I'd say the same to you, but we all know about your ego,'' I tease.

He mock frowns at me and I kiss him again, gently grazing his bottom lip with my teeth. He groans quietly and presses his hands to my back, pushing me flush against him. His tongue snakes out and runs the length of my top lip. I shiver, entwining my hands into his hair.

He kisses me harder, deeper, and my stomach flutters. I stand on my tiptoes, arching my back slightly as if I can get even closer to him and his hand runs along the hem of my top. I move my hands through his hair and I want him.

I want Alec, badly.

He pulls back and rests his forehead against mine, breathing deeply.

''Fuck, Princess.'' He breathes out. ''You can't do that in public. I might not be able to stop myself next time.''

''Then next time, I'll make sure we're not in public,'' I whisper back.

He opens his eyes. The blue in them in more pronounced, and I can see it swirling, see his inner battle against his desires.

''You.'' His breath crawls along my lips in a gentle caress, ''are gonna be the death of me, Princess.''

''Oh yeah?''

''Yes.''

''No-one else-''

Alec tightens his grip on me. ''Forget about all the other girls before you. They are nothing, Princess, nothing compared to you. There's only one girl I want and I'm looking at her right now. There's only one girl I need, and I'm holding her right now. You, are everything to me.''

I press my face into his neck and hold him tight. ''Everything?''

''Yeah, Princess.'' He turns his face towards mine and I feel him breathe in deeply. ''Everything.''

His arms circle my waist. We're so close that anyone looking on won't be able to tell where one of us starts and the other finishes.

So close.

Too close, to ever let go.

ALEC

I exhale sharply and shake my head against her. She's driving me crazy with every look, every touch, every kiss, and she doesn't even get the half of it. She doesn't understand just how much I want her.

She can't comprehend how much I want her. Hell, not even I can make sense of it. I just know that I do. Bad.

~

ALEXIS

''If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?'' I tilt my head to the side and look up at Alec.

''Australia,'' he replies.

''For the surfing?''

''Nope,'' he rolls his head and his eyes meet mine. ''I'd take you with me, and we'd go diving in the Great Barrier Reef.''

I grin. ''Well, if you ever get the money for that, let me know.''

''Oh, I will.'' He laughs. ''Maybe one day I'll take you.''

''One day as in the next four weeks?''

He stops laughing. ''This doesn't have to end just because you're going back to London, Princess.''

I sigh and watch seagulls pick at the sand. ''I just don't see how it will work.''

''Is that what you want?'' He puts a hand on my cheek and turns my face. ''For this to end when you go back to London?''

''No,'' I say quietly. ''It's not what I want, Alec, at all. I just don't..''

''Don't think about it.'' His thumb strokes my cheek. ''Four weeks is a long time. We don't have to worry about that yet. Let's just enjoy the time we do have together right now, okay?''

I swallow the lump that formed in my throat at the thought of leaving him. I nod my head slowly and rest it on his shoulder. He pulls me closer to him and strokes my hair.

''Don't be sad, baby,'' he says softly. ''We'll work it out, I promise.''

I nod again.

A month ago this was the last place I wanted to be, Alec was the last guy I wanted to be with.

Now? Now, Lilac Bay is the only place I wanna be, and Alec is the only guy I wanna be with.

''Where would you go?'' he asks me suddenly.

''What?''

''If you could go anywhere, where would you go?''

''Hmmh'' I think for a second. ''Hawaii.''

''Hawaii?'' Alec shifts so I can see his face. ''Why Hawaii?''

''I'd take you with me. You could surf and while you're doing that I could check out all the other surfers.'' I shrug and grin playfully.

''Hey!'' He flips me so I'm lying on my back. ''The only surfer you're gonna be ogling is me, Princess.''

''Is that so?'' I raise my eyebrows in challenge.

''Damn right,'' he growls.

I see two figures approaching over his shoulder and smooth out my expression.

''What about if I ogled Carl?'' I ask innocently.

Carl snorts behind him and Jen laughs loudly.

''Honey, be my guest. I ogle your guy all the time and I ain't ashamed of it!'' she calls.

Alec drops his forehead to my shoulder and shakes with laughter. I cover my mouth to hold in my giggles.

''Ahem,'' Carl coughs. Jen looks over at him warily.

''Hey, baby. You look good today,'' she tries with a wink.

''Jennifer.''

''Uh oh.'' Jen stops and her eyes widen. ''I'm in trouble.''

''Do you wanna repeat that?'' Carl offers.

''I'm in trouble?'' Jen repeats.

''No. What you said about ogling my best friend?'' He raises his eyebrows.

''Um, I'm gonna go out on a limb here and vote for 'no'?''

Carl stalks towards her and she holds her hands out.

''Wrong answer, huh?'' she quips.

''Right answer.'' He shakes his head and grabs her waist, pulling her against him. ''I just plan on reminding you exactly why I'm the one you should be ogling, girl.''

He cups the back of her head and kisses her. I see Jen double take before she wraps her arms around his neck.

''Yeah,'' Alec coughs. ''That'll do it.''

I look at him. ''If not, she's got a problem.''

''We all know Jen has problems.''

''Excuse me!'' She pulls back from Carl and skips over to us.

''You're excused,'' Alec smirks.

Jen taps his shoulder. ''You can get off her now, you know. She's not gonna run away, more fool her.''

Alec laughs and rolls over, propping himself up on his elbow.

''Maybe, maybe not.'' I shrug. ''I'm still deciding.''

''Oi,'' Alec pokes my side and I squirm.

''No poking.'' I jab him back.

He looks up at Carl with a puzzled expression. ''She says 'no poking', yet she pokes me?''

Carl shrugs. ''Don't ask me, mate. I'm still trying to figure out the female species.''

Jen frowns. ''Species?''

''It's because you're superior, baby. Us lowly males won't ever be able to understand you.'' Carl kisses her hand.

''That's just a roundabout way of calling us complicated bitches.''

''See?'' Carl looks back at Alec. ''How she got that from what I said I'll never know.''

''It's because that's what you meant.'' I shrug.

''Maybe, but how did you get that from it?''

''It's not what you say, Carl, it's what you don't say.'' I explain.

''And being the superior race, we can sense what it is you don't say.'' Jen pokes Carl.

''Okay, baby,'' Carl agrees.

Jen narrows her eyes and I catch Alec's eye. He raises an eyebrow and smirks.

I smile at him. He links our fingers on my stomach and his thumb strokes the back of my hand.

''They're lost in Lexy-Alec land again,'' Jen sighs.

I smile over at her, amused, and Alec shifts closer to me. His body presses against my side and I automatically tilt towards him.

He's like a magnet - one I'm incapable of resisting, a pull I'm unable to fight.

His hand runs through my hair and he presses his lips to my forehead gently.

I bite the inside of my cheek, holding back what I want to say. The words stick in my throat and I turn my head towards him.

Actions speak louder than words.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

ALEXIS

''See him?'' Alec points over my shoulder. ''That's Benny Hansen. He's won four years in a row. Owns the farm just outside the Bay.''

''Right.'' I look at the beefy guy with a red face. ''And he'll win this year?''

''Maybe.'' Alec shrugs one shoulder and leans back against his car. ''It's hit and miss, but it's likely.''

''You say it like it's so serious.''

He turns raised eyebrows on me. ''Princess, this is serious in the Bay. You either got it or you don't, and if you got it, this is the day to prove it. Look around, it's not even ten yet and the place is packed.''

''Precisely, it's not even ten yet.'' I lean back next to him with a huff. ''So I have no idea why I'm here. I'm not even local.''

''You're here because besides your brother, you're the only person that isn't local.'' Alec laughs, wrapping an arm around my waist. ''You're local by blood, little city girl.''

I wrinkle my nose up and look up at him. ''I wore wellies yesterday. I think we can say I'm a country girl. At least, a bit of me is.''

Alec screws his mouth up to the side. ''Is it wrong if I admit I find you in wellies kinda sexy?''

''Uhh..'' I giggle. ''Yeah, yeah it is.''

''Hmph,'' he smirks. ''Well, it is sexy. Wrong or not, I can't lie.''

''I was digging up weeds!''

''And now you're back at the beach, where you're comfortable, Princess.'' He pushes off from the car and pulls me with him. He grabs my big beach bag from the back seat and we make our way onto the sand.

The whole town has to be here. Literally, the whole town. Seriously, who knew a sandcastle competition was such a big deal?

''Come on.'' Alec tugs at my waist. ''I want a good spot.''

''It's sandcastles, Alec,'' I remind him.

''Yes, Miss Smarty Pants,'' he teases with a grin. ''I know that. It's fun trying to guess what everyone is building. For the last two years we've had our own competition. You have to guess what each castle is, and at the end of it the loser has to buy everyone a drink.''

I frown. ''How do you know if someone's cheating?''

''You write it down.'' He shrugs. ''It's a game you wanna play, since Carl lost both years.''

I grin as we find a spot to sit down by the rocks. Even here, people are set up for the competition.

''Okay, you're on.'' I lay my towel out. ''How come no one ever gets the news or paper down here? Isn't Woolacombe's sand castle competition massive?''

''That's why we don't get them here. Woolacombe's competition was last week or something. We keep them close. Lilac Bay is too small for too many tourists.''

I nod my agreement. The only people that ever holiday here are family members that live elsewhere, like us.

I pull my dress over my head and lie on the towel on my front, all too aware of Alec's eyes on me. His hot gaze sends tingles through my body. I clear my throat and his eyes snap to mine.

''Do you mind?'' I ask.

''Nope.'' He pulls his top off and lies next to me so our arms are touching. ''I don't mind looking at you in a bikini at all.''

I roll my eyes and prop my chin on my hands, watching chaos unfolding as a klaxon sounds and the competition begins.

Alec's finger trails lightly up my arm, over my shoulder and down my spine leaving goose pimples in its wake. He draws absent circles on the skin above my bikini bottoms. I swallow and try to ignore the feelings crawling across my skin but it's virtually impossible. My skin blazes where he's touched me, igniting hotter than the sun that burns down onto us. I glance at him out the side of my sunglasses. His eyes are fixed to me and I squirm under his intense gaze, looking away again.

Deep breath, Alexis!

My shoulders roll as I shiver. Alec's hand presses flat on my back then slides round, cupping my hip. He scoots even closer and mimics my position, pressing his cheek against mine.

''You did that deliberately,'' I accuse in a hushed voice.

''Can you blame me?'' he asks innocently, turning his face so his lips sweep across my cheek. ''If you had any idea how f**king hot you look right now, you wouldn't.''

A blush creeps onto my cheeks as he kisses my earlobe.

''Alec, public,'' I remind him. He groans.

''If there was a way to magic these people away right now, I'd do it,''' he whispers. ''I know I said we'd go at your pace, Princess, but when you lie there like that right in front of me, my patience is really tested.''

''You don't need to wait, Alec.''

''Huh?'' He pulls back slightly and his blue grey eyes bore into mine.

Have I not been obvious enough? Or is he just being typically dense and male?

''Good morning my little daffodils,'' Jen sings and drops to the sand in front of us. ''I wasn't interrupting anything, was I? Cause you should know, you'd have one hell of an audience.''

A smile creeps onto my face as I turn to look at her. ''No, no. As much as Romeo here thinks so, he'd be wrong.''

''Romeo and Juliet had a tragic love story,'' Carl inputs.

''Yeah.'' Alec kisses my temple. ''But it was only tragic because they were so in love. That tragic kind of love is the kind that consumes you until you can't do anything but live and breathe it. When you have that kind of love, you know you've found what true love is all about. So really, when you think about it, dying for the person you love isn't all that tragic at all.''

I glance at him as Jen gapes. He's looking at me again, an indiscernible look in his eyes. I gaze at him, my eyes narrowed slightly.

He talks like he knows. Like he knows what it's like to be so deeply in love you'd do anything, be anyone and go anywhere for that person.

I swallow my gasp. His lips twitch and he kisses me softly.

''Dude, someone needs to confiscate those Spiderman pants and give you the big boys boxers,'' Carl shakes his head.

And I'm pretty sure that in a roundabout way, Alec Johnson just admitted he was in love.

With me.

~

''Do you really believe that Romeo and Juliet weren't tragic?'' I ask as we lie staring at the stars on the now deserted beach.

''I guess it depends on your definition of tragic,'' he replies quietly, shifting so he's on his side. ''To some people it would be. It kinda sucks. I mean, he did kill himself and she wasn't even dead, after all, but it's kinda beautiful too.''

''I don't get it.'' I make out Orion and trace the constellation with my eyes.

''Think how much they must have loved each other to die for it, to know there was no one else in the world they'd ever love. That's a whole lotta love, Princess.''

''I guess,'' I say softly, earlier still playing on my mind.

''What's on your mind, pretty girl?'' Alec twirls a piece of my hair between his fingers and squeezes my waist.

''Nothing,'' I fib. ''Just thinking about what you said.''

''What I said earlier,'' he sighs.

''What?'' I turn my head so my eyes meet his.

"I love that you still don't get it." His lips curl up on one side.

"Get what?"

"What you do to me. What you mean to me."

"What do I do to you?" I raise my eyebrows.

"Drive me crazy," he answers, rolling over so we're facing each other. I'm tucked tightly in his arms, our faces millimetres apart.

"You tell me that every day." I smile and tap my finger against his chest.

"You want me to get soppy, don't you?" He closes his eyes, still smiling.

"Maybeeee," I tease.

He opens his eyes and the smile is gone from his face, his eyes are whirlpools of emotion.

"You're like my drug. I don't know if I'll ever get enough of you. Every day I need another kiss, another smile, another fix from you. I just need more. You make me crazy, Princess, out of my mind crazy." He strokes my back in lazy circles. "I could stare at you all day and never get bored of the view, I could listen to you speak about anything and everything and never get sick of the sound of your voice. I don't know how you've managed it, but you're so under my skin you're practically a part of it."

I close my eyes and lean forward. I'm not brave enough to tell him I feel the same about him and more. I'm not brave enough to admit that 'falling in love' has changed to fallen in love. Not yet.

"You're an addiction," he continues softly, his breath fanning across my lips. "But I like it. You're the one addiction I don't want to ever give up. You're the one addiction I won't ever be able to give up."

He brushes his lips across mine twice, his touch feather light.

''What if you're my Juliet, Princess? Does that scare you?''

''Does it scare me that Lilac Bay's bad boy seducer could be in love with me?'' I raise my eyebrows. ''No.. I.. I don't think so.''

''But what if he knew that one day, he'd love you enough to take a bullet for you?''

''Then maybe,'' I whisper, running my fingers up his arm. ''Maybe the city girl would say that's okay, because maybe Lilac Bay's bad boy is her Romeo.''

''On one condition,'' he whispers back.

''What's that?''

''Juliet doesn't die before Romeo.''

''But I don't want Romeo to die first again.''

''Then they die together. One of... natural causes and the other of a broken heart.'' His lips curl to one side.

''Sounds like a master plan,'' I agree, smiling too.

''What if, hypothetically,'' Alec muses, ''Romeo said he was in love with Juliet. Not a could be. For definite.''

I stop breathing.

Thump. Thump. Thump.

My heart goes crazy in my chest.

''I think I might go so far as to say it's mutual,'' I say quietly and meet his eyes, swallowing back my fear and dropping the word play. ''But I've always thought words are seriously overrated, so you could always show me.''

He swallows. ''Show you?''

I nod at him seriously. ''Show me.''

''Show you... how?''

''You know how.'' My voice is quieter than even a whisper and he tightens his grip on me, pulling me closer to him.

"Are you sure?" Alec asks, looking at me intently.

"Positive," I reply. "I won't be here forever, Alec, and I know I've been waiting for you."

"I just don't want you to regret it, Princess."

''Like I could regret it with you.''

ALEC

I look at her for a moment. My eyes search her face for any sign of resistance, any sign she's still unsure about what she's asking for.

Nothing. She wants it.

She wants me.

I cup the back of her head and kiss her, all the pent-up need, want and tension of the last few weeks leaving me in that second.

ALEXIS

I sink back into the sand, taking him with me. He runs one hand down my side, slipping it beneath my top and caresses my bare skin. Tingles run down my spine and I kiss him ferociously.

I need him. I need all of him.

His lips leave mine as he kisses a tender path along my jaw, on my earlobe, down my neck. A small moan escapes my mouth as his tongue darts out and licks the tender spot below my ear.

Alec's hand moves down my leg and I bring it up. He gently caresses my foot, my ankle, my calf.. He strokes his way up my thigh to my hip where he rests his hand, his fingers toying with the waistband of my skirt.

I run my hands down his muscular back and grip the bottom of his shirt, slowly pulling it up. He lifts his head enough for me to pull it over his head and looks down at me. The moon is shining behind him, and with the shadows dancing across his face all I can see is the brightness of his eyes.

His hand moves to my shoulders and he pulls down one of my straps, pressing gentle kisses against my tanned skin, reaching down towards the swell of my chest.

"Alec," I half-breathe, half-moan.

"You're so beautiful," he says softly against my ear. He slides one side of my skirt down slowly, then the other, before finally taking it off.

I know he's teasing me. I'm going crazy with want, with need, with feelings.

No, he's not teasing me. He's making it special, making it something to remember, and although I've yet to say the words, I love him all the more for it.

His fingertips brush the patch of skin above my lacy pants and my breath catches. Holy..

"Sit up," he whispers. He helps me up and slowly removes my top before lying me back down again.

His eyes sweep my body, the look in them sending sparks of passion through me.

He takes my mouth in a kiss once more, more forcefully, and I can feel his length pressing against the inside of my thigh. I push myself against him, wanting more, needing more than he's giving me right now.

His tongue pushes through into my mouth and I tangle my fingers in his hair. My hips buck involuntarily and he groans. He reaches his hand down to remove his jeans and his knuckles stroke the part of me that's almost crying his name.

"Fuck, Lexy," he groans again and kicks off his jeans.

Alec puts his hand in my hair and brings it down across me, stroking my br**sts, my stomach, my thighs, and finally,

Oh finally!

His hand settles between my legs. I inch my legs open, inviting him. My breathing is shallow. I can feel the blood pumping through my body in a hard, fast beat, flowing and racing through my veins and converging in one area.

He moves the material to the side and runs a finger along the wetness. I moan incoherently and he kisses my neck.

"Like that?" he whispers between kisses, his finger stroking and probing.

I moan again in reply and push my hips towards him.

"Alec, please." I lick my lips and close my eyes for a second.

"It's not too late to change your mind.'' He continues his kissing, stroking, probing.

"Alec.'' His name is a whispered plea on my lips and I feel him shiver.

"I love it when you say my name that way." He hooks his fingers in my underwear and removes them in one fluid motion. He stands and pulls off his boxers, and holy shit.

He's like a god.

He smiles sexily, dimples showing, and my body goes into overdrive.

He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small square of foil. I shake my head.

''No.''

''What?'' He looks at me, eyes heated and wide. Did the temperature just go up by a few degrees, or is it the look in his eyes?

''I'm on the pill,'' I say quietly.

He lies back on top of me and gently pushes my legs open, settling the tip of him against me.

''Why didn't you say so,'' he says against the skin of my shoulder. ''I wouldn't have wasted those thirty seconds.''

I laugh-moan and hold him tightly. ''Alec, please. Me and you, please.''

"For you, anything, Princess. Now, relax," he says, stroking my thigh. I nod and think of nothing but him.

He pushes into me slowly and pain spikes through me. I tense.

"Whenever you're ready," he whispers and kisses me again.

I relax almost instantly and he pushes in again. The pain is still there, but I ignore it, focusing on the feel of him inside me.

He continues moving in slowly, then pulls back. He eases himself back in and I run my hands over his back, up to his neck and back down as he increases his speed slightly.

"Okay, Princess?"

I nod against his shoulder and wrap my legs around his waist, pulling me closer to him, letting him in deeper. My breathing quickens and I can feel his heart beating through his chest, matching mine.

We move in sync, as one.

I know I'll never experience another moment like this again.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

ALEXIS

Have you ever had that feeling that everyone is watching you?

I glance around the kitchen table for the fiftieth time this morning. Dad's reading the paper, Mum's talking to Gram and Bing is eyeing me curiously.

I swallow and concentrate back on my breakfast. Of course, it would be Bing.

''Tesco then, Mum.'' Mum stands and helps Grammy up.

''Of course, dear. I just need to take my heartburn tablets.'' She shuffles across the kitchen to the cupboard.

''Si, are you coming or is the paper attached to your face?'' Mum asks him.

''It's attached to my face, darling. I'll have to give this a miss,'' Dad replies without missing a beat.

''He's not even reading the business section,'' Bing mumbles.

''Samuel,''

''He's reading the gossip section,'' he carries on. ''John Terry cheated again.''

''Simon, up!'' Mum orders, snatching the paper. She glances at it. ''What a no good bastard.''

''I sold him a house once. He bought you that diamond necklace,'' Dad huffs.

''Then he may have it back.'' Mum dumps the paper in the bin and Dad rolls his eyes, waving goodbye as he follows Mum and Gram out.

The door shuts.

''Something is wrong with you,'' Bing states, leaning his chair back and rocking.

''Why would there be anything wrong with me?'' I blink.

''You're quiet. No snarky remarks, sarcastic smirks or anything. He rubs his chin. ''Something..''

''I have no idea what you're on about,'' I say nonchalantly and put my bowl in the sink.

''Knock knock.'' Alec opens the front door. ''Your Gram said to just come in.''

''Morning,'' Bing says, flicking his phone up.

''Good morning, beautiful.'' Alec kisses me and I flush.

''Oh-ho!'' Bing cackles. ''You finally loosened up!''

''Fuck off,'' I mumble and clean up the dishes, hiding my face behind my hair.

''Aw, my baby sister is all grown up.''

''Bing,'' I groan, resting my forehead against the sink.

''Going, I'm going.'' He backs out of the room.

Alec puts a hand on my back and I straighten up.

''Good morning,'' I mutter.

''Still embarrassed?'' He pushes my hair from my face and tucks it behind my ear.

''When my brother finds out, yes.''

''Don't be embarrassed. It's only me now,'' he whispers in my ear. ''And I know every part of you.''

I blush again and step away. ''Okay. I'm going to get dressed.'' I run my hand through my hair.

Alec leans back on the counter and folds his arms, smirking. ''Don't get dressed on my account, Princess.''

I exhale sharply and turn, nodding my head. ''I'll be back in a minute.''

I run from the kitchen and up the stairs to my room. I shut the door and shake my head. Damn guy turns me to mush with one look. I slap my cheeks and pull a dress from the closet.

Knock.

''What?'' I yell through the door. It opens a crack and I turn.

Alec slips in and smiles at me. He moves over to my bed and lies back without a word. I raise my eyebrows.

''Can I help you?''

''No.'' He grins. ''Well, you could..''

''What do you want?'' I try to hide my smile.

''Okay,'' he clears his throat. ''I thought I'd come and talk to you. After all, it's nothing I haven't seen before.''

He puts his arms behind his head making his biceps tense. His top rides up slightly and I can see his muscle peeking out. Okay, Mr. Hotstuff. Two of us can play at this game.

''Okay.'' I shrug and drape my dress over the chair. I step out of my pyjama bottoms, kicking them into the laundry basket and pull the top over my head. I hook my thumbs into my pants and pull them down, kicking them into the basket the same way I did with the shorts.

I hear Alec inhale loudly as I bend over to reach for some underwear. Floorboards creak as I clip my bra together and settle it in place. Warm hands settle on my waist as I straighten from putting on my pants.

Alec's hand slides up and across my stomach, cupping my breast. He peppers kisses along my bare shoulder, holding me against him. I freeze and take a deep breath.

''So beautiful,'' he murmurs against my skin.

''Alec,'' I breathe out.. ''My br-''

He spins me and my lips meet his. He pulls my hips into his and I hold onto his arms. His kiss is hard and hot, his tongue slipping in and caressing mine, demanding it reciprocate. It does. I'm powerless to stop my reaction to him.

We walk sideways across my room and drop back onto the bed slowly. His hand runs up my side, massaging my skin softly with his fingers. I fist his hair and hook my legs around his waist.

''Are you sore?'' he asks as he nibbles my earlobe.

I shake my head. ''No, I'm okay.''

''Good.'' He grazes his teeth down my neck and I clamp my teeth together. Holy shit.

A loud bang reminds me we're not alone.

''I hope no one is taking advantage of my sister,'' Bing calls and whistles as he walks past.

Alec drops his forehead onto my shoulder and breathes deeply for a minute. ''Okay. I'm good.''

I giggle silently and kiss his cheek, aching everywhere he touched me. I wriggle out from under him and stand up, grabbing my dress and slipping it over my head.

''I need a cold shower or something,'' he mutters, rubbing his forehead. I half-smile at him and cross the room towards him. He looks up at me from where he's sat on the edge of the bed and I rub my thumb across his cheek.

The words.. They're stuck in my throat.

Again.

Alec smiles and takes my hand, standing up and hugging me to him. ''One day,'' he says softly. ''One day, Princess, when you're ready, you'll say it. But I know, okay? I know.''

I nod against his chest and he strokes my hair. I tilt my head up and kiss him softly.

''Don't do that,'' he laughs. ''Or we'll never leave this room.''

''Gotcha.'' I step back and wink. I grab my bag and walk to the door. I look over my shoulder. ''Are you coming?''

Alec looks up from my ass. ''Yep. I think I am.''

I roll my eyes and make my way downstairs. One track mind.

~

''Left a bit.''

''You think?''

''Yep. Definitely left.'' Jen nods once. I look in the mirror over my shoulder.

''Okay. Lets do it.'' I hold the paper to my skin and walk into the room.

The guy traces it onto my skin and I meet Jen's eyes. She grins manically at me and I breathe deeply when the machine starts up. I hold in my flinch at the first touch of the needle, but I'm surprised when it doesn't really hurt. It's more of a stingy tickle.

Half an hour later, I'm out of there.

''I can't believe you actually did it.'' Jen shakes her head. ''I thought your ass would sprint ten towns away when the machine started up.''

''I'm not a wimp,'' I laugh and nudge her with my elbow. ''It didn't even hurt that much.''

''Like a prickly vibrator, right?''

I snort. ''A prickly vibrator?''

''Yeah. All buzzy but with a little pain.'' Jen shrugs.

''Should I be alarmed you're referring getting a tattoo to a prickly vibrator?'' I look at her sideways and we step onto the bus.

''No.'' She hands over our tickets. ''This is me.''

''You make a very good point there,'' I laugh and sit down.

''Well, yeah.''

My phone pings at me and I take it out of my pocket.

Are you on your way back yet? Xx

Just got on the bus, I reply. Why, are you missing me? Xx

Always. Xx

I smile slightly and put my phone away.

''He's like a dog on heat,'' Jen laughs.

''A dog on heat?'' I cover my mouth but my eyes give me away.

''Yep. Has it once and then wham, that's it, he needs it every day. If it gets too much, just remind him he has a right hand.''

I close my eyes and laugh into my hand. ''A right hand?'' I choke out.

''Well yeah.'' I look over at Jen and she makes the motion with her hand. ''He's capable of it, I'm sure.''

I take a couple of quick breaths and fan my face. ''Oh, Jen.''

''What?'' She blinks at me and shrugs. ''I'm just sayin'.''

She glances at me and smiles. She laughs, starting me off. We spend the next ten minutes of the bus journey laughing.

''Does Alec know you were getting a tattoo?'' Jen looks at me suspiciously.

''No,'' I half-smile. ''I told him I was going to buy some new underwear.''

She grins. ''And what did he say?''

''He swallowed a few times, stuttered, then told me to have fun.''

''Oh dear.'' She pushes the stop button and we climb off outside Cara's. Cara waves through the window and we push the door of the empty shop open.

''Have fun, girls?'' she asks, putting a strawberry ice cream and a chocolate one in front of us. ''My treat.''

''No,'' Jen protests. ''And yes, we did.''

''I insist,'' Cara winks at me. ''Good. Did you.. buy anything nice?'' She grins suggestively at me.

''I can't believe you just asked that question,'' I hear Carl say. ''It's wrong on any number of levels.''

''Well, did you?'' Alec runs his hands down my arms.

''Maybe.'' Me and Jen grin at each other.

''I don't see any bags,'' Carl states, scratching his head. ''Doesn't shopping with you two usually involve an unhealthy amount of carrier bags?''

''Meh.'' Jen shrugs and perches on one of the tall stools at the counter. ''Sometimes. Sometimes we can spend a lot and not have a whole lot to show for it.'' Her eyes twinkle.

Alec turns to Carl. ''Is it just me, mate, or are we missing something?''

Cara clears her throat and grins. ''Frog in my throat.''

''Something that even Muv is in on.'' Carl shakes his head. ''We should just leave the fairy princesses to their ice cream and go to the pub.''

''Fairy princesses? Do I look like something out of the f**king Nutcracker?'' Jen turns on the stool and raises her eyebrows at him. I purse my lips and smile.

''No, no, baby,'' Carl soothes. ''I just meant you're.. er.. magical.''

I laugh out loud and slap my hand over my mouth. ''Sorry. But magical?'' My eyebrows shoot up to under my hairline.

''Yeah, really?'' Alec leans on the counter. ''Explain yourself outta that one, boyo.''

''Fine,'' Carl turns back to Jen and tilts her face up to his. ''You're magical because your beauty enchants me, and you've cast a spell over me so strong I can't possibly break away from it.''

Jen looks at him, not saying anything. I see a muscle in her jaw twitch. I bite my tongue.

''You know, Carl,'' she says, touching his cheek. ''You've said some crazy things to me in two years, but in all my life have I never heard anything remotely like that. I have to say, baby, that is by far the worst line in the history of the world.''

Alec throws his head back, laughing and I hide my face in my hands.

Carl leans forward and whispers something in her ear and for the first time, I see Jen blush. She coughs and shoves him off her.

''Damn boy,'' she mutters. Carl smiles smugly and wraps his arms around her waist.

''If you wanna talk dirty to your girl, Carl Joseph, you do it away from your mother.'' Cara scolds him and flicks the back of his head with a dishcloth.

His mouth opens and closes a few times. ''Fine, then we'll take it outside.'' He grabs Jen's hand and pulls her from the stool. She squeals and waves as he drags her outside.

''That's them entertained for the afternoon.'' Alec chuckles and puts his mouth by my ear. ''I can think-''

''Same for you, Alec Johnson,'' Cara says without turning from her cleaning. ''Outside.''

Alec pauses for a moment then shrugs. ''If Carl needs me, I'll be at home. Busy.''

I smack his arm and he laughs.

''Gotcha.'' Cara waves over her shoulder and I look between them then shake my head. Apparently, sex is an open subject in this cafe. Whatever.

''What are we doing?'' I ask Alec when we're outside.

He threads his fingers through mine and kisses my knuckles, his eyes already darkening as he looks at me. ''We're going to entertain ourselves. I want to see what you bought.''

I swallow and nod. ''I'm not sure if you'll like it.''

''If it's on you,'' he says confidently, ''then I'm sure I'll like it. Unless you've got a tattoo.''

My heart misses a beat. ''Why?''

''Because I'm likely to find it sexy as f**k and you won't be leaving my bedroom for a long, long time.'' He winks at me and tugs me along the road. I smirk to myself.

There's my afternoon accounted for.

~

Alec's room is a midnight blue, from the carpet to the walls to his bedspread. It suits him. It's dark, dangerous, and a place you could easily lose yourself in. I look around and notice the pictures of us pinned to the wall.

I run my finger down one of them, of us when we had the ice cream on our faces.

''I love this picture,'' I say. ''It's my favourite.''

''And mine.'' He smiles at me over his shoulder and pushes his door closed.

''Won't your mum be home soon?''

He shakes his head. ''She's spending the day with her friends in Barnstaple, so I'll see her around lunchtime tomorrow.''

''Oh.'' I ignore his flirtatious look and turn back to the pictures. He sweeps hair from the left side of my neck away and wraps his arms around my waist from behind. His lips touch my skin, red hot, branding him to me. I squirm and wriggle in his hold.

''Is that all you ever think about?'' I tease.

''No...'' He nips my ear. ''Right now, I'm thinking about what you bought today.''

''Is that so? Well, you won't find it by nibbling on my neck.'' I laugh.

He sighs dramatically and presses one last kiss to my shoulder before letting me go. ''There goes today's fantasy.''

I poke his side. ''You're such a sex pest.''

''A sex pest?'' His stormy eyes twinkle from beneath his hair and his lips curl up at each side. ''A sex pest?''

''Yes.'' I hold in my giggle. ''One time, and you just want more.'' I remember Jen's words. ''You do have a right hand, you know.''

He laughs. ''But when I have a stupidly sexy girlfriend like you, why would I want to use my right hand? I mean, Princess, come on. You've seen yourself in the mirror.'' He grabs my waist and pulls my hips towards his. ''You've seen this body, the curves that fit in my hands perfectly, right?''

My nails graze his front as I run my hands up his chest. ''Funnily enough I see it every day.'' I turn my head and whisper into his ear. My hand holds his neck so his ear stays by my lips. ''But what about me, Alec, hm? What do I do when I have you?''

''You just want my dimples,'' he breathes in my ear.

''You caught me out.'' I press my lips against his ear. ''But what about if it's not the dimples on your face I'm after?''

''Who are you, and what have you done with my girlfriend?'' he whispers, running a hand through my hair. My head tilts back and he kisses down the middle of it to my collarbones. He sucks lightly.

''Alec,'' I say softly. ''You're insatiable.''

He chuckles and I right my head as he steps away, kicking off his shoes. ''And you still have to show me what you bought. You're probably still sore from yesterday so I want to give you a chance to settle before I show you what sex really is. Before I make love to you the way I want to.''

My breathing hitches and I nod once. ''It might be a good idea if I don't show you what I bought then..''

''Why?'' He looks back up. ''What did you buy, Princess?''

ALEC

She turns her back to me and slides the shoulder of her top down. She peels away some of a dressing, revealing a heart shaped tattoo with lines through it, dots on the side. She glances over her shoulder and one side of her mouth curls up slightly. I can feel my lids get heavy as they take in the tattoo.

I steps towards her slowly and she breathes in.

"Princess," I growl, pinching her top with my finger and thumb. "It's a good idea if you pull that up, because that's seriously testing my resolve."

I pat down the dressing and slide the material over her shoulder and my fingertip grazes her skin. She swallows and I can see her pulse racing in her neck.

ALEXIS

My eyes are fixed on his as they become a swirling mass of molten blue and grey, a moment frozen in time.

Alec spins me round and my back pushes against the wall. His lips meet mine, his kiss hot and desperate. His hands slide down my arms, my waist, cupping my hips. I grip his arms, pulling his body against mine as I return the kiss.

Hands slip down to my bare thighs and grip them. He lifts me, my legs wrap around his waist, his hands cup me behind pushing my body against his.

My hands slide down his back and tug his top up and I break the kiss to lift it over his head. My lips claim his again, my fingers wrap themselves in his hair.

My top rises up my stomach and my bare skin touches his for a second igniting red hot need between us.

"Get it off. I want to kiss every last inch of your beautiful skin," Alec orders in a husky voice. "All of it, Princess. Off. Now."

I slide it over my head and my skin sticks to his. I can feel every muscle in his body as one of his hands spread across my back sending tingles to hidden places. He pulls me from the wall and drops me on the bed next to us.

His lips leave mine and trace a gentle line down my jaw, leaving the fiery kisses for my neck and collarbone.

I gasp as he slides his hand down my front, his fingertips barely grazing my skin yet still sending electricity to every part of my body, his lips never leaving me.

I move my legs and hook my toes into the waistband of his jeans, pushing them down his legs. Alec steps out of them and looks down at me through heavy eyes. He's panting slightly and I wanna grab him, grab him, rip off any material separating us and pull him right into me.

"You," he kisses my neck, "are," collarbone, "so," chest, "beautiful," stomach. I close my eyes.

He slides my skirt and undies off in one smooth motion. I feel his weight on top of me a minute later and I grip his back, pushing my heels into his ass as he moves inside me.

"Alec," I gasp, need filling me in a sweaty, hot burst.

He kisses me, his tongue tracing gentle circles in my mouth. One arm wraps around my back pushing my hips closer to him, him further into me. I hold his back tighter as we move together and I arch my body.

"Mine," he whispers heavily in my ear.

"Yours," I breathe back and mumble out a moan.

"Always." He nips my earlobe, a direct line to my lower stomach. My muscles clench.

I press my mouth to his neck, my breathing a crazy rhythm that matches the movement of our bodies.

And I know.

I know a part of me will always be his.

"Yours. Always."

CHAPTER NINETEEN

ALEXIS

I never imagined the first time I woke in a guy's bed would feel how it does. I pull the covers tighter under my chin and snuggle back into Alec's chest. His hand spreads out on my stomach and he kisses my shoulder blade.

''Good morning, beautiful,'' he says in a deeper, huskier voice.

''Good morning.'' I smile and roll over, my head tucking into his neck. Our legs tangle.

''Did you sleep well?''

''Hmm.. I'd say so,'' I joke.

''Good.'' He kisses my forehead. ''I told you if you got a tattoo you wouldn't be leaving my room for a while.''

I smile into his neck and kiss him gently. ''You were right.''

He sighs and runs a hand down my back. ''It's raining.''

''Is it?'' I tilt my head up and look at him.

''You sound surprised about that.'' He smirks.

''I wanted some rain.'' I shrug. ''There's only so much sun a person can take.''

''You take it pretty well though.'' He lifts the covers and runs his eyes over my body. ''Fuck, I forgot you were still naked.''

He drops the cover and rolls onto his back. ''Wrap yourself in that quilt tightly, Princess, or there isn't a chance in hell of us seeing anything than the other side of these sheets today.''

My mouth opens and closes before I do as I'm told. ''Where are you going?''

''For a cold shower.'' He gets up, still naked himself. And, um.. I understand the term 'morning glory' now, cause damn, it definitely is glorious.

''Lexy,'' he growls. I snap my eyes back up to his face.

''Sorry.''

He looks at the door then back at me. He jumps back onto the bed and grabs the quilt, unravelling me. He straddles me and I raise a questioning eyebrow.

''I'm pretty sure the shower will still be there in half an hour.''

~

''It was nice of Alec to stop by and pick you up some clothes,'' Grammy says across the table. ''You must have got caught in that rain last night pretty bad if they still weren't dry this morning.''

''Something like that.'' I smile at her and I know she's caught me out.

''I sure hope he looked after you.'' Grammy goes on. ''I'd hate for you to get a cold.''

I hand her the packet of seeds and fight my smile. ''He's pretty good at looking after me.''

''Oh.'' She waggles her eyebrows once. ''I bet he's really good at looking after you.''

I stick my tongue out the side of my mouth and smile. ''He heats a mean can of tomato soup.''

''Did he get it hot enough?'' she enquires innocently.

''Yep.'' I look at her seriously. ''And he got just the right amount of butter on my bread.''

Grammy's eyes widen and she half-gasps, half-laughs at me. ''Alexis Mae Edwards!'' she manages, her hand to her chest.

''What?'' I twirl my hair around my finger and pass her another pack of seeds. ''You asked, Grammy. I was just letting you know he looked after me fine. You know I like butter on my bread.''

She studies me for a second before her pale pink lips break into a grin.

''I bet he really rocks it in the bedroom, huh? Fred Flintstone, move on over. Hubba hubba!'' Grammy wiggles her body in the seat and I do a double-take.

''Well, just come right on out with it, Grammy,'' I sputter. ''It's a good job Mum's not around. She'd go into cardiac arrest. She thinks I was at Jen's.''

''No, Lexy girl. She thinks you think she thinks you were at Jen's. Really, she doesn't want you to know that she knows that you were practising for the creation of the next generation at Alec's. But now you know she knows we can all live peacefully.''

''There were way too many thinks and knows in that, Gram.'' I shake my head. ''But I'm not creating anything.''

''Oh, I bet you are, darling.'' Grammy carries on potting absently. ''I might be sixty-eight, but I can tell you when a guy is a looker and on a scale of one to ten, Alec has broken the chart. Phew.'' She fans her face. ''And that's just when he walks into a room. He's like a walking radiator he's so damn hot.''

''I don't know if I should be agreeing with you, or smiling and nodding while pretending I'm not incredibly disturbed by this conversation,'' I state.

''Probably both,'' Grammy admits.

''Yeah, that's kinda what I was thinking.''

Grammy holds her hand out for more seeds. ''Anyway, as I was saying..''

''I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves meeeee!'' Bing sings at the top of his voice, walking into the kitchen.

''Shut up, boy!'' Gram throws a winter flower bulb at the back of his head and it bounces off.

''What was that for?'' My brother turns with an indignant look. ''You, Grammy, dearest, are looking at next year's Xfactor winner.''

''The only thing you're likely to win is a trip to the dump wi' my broken windows!'' She cackles. ''You might be a looker, my boy, but you sure as hell ain't a singer.''

''You know, some people might take offence to your words, Gram.'' He pours a glass of orange juice.

I get up and cross the kitchen. ''Yeah, but since you know it's true, you won't.'' I smirk and grab the glass before he can. ''Thanks for the juice, by the way.''

Bing glares at me and I smile sweetly.

''I hear a certain little lady didn't come home last night.'' He pours another glass.

''What's it to you? I'm an adult now.'' I retort.

''I just wanna know if I need to kick ass.''

''Why?'' I sit back at the table. ''Are you not getting any?'' I look at Gram. ''It was the boxers. Good shout, Grammy.''

She holds her hand up and I high-five her.

''I'm still getting some,'' Bing grumbles.

''Yeah, but how far are you travelling for it?'' I raise my eyebrows.

''You know, Bing, you could do with finding yourself a nice young girl to settle down with. Would it kill you, really? You can't live the 'wham, bam thank you ma'am' lifestyle forever. I know you might fancy yourself it, but you ain't no Hugh Hefner,'' Gram mentions. I snort and look at my brother's shocked face.

''Any idea when the men in white coats are coming?'' he asks me.

''Not a clue,'' I respond without missing a beat. ''But they're coming to take you to nympho rehab, not for Grammy.''

Grammy holds her hand up one more and I high-five her again.

''She got my wit, boyo, so you're better off quitting while you're still ten miles behind,'' she chuckles. ''If you ever manage to catch up, bring Vino.''

I duck my head as I smile and I hear Bing make a 'pfft' sound. He puts the glass on the side and leaves the room.

''I love winding him up,'' Grammy sniggers. ''It's so easy to do.''

I grin over at her and she claps her hands off, standing up. ''Let's go and put these pots in the garden.''

~

Rain beats down for two days solid. Grammy's happy because her garden is getting a good watering, and I'm happy because last night's storm got rid of the horrible muggy air that was hanging around. I'm not happy because I've been cooped up inside for those two days and I'm going stir crazy.

It's testament to how much six weeks in Devon has changed me. I'm craving the outdoors, the fresh, salty air. Hell, I'm even craving the hideous smell of cow poo.

Yeah, it's like that now.

I scroll down my Facebook news feed, boredom emanating from me. I never realised how full of bullshit my life was in London. All it was was partying, shopping and probably way too much bitching. A part of me.. Doesn't want to go back.

I sigh and shut down the laptop, wondering if there's any way I can transfer universities. I know there's one in Exeter and one in Plymouth. I'd love to spend more time with Grammy.. And it would mean I wouldn't have to really leave Alec.

I sigh again as Dad walks in.

''What's up, sweetheart?'' he asks, stopping by the table.

''Just thinking.'' I smile up at him and look outside. The rain has stopped now. ''Dad?''

''Hello?'' He puts the kettle on.

''What if I changed unis? Could I go to Exeter or Plymouth?''

He narrows his eyes thoughtfully. ''Of course you could. But, Lexy, why? Is it because of Alec?''

I twist some hair between my fingers and examine it for split ends. ''Mostly for Grammy, but yeah, a bit, I guess.''

''I didn't realise it was that serious,'' he folds his arms.

''How did you and Mum do it?'' I look at him. ''You went to uni, right? How did you make it work?''

He smiles fondly and I can see the love shining from his eyes. ''She followed me. Even if she didn't, I would have followed her to where she wanted to go. We were so in love, still are, that we would have followed each other to the ends of the earth and back a million times.''

''Then you get it.''

''Get what?'' His lips twitch.

I look down at the table. ''Why I don't want to leave.''

''What if he'd go to London after you?''

''I wouldn't ask him to do that. This is his home, Daddy. He's too surfer boy for London.'' I smirk at the thought of Alec living in the city. ''No, I'd never ask him to leave his home for me. I know he wouldn't be happy in London. I'd rather leave without him than force him into something he doesn't want to do.''

''Let me see what I can do,'' Dad says. I glance up. ''I'll make some calls and see what I can find out about switching.''

I beam at him. ''You're the best, Daddy.''

He winks at me and takes his coffee from the room.

A knock from the glass doors startles me and I jump in my seat. With my hand to my chest, I turn to see Alec stood there grinning. I glare at him, ignoring how incredibly, ridiculously, swoon-worthy he looks when he is soaking wet from the rain. Especially when he has a white t-shirt on.

I get up and slide the door open, leaning against it. ''Can I help you?''

His stormy eyes look me over and I smirk.

''You most certainly can,'' he flirts, stepping closer. ''First though, I'd appreciate it if you could stop being so beautiful because I don't know how much more my heart can take.''

''Oh, how he flatters me,'' I tease.

''You make me go weak at the knees with one flutter of those amazingly long lashes.'' He steps forward again.

''You.'' I look up at him and smile. ''Are the cheesiest guy in the history of the world. But it's okay, cause I kinda like it.'' I grab his shirt and lean up for a kiss.

''Well if that's all it takes for a kiss, how many more lines for a trip to bed?'' He winks and I roll my eyes.

''Let's see. A bunch of flowers, a bottle of wine, a box of chocolates, and a night to drool over Taylor Lautner without any jealous, snarky comments.'' I tick each one off my fingers.

''Oh, she fancies herself a comedian.'' Alec sighs dramatically and I laugh. He holds out his hand. ''How about a walk on the beach then?''

''That I can do, I suppose.'' I slide my hand into his and he locks our fingers together. I push the door shut and we head towards the coastal path leading to the Bay. The rain holds off as we walk in silence, the only sounds the crashing of the waves.

I love the comfortable silences between us. So many words are said with so little and it's when I feel myself falling even deeper, if it's possible. The silence is natural, like it's supposed to be there.

He puts his hands on my waist and lifts me over the small gate onto the sand. He puts me down right in front of him and I touch his cheek softly. So many unsaid things pass between us, so many things understood by both of us.

He half-smiles and kisses my forehead before pulling me along to the rocks. The sand is horrible, wet and sloppy from all the rain. I climb up onto the rock ahead of him and he stands in front of me, his hands creeping slowly up my thighs.

''What?'' I ask him with a small smile.

''I just..'' He chuckles. ''Nothing. Nothing.''

I smile at him, confused, and he shrugs.

''Oh, Princess,'' he sighs. ''I'm pretty damn glad you came here for the summer, you know?''

''I'm still deciding if I'm glad or not,'' I joke.

''Hey.'' He pokes his tongue out and I poke it, laughing. ''Oi!'' He laughs.

I wrinkle my face and kiss the tip of his nose.

Rain begins to drop and I squeal, holding my hand over my head in a lame attempt to keep my hair dry. I push him away and jump off the rocks, heading for the bit of the cliff that juts out.

"You're not going anywhere," Alec laughs, grabbing me from behind.

"No, no, let me go!" I shriek. "I'm getting wet."

I wriggle from his hold and run across the sand, which is quickly becoming even wetter. He grabs my hands again and pulls me up against him.

"I'll never let you go, Princess. I'll follow you anywhere,'' he murmurs and kisses me.

I wrap my arms around his neck and kiss him back, rain dripping down my face. He lifts me up and I squeak in shock. I wrap my legs around his waist and he holds me tighter to him.

''Anywhere?'' I ask softly, brushing my nose against his.

''To Mars, Jupiter and Pluto,'' he clarifies. ''Maybe even back again.''

I grin and kiss him again, still revelling in the touch of his lips to mine. Something about this guy has me head over heels in love. I'd follow him wherever he wanted to go without question.

His hand slides up my back and he leans me against the rock, his lips leaving mine. Little kisses dot on my jaw and down my neck.

''I've always wanted sex in the rain,'' he mutters as I slide my hand into his wet hair.

''Oh yeah?'' I ask, moving my head to the side.

''Yep,'' he answers, kissing me again, harder than before. My legs tighten around his waist and he groans quietly, moving away from the rock and lowering us to the sand behind the rock. He lies back, pulling me with him, and I straddle him.

''Princess?'' he says softly.

''Mmm?''

''It'll only ever be you, you know that, right?'' Hooded blue-grey eyes meet mine.

''Yeah.'' I suck on his bottom lip lightly. ''I know.''

ALEC

My body sinks into the sand and her wet hair falls down, hiding us from the rest of the world. Here, with her in my arms, nothing else exists. There is only her.

She sucks lightly on my bottom lip again and I tighten my grip on her hips, my fingers digging into her wet skin. Her hips shift slightly, rubbing me. She moans into my mouth and I run my tongue along her top lip, forcing her to let me in. Her tongue meets every movement mine makes and she grabs my hair, her hips shifting again.

I grab the hem of her shirt and lift it over her head. I groan at the sight of her lacy black bra pushing her boobs together. Little droplets of water snake down them and I capture one with my mouth, licking a trail along the top of each cup. She shivers and lifts her hips, reaching behind and undoing my jeans with one hand.

"Impressive." I kiss the word onto her skin and run my hands along her sides.

"Mhmm," she breathes out, reaching under my jeans to where I have a raging hard on. Her fingers brush the tip of me and I explode.

I flip her onto her back, kissing down her stomach. My tongue swirls in her belly button and her back arches up. I pull her legs from where they're wrapped round my waist and slide off her jeans. I chuck them to the rocks with my top.

Lexy moves her hands and grabs my neck, pulling my face back to hers.

"Nuh-uh." I kiss her once and drag my lips along her neck, chest, stomach. I drop little kisses along her knicker line and her hips buck. I stroke her thighs gently, my fingers gradually becoming more probing. Moving the scrap of lace she calls underwear to the side, I lower my tongue even more until I can taste her.

She gasps and I find the part of her screaming for attention immediately. I draw slow, lazy circles with the tip of my tongue then flick gently. Long strokes along her tender flesh have her bucking her hips and I put my hands there to stop her. Her muscles tense and I focus all my attention on the little bundle of nerves until she screams out my name.

I pull my jeans and boxers to my knees, hook her legs over my hips and move towards her.

''I need you, now." Lexy nibbles my earlobe and I thrust my hips forward once, moving into her in one long, swift movement. Her muscles are still contracting from her orgasm and I clench my teeth.

She squeaks out a sound as I begin to move hard and fast. She meets me thrust for thrust, gripping my back, her nails digging in.

Our skin is slick from the rain still falling and she tilts her head back. I graze my teeth along the skin of her neck and groan. She moves her hips up, opening her legs slightly and I'm done.

She cries out at the same time I stop, ecstasy running through our bodies.

I grin lazily at her flushed face and parted lips. I kiss the corner of her mouth and she smiles sleepily.

"Alec?" Her brown eyes open and hold me prisoner in her gaze.

"What, Princess?"

"Thank you," she whispers.

"What for?" I smooth some hair off her forehead.

"For being you. Just that." She smiles and I know she's thanking me for not giving up on her.

Like I'd ever give up on the girl who never gave up on me.

CHAPTER TWENTY

ALEXIS

The sounds of sirens wake me and I rub my eyes to clear them of sleep. I can hear shouts and frantic movements downstairs, and I jump out of bed and run downstairs.

I'm greeted by mum crying, dad comforting her and Bing pacing. Paramedics are bent over someone on the floor.. Slowly, it clicks in my mind.

"Grammy?" I cry, propelling myself down the last few stairs. "Gram!!"

Bing grabs me to stop me going past him and folds me into him.

"What's going on? What's wrong?" I look at everyone and the paramedic turns to me.

"It looks like your grandmother has suffered a heart attack, but with her medical history it's to be expected."

Heart attack? Medical history?

"Just tell me she'll be okay," I beg as my eyes brim with tears.

His eyes reflect the sympathy he feels inside. "I'm sorry, I can't tell you that. We'll know more when we get to the hospital, but rest assured we're doing everything we can for your Gram."

I look down and the tears spill from my eyes. Gram has to be okay, she's Gram.

She's always okay.

I look back up as they carry her out on a stretcher. Breathing apparatus is attached to her face and she's pale, deathly pale. My heart clenches and I want nothing more than to hug her and promise it'll be okay.

I don't even realise I've moved towards her until Bing pulls me back.

"Mum's going in the ambulance. Dad's gonna follow behind with us,'' he says softly. I nod. It's all I can do.

"Lexy, go and put some clothes on, baby. We'll leave in five minutes." Dad kisses my head and Bing takes me upstairs.

I throw on some shorts and a top. I don't bother with make-up, and I barely run the brush through my hair. My phone stays sitting on the side - all the things I pride myself on are suddenly irrelevant to me.

All that matters is Grammy.

Five minutes later we leave the house.

"Where are they taking her?" I ask, staring numbly out the window.

"North Devon District Hospital," Dad answers. "The nearest one is too small to deal with a heart attack."

I nod again.

Heart attack.

The words swirl in my brain endlessly, ridden with pain and uncertainty. The image of her as the paramedics wheeled her out is forefront in my mind and I feel tears spill from my eyes again.

We're silent for the rest of the drive into Barnstaple, to the hospital. Each of us are consumed in our own thoughts and worry hangs over us like a looming storm, heavy and unrelenting.

"She's in AandE right now," the woman at the hospital desk tells us. "It's the next building over. If you guys go on over and let them know you're waiting they'll let you know when all the tests have been done. Your wife will be over there now, Mr. Edwards."

Dad nods his thanks and we step back outside, following the path to Accident and Emergency.

The automatic doors open and I'm hit by the smell of disinfectant riddled with illness and blood. I put my hand to my face and Bing tucks me into his side. Hospitals are a horrible place. The last clear memory I have of one - of this exact one - is the day my Grandpa died. To my nine year old mind hospitals represented death, and that's something I've held on to for the last nine years.

I drift through the room, taking a seat on the hard plastic chair across from Mum. She's white, her clasped hands are shaking and her eyes are rimmed with red. Like me, she has no make up on and her hair is pulled up in a messy bun. I guess today is a day of firsts for both of us.

It's still early so there's barely anyone here. The local news plays silently on the television in the corner, but I'm oblivious to the written headlines scrolling across the bottom of the screen.

I remember the paramedic's words. Medical history. I don't even know Gram's medical history, apart from her hip replacement. She's healthy, isn't she?

"Dad?" I ask. He looks at me with red eyes. "What did the paramedic mean when he said, 'with her medical history it's to be expected'?"

Dad sighs and his face softens even more. Wrinkles in the corners of his eyes I'd never noticed before are suddenly clear to me. Have I been so wrapped up in my own life I couldn't even see my own father getting older?

"Your Gram has a history of heart disease. She was diagnosed two years ago, and it's always been controlled with medication. Until now."

The world stops as my mind processes this revelation.

Heart disease?

"Does that mean she's gonna die?" My bottom lip trembles as I attempt to hold it together.

"Oh, baby, no," Mum says comfortingly and moves to the seat next to me. She wraps her arms around me and rocks me the way she used to when I was child. "Not at all, it just means her heart needed a little break. It's so full of love it had to go for a lie down."

I know she's lying. I even know she's explaining it to me the way you would a child, but I don't care.

Right now, I don't feel like I'm eighteen, an adult. I feel the way I did when Grandpa had his stroke. I remember sitting in this very room, swinging my legs under me and asking what was going on.

The room closes in on me as the memories flood back, and I start to cry again.

"What do we do now?" Bing asks, his voice cracking.

Even my hardened big brother is breaking.

"We wait," Dad says softly.

So we wait.

~

And we wait.

~

And we wait.

~

After what seems like a lifetime, the doctor approaches us with clipboard in hand.

"Mrs. Edwards?" He looks at Mum.

"Yes, that's me." She stands and shakes his outstretched hand.

"I'm Doctor Hamilton, your mother's physician. Is this your family?"

"Yes, my husband Simon, and our children, Samuel and Alexis."

Dr. Hamilton shakes all our hands. "I'm just coming to let you know that we're about to transfer your mother to ICU. Our tests have shown she's suffered a particularly nasty heart attack, most likely triggered by her heart disease, so we've decided the best option was to sedate her for twenty-four hours. She's in a stable condition for now, so we have our fingers crossed she'll wake sometime tomorrow. If you head on up to ICU in about twenty minutes, you'll be able to pop in and see her."

Mum thanks him profusely and he nods his goodbye.

ICU.

Intensive care.

Sedated.

Heart attack.

Numbly, I follow my family down the corridors. They're all the same.

White.

Bland.

Plain.

Clinical.

The lift doors whir open outside ICU. I don't remember stepping inside it.

We wash our hands with the gel stationed outside the locked doors and we get buzzed in.

I slip my hand into Bing's and he squeezes it gently.

Mum pulls the curtains open and I hear her small gasp. Dad puts his arm around her shoulders and I close my eyes. I don't want to look.

I don't want to see her.

"I can't do it," I whisper hoarsely. "I can't."

"You can. Just a look and I'll take you home. I'll drive back for the 'rents." Bing tugs me forward and I slowly open my eyes.

Tubes.

Machines.

Beeping.

They're everywhere.

Amongst them all is Gram. She's so still, so peaceful. I kiss her cheek gently, smelling her face powder.

Of course. Only Grammy would time a heart attack for after she'd applied her powder.

I half laugh, half choke on my tears at my thoughts.

"Love you," I whisper to her. "But I can't stay, Grammy. I don't like seeing you this way. I'll be back tomorrow, so you wake up and I promise you can tease me about Alec all you like and remind me how you were right."

Bing says something along the same lines, minus the part about Alec and plus a bottle of Baileys or Vino.

If anything will wake her up, it's the promise of Vino.

~

Ten missed calls. Fifteen text messages. Four voice mails.

Jen. Alec. Carl.

Where are you?

Is your gram okay?

Princess you there? xxx

Mrs Banks saw the ambulance. Call me Princess xxx

The texts are all the same. I don't bother listening to the voice mails they've left. Instead, I scroll down to Alec's name in my contacts and hit the call button.

"Princess, is everything okay?"

The sound of his concerned voice travels to my ears and I break again.

"Meet.. Me.. Bay," I manage between my sobs.

"I'll pick you up in five minutes,'' he says and clicks off. I nod although he can't see me.

He can't take the pain away, but he can sure make it better.

I move into the bathroom and stare at myself in the mirror. My dark hair is a mess, my cheeks are blotchy and my eyes are swollen from crying. I splash my face with cold water, trying to compose myself. Grammy's face products are lined up on the tiled shelf, staring at me. I glare at them, like it makes a difference, and slam the door on my way out.

Alec is waiting outside when I open the front door. He takes one look at me and wraps me in his arms. I cling to him like he's my lifeline, like I'm drifting out to sea and he's the only one who can save me. I squeeze my eyes shut and he strokes my hair gently, burying his face in it.

His touch soothes me where I need it. It grounds me again, and we stand there in each others arms until I feel strong enough to speak.

"Gram's had a heart attack," I manage.

"How is she?" He looks at me, his blue eyes shining with worry.

"She's in ICU. Till tomorrow at least." I get into his car. "I didn't stay long enough for the finer details. I hate hospitals."

He links our fingers over the gear stick and pulls away from the kerb.

"Me, too," he agrees. "Your parents are still there?"

"Yeah, Bing drove me back. He's there now getting them."

"You should have called, I would have come to get you."

"I didn't have my phone," I say quietly.

The beach looms ahead of me and I can already feel its effects. The sea breeze drifting past, the calming, steady beat of the waves as they claw their way up the sand.

I jump from the car as we stop and run to the rocks. My hands press against the rugged surface as the image of Gram flashes in my mind again. My knees buckle as strong arms go round me from behind and I spin, burying my face into Alec's chest as a fresh wave of tears come over me.

He lowers us gently to the sand, holding me tight against him.

"She has heart disease, and they didn't even tell me. They were expecting it to happen and they didn't tell me!" I cry, my voice gaining volume. "Even Bing knew! But me? No. No-one thought to tell Gram's girl."

"Sssh." Alec rocks me gently. "It was wrong. I wish you could have been told before this happened. I wish I could have told you."

I wish I could have told you.

The meaning of his words wash over me with a startling clarity.

He knew.

"You knew," I choke out and pull away. "You knew my Grandmother was dying and you didn't tell me!"

"Princess.'' He reaches for me but I shake my head and stand up.

"Don't you Princess me." I laugh bitterly and turn to walk away.

Betrayal laces through my body and my heart clenches. Everything we've shared together, everything we've said and done... He knew the whole time and he kept it from me.

I spin back around and march up to him, the waves increasing to a roar as they match the heightened emotion in my body.

"YOU KNEW!" I scream and shove his chest. He looks down and I push him again. "You've known from day one! She's probably dying and I didn't spend as much time with her as I could have! As I should have!"

"She didn't want you to know.'' He meets my eyes and I see the pain there but it doesn't register in my mind. All I can feel are my own, overwhelming emotions. "She wanted to watch you this summer, she wanted you to be happy."

"Then I'm glad she can't see this." I run my fingers through my hair. "How could you keep it from me? After everything? I. Gave. You. Everything, and you were hiding it all along!"

"I didn't want to see you hurt!" Alec shouts.

"Well it's too late!" I yell back at him. "Because now I have double the pain to deal with and no one to help me deal with it!"

"Lexy.."

"No, Alec! You don't get to do that anymore! You betrayed me, you lied to me." I finish quietly and walk backwards away from him. "You made me fall in love with you, then you ripped my heart out in the worst possible way."

My breathing is coming hard and fast and I can barely see through the tears in my eyes.

I've never felt a pain like this.

"Don't do this, Lexy," Alec says in a slightly anguished tone. "Don't walk away from me."

I swipe at my cheeks and shake my head again. "You destroyed any chance of me walking towards you when I found out you'd kept this from me."

I turn and begin to run across the sand, away from him, away from the pain.

"I love you!" he shouts. "I didn't tell you because there isn't a single part of me that could bear to see the pain in your eyes that's there now! I couldn't deal with the thought of tears coming from those pretty little eyes! But I guess it's karma I should f**k everything up with the one girl I've only ever wanted, right?"

He's right behind me now and I stop. The tears are falling quickly, burning pathways along my cheeks, reminding me of his betrayal.

Reminding me how he's broken my heart, like I always knew he would.

"I love you," he repeats quieter. "It wasn't exactly how I wanted to tell you how I feel, but I've said it now."

I can't turn to look at him because I know if I do, I'll collapse into his arms and I.. I can't do that.

Instead I whisper, "You don't keep secrets from the person you love."

A sob rips free from my chest and I sprint across the beach.

Away from him.

But not away from the breaking of my heart.

I can't escape that.

~

The cottage is empty as I reach it. I slam the front door behind me and lean against it, sliding slowly to the floor.

My heart is shattered. I can feel tiny pieces of it flowing through my blood, racking my body with pain. There isn't a part of me not affected by today. It's all I feel, all I think, all I know.

Tears fall from my eyes hard and fast, my chest rising and falling frantically with every breath.

I can't think-

I can't speak-

I can only cry.

My world has been tipped upside down, it's spinning on its own axis.

I'm broken. Alec has broken my heart, just like I always knew he would.

I was stupid to listen to him-

stupid to believe in him-

stupid to fall in love with him.

"Princess, let me explain!" Alec bangs on the front door and it shakes me. I ignore him. I can't deal with him.

I don't want to see him.

"I know you're there, Princess. I can see you sat behind the door. Please, baby, let me talk to you."

"I don't want to talk to you!" I shout through my tears. "Leave me alone!"

"Princess, please." He's begging now.

I want him to hold me. I want him to stroke my hair and take away the pain. I want him to kiss the tears from my eyes and promise me it'll be okay.

And I hate myself for it.

I hate that I still want him. I hate that I have to fight myself not to open the front door and collapse into his waiting arms.

"No, Alec," I say through my tears. "Leave me alone."

"I'm not going anywhere."

"Then you'll be there a long time." My head falls into my arms and another sob escapes me.

First Grammy, now Alec.

I don't know if I'll ever be whole again.

ALEC

I could kick myself.

The moment I saw the light leave her eyes I knew I'd f**ked up. I should have persuaded Vi to tell her weeks ago, but then it's not really the kind of thing you drop into a conversation is it?

I can hear her crying through the door. I feel helpless. I want to go to her, hold her, beg her to forgive me for keeping it from her. But I know she won't take it.

She's too strong, too independent. She's too damn stubborn.

But it's my fault, and only my fault. My own heart is clenching inside my chest and I rest my forehead against the door. I wish I could break through it. I wish I could reach for her and tuck her head under my chin.

I wish I could take everything back.

Except the I love you.

I'll never take that back.

I bang on the door again. ''I'm not going anywhere!''

''Then you'll be there for a long time!'' she calls back, her voice thick and heartbroken.

She's sobbing. Actually sobbing, great big heart wrenching sobs. My whole body tenses and I snap my eyes shut, holding them closed. My jaw clenches and I'm mad.

I'm angry. At myself, because it's my f**king fault.

I said I wasn't going anywhere. I lied. Again. I lied to her again.

I can't stay here, listening to her like that when she should be in my arms, crying into my shoulder, not f**king crying because of me. I should be wiping those tears and kissing the corners of her eyes.

Fuck. My chest tightens and I knock my fist against the door.

''Fine,'' I shout. ''Fine, you win, Lexy.''

I run my fingers through my hair and storm down the path to my car. I climb in, slamming the door and head back to the beach.

~

ALEXIS

Bing knocks on my door tentatively and I lift my head from my pillow slightly.

"Yeah?" My voice is thick with unshed tears.

My door eases open and he comes in slowly. He takes one look at me and his eyes narrow.

"What's happened?"

"You know." I put my head down and hug a pillow tight.

"No, what else? I'm not stupid, Lexy." He sits on the bed and pushes my hair from my face.

Clouds drift by my window slowly, morphing shapes.

"He knew," I say, tears filling my eyes again. I take a deep breath and laugh bitterly. "He knew, Bing, the whole f**king time, he knew! And you know what? He kept it from me. He lied."

Tears course down my cheeks and I shake as hopelessness races through my body like it's a high speed chase.

"Lexy.."

I shake my head and roll away from him, getting up.

"You knew!" I shout in a high voice. "You, Mum, Dad, Alec. You all f**king knew she was ill and you kept it from me! You all lied to me, Bing! Was I not good enough to know? Did you think it wouldn't hurt me when I found out? Were you ever gonna tell me, huh?"

He stands and rubs his hand over his face. "Mum made the decision not to tell you, okay? Mum wanted you to be happy this summer. None of us knew Gram would have a heart attack while we were here. We thought-"

"She'd have one when no one was there to phone an ambulance?" I cry, my chest heaving. "Get out!"

"Lexy-"

"Get out, Bing! I don't want to see you! Any of you!" I scream at him.

"Okay, sis." He stops at the door. "When you've calmed down, you know where I am."

He shuts the door and I wipe at my eyes furiously. I see the photo frame and act reflexively.

I throw the frame at my door.

Bang.

The glass shatters with my heart, pieces of both flying into oblivion. I sink to the floor, my hair in my hands. Pain, broken dreams.

Blue grey eyes seared into my mind.

I scream out a sob and lie on my side. Too much pain, too much heartbreak.

I can't see through the tears. I can't breathe through the heaving of my chest. I can't think through the day's events flashing through my mind in his eyes.

Grammy. Alec. Grammy. Alec.

The frame lies on the floor, taunting me, reminding me of what was.

Two smiling faces.

Three weeks of maybes, indecision, trust building.

Three weeks of kisses, laughing, and shared moments.

Six weeks of half-truths. Six weeks of lies, of secrets.

Six weeks to fall in love.

A second for it to all come crushing down.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

ALEC

I lean back against the rock, looking aimlessly out to sea.

Numb. That's how I feel.

Is this what heartbreak feels like?

I want to kick myself. I want to kick myself over and over for not telling her before, for letting her find out the way she did.

And a part of me wants to kick myself for telling her I knew at all.

The look in her eyes.. I saw her heart crumble. I saw the last few weeks...

Disappear. Like they never happened.

I kick the sand. Stupid stupid stupid!

Leaning my head back, I gaze up at the passing clouds. Kick the rock. And again. Like the pain from it could outweigh the pain in my heart, the pain of losing Lexy.

"Stupid!" I yell, turning to punch the rock.

A graze. A few drops of blood. A flinch.

Nothing.. Nothing compares to it. I punch it again.

"Alec! What the f**k are you doing?!" Jen yells.

I flatten my hands against the rock and lean forwards, dropping my head.

"If you're here to kick my ass, then don't f**kin' bother. I'm a prick. I know."

"I'm not here to kick your ass.'' She puts a hand on my arm. "I'm here to make sure you're okay, and seeing you punching the rock doesn't exactly reassure me you are. I mean, c'mon, Alec, what the hell did the poor rock do to you?"

I look up at her. Beyond her jokes is concern.

"Why aren't you with Lexy?"

"Her family is there. She'll call when she needs me. You're my friend, Alec, and as much as I take the piss I do care."

I exhale and shut my eyes, shaking my head. "Then no. No, I'm not okay. If I'm honest, I'm waiting for Bing to come down here and kick my ass."

Jen leans against the rock next to me and folds her arms across her chest. "Bing ain't coming."

"It's nothing less than I deserve for breaking her heart, Jen."

"It's not at all. She's hurting, Alec. She's had a rough day. Bing gets why you didn't tell her, really, he does. He ain't mad at you, boy. He didn't tell her either."

"I broke her f**kin' heart, Jen!" I yell and smack the rock again. "You've seen her. She's in pieces and that's my fault! I should be holdin' her right now, making it better and instead I made it worse."

I look up at her and by the softening of her expression I know it's written all over my face. The agony I feel is clear for her to see.

"It's my f**kin' fault, Jen, mine. My. Fucking. Fault! You know me. You know I never wanted to hurt her. I..'' I screw my eyes shut tightly. ''I'd rather die than hurt her.''

"Yeah I know you. I know you well enough to know you need to stop or I'll kick some sense into your balls!" She stands up straight, fire in her eyes. "You think it's your fault? She's hurting, Alec, big time. Vi didn't want you to tell her and you respected her wishes. That's all there is to it. When things have calmed down, Lexy will see that too."

I turn my head away back out to sea.

"Alec," she says softly. "She loves you. She really loves you, she's just - angry. She feels betrayed. Give her time."

"Time for what?" I turn to her. "So she can realise I'm the prick I promised her I wasn't? That's what's gonna happen."

"You don't know that-"

"Yeah, Jen. I do. And I don't blame her for a second."

"Alec-"

"Leave me alone, Jen. Please." I lean back against the rock again. Jen nods softly and walks back across the sand.

"Alec.'' She turns and I raise my eyebrows. "She does love you. I promise."

I nod once, sharply, and look away from her.

Lexy. My Princess. The little city girl who's done what no other ever has.

Made me fall in love.

~

ALEXIS

Numbly, I watch the water flow from the tap into the bath. I stop the tap. Start it again. Stop it. For the sixth time.

I step out of my clothes and turn the heat of the shower up high, putting the pressure up too. A day of tears has gradually numbed me. I can't feel anything anymore.

Blankly, I move into the shower and shut the door. The water beats down on me red hot but I can't feel it. It's just a pressure that drowns me in rivulets of water. I tilt my head back and silent tears mix with the shower.

Water drips down my body in a silent caress until I can't take anymore.

Every pound on my back, every tickling stream down my leg, every gentle drop on my arm reminds me of the feel of Alec's skin against mine. The flick of his tongue, the stroke of his fingers as they link through mine, the warmth of his body against me as he held me close and promised he'd always be there.

Lies.. Just one after another. He didn't tell me. He's not here. Everything he promised me he's broken.

'I wish I could have told you.'

His words spin round, and round, and round. I lean against the shower door, feelings conflicting inside me like a battle to the death, each one more desperate and clawing than the last. I want to run into his arms and let him hold me, take away the memories of seeing Gram so broken. I want him to make it better, promise me she'll be okay.

But Alec and promises don't go together. I know that. I always knew it, because deep down he's too much like Bing, and Bing couldn't keep a promise to a girl to save his life.

But I still trusted him. I still fell in love with him, and now I'm in too deep to get out.

I slide down the shower door to the tiled floor. I curl up and sit in the corner, silently. No water running. No crying. No whispered pleas to myself.

Just me, and the sound of a broken heart that's still beating.

~

The moon shines through the kitchen window as I pad my way down the stairs. I've avoided my family since they got back from the hospital and I kicked Bing out of my room. I sigh. Maybe I was a little hard on him. Maybe.. The jury is still out on that one.

I pull the chocolate milk from the fridge and stand by the sliding glass doors, looking out at the garden and drinking from the carton. I smile ever so slightly at what Gram would say. She'd tell me to 'get a bloody glass and drink it normally!' then proceed to drink it from the carton herself.

I giggle slightly and rest my forehead against the cold glass. My breath blows across it, frosting it up. I trace the pattern of my tattoo on it, the heart, the lines through the centre and the dots on the side. Unconditional love.

Forever. Always. Infinity.

The kind of love I have for Grammy. I trace the symbol another three times, basking in the silence of the cottage. I look outside. Stars.. the moon.. the stars.

Alec.

No. I close my eyes. No.

''You're up late.. Early.'' Mum says softly behind me.

''I couldn't sleep,'' I reply, turning round slowly.

She nods and smiles sadly. ''Me either. I rang the hospital.''

''How is she?'' I look up into her eyes.

''No change.'' She traces a pattern absently on the kitchen counter. ''No change is better than a bad change, I guess.''

''Yeah. Mum, I'm sorry for earlier-''

''Don't be.'' She meets my eyes. ''Don't ever be sorry for hurting, baby girl. Don't ever be afraid to cry. Tears are the soothing balm for the soul, the mother's magic kiss on a grazed knee. You have twice the pain because your heart is broken too. And Lexy, baby, I am sorry we didn't tell you, I really am.'' She steps towards me and strokes my face gently. ''She wanted to tell you herself when she was ready. I should have made her tell you because now..''

''He made the decision not to tell me. Not you, not Gram. He could have tried harder,'' I say sadly, feeling my heart break all over again. ''He told me he loves me, do you know that? He begged me to believe him, to let him take the pain away. But Mum.. He lied, didn't he? Because you don't keep stuff like that from the person you love, do you? You don't keep secrets.''

''What would you have done, if you were him?'' She raises an eyebrow. ''Would you have told you, or would you have kept that smile on your face? You're right. You don't keep secrets from the person you love, but you don't hurt them either. The person you love becomes the centre of your universe and you'd do anything to protect them. He wasn't lying to you, baby girl, he was protecting you from the pain he knew you'd feel when you found out.''

'I didn't tell you because there isn't a single part of me that could bear to see the pain in your eyes that's there now.'

I nod once at Mum and turn my attention back to the garden.

''Remember the look in his eyes whenever he saw you, the way he would look at you,'' Mum pushes softly and backs from the room. ''If you think he really did lie to you, then maybe, you didn't really know him that well at all.''

And then.. Silence, again.

Do I know Alec? Yes. I do.

Do I believe he'd hurt me deliberately? I.. I.. No, not really.

But sometimes, no matter how much you believe something, it doesn't change what's already happened. He has hurt me, and for me, that's the bottom line. The end of a simple boy meets girl love story.

Not quite Romeo and Juliet, but close enough.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

ALEXIS

There might as well be a huge rain cloud hanging over the cottage, thick, dark and heavy. Without Grammy the old building has no life, no soul.

My foot taps against the floor as I stare at the clock. Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. Round and round the arms go, never stopping, never ending, ticking away every second of your life. If it does stop it's simple. You simply replace the batteries, give it another lease of life, but it doesn't stop ticking away.

No. Time doesn't stop just because your life has. The world doesn't stop spinning just because yours is upside down.

''She's coming round,'' Mum says softly, a small smile daring to play on her lips. ''They expect her to be fully awake in an hour or so.''

''Does that mean we can go and see her?'' I look away from the clock.

She smiles in response and I nod.

''I..''

''You don't have to, baby girl. She'll understand. You can see her tomorrow.'' Dad squeezes my shoulder and I smile gratefully.

''Thanks, Dad.'' I turn to my brother. ''Are you going?''

He shrugs one shoulder. ''I guess I did promise her Vino.''

''I don't think they'll accept that as an excuse in ICU, Sam.'' Dad half-smiles.

''I was kidding. I guess I'll come see her. I don't want her getting excited though.''

''Excited? Gram? Never.'' I roll my eyes and everyone laughs.

''Come on then.'' Mum claps her hands. ''By the time we've got into Barnstaple and had coffee she'll be ready for us.''

''Hospital coffee?'' Dad mumbles to himself and kisses my head. ''Why does she torture me this way?''

I giggle slightly and the sound surprises me. I guess I got all my sadness out last night.

''Be safe, baby girl.'' Mum kisses my cheek and they leave, Bing sending me a wary look. The door shuts with a deafening sound and I'm alone in the cottage.

I walk from room to room downstairs. Gram's trinkets line shelves, surfaces, family pictures cover every wall. The cottage is so her, so delicate yet so lively at the same time.

Delicate.. I never imagined I'd have to think of her as delicate. But she is. She's delicate like the first snowflake falling from the sky at winter, a single touch and it's gone.

ALEC

I amble downstairs looking like shit because I haven't slept. Every time I shut my eyes I see her face the moment she realised I'd lied. I'd betrayed her by not telling her. The moment I broke her heart.

I rub the back of my head and I hear a cough from the corner of the room.

''You look like shit, boy.'' Gran says, glancing up from the clicking of her knitting needles.

''Gee, thanks, Gran,'' I snap. ''You really know how to make a guy feel good. What are you doing here?''

''Just callin' it as I see it, Alec. Waiting for your Mum to take me shopping, same as I do every week, lad.'' Click click. ''What did you do?''

''Why do you assume I've done something?''

''Because you usually have. Got drunk, annoyed someone's daughter because you slept with them and threw them into the trash pile. There's always something, and it's always your fault.'' Click click. ''It's different this time, though, isn't it? But it's still your fault.''

Grey eyes meet mine. Dad's eyes. On Gran.

''Yeah, it's my damn fault.'' I flop back onto the sofa. ''I f**ked up, Gran.''

''Language, Timothy,'' she scolds.

''I messed up,'' I correct myself. ''Every time. I can't.. Since he died I can't seem to keep anything together. I finally find the person I want and I can't even hold onto her.''

''Vi's awake,'' Gran says suddenly. ''I spoke with Emily not too long ago. They're heading up there today.''

''Good,'' I say, looking out at the back garden. ''I'm glad she's getting better.''

''Said she was awake, boy, not that she's getting better. Two different things.''

''You think she won't make it?''

''She'll make it what she wants to make it. That's the beauty of Karma.'' Click click. ''You can piss it off so it throws a truckload of crap back at you, but you can fight it. You can tell it to piss off back to wherever it came from and take matters into your own hands, 'cause what's the use in your life if you ain't got a say in it?''

Grey eyes sparkle with a wisdom beyond anything I could ever hope to achieve.

''You're telling me in your own crazy way that I have to fight karma, aren't you?'' I ask, narrowing my eyes.

''Karma hit you with a bucket load of silage because you pissed it off one time too many. It ain't gonna give her back to you, boy.'' She sniffs. Click. ''The only person that can get that girl back is you.''

''Fight for what you believe in, never give up and never forget why you believe in the first place,'' I echo the words Dad said to me so many times before he died. Never forget.

Never forget.

''Gran you're a f**king genius.'' I kiss her forehead and run up the stairs, changing quickly.

''Language!'' Gran yells as I fly out of the front door and into my car.

She just has to remember. She just has to remember about us. I can't let her forget about us.

ALEXIS

An engine rumbles outside and I pull the corner of the curtain to one side. A black 4x4. Hell no. Hell. Fucking. No.

I drop the curtain and run into the kitchen. A door slams. One, two, three. Knock knock. My heart beats wildly in my chest as I push against the wall to stop from running out there. If I do, I'll either kiss him or kick him.

Actually... Kicking him sounds pretty appealing right now.

''I get it, Princess.'' His voice drifts through the crack in the door. ''I'm sorry, so sorry. I can't even.. find the words. Shit.'' I can imagine him running his hands through his hair, shutting his eyes and kicking the floor the way he does when he's frustrated.

''I know you're in there, but whether or not you're listening is another story,'' he carries on. ''But I.. Fuck it. I have to say it before I go mad, okay? I wish with every part of me I was in there with you, holding you and taking your pain away. In fact, I'm certain I'd do pretty much anything to be in there with you right now..'' Tears start to slide down my cheeks and I grip the counter. ''I just.. I love you, okay? I didn't plan to fall in love with you, not for a second, but I did and I can't take that back. I wouldn't even if I could. It's killing me that I'm hurting you. I know I don't deserve anything but, Princess, if you only ever do one thing for me, then never forget, okay?

''Never forget how I held you under the stars, how I showed you there's more to life than just shopping and weekend partying. Never forget everything we've shared in the last six weeks, all the smiles, laughter and everything else that made us as close as two people can ever be. I know I won't. I won't forget it, okay? So you don't either. Never forget that somewhere along the way you became the only thing worth waking up for. But most importantly, never forget how much I love you. Never forget about us.''

Something slides through the letterbox and I bite the inside of my cheek. I'm being torn apart again.

I hear his car leave and walk to the front door on shaky legs.

We sit on the rug. Our smiling faces covered in ice cream and he's kissing my cheeks. Trembling, I pick up the photo.

Never forget is scrawled on the back. I lean back against the wall and close my eyes against the sting of salty tears.

How could I forget? How could I ever forget the way he made me feel? I'll never forget the smiles, touches, racing hearts, spoken words, unspoken words, dreams of forever, promises for the future.

My fingers trace the words on the back of the photo. Never forget.

''I won't,'' I whisper, looking away. ''I'll never forget.''

ALEC

I pause at the car door, waiting, hoping, that maybe, just maybe, she'll open the door and tell me it's okay. But she doesn't, and I don't honestly expect her to.

It doesn't kill the hope inside me, though. As I drive away I can still feel a little of it, a tiny dot in the back of my mind, like a seed waiting to pop out of the ground and bloom.

It doesn't bloom. I won't let it. Until my girl is back in my arms for good, I won't let an ounce of hope grow.

But she'll remember. I've made sure of it. The little things. She can burn the picture, delete the messages and leave town.

But I know she'll never forget.

~

ALEXIS

Music pounds my ears as I travel into Barnstaple on the bus. After a million and one reassurances from my family last night that Gram was fully awake, I agreed to come and see her today. On the condition I came alone.

After Mum saw the picture of me and Alec, she didn't argue.

I push the stop button and stand, gripping the rail tightly as the big, white building looms before me. I roll my shoulders against the shiver creeping down my spine at the sight and thank the driver, stepping off onto the curb. The doors open automatically and I pass past people, turning off my iPod as I wait for the lift.

Tap, tap. Tick, tock. I swallow and step into the lift, the chrome, silver walls and mirror a welcome change from the whiteness of reception.

I pay attention to where I walk this time. Corridors, turning, nurses, doctors. Just a normal workplace, I tell myself.

I press the buzzer on the door outside ICU.

''Who's there?''

''Um, Alexis Edwards. I'm here to see my Gram-''

''Come on in, dear,'' the voice chuckles. ''We've been expecting you.''

''Oh, okay.'' I release it and push open the door.

I walk into the stuffy hospital room, my hands sweaty and shaking as I clasp them in front of me. They said Gram was awake - but do we have different definitions of awake? Is she talking, moving, joking?

It's a tall order, I know, but that's all I want.

The nurse at the desk smiles at me. ''Alexis?''

''That's me.'' I give her a shaky smile.

''She's all you've talked about all morning. We're glad to see you. She's quite a character, your grandmother.'' She waves for me to follow her.

''Oh, you have no idea,'' I mutter under my breath and smile widely at her.

''This is you. I'll be coming round to do her bed bath in about fifteen minutes, I'm afraid, but you can always come back after.''

''That's okay. Thank you.'' I smile at her and she walks off.

I gently push the curtain back and peer round it. She's sat up in bed, jabbing at the television remote impatiently.

''Knock knock,'' I say softly.

Grammy turns her head slowly and beams at me. ''Lexy girl!'' Her voice is weak.

''Hey.'' I walk into her corner and sit on the big chair next to her bed. ''How are you feeling?''

''I've seen...better days,'' she rasps out with a smile. ''How's my favourite..granddaughter?

''I'm okay.'' I smile sadly and take her hand.

''Everyone else?''

''Mum is better now you're awake. Dad's trying to take everyone's mind off what happened and Bing is... Well, he's just being Bing.''

''Mmhmm,'' she hums. ''And Alec?''

I drop my eyes to our hands. ''I don't know.''

''What do you mean? You..don't know?'' Grammy says.

''I don't know,'' I repeat quietly. ''But I should imagine not good.''

''What did you do, Lexy girl?''

I stand and snatch back my hand. ''Me? What did I do? I wasn't the one who was keeping secrets from the person I claimed to be in love with. I wasn't the one who ripped out someone else's heart.''

Grammy sighs, and when I look at her she's determined. Angry determined.

''I asked him..not to..tell you,'' she begins. ''I didn't want you..to spend time with me this summer because..you felt like..you had to. I wanted you..to spend it with me..because you wanted to. And I had the..most wonderful time, Lexy.

''But that's not..what the best thing is. The best thing is that I got..to watch you grow into a young..woman..and fall in love. I watched you grow from a sullen..caterpillar..into a beautiful butterfly who..glowed at the mention of his name..and that's..that's all I wanted. I wanted to see..you happy.

''I'm not stupid..Lexy..I know I don't have..long left before I see..your grandpa again. But I can die a happy..woman now I've seen my favourite..granddaughter so happy.

''Don't..blame Alec..for what I..made him do. I can see it..in his eyes..Lexy girl..the boy loves you, and I'd wager..he's as heartbroken as..you. Don't let him..take the wrap for..what I..made him..do.''

''I don't know,'' I say softly, my eyes filling with tears. ''I just don't know, Grammy.''

''Alexis Mae, look..at me.''

I turn my head and she's staring at me intently, her eyes shining with truth and emotion.

''Alec Johnson..is in love..with you.''

''I never wanted a summer romance, Grammy. I never wanted to be hurt.'' A tear escapes my eye as the raw, fresh pain builds inside me again.

''Lexy..'' She takes my hand again. ''You have to learn..that..you might not end up where..you wanted to be..but you'll always..end up..where you're meant..to be. Maybe Alec is..your meant..to be.''

''Mrs Highwood, I'm going to have to ask your granddaughter to leave now. It's time for your bed bath.'' The nurse smiles apologetically at us.

''Of course.'' I wipe at my eyes and try for a smile. ''I'll see you soon, okay, Grammy?'' I kiss her cheek and she holds me tight.

''I wouldn't count on it, baby girl. I'm ready..to meet your..Grandpa once again. You..remember what..I said, and talk..to Alec. Be happy..again. I love you, Lexy girl. Always..will.''

I pull back from her and breathe deeply to keep my tears in.

''I love you, Grammy. Always will,'' I whisper as I walk backwards.

She smiles at me, a half-there smile before I close the curtains in front of me. I know in my heart she's already going, she's already leaving to be with the man she's loved her whole life.

My heart clenches as I leave the ICU ward, and I press my back against the wall, bending over as tears start to fall. I slide down the wall and hug myself tightly.

I'm crying for Alec-

for our pain of two needlessly broken hearts.

I'm crying for myself-

because I've never been so alone.

And I'm crying for Grammy-

because that just felt an awful lot like a forever goodbye.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

ALEXIS

Forever waits for no one, I know this now. There are no guarantees in life, no definitive paths we must take. The bottom line is that it's luck. Some you get given to you, some of it is random luck, and the rest you have to make for yourself.

I lost a piece of myself when I walked away from the hospital this morning. A piece of me stayed in the room with my Grammy, to go with her wherever she might be going now.

Strangely, the fact that she's giving in to her fate doesn't bother me as much as it should. She's had a long life, a happy one, and if she's ready to go and take her place as a star in the sky, who am I to hold her back?

She always knew what was best. She was always the one to talk sense into our family with a few simple words, and that's what she did to me earlier.

Despite having no definitive path, we all have places to go, people to meet, feelings to feel. Love, friendship and happiness are the luck you get given to you. What you do with them is the luck you make for yourself.

We all have a meant to be, whether we believe in fate, destiny, or nothing at all. Do we decide our meant to be, or do we get it chosen for us? Do we get more than one option?

If we do, what if we go through them all then decide the first one was the best option, do we get a second chance?

No. There are no second chances in life, no rewind button. You don't get a do-over, so if you want something you have to run, smash into it and grab it with everything you have. You have to take it and hold onto it tightly before it's too late.

One life. One chance. One love.

Maybe Alec and I are more like Romeo and Juliet than I thought. Maybe we are each other's one tragic love, destined for disaster. But if that means I get to look into his eyes, touch his face and kiss his lips every day, is a tragic love really that bad?

The sand slips between my toes as I slowly walk onto the beach. It's calm, quiet. The peace is only broken by the occasional breaking of the waves.

I stop at the edge of the water, letting it roll over my feet, and look up at the stars. A thousand specks of glitter sparkling in the night sky, waiting for Grammy to join them. They make me remember the last time I stood here and stared at them.

A lone tear escapes my eye.

We're minutes apart but so far away. As I stand beneath the stars, I miss him. I miss all the little things that make Alec who he is.

I miss how his hair curls at the nape of his neck. I miss how the sun plays across his face, illuminating his captivating eyes. I miss how we laughed, how we joked. I miss how he teased me, how we could lie in silence with nothing but the beating of our hearts between us.

I miss everything he is.

If I close my eyes and believe hard enough I can feel Alec's arms around my waist, his breath against my ear, his lips against my hair. I can feel the rumble of his chest as he laughs. And then..

Then reality intrudes.

And once again, I'm all alone with only the night for company.

I know, without him, I'm falling apart inside. Every beat of my heart, every breath I take, they're forced. I force them to keep holding on, to keep fighting against the pain that creeps through my body every time I think his name.

For someone I never wanted to get close to, he's holding my heart and soul in his hands.

The silence is deafening and I pull my gaze from the stars, dropping it to my feet. My hair falls around my face, creating a thick curtain, hiding me from the rest of the world.

What Gram said makes sense. I know why he didn't tell me - but I don't know if that actually makes it okay.

Will it ever be okay? Without him?

My stomach tightens. I squeeze my eyes shut as more tears burn them.

I don't want to cry anymore. I don't want to hurt.

I want to be taken in and mesmerised by those stormy eyes. I want to curl my fingers in that dirty blonde, messy hair. I want to press my face into his neck as he holds me tight against his body.

I want to forget the pain and just - be.

My hair moves from my face and I feel fingertips brush my scalp. I know that touch.

"Princess," he whispers. "Don't cry."

Damn silent sand.

I sniff and look up - away from him.

"I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry." His words are soft, full of emotion.

It's been two days since I heard his voice. Those two days have seemed like an age, and my heart automatically speeds up as my ears drink his voice in like my lungs take in oxygen.

Like I need him to live, to breathe, to be.

"I.." He pauses and I risk a glance at him. He's looking at the stars, the way I was. "Do you remember the last time we looked at the stars?"

"How could I forget?" My voice is wispy, barely there.

"That was the night I knew."

I look up at him at the same time he looks down at me.

"That was the night I knew I'd fallen in love with you. I remember looking at you, curled in my arms with your hair fanning across my chest and thinking, 'what did I do to have her believe in me?'"

Emotions play across his face and this time I let myself see them. Guilt, sadness, regret. He's broken, just as much as I am. Regret floods in his eyes, swimming with the blue and grey hues of each iris.

"I never wanted to hurt you.'' He raises a hand and cups my cheek. "If I could take it back, I would. Believe me, Princess. Every time I close my eyes I see the look in your eyes when you realised I knew about your Gram, and I hate that I put that there. I should have been there for you but instead I made it worse. Even if you can't forgive me.. Just tell me you know I never meant to hurt you."

His hand is warm against my cheek and I turn my face into it.

"I know," I say quietly. "I know you never meant to hurt me. But you did."

He nods and gives me a sad smile. "Then I'll take that."

He makes to move his hand and I put mine over it, stopping him.

"But I forgive you.'' Tears well in my eyes again. "I know Gram didn't want me to know and that's okay. Well, it's not, but you made her a promise and I respect that. I understand, Alec."

Hope flares in his eyes and he pushes hair from my face with his other hand.

"You forgive me?" he says in disbelief.

I nod and smile slightly. "I forgive you."

His face changes. He smiles, his dimples showing, and steps closer to me.

''Never forget, right?'' I whisper, my eyes meeting his.

''Never,'' he says softly.

We look into each other's eyes for what seems like an eternity. I raise my hand and gently put it behind his neck, rising up on to my tiptoes as he lowers his head.

His lips meet mine. He wraps his arms around me, holding me tightly as if he'll never let me go again.

He's not perfect. I'm not perfect. But you know what?

That's okay, because I've realised that love is seeing other's imperfections, and loving them anyway.

EPILOGUE

ALEXIS

Four days after Alec and I made up, Grammy's heart gave out. They managed to resuscitate her and she naturally fell into a coma. They said if it happened again they didn't know if she'd come back.

It did. Two days later, exactly a week ago, her heart gave up the fight and we said goodbye.

Today, we say our final goodbyes. I stand in front of the church, dressed in black, knowing my beloved Grammy is lying in there. I take a deep breath and a hand slips into mine.

I curl into Alec's side and he kisses my forehead. As if saying goodbye to my Grammy isn't enough, we leave for London after her funeral. I have to say goodbye to Alec, too.

A battle of emotions fight inside me but I hold it together, accepting condolences and shoulder-pats from well meaning friends of Gram's.

Many have stopped me over the last week to regale me with stories of years gone by. In Tesco, at the beach, they even stopped by the cottage a few times. I smile and nod when they do. I don't need them to tell me how amazing my Grammy was. I know. I have my own novel of memories that will stay with me until I die and join her again.

The sun is shining through the stained glass window at the far end of the church, casting rainbows of light through the building. Grammy would have loved it.

When the first half of the funeral is said and done I step up to read my eulogy for her. I have no prepared speech, no scrap of paper like my brother did. Even if no words leave my mouth, she'll know I was thinking of her.

I look up, casting my eyes over the church and I swallow. It's packed. People are stood up. It's a testament to Grammy. Alec catches my eyes and nods once. I can do this.

"If someone had told me nine weeks ago when my parents drove into the smallest town in history that I'd be stood here saying goodbye to my Grammy today, I would have told them where to go. I would have laughed and told them my Grammy was immortal, with foundations rooted deep enough on this Earth to withstand a tsunami.

"I also would have been wrong. I've found out many things over the last two weeks, things I didn't know, but should have. It's all because of Grammy.

"One last summer is all she wanted with me. I'll always think I didn't spend enough time with her, but time isn't something you can measure. It's what you do in the time you do have that matters. This summer I've laughed, cried, joked and danced with her. I've listened to her tease me and try to play Cupid. I know why, now.

"She'll never get to watch me marry the man of my dreams, have children or graduate university. She'll never watch me land that big fashion label I've talked about since my mother introduced me to Chanel at age seven, and she'll never see my clothes on the runway. But, she's seen me happy. She's seen me fall in love and do some really, really crazy stuff this summer. Courtesy of Jen," I smile at my friend to a small rumble of laughter and she bows. "Seeing me happy was enough for her. Because of that, I've changed and grown into the kind of person I know she wanted me to be and for that, I'll always thank her.

"She wasn't just my Grammy. She was my friend, my rock, my confidante. She made everyone's day brighter without even realising it, especially mine. Some things in life are priceless, and she was one of them.

"So, Grammy, if you're up there listening with your Vino in hand, then thank you for being you because it's the greatest gift you could have given us. You're not here in body but you'll live on in our hearts and you'll never be forgotten. I don't know what else to say, and there's a pretty good chance I'm boring everyone now. We all know I got your, um, gift for talking, so I'm just gonna tell you that I love you. Those three words say pretty much all I need to say." I step down and pause at the coffin, kissing my fingers and pressing it against the wood. "You should also know I cut back your lavender plant earlier. I'm still waiting for you to come and kick my ass, so if you get a minute, I'll be on the M5 waiting for you."

Everyone laughs and I smile. I look back up and tears stream down Mum's face, but she smiles proudly and winks at me.

I did it.

~

"He's not here," I say to Jen and she hugs me.

"He's probably running late. I'll see you next week, right?" She smiles and I nod.

"Sure you will. Can't have a small town country girl getting lost in the big city." I shrug a shoulder.

"Ha, joker." She winks and climbs into her mum's car. "Love you!"

"Love you!" I wave after her.

"We gotta go, Lexy," Dad calls from the car.

I look around again and sigh. "Okay, Daddy."

I put my hand on the door handle when I hear the familiar rumble of a black 4x4 behind me. I turn my head slowly and Alec parks behind Dad's car.

"Need a lift?" He leans out the window.

"I'm pretty sure you're not headed my way," I say sadly.

He jumps out and slams the door. "You might be wrong there."

"Wh-what?" I mumble and drop my hand.

"Two months ago this little city girl walked into my life and took my world by storm." Alec stops in front of me and tilts my chin up. "She did something that made me fall stupidly in love with her, and baby, call me crazy, but there isn't a chance in hell I'm lettin' her walk back out of my life."

"You... You're coming to London? With me?"

"I know a guy who owns an estate agents. Said he'd find a flat close to some hot shot university and give me a job until I found one of my own or I could stay working for him." He winks and I turn to Dad in amazement. He shrugs his shoulders innocently and I smile.

"I'd never ask you to leave your home for me, Alec. There's no surfing in London." I stroke my finger down his cheek.

"Princess, you're not asking me to do anything. I made the choice and spoke to your Dad about finding a place to stay. He did it all. And besides.'' He leans his face into mine. "There might not be surfing in London, but there's no Lexy in Lilac Bay. I can live without the surfing, but live without you? You'd have to kill me first."

I press my lips to his and he holds me tight.

He's coming.

With me.

To London.

"So, did you need that lift?" His eyes twinkle.

"I'm pretty sure you're headed my way." I grin.

It's been a whirlwind summer filled with the unexpected. I've found true friendship again, I've fallen in love, felt the pain of heartbreak and I've said goodbye to a woman who I'll always remember.

As I climb into Alec's car and say goodbye to Lilac Bay, I know it's been a bitter sweet ending to a roller coaster summer.. But it's one I'll never forget.

