Chapter One - Roxy

It's been six months.

Twenty-six weeks. One hundred and eighty-two days. Two hundred and sixty-two thousand, nine hundred and seventy-four minutes. Or perhaps the most accurate; fifteen million, five hundred and fifty-two thousand seconds.

At least that's how it feels. It feels like a short slice of forever since I last saw my brother, but I remember the moment he died like yesterday. It's so clear, like I'm watching a movie play out in my mind. I remember the glare of headlights. The screech of the tires as the car swerved. My own ear-piercing scream as I watched it smash head on into a tree.

And the guilt. The guilt of not forcing him to get into Selena's car instead of Stu's. That's almost as bad as the memory itself - knowing I could have prevented it if I hadn't have let it go as easily as I always did.

Six months and it still hurts as much as it did then. I miss him as fiercely as I have every day since he died, and I know without a doubt whoever said time is a healer is a great big f**king liar. Nothing has healed; I haven't healed. I've been broken, my heart ripped to pieces, alone in my grief and unable to explain to anyone how I feel.

So I don't. I don't explain, I don't even try to, and I don't feel. I block it out, knowing it exists but choosing not to acknowledge it.

If I didn't, I'd lose whatever will is keeping me alive. I didn't just lose my brother that night. I lost a part of my very soul.

The vodka burns my throat as it goes down. It settles into a warm pool in my belly, and I savor that feeling for a moment. It'll be gone as quickly as it came, a fleeting spark of happiness. I eye the bottle, wondering if I can get away with another one before Selena finds me.

And she will. She'll know exactly where I've disappeared to... To the place she can't keep her eyes on me.

"How many have you had?"

I sigh. "Two."

"Bullshit, Roxy." My blonde-haired best friend steps in front of me, her hands on her hips. "How. Many?"

"Four," I lie for the second time. "I promise."

She scrutinizes me with her brown eyes, flicking them from my face to the bottle behind me. "Hmm. Okay."

"Don't you trust me, Leney?" I smirk.

Her eyebrow shoots up. "About as much as I trust my sister with my make-up bag."

"Ouch." I put a hand to my chest. "That hurts."

Selena snorts. "Spare me your dramatics, Roxy. You know I trust you with everything but the crap you keep putting in your body."

"It's just vodka."

"And the rest."

"I have no idea what you're talking about."

"If you think I didn't see you sneaking off with Layla, you're wrong."

"Please." I brush my hair back from my face and turn to pour a drink. "I didn't do anything."

"Look at me," Selena demands.

"Are you f**king kidding me?" I slam the bottle down over the music.

"If you didn't take anything, you'll turn your ass around and look at me."

Fuck me. "Fine." I turn my face to her and look her in the eyes for a minute. "See? I didn't take anything." Tonight. Yet.

"Alright. I believe you. This time." She sighs and takes the glass I offer her. "I just worry about you-"

"Yeah, yeah, I've heard it all." I take a drink. "You're worried about my drinking, suspected drug use and relationships. My mom already gave me the grilling. Again."

"Okay, as your best friend, you can hardly call what you have relationships."

"No, you can." My eyes scan the heaving room. "However short, they have all the ingredients. Attraction, want, and a mutual understanding of what's expected. In this case, it's nothing goes past one night. Hey - if they're lucky, they might even get my name."

Selena shakes her head, and I laugh.

"What? I might push the limits, but I'm always careful. I know I can get home safely if I've been drinking and I always use protection."

"You're a damn idiot, girl."

"Probably. But at least I'm a sensible one." I grin.

She runs her finger around the top of her glass. "Do you think he'd want to see you like this? Doing this to yourself?"

I freeze, every part of my body going cold. "I'm not doing anything to myself, and I'm sure as shit not talking about him tonight, Leney."

I down the rest of my glass, the vodka stronger than the Red Bull, and push off from the table. My eyes fix on a broad-shouldered guy in the middle of the crowd, his short, light hair spiked up, and I move toward him, emotion rushing through my body.

Shit, Selena knows better than to mention my brother.

Someone grabs my hand, stopping me and spinning me round. I press up against a hard chest and look up.

"Olly." My hand rests on his chest. "Can I help you?"

He looks down at my chest and back up. "Several ways."

I slide my hand up his chest to his face, running my thumb along his jaw. He tilts his head down, his lips brushing across the pad of my thumb.

"Oh, sorry. You must have missed the rhetorical part of that question." I smile sweetly, stepping back and breaking our contact. "Maybe some other time."

"You're a tease, Roxy Hughes."

"Me? Never." I glance over my shoulder and wink at him. I've barely taken five steps when I'm pulled into another chest. A very, very hard chest. My eyes flick upwards into a pair of bright blue ones I don't recognize. Oh. That sure doesn't happen often in Verity Point.

"Well, hello." The words escape me.

"Hello," he replies, his eyes skimming me appreciatively. "I've had the shittest night ever, so do me a favor and tell me you're here alone."

Okay, Mr. Terrible-Pick-Up line, usually you'd get your ass kicked down, but I'll be damned if I'm gonna walk away from someone this damn hot.

I run my eyes over his brown hair, his sharp features, his broad shoulders and toned biceps. "I was here alone." I flick my hair over my shoulder and rest a hand on his waist. "Now I'm here with you. How does that sound?"

His lips curve to one side as his arm slides around my back, pulling me into him. "That sounds real good to me."

The crowd suddenly closes in on us, my senior class a mass of grinding bodies. The mixture of probably too many shots, the pounding music, and the muscular body against mine becomes heady, and I let myself go.

My body moves with the guy's, his hand trailing down my back to the curve of my ass and cupping it. My pelvis pushes into his, and as we move I feel him steadily get harder. And bigger. Holy shit. His growing erection pushes into my hip, and I resist the urge to lick my lips and leave the party already.

Damn, two out of three for one night won't be bad. God knows Selena is on my case tonight, so it looks like whoever this guy is will have to be my drug of choice.

Just, for the love of God, let this guy know what he's doing in bed. Please.

He dips his head towards mine, touching his lips to mine. They're warm and probing, and he wastes no time slipping his tongue across the seam of my lips. My hand curls around his neck, pulling him closer to mine, and I open for him. Our tongues meet in an easy dance, stroking and searching the other's mouth. I feel the familiar clenching and warming of my nether regions as I imagine what else he could do with that tongue, and I push my hips into him without realizing.

His lips leave mine, traveling along my jaw to my ear. "What's your name?"

I laugh. "You don't really need my name, do you?"

"Good answer." He smiles against my hair, running a hand along my side and down to my thigh. His finger creeps under the hem of my skirt, tickling my bare skin. "In that case, I have a room at the B'n'B around the corner."

"As long as we sneak in round the back," I reply. "My Aunt owns that place." And wouldn't that be a story for the next family dinner?

"A girl who takes a risk," he murmurs, looking at me. "I like that."

I look up at him through my lashes. "That's not all you'll like."

He grins like the cat who's just got the cream and we step into the hall. "Let's get out of here."

"Give me two minutes." I find Selena in the kitchen and tap her shoulder. "Hey, I'm leaving."

"What..." Her eyes glance over my shoulder. "Oh. Okay, I guess. But text me later, promise?"

I roll my eyes. "Jesus, Leney. Okay, I promise to text you and tell you I'm not gagged and bound in a river somewhere."

"You're a bitch, Roxy." She shakes her head. "Who is he?"

I walk backwards, my lips quirking. "I have no f**king idea."

~

I ignore the pounding in my head as I sneak out of my house earlier than usual. In hindsight, maybe half a bottle of Jack with... whatever his name was... after we left the party wasn't the best idea. Actually, no maybe about it. It definitely wasn't the best idea, not when I know Mom is gonna give me another talk when I get home.

Verity Point is dead. At eight in the morning, everyone is still in bed. If it wasn't a Saturday, I would be too. I'd be snuggled under my covers, either escaping in dreams or trapped by nightmares.

My feet drag, feeling as heavy as my head, as the big iron cast gate to the graveyard comes into view, just like they always do. I hesitate with every step I take. It's pointless and unnecessary. My feet and I both know we'll pass through the gate, follow the path, and sit in front of Cam's grave like we do every Saturday morning. Like we have every Saturday since his funeral.

And we do. I slip through the open gate and take the path that leads to where he is. The branches of the trees lining the gravelly walk reach out over me, shading me from the rising summer sun and the heat it brings. The short walk is as full of heartache as always, and I still wonder if one day Cam will appear from behind the trees and tell me it was all a joke.

I hope he will. I hope the same way I once hoped he'd stop treating me like a little kid. I hope with everything I have, with all that I am. I hope one day I'll wake up and it'll all be a terrible dream. But I know it won't happen... The same way he never stopped treating me like the six year old he wished I still was. I swallow and look up as I enter his section of the graveyard.

And stop, because for the first time, I'm not alone here.

Kyle.

Of course he'd be here - I knew he was coming home yesterday, so he would make Cam his first stop first thing. He's crouched in front of the headstone, his face in his hands and his brown hair flopping over his fingers. I can almost taste the pain coming off of him, and it wraps around me, making me hurt even more. Me? I can deal with the pain of losing Cam, but I can't deal with seeing Kyle suffer that same pain.

I wasn't the only person to lose a part of myself that night.

My heart climbs into my throat, skipping almost painfully. And it's wrong. So, so wrong, but it's an automatic reaction to him. It's the same reaction he's elicited from me for the last four years - not that it matters, or even that anyone knows. I'm just Cam's kid sister, and I always have been. I always will be, and I've accepted that. I just wish that acceptance would drown out the ever-present feelings I have for him, the ones that are roaring up even now. This time, though, the spikes of attraction are mixed with a hint of anger.

Anger because he wasn't here then. He wasn't there when Cam was dying in the hospital and he wasn't here when he was being lowered into that goddamn hole.

He was the only person that could have made it easier to deal with losing my brother... But he wasn't here. I needed him, and he was at the other end of the coast.

"Roxy."

I blink, fighting back the burn in my eyes. "You weren't here," I say softly, a hint of accusation in my tone.

Kyle stands and runs a hand through his brown hair. "I know. I wish... I just..." He looks back at the gravestone for a second and sighs. "How are you?" His eyes rise to mine.

"I hope you don't exactly expect me to answer that." I walk toward the grave and stop next to him, staring at the darkened inscription on the gray marble.

Cameron John Hughes.

His name is all I can look at. I don't need to look at the dates or the eulogy saying how amazing he is. I know that already, and the date of his death is burned into my mind. January 10th.

"Rox..."

I shake my head. "Don't. Don't give me your sympathy, Kyle. Its six months too late."

"I'd just gone back. I didn't have the money for another flight."

"We would have paid for you. Mom and Dad would have got you the ticket. You know that." I drop to the ground, crossing my legs under me.

"They'd just lost their son. I wasn't about to ask them to do that for me." He sits down next to me, crossing his own legs and hooking his arms around them. The same way Cam used to sit.

I look at the grass. "I would have driven to get you. I would have driven through the night if that's what it took."

"Roxy, you can barely drive to Portland without breaking a sweat."

"I would have driven there for Cam," I say quietly. "He would have wanted you there."

Kyle lets out a long breath, dropping his head. "Shit, I know. I shoulda been there. I bet he's haunting me now and cursing my ass for not being here for you."

I laugh sadly. "You didn't need to be here for me." I wanted you to be. "You needed to be here for you. I know you'll never forgive yourself." I pick at the grass, snapping off blades and letting them drop back to the ground. Causing death in a place full of it.

"I'll never forgive myself for not convincing him to come to Berkeley with me. If he had, that never would have happened."

"I'll never forgive myself for letting him get in that car with Stu. We all knew he'd had a few to drink. If he'd got in with me and Selena, it never would have happened."

"Jesus, Rox! It ain't your fault. Cam was as stubborn as a goddamn mule. He never did anything unless his Royal Ass wanted to."

I look at him properly for the first time. There are slight shadows under his brown eyes and there's a sadness lingering in them I've never seen. Other than that he's the same Kyle I've always known. His skin is tanned from living in California, and his body is just as lean as it's always been.

"Then how could it possibly be your fault?" I question.

His eyes meet mine fully, and his lips twitch up at one side. "Touche, Roxanne. Touche."

"Don't call me Roxanne." I elbow him. "You know I hate it."

"I know. That's why I do it." He laughs quietly. "You know what worries me about Cam being gone?"

"Who'll cause trouble with you now?"

"Partly... But mostly it's who'll keep your ass in check."

"My ass doesn't need keeping anywhere, thank you very much."

"No, it does. It needs keeping in your pants."

My eyes trace Cam's name. "I believe the location of my ass is none of your business."

He snorts. "It is if I'm the one keeping it in check."

That sounds way more appealing than it should.

"Cam didn't keep my ass in check. He kept everyone else's in it."

"Then I'll keep their asses in check," Kyle says nonchalantly.

I shake my head, a bitter laugh in my throat, and get up. "You're not my brother, Kyle. I only have one of those." I kiss my fingers and press them to the top of the gravestone, letting my hand fall away slowly before turning away.

"No, but I promised him I'd look after you if anything happened to him."

I pause. "I don't need looking after. I'm not a kid anymore."

He laughs. "I know that, Rox. Believe me, girl, I know you're not a kid. I'll argue your other point, though."

"There is no argument." I turn back to him, my arms folded across my chest.

"That's not what I've heard." His eyes pierce mine. "There's quite a few people who think you need an awful lot of looking after."

"Unreal. This place is f**king unreal. You've been back, what? Twelve hours? And people are already talking about me." I let that bitter laugh leave as my head shakes yet again. "I'll say it again; I don't need looking after, regardless of what the people here may think. You weren't here for me when I needed you, Kyle, whatever your reason for that is, so there's no need for you to be here for me when I don't need you!"

"No one's talking about you." He gets up and walks toward me, stopping half a foot away. "It might surprise you that while I was at college and you were here transforming yourself into the resident bad girl, I was talking to your parents every weekend." His eyes flick over my body. "You tell me I wasn't there for you, but I was there for your mom when you weren't."

"Don't you dare."

"What? Tell you the truth?" He raises his eyebrows. "No one else does, do they?"

I say nothing.

"I didn't think so. You might think I wasn't there for you, Rox, but I was. Every day. I didn't have to be here to care." His voice softens and he tucks my hair behind my ear. "You just never looked for it."

My arms drop, and I swallow, my chest tightening. A lump rises in my throat, and I fight against the tears burning my eyes. "That doesn't matter." I step back and point at the ground. "You weren't here. You weren't in the place that mattered when it mattered!"

"Go home." Kyle looks at me steadily. "Go home and sleep off that killer hangover, and I'll see you later when you've calmed down."

I spin on my heel, my fists clenching at my sides. "Remember, you're not my brother!" I throw back at him over my shoulder.

"I know. But I'm the closest damn thing you have."

That's the problem. And it always will be.

I don't know what I'm more angry about - whether it's the fact he's come back and said all that shit, or because he still sees me as Cam's kid sister. A part of me, a tiny part of me, hoped he'd come back and I'd be more than that. That he'd look at me in a way different to the brotherly way he always has.

A stupid, stupid goddamn part of me that needs shooting.

I swipe hot, angry tears from my eyes and turn into the woods. Kyle might be back for the summer but that doesn't give him the right to act all protective of me. It doesn't give him the right to do anything at all.

Fuck him.

Chapter Two - Kyle

She isn't the girl I left here at the beginning of the year.

No. Roxy Hughes has definitely changed. Gone is the sweet, soft-spoken girl I knew, and she's been replaced with someone completely different. Someone alien.

I didn't believe what everyone had been telling me until this morning. I didn't believe my little Roxy could be so careless and devil-may-care, but she is. It's not hard for me to imagine her getting wasted every weekend and doing God knows what with God knows who.

Shit. What the f**k happened to her? Of all the ways she could have dealt with Cam dying, she's chosen this? Ruining herself?

I shake my head in my hands, and my eyes fall on the framed image hanging above the fireplace. It's of me, Cam, and Roxy from a year ago, taken right after our last football game of high school. Cam and I are both grinning from the win, our helmets tucked under our arms, and Roxy's sandwiched between us both. Her black hair is over one shoulder, and her blue eyes are as bright as the smile gracing her lips.

A heavy sense of loneliness hits me in the gut. I've barely been home a day, but I can feel it. I can feel the gaping hole left by Cam's absence. It's like Verity Point has lost a part of the town - and it has. It's lost the life and soul of the party, the joker, the class clown. That was Cam; the guy who could make everyone laugh without even trying. But I've lost more than that. I've lost my best friend, my partner-in-crime, and my brother.

I should have just chopped off my f**king leg after his dad called that night. It would have been less painful and a fitting description of what it feels like to be home and know he's not here. Know he won't ever be here again.

The front door opens, and I still stare at the picture.

"Alright, son?" Dad asks, walking into the front room.

"It isn't the same, is it?" I don't turn around. "Without him here. I can feel it."

He sighs and throws his jacket on the chair before lowering himself next to me. He leans forward, his elbows on his knees, and clasps his hands together. Scamp, our terrier, bounds over to me and wags his tail against my leg. I scratch the top of his head absently.

"Nope. Hasn't been since the moment he died. It's too quiet around here. It was bad enough when you left - we only had one half of the dynamic duo we'd all come to secretly love, no matter how many tricks you played on us."

I smile.

"You leaving for college left a gap here we all noticed... But Cam? Cam's death has left a damn canyon. There isn't a person in this town that doesn't miss him."

"I don't need you tell me that, Dad. Everyone loved Cam. He was the golden boy."

Dad nods. "Roxy's taken it the hardest."

"Yeah... I saw her earlier." I rub my face.

"Sounds fun," he replies dryly.

"About as fun as finals. She pretty much let me have it at one point. I guess everyone's been treating her like a princess, right?"

"You guess right." Dad settles back on the sofa. "No one wanted to tell her no at first, everyone thought her acting out was her way of coping, but it just got worse. By the time Ray and Myra realized how bad she was, it was too late. I spoke to him last week about her, and he's lost for what to do. She won't listen to them."

"You know she won't. Roxy was the sweetest damn girl ever, but that doesn't change how headstrong she's always been. Tell her she's wrong, and she'll do all she can to prove she's right. Tell her no, and sure as hell she'll go and do it." I pause. "What about Selena? She must have tried."

"Every weekend, Ray said. At this point, Selena goes along with her just to make sure she gets home safely. Or so she says. If you believe the rumors, Roxy usually takes a detour on her way home, if you get my meaning."

My jaw clenches, my teeth grinding together. That riles me and brings out every protective instinct in my body. The thought of Roxy sleeping with random guys on a weekend after getting herself wasted...

"Let me guess, there's a party tonight?" I look at my dad.

"Even if there wasn't, I don't doubt Roxy would find one these days."

I stand up, pulling my cell from my pocket and scrolling down to Si's name. My closest friend aside from Cam. I fire off a message to him asking if he knows where Roxy will be tonight, and sigh. Dad's sympathy-filled eyes meet mine when I look up.

"I know you always promised Cam..." he starts.

"I owe him this much, Dad. I wasn't here six months ago but I am now, so I can try and sort the shit she's getting herself in." My cell buzzes and I glance at the screen. Si's reply. I scan the message, getting the place of the party.

"Alright. If anyone can knock some sense into her, it's you."

"I'll try, at least."

And I don't exactly want to watch her destroy herself, either.

~

Miami's football program has done Si good. Since I saw him at Christmas, he has to have put on another half a stone of pure muscle. He was easily our top linebacker - hell, he was probably the best guy on our damn team at school.

"Never thought I'd see Selena having a party," I mutter.

Si snorts as we walk in. "Three guesses who convinced her."

I don't need three. I wish I did though. "She's really that bad?"

"You'll see for yourself tonight." Si shoulders his way through a group of girls toward the fridge. He pulls out two beers, hands me one, and leans against the side.

"Great," I say dryly, leaning next to him. I look out over the large kitchen, my eyes scanning heads for the raven black hair I know so well. "How many f**king people are here?"

"Too many. Thanks in part to-"

"Roxy," I finish for him.

"Out of town party a month or so ago. Selena told me she hooked up with one the guys there and apparently has herself a small fan club. They're here tonight."

"Hence why you're here."

"Like I'm gonna leave my cousin with a bunch of guys I don't know. I'm pissed she went out of Verity to party as it is." Si swigs from the bottle and eyes me. "You really think I'd be here if it wasn't for that? Selena is the sensible one out of those two."

"Mmm." A flash of black hair catches my eye from the corner of the kitchen. My muscles tense at the way that hair flicks over a shoulder flirtatiously, and the smile on Roxy's face isn't one I've seen before. It's almost predatory, focused on some guy in front of her I don't know. She puts a hand on her hip and runs the fingers of her other hand in small circles over her chest.

Her very on display chest.

I take in her outfit. The red shirt she's wearing leaves little to the imagination, clinging to her body so tightly the buttons across her br**sts are almost popping open and her faded blue jeans, tucked into Uggs, are so tight they're practically embedded into her skin. She looks comfortable and casual... And sexy. Very f**king sexy.

I shift uncomfortably as the thought crosses my mind. I've never thought of Roxy that way before. Sure, I've always known she was beautiful, maybe even been attracted to her a few times, but I've never devoured her body with my eyes the way I am right now.

Her laugh travels to my ears over the music, and I bring the beer bottle to my mouth to hide the tightening of my jaw.

"Who's that jerk?" Si nudges me, nodding in the direction of Roxy.

"Your guess is as good as mine."

"You look pissed."

"I don't like the way he's looking at her, that's all."

"He looks like he wants to do more than talk to her."

"Si."

"Well. He does." Si laughs. "Want me to take him outside?"

I laugh with him. "Nah. I'll just keep an eye on him - and her - and make sure he keeps his hands to himself."

"Tom Parks, twenty-two, lives in Portland. Visiting a sick aunt who lives on the other side of the falls." Selena stops in front of us and holds out two beers.

"How do you know that?" Si raises an eyebrow at her.

"Roxy may not give a crap about the names of the guys she f**ks, but I always find out." She tilts her glass in Roxy's direction. "I can't stop her doing what she wants to, but I can try to keep her safe."

"He's a jerk," I say, looking at her. "Does he know she's only just eighteen?"

"Of course he does. Everyone here knows Roxy." A bitter laugh leaves her. "He knows and he doesn't care. He likes younger girls if you believe what you hear."

"Shit, Leney. Rumors are crap and you know it," Si scoffs.

"Hey, every rumor has a bit of truth to it. Where did it come from otherwise?" She jabs his chest.

"She's got a point," I acquiesce, watching Roxy lead Tom into the front room. "And he's got a shock comin' to him."

"She'll kill you, Kyle. She's real pissed at you still."

"So she told me this morning." I pop the cap of the beer and glance at the blonde bombshell. "Do I look like I give a shit if she's annoyed at me or not?"

Selena smirks. "Not really."

"There we go then." I push off from the side, heading toward the front room. "If you'll excuse me, I've got a wayward little ass to keep out of trouble."

The volume of the music increases as I pass through the people milling around, stopping every now and then to greet and chat to the people I've grown up with. One thing is noticeable; Cam's name is never mentioned. The subject of him isn't even touched upon, and it annoys me even though I know it's not because he's been forgotten. I can still talk about him.

Roxy is easy to find when I step into Selena's huge front room. She's in the middle of the room, running her hands through her hair and moving her body in time with the music. And the way she moves it...

My eyes aren't the only ones on her. Every guy in the room is eating her alive visually. They're all wishing they were the lucky bastard with his hands on her hips, his front against her back, his smug smirk in her hair.

I just wish I could punch him.

I sit where I am, in the corner of the room, making casual conversation with people I haven't seen since Christmas. I keep my gaze on and around Roxy, never letting her leave my sight. My fist clenches with every drink she has, and by midnight I've lost count.

I'm half pissed at her and half impressed at the amount her little body can hold.

She stumbles a little and waves Tom off from catching her. She passes me, not seeing me, and heads in the direction of the kitchen with him hot on her heels. Fuck this. I get up and follow them, catching sight of Roxy just as she steps outside. Selena catches my eye as I walk past and sighs dejectedly.

Yeah, I'm feeling that myself.

Its cooler outside than it is in Selena's house, but I don't notice. I just notice Roxy's shaking head and Tom getting closer to her than he should be in her state. She holds her hands up, and he grabs them, his fingers visibly flexing around her wrists.

"Get off me," she tries to shake him off.

"You just need to calm down," he replies, and she winces.

Hell f**king no.

I storm across the garden and hit him with a glare made from stone. My hands cover his and I unpeel his fingers from her one by one. Roxy lowers her arms.

"Watch who you're putting your f**king hands on." My voice is hard. A warning.

Because anyone who hurts Roxy gets hurt back.

I put my arm around her shoulders and tuck her into my side. She looks up at me with one eyebrow raised. "I've been looking for you all night."

"Who the f**k is this?" Tom looks between us.

"I'm her boyfriend," I reply before Roxy can. She tenses, and I look down at her. "You win. You proved you could pull someone else before me, but I think it's time we got going."

I spin us away from Tom before he says another word and lead her round the side of the house, digging my keys from my pocket. Roxy pulls away from me.

"What the hell was that, Kyle?"

"Get in the car." I unlock it and open the passenger door.

"Fuck no," she spits. "You've been drinking."

I level my gaze on her. "I had two bottles over three hours ago - I'm as sober as they come. Now get your ass in my f**king car before I put it in there."

She glares at me, and I pat the door. Slowly, she sits in the seat, and I slam the door on her. I watch her as she rubs her wrists one after the other.

"Did he hurt you?"

"What was all that about?" she repeats her earlier question.

"Did he hurt you?!" I smack the steering wheel and level my gaze on her.

"I'm fine," she mutters.

"Right. And to answer your question, I have no idea what you're talking about."

"That! In the yard!" She turns in her seat. "My f**king boyfriend?"

I hide the twitch of my lips. "It was all I could come up with."

"Fuck!" She puts her hand on her forehead. "Why did you do that?"

"Roxy, you're absolutely wasted. There was no way I was letting you go home with that jerk."

"I'm old enough to decide that for myself."

"But not clear headed enough. Besides, you didn't exactly look like you were welcoming his advances before I turned up." I shoot her a meaningful look.

She pauses, sucking her bottom lip into her mouth and nibbling on it. "I just needed a few minutes."

"Mhmm. And if I didn't come out when I did?"

She says nothing.

"Good job I decided to come over tonight, isn't it?"

"I told you earlier. I don't need you."

I pull into her drive, parking behind her mom's car, and turn to her. "Obviously, you do."

"You're a f**king ass, Kyle." She shoves the door open and gets out, pushing it hard to close it. I get out and walk to her, holding her arm to stop her, bending my mouth to her ear.

"True, but I'm a f**king ass who probably stopped yours getting raped tonight."

Roxy freezes. "That wouldn't have happened." Uncertainty filters through her words, a tiny waver I know well.

"How do you know?"

Nothing.

"It isn't worth the risk, is it? Like I said, lucky for you, I was there."

She lifts her head until her blue eyes collide with mine. "And now you can say you fulfilled your promise to Cam. Now you can leave me to it."

"So you can do the same thing next weekend?"

"That's nothing to do with you."

"Wrong. It's everything to do with me."

"How is it?"

"Because I care."

"Well, don't." She snatches her arm from my grip and opens her front door. "Go back to California, Kyle. I don't want you to care."

The door shuts behind her, and I stare at it for a second. What the hell happened to her? Everything she's been tonight - from her actions to her words, even her facial expressions - they really are nothing like the person I remember. It's as if she's been taken over by something or someone else.

And I hate it.

I sigh, turning from the house. "Goodnight, Roxy."

Chapter Three - Roxy

The morning after is always a complete bitch. The hangover, the empty, sick feeling in your stomach, and the blurring of your memories. My brain has blocked out random chunks of last night after around ten p.m., and all I can really remember is dancing with Tom then leaving with Kyle. I have no idea about the rest of the night, or why my wrists are aching.

"Roxy! Get up!" Mom yells up the stairs.

"I am!" I call back, rolling out of bed.

"I need to open the cafe, and we're going to be late!"

"Alright! Give me five minutes." I rub my face with one hand as I grab my jeans from the back of my chair with the other. I throw on a shirt and slip my arms into a sweater. My hair and make-up takes me two minutes to rush through, and I practically fall down the stairs.

Mom looks me up and down when I pull my boots on. "At least you look presentable."

"So glad you approve," I mutter dryly.

She sighs. "Roxy..."

"Let's go, Mom." I open the front door. "Don't want to be late, remember?"

I hear her sigh again as I walk to her car. She can sigh all she likes - she told me to hurry so I'm not stopping for a heart-to-heart in the damn hallway. I just want to get to the cafe, do my shift, and then call Selena to find out what I did - or didn't - do last night.

We pull up to R and C's, the cafe Mom's owned for the last twelve years. She named it R and C's after me and Cam - she said we were her pride and joy and so was the cafe, so it made sense to name it after us. The inside is even decorated in our favorite colors - blue and purple. At least they were when she freshened it up five years ago.

I walk across the royal blue, tiled floor to the counter and look over the cafe. The white walls are covered in photos of the Columbia Gorge and Mt. Hood through the seasons. They start in spring to the left of the counter and spread round the cafe, finishing in winter to the right of the counter. The images hang between the small menu boards with the specials on, their alternative blue and purple frames bright against the walls. The tables are half covered with table covers, alternating like the frames and the menus that sit on them. If there's a blue cover, there's a purple menu.

Mom really went all out on her design. She put as much love into opening the cafe as she did raising us, and it's all that's kept her going the last few months.

Mom flips the sign on the door to "Open," and I start up the coffee machine. Sundays at the cafe are easy; old Mr. Yeo will be in for his coffee and waffles in fifteen minutes, followed by the Stevens sisters for their weekly cake treat ten minutes later, then Louisa, my cousin, will be in to drink us out of coffee as she writes another chapter or so on her next book. Always the same people at the same time.

Just how I like it. It gives me something to concentrate on, and if I'm doing that, I'm not thinking about the photo of Cam right in front of me on the counter. If I'm not thinking about him, I can almost pretend I'm not hurting.

Just like Mom does.

Two weeks to grieve, to hurt, then she was back at it - throwing herself into work. She insisted the cafe had to be opened, that life had to go on. Our lives didn't stop just because Cam's did. The truth of it plagues me and taunts me every day, and I'll never know how it's so damn easy for her to walk on in here each morning, put a smile on her face, and pretend everything is fan-freaking-tastic.

I don't know how she does it. I never will.

I tie my apron around my waist and tuck a pad and pen into one of the pockets as the doors open. Mr. Yeo walks in, ten minutes early, and I know instantly today is going to go horribly.

Mr. Yeo is never early.

"Good mornin', young Roxanne," he says in his usual chipper tone.

I smile despite his use of my full name. "Good morning, Mr. Yeo. Your usual?"

"Of course, girl. When have I ever had anything else?" He chuckles, sitting at his table by the window. He rests his cane against the wall behind him and settles down, waiting for his coffee.

"Mom." I poke my head into the kitchen. "Mr. Yeo's here."

"He's early." She looks at me, surprised.

"Yep." I sigh and grab a mug for his coffee. My foot taps against the floor in a quiet beat to the radio Mom insists on having on in the background as I make the hot drink. I carry the mug across the cafe and set it in front of Mr. Yeo. He gets his paper out and lays it on the table.

"How are you, my dear?" he asks.

"I'm okay, thanks. How's my favorite customer?"

"Favorite customer? There's favoritism?" Isla Stevens cries as she walks through the door. "Well I never, Roxy. I thought I'd be your favorite!"

"No, that would be me," her twin sister, Marie, pitches in, patting her graying hair. I laugh and lead them to the counter.

"Now, ladies no need to fight. How about we make you my favorite female customers?"

"Hmph. I suppose we can share that," Isla mutters.

"Goodness me, Isla. We've shared a womb, clothes, a house, and you're fussing over a favorite customer title." Marie shakes her head and leans toward me. "She always was the fussy one."

"You forgot boyfriends," Isla adds. "I believe we shared a few of those back in the day."

I raise my eyebrows and move to the cake section of the counter. "I'm not sure I want to listen to any more of this conversation."

The twins laugh. "Oh, dear," Isla giggles. "Not like that."

"Like that? I didn't say anything." I plate up the two slices of carrot cake and set them in front of me.

"No, but you were thinking it. After all..."

"...We know what you young'uns are like these days," Marie finishes her sister's sentence. "All that trashy television."

"Which you enjoy."

"Shush, Isla. Don't tell everyone."

I smile. Isla rolls her eyes. "Dear, Marie. Anyway, Roxy."

I look up from the register and freeze when I see the glint in her eyes. "Um, yes?"

"We've heard something," Marie taps the counter.

"That happens when you have ears," I respond, tapping mine.

She looks at her sister. "She thinks she's funny."

"They all do," Isla replies. I grin.

Marie looks back to me. "We've heard a bit of gossip. About you, dear."

Well, isn't that a surprise.

"Enlighten me," I say dryly.

Isla leans forward, pressing her chest against the counter. "We heard," she whispers. "That that hunk of a boy, Kyle, is your boyfriend."

The twins look at me expectantly, both with excitement shimmering behind their hazel eyes.

I snort loudly and slap my hand over my mouth. "Uh, ladies, there's a reason things are called gossip. It's because they're not true."

Their faces drop. "Oh, damn," Isla mutters. "Those would have been some pretty babies."

"Right you are, Isla. Very pretty. And Cam would have approved."

"The only male Cam ever approved of me dating was a Hollywood star - and even then he had to be on screen," I remind them.

"Well, it's still a shame," Marie murmurs, taking her plate. "We could do with a bit of juice around here these days. Nothing exciting ever happens anymore."

"I agree..." Isla nods as they both walk over to their table. I look at them hopelessly, shaking my head, and the bell from the kitchen rings for food. I walk in to get Mr. Yeo's waffles.

"I'm sure I just heard the twins," Mom says, wiping the side down.

"You did. Being their usual crazy selves." I grab the plate. "Gossiping."

She laughs. "You wouldn't think they were in their fifties. More like their fifteens, if there were such a thing."

"I think there is. It's reserved just for them." I leave the kitchen and give Mr. Yeo his breakfast.

I'm wiping the counter down when the door opens again. I swear, if this is Louisa early, too...

"You look like crap," Selena announces.

"Gee, thanks. You look amazing yourself."

She sits at the counter. "I'll have a lemonade with a dose of what the freaking hell was wrong with you last night?"

I purse my lips, grabbing a glass and filling it with ice. "I have no idea what you're on about."

"Of course you don't." She sighs as I put the glass in front of her and lean on the counter.

"Really, I don't. I can't remember much."

Her lips twist up on one side. "You mean you don't remember Kyle claiming he was your boyfriend? Oh, this is awesome."

"He did what?" I glance over her shoulder at the Stevens sisters. "You know what? My morning suddenly makes sense."

"He pretended to be your boyfriend to get you away from that Tom guy you were hanging with."

"Why the hell did he do that?"

"You were too drunk, and Tom was too grabby." Selena shrugs. "He pretty much dragged you from my house."

"Asshole!"

"Yep, you mentioned that a few times to him last night apparently. He called me when he'd taken you home."

"I can't believe he did that," I grumble. "He's not my damn keeper!"

"You need one," my cousin's voice says from the doorway. I look up, spying her black hair as she strolls toward me.

"Oh, don't you start as well." I stand and grab a mug for her first coffee.

"I'm just sayin', Rox." Louisa holds her hands up, her laptop bag slung over her shoulder. "You think you're good, but you're not."

I catch her eye, and my heart sinks when I catch her meaning.

"Please tell me the reason you were at the B'n'B on Friday night wasn't what I think it is."

"Shut up," I hiss under my breath, glancing at a suspiciously silent Isla and Marie. I put Louisa's coffee in front of her. "I'm not talking about that here."

"That's a yes." My cousin sighs. "God, Rox. You really have to-"

"Give it a damn rest," I snap. "I'm not a child."

"You know he wouldn't have wanted you to act this way," Selena says softly.

"She's right," Louisa asks. "Cam would have gone crazy seeing you behave this way."

"Then he shouldn't have got in the car knowing Stu was absolutely f**king steaming, should he? He should have got in with us."

"You know that isn't fair," Lou says with an edge to her voice.

"No, what isn't fair is that he died. What isn't fair is that I'm just trying to cope and I can't even grieve for him without everyone going on at me." I snatch up my cloth.

"You're not grieving, Roxy."

"Everyone grieves in different ways. This is mine, okay?" I stare at her and point at her laptop bag. "Are you gonna work on that book? It won't write and publish itself, you know."

Louisa chews the inside of her cheek, and sighs. "Fine. I get it." She turns and sits at the table nearest to the counter.

I resume my cleaning of the counter unnecessarily and feel Selena's eyes on me. I turn to face her.

"What?"

She sips her lemonade. "She's right, you know."

I scoff, turning to the coffee machine. "Oh cry me a f**king river, why don't you?"

"Just saying."

"Well don't."

~

It's not a problem if I know I'm doing it.

This is what I'm telling myself; it's what I have to tell myself. I have to believe I don't have a problem and my coping mechanism hasn't developed into more than just that. It hasn't. It can't have. The drink, the sex, the... occasional drug use... is a habit, not an addiction. I can live without it.

Maybe...

His room hasn't been touched. I know because I'm the only one that ever opens the door. I'm the only one brave enough to step into the place that was his sanctuary and filled with everything that made Cam, Cam.

It even smells like him still. His half-empty Davidoff cologne sits on his desk, the underlying musky smell still lingering in the air as if it was only sprayed recently. The bed is still perfectly made, and there's still a weeks' worth of clean clothes piled on his chair. He never did put them away - instead waiting until Mom gave in and did it or he could bribe me to.

I sit on his bed and lean back against the wall. My legs bend upward, my thighs pressing against my chest, and I wrap my arms around my knees. Every part of me aches with missing him. It's a feeling that runs deeper than anything I've ever known, so deep I feel it right to my bones. Being in his room only makes it worse, but it's all I have left of him. The memories aren't enough yet.

I need to be in his room surrounded by him. By the clothes I sneak out when Mom isn't around, returning them only once they no longer smell of him, and by that exact smell. I still call his cell to hear his voice on the answer phone. I still check his Facebook very day for a stupid status update or a picture of a cat with some stupid caption.

Of course they never come. And it hurts - every time I look at the date of his last post, a grumpy cat picture, my stomach sinks a little more, twisting painfully with every millimeter it drops. The same feeling hits when I look at the sneakers he'll never wear again or think of the pink shirt he bought for my graduation to piss me off.

The shirt he'll never wear. The graduation he never got to attend.

I reach to the side and smooth my hand across the comforter beneath me. The navy fleece blanket gives way to the lighter blue sheet beneath it, both smelling of his Davidoff and fresh laundry. It amazes me his room still smells like him, and it's almost as if he can't let go either, even though he has no hold on his life.

I hope it never leaves. I hope his things still smell like my big brother, my idol, as long as I'm here. I know I taint it every time I walk in here but I can't help it. It's a catch-22... I either preserve the thing that reminds me of him the most by staying away, making the preservation irrelevant, or I keep removing a little of it by coming in when I get lonely.

The smell will fade eventually, this I know, and that's what keeps me coming in here. Either way the musky yet fresh fragrance will disappear, so I might as well make the most of it while I can. Besides, I adore the smell, even if I did taunt him about it constantly when he was alive.

"You'll choke her," I'd warned him, leaning against the doorframe.

"Oh, ha ha. And you're the expert on dating, I suppose."

"I'm not allowed to date, Cameron. Remember?"

He chuckled and sprayed again. I wrinkled my nose.

"'Kay, seriously. She'll be drowning in that stuff."

"If I have my way, she'll be drowning in Eau De Cam." My brother winked. I gagged.

"You smell like a cheap whore."

Another chuckle accompanied the kiss to my forehead. "How do you know I'm not?"

I scoot off the bed and open one of his drawers. His sweaters are lined up, all folded neatly, and I grab one from the top of a pile. I pull it over my head and look in his mirror. The hoodie swamps me, but I don't care. I hunch my shoulders and bury my nose in the collar, smiling when I smell Davidoff. He wore this before he died and put it back in his drawer, obviously.

Little shit. I always knew he could put his own damn washing away.

The house is still silent since Dad helps Mom at the cafe on Tuesdays. I curl my fingers around my cell as I go downstairs, my thumb rubbing over the unlock key on the side.

I could call Layla now. I could get her to meet me, give me what I want, and then it wouldn't hurt anymore. I wouldn't feel so lost without Cam because I'd be lost somewhere else.

Somewhere else...

A knock sounds at the door as I put my hand on the handle, and I pull it open.

"Kyle," his name leaves my mouth in an exclamation of surprise. What's he doing here? Didn't he get it before? I don't need him.

Or rather, I don't want to need him.

"Roxy. I wasn't sure if you were here." He scratches the side of his nose, looking down at me with his soft brown eyes. "Can I come in?"

I step to the side. "You don't need to ask. You never have before."

"Yeah, well. It doesn't feel the same without him here." His eyes focus on Cam's sweater, and I wrap my arms around my body. "You wear that better than he ever did."

I snort, shutting the door behind him. "Right. I look like I'm wearing a tent."

Kyle shrugs, wandering into the front room and looking around. He doesn't say anything for a moment, his eyes flitting from picture to picture. Me. Cam. Cam and Kyle. Cam and I. All three of us. "I wanted to talk to you."

"I don't want to hear it." I storm into the kitchen.

"That's nice. You don't even know what I want to talk about."

"Probably the same old bullshit everyone else does."

"Or maybe it's not anything to do with you. It might surprise you to learn not everything is about you, Roxanne Hughes. As much as you apparently think otherwise," he finishes dryly.

My mouth drops open, and I turn to him. He leans against the doorframe connecting the kitchen and the front room, his hands in his pockets and his hair sweeping casually over his forehead.

"Wow, I don't remember you being this much of a dickhead when you left here last summer," I snap, disguising the sting of his words.

"And I don't remember you being this much of a bitch, so I guess we're on a level playing field here."

I c**k my thumb in the direction of the door. "You know the way out."

Kyle doesn't move. His head tilts to the side and his eyes study me. "You're cute."

"Excuse me?"

"I said you're cute."

"I heard what you said." I snap my jaw up. "By "excuse me," I meant what the f**k?"

"I know." The bastard grins. He f**king grins.

"Something funny?"

"You really, really don't want me to answer that."

I stare at him stonily, trying to ignore the flipping of my stomach. The way he smiles... I've seen him do it thousands of times and it never gets old. It's playful and endearing and annoying at the same time.

"I wish I could wipe that smile off your face," I lie.

"Really? Because I wish someone would put one on yours."

"There'd be more of a chance if you didn't come over here and talk to me like shit."

Kyle laughs. "Right. I guess you've already forgotten who started with the sass?"

I open my mouth and pause. Oh yeah. That was me...

"Exactly." He pushes off from the doorframe and crosses the kitchen, his stride swallowing it up. I keep my eyes on him as he moves closer to me and leans his hip against the counter. "You know, just because I want to talk to you doesn't mean it's about you."

"That's the only reason most people do these days."

"And whose fault is that?" One of his eyebrows goes up. "I got home four days ago and even I can see you need a damn good talking to."

"Hey-"

"But that's not what I'm talking about."

I narrow my eyes, putting my hands in the front pocket of Cam's hoodie. "What, then?"

"Cam."

I shake my head.

"Yes."

"No." I move away from him. "I can't-"

"You might not need me, but maybe I need you for this."

His words stop me in my tracks. "Why? You could talk to Si, or Ben, or even Lewis. Why me?"

"Because." He pauses and exhales a loud, pained breath. "Because no one knew Cam the way we did, Rox. No one could possibly imagine how much it f**king hurts to be here without him. Except you."

I squeeze my eyes shut and open the front door. "I'm sorry," I whisper. "I can't help you."

"Jesus, Roxy." Kyle's feet thud against the laminate floor, and the air shifts when he stops in front of me. He takes a lock of my hair between his fingers, twirling it. "You take stubborn to a whole new level. I need to talk about him, okay? I need to remember him with someone who loved him even more than I did. Without him here... I feel lost. Completely f**king lost."

I open my eyes. His face is right in front of mine, his eyes on mine, and I swallow. My heart picks up pace from both his closeness and the raw pain in his voice I feel right through me.

"I'm not ready to talk about him."

"It's been six months."

"And?" I knock his hand from my hair. "I know. But that doesn't mean I want to talk about him, Kyle. You have to understand that."

He smiles sadly. "And that's your problem."

"I don't have a problem."

"Oh, you have several." His laugh is as hopeless as his smile is sad. "You're just too busy hiding behind all the shit you do to yourself to realize it."

"You said you didn't want to talk about that."

"I said I didn't want to. Not that I wouldn't."

"Asshole."

"So you keep saying." He backs away from the house, dangling his keys from his hand. "I won't give up on it, Roxy."

"On what?" I frown.

"On getting you to talk about him. You need it as much as I do, difference is I can admit it."

"Kyle..."

"Iz comes back in a few days. She wanted me to tell you." He gets into his car with the mention of his sister, salutes me, and reverses. I stare after him as he drives down the street. My cell feels heavy in my pocket, and I pull it out. My thumb swipes across the screen to Layla's number and hovers over the call button.

A fat tear rolls down my cheek, and I tap it. That conversation pushed me over the edge and tore open my already gaping wound. My body stings with the reality of it - I'm not the same person I was before and neither is Kyle. We've both grown up and been changed by the loss of the person that held us anywhere near each other.

I redial Layla's number and accept the truth.

The day I lost Cam, I lost Kyle too.

Chapter Four - Kyle

"What are you doing here?" Roxy asks as I walk through the door of the cafe.

"Your customer service could use some work," I reply, sitting on a stool at the counter.

"I'm sorry." She smiles sweetly. "Can I get you anything?"

"Coffee."

"In a mug or over your head?"

"Over yours, if possible."

She purses her lips and turns to the machine. Her ponytail swishes over shoulder, exposing the curve of her neck. I narrow my eyes at her.

"You should probably take your hair down." My jaw snaps shut.

"What? Is having it up too promiscuous?" she snaps.

"No, but the small hickey you clearly haven't noticed on the back of your neck is."

A quiet slap rings out as she puts her hand over her neck. "Are you kidding?" She turns back to me slowly.

If my eyes are as hard as my clenched jaw, she shouldn't even have to ask. "Do I f**king look like I am? Cover that shit up, Rox."

"I can't have my hair down."

"Bullshit. Selena wears hers down all the time when she's working." I nod to her hair. "Take it down."

"Fuck you," she replies.

I jump from the stool and move round the corner of the counter. I pull the hairband out in one swift movement, and her hair drops and falls around her shoulders.

"Kyle!" She spins and stares at me, her eyes wide. "Give me that!" She makes a swipe for the band.

"No."

"Yes!"

I grin and shove it down the front of my pants. "Want it now?"

She stops. "You're not a child. Don't be so stupid."

My elbows rest on the counter and I lean toward her. "And you're not a whore. So don't be stupid."

"Again, nothing to do with you."

"It is if someone's trying to eat your neck every time you drop your pants."

"Ouch. Say it like it is why don't you?"

"Someone has to."

"What is it?" She leans on the counter too, her face level with mine, and her lips curve up. "Is no one asking you to drop your pants?"

I tilt my head to one side slightly, moving closer to her. "Rox, if someone had me dropping my pants, you'd hear about it across town."

"Likely because they'd be screaming at you to leave them alone."

"Wrong. You'd hear it because they'd be screaming for more, and don't you doubt it."

She swallows and straightens. "Someone just needs to give you a good punch, y'know that?"

"Someone needs to give you several." I laugh.

"You're so funny," she bites out. "Don't you have anything better to be doing?"

I sit back on the stool. "Not really. I'm still waiting for my coffee, by the way."

She clicks her tongue, sighs, and turns to the machine again. Her dark hair falls down her back, a kink halfway down where she had it tied up. My eyes go down, further again, and I look over her body.

Even in her work clothes you can see every one of her curves, from her waist to her hips and her ass to her thighs. And I should not be looking at her this way, but god f**king damn.

I can't help the stir in me at the sight of her. I'd have to be blind not to be attracted to her, and every time she opens that mouth of hers and tears into me it gets harder not to shut her up with my own.

"Here." She puts a mug in front of me.

"Thank you." I take the mug and smile at her. She freezes for a second, her blue eyes on mine.

"How do you do that?"

"Do that?"

"That." She waves her arms. "Be a prize dickhead then charming as hell the next?"

"It's a skill. I was born with it, Rox."

"Yeah? How's that skill working out for you?"

"Wanna find out?" I raise my eyebrows as the door opens and Mia, a girl we went to school with, walks in.

"With her? Really?" Roxy hisses.

"Get ready for a lesson in seduction." I wink and turn to Mia. "Well, hey, Mia. How are you?"

She stops next to me and tosses her brown hair over her shoulder. "I'm good, Kyle. How are you?"

"Better for seeing you." I run my eyes over her body appreciatively. She's not a patch on Roxy, but she's attractive enough. "Looks like Florida has been treating you well. It is Florida, right?"

"Yeah." She leans against the counter, smiling. "Hey, Roxy, can I get two coffees to go?"

"Sure," Roxy answers tightly.

I smile slowly and sexily at Mia. She blinks once and takes a deep breath. I lean toward her.

"Hey, what are you doing tomorrow night?" I ask her. "How about..." I glance at her chest. "Catching up?"

She runs her tongue along the inside of her bottom lip. "Nothing I can't cancel. Catching up sounds great."

"Why don't you meet me here about seven?"

"Perfect." She takes the two cups from the counter and throws down a five. "I'll see you tomorrow, Kyle."

"You sure will." I give her that grin again, and she smiles like a little girl as she turns and bounds out of the cafe. She turns before she disappears around the corner and gives me a small wave.

I look at Roxy. She's glaring at the door, her blue eyes hard and unforgiving.

"And that, Roxy, is how my charm is working for me."

"You don't even like her," she throws at me. "You only did that to make a point."

"And?" I raise an eyebrow, stand, and drop my own five dollar bill on top of Mia's. "Like you said, no one else round here is trying to get into my pants. See ya."

She stares after me as I walk out of the cafe. Her eyes burn into me until I disappear from her view, and even then I can feel her gaze on me.

So she's right. I only asked Mia out to make a point to her - whatever point that was. Except it kinda backfired.

Now I'm stuck with a date I'm not interested in. And a hairband down my pants.

Fucking hell.

~

"Help me," I say into my phone.

"What have you done this time?" My sister sighs.

"I'd love to say nothing, but I can't." I pause. "How do I get out of a date?"

Iz laughs. "Aren't most guys trying to get dates, not get out of them?"

"Whatever. I'm not most guys. Just tell me."

"I don't know, Ky, sorry. I've never got out of a date before. Funnily enough I only agree to ones I want." Amusement laces every one of her words. "In fact, why are you even trying to get out of a date?"

"Yeah, that doesn't matter," I say quickly. "What's the kindest way to let a girl down?"

She says nothing.

"Hello? Iz?"

"I'm not sure whether to bug you to tell me why or tell you there's no kind way to let a girl down." She grunts. "And I'm trying to pack. Closing this stupid... fucking... suitcase... is... impossible!" Her last words sound like she's saying them through clenched teeth, and I imagine her sitting on a suitcase, holding her phone to her ear with one hand and the other fighting a zip.

I chuckle. "Maybe you stop buying so many clothes."

"Maybe you should shut... Ah, shit. The zip broke."

"How do you even afford so many clothes?"

"It's called a job. You should try it sometime." She injects ten tons of sarcasm into her words, then mutters, "Stupid suitcase."

"God, you're funny," I say dryly. "So you can't help me then?"

"Nope. Sorry."

"Good to know I've just wasted the last ten minutes of my life." I hear another grunt down the phone. "I'll leave you to packing up your mall-sized wardrobe."

"Wait! You're still picking me up from the airport, right?"

"Yes, Iz. I gotta go. Don't break anymore suitcases."

"Asshat!" she calls as I hang up.

I sigh and lie back on my bed. What use it is having a sister - who is single and actively dating other guys - if she can't help you with the best way to let a girl down?

The only choice I have is to make other plans. Then I can call Mia and tell her I have to do something really important. Believable? Yes. Kind? Well, sort of. As kind as I think I'm going to get. I could lie about other plans - but that would make me a dick.

Just like planning a date to piss Roxy off does...

Right. Well, I have to think of some shitty excuse soon, since it's almost four, and if I don't call her soon I'll have to go out with her.

The doorbell rings as I ponder that last thought. Fuck. Maybe I can help Dad with something and hope she isn't the kind of girl who asks so many questions she might as well have the size of my dick too.

Who am I kidding? She's a girl.

I make my way downstairs and open the door to-

"Roxy."

"Can we talk?" She looks up at me and continues before I can answer. "Fabulous."

I raise my eyebrows as she sneaks past me into the front room. "Of course we can, Roxy. Come on in and have a seat."

Her eyes shoot daggers at me. "Why are you so determined to treat me like a child?"

"We're here again? Really?" I shut the door and walk toward her. "One, I'm not treating you like a child, and two, I'm making sure you don't get in any serious trouble."

"Right," she draws the word right out. "Like Cam would?"

"Yep." Mostly...

"Except with a lot less brother and a lot more petty."

Chapter Five - Roxy

Kyle stops a foot away from me. "You what?"

"You heard what I said." I put my hands on my hips and stare at him. "Getting a date with Mia to prove an unnecessary point to me? Nice one."

"Who said it was to prove a point to you?"

"Well it definitely isn't because you like her. You never spoke to her in school."

"How do you know that?"

I raise an eyebrow. "She was in half your classes, and I walked past her with Lucy one time complaining about how you're "so hot" but you'd barely said a word to her since you were in fifth grade. Then, another time, she was practically peeing her panties because you'd said "thank you" when she lent you a pen."

He grins and shoves his hands in his pockets. "Really?"

"Ugh! You are so "that" guy!" I throw myself onto the sofa.

"That happened though, yeah?"

I grab a cushion and chuck it in his direction. "You're only going out with her because you wanted to show your charm off, and I get it. Point made."

Kyle sits on the sofa next to me and pushes the cushion into my face. I smack at his arm and hug the cushion.

"Say it," he says through a grin.

"What?"

"Say, "Kyle has epic powers of seduction and could charm the panties off a nun.""

My lips twitch. "Are you for real?"

"Say it." He mock frowns. "And I'll cancel the date with Mia."

Damn him. "I don't give a shit if you go on a date with Bimbo Barbie."

"Ooh, touchy. I don't believe you, by the way."

I don't believe me either.

"Whatever."

He slides across the sofa and runs a finger along my arm. A shudder goes through me at the tickling sensation and I shake him off.

"Go away," I mutter. "I'm not saying it."

A grin spread across his face, that one that gives me jelly-knees, and before I can do anything he grabs my sides. I shriek as his fingers move against me, tickling me. I fall backward, half-laughing and beg him to stop.

"Kyle, Kyle... Kyle!" I yell through my giggles as I slide right down the sofa.

"Say it," he demands through his own laughter.

A little yapping bark rings out through the room and I get a face-full of terrier.

"Scamp!" I cry, turning my face into the pillow. "Get off, you stupid dog!"

"Hey, don't talk about my dude that way." Kyle tickles me again, and Scamp yaps a few more times. He jumps off me when I scream and kick my legs at Kyle.

"Stop," I beg, my stomach hurting. It's tense from laughing and being tickles, and I need to catch my breath.

"Say it," Kyle repeats again.

"You sound like a broken record," I mumble and turn my face toward him. And realize he's lying on top of me, his hands at my sides, and his face just inches from mine. The tension in my stomach spreads through my body and changes into something more than just laughter tension. It becomes thicker and stronger, zinging between and wrapping around us both.

I can feel all of his weight on me. I can feel each muscle and the rise and fall of his chest against my side. His breath is warm across my neck, and my skin prickles every time he takes a breath.

"Say it," he whispers again. "Say I'm a seduction god and I'll get off you."

The temptation not to say anything is almost too much, but my brain is smarter than my body, and my mouth forms the words.

"I, Roxy Hughes, accept and understand that Kyle Daniels is a god of epic seduction, capable of charming the iron-clad panties off a whole nunnery." They roll off my tongue, and he grins again, his eyes creasing at the corners. They sparkle, full of mischief and happiness, and they taunt me. They taunt me and make me want more. So much more.

For the record, my own panties might be kind of charmed right now.

He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his cell. His fingers move across the keys quickly before he puts it back into his pocket. "Done. "Date" cancelled."

"You cancelled it by text? You jerk." My lips twitch and I'm all too aware of the fact he hasn't got off me yet.

"Easier to ignore when she asks me everything but the size of my dick." He winks.

"Typical guy." I roll my eyes and push at his chest. "Get off me, idiot."

"I see you're back to the bitch-talk." He sits up slowly, his eyes focused on mine.

"Yep. It's the only way to deal with guys who text girls to cancel on them." I struggle to keep my smile to myself as I stand, pausing to scratch Scamp behind the ears.

"Where are you going?"

"Uh, home?" I raise an eyebrow. "Mission accomplished here."

As in, I got you to cancel your date with Bimbo Barbie and not look like a jealous ass**le in the process.

"Uh, no you're not." Kyle reaches up, grabs my hand, and tugs me back onto the sofa. I fall back, my legs landing on his lap. He puts his hands on them, holding me in place.

"Why not?" My lips twist.

"You made me cancel my date. Now you have to entertain me for the rest of the day."

I could take that thought so many ways.

I have to remember this is Kyle. This isn't some guy at a party. This won't ever go past flirting... Hell, it probably isn't even flirting - just joking about - regardless of what my tingly spine and jelly knees say.

"Entertain you how?"

Scamp jumps onto my lap and curls into a ball. I smile and scratch the back of his head fondly.

"Stupid dog thinks he's still a puppy," Kyle mutters.

"I thought you said not to call him stupid."

"He's my dog. I can call him what I want."

I dig my heels into his thigh and he grabs my foot. I grin. "Don't be mean to Scampy." The dog in question looks up at me and I bend my face to him. "Meanie, isn't he. Yes he is," I coo, rubbing his ears. Scamp pants.

"He has such a crush on you it's disturbing," Kyle pats his back.

"He has good taste," I mutter. Unlike someone.

"Mmph," he grumbles in return.

"Do you remember when you got Scamp?" I ask quietly.

A small laugh leave Kyle. "How could I forget? He was like six months or something, wasn't he?"

"And had an intense attraction to me."

"Not you. Your leg." He pats my shin.

"Cam, I want a puppy too!" I had looked up from Scamp with wide eyes.

"Rox, we can't get a puppy. The cat would kill it."

"The cats gonna die soon. I don't care." I put the puppy down. "I want a dog."

"Why are you asking me? I don't decide."

"So you can convince your mom, obviously." Kyle rolled his eyes.

"Exactly." I pouted. "Please, Cam!"

My brother sighed and tilted his head back to the sky. "Fourteen years old and still getting her way like she did when she was five. God sake, Roxy. I'll ask Mom when we get home, alright?"

"Yay!" I clapped my hands and froze when I felt something on my leg. Scamp was against my leg, his front paws wrapped around it, humping for all he was worth. "Oh my god! What's he doing?!" I shrieked, shaking my leg to get him off.

"Don't..." Kyle shouted through laughter. "Move," he tried again.

I looked at Cam. He was leaning against the wall and his hand held his stomach as he roared with laughter.

"Get him off! Cam! Get him off!"

Neither of them could move for laughing, and Scamp only got off when I shoved him off myself.

"Cam?" I said when they'd calmed down.

"Yeah, Roxy?"

"I don't want a dog anymore."

That was the moment. Even though I hated them both, that was the moment my fourteen year old heart developed a crush on the guy sitting next to me. Maybe it was the smile. Maybe it was look in his eyes when he glanced at me. Maybe it was the laughter.

Or maybe it was a combination of all those things that set hyperactive butterflies off in my stomach.

"You know, you should have got him off me."

Kyle sighs happily. "I know, Rox. But it was so f**king funny. The look on your face..." He smirks. "You looked absolutely horrified."

"Of course I did. My first experience to do with anything sexual belonged to my leg and your dog."

"Hear that, boy?" he tugs on the dog's ear. "You were right in there. Maybe you should have asked first though."

"Right. Because I would have agreed to that." I roll my eyes. "I hope he knows I haven't forgiven him yet."

Scamp lifts his head, sniffs at me, and jumps down. I raise my eyebrows when he stalks into the kitchen.

"Touchy," I mutter.

"Spends too much time with Iz when she's home," Kyle offers.

We smile at each other, and I drop my eyes to my lap.

"I should go now."

"Why? Have a hot date?" he raises his eyebrows.

"Oh yeah," I reply dryly. "Because dating is what I do."

"Ooh, touchy touchy."

"Fuck you." Amusement sneaks into my words, and I shove his arm. "No, I'm sure you have better things to do than spend your night with me."

"You seem to have forgotten you cancelled my date-"

"Fake date."

"Whatever. I don't have anything to do. So get your ass into my kitchen, make me some popcorn, and watch a movie with me."

Like we used to do when Cam was alive. It was their thing from about age seven - Friday nights at my house were movie nights. Of course, the movies evolved from Pokemon to Rocky and Die Hard, but it stayed routine.

Until I crashed it. I only did it to annoy them, but it was fun. So I started crashing every weekend until it became the norm. And I always, always made the popcorn.

I swallow as Kyle pulls me up and pushes me toward the kitchen. I pause by the doorframe and look at him over my shoulder.

"I don't..." I take a deep breath. He needs this more than I don't, and if it'll make him happy, I'll swallow back the lump in my throat and do it. I'm not the person I was, but I still feel the same way she did. I'd still do anything to put a smile on his face. "Okay. What are we watching?"

A slow grin breaks out on his face. "Oceans Eleven. Obviously."

George Clooney and Brad Pitt.

The two people I can't say no to.

Damn him.

Chapter Six - Kyle

I throw the football at the wall, catching it each time it bounces back. With each thud I think a different word, any word, in an attempt to get a certain raven-haired beauty off my mind.

It doesn't work. Every word is about her; stubborn, ignorant, lost, guilty, Roxy, Roxy, Roxy.

We've argued every time I've seen her since I got back. She riles me in every way with the way she talks and acts, and I'm not even sure it's because of my promise to Cam. The thought it's because I want to protect her for me and I'm a little jealous of the guys she gives so much of her attention to keeps growing. It's as if I can't help but fight with her already, and I've never felt so unsettled about anything before.

She's Cam's f**king sister. I should be looking at her and thinking about how to take her mind off it, not pissing her off and wondering how her lips would feel against mine. I shouldn't be wondering if they're as soft as they look or if they'll taste as sweet as I know she really is deep down.

Like I was yesterday.

I don't get why she turned up at my front door demanding I cancel with Mia. There's only a few times I've seen her that pissed off - granted most have been since I got back - but that was different. There was a fire in her that set everything inside me alight.

Being so close to her - without her being mad at me - only fueled the insanity inside. My hands on her body. Her laughter in my ear. Our lips close to the others. If she was any other girl, if she deserved anything less than my complete and utter respect, I would have closed every inch of f**king torturous space between our bodies.

"You're going?" Ben's voice drifts across my yard.

"Of course I am. Selena knows that," Si replies.

"Going where?" I grab the ball and look at them.

"Portland." Ben holds his hands up.

"Why the hell are you going to Portland?" I throw the ball at Ben. Like I need to ask.

"Because there's some stupid damn party there tonight, and Roxy and Selena are going. Why the f**k else?" He grits his teeth and grabs the ball from Ben. He throws it hard at the ground.

My muscles tighten. "Have fun with that, man."

"I will. You're coming with me."

"Am I f**k!"

"I can't keep Roxy's crazy ass under control, Kyle, you know that," Si grumbles. "Only you can do that."

"I'm not going to Portland. Shit, every time I go near her we end up fighting. I'm not gonna give her another reason to kick my ass tonight. Besides..." I lean against the wall. "...She's determined she isn't doing anything wrong so she isn't gonna listen anyway."

Ben laughs. "You just don't want to see her go off with some other guy."

"Course I f**king don't. I don't feel like knocking a guy out because he crossed the line with her." Because he'd be crossing a line I can't. "Are they staying there?"

"Not a damn chance. I'm driving them there and I'm driving them the hell back." Si smirks. "They're on a curfew."

Both Ben and I burst out laughing.

"Are you serious?" Ben sputters.

"What do you take me for? Of course I'm f**king serious!" Si chucks the ball at his chest, and he grabs it. "I'm not hanging around in the city for too long - I don't fancy getting my butt busted by the cops for being at a party underage. They wanna be there for nine, but they don't know they'll be leaving at eleven."

"Let me get this straight," I say through my half-smile. "You're driving an hour each way for a two hour party?"

"Yep." He catches the ball back from Ben. "Roxy doesn't need any more bad influences or dickhead boys from the city giving her ideas. If I have to pull your boyfriend trick tonight then I will."

I grunt. "Just keep those ass**le city boys away from her."

"Just go and do it yourself," Ben puts in. "Save Si the job."

"If I'm there tonight I won't be able to get up at six a.m. tomorrow to drag her ass out."

Now it's Si's turn to laugh. "You're gonna get Roxy up at six in the morning? You're having a laugh, man."

"Glad you find it funny, jackass, but I will. Trust me."

~

"I have no idea why you're standing on my doorstep at six-thirty in the f**king morning."

I lean against the doorframe, a smirk quirking my lips to one side. "Well aren't you just the little ray of sunshine on a cloudy day?"

Roxy looks at me flatly. "I'd prefer to be the bolt of lightning that strikes your ass for waking me up so early."

"Oh you're going to be so much fun today." I laugh.

"Who said I'm doing anything with you today?" She sniffs. "One, the time. Hello, it's the middle of the freakin' night! And two, I could be working."

"But you're not."

"You don't know that."

I grin. "I do. I stopped by the cafe yesterday and asked your mom."

"I could be busy."

"But you're not," I say again. "C'mon, Rox. Stop being goddamn awkward and go and get dressed."

"Awkward?" She flings the door open wide and stalks into the house. I follow her in. "You turn up here at a time that's practically illegal and you're calling me awkward?" She huffs loudly, much to my amusement, and stomps upstairs.

"Well, damn. And here I was thinking you were eighteen years old not eighteen months!"

"Get lost, Kyle!"

I stare after her for a moment and try to decide whether I want to shake my head and sigh or laugh. I go with laughing and make my way into the kitchen. Ray's sitting at the large oak table in the center of the room, sipping a cup of coffee. A smile graces his lips, and I shrug when his eyes meet mine and slip in next to him.

"It's too easy," I mutter.

He nods in agreement. "It is when you're brave enough to take her shit."

I half-snort. "I've never taken her shit, despite her best efforts, and I'm not gonna start now just 'cause she's having a tough time. The rest of us are too. I'm not treating her like a princess unless she starts acting like one instead of the entitled brat crap she's been pulling."

"Boy, am I glad you're back." Ray chuckles sadly. "No one's done that since Cam died. I guess we got a bit soft on her."

"Hey." I lean over the table and bat his paper. "No one blames you for the way she's acting, alright? She makes her own choices and controls her actions, not you or Myra. She knows exactly what she's doing."

He smiles, but the sadness in his pale blue eyes only deepens. The pain and guilt coming from him is almost palpable, as is the acceptance. Like he's given up on changing Roxy. Like he's given everything he has to give, meaning there's nothing left. Like he's ready to break under the weight of the past six months.

"Oh I know that, son, but it doesn't stop me wondering if I should have done more. I should have protected her from the very path she's heading down. Cam would have hated this."

Silence hangs between us for a moment with the truth of his words, the only sound the ticking of the clock and Roxy's footsteps shuffling about upstairs. A door slams, taking the weight from the air.

"That's what you've got me for," I say softly. "Selena - although she's tried - has no backbone when it comes to Roxy; she's too soft for Roxy's strong and determined ways, and everyone else is just too happy to go along with what she wants. That's the problem with her senior class, they're all like little sheep waiting for someone to follow and right now that person is Roxy."

"Are you done talking about me like I'm not here?" The girl in question appears in the doorway, her hair pulled back from her face in a ponytail. She tucks her hands inside the sleeves of her oversized sweater and folds her arms across her chest.

"Are you done with the stick up your ass or you wanna keep it there a bit longer?" I shoot back.

She narrows her eyes. "I'll keep it there, thanks. Never know when I might need it as a weapon." She turns on her heel and yanks open the front door.

I wink at Ray, scrambling up to follow her out. She's standing next to my car and leaning forward with her arms on the top. Her head is resting on her arms, looking out at the street, but I'm not really looking at that. I'm looking at the way her jeans hug her body, curving around her bum just right.

"I'm just wondering; are you too busy thinking about what my brother would want if he was still alive that you're overlooking the fact you're staring at my ass?" Roxy straightens and turns, pinning me with her sparkling eyes. "Isn't that a fine damn contradiction?"

I walk toward her, smirking. My hand finds the door handle behind her, and I pull the door open, pushing her toward me. She catches herself before she falls right into me. and a spark flares deep in her eyes. She's close enough to me that I can smell the flowery perfume she wears and see the dot of mascara on her eyelid she didn't wipe off. She's close enough that I can almost feel her against me.

Almost.

I bend my head forward an inch, bringing my face close to hers. Her lips part slightly and her eyes stay on mine.

"Perhaps you should wear looser clothing if you don't want people to stare at your ass," I whisper before backing off.

"I never said I didn't want people to stare at my ass." Her gaze follows me as I walk round the car and open my door. "Maybe I like it when people do."

I raise an eyebrow at her over the top of the car. "Then what the hell are you complaining about?"

I sit down, leaving her mouth opening and closing as she tries to find a comeback. She doesn't. She gets into the car silently, refusing to make eye contact with me, and my lips twitch upward. I wait for the click of her seatbelt before pulling away from the house.

She was right. I do contradict myself at every turn. I'm all for protecting her for Cam's sake when I'm at home or with the guys, but the second I see her, I'm protecting her for me.

I want to believe it's because she's like a sister to me, but I'm not that stupid. Maybe she was before, but she isn't now. It's been too long and she's changed too much for me to think of her that way.

"Everyone looks at her and sees a quiet kid that's always top of the class. They don't see what we do, and the bottom line is no one in this shitty little town is good enough for her. Hell, no one in this damn country is good enough for my sister, you know that. The only person that even comes close to being good enough is you."

"That's 'cause I'm your best friend."

"No it isn't. Well, maybe. Yeah. But even if you weren't, it doesn't take a genius to figure out you're nothing like all these pricks. If she ever has to be with anyone, I hope to shit it's you, man."

Cam's words from last year ring out clearly in my mind. He really did believe it - he held Roxy on a pedestal so high you needed a f**king airplane to reach her. But that's just how it was; he loved and protected her more than anyone else could ever be capable of. I really am the only person he ever did and ever would trust anywhere near her. And there's a big part of me that wants to take advantage of that trust.

"Where are you dragging me?" Roxy finally asks.

"Where do you think?" I glance at her.

She shrugs. "If I knew I wouldn't have asked, would I?"

"You know," I start. "You might as well drop that shit, Rox."

"What shit?"

"The attitude. You aren't fooling me."

"I'm not trying to fool anyone." She shifts in her seat, looking at her hands in her lap.

My fingers tap against the steering wheel in time with the song on the radio. "Right." I draw the word out, letting her know I don't believe her at all.

"I'm not!" she protests.

I turn down the dirt track I know she'll recognize and ignore her. Even her protests aren't fooling me. The fir tree with a section of bark missing comes into view, and I pull up beside it.

"The gorge," Roxy says softly. "I haven't been here in ages."

I undo my belt and shift in my seat so I'm facing her, and she slowly turns her face to mine.

"You aren't fooling me, Roxy. The snarky comments, the bitching..."

"I'm not--"

"You don't need to pretend around me and you damn well know it. I know you too well to believe you don't give a shit about anything other than getting yourself f**ked up every weekend. Speak to everyone else like they're shit on your shoe, pretend to them you don't care and you're okay, but don't f**king well do it to me."

Her eyes meet mine, and in them I see the Roxy I know. The soft-spoken, gentle girl hiding behind the don't-give-a-crap girl. It lasts a moment before they return to their new normal.

"What's the matter?" She half-smiles. "Don't you like the new Roxy?"

Ha! Don't I like the new her. What a bullshit question. There's no way I can tell her there's nothing sexier than a girl who isn't afraid to twist your balls with her words. In fact, I take it back. That's the second sexiest.

There's nothing sexier than a girl who knows she's sexy.

And Roxy Hughes knows it. She knows the effect she has on guys and how easily she can twist them around her finger... And she can hold your balls in a vice-like grip with her words.

Which pretty much means she could give Mila Kunis a run for her money in the sexy stakes.

Chapter Seven - Roxy

He's looking at me like he could eat me and he doesn't even know it.

The flaring heat in his eyes answers my question although he doesn't. It also sends an identical heat down my spine, tingling and tickling me in places it shouldn't be; in places I shouldn't be feeling when he looks at him, despite endless girlie dreams and wishes about him looking at me this way.

Only in those dreams we weren't in a car by the Columbia Gorge and he wasn't chewing my ass out for being such a f**king bitch.

"Regardless of what I think about her..." Kyle clears his throat and turns in the direction of the gorge. "...I don't think you like the new Roxy as much as everyone thinks you do."

I scoff at him disbelievingly and follow his steps. Leaves, twigs, and branches crunch under my feet as we push through the forest that covers almost every inch of land around the powerful water. Pine cones litter the ground, and I kick one out of the way.

What does Kyle really know anyway? He's only been back a few days. He knows nothing.

The sound of water rushing reaches my ears, the current making it crash against the rocks that stand in its way. Out here it's peaceful. There are no rumors, no backhand comments and snide looks. There's no judgment apart from my own.

"Where are you going?" I call when Kyle deviates from the usual path. He glances over his shoulder, his usually soft brown eyes looking almost black under the trees shading from the early morning sun.

"Trust me," is all he says.

I pause as he disappears into the thicker trees I've always avoided. It's darker there, and the climb is steeper, but everyone knows there's nothing but trees in that direction. My eyes flick around me, and I realize I only have two options - I follow Kyle in the dark or I carry on to our usual place in the dark. Mhmm...

Leaves and bits of fir tree kick up as I run after him. I wasn't wrong - the rising sun means there's next to no light amongst these trees, and I stop after a minute because I can't find him. He's disappeared into nowhere. Maybe I shouldn't have stopped-

"Boo," his voice whispers into my ear.

"Holy-" I yell, jumping backward. My heart pounds in my chest as quickly as adrenaline rushes through my veins. Kyle laughs loudly, putting his hand on my back, and I hold my trembling hands to my stomach to still them. The warmth of his hand seeps through my sweater and spreads outward. I shiver, and I'm glad for the guise of him scaring me.

"I really hate you." I turn my face toward his.

His mouth twitches up. "Nah, you don't. You hate my tricks."

I purse my lips. "And you know it." I shake his hand off my back and step forward. "Where are you taking me?"

A hint of sadness creeps into his amused smile and his lips drop a fraction. "Me and Cam were joking around out here one night and stumbled onto this section of the gorge by mistake. In fact, I don't even know if it is a part of it. It's... Well. I'll let you see it for yourself."

"This isn't another one of your tricks, is it?"

He shakes his head as he walks away from me. "No. I'm not taking you to a small cliff to push you into a pool of water, I promise."

There's a teasing lilt to his voice, and it makes me bend over and grab a pine cone. I throw it in the direction of his head but miss, sending it sailing over his shoulder instead.

"Yeah, there was absolutely no reason to do that, you know?"

Kyle shrugs. "We were fourteen. Besides, it was Cam's idea."

"Oh, I see. Blame my fear of water on my brother. Are you forgetting you're the prick that pushed me?"

"It's been five years, and you still blame me. That's why I had to push you. Cam didn't want the blame," he grumbles.

"Mmph," I grunt noncommittally. "I'll make you pay for it one day."

He mutters something under his breath, and I frown at his back. Knowing Kyle it was probably something along the lines of he's already paying for it, but the chicken shit could at least say it loud enough for me to hear.

I stumble on a rock and fall sideways into a bigger one. "Jesus," I mutter, putting my hands against the rough surface to steady myself.

"Of course," Kyle throws over his shoulder. "It doesn't matter whether I push you or not if you can't keep yourself upright."

"Remind me why I'm here again?" I tilt my head to the side.

Kyle turns and grins. The kind of grin that would hurt his cheeks if he held it long enough and lights up his eyes with the mischief I know is hiding in his body. It's also the kind of grin that has the power to turn my legs to jelly... And it has.

I think I'll stay sitting down for now.

"You're here because you know I wouldn't leave until you agreed to it."

"Huh. True."

He walks toward me and holds his hands out. "C'mon, clumsy. You aren't getting anywhere sitting on your ass."

"But I'm tired," I whine, letting him pull me up and drag me after him.

He rolls his eyes. "Then you should go to bed earlier instead of partying in Portland."

"Fucking Si."

Kyle responds by dropping my hands and turning onto something that resembles the start of a dirt path. I glance at my boots then at the loose mud, thinking I'd rather be anywhere other than... wherever the hell we are. I'm pretty sure we've gone way past the gorge.

And it doesn't matter anymore.

"This is the place you found?" My voice sounds tiny as I look around me.

"Yep."

The fir trees have thinned out in this tiny area, thickening again as they reach up toward the cloud-tipped mountains. Large rocks and boulders break up the thick grass and wild plants growing on either side of the stream raging along in front of me, and the water breaks every now and then making a detour around the smaller rocks that have naturally fallen away from the mountains and made their way down to here. Along the side of the stream tiny trees stretch up bare of leaves or really any life, their gnarled branches curving around each other.

"Where are we?"

Kyle steps up next to me, his arm brushing mine, and shrugs. "No idea. We really did just find it on a hike one day. If you walk up the mountain another five minutes you can see the gorge. Takes you close to Cape Horn."

"Huh." I lean against a boulder and lower my eyes to the water rushing past. "It's beautiful here."

"Yep. It's pretty much perfect." He rests next to me. "I wanted to show you something important to him - probably the only thing about him you didn't know about."

I turn my face toward him and sweep my hair to one side. "You didn't have to. This was yours to hold on to."

"And I wanted to give a piece of it to you. I thought you'd maybe need a place to come away from prying eyes sometimes." His eyes meet mine when he tilts his head. "And because I think you need something to hold onto a lot more than I do."

I swallow, needing to look away but not wanting to. He's right and he knows it. Damn him, he's so right.

"Thank you."

"You don't need to thank me," he says softly.

The moment lingers between us, our eyes fixed on each other, my fingers itching to reach out to him.

"Let's walk up." I need to break this between us. I can't keep imagining things that aren't here. "I want to see the gorge."

"I thought you were tired." Kyle follows me as I walk past him.

"I was. I guess I woke up." I shrug and shoot a small smile over my shoulder.

"Of course you have," he mumbles. I give him the bird over my shoulder, much to his amusement.

The walk up the side of the mountain isn't too tough - this is one of the smaller ones and it's not too far up - but it's slippery. It's wet on the ground from all the springs that start high up and snake their way down, twisting and turning. I hop over a small one in my path and almost slip on a bit of mud.

"Okay?" Kyle asks, steadying me with his hands on my waist.

"Um. Yeah." Um. No.

I'm anything but okay when his hands are on me and his voice is in my ear.

"Let me go first. Follow me, alright?"

I nod as he steps around me and starts walking.

"On second thought..." He reaches back and links his fingers through mine with a wink. "Easier to pull you up if you fall."

Too late...

I follow him silently, trying not to focus on the warmth of his hand around mine. Goddammit, brain! Think about the view. It's a nice view.

My eyes flick to Kyle and his bum.

Yep. Definitely a nice view.

I put my hand to my forehead. I need help.

We stop. My gaze falls to the Columbia Gorge - every beautiful, peaceful part of it. The rive snakes through the hills and mountains, and everywhere is lined with wild flowers and pine trees. Birds fly overhead, darting through the trees and over the water, some dipping close enough to almost touch the water. At least that's how it looks from up here.

A sigh leaves me. I'd almost forgotten this existed. This perfect place has been a part of our lives for so long, and when one thing was torn away, this nearly was too.

"We spent our childhoods up here," Kyle says with a sad tone. "All of us - running through the trees..."

"Playing hide and seek. And tag. You guys always pretended it was kiss chase."

Kyle shrugs a little. "You, Iz and Selena never moved so fast. It was a great excuse for being home late for dinner - you guys had run off and we needed to find you first."

"I'd say that was good of you, but we got in so much trouble after the fifth time. It took Mom like a year to believe me when I tried telling her the truth. You always got us in shit."

He smiles. "We're big brothers. It's our job."

"Yeah." My own smile drops from my face. "Except there's a vacancy for mine now."

Kyle turns to me, whispering my name, and I shake my head.

"It's okay," I lie to myself as much as him.

It's not okay and he knows it. He's the only person I'll ever show it to... Even when I don't want to.

"No, it's not okay," he says quietly.

"Thank you for bringing me up here."

"Nice change."

I lean into his arm, our hands still clasped, and my lips give a sad twitch. "I mean it."

"Never said you didn't." He turns his head so his chin rests on top of mine. "And you're welcome."

~

Kyle eyes me over the table and it's disconcerting. Everything in me is urging me to squirm and shift in my seat but I fight them and remain perfectly still, eying him with the same intensity. He smirks, and I raise an eyebrow.

"What?" He leans back in his chair.

"Says the one who's been staring at me for the last five minutes without saying a word."

"I was... thinking."

"I hope you didn't hurt yourself too much."

"Oh, ha ha ha," he mutters dryly. "Think that up all by yourself, did you?"

"As a matter of fact, I did." I grin.

His lips twitch as he fights his own. "Did you ever decide where you're going to college? You were stuck between UCLA with Selena, and Miami with Iz last I heard."

Yep. I'm not having this conversation.

"Um. Yeah. I picked." I pick at my thumbnail. "Why don't you tell me about Berkeley?"

Brown eyes scrutinize me. "College is college. Wake up, go to class, come home, go to bed, repeat. Which did you pick?"

"Uh."

"Roxy."

"Shit," I mumble. "Neither, okay? None of them."

"None?"

"None. I'm not going to college." There.

Kyle rests his elbows on the table and leans toward me. "Why not?"

I shrug. "I just... Didn't want to go this year."

"So, what... You're gonna stay in Verity Point for however long and work here in your mom's cafe?"

"So what if I am? Is that a crime?" I bristle, sitting up straighter. "Not everyone wants to go to college, you know."

Except I do. I do want to go.

"Hey!" Kyle holds his hands up. "I was only asking. Calm down, Rox."

I take a deep breath but narrow my eyes at him. "Yes. I'm going to stay in Verity Point and work here in Mom's cafe."

"And next year?"

I hesitate, then shrug again. "I'll decide when the time comes, I guess."

He nods slowly, his eyes flitting around the half-full cafe. "Are you staying here because of Cam?"

"What are you, Dr. Phil?" I snort. "It doesn't matter why I'm staying. I just am."

"Wow. Your attitude really does stink sometimes," Kyle comments as Selena brings over our dinner. She laughs quietly, turning back to the counter.

"What?" I call after her.

She half-smiles. "He has a point."

I look back to Kyle and the smug smile on his face. "I'm not getting into this again. One unnecessary attitude chat is enough for today."

Chapter Eight - Kyle

Long, slender fingers curve around my bedroom door and push it open slowly. I fight the twitch on my lips and close my eyes, pretending to be asleep, and count the soft steps on my carpet. One, two, three, four...

"Rah!" I yell, sitting up. My sister screams, jumping backward into my closet, and I laugh loudly.

"You ass**le!" Iz cries, her hand against her chest.

"You should know better than to creep into my bedroom when you think I'm asleep."

"What the hell was that scream?" Mom asks, rushing into my room. "Oh, Isabel! You're home!"

"Five minutes and you're already trying to kill each other," Dad mutters, following behind Mom.

"I tried sneaking into his room," Iz sighs.

Dad snorts. "You should know better than to sneak into his room, sweetheart."

"That's what I said." I sit up in bed. "She's nearly twenty. You'd think she would have learnt she can't surprise me by now."

"Alright, brat." Iz grabs a notebook from my desk and throws it at me. "You win, as usual."

"Was your flight early?" Mom rushes over to her and hugs her.

"Yep. Why else do you think I'm in Kyle's room and not on the phone demanding he picks me up from the airport?" She grins.

"Alright, what is this? Family meeting in my room?" I look around.

Iz grins again and moves toward my bed. "Yep. How about a family hug?"

"Yeah... You don't wanna do that," I warn, holding my blanket around my waist tightly. I'm pretty certain she doesn't want to see what is usually under my boxers.

"Right," she demands. "Get up and get dressed. You can take me for breakfast."

"I really haven't missed your bossy ass," I mutter as she follows our parents out of the room, but she hears and grins at me over her shoulder. "Shut the door!" I yell after her.

She laughs as she skips down the hallway, turning and flashing me that grin again at the top of the stairs. Damn, you'd think Iz was five, not nearly twenty. My feet tangle in my covers as I get up, still holding the sheet round my waist, and push my door shut. Fucking sisters.

I pull on some clothes and head downstairs. The hallway is crowded with Iz's bags, and I'm pretty sure she's got at least one extra one in the last six months. My eyebrow raises as I look at her questioningly, pointing a finger toward the suitcases.

"Shut up," she grumbles, grabbing her jacket from the back of the sofa and opening the front door.

I smirk and slide my feet into my sneakers. I catch up with her halfway down the front path, and she's flicking her hair over her shoulders so I poke her.

"You're not in Miami anymore, Iz. No fancy surfers here to impress."

"Oh, ha ha. You're such a dick. It was stuck in my jacket." She shoves me back. "I guess we're headed to Myra's?"

"Even though it's not called Myra's, yeah." I stuff my hands in my pockets and shrug. "I can't afford anything else. I'm a student."

"So am I!"

"You have a job."

"And you should get one."

"Oh yeah. I forgot about all the spare time I have at college."

Iz frowns at me. "You don't do anything besides college. I have college and I'm on the cheer team and I can still find time to work and party. Maybe being in a fraternity is frazzling your brain."

"My brain is not--"

"Let me guess. You spend all your time drinking beer and eying up girls."

"Hey..." I pause. "Maybe sometimes."

Definitely since I've been home. Except girls is just girl.

"There we go then."

The cafe is filled with the older generation of Verity Point grabbing their morning coffees, and Myra runs back and forth behind the counter, putting both normal and take out mugs in front of the customers. My sister and I make our way to a table in the corner until the queue has thinned, and she goes to order.

"No Roxy?" Iz looks around when she sits down.

I shrug one shoulder. "Can you see her?"

She hits me with the menu. "Alright, smartass. I just wanted to see her. Believe it or not, I've missed her cute little butt."

Resisting the urge to laugh is harder than I thought. "There's pretty much nothing cute left about Roxy."

"I don't believe it. I mean, I've been told the same things you were before we got back, about how she was coping, but I just... I don't know, Ky. I can't see it."

"Yeah, well. I have seen it." I tell her about the night at Selena's and the way Roxy was with Tom.

"Well, shit," Iz mutters and looks up, smiling at Myra with our breakfast in her hands. "Thanks, Myra. How are you?"

"Same as every day, Iz. It's good to have you both back in town." Myra puts the plates in front of us and squeezes her shoulder, turning back to the counter.

Iz watches her go. "I feel kinda shit that we've let them all deal with this alone. She looks so sad."

"At least they had each other," I mutter under my breath.

"Kyle," she half-hisses. "I guess you're right, but we made the decision to go away to school."

"You had Si."

"Oh wow. Excuse me while I recount all the times I cried on his shoulder." She holds up a finger and pretends to think. "Oh that's right. A big fat freaking none."

"Whatever." I shove some pancake in my mouth. "We're back now. Maybe you can try to talk some sense into Roxy. We just end up arguing every time I try - it's like trying to explain algebra to a one year old. Which, incidentally, would probably be f**king easier."

Iz snorts. "If she's really as bad as you say she is, then what she needs is a guy to tame her."

I snort in return.

"No, I'm being serious. Ana - she's on the cheer team - was like Roxy for our freshman and half of our sophomore year. Swear to God, Ky, she put the "ut" in slut. She got close to one of the junior guys on the football team and now she's a changed girl. They've been together four months and they're sickeningly cute."

"I dunno. Maybe it's just a phase."

She leans in. "You're not her parent making excuses for her," she whispers, pointing her fork at me threateningly. "You and I both know if it was just a short-term solution she would have given it up by now. She isn't stupid. She just needs to let herself grieve for Cam, because it doesn't sound like she has."

"Ask her and she'll tell you her partying, for a nice word, is her way of grieving."

Iz shakes her head. "No, it's her way of coping with his death. She's coping, but she's not accepting or grieving. She needs to accept he's never coming back before she can grieve for him."

I blink at my sister for a moment. "Well. At least we know your college degree isn't being wasted, Ms. Psychologist."

"Go and f**k yourself, Kyle."

I just grin. I'm actually glad she's back - as annoying as she is, I love her, and I think we're gonna need her brains for sorting out Roxy. Even if her major doesn't help, she has a girl's brain and that accounts for something.

I'm male. Females are an enigma who mean what they say but say the opposite of what they mean.

Wait.

See what I mean?

"You're late!" Myra hisses across the near-empty cafe.

"I'm sorry!" Roxy hisses back. "I fell back to sleep."

"Well that's fabulous, Roxanne."

"Hey! Dad knew I had to be here. He didn't wake me up."

"Don't blame your father because you couldn't get your lazy behind out of bed, my girl."

"Whatever. I'm here now."

Iz raises an eyebrow at me, and I nod. Say hello to the new Roxy.

"Don't bother, Roxanne. I've already dealt with the rush by myself, and I can't say I'm particularly in the mood for you this morning now." Myra turns and storms into the kitchen.

Iz turns, resting her arm on the back of the chair, and looks at Roxy. "Well, aren't you a joy to be around?"

"Iz?" Roxy's head snaps up and the grin that breaks out on her face makes my lips twitch. "You're back!"

"Of course I am. I mean, who wouldn't leave Florida in the summer for this poky little town in the middle of nowhere?" My sister rolls her eyes and wraps her arms around Roxy.

"You love it here really." Roxy sweeps her hair to one side. "Did you just get back this morning?"

"Yep. And that reminds me..." Iz turns to me, a hand on her hip. "Why didn't you answer your cell last night?"

"I saw your post on Facebook. You know, the one where you told everyone you'd caught an earlier flight and couldn't, and I quote, "wait to call your brat of a brother to come and pick you up at three a.m.," and put my phone on silent." I tilt my coffee cup toward her, smiling smugly.

"Bastard. I really should watch what I write on there." She shakes her head and looks at Roxy. "What are you doing today?"

She shrugs. "Selena said something about the guys playing football later." Her blue eyes flick to me, and I nod.

"'Bout lunchtime."

"Well we'll go and we can catch up while they're all busy," Iz declares, sitting Roxy down on the chair between us. "Now help me eat this double portion of pancakes your mom always seems to give me."

Roxy grabs a fork. "She thinks you need fattening up."

I laugh.

"I'm a cheerleader. I'm supposed to be slim." She replies and eyes the plate warily. "But these are really good, so who knows, I could be the first fat cheerleader in our team." Her phone buzzes as she stabs at the pancakes.

Roxy laughs, and it's one of the most genuine laughs I've heard her do since I got back. I smile, looking down at my plate, and when I glance back up she's watching me. Her lips twitch, and she drops her eyes.

I wish she didn't drop them.

There was a spark in them I've really missed seeing.

~

This feels wrong.

Its one thing to throw a ball around in my yard with Si and Ben, but this is something completely different. This is a whole game. Without Cam.

A team without a quarterback.

And none of us want to take that position. So we don't. We skirt around it in both mini-teams, and the whole thing is a complete shambles because everyone knows you can't play football without f**king quarterbacks. But we can't play it without the main joker and prankster either. I could do it - I could play the jokes we used to but it isn't right. I can't do that without him; I don't want to do it without him. We were always a team. CamandKyle. KyleandCam. It's just how it was with everything.

I really do feel like I'm missing a part of me.

I put my hands on my knees, bending at the waist, and shake my head. "It's no good, guys. We can't play without a quarterback. We all know that."

"It ain't right to play him." Mark shrugs. "All through school we played together, for f**k sake. I can't step into that position any easier than you guys can."

"He's right," Ben agrees slowly. "We're just gonna have to get over it. We can't play seriously anymore."

I sigh and drop to the ground, the other guys doing the same. Si throws the ball over our heads, and it lands in the grass.

"So what do we do now?" he asks. "No football. No really fun way to pass this stupidly long summer."

"We just f**k around." I shrug. "Get the girls out here or something."

Si snorts. "Right - Iz is usually cheering the game, not playing it, and Roxy and Selena wouldn't want to mess their hair up or break a nail or some shit."

"Do it for them. Then they have nothing to worry about."

"Hey, where's Roxy?" Ben looks over at the girls, and my eyes follow his. Selena is staring into the distance and Iz is lying on her stomach, her face in her arms.

"No idea," I answer, getting up and heading in their direction. I nudge Iz with my foot. "Where's-"

"She ran off five minutes ago with her phone attached to her ear," comes her muffled reply. "She said she had to go somewhere, but really she can't stand watching you guys play football."

"Ran off," Selena scoffs and turns her face to me. "She's gone to meet Layla."

"Layla?" Iz and I question in unison.

"She's only been here a few months. She caused too much trouble at her last school so her parents packed her off to live with her Aunt for her senior year next year - that's Judy, you know, at the florist?" We nod, and she continues, "Layla is how Roxy fuels her occasional drug use, and she has a cousin in Portland who gets her alcohol whenever she wants it."

"Shit, Selena. Why didn't you tell me?" Iz pushes herself up.

"Fuck telling you." I look from my sister to Selena. "Why the hell didn't you get me?"

"Because no one can stop her," she says dryly, a hint of sadness creeping in. "I've tried so many times. When she really misses Cam, like really, she goes to Layla. Its how she forgets he's gone. She drinks herself into next week."

"What do you mean no one can stop her?" Iz demands.

"Exactly what I said. No one can stop her when she's got her mind set on it. Believe me, I've tried."

My jaw clenches. "Where will she be?"

"At Judy's house, but you can't-"

"Just you f**king watch me." I spin on my heel and run around Si's house.

Like hell will I let her put that crap into her body. I'm not naive to believe she'll find a way to do it without me finding out but this time she's not. This time she needs to deal with how she feels and not run from it. This time I'm going to make her deal with it even if I have to sit on her until she talks.

Verity Point is so damn small it only takes me two minutes to catch up to Roxy outside Judy's house on the edge of the woods.

"Kyle?" she looks up at me, surprise all over her face.

"Have you been in there?" I nod toward the house.

"I have no idea what you're on about." She shifts uncomfortably.

"Don't bullshit me, Roxanne."

Her eyes narrow at my use of her full name. "Don't-"

"Have you been in the goddamn house?!"

She says nothing, instead turning and stalking into the woods. I rub my hand across my eyes and follow her.

"Roxy."

"Fuck off, Kyle."

"Is that a yes?"

"It's a mind your own f**king business!"

I grab her arm and swing her round so she faces me. "You are my damn business. You always have been. You're more my business than you realize."

Blue eyes widen ever so slightly, and questions shine in them as she looks up at me. I hold her gaze without faltering, wanting her to understand something I don't even understand myself, and tighten my grip on her arm.

"Did you go in?" I ask her again, my voice softer this time.

Roxy breathes in deeply, holding it for a second, and slips her hand into her jacket pocket. I release her arm as she pulls out a small vodka bottle, and I hold out my hand. She pauses, closing her eyes as she puts it in my palm. I curl my fingers around her hand, letting them brush across hers as I take it from her. My fingers unscrew the cap and tip the bottle upside down.

The vodka splashes onto the ground, and when she opens her eyes, I rub it into the mud with my foot. I hand her the empty bottle when her eyes meet mine.

"You enjoyed that didn't you?" she asks, snatching it with venom in her tone.

"Not entirely. Did I enjoy emptying that crap onto the floor? Yep. Did I enjoy taking it from you? No. I f**king hated it," I tell her honestly.

"Right. And I'm supposed to believe that."

"I hated taking it from you because I know it makes it easier for you. It's just the wrong thing you're using - I think of you using that and I wonder what the hell Cam would think of you. His beloved baby sister using alcohol to forget and get herself in any number of f**ked up situations."

"You always have to bring him up, don't you? Maybe I don't use it for that. Maybe I use it because I like it."

"I call bullshit on that and every other excuse you have for it. You only "like" it because it lets you forget."

"And I think I'm allowed to forget, don't you?" She raises her eyebrows and walks further into the trees.

"Yep. Shit, Rox, you were there when he crashed--"

"And the rest." She stops in front of a large tree, the bottle dropping from her grip. She presses her hands against the trunk, tilting her head down and to the side. "And the goddamn, nightmare-inducing rest that haunts me every f**king time I close my eyes."

Her voice is tiny yet it holds so much power and heartbreak. I feel each crack spreading in her heart with each word, and it makes my own ache. It makes every part of my body ache for her, for what she's feeling and the urge to soothe it. My feet ache to walk to her the way my arms ache to hold her close.

"Talk to me," I say into the gentle breeze rustling the leaves above us. "Don't use alcohol to forget, Rox. Use me to remember."

"What good will that do?"

I give into the ache in my legs and crunch twigs under my feet as I walk to her. I stop just behind her and push her hair from her face.

"I don't know, but at least you won't be hurting alone anymore."

Her eyes are fixed on one spot on the ground, and I'm almost glad I can't see them. "It wasn't just the crash. It was everything. Everything about the night, I saw it all. Selena called the ambulance, and I stayed by the crushed car watching my brother die and begging him not to leave me. I watched them revive him at the scene and bundle him into the ambulance. Then in the hospital I watched them try and fail to bring him back to life for a second time. The whole time I was begging him not to leave me, not to die. I bargained and I bartered with an invisible entity to save him, to not let him go. And I was alone the whole time. He died before Mom and Dad got to the hospital. His last moments were mine. Just mine. That night was so much more than watching the crash. Do you get that now? It was so much f**king more! I watched my brother die - die! - right in front of me, and there wasn't a single freaking thing I could do about it!"

Tears stream from her eyes and streak mascara down her cheeks. I wrap my arm around her shoulders and pull her into me, holding her tightly against my chest. Her silent tears turn into body-shaking sobs as she grips my shirt at my back and her knees give way.

As I thread my hand into her hair and turn her face into my neck, it feels as if everything stops. Nature stills as she cries for what I'm guessing is the first real time since he died, her noises of heartbreak the only sounds around us. The only thing I know is her trembling body tucked into my arms and the tears soaking into my shirt, the cries from her mouth and the tightness of her fingers as they hold onto me.

And I understand why she does what she does. She holds so much pain, so much guilt and so much anguish in her tiny little body it's a wonder she hasn't broken by now. But there's nothing I can do.

Nothing except hold her. So that's what I do.

I hold her to me and sit down with my back against the tree she was just leaning against. Her knees go either side of my hips and she nestles into me, never letting go as the tears keep falling. I bury my face in her hair, feeling my own tears in the back of my eyes for the loss of the person we both loved.

Because I did. I loved Cam as more than just my friend. I loved him as my brother, my go-to guy, my partner in crime. If guys could have guy soul mates, he was mine. I know my own pain and I feel it every day. I feel it everywhere, but what I feel is nothing compared to what Roxy feels.

And this is what she needs. She needs to remember and cry and hold onto someone who'll never let her hurt without hurting too.

She releases my shirt and wraps her arms around my neck, hiding her face in the crook between my neck and shoulder. My own arm goes tighter around her waist and pulls her closer to me.

The closer she is to me and the longer I hold her, the longer I hold her trembling, sobbing body to me, the more a part of me begins to accept the fact there's so much more than just Cam between us.

Chapter Nine - Roxy

"He's driving too fast." I'd looked at Selena, worry snaking its way through my body. I knew Stu had drunk more than the legal limit - that's why I'd tried getting Cam in with us.

"Call Cam. Get him to tell Stu to slow down," she replied, pressing down on the accelerator to keep Stu's Honda in sight.

The repetitive ring buzzed in my ear as I called my brother. My teeth dug into my lip, peeling the top layer of skin away.

"What?"

"He's going too fast, Cam. He's too drunk to be driving like that. Get him to slow down." I tried to keep my apprehension and nerves tucked away, but there was no fooling him. There never was.

"Rox." Cam laughed. "Don't worry. Stu isn't that drunk. He's in total control. Chill out, yeah?"

"Cam, I..."

The glare of the headlights coming toward us cut through the night sharply. Stu's car swerved on the tight country road as he tried to avoid the oncoming car, but the line went dead at the same time a scream left my body and Selena slammed on her breaks. The blue Honda's tires screeched against the uneven surface, skidding and spinning as Stu did his best to regain control of his car. The other car with his too-bright headlights went sideways into the bushes, the engine cutting.

I watched in horror as Stu's car slid head on into a tree. The front of the car crushed against the broad, sturdy trunk, and steam billowed out from under the hood on impact.

"Cam! Caaaaaaaam!" My scream broke the momentary silence. I fell out of Selena's car in my rush to get to him, to my brother, to make sure he was safe. Fuck the car. I just needed to know he was okay.

I yanked open the passenger side door. Cam was leaning forward, blood pouring from a cut on his head. His airbag hadn't expelled, and he had grazes and cuts all over his face. One of his hands was pressed tightly against his stomach with his fingers curled into his shirt.

"Cam? Oh, God. Cam, Cam. Can you hear me?" I touched his face frantically, slapping his cheeks and pinching his nose as tears streamed down my face. "Wake up, Cam. Tell me to shut up. For God sake, wake up!"

He didn't. He sat silently, his chest twitching erratically in place of a rhythmic rise and fall. Nothing else mattered in that moment. I just needed to know he was okay, that he was alive. That Stu's stupid, drunk driving hadn't seriously hurt the most important person in my life.

It felt like an age before I heard the wail of sirens and the pulsing blue lights. But still I refused to move. My hands were wrapped tightly around Cam's, talking gibberish I knew would annoy him. I just needed him to tell me to shut the hell up. That was all I cared about.

"Miss, please come with me," a voice said from behind me.

I shrugged hands off my shoulders. "No. I can't leave my brother. I need to make sure he's okay. I have to."

"The paramedics can't get to him with you sitting here. We'll just go a few meters away. You'll still be able to see the car," the same voice said softly. I allowed them to pull me back from Cam, my eyes never leaving his still form. "Are you hurt?"

I shook my head. "No. I was in my friend's car." I move my eyes to the woman police officer guiding me toward her car. "He'll be okay? My brother?"

"I don't know anything until the paramedics have examined him. I'm sorry." She sits me in the back seat. "Why don't you tell me your details, and we can have your parents meet us at the hospital?"

"Hospital?" My eyes widened, flitting frantically from her to Stu's car. Paramedics were swarming around Cam with medical equipment, and I needed to be there. More than anything I needed to be my brother's side, holding him, telling him it was okay.

The officer held me back before I realized I was moving.

"It's okay. Let them do their job, sweetheart. He's in the best hands."

"No. No. I need to be there. Be with him. Please." I didn't recognize the voice crying out. It was raw, it was pained. It sounded nothing like me. Nothing at all.

"You can be. At the hospital," she says softly. "There's nothing you can do for him right now."

~

I broke. Shattered. Gave in.

For one glorious hour, I collapsed under the weight of the pain wrapped around my heart and let it consume me whole-heartedly. I let myself feel the burn of losing Cam more clearly than I have since the day he died.

And now I hate myself for it.

I hate it because the pain is stronger. It's more noticeable. It's heavier. It's frightening and it's panic-inducing. I hurt more than I ever thought I could and I miss him more feverishly than I ever knew.

So I need to forget. I need to put all the bullshit aside, bury the pain and hide the heartbreak, and get on with life. Right after I've stepped through the imposing gate towering above me in the waning light and stared at his headstone for a while.

I've never hesitated this way before. I've never been so scared to go in there and see his name carved perfectly into the marble or sit next to the grass that covers the space where he's laid to rest.

I don't know how I do it. I just know I do. Somehow my feet move, one in front of the other, and take me to his grave.

A few tiny leaves have fallen from the trees lining the section of the cemetery he lies in and sit on top of his headstone. I rub my hand across the top and brush them away, watching as they flutter to the grass, and lower myself next to his grave. I hug my knees to my chest and rest my head on top of them, turned so my eyes trace the letters of his name the way they do every time I come here.

His name. His date of birth. His date of death. The one line that sums his death up perfectly.

The sky has gained the brightest star it will ever have.

My words. They were all I could say when we ordered the stone, but nothing else would have fit him. He was the bright star in everyone's life, so it's only right that's where he ends up. High in the sky, shining over everyone and lighting our way. There was no need to say he'd be missed; we all know he is and he probably knows it too.

"Light my way home tonight, yeah, bro?" I whisper, kissing my fingers and pressing them to the stone. "Miss you."

I hold back the tears as I push up from the grass and walk away from him. Selena's house is only minutes away from the cemetery, but I've hidden my emotions for so long they're not noticeable by the time she says goodbye to her parents and we turn toward Leanne's house for her birthday party.

"Is Kyle going tonight?" Selena asks.

I shrug. "I don't know. Why would I?"

"No reason, I guess. Just that he ran off like his ass was on fire when he realized you'd gone to Layla's the other day."

"Only because he wanted to empty it over the floor," I mutter dryly.

So I don't actually care about what he did... That much. A part of me is pissed at him, but another part of me is still lolling about in a glowing bubble from him holding me for so long, and both parts know it wouldn't have happened if he didn't empty the vodka all over the floor.

"Good on him," she replies brashly. "Personally I would have shoved it up your butt, but whatever floats his boat."

I roll my eyes and push through the open door at Leanne's. "Whatever. I need a drink."

"Here we go," she mumbles.

I ignore her and make my way into the kitchen. Olly's standing by the fridge with his eyes following my every move. His lips curve upward as I approach, and he holds up a bottle of vodka.

"Can I get you a drink, Roxy?"

Like hell you can.

"Thanks, but I think I can pour my own drink." I take the bottle from him. "I'm not quite helpless." I grab a cup and pour it in, mixing it with some coke.

The drink, not the drug.

Olly leans in toward me and puts his mouth by my ear, his hand settling on my hip. "I can make you helpless."

I rest the urge to roll my eyes and turn, gripping his collar. "Try it, Oliver, and we'll see who's really helpless by the end of the night."

"That sounds like a promise."

"Oh, it is, but you won't like being helpless." I glance at his pants. "In fact, I think nature already did the job for me." I raise my glass in his direction, a small smile playing at the corners of my mouth. "Cheers."

I leave him standing glaring after me, and move through into the front room. A glance around tells me Kyle isn't here yet - if at all, and I relax a little. Both from the freedom him not being around gives me and because I haven't seen him since I oh-so-elegantly smeared my mascara across his white shirt.

My drink goes down smoothly - too smoothly - and the others follow. One after another, no thinking, no counting, no anything except the liquid in my cup and the sweet oblivion creeping up onto me. Nothing except the music pounding off the walls and flowing through my body. Nothing except-

"You really don't need anymore," Selena says through a sigh as I pour another drink.

"Whatever," I reply, my choice word for the evening. "Lighten up, Leney. I can still talk, I can still walk, and I can still remember my name." I turn to her, smiling, the now full cup in my hand. "When I can't do any of that, then I've had enough."

I down the drink, feeling it join the already warm puddle in my belly. I don't care what number drink that was. I just care about the swimming in my head...

And the blue-grey eyes looking into mine. Well, hello there.

"I don't think we've met," the owner of the eyes says.

"I think I'd remember you if we did." I look over him. Light brown hair, strong jaw, fairly firm arms... "Yep. I'd definitely remember you."

He smirks. "Then we should introduce ourselves."

My lips move into a smile that mirrors his but holds more confidence. "Feel free to introduce yourself, but I don't do names." I take his hand and pull him into a dancing group of people.

He cups my hips with his hands and draws my body close to him. I slide my hands up his body to his neck as he lowers his head, turning his face into my hair, and he coaxes my body to move. I go with it and let him take control because this is the only control he's gonna have.

The second we leave the control is all mine.

His hands wander, slipping to my back and down to my bum, his fingers probing through the material of my tight skirt. His breathes flutters my hair, his lips ghosting my ear, and I move my face toward his.

"Fucking hell," Kyle's voice says behind me.

I groan. "You have got to be kidding me."

"What?" the guy in front of me asks.

My arms fall from his neck and Kyle's hand clamps on one of them.

"You're leaving," Kyle orders.

I snatch my arm and glare at him. "Again? Really? Are you my f**king keeper?"

His eyes are hard and his jaw tight. "The way I see it you have two options. You leave by my side or slung over my goddamn shoulder. Either way, you're leaving."

"Who is this dick?" No-Name guy asks. "Your brother or something?"

"Not her brother," Kyle responds. "And you're one lucky jackass he isn't here." He turns back to me. "Choose. Now."

Fine. You wanna play this game.

I grin sassily. "As tempting as your shoulder is, Kyle, I can still walk. But feel free to hold me up if you want to."

He drops his head back as I walk past him, putting extra swing in my hips.

"Wait." I stop walking in the hallway.

"What now, Roxanne?" he groans from behind me.

I turn to him. "If you throw me over your shoulder, would you slap my ass? If you would, I might have to reconsider my answer."

His eyes flash with something between annoyance and heat, and tingles run through my body with the knowledge I'm affecting him.

Men.

This is what I can control.

And not even Kyle is immune to it.

"Get your ass outside," he warns. "Don't f**k me around, Rox."

"Spoil sport." I pout, walking outside. His car is parked in the drive, the only one there. "Let me guess; you want my ass in your car so you can haul me home?"

"And it's a gold star for you," he replies dryly, unlocking it and holding open my door.

"I'm getting good at this." I flash him another grin as I climb in and he shakes his head.

This is fun.

He pulls out of the driveway. "I have no idea what to do with you, girl. I really don't."

My smile widens, and I shift in my seat so my body is facing him.

"Don't say it," he says gruffly. "Don't say what you were about to."

"What?" I blink innocently.

His eyes shoot a warning glance in my direction. "You know exactly what I mean. You're just making a complete idiot of yourself."

"So why do you keep turning up here and saving me like I'm a damsel in distress? I gotta say, your armor isn't up to much, Sir Knight."

"Because if I turn up and take you away, no one else has the pain of listening to awkward, drunken sentences like that."

"Or..." I open the door when he pulls up outside my house. "You don't want anyone to have me even though you don't want me yourself."

I slam the door behind me and f**k. I didn't mean to say that out loud. At all. Uh-uh. Damn. Why did I say it out loud?

Oh yeah. Because it's the truth. Isn't it?

"And what the f**k does that mean?" he yells, following me into my back yard.

Well, might as well carry on and blame it on my "awkward drunken sentences" in the morning.

I spin, my hair flying around my shoulders, and put my hands on my hips. My eyes are dead on his in the darkness.

"What I mean is you've turned up to these parties twice now. Both times you've got pissed off when I've been dancing with a guy even when it's my right to. I'm single, I have no commitments or promises to any guy and I can do what the hell I like."

"I'm just doing--"

"Bullshit!" I punch the air, stamp my foot, and jab my finger in his direction. "Bull. Shit! You're not doing this for Cam. I don't believe that for one f**king second, Kyle. You get too angry and protective for it to be for him."

"I've known you our whole lives. Of course I'm gonna protect you from the jackasses you insist on hanging with. I care about you, for f**k sake!" He runs his hands through his hair and turns, looking away from me.

"Of course," my voice quietens, a sad tinge almost creeping in. "I forgot. You've known me forever. I'm Cam's baby sister. How stupid of me to forget."

"It's not that." He sighs.

"Then what it is? I am Cam's baby sister. That's all I've ever been to you."

"Before? Yeah, that's all you ever were. Now? No, Roxy. You're not just my dead best friend's little sister."

My heart stops and whatever words I had ready to respond with lodge in my throat, leaving my mouth open as I stare at the back of his head.

"What?" I whisper.

"You're not just his sister, okay? Fuck. I wish you were but you're not. You're so much f**king more than just Cam's baby sister."

"Kiss me."

The words leave without my permission. They burst from my lips, not a plea but a demand. I'm not asking him to kiss me.

I'm telling him.

Kyle stops, his head turning to the side. His profile is illuminated by the moonlight, and I hate that he's not facing me. I hate that all I can see is the back of him.

"What?"

"If I'm not just Cam's kid sister, then kiss me. Now. Turn your ass around and walk up to me and kiss me like you damn well mean it, Kyle Daniels."

"Rox..." He turns. "You're drunk. You have no idea what you're saying."

"I'm not..." I pause as he faces me, his eyebrow raised. My arms shoot into the air in surrender. "Okay, I'm drunk. But that doesn't mean I don't know what I'm saying. I know exactly what I'm saying. I know what I want and I want you to kiss me."

He takes slow steps toward me, almost stalking me, and my heart finds its beat again, thumping against my chest. I walk backward and my back hits the side of the shed, and I swallow as he moves toward me in the darkness, never taking my eyes from his.

"You really want me to kiss you? Right here?"

"Right here."

"Right now?"

"Right now."

Kyle stops in front of me and flattens his hand against the shed wall. I can see the heat in his eyes even in the darkness, and I can feel that same heat emanating from his body into mine. There isn't a single part of our bodies that are touching but it doesn't matter.

I can't breathe. My stomach is clenching in excitement and my heart is pounding against my ribs. Blood and adrenaline rush around my body, and I'm hyper-aware of everything.

Of me. Of him. Of our bodies. Of our breathing.

"Against the shed wall?" he clarifies in a hot whisper.

"I'm already against it." When did my voice get so breathless?

"I know." He dips his head lower. "I'm just trying to figure out exactly what you're asking me. "Kiss me" is kinda vague."

"And also kinda clear."

"Depends who you ask." His fingers brush against my hip, sending shivers and tingles across my skin through my clothes. "And you're asking me to pin you against your shed wall and kiss you. Right?"

Yes.

"Right?"

"Yes."

"You don't know what you're asking, Roxy. You really don't." He shakes his head, moving back from me.

My hands shoot out and grab his shirt, stopping him from turning away from me. "I know what I'm asking, Kyle. Don't treat me like I'm stupid. You said I'm not just Cam's kid sister, now prove it." I look him right in the eyes, both showing him I'm serious and challenging him. "Or just tell me you don't want to kiss me and go."

Before I can say another word, his body flattens against mine and pushes me firmly into the wall. His lips crash onto mine, his fingers curl around my waist, and his other hand cups the back of my neck. I slide my hands up his chest and around his neck, my fingers sinking into the hair at the back of his head.

Soft. Hot. Hard. Probing.

All these words flit through my mind but none come close to the way I feel as he sweeps his mouth across mine, kissing me in a way I've never been kissed before. His tongue flicks across my closed lips, slipping between them when they part and moves across mine, exploring every part of my mouth, feeling me, touching me, possessing me. It's primal yet loving, tightening every muscle in my body and turning my legs to jelly at the same time.

Intense.

The way this feels, the way we cling to each other, the way our lips caress and our tongues battle, it's intense. It's intense and consuming and it's owning me, taking me over. It's making me and ruining me, because I know nothing will ever top this.

No kiss will ever feel the way this one does.

"Like that?" he whispers, his lips brushing mine with his words.

I nod. "Like that."

"Good." He pulls me even closer and puts his knee between my legs, closing every inch of space between our bodies. His hand presses flat against the arch of my back and curves my body into his, and his thumb brushes across my cheek.

I open my eyes, looking straight into his, and hold my breath. I can't calm the frantic pace of my heart or the speed of my breathing and I sure as shit can't stop the goose pimples erupting over every inch of my skin.

"Rox," Kyle whispers, tilting my head back slightly. I don't speak; I look at him with my lips slightly parted, my eyes wide and my cheeks flushed, waiting for whatever he's going to say next.

He doesn't say a thing.

He kisses me again.

And I'm lost.

Chapter Ten - Kyle

Shit.

I never meant to do that.

I was supposed to drag her from that damn party and shove her through her front door, not have her turn those bright blue eyes on me and play me the way she plays all her guys. And I wasn't supposed to hold her against her shed while I kissed her. And God did I kiss her... but I couldn't help it. Ever since I've been back I've wanted to kiss her as much as I've wanted to sort her out and last night I lost it.

It was that spark in her eye - the determination and resolution when she demanded I kiss her - and it was the slight gasp in every word she spoke through her parted lips when I moved closer to her. It was the knowledge we were close, so close, and it was down to me. The choice was mine. Kiss her or walk away.

There was no way I could have walked away. I couldn't have turned around and left her there, her hair loose and tumbling round her shoulders with her cheeks flushed any more than I could have stayed away from that party when Selena called me.

And I feel like a f**king teenage girl sitting here replaying those moments in my mind. It's not like it was my first kiss or even just a casual kiss with some girl I barely know. It was different because it was Roxy.

The girl I've kept ass**les away from our whole lives.

I can't believe how much has changed in two little weeks. Fourteen days doesn't seem long enough to go from seeing her as a sister to kissing her like my life depends on it.

"Fuuuuuuck." I dig the heels of my hands into my eyes. "What the hell did I do that for?"

"Do what?" Iz asks from my doorway.

I tilt my head to the side and look at her. "Nothing."

"You're such a bad liar." She laughs. "It's almost like the time you and Cam were four and promised Mom you didn't eat her freshly baked cookies. She would have believed you if you didn't have chocolate around your mouth and crumbs down your shirt."

"Yeah, alright," I grunt. "I just... I don't feel like talking about it to you."

"And what's wrong with me?"

"Is anything right with you?"

Iz narrows her light brown eyes and crosses her arms across her chest. She studies me, her eyes flitting to each of my features, and a small smile tugs at the corners of her mouth.

"Don't do your body language shit on me!" I sit up straight.

"You're guilty but confused. No, wait." She tilts her head to the side. "Aha. You're confused because you should be feeling guilty, but you're not. You think you've done something bad, but it felt good at the time. And now you want to talk to me but you're incredibly freaked out I've worked out how you're feeling by the way you're sitting." Her smile evolves into a grin.

Bitch.

"Am I right?"

I sigh. "Yes. You're right."

"Oh, this is good." She kicks my door shut and bounces across my room, jumping onto my bed next to me. She tucks her legs under her and stares at me. "So. What did you do?"

"I can't believe I'm saying this," I mumble. "Uh... I... Um..."

"Yes?"

"Um."

"Spit it out, Ky!"

"I kissed Roxy!"

The words spill from me, and I hang my head back as soon as I've said her name. Iz's mouth drops open.

"You did... what?"

"Don't make me say it again," I plead and tap my temple. "I'm already f**ked up in here, don't make me be the same way out here too."

"No, I know what you did. I just... You shocked me. Kind of."

"Shocked you? Not the great Dr. Iz who can tell someone's feelings with a mere glance?"

"Shut it." She shoves my arm. "Obviously I could tell there was some serious tension there but I didn't realize it was quite that strong. So..."

"Here we go. Do I have to pay you an hourly rate for this session?"

"Half price," she replies without missing a beat and winks. "Seriously though, bro. You're guilty because... Why?"

I push myself back so my back is against my wall and bend my knees, staring out of my window. "She's Cam's sister, isn't she? Like... His baby sister. The one girl he loved more than anything."

"And if he wanted anyone to kiss her, surely it would be you?"

"Yeah, but he made me promise I'd protect her, Iz. I'm doing a stellar job at it. How am I meant to protect her from the dicks she insists on hanging with if I can't even protect her from myself?"

She doesn't speak for a moment, letting my question hang in the air between us. And it does hang - heavily. Like no one really wants to answer it.

"Who says you have to protect her from you?" she whispers. "Besides, the best way to protect someone is to have them by your side."

Ain't that the truth?

"I dunno. If I were Cam, I'd want to punch me."

"But you're not Cam, are you?"

I drag my eyes from the window to hers, and hold her gaze. "It would be easier if I was. Then I wouldn't be stuck in this shitty place where I have no idea what to do. No idea how to make sense of what I feel."

"So talk to him." Iz shrugs like its simple.

"He can't exactly talk back. Have you forgotten--?"

"He's dead, I know. But, Ky, death doesn't have to mean he's gone. Because he's not, not really. He's still here - that's obvious by the way you're feeling." She slides off my bed and stuffs her hands in the pockets of her shorts. "Call me crazy, but I bet if you went to his grave and just let it all out you'd feel better. After all, there's no one to answer you back, is there?"

~

"I'm a dick, aren't I?" I ask the marble headstone in front of me like it'll answer. If it could, it would agree. If it could, it'd probably create a stone fist and slam into me.

It's silent here. There are no people, no birds, no wind. It's just me, my words, and my dead best friend. It's just the sick feeling in my stomach when I think about the last time we were sitting together.

"Shaving cream? In her shampoo? Again?" Cam had looked at me.

I shrugged. "It's the best one, and you know it."

"Do you ever think we should grow up and stop the pranks one day?"

"Yeah, one day, but that isn't anytime soon." We both grin. "Come on. Let's do this one more time."

"You know this is on you, right?"

We stand and I hold my arms out. "Always is, man. Always is."

And now I'm sitting next to his dead body, expecting responses that'll never come.

Did I want Roxy back then? Was there a small part of me than recognized something the rest of me didn't? Have I secretly always wanted Cam's sister to be more than that?

"You'd know the answer, wouldn't you? You always f**king did. You knew shit before everyone else did." I run my fingers through my hair and let out a long breath. "What do I do, man? How do I protect her when the only reason I wanna do it is for a selfish one? If you could see her now..." I let out a sad laugh. "You'd have her locked in a basement somewhere 'til she sorted her shit out, y'know? She's bad, real bad, but I dunno what to do. I can't keep rocking up to these parties and dragging her away.

"I could talk to her, I guess. Talk her down instead of yelling at her ass. But we both know how well that works. She's stubborn as f**k and does whatever the hell she wants to. Worth a shot though, right?" I shrug. "Option two, - fuck me this is like finals all over again - keep dragging her out of those goddamn parties and show her what she's doing. How she's wasting her life. Agreed?"

I wait for a moment in silence, still expecting that answer. Still expecting his voice to laugh at me and tell me to shut the hell up.

"And the last option... the last chance... walk away from her." I swallow even at the thought. "I turn around and leave her alone, hoping it'll knock some sense into her. Drastic, but sometimes that's all she'll react to, isn't it? Like the shaving foam in the shampoo bottle. That was always a pretty damn dramatic reaction."

His name stares back at me, taunting me, and I chew the inside of my cheek.

Three options. Three chances. Three attempts at getting it right.

Three different opportunities for her to kick my ass.

"Better get started then, eh?" I stand and pat the top of his stone. "See ya later."

Odd how we talk to dead people like they can still hear us. I guess a part of us wants them to hear us, wants to believe they can.

I know I want to believe he can hear me and agree with me.

My feet take me in the direction of the cafe, and I try to figure out what I'm gonna say. Unsuccessfully. What do you say to the girl you pinned up against her shed wall and kissed the hell out of last night?

Certainly not "Hi, how are you today?"

I shake my head and push open the cafe door, stopping in the doorway. Roxy's standing behind the counter, the twins in front of her, and she's laughing with them. There's a lightness to that laugh.

Her blue eyes find mine when the twins turn around. My gaze collides with hers across the cafe, holding her eyes to mine. She swallows, her lips parting, and I walk toward her.

Chapter Eleven - Roxy

"Mm mmmm." Marie leans against the counter and gives a little shiver. "Mmmm."

I flip the coffee machine on and glance at her over my shoulder. "Can I help you?"

"Not you, honey," she replies with a sigh.

"I guess you haven't seen him," Isla squeezes next to her sister.

"Seen who?"

"The hunk of a man staying at your aunt's place! Oh!" They both fan themselves with their hands.

I place their coffees in front of them and ring up their order. "Hunk of a man? I'm listening."

"He's... Oh, he's got me all flustered!" Marie sighs again.

"He's tall," Isla says dreamily. "Tall and big and his hair! Goodness me, I could just run my fingers through his hair all day long."

I don't think I've seen these two quite this giggly over a man... Well, ever, and that's surely saying something.

"Who is he?" I hand them their change.

"Haven't the foggiest, dear. He did say he'd be meeting us here for coffee, though. So if you see that man come on in, you make sure you notify us immediately!" Isla waggles her finger at me. My lips twist in a wry smile.

"Like I'd notice before you two ladies."

Marie nods. "You know, Isla, foxy Roxy has a point there."

"Foxy Roxy?" I snort. "You two are getting worse. Go drink your coffees and keep an eye out for this hunky man. Go on."

The door opens and they both turn with lightning speed.

"Mm, it's not our man, Marie, but he's certainly a hunky one."

I roll my eyes with a laugh and look up. Kyle's standing in the doorway, one hand resting on the door. There's a light shadow along his jaw, and as I lift my eyes to his, my heart thumps. He's looking at me the way he did last night - intensely, like there's nothing else he can see but me. I swallow as he steps toward the counter.

"Ladies." He looks at Marie and Isla. "Don't you look lovely this morning?"

"Oh, you charmer you!" Isla swats his arm, giggling.

"Just tellin' it as I see it." Kyle winks.

"Well..." Marie's eyes flit between me and him. "I think we should go have a seat, Isla."

"Right you are, Marie. Facing the door this week, though. We don't want to miss our young man."

Kyle raises an eyebrow at me when they've sat down. "Their young man?"

"Some guy staying at my aunt's bed and breakfast," I answer dismissively. "Coffee?"

"Please."

I turn and busy myself with the machine and his mug. I'm trying not to focus on his gaze firmly attached to my back or on our kiss last night. In fact, all I'm trying to focus on is making this coffee without-

"Shit!" I cry, dropping the mug of milk. I grab a cloth and bend down to mop it up. Kyle's laughing quietly behind me, and I glare at him when I stand up again.

He ignores my icy look and leans forward on the counter. "Something on your mind, Roxy?"

"Aside from how I wish I'd hit you with the milk instead? No."

"Sarcasm to your defense again."

I put his coffee in front of him - with milk. "Any reason you're here this morning?"

His lips curve to one side. "I'm having a coffee."

"Of course you are." I put one hand on the counter and tilt my head to one side. "But why are you here?"

His eyes flick to the twins, and they look back at their mugs instead of us. He leans toward me and lowers his voice. "Can we talk about this when you've finished?"

I glance at the clock. "It's not for another half an hour."

Kyle curves his fingers around his mug and lifts it to his mouth. His brown eyes study me over the top of the white ceramic, and my breath catches in my throat at the glint there.

He says quietly, "I'll wait for you."

There's a double meaning there.

I shake off that stupid thought and head toward Mr. Yeo's table. One kiss and I'm analyzing his every word. Fucking hell.

"How was it?" I ask the old man hidden behind the paper.

"Awesome," he replies. "That's what you kids say these days, isn't it?"

I laugh. "That's it."

"Good. You tell your mama it's the best she's ever given me."

"She tried a new recipe out today. I'll be sure to let her know it's a success." I take his plate and head into the kitchen to put the plate in the sink.

"Well?" Mom asks.

"He loved it."

"Who knew all I needed was a bit of black pepper?"

I shrug a shoulder. "Not me."

"Roxy..."

I stop before I walk from the kitchen and slowly turn to her. "Yeah?"

"Are you okay? You seem a little... off."

"Yeah, I'm fine, Mom. I didn't sleep well last night, is all."

"Okay, honey. You can go when Selena turns up. I didn't need you both last weekend, so go and get some sleep or something."

I nod and walk back into the cafe. The twins are talking to a tall man with greying hair. Surely this can't be the "hunk" in Aunt Bonnie's bed and breakfast?

"Psst," I hiss at Kyle, leaning in close. "Who's that?"

He turns to me and his face is much closer to mine than I thought it would be. I flinch in surprise but he doesn't move away.

"That's their young man." The twist in his lips shows just how amused he is.

I peer at the man. "My house is younger than him."

Kyle chuckles. "Play nice, Roxanne."

"Don't. Call. Me. Roxanne."

"Or what?"

"Sorry I'm late!" Selena runs through the cafe. "I couldn't find my apron."

I push off the counter. "Don't worry about it. You could have used mine. I'm going now anyway."

"You... What?"

"Mom said she didn't need me so I can leave early." I shrug and untie my apron, stashing it beneath the counter. "Have fun."

"Pfffft." Selena pours a cup of coffee, and I grin.

"Behave yourself, you two," I shoot at the twins as I stroll toward the door. They both turn to me and their eyes twinkle when they see Kyle on my heels.

"We'll say the same to you two," they say in unison with a giggle.

They get worse.

Kyle holds the door open and we walk through. "What are we doing?" I ask him.

"Wanna go up to the gorge?"

"Just us?"

He turns to me, smirking. "Who else?"

I shrug and walk to his car. I hear him laugh behind me, and he approaches me.

"Why, Hughes," he murmurs into my ear. "Are you nervous around me?"

Yes.

"Don't be f**king stupid, Daniels." I shove him away from me. "Let's go before I change my mind."

"Why would you change your mind?"

"Not because I'm nervous around you, that's for sure."

He laughs again. Damn him. I am nervous around him. It's a feeling I'm not used to. I'm used to knowing what's going to happen but Kyle keeps me guessing. I'm used to being in control but I'm not around him. He makes me lose control. I love it and hate it at the same time.

The car is suffocating as we drive toward the gorge. I train my eyes on the passenger side window and watch the wooded areas I've grown up in pass me by. I try to name all the flowers I see in an extreme attempt to distract myself from Kyle but it isn't working.

I can't stop thinking about kissing him last night. How his hand felt twined in my hair, how his body felt pressed up against mine and how his lips covered mine. I felt every single touch down to my bones. I still do. I can still feel the burning of my skin when he touched me.

The air is cooler out here, and it's a relief to get out of the car and walk through the trees. It's a relief to be here, hiding. Even if the person I know I need to hide the most from is right behind me.

"Why do you always pick the jerks?"

I stop and rest my hand against a tree. "What do you mean?"

"The guys I see you with every weekend. They're all ass**les, Rox. You're not blind or stupid. You know they are."

"I know."

"So why do you go for them?"

"Because they don't expect any more than I'm willing to give."

"Which is a quick f**k."

His words sting. But they're the truth. "Yep."

The ground crunches under his feet as he walks over to me. "Why? Why don't you find a nice guy?"

I turn and meet his gaze. "Because they want more from me than I can give."

"Like what?"

"A relationship."

Kyle stops right in front of me and puts his hand next to mine on the tree. "Why can't you give them that?"

Because they're not you.

"I just can't. I go for the jackasses because they don't care if I play them. They're looking for what I am; something that doesn't mean anything. It's easy. Simple. I can f**k them over and they don't give a shit."

"So why did you kiss me last night?"

I was drunk. I don't know. I was drunk. I don't know.

Great. I can't think of more than two excuses and even then they're both crap.

I swallow instead of saying anything.

"Well?" he prompts. "Last time I checked, I wasn't a jerk."

"Depends who you ask."

He raises his eyebrows. "Am I a jerk?"

"No." I sigh. "You're not."

"So I'll ask you again. Why did you kiss me last night if you only kiss jerks?"

I narrow my eyes at him. "Why did you kiss me?"

"For the same reason I'm about to again. Because I want to." He bends his head and presses his lips to mine before I can respond.

It feels the same as last night but so different.

This is sweeter. Every brush of his lips against mine feels like he's tasting me and savoring me. It feels like he's using each touch to memorize the feel of my mouth on his. It's not hard and it's not soft.

This kiss is as raw as the one last night, but in different ways. Last night was an explosion of pure need. This is a wave of emotion full of honesty and sincerity.

"Why?" I whisper.

Kyle pushes my hair from my face and cups the side of my head, his thumb brushing over my cheek. "Because someone has to show you you're worth more than you've made yourself believe. And it's hard enough not to punch every guy that touches you without letting someone else kiss you that way."

"Why, Kyle Daniels, are you jealous?"

"Yes."

His answer shocks me. It's the way he said it so simply, like I should have known - like I shouldn't have had to ask at all.

"Why?"

He runs his fingers through to the ends of my hair and steps back. "I don't know why. Just like you don't know why you can't give a nice guy a relationship."

Ouch. I deserve that.

I drop onto the ground next to him. "So you came into the cafe for us to find out I can't give a nice guy a relationship, and you're jealous of any guy who kisses me."

"Apparently so."

"You know why you're jealous." I look at the floor.

"And you know why you can't give a nice guy a relationship."

"We're not talking generalizations now, are we?"

"No," he replies quietly.

I look at the gorge running past in front of us. The water is quick, crashing against the small rocks breaking its path. It's almost as if the water knows exactly where its heading before it hits the rock and veers off in that direction, leaving the smaller, more indecisive water drops to smash into the rock. It's a head on collision, a wreck.

The way Cam's life ended. The way mine is heading.

Difference is, I'm in control of mine.

He wasn't.

"I don't want to talk about this anymore." My voice is quiet, almost drowned out by the gorge. "Can you take me home?"

"In a minute." Kyle turns to me and twists his body toward mine.

"Wh-"

He pulls my face toward his again. I know I should push him away - I should cut everything here. I should get up and demand he takes me home right this f**king second.

But I won't.

I've spent too many endless nights over the last few years wondering what this would feel like. I've spent too many hours staring in space in a girly haze wondering what it would be like for him to see me as something other than his best friend's sister.

Now I know. I know what it's like to have our lips locked and for him to look at me as someone more than what I always been have.

And I'm afraid I'm helpless against it.

Chapter Twelve - Kyle

Roxanne Hughes is the worst kind of headfuck. And she doesn't even know it.

She knows the effect she has on guys. Of course she does - she has enough of them falling at her feet - but she has no idea what she does to us. She has no idea that one smile and blink of her eyes grasps our attention. One touch steals it to the point of no return. And I'm done for.

I'm not naive. I know exactly what she and everyone else does. Her shit attitude is her way of coping with Cam's death. Hell, she'll tell that to anyone who will listen but I'm the only one who knows how to tear that crap apart and make her really grieve for him. I'm the only one who knows what's really hiding behind those beautiful blue eyes.

And, hell. I need to tear apart that shitty little attitude and put her on her ass long enough to make her realize she doesn't need those jackasses she insists on seducing however many times a week. I need to make her see what she needs is right in front of her. She needs a nice guy who can make her love herself the way he loves her.

I could come to love her so, so easily. Maybe I already do in a tiny corner of my brain. Maybe there's a part of my body that calls out for her I haven't listened to yet.

'Cause, god f**king dammit, the guy she needs is me.

She's needed me her whole life and I'm not about to let that change now. I couldn't give a flying crap if she needed me in a different way then. She needs me now more than ever, and I should have been here six months ago when her whole world fell apart.

She'll never forgive me for that, but y'know what? That's okay. I won't forgive my sorry ass for it either. I should have been here to hold together what was left of her shattered heart.

Now though, now I'm home. Now I'm here and I have just over two months to find all those shattered pieces and put them back together in a way only I know how.

I need to make her see she needs me.

Because I know I need her.

"She doesn't seem to care about anyone other than herself. Well, you've seen that." Myra rubs her hand down her face.

"I think she does care," I say carefully. "She just doesn't know how to deal with it. I think she just misses him so much she has to fill that void somehow."

"She ain't ever gonna fill that void. No amount of rebellion will fill the gap left by Cam." Ray sighs. "And she won't listen. We let it get too far before we stepped in and now we're paying for it. We should have lassoed her butt and grounded her to make her stop."

Iz snorts. "She would have found a way to get out. Okay, so she was once quiet and cute, but she's always been determined. We all know Roxy has always found a way to get what she wants when she wants it, everyone else be damned."

"You're right, Iz," Myra agrees. "What was once of her best traits is now her worst enemy. I just..." She pauses and closes her eyes. Ray reaches over and takes her hand in his, and I feel the stab in my chest at seeing her in so much pain. She's like a mom to me and this is breaking my damn heart.

Iz reaches over and takes Myra's hand, too.

"I just wonder if we'd paid more attention to her pain if she'd have done this." Myra opens her eyes and they're brimming with tears. "No parent should have to bury their child. The day we lost Cam, half of my soul was brutally ripped out. Of all the people, my boy was taken. My beautiful, bright boy. My world was destroyed. I asked so many times why it was him. I didn't understand why he had to go. He was so young, so ready for what life had to throw at him, and none of us realized what it was throwing was a curveball. And one hell of a curveball. I was so caught up in my own pain I forgot she was hurting too."

"Myra-"

"No. For so long I've tried to keep it inside to keep strong for her, but it hasn't worked." She shakes her head, tears pouring down her cheeks. "She saw the crash and she was the one there when he died. She had that moment and her alone. If he had to spend that with anyone, I'm glad it was her. He loved her more than I've ever known someone to love another person. But we all forgot that. We hurt so much we forgot she was the one who watched him die. Our last memory of him alive is a happy one, but hers is watching that life drain from him. Roxy has suffered so much."

"Myra Hughes, you listen to me right now!" Iz slaps the table. "That god awful day you all lost him. Not just you, not just Roxy. You all lost him, okay? You all had - and still do have - a right to grieve for him in whichever way you feel necessary. Sophia Loren once said that having a child was letting a piece of your heart walk around outside your body, or something like that anyway, and if shutting yourself off was the way of dealing with losing that part of your heart forever, then damn.

"You deserve that. And that's okay. You're allowed to cry and you're allowed to think of no one but yourself. If I even feel half the pain you do, then again, damn! You are allowed to hurt and you don't ever feel guilty for that.

"Roxy didn't pick the right way to grieve. And she isn't even grieving. She's fighting against it - she's sending herself into oblivion god knows how many times a week because she doesn't want to remember. Not because of anything you and Ray did or didn't do. She picked this path. She picked forgetting over grieving and it isn't a long term solution. I'd imagine it works great for a while, but now it must be getting tedious, even for her."

"I just don't know what we're supposed to do." Myra breaks down now. She snatches her hands back and leans onto the table, burying her face in her arms. Her shoulders shakes, and for a moment, the only sound is the echo of her sobbing around the cafe.

I stand, walk around the table, and wrap my arms around her neck from behind her. I hug her. I don't know what else to do. This woman who treated me like her own for my whole life, the one who was there when I couldn't talk to my own mom about girl stuff, she's heartbroken. She's lost one child and in her mind, she's losing another.

"We're back now," I reassure her. "You know we'll help."

"Kyle's already dragged her away from what - two parties?" Iz looks at me.

I release Myra, grin, and nod. "Boy did she kick off. So fun."

My cell buzzes in my pocket and I pull it out. Roxy.

"Hey," I answer.

"Kyle." She giggles. "I need a flavor. No. That's not right. I need a... A..."

"A favor?"

"Yes!" She giggles again. "I'm, um, kind of stuck in Portland. And I kind of am a little dunk."

"You mean drunk."

"That's it! See. You always know what I mean." Another giggle.

Iz, Myra and Ray all look at me.

"So you want me to drive to Portland and haul your ass back here?"

"No hauling needed. I'm coming willingly this time. Coming. Hah!" Another giggle. Jesus... She must be really drunk.

"Where are you?" I sigh.

"I am... I'm at McDonalds. Mmm, burger."

"Is Selena with you?"

"No, silly. She's at home. Boring boring booooring!"

"Okay. Are you alone?"

"No. I have this little Transformers guy from my Happy Meal."

I don't know if I should laugh or not.

"It's Bumbleybee. He's cuh-rap."

"Okay, Roxy. Stay wherever you are and I'll come find you."

"Stay here? Right here?"

"Yep. Right where you are."

"What if I need to pee?"

Is she for real? "You can go anywhere as long as you don't leave the restaurant."

"Okay." She hangs up as abruptly as she called.

I stare at my phone and look at Myra. "Looks like I'm going to give your wayward daughter a ride home from Portland."

~

"What took you so long?"

Roxy's sitting in a booth in the back corner, her back to the window and her feet up on the seat. She's holding a tiny toy I'm guessing is Bumblebee, and her eyes are focused on it.

"Hour long drive, remember?" I pick her feet up, sit next to her, and rest her legs over my lap.

"And you drove it just to get me."

"Looks that way, doesn't it?"

She spins the small doll. "Because it's what Cam would have wanted."

I ignore the bitterness in the statement and focus on the sadness she thinks she's hidden from me.

"No," I reply. "I came because you asked me to."

Blue eyes meet mine. "Why?"

"Roxy, you have to know by now I'll always do whatever you ask me to." I put my finger open her open mouth to stop her replying. "Because it's what I want to do. Not for Cam. For me. Okay?"

She nods, closing her mouth, and I drop my hand.

"Bumblebee was his favorite," she whispers. "I ordered the stupid meal because I wanted him, but it's not right. Cam should be sitting across from me and he should have stolen the damn toy before I had a chance to get it out of the plastic packet."

"Like you used to do until you got all the Furbys that time."

"Exactly like that." Roxy's lips twitch despite the sniff she gives. "I bought it, thinking if I got Bumblebee I could give him to Cam. Then I sat down and remembered. I remembered he won't ever be around to take him."

"Roxy," I whisper, sliding up the seat and wrapping my arms around her. She curls into me as tears begin to fall from her eyes.

"How could I forget, Kyle? How could I forget he's dead? Fucking dead!"

I sink my hand into her hair and hold her tighter. She shakes, and her tears soak through my shirt. I have no answer for her.

"Let's go." She sits up and mascara streaks her cheeks. "I want to go home."

"Hang on." I stroke my thumbs under her eyes. Seeing her cry breaks me. Her eyes are wide as I try to get rid of the black streaks. They're wide and wet, shining under the harsh lights of the restaurant. Another tear drops out and I catch it with my thumb, swiping it away. I bring my lips to her forehead and touch them to her skin, leaving a gentle kiss there, before getting up and sliding her along the seat.

"Come on," I say. "Let's get you home, Roxanne Jane Hughes."

She scowls but lets me pull her up. "Fine, Kyle Michael Daniels."

I grin. I quite like the way my full name rolls off her tongue. I also like the way my tongue rolls off hers...

We climb into my car and she fiddles with the radio as I pull away from the parking lot. And she fiddles with the radio. And again. And again. I grit my teeth at the constant buzzing and searching as she twiddles the dial for forty-five minutes. I have no idea how I've put up with it for so long.

"Roxy. What are you doing?"

She drops her hand like the radio is burning her and looks at her hands in her lap. "Um. I don't want to go home," she whispers.

"But you said-"

"I want to go home to Verity Point, but not to my house."

"Your mom is worried sick about you, you know."

"When isn't she?" she snaps. "I don't want to go home."

Fucking hell. I thought the girls at college were firecrackers, but Roxy would give them a run for their money. Her temper fires up quicker than a bush fire in the outback.

"Want me to pull over then? Sure you'd be comfy on the side of the road."

"I take back what I said before. You're not always a jackass, but when you are you're a prize one."

"Great. I'm right up your street, then."

"What happened to "I'll do whatever you ask?""

"I take back what I said before," I throw her words back at her. "I'll do whatever you ask when I feel like it."

"You just climbed another rung on the jackass ladder."

"Awesome." I pull up outside my house and turn to her. "Does that mean I'll get to f**k you one day?"

She opens her mouth to reply but no words come out. Instead she stares at me, her whole body frozen with shock. Good. That's the response I was hoping for.

I get out of the car, slam the door, and walk around to her side. I yank her door open. "Are you getting out or you sitting in my car all night?"

"I can't believe you just said that."

"I'm sorry - is that right reserved for fully trained jackasses?"

Roxy climbs out of the car with fire in her eyes and jabs a finger in my chest. "You're a real prick sometimes, you know that?"

"Yep." I grin slowly. "And you love it."

"I don't. I f**king hate it." She storms past me.

"Only because I'm the only person that can shut you up."

She pauses on my doorstep. "I've been shut up many ways, Kyle. Many ways."

She's f**king with me again. She knows it and I know it. I don't know what it is but she just can't help herself. No matter what happens we always end up back here, both of us fighting. The problem is, I love pissing her off. If she's pissed off she's not hiding from me.

My long strides swallow up my front yard and I stop behind her. I wrap my arm around her waist and pull her back into me. Her back slams into my chest, and I reach up and pull her hair to the side. My lips move close to her exposed ear, and she shivers.

"I've told you before. Don't f**k with me, Roxy. Don't even try it. Stop playing your little games with me, because you won't win."

She swallows and takes a deep breath, her back heaving against me.

"Oh - and I can shut you up. And you know I can do it f**king good. Keep giving me your shit and I just might have to remind you of that."

She really does take a deep breath this time, and her whole body goes tight. My fingers are splayed over her taut stomach, and she turns her face into mine. Her eyes are bright in the darkness when they meet mine, and her voice is breathy.

"Is that a threat?"

"No. It's a promise." I release her stomach and push my front door open. "Get in."

"You're not taking me home?"

"Roxy, you asked me not to so I'm not going to. You can stay here tonight. And quite frankly, I'm reaching the point where I don't care if you stay in my sister's room or mine, so get your ass in and go and find her before I make your f**king mind up for you."

Her staying in my room would be disastrous since I have kissing her on the brain and a growing hard on inside my pants.

She scoots inside and I follow her up the stairs, knocking on Iz's door at the top.

"What do you want?" my sister calls through.

"Present for you."

"If it's another stink bomb you can suck it."

I glance at Roxy and smirk. "No, but she's definitely a ticking bomb with her temper."

She smacks me. I grin.

Iz opens the door and looks at Roxy. "I guess we're having a sleepover. Good job I raided Kyle's stash of candy."

"Bitch," I mutter, turning to my room before I change my mind about Roxy's sleeping arrangements.

Chapter Thirteen - Roxy

"Mothereff," I mutter, looking at the mug of coffee attached to the end of Iz's arm. "My head hurts."

"That's because you were hammered last night," Kyle wanders into her room.

"Dude, we could have been naked in here!" Iz cries at him.

He smirks and points to me. "Take it." Then at her. "Leave it."

"Go f**k yourself," I mutter. Yep, I'm still sore from yet another fight between us last night.

"Still giving me shit, Rox?" His eyes twinkle.

"I'll give you shit until you realize you can't shut me up for longer than five minutes." I chuck the covers off, sit up, and take the mug from Iz.

Kyle's eyes flick to my legs and travel up my body. "There are alternatives to shutting you up, now I think about it."

"Can you just control it for five minutes?" Iz shoves him toward her door. "Take your sexually active mind and go and get yourself off or something."

He laughs as she slams the door behind him and shakes her head at me.

"How do you put up with that?" she asks me.

"I play him at his own game. It works for a while." I shrug and sip the hot coffee.

It works until he touches me and whispers something in my ear. Then he unravels me, tearing me apart until it takes everything I have to step away from him. Last night was particularly testing. I cried, we fought, then he turned on the sexy. And f**k, can he turn on the sexy.

There's nothing more dangerous than a guy who knows how to turn you on with his words alone.

Kyle knows exactly what to say and when to say it. Hell, he knows how to say it, from the speed he talks to the inflections he puts on words.

He's such a bastard.

"He's such a horny teenage boy it scares me," Iz mutters. "Anyway. Finish that coffee, get dressed, and let's get out of this house."

I glare at her, and she grins.

Yes, boss.

~

"You've got hearts in your eyes." Selena smirks.

"You need to lay off the cartoons, idiot." I throw a fry at her.

"She's right," Iz agrees. "You have a crush on my brother."

I turn to her. "Says the one who's had her eyes glued to Si's butt for the last half an hour."

"He has a nice ass. What can I say?"

"Dude. That's my cousin!" Selena makes a gagging noise.

"I have to listen to my brother and Roxy bitching at each other ten times a day. I never thought I'd say this." Iz looks at me. "But I almost wish you'd just go away and get it over with."

"So many things are wrong with that statement," I reply. "Mostly you telling me I need to sleep with your brother. Which, by the way, isn't going to happen."

Selena grins and glances at Kyle. "Oh yes," she says dryly. "Because that would be absolutely f**king horrific to sleep with him. Who in their right mind would be attracted to that body and those eyes?"

I narrow my own eyes. "I never said I wasn't attracted to him."

"No need to be pissed off because she's pointing what most other girls in this town think," Iz whispers in my ear.

"I am not pissed off!"

She grins.

"Come on, Rox," Selena says with amusement. "Just go over there, run him down, and slap your lips on his. I bet he has a killer kiss."

My cheeks flush, and I know it's given me away when her eyes widen.

"Clearly I missed something! You kissed him?"

"He kissed me," I correct her. "So I told him to, but whatever. I was drunk."

"And that was it? Just once?"

"Just once."

"Liar, liar, pants on fire!" Iz sings immaturely. "You're lying!"

"I am not!" I protest. "Once."

"Then why are your eyes flicking to the right? And why are you touching your nose?"

"I thought eyes went to the left." Selena frowns.

"Depends what hand you write with," Iz tells her. "Left is for lefties, right for righties. Don't ask me why. Point is, you, Roxy Hughes, are a big fat liar!"

"Twice!" I lie again, sitting on my hands. "Twice, okay?"

"Your mouth is twitching."

"Three times!" I throw my arms in the air. "I can't believe you're interrogating me about kissing your brother."

And now I'm looking at him and thinking about him kissing him again. His body against mine, his lips against my ear, his breath across my skin, and I'm wondering what skin on skin would feel like. I'm wondering what it would be like to have sex with someone I actually care about and who cares about me.

I'm wondering what it would be like to have sex with someone because I actually want to. Because it's an all-consuming, demanding need to do it. Because if I don't feel them, if I don't give in to the screaming inside my body whenever he's around, I'll go crazy.

Kyle will break my jackass rule. No doubt about it.

"Hey..." Iz says slowly.

"Hm?"

"Wanna do something crazy?"

Selena and I look at each other. "Like what?" Selena asks.

Iz pulls her keys from her pocket. "Let's run off to Portland and get a tattoo."

"That's your crazy idea? I have two."

"So get a third." I shrug. My eyes flick to the guys playing football. Okay. Kyle. "Let's go."

~

I hide my hand in the sleeve of my lightweight cardigan as we join Kyle, Ben and Si for dinner. The bandage covering Selena's star on her foot is exposed by her sandals, and Iz's bandage on her thigh is poking out from the bottom of her shorts.

"Where did you go?" Si looks at us.

"Nowhere," Selena replies.

"Nice try." His eyes flick to her foot and Iz's leg. "Another one?"

"Three. I have three, Si. I'm not exactly a walking coloring book."

Kyle's lips curve up. "You got tattoos?"

"One each." I touch my hand.

"What did you get?"

I smile and shake my head.

"Good luck," Iz mutters and grabs a menu. "I couldn't even get it out of her. She wouldn't let us see."

"Why not?" Kyle tilts his head to one side, and I shrug.

"I just don't want to share it yet."

He gets up and walks around the table.

"What are you doing?"

"I want to see it." His eyes are twinkling playfully.

"No." I get up and walk backward around the table. "It's mine."

"Show me."

"No!" I half-shriek it as I just escape his grasp and run across the cafe. I yank the door open and round the side of the cafe, laughing. My stomach is clenching with how hard I'm laughing at him, so hard I almost miss him stopping in front of me.

Almost. There's no way I could miss his lips taking mine again.

He holds my face to his. "Back there. You smiled like you haven't in a long time. I haven't heard you laugh like that either."

"So?" I open my eyes to his.

"So I liked it," he mumbles, curving his hand round my head. "I like this Roxy. Always have."

Warmth spreads through my body. I reach up on tiptoes and kiss him - the first time I've kissed him. He always comes to me, but this is my moment. His words have reminded me I'm worth more than I think.

I grasp onto his collar with my bandaged hand and press our bodies together. His fingers splay out on my back and I revel in his touch. He reminds me I didn't die that night. A part of me, a big part, is still living.

"Birds," I whisper. "Five birds."

"Can I see?"

Slowly, I peel the bandage from my left wrist and hand. There, on the side of my hand and wrist, is five tiny birds in flight. Each one with their own meaning, each as important as the other.

"Any reason for the birds?"

I look at the red rimmed tattoo. "They all mean something to me. One for grief, one for moving on, one for acceptance, one for freedom, and one for... love."

Kyle takes my hand in his and rubs the pad of his thumb across the skin above the tattoo. His eyes raise from my hand to mine, and his gaze holds me.

He whispers, "It's perfect."

"Yep."

He's silent for a moment, just stroking my hand, and then he pulls me to him. I wrap my arms around his waist as his go around mine, and I breathe in his distinctive scent. Calvin Klein is suddenly my new favorite smell.

"Let's go," he says into my hair.

"We're having dinner."

"So? We haven't ordered. Let's go."

"Where?"

"Who cares?"

Chapter Fourteen - Kyle

"The gorge," she whispers. "Let's go there."

I take my arms from her waist and grab her hand. "Quickly. Before anyone notices us." I tug her after me.

She giggles. "Like anyone will care."

"My sister."

"Least of all her." Roxy's blue eyes are shining with a happiness I really haven't seen in a while as she looks up at me. "She told me this morning I should sleep with you."

"You should." The words blurt out before I can stop them and she freezes.

"You're not a jerk."

"Exactly." I pull her into the woods. Toward me. "I know how to do something other than f**k a girl like she's worthless."

"Even if she is?" Her voice is quiet.

"Roxy." I wrap my arm around her waist again and tilt her face up so her eyes are on mine. "Nothing about you is worthless. You are worth everything."

She swallows, blinks harshly, and threads her fingers through mine when she pulls away. "I knew you'd play the field at college."

Hey there. "Are you calling me man whore?" I smirk and let her pull me along.

She shrugs. "Fraternity," is all she responds. Like that's a good reason. Actually... I remember Braden and Aston before their asses were tamed.

"I'm no man whore." I close the short distance between us and wrap my arms around her shoulders from behind.

"I don't believe you." Her cheeks twitch with her smile and her face turns into mine.

I move my lips to her ear. "You don't need to be a man whore to know how to make love to someone well enough. You just need the right girl."

My carefully chosen words have the effect on her I wasn't expecting. She swallows again and lets out a deep breath with a tremble. Huh. Seems Miss-Casual-Fuck isn't quite so okay with the idea of something realer.

"You win," she breathes out. "Point taken."

I grin and release her again. Not because I want to - but because she needs to be able to walk properly. If I could, I'd keep her against me all damn day. It'd certainly be easier for me when I decide to talk her down from her little antics. She's gonna try to run a mile.

"Did you bring me here deliberately?" She looks at me with raised eyebrows.

"Where?" I glance around and notice the pool Cam pushed her in a few years ago. "Ah. No."

"I don't believe you."

"Seriously. I was too busy looking at various parts of your body."

She barks out a laugh and slaps my chest, making me grin. "Prove it."

What is it with this girl and challenging me at every turn?

"You asked for it."

I spin her into a large tree near to us and meld our bodies together. My lips crash into hers, and I sink into the softness of her body. I half expect her to push me away, but she doesn't. She grabs the sides of my shirt, winds her fingers in the material, and holds me to her. Her tongue flicks out against mine, teasing me, and she grazes my bottom lip with her teeth.

I cup the back of her head with one hand and slide my other across her back and down. My fingers curve round her ass, pulling her hips into mine. She makes a small whimpering sound in the back of her throat and I swear to God, all the blood in my body rushes down to my dick. My erection presses into her stomach. She shifts against me, moving ever closer, and knocks my hand from her head. Her hands guide mine to her thighs, and I get it.

Her tongue dives into my mouth as I lift her with only the tree supporting her. Her legs wrap around my waist, her feet locking at my back, and she grabs the back of my head. I run my hands along her thighs, my thumbs teasing at the apex of them, and she pushes herself into me.

I want this girl. Fuck, I do. I want her more than I've ever wanted anyone else in my life, and if she was anything less than everything to me I'd take her up against this tree in a split second.

But she is. She's everything. And when I do have her it'll be somewhere I can explore every inch of her body the way it should be explored.

"Roxy," I whisper against her jaw. "We have to stop."

She lets a long, shaky breath escape from between her swollen lips. "Why?"

I lower her to the ground slowly and push her hair from her face with a kiss to her forehead. "We just do, okay?"

I'm not about to tell her we have to stop because I'm worried one time is all it will take to make me fall in love with her.

~

"Protect her."

"What do you mean?"

"If anything happens to me-"

"Don't be a dick, Cam. Nothing's going to happen to you."

"Nah... You don't know what's round the corner, man. One day you could be all happy and shit, and the next lying on a hospital bed while your family says goodbye."

"That's some deep shit."

"Fuck off. I'm just sayin', alright? Roxy means the world to me, you know that. So if anything happens to me, ever, make sure you look after her little ass. She'd be lost without me."

"Alright."

"Promise me, man. Promise me you'll be there for her. You're the one guy I trust her with."

"I promise. I'll always look out for her and protect her little ass."

We were fourteen and it was like we both knew. Even then. Like he knew he wouldn't be around for her. Like I knew I'd eventually fall in love with her. And what a tidy f**king package it looks, eh?

He dies. I come riding in to save the day. She cries on my shoulder. We fall in love.

Maybe if it was a movie. Maybe even a book. But this shit is real and it's never gonna fit in a pretty little box. I was six months too late to save the day, she kicked my ass before she cried on my shoulder, and we either argue or make out. If only it was as easy as it looks to anyone outside.

"Right," Iz shakes her hair out. "I'm going to the cafe. Myra mentioned something about a job."

"You have a job," I say dumbly.

"In Miami, moron. Funnily enough, this is Oregon."

"Alright. I get it."

"See you later!" She opens the door but pauses before she walks through it, flicking a sassy glance over her shoulder. "Don't do anything I wouldn't!"

"Free reign then," Roxy mutters at the slam of the door.

I laugh and pat the sofa behind me. She raises an eyebrow.

"Why are you sitting on the floor?"

"Scamp kept dropping his ball on the floor instead of my lap. I couldn't be bothered to bend down every time so I'm on the floor." I grab the blue ball and nod to the sleeping terrier in the corner. "Stupid animal."

"Hey. He's adorable. Until he humps my leg." She sits behind me. I lean my head back to look at her.

"You know dogs take after their owners, right?"

"Yeah, I can see it. Your dad is kinda cute."

I laugh and grab her legs. They hook over my arms and she bends forward, her hair tickling the bare skin on my shoulders.

"Your hair tickles."

"Put a shirt on then," she fires back with a grin.

"You don't really mean that." I tickle her legs. She says nothing. "Roxy." She grins wider. "Do you?"

"No," she finally gives in. "It would solve the problem though."

"Who said there was a problem? I'd like your hair to tickle me in all kinds of places."

"Kyle!" She slaps my chest and I laugh. I love winding her up.

"What?"

"Pig."

"Eh, it's better than jerk."

Her legs tighten. "Do we have to go there again?"

I wish we didn't. "As much as I hate talking about the pricks you've been spending nights with, yes."

"In case you've forgotten, I haven't spent the night with anyone except your sister since you came home."

I turn to face her. I know my face is like stone - my jaw is tight. "I should f**king hope not. But it's not the only problem," my voice softens at the end.

She draws in a sharp breath and her eyes shoot daggers at me. "You've been speaking to my parents."

I'm not saying anything. She knows it's true. No point confirming or denying it.

"I can't believe this." She pulls her legs up and moves to the other side of the sectional.

"I spoke to them because I wanted to know."

"Then talk to me instead!"

"I've tried. Every time you tell me to f**k off because you don't care. Well here's some news for you, Rox, I care!"

She shakes her head. "Because you always want to talk about Cam. I've done that, okay? I've done what you wanted when you did. The memories, the movie night... I can't take any more than that."

"Fine. No talking about Cam. Will you talk now?"

Nothing. She says nothing. I climb up on the sofa next to her and grab her hands.

"There's nothing to talk about," she says weakly.

"Besides the drinking and drugs."

"I hardly use drugs."

"Hardly isn't good enough. It should be f**king never, Rox. Never."

She takes her hands from mine and runs them through her hair. "There's no way to talk about this without bringing him up, is there?"

"Looks like you have to pull on some big girl panties and get the hell on with it, then."

"I'm not-"

"Seven months," I interrupt her. "Seven months and you still can't talk about it? I'm not expert on grief but you're taking the piss. You don't want to talk about him. There's a damn big difference between can't and won't."

"I was there the moment he died. Of course I won't talk about it. I don't want to remember that moment."

"If anyone had to be there it should have been you. You were the love of his life. In his eyes no one even came close to his baby sister. But you're not the Roxy he loved." Her heart is breaking in her eyes and I hate I'm the person doing this to her. But she has to listen. I need to talk her down from her games. I'm probably going about it all wrong, but it's hard to substitute what I want to say with what's right to say. "The Roxy he loved never would have done everything you have since he died. She would have been there with her parents, getting through it together."

"The Roxy he loved died when he did."

"Bullshit. She's still in there. I see her when you're with me. When it's just us, she's there. Now this is the new Roxy - the person you think you want to be. She lives for nothing but all the shit you're destroying yourself with."

She stands. "Destroying myself?"

I look up at her. "You are, aren't you? How many nights can't you remember? How many names of guys do you know? How much can you drink in one go?"

"That's nothing to do with you."

"Yeah it is. It's everything to do with me."

"You're not my brother!"

My eyes flick to her lips and back to her eyes. "Obviously I'm nothing close to your brother."

Her eyes harden. "And it makes sense." She turns and walks from the room.

"Wait. What makes sense?" I jump up from the sofa and go after her. "Roxy!"

She stops at the door, her head down, her fingers holding tightly to the handle. "Everything since you've been back. Taking me from the parties, taking me to the gorge, holding me when I cried... kissing me... I get it."

"I'm glad you get it. I don't."

The door opens forcefully. "Everything was to stop me destroying myself, wasn't it? It was for my parents and for the promise you made Cam."

I stare at her in disbelief in as she walks to her car. "Not true. Not one damn bit, Roxy."

She opens her car door and looks at me. "We both know it's true." She gets in the car and starts the engine.

"Roxy!" I step outside when she pulls away. "Roxy!"

Her car disappears and Scamp yaps inside. I shut the door and lean against it.

How can she really think that? How can she think everything was for everyone else?

And I get it. I get what she thinks.

I spoke to her parents. I made a promise to her brother to always look out for her. Now I am, and she doesn't think I actually care about her the way I do. She thinks the week since she demanded I kiss her has all been a bunch of crap.

And when she looked at me just then, before she got in the car. When she looked at me her eyes weren't shining in anger. They were shining because she was crying. The last week has been as real to her as it has to me.

I'm shoved away as the door opens.

"Okay so Roxy just flew out of here like her ass was on fire and you're standing with a face like a smacked one. What the hell happened in the twenty minutes I've been gone?" Iz kicks a toy toward the dog and stares at me.

Fuck.

I rub my hands down my face and look at my sister. Concern is glaring from her eyes.

"I f**ked up, Iz. I f**ked up royally."

Chapter Fifteen - Roxy

Everything. Everything has been a great big lie to him and now I don't know who my heart hurts more for. Cam or Kyle. I don't know whether it hurts more for the love lost or the one never had. I don't know which it's supposed to hurt more for.

My mouth is dry and my head is banging. I went straight to Layla's after leaving Kyle's yesterday and a part of me regrets it when I think of him. Until I remember he cares only because he's obligated to. Because he promised he would.

But it felt so real. Every touch and every kiss from him felt as real as the ones I gave. There was that twinkle in our eyes with every smile we shared. Maybe I should have told him the reason I haven't been with anyone since he got home isn't because he stopped me, rather because the only person I want to be with is him. Maybe it wouldn't have made a difference.

Maybe it would have.

"Please smile." Iz hands me a dress. "Between you and my brother I think I'm getting depressed."

I smile sadly and hang the red dress back up. "I'm fine."

"Right. And I'm the president. You're not gonna tell me what happened are you? I bugged him all day yesterday and he's refusing."

"I don't want to talk about it."

"Roxy."

"Iz, please. I just..."

She looks at a dress and shakes her head. "It's none of my business. I know that. But you two are my favorite people in the world. Kyle pisses me off something chronic sometimes, but he's still my brother. I don't need my major to know you care about each other. Hell, I don't need my major to know you've cared about him for a lot longer than anyone realizes."

I open my mouth and close it again.

"I also don't need it to see something big happened. I just want you to be happy. Both of you. And all this to-ing and fro-ing is giving me a headache."

"Okay." I grab a pair of light skinny jeans from the rail and put them over my arm. "Can we forget about it now? It's your birthday."

"As long as you promise to talk to him tonight."

Great. I grit my teeth together. "Fine. I'll talk to him later."

"Thank you." She smiles. Her eyes travel to the jeans over my arm. "Jeans?"

I finger the hem of them. "I just don't feel like dressing up too much tonight."

"Smile, Rox. He's an ass sometimes, but he's a loveable ass."

"That's the problem," I whisper to myself when Iz heads into the dressing room.

~

I wriggle my toes in my heeled shoe boots and put the final clip in my hair. Selena has spent the last thirty minutes curling it, and there's about twenty slides holding it to one side. If it wasn't for the face of make-up and fancy hair, no one would guess I was going to a party. For the first time in ages, I'm dressed like the Roxy I used to be.

"You're the only person I know that can pull off double denim," Selena announces when I stand.

"It's because the pants are white," I reply and adjust the jacket. "You have to look twice to tell they're denim."

"Still. I'd look like an eighties reject if I tried it."

I look at her head of curly hair and grin.

"Already do, darling," Iz sings from the corner of the room. She stands and smooths out the crinkled pale pink material of her strapless dress.

"Holy shit. If my cousin doesn't drag you into a corner tonight I'm booking him for an eye test," Selena bursts. I giggle into my hand, more so when Iz blushes.

"If your cousin tries to drag me into a corner I'll-"

"Willingly follow him there for him to have his wicked way!" I finish with a dramatic flair.

"Shut up!" Iz throws her pillow at me, and I catch it.

"I don't hear you denying it. Did you, Leney?"

My blonde bombshell shakes her head. "No denial heard here, Roxy."

"We have you all worked out, Ms. Daniels."

"You two." Iz points her finger at us threateningly before throwing her arms in the air. "You're incorrigible."

I tilt my head to the side with a sassy smile on my face. "It's why you love us."

"Right." She rolls her eyes, but she knows it's true. Despite her being two years older than us, the three of us have been through thick and thin together. "At least you've cheered up."

"She hasn't seen Kyle yet." Selena catches the lip gloss I throw at her. "Hey, thanks."

"She's right. Who knows what kind of mood I'll be in then?"

I'll probably be reminded of the sting in my chest.

"We should move and find out," Iz replies. "The sooner you two kiss and make up, the sooner we can all be happy and get drunk."

"I'm not getting drunk," I reply automatically. They both look at me, Selena more shocked than Iz. "What? I don't want my parents on my butt about my drinking. My dad will have his eye on me tonight, and I don't feel like having yet another argument about my supposed "bad girl" behavior."

"You've always been pretty badass, if I'm honest." Selena opens the door.

"Yeah, I mean, no one expected quiet little Roxanne Hughes to be such a hot cookie before." Iz shrugs.

I roll my eyes. "Puh-lease. I was never quiet - I just had a lot of shit I kept inside. Now I'm letting all that noise out."

"That's what she tells her one-nighters," Selena stage-whispers to Iz.

Despite my annoyance at that comment, I smile and elbow her. "Bitch."

"True though."

"I never told them much of anything." I link my arm through hers and we turn in the direction of the village hall. "Does anyone feel like we're ten again? I mean, wasn't that the last time we had a party in the village hall?"

Iz shrieks a laugh. "Wasn't that my twelfth birthday? I seem to remember us all using those fake tattoos you put on with water. Cam walked in on us putting them on our asses and insisted on telling everyone."

"We all had our asses viewed that night," Selena muses.

"What - are you putting those on your bums?" Cam had laughed like a crazy child.

"Oh my God!" Iz yelled. We all scrambled to put our pants back up as he ran away. We could hear him yelling to anyone who would listen we were tattooing our bums, and all three of us went back out with red faces.

"You put a tattoo on your butt?" Kyle looked at us all. "Really?"

"They did. Furby ones." Cam cackled.

"Go away!" I shouted. "Stop being so mean."

"We're not being mean," Kyle protested. "I'm only asking, Roxy."

"Well don't, ratface," Iz shoved him.

We turned to walk away. All we heard was the count to three and our pants were pulled down. Our butts were on show to everyone in the hall, and all Cam and Kyle did was laugh at us.

My lips twitch. "He was such a shit. Him and Kyle - they were the worst. And before you went to high school, Iz, they paid some kid who'd just moved from Utah to set off the fire bell."

"That was them?!" Iz stops.

I nod. "I was there when they did it and I was given detention every night until I told Principal Gough who it was."

"Did you?"

"Yep. He kept me after school every day for two weeks and I told him as I walked out the door on the last day."

"Man," Selena whistles. "I bet he was pissed."

"Not as pissed as Kyle and Cam were." I push against the village hall door. "They thought they'd got away with it. Man, that was a sweet moment." I grin and we walk into the hall.

We're the last to arrive - like anyone is surprised - and we stop when we see the place. It's only Iz's twentieth, but this could rival her sweet sixteenth, and will need some topping for next year. Silver and pink ribbons hang from the ceiling. A DJ is set up in one corner, and in another is tables laden with all kinds of food. In the center of the food table is a four tier, pale pink cake with silver butterflies and dark pink flowers. Her parents have transformed the dreary old hall into something fan-fucking-tastic.

"Wow," the three of us say in unison.

Selena and I stand by as everyone in Verity Point comes and wishes Iz a happy birthday. I play with the ends of my hair and smile as I watch one of my best friends surrounded by people that love her.

There's so much love and joy in this room it's almost bursting. It feels corny, like it should be in a movie, but it's true. We all suffered a tragedy months ago, my family the most, but we all suffered. We all loved Cam and we all had our hearts broken when he died, but now... Now I'm reminded of what Verity Point is.

It's a community. A place where there's always someone with a kind word, a joke to put a smile on your face, a hand to hold. When times get tough we stick together. We get out the superglue, glue our hands, and link our fingers. We laugh together, we smile together, we cry together.

So many times I've berated living in a tiny village just off the Columbia Gorge. So many times I've cursed the lack of amenities here. So many times I've bitched and moaned about our tiny, woods surrounded community.

But watching my best friend of a lifetime swamped in love, I realize how much I love this place.

Two familiar hands settle on my waist, and my heart skips a beat involuntarily.

"What are you doing?" I hiss at Kyle as he tugs me away from everyone.

"I want to talk to you," he says in my ear. He takes my hand and pulls me outside.

"You've already made yourself clear."

His strong hands spin me into him. My fingers rest against his chest and I look up at him.

"No. I haven't. Not by a long f**king shot, Roxy."

I step back from him. "Kyle, this is your sister's birthday. Do we really have to argue here?"

"The only person arguing is you."

I cover my eyes with my hand. My heart has gotten over its stuttering and is thudding dangerously loud in my chest. If I don't get away from him, the tears threatening in the back of my eyes might just spill over.

"I'm not arguing with you. Not tonight. Can we just pretend to get along for your sister's sake?"

He sighs, his features illuminated by the waning sun. "After all these years, you think we need to pretend? After the last week, you think we need to?"

I don't answer that.

"Exactly. This isn't a game, okay?"

"I never said it was."

"Good, because you'd be wrong. You know you're good at being wrong don't you? Even when you think you're right."

I narrow my eyes at him. "What the f**k does that mean?"

He takes a step toward me and takes a lock of my hair between his finger and thumb. "Rox... When you left the other day, you said I didn't care. You said everything lately was a lie. You were wrong, okay? I do care - and not because of your parents or Cam. I care because I care." He reaches up and moves a curl from my face. I flick my eyes from the floor to his gaze. "I care because it's you."

"Okay," I say quietly. I step back from him and walk into the hall. There's a lump in my throat as I swallow. He cares because it's me. Cam's sister. That's all. I wish it wasn't true, but is. I can't kid myself anymore.

My eyes scour the hall. My parents aren't here yet - Mom will be closing the cafe still. Thank God. I find Selena by the drinks table.

"No," she says as I approach.

"One," I beg. "Come on, Leney. I'm behaving tonight."

Her eyes flit across my face for a mere moment before she gives in. "Fine. But I'm pouring."

"Fine." I cross my arms and watch as she puts a smidge of vodka in a glass. "You're taking the piss, Leney."

"Give her a little more," Iz insists as she wraps an arm around my shoulders. "Don't be boooooooring, Leney."

I grin smugly.

Selena puts a little more alcohol in my glass and tops it up with coke. There we go. I've suddenly changed my mind on my no drinking policy for the night. The more I can drink before my parents arrive, the better. There's not enough vodka for it to burn my throat as it goes down, but a few Selena-Measures and I'll be good.

The party goes on around me. The twins seem to have coerced their fancy-man from the weekend to hang around, and even old Mr. Yeo is chilling in a corner. Iz is flirting with Si in another corner, Selena is dancing with Ben, and everyone is wrapped up in their own thing. And I'm sitting in the corner, watching people come and go, watching people take drink after drink.

Watching Kyle lean against the wall, his feet crossed at the ankles, his arms folded across his chest, and his eyes focused on me.

Shivers snake through my body. His gaze is hot, and I'm pretty sure it's the cause of my shivers. The party is still going but, after three sneaky drinks, all I can see is him. All I can feel is him. For the hundred people between us, there may as well just be us.

The effect he has on me is incredible. A tiny part of me has always belonged to him, but now it feels like all of me does. He's branded into every part of me body, his stare searing into my skin and spreading heat through my body. For so long I laughed at the girls that said they had The One. For so long I've imagined it was bullshit, imagined Kyle as a girlish crush, almost. And I was wrong.

I was so wrong. Every single f**king time.

I'm the first to admit I can be naive. I can be stupid and impulsive and thoughtless. But I've never been so right about anything in my life.

Kyle Daniels is my One. He is The One. Capital f**king letters and all.

I slam my empty glass down on the table next to me. The need to get away from this place, from his penetrating gaze, is more than I can take. I can't fight it the thread pulling me to him anymore, so I leave the hall and I step into the night. Home. My heels click against the sidewalk as I head toward my house.

"What is it about you?" His voice drifts to me through the night. "What is it about you that keeps me coming back no matter how many times I try to walk away?"

I stop. "My brother." I call the words over my shoulder.

"No. Not Cam. In fact, I think he'd kill me if he knew what I was thinking right now."

My feet come to a standstill. Walk, you motherfuckers!

"I've tried to work it out since I got back. Every day I've sat and tried to figure out what it is, the reason I can't stay away from you, and you know what? I can't. I don't have a goddamn f**king clue, Rox. Except you. Whatever it is, you keep me coming back over and over again."

Breathe. "Go back inside, Kyle."

Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. He stops behind me. "I've tried. Fuck, Rox! Don't you think I've tried to walk away from you? Don't you think I've tried to stop this crazy shit in my head? I've succeeded, so many times, but not this time. This time I don't wanna stop it."

I take a deep breath, not wanting to hear this. I can't hear this. "You're lying."

His hand settles on my waist. "Am I? Am I lying about the times I've thought about holding you in my arms until you're begging for more? Am I lying about the times I've held your body to mine and wished there were no clothes between us? Am I lying about needing to make love to you so bad I'm going f**king crazy with need?"

Heart. No beating. Lungs. No breathing. Mind. No thinking.

"Kyle."

Lips ghost my neck. "I've tried, Rox. I've tried so f**king hard, but it's you. I can't fight this shit anymore. All of it is true. Every goddamn word."

"You're drunk."

"Am I lying about falling for you? About your eyes being the ones I look in and your lips being the ones I kiss every day? Am I lying about your body being the one I hold, one, two, three, f**king ten times a day? Am I hell!" His voice echoes through the empty woods. "Do you know what it did to me to see you crying and knowing I'd put those tears there? I know, babe. I know you feel the same, so why don't you just admit it and put us both out of our misery?"

I can't do this. I can't stand here and listen to him. I should run. I know. But I don't.

"Why?" I turn and yell at him although he's right in front of me. My voice seems to echo in the empty village. "Why, Kyle? I'm nothing special. I'm nothing to scream from the rooftops about!"

"You are to me." He sinks his fingers into my curled hair. "I told you you were everything to me. I wasn't lying about that either. Rox, babe, believe me, for the love of God."

I press my lips to his. It could be the small amount of alcohol or it could be his words. I don't know and I don't care. I just know I want him. I need him. Four years of a crush and I can't give up now. I don't give a shit about our past or the pain we share. I just care about the guy I'm holding onto like he's all I have left in this world.

"Get on my back." He smiles slowly.

"You're kidding."

"Get on before I put you on." Kyle grins like a little kid and I stand behind him. My hands on his shoulders and his on my thighs help boost me up. I laugh. Hard.

"I feel like a six year old again." I wrap my arms round his neck.

He laughs and jogs through the woods. I cling to his back, stifling my giggles the whole way, and wonder how I can go from not wanting to be near him one minute to needing him the next. It doesn't seem right how quickly my feelings change - how quickly my mood changes around him.

His hand dips into my pocket, and he produces my house keys. The key flits into the slot of my front door and we step inside. Kyle puts it in the other side and locks it.

"Tell me now," he whispers into the silence of my house. "If I'm wrong about how you feel and you'd rather a jackass than me, tell me now."

I sink my fingers into his hair, gripping onto it. "You're the only jackass I want," I mutter against his lips.

I sweep my mouth against his and run up the stairs, sliding my jacket from my arms. Thundering steps tell me he's following me, and I can't help the laugh that leaves me when I throw my jacket to the side and run into my room. I'm not used to being chased. Every step, every pound against the wood, it sends a thrill through my body I can't explain.

Kyle catches me just inside the door. His lips are hot and forceful against mine, teasing and pulling at every part of me. I walk backward with him attached to me, and we fall onto my bed, smiling against each other's lips. Every part of my body is on fire where he's touching me and I need more. Always more. I'll never get enough where he's concerned - I've wanted him for years, and I don't know if I'll ever stop wanting him.

My br**sts are exposed as he pulls my shirt over my head. His lips leave a blazing trail across my skin, and I pull his mouth to mine again. The need to feel his skin against mine overcomes me and I slip his shirt up his back. This is hot. It's passionate. It's filled with that burning need escaping me, the one I'm sure will never be satisfied.

His shirt lands on my floor at the same time my fingertips creep below the waist of his jeans. His lips push into my neck, making every part of my skin tingle, leaving every kiss and every touch to shoot downward. My core aches, desperately, frantically, insatiably. He's doing this to me and I have to wonder if he knows. If he knows just how my body craves him.

I undo the button on his jeans and push them over his bum. There isn't a part of my body not crying out for him right now.

One of his hands slips beneath my bra when the other slips beneath the lace covering my core. His thumbs tease both my nipple and my clit, flicking and rolling until I'm so wet he'd slip inside me with ease.

And he does. Before I can curl my fingers around him, our jeans are on my floor and he's wrapping my legs around him. I take him, long and hard, clenching as he pushes ever deeper. Yet it's not enough. I need every part of him.

My hands pull his head into mine and our mouths crash together. I flick my tongue across his lips until his lips meet mine and his tongue dives into me as deeply as his dick is into me. I need to feel every inch of him. I need to feel like he's owning me completely and utterly.

I need everything he has to give to me.

And he gives me it. He gives me every bit of himself. Every stroke of his tongue, every probe of his fingers, every pound of him inside me. He gives me all of him until I can't take anymore.

My body clenches around him, clinging him to me, and I cry out. I let go of all the feelings building me and I shout into his shoulder. One, two, three, four, he pounds into me until he groans into my shoulder. Our bodies slump together, our fingers pressing to the other's skin, and we hold each other.

He was right. There is a difference between f**king and making love. And the way he slides to the side, pulling me against him like he can't bear to let me go, lets me know that was making love.

I snuggle into his chest, happiness taking hold and forming my lips into a smile. Kyle holds me tight, his chest rising and falling against mine and his heart pounding beneath my cheek, our legs twined together.

And that, the physical love we just made, wasn't the only one that happened tonight. The crush I've been convincing myself of for the last few weeks is so much more.

Chapter Sixteen - Kyle

I slide out of Roxy's bed slowly, making sure I don't wake her, and kiss her forehead. She's sleeping so peacefully. Her hair is tumbling over her shoulder and her lips are parted as she breathes deeply. I hesitate before slipping my clothes back on.

I don't want to leave.

I want to climb back in that bed and wrap my arms around her and never let go. I'm trying not to think of what her reaction will be when she wakes up alone - but I know neither of us want to explain to her parents in the morning why I'm here. My phone says it's three a.m., and I know it's too late to go where I want to, but I'm going anyway.

I hold my breath at the quiet click of her door closing and creep through the house, deliberately not looking at Cam's bedroom door. A part of him still lives in that room. A part of KyleandCam lives in that room, and it's a part I'm not ready to face yet.

I jog back through the woods and toward the cemetery. A sliver of guilt is snaking its way into my mind, but I'm clinging to the fact I know he'd rather it be me than anyone else.

If anyone had to fall in love with Roxy, he'd rather it be me.

I have to hold onto that thought.

The cemetery is closed, the gates locked, so I scale the railings on the wall that surrounds it. It takes me all of five seconds to jump over them, and I make my way to his grave. Even in the darkness it's easy. I've been here so many times in the last month, its unconscious.

I blow out a long breath as I drop in front of Cam's gravestone. So many things I want to say are rattling around in my mind. So many words and excuses that just won't come out.

So I sit here. I sit here in silence, a rock concert level of noise in my head, and I stare at his name carved into the marble. So many things are wrong here yet so many are right at the same time. Roxy and me, it's so wrong but so right. Everything over the last few weeks has been building to this moment. Every word, every looks, every touch, every kiss. They've all snowballed until tonight and it exploded between us.

There was no way I was letting her walk out of that f**king party without me. There wasn't a chance on this goddamn Earth she was going anywhere without listening to what I had to say.

She has this incredible skill of hearing but not listening, and I know that's what she did when I dragged her outside. She heard but only listened to what she wanted to - to what she believed - so when she left she was always going to listen. She was going to listen and she was going to understand me.

More importantly, she was going to damn well believe me and every word I said.

Now I'm sitting in front of my best friend's grave, wondering what he'd say. He wouldn't slap me on the back or laugh with me. He wouldn't ask for details or high five me.

He'd ask me what the f**k I was thinking sleeping with his sister. He'd go ten shades of apeshit, then he'd give me an ear battering using every cuss word he'd ever heard. Then, and only then, would he tell me he's glad it was me.

Because that's it. He'd always want it to be me. He trusted me with her and he believed I'd always keep her safe.

But it doesn't stop the guilt, and it doesn't stop the fact a part of me feels like I took advantage of him not being here. Like I planned it, no matter how many times I say I didn't.

Coming home, I never planned to sleep with Roxy. I never planned to do anything but pull her ass into line. The second time we met, I knew something more would happen. She was more than Cam's sister. She was more than anything I'd ever felt, and she still is. She's so much I don't even have the words for it.

I stay here until the sun begins to rise. The rise casts orangey hues across the sky that sneak through the leaves of the trees, bathing the cemetery in a dull light, and I stand. Then I say the only words I can. The only words that'll ever comfort him.

"Sorry, man. Guess I went and fell in love with your sister."

Chapter Seventeen - Roxy

Empty.

I sit upright and look around. He's gone. His clothes are gone. My stomach clenches and my heart pounds once painfully. Of course. I cover my eyes with my hands when my phone buzzes.

I dive over the edge of my bed, feeling under it for my cell like a woman possessed.

"Bingo!" I produce the white block and unlock it, bringing up the messages.

Didn't think you'd want to explain last night to your parents.

I smile and breathe a sigh of relief. This is Kyle, I remind myself. Kyle.

That could have been awkward, I reply.

Don't think the worst, Rox. I meant what I said last night.

I want to believe it. So I do. I believe it because it's Kyle, and I trust him with my life.

The house is silent, so I get dressed quickly and slip downstairs. I avoid Cam's door. I have to go and see him but I can't handle being around his things this morning. It's almost as if I have to explain myself to him... Even if I don't have the words to do so.

Verity Point is quiet as I wander through the village. The cemetery has just opened and I meander through the rows of headstones until I reach my brother's. I sit slowly, holding my thighs to my chest, and read the headstone over and over until I feel like I can speak.

"I wish you were here," I whisper loudly. "I wish you were here so you could tell me what to do. You're supposed to be here, hitting the guy who did what Kyle did last night. Maybe you wouldn't have hit him because it's Kyle, but whatever.

"It would be easier if you were still here. If you were I could ask you if Kyle really does care about me because of me. I think he does, but you'd know. Then I could ask you if you mind. I feel like I did when I was six and needed your Action Man for Barbie to marry because I'd lost my Ken doll. You minded then and I guess you do now, too. Just don't do any freaky haunting crap, alright? I know what you're like. You'll go all Nearly Headless Nick on me - you did say once if you be a ghost you'd be him, but that would just scare the crap out of me." I laugh quietly at the memory and swipe my cheek.

"I just miss you, y'know? I miss you being here for everything and kicking my ass every five seconds. I miss you treating me like a kid and warning off every guy who tried to date me, and I miss you going all big bro on him when you find out I dated him anyway. You were never angry at me, and while I hated you pulling that shit with other guys, I don't mind anymore. I know you were just looking out for me. I wish you could do that now. I wish you could give Kyle a shake and give him your big bro chat.

"I guess it was inevitable, though. You never told him how I felt. Hell, Cam, you shouldn't have even known. You only do because you read my diary two years ago - which, by the way, I'm still pissed at you about - but you never said anything. You never teased me about it. I didn't get it, but now I think I do. If your sister was gonna fall in love with anyone, it's only fitting she falls for the one guy you trust around her.

"I want you to tell me I'm wrong. I want you to walk through the trees next to me and yell at me, dammit! I want you to tell me I'm stupid for sleeping with him and I want you to kick his ass! I want you to be here. Like you should be. With me! I want my brother back. I'd do anything to get you back. Nothing feels right anymore.

"Except Kyle. He's all that feels right without you here. He fills a part of me that was lost when you died. He heals a bit of my heart that broke the same night. I'm in love with him, Cam. I don't know exactly when or how it happened but I am. And I feel guilty. I need to know its okay and you don't mind, but you can't ever tell me that. Can you? I need you to tell me you're happy, you'd rather us be together. I need to know so much you'll never be able to tell me."

Tears pour from my eyes. My vision is blurred from them but I can still see his name perfectly on the headstone like a cruel joke. I can barely breathe for the pain raging inside, for the ever-present breaking of my heart.

"You were my best friend and my brother. Why did you have to go and die on me, huh? Why did you have to leave me? Don't you see I need you? I feel so f**king lost without you I think I'm going crazy over it. Dammit, Cam! Tell me its okay!"

I bury my face in my arms and let it out. My whole body wracks with each gut-wrenching sob I take, and I leave every tear to soak into my clothes. Every breath is harder to take than the last and every tear fatter than the last.

Until I look up.

A bird is perched on top of his gravestone. Its sitting there perfectly, looking around, and its eyes land on me. I sniff and wipe under my eyes with a deep breath. I touch my tattoo. The bird tweets once and takes flight.

It's my heart talking, the dreaming part of me, but I'll take it.

I'll take that as my brother's blessing.

Chapter Eighteen - Kyle

"The zoo?" Roxy turns to face me slowly, playing with her plait over her shoulder.

I kill the engine and grin at her. "What's wrong with the zoo?"

"Nothing is wrong with it. I'm just surprised."

"What? You think I don't like the zoo? I loved it when we were kids."

"Hey, I never said that." She slams the car door as she gets out. "Don't twist my not-said words."

I laugh and wrap my arm around her shoulders. "I'm messin' with you, Rox."

"Mhmmm." She tries for annoyed but it's ruined by her arm sliding around my waist.

I pay the entry fee for us both and Roxy opens the map. Her brow furrows as her eyes scan the bit of paper, and I grin.

"Here." I point to the yellow arrow labelled Entrance and Exit.

"I knew that." Roxy flips the map round.

"Sure you did." I pull her into my side and lead her along the path in the Great Northwest section. "I can't believe you don't know your way round here after all this time."

"You realize we've seen a lot of these in the wild, right?" She looks up at me, ignoring my last words.

"So?"

"I'm just saying."

"Shush," I say into her hair. "Can we have one day without arguing?"

"Fine," she fake huffs and mumbles, "As long as we go the penguins after this."

I turn my face away and smile. Of course we'd see the penguins. Zoo trips used to be one of our summer things every year - we'd all go together. We lost Roxy more than once only to find her at the penguins.

"Where's Roxy?" Myra had looked around frantically, panic in her eyes.

"Penguins," Cam and I deadpanned in unison.

Myra sighed. "Of course she is. One of these days, I'm gonna set up a flamin' ice rink in our yard so she can have a pet penguin."

"What about the water?" Cam asked.

"Yeah, they need to swim," I added.

"Dudes gotta eat," we both said with a nod.

Mom rolled her eyes. "She was kidding, boys."

"Damn," I muttered.

"Hey, Mom, Dad? Since we're not getting Roxy a penguin because you were joking, any chance of a lion instead?" Cam asked hopefully.

"Pushing it, son," Ray chuckled.

"That sucks!"

I ran round the corner to the penguin enclosure, ignoring my mom telling me to wait, and smiled at an eleven year old Roxy. She was standing against the glass, her hands pressed against it, and her face a vision of wonder as she watched them swimming around.

We walk through the Northwest section, dodging shouting kids on summer break, and as we enter Pacific Shores section I let Roxy lead me past the polar bears.

It's okay. I didn't want to see them anyway.

She skips out of my hold toward the penguins and presses her body against the glass window. Her hands are flat against the glass, her face almost touching it, and her head moves side to side as she watches the penguins swim and roll underwater. She's more excited than the kids around her, and a smile creeps onto my face as I watch her. Such a child.

The kids squeal in excitement when a penguins swims right up against the glass, and Roxy laughs. A real laugh. One I've barely heard from her.

I come up behind her as the group of children and their parents move on. My hands rest on her hips and I press a kiss to her bare neck. She turns her face into me and grins.

"I love penguins."

"I know." I laugh. "You'd stay here all day if I'd let you."

A penguin comes up to the glass and taps where her hand is with its beak. Roxy moves her hand along the glass, and the penguin follows it. It breaks the surface of water and drops back under, splashing us over the top of the glass. Roxy squirms at the cold water, pushing her back against me, and I wrap my arms around her stomach. I watch her as she plays with the penguin on the glass, smiling, happy, carefree.

This is the Roxy I know. This is my Roxy.

"I think I'd like to work with penguins," she says softly, her head tilted to one side, her hand still moving on the glass. "Or for them. Conservation or something. Maybe even be a zoo vet, you know? Could you even imagine getting close to these animals? It would be amazing."

"What would you have to do to do that?"

"I don't know. Major in biological science, I guess." She drops her hand.

"Why don't you do it?"

She shrugs. "Too late this year, isn't it?"

"So apply for next year."

"Where though?"

"Berkeley."

"With you?" She turns and raises her eyebrows. I shrug.

"Or UCLA. There's loads in California."

"Dunno." Roxy starts to walk. I let her waist go and grab her hand instead. "I have time to think about it. I'll do some research over the summer. See the best courses. Maybe I'll go Miami with Iz."

Fuck that. She's not going to Miami.

I need to find a way to convince her to come to California with me. Pronto.

We wander around the zoo casually until lunchtime when we go to the BearWalk Cafe and order lunch. She plays with the cutlery in front of her until the clinking drives me crazy.

"What are you thinking, Rox?" I touch her fingers.

She looks at her hand, her eyes full of sadness, and sighs. "I'm thinking this is the first time I've ever been here without Cam."

She's right. For both of us.

"Feels weird, huh?" My voice is quiet.

"Yeah." She laughs quietly. "Remember when we saw the monkeys and he tried to be one in the play area? I think I was like seven. He watched them climbing from tree to tree and wanted to be one. He shoved a banana in his mouth and tried to move along the monkey bars..."

"...Then he fell down and choked on the banana," I finish, my own lips curving. "It wasn't funny at the time, but when I think about it now, he looked like a right idiot."

"I was always surprised you didn't copy him."

"Hey, I was an idiot, but I wasn't a stupid one. That move was always going to end in tears."

"Yeah well, it made me laugh."

I slide my fingers between hers and squeeze her hand. "And Cam lived for nothing if not to make you laugh."

Roxy smiles sadly at the truth of my words. Their relationship was so unconventional. I think I've only ever heard them argue one or twice - in comparison to Iz and I doing that every week.

"Yeah. He always had the answer to everything, didn't he?" Her eyes drift up to mine. "He knew everything. It scared me sometimes, you know. Makes me wonder if he knew about everything that would happen after he died."

"Maybe," I reply, holding her gaze steadily. "Maybe he wanted it to happen."

She blinks slowly. "Maybe."

~

"Okay, you've been in a shitfuck of a mood since we left Portland. What's wrong, Rox?" I throw my arms to the sides and stare at her back.

She's been a little down since lunch, and I get that after our conversation, but ever since we got back in my car she's all but ignored me. She hasn't touched me, hasn't laughed, hasn't spoken, hasn't done anything except look out the goddamn window at god only knows what.

This time, I haven't even done anything. Which makes a change.

Roxy pulls the band from her hair and combs her fingers through the braid, releasing it in a cascade of black waves that fall down her back.

"What is this?" she asks into the gentle breeze.

"What's what?"

"This." She turns to face me and pauses. "...Us."

I tilt my head to one side. "I don't get what you're asking."

"This!" She repeats, throwing her arms up. "Everything. I don't even know how to describe it. The last couple of weeks, the other night... Today. What is this?"

Ah. I get it.

I walk to her and run my fingers through her hair, pushing it away from her face. "This is a relationship."

My lips twitch at the way her eyes widen slightly.

"What? You still didn't believe me when I said I cared?"

She doesn't answer.

"I more than care, Rox. Get that, will you? "This," as you describe it, is us. You and me." My hands frame her face and hers settle on top of mine. I bend my head toward her and brush my lips across hers.

"Why? Don't you have anyone back in Cali waiting for you?"

I laugh.

"What's so funny?" she demands.

"The fact you're only asking me this after we've had sex."

Her mouth opens and closes before she speaks. "Shut up. Do you?"

"No. There hasn't been anyone at college. There's only you. Always you." I run my thumb across her lips. "Shouldn't I be asking you that question?"

"No one," she replies instantly. "Not since you got back."

"Why?"

She raises her eyes to mine, curls her face into one of my hands, and whispers, "Only you. Always you."

I pull her into my chest. She wraps her arms around me, and her face buries into the side of my neck. She shudders. Her fingers splay out on my back, and I kiss her hair.

"He wouldn't mind." My words are spoken into her hair. "He told me once if you had to be with anyone, he'd rather it be with me."

Roxy holds me even tighter. "If I have to be with anyone, I'd rather it be with you, too."

"So stop."

She pulls away slightly. I hold her jaw gently.

"The drinking. All that shit... Stop it, Rox. You don't need it."

Her eyes drop to the floor. "It's hard. I've tried before. It's just... there. It helps me forget it hurts. Makes it better. Sometimes I even forget he's died, and for a few blissful moments it's all okay. It's hard to say no when an escape is dangled in front of you."

"I'll be your escape. Not the drinking." No other guys goes without saying. I'd like to see another guy try it. This girl has branded herself into my skin and my heart in a way I never saw coming. "Just me. I'll be your escape when you feel like you've got nowhere to run to. I'll be your hideout when it feels like everyone is watching you, and I'll be your rock when you feel like everything around you is crumbling."

"I'll try. I can just try. I can't promise you any more than that." Her blue eyes are shining when she looks back up, and I nod. She reaches up and wraps a hand around my neck and pulls my face down. Her lips touch mine firmly, like she's sealing the promise with this kiss. "Thank you," she whispers against my mouth, releasing me. She sits on the ground in front of me and looks out at the gorge.

"For what?" I drop down next to her.

"For today. I felt like the old Roxy again." She turns her gaze to mine. "I feel like the old Roxy whenever I'm around you."

"She's my favorite," I admit. "So I do things to make you feel like her. That's the Roxy I know. My Roxy."

Her lips twist at the corners. "Your Roxy?"

I leap at her and push her back onto the ground. My eyes meet hers. "Didn't I make that clear?"

She shakes her head, amusement dancing in her eyes. "Not. At. All."

"C'mere." I press and hold my lips on hers. My arm snakes around her waist and her fingers sink into my hair as I flick my tongue against her mouth. I can taste the lingering traces of the candy she was eating around the zoo on her lips. I kiss her deeply, sweeping my tongue along hers and around her mouth in an attempt to make her as lightheaded as she makes me.

"Mmkay," she mutters when I pull away. "It's clear. I think."

"My. Roxy." I punctuate the words with more kisses. "Okay?"

She nods slowly and smiles. "Your. Roxy."

Chapter Nineteen - Roxy

I wipe down the table the twins just left with a smile on my face. The smile that's been there since yesterday.

"Where've you been hiding?" Iz asks as she leads Selena into the empty cafe.

I grin and walk back to the counter. "Everywhere and nowhere."

Selena narrows her eyes. "Where did you disappear to on Saturday night? And why did Kyle disappear at the same time?"

Iz looks at her. "The same time?"

They both turn to me. "Oooooooh."

"Seriously?" I put a hand on my hip. "We were talking."

"The language of luh-urve." Selena slides onto the stool in front of the counter as Iz giggles.

"How old are you two?" I raise my eyebrows.

"Come on," she whines. "Spill it!"

"Ew. Brother." Iz winces. "Not too much spilling."

"Says the one I caught making out with my cousin."

I almost drop the glass I'm holding and gape at Iz. "You what?"

"I might have kissed Si a little."

Oh, now she looks out the window.

"A little?"

"Okay, okay! A lot. For a long time. Whatever." She waves her hands. "This isn't the point. The point is how successful was your "talk" with Kyle?"

I smile and look down. "I'm going to be vague and go with very."

"'Kay. No more." Iz puts her fingers in her ears. Selena grins, and I shrug.

No one needs to know any more than that. Saturday night belongs to me and Kyle. It's so much more than just one night.

"But I'm kinda pissed, because it looks like I missed something pretty damn interesting."

"Me kissing Si is not interesting in the least."

Selena looks at me. "Kissing is an understatement. They were as close to sexytimes as someone can be with clothes on."

"Hey, you can have sex with clothes on, y'know," Iz interjects.

I raise my eyebrows. "And you've done this?"

Her lips curve. "The guy didn't look the prettiest under the shirt, okay? But he could kiss like hell so I thought I'd give him a chance."

"And?" I lean forward.

Iz whistles. "It was so f**king worth that chance."

"Right. And Si?"

She holds a hand up. "Drunk."

"Off three drinks?" Selena questions.

"Three very strong drinks," she protests. "Give me a break, girls. I'm allowed to kiss a guy."

"Iz, the way you were kissing him very nearly became indecent exposure."

I raise my eyebrows.

"Well, wouldn't that have given the oldies a shock?" Iz laughs and turns to me. "Where did you go, anyway?"

"Somewhere exposure wouldn't be indecent." I wipe the counter. "In fact, it was positively decent."

"I think I'm going to be sick."

~

I sit on my hands. This is near impossible.

Verity Point is so out of the way there's no other towns for miles - just the odd farm - so there's plenty of places to hold outside parties and bonfires and shit.

Tonight it's a bonfire.

Tonight I'm surrounded by alcohol and I can't touch a drop.

It's harder than I thought. This is another thing that doesn't feel right without Cam. Nothing feels right without him.

I can't keep using him as an excuse.

No. It's not an excuse. It's the truth. Drinking makes me forget he's not here. Sitting away from everyone drinking makes it hurt a little less - as if I can simply pretend he's somewhere with the guys. As if I can pretend he wasn't never here. Wishful thinking will be the death of me one day.

A body sits behind me and legs stretch to either side of me. I turn my face into Kyle's and grip my thighs tighter. He runs his hands down my arms and finds my hands. His fingers link through mine and pry them from my legs, settling them around my waist. I squeeze his hands and curl into him as much as our position will allow.

"Everyone's looking at us," he whispers in my ear. Amusement laces his tone.

"What? Have they never seen two people in a relationship before?" I reply loudly.

"Course we have," Olly shouts from somewhere. "We're just not used to the girl being a slut."

Fucker. "Big words from the boy who never got lucky with his little dick."

Everyone laughs around us, but it's Kyle I'm focused on. His whole body is tight, his grip on me about to break my fingers.

"You know I'm about to go and break his arm, don't you?"

I shake my head. "Can't hit him for being right," I say sadly.

"Rox..."

"No. He's right. I was. I'm not afraid to admit that. Olly's just pissed off because I never let him get any."

"Then how do you know about the size of his dick?"

My lips curve into a smile. "He has small hands."

Kyle lifts our hands and opens his. His fingers stretch out and his hand is twice the size of mine. He nods. "Hm."

I laugh silently. He drops my hand and turns me in his arms so I'm facing him. His free hand slides through my hair, and brown eyes find mine in the faint light of the fire.

"All the same, the next guy that talks to you that way is gonna find himself in a hell of a lot of pain."

I run my thumb across his jaw. "I can handle these ass**les, you know."

"I know," he murmurs, moving his face closer to mine. "But I'm afraid they can't handle you."

"Can you? Handle me?"

"I can handle you and then some, Roxanne. Do you need a reminder?"

"You'll need to do some handling if you call me Roxanne again."

He kisses me and grins against my mouth. "You know I'll remember that, right?"

"Why wouldn't you?" I roll my eyes.

Kyle laughs, and it shakes my whole body. I smile and snuggle in closer to him, and his arm snakes round my body even tighter. For a moment, I forget Cam isn't here. I forget it hurts. I forget everything except Kyle.

Sitting here with him now feels crazy. Being with him is like a dream and I'm afraid he'll slip through my fingers if I don't hold on tight enough. I'm afraid one day I'll pinch myself and wake up and realize this whole thing has been another girly swoon in my own mind.

"How do you feel?"

His words pull me back to reality.

"In other words, do I want a drink?" I mumble into his chest.

He hesitates.

"Yes. I do."

"Why?"

"Is this an episode of Dr. Phil?"

"Hey." He pokes my side. "Don't shut me out. If you feel like shit I wanna know."

I take a deep breath. "I'm waiting for Cam to appear and rip it out of you, or for the two of you to play some prank on one of the dicks over there." I nod to the corner. "I'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen."

He whispers something under his breath and holds me tighter. I squeeze my eyes closed. My heart hurts - like really hurts. It clenches with every beat, and my stomach tightens as a sliver of pain travels through my body, taking all of me over. My eyes burn and my bottom lip quivers. Shit.

Is this grieving? Proper grieving? It must be. This must be what I've hidden for so long. What I've been running from. What I've refused to accept.

Grief is waking up every morning with a spark of hope only for that spark to be put out and replaced with a heavy heart. It's holding onto memories and wishing for new ones. Grief is watching the door and watching for that person to walk through again, its listening for their voice in a silence you know will never be broken, and its waiting for them to come running round a corner they'll never turn.

And grief is the slow breaking of your heart every time you realize they're never coming back.

"Don't forget, Roxy." Kyle kisses my head and whispers in my ear, "Remember with me."

"I can't." My eyes fill with those tears.

"You can." His fingers stroke my hair. "Let's go."

"Where to?"

"Where no one can find us." He stands and pulls me up with him.

"The gorge?"

"Exactly."

His strong arm goes around my body and twists me into him. I slide my arms around his waist, trying to ignore the eyes I can feel burning into our backs. The urge to turn and say something is so strong. But that's something the new Roxy would do. I'm the old Roxy. I think.

It hits me like a punch to the stomach.

I don't know who I am.

I don't know who I should be or who I think I should be. I'll never be the person I was, but I don't know who I will be, either.

I really am lost.

"I'm gonna take three guesses where they're going!" Olly hollers across the field.

Before I can open my mouth, Kyle yells back, "You're gonna need more than that. You gotta know what to do with a girl before you can guess right, Olly!"

I snort and bury my face into Kyle's side. Again, everyone laughs, and I feel like turning and showing him the smug grin spreading across my face.

"I had two choices." Kyle shrugs and we head up the path leading to the gorge. "I either punched him or made him look like an absolute dick in front of the girl he's been trying to impress all night."

I bite my bottom lip. "The latter was definitely funnier."

"Glad you think so." He squeezes me.

We're silent for the rest of the walk to the spot he found with Cam. I'm certain this is my new favorite place. The seclusion combined with nature's sounds makes it somewhere that shouldn't exist.

It reminds me there's perfection amidst heartbreak and despair.

I step away from Kyle and walk to the edge of the small stream rushing through. The orangey light from the almost-set sun creeps through the trunks of the trees on the other side, and dusk hangs over us. I know if I look up I'll see the stars faintly twinkling and the moon hanging in the sky, bathing the area around it in a bright white light.

"The first time me and Cam found this place we walked the length of this stream. It stems from the mountains - further up than we went the first time I brought you here. There's a tiny fall and water pools at the bottom of it. I was busy thinking how nice it was, but not Cam. No, he decided that pool would be the perfect place to throw you in."

I glance over my shoulder. "What did you say?"

Kyle stuffs his hands in his pockets and shrugs a shoulder. "I told him to wait because there was probably a bigger pool of water we hadn't found yet."

"Bastards," I mutter fondly. "You two have always been out to get me."

"It was kind of his prerogative as your big brother."

"Yeah? What was your excuse?"

"I think I wanted you to like me." He grins.

A small laugh leaves me. "Obviously it worked." I run my hand down the trunk of the tree next to me, feeling the rough bark against my fingers. "He used to steal my diary every now and then. He thinks I didn't know but I did."

"I didn't know that."

Thank God.

"How else do you think he knew exactly when and where to find me when I started dating?" I turn to face him. "He found out from my diary until I started a second one to throw him off the trail."

Kyle laughs. "He thought he'd scared everyone off."

"Nah, Cam wasn't that scary." Wasn't. Wasn't. "I hate saying that."

"Saying that?"

"Wasn't. Talking about him like he's not here. I know he's not, but it doesn't seem normal." I look down and Kyle walks up to me.

"You really haven't talked about him to anyone except me, have you?"

I shake my head. "Would you? Would you talk about Iz if it was her?"

He stops and thinks, like it's the first time this has occurred to him. "No," he says slowly. "I don't think I could."

"It hurts to think about him as if he's not here. He hasn't really gone anywhere, you know? He's still here in Verity Point. He's in every corner we turn and in every doorway we walk through. His idiocy lives in our minds and the tricks you guys played are all over town. But him... He's still in our hearts. He'll never go. He's not here, but he is. That makes no sense, I know, but only his body is dead. Everything else about him is still alive. I have to keep him alive somehow. I can't face being without him."

Chapter Twenty - Kyle

Her words ring true every part of my body. He's still alive as long as we remember him. Cam's still alive as long as we hold a piece of him inside the way he would us.

It's just like Iz said. Dead doesn't mean gone.

I wrap my arms around Roxy's waist from behind her and rest my chin on her shoulder. "I get that. I feel it too, y'know? He's still here. I'm waiting for him to grab me and shove some fire snaps in my hand to throw on the sidewalk, or I'm waiting for his text to tell me he's got some great plan."

"The plan was usually to piss me off," she whispers and smiles.

"Oh, yeah. Nine times out of ten. We only did about half of them, otherwise we'd be forever winding you up."

"Jesus, if all the times you hid my stuff and filled my shampoo with shaving foam was only half of it, I'm glad you didn't do more!"

"The shampoo thing was Cam's idea. At least it was at first." I grin remembering her shriek when she realized what we'd done. "But now I think about it, you looked good in that towel."

Roxy elbows me with a small laugh. "Would you believe the shit he gave me for running out like that? He didn't speak to me for like two days."

"Oh I believe it." I pull her down to the floor and lie back, taking her with me. Her head rests on my chest and her arm lies over my stomach. I hold her close to me, breathing her in, and smile.

"He was so protective of me," she muses, drawing circles on my side. "What do you think he'd say if he saw us now?"

"I think he'd punch me and call me a dick, but he'd get over it."

"I think he'd be okay with it." Her voice is small and nearly broken.

"You know what? He would be. He told me once. Besides, this is the best way for everyone."

She tilts her head back and looks at me. "How is it?"

My lips curve to one side and I brush some hair from her face. "This way I get to keep my promise and make you happy. As long as you're happy, I'm happy, and in the end that's all that really matters."

"He'd call you a pu**y for saying that." Roxy laughs but cuddles in tighter to me. I look up at the sky with a smile on my face.

"Ah, well. Can't say I give a shit." I laugh with her.

If you'd asked me a year ago if I'd have been here with Roxy, feeling the way I do, I'd have laughed at you. I never thought I would ever feel for her as more than just Cam's sister, but here we are. I feel for her more than I thought I'd ever feel for anyone. More than I ever thought possible - and I know why.

I know her. I know every little quirk and habit she has, how she likes things done, how to tell her mood from just a glance, and she knows me the same way. She knows me as intimately as I know her and it works.

We both share so much pain. We both had our hearts broken, and it's strange to think it's the pain that's pushed us together. It's ironic we managed to find happiness in a time where there is none.

Perhaps this was always meant to happen and we're the healing the other needs.

Perhaps we were always meant to find beauty in our pain.

~

A body shifts next to me and I instinctively hold it closer. Roxy's gentle giggle reaches my ears as she climbs on top of me, and I smile.

"What are you doing?" I open my eyes to hers. She's sitting on me, her knees either side of my hips and her hands on the ground next to my head.

"Good morning." She beams and drops her lips to mine.

I place my hands on her hips and take her kiss. "Apparently it is," I mutter. "Why are you on top of me?"

"Are you complaining?" She wriggles, rubbing herself over my dick, and I feel it harden. I push my hips up.

"Does it feel like I am?"

She runs her tongue over her lips and shakes her head. That movement combined with the glint in her eyes does nothing to help the erection I have digging into her pants. Because of course she's wearing a skirt and the only thing separating us is her underwear, my underwear, and my jeans. She bends her head forward, her hair falling around us, and rests her forehead against mine.

Her lips are soft and sweet when they press against mine, and I wrap my arms around her body when she lowers herself so she's lying on top of me. Every part of us is touching as she flicks her tongue between my lips, and her fingers slide through my hair as her other hand creeps beneath my shirt and tickles my stomach.

"Rox. We're outside."

"Don't care," she mutters against my lips.

"What if I do?"

"We would have done a lot more than just kiss up against that tree the other day if I'd had my way."

Don't I know it.

She presses herself onto me and every part of my body responds. My brain thinks about what's under her skirt, my hands want to remove what's under there, and my dick wants to be under the skirt and inside her. Right inside.

So f**k outside.

I slide my hand up her back to cup the back of her head and pull her face against mine. This time I kiss her. I kiss her hard, holding our mouths together, and graze my teeth along her bottom lip. She loops her legs around mine and runs her hand across my chest. I ease my hands up her bare thighs and inside her skirt, taking her ass in my hands, and hold her lips to mine.

Her exposed skin is too tempting as she sweeps her tongue against mine. She wriggles again, and my hands shift down. I'm straining against my jeans as my fingers touch the wet, tender area between her legs, and if I wasn't so f**king caught up in the way she's kissing me, I'd have to grit my teeth to restrain myself.

Because right now all I want to do is flip her on her back, tear away the scrap of lace she thinks passes as underwear, and f**k her the way our bodies are begging me to.

Roxy traces her fingers down my stomach to my waistband, and her fingers fiddle with the button on my jeans for a second before she pops it open.

"Impressive." I kiss along her jaw and down her neck.

She grins. "Efficient, actually."

"I like your efficiency."

"So do I," she whispers, creeping her hand lower.

The flick of her fingertips against the head of my c**k makes me buck my hips. She wraps her hand around me and rubs her thumb across the tip. If it's possible, I need to be inside her. Now.

I let go of her and reach into my pocket for a condom. Roxy takes it from me and rolls it onto me without looking. Her eyes are focused on me as she wraps her hand around me again and guides me toward her.

She jumps when I sit us up and kiss her, and I laugh into her mouth.

"Bastard," she mumbles.

"Mhmm."

My fingers splay in her hair and across her ass as she lowers herself onto me. She tenses for a second but doesn't stop until she's taken all of me and I hiss a breath. She's wet and tight and f**k, she's squeezing.

She giggles out breathlessly. "Payback."

"Bitch." I drop kisses along her collarbone as she raises herself up and falls back again, grinding her hips the whole way.

"Mhmm." She finds my mouth with hers and moves her tongue against mine in time with the movements of her body.

She's crazy. She's crazy and she's driving me crazy. With every squeeze of her core, every flick of her tongue, every sharp breath combined with a tiny moan, she's driving me to the brink of insanity. She's making me need her so f**king badly I don't know if she'll ever be able to get rid of that need. I don't know if I'll ever not need to hold her body against me, over me, under me, and do this to her.

I drop us back and move my hips against hers. She buries her face into my neck and we're both breathing fast. It doesn't matter that we're hardly skin on skin. I can't feel anything but her. All I can feel is the burning temptation and desperation to take her to the edge the way she's taking me. And I will.

I'm determined to take her to the edge and tip her the f**k over.

I have no idea how much time passes until she falls. Until we both do. I'm completely lost.

"Shit," Roxy breathes. "What's the time?"

"After that, that's what you have to say?" I smirk as she gets up.

"No, really. What's the time?"

I sort myself out, tuck the condom into the packet and into my back pocket, and dig my phone out. "Half nine."

"Fuck! I have to work at ten!"

Her eyes are wide, surrounded by smudged make up, and her hand is covering her mouth. It's priceless and I can't help but laugh.

"Kyle!" She shoves my arm. "Don't laugh. This is your fault."

"Hey - how is this my fault?"

"You... You seduced me!" she sputters.

I laugh again and pull her into me. I brush my lips against her swollen ones. "Watch it, you, or I'll do it again."

"Not a very scary threat," she mumbles, stepping back and wiping under her eyes. "Let's go."

I follow her through the trees. "Who said it was a threat?"

She shoots me a glance and carries on walking without another word detouring at the last minute to take the back route to her house. A perk of living in practically nowhere. I run up behind her and link our fingers, wrap our arms around her waist, and kiss the base of her neck.

"Do you have to go to work?" I mumble into her skin.

"Yes." She squeezes my hand. "Mom is already gonna wonder where I am when she goes to wake me up."

"What are you gonna tell her?"

"I'm undecided."

I smile to myself as we reach her house and walk round the front. Roxy untangles herself from me, kisses my cheek, and turns to her house. She calls that goodbye?

"Hey!" I yell.

She stops and spins to me, her eyes widening at me as I walk toward her purposefully. I grab her, cupping her head and bending her backward. A squeal leaves her as my lips drop to hers, but she doesn't fight me. She clings to my shoulders and kisses me back with a nip to my bottom lip.

"That was a movie kiss," she mumbles.

My lips twitch and I touch my nose to hers. "Tell that to your mom."

Roxy stands and looks at her house. Myra's face is poking out from the corner of the curtain and there's a smile on her face - the first real smile I've seen since getting back.

"I don't think I need to tell her anything," Roxy muses. "Perhaps some explaining, but no telling."

I laugh and kiss her again, normally this time, and swat her behind gently as she walks to her house. Ray opens the door and points a finger at me, a frown on his face.

"What you doing keeping my girl out all night?"

"Dad," Roxy groans. "Really?"

"Who do you think you are?" he insists.

Another laugh leaves me, and I salute him. "You don't scare me, old man!"

"Dammit." He shrugs. "Worth a try."

~

I grin at Iz as she walks around the kitchen and makes lunch. She keeps glancing at me and every time my grin widens a little more. She's going mad trying to work out why I'm doing this - trying to work out what I know. Winding her up is probably my favorite thing ever.

Next to kissing Roxy.

Iz rounds on me, pointing the butter knife in my direction. "Alright, I'll bite. Why the f**k are you looking at me like that, you little creep?"

There we go. I don't say anything, just smile at her. God, this is fun.

"Kyle."

Grin.

"Kyle!"

I scratch my nose.

"Kyle!"

"I was just wondering if you enjoyed making out with one of my best friends."

"Funny, I was wondering the same thing." She waves the knife.

"I do. Very much." I wink at her.

She screws up her face. "Mmph."

"Si. Why Si?"

"Seriously? You want to know how my brain works?"

Not really. "I just never pictured you two... You know. Flicking each other's tonsils."

"God, a frat house is doing nothing for you, is it?"

"Good job I'm moving out next semester." I shrug. "Seriously. Why Si?"

Iz smiles slowly, the corners of her lips seeming to reach her eyes. "Because he has this a solid chest that could make a girl weep and an ass so tight it hurts to look at it. And judging by-"

"Alright, alright!" I hold my arms up. "I do not need my sister's evaluation on the size of my friend's dick."

"-judging by the way he kisses, he probably f**ks like a p**n star."

I snort loudly. "A sorority is doing nothing for you, is it?"

"Good job I don't give a flying, tap-dancing monkey then, isn't it?" She rips off a bite of her sandwich.

"I actually need to ask you something."

"Aside from the sexual attraction I have to your friend?"

"It probably doesn't bother me nearly as much as my attraction to Roxy bothers you." So I'm bluffing. I'm the one who has a poker face - Iz couldn't bluff her way out of a kindergarten class. They'd figure her out in seconds.

"Whatever. What do you want?"

I tap my fingers across the table. How do I ask her what I haven't even fully thought about myself?

"How..." I pause and, crap... Spit it out. "How do I convince Roxy to come to Berkeley with me next month?"

Iz stops with her mouth still full and stares at me. Slowly, she chews and swallows. "Did I hear you right?"

"I dunno. What did you hear?"

"You want Roxy to move to Berkeley. With you."

"At least you don't need your ears cleaning out."

"Goddammit, Kyle! This shit is serious." She slaps the table.

"I know, Iz, alright? I know." I run my hands through my hair. "I just... I can't leave her here. Not now."

My sister sits opposite me, her eyes flicking over my face, and smiles.

"Fuck off with your psychobabble." I glare at her.

"You love her."

Goddamn psycho body language skills.

"You do." Her eyes widen. "You actually do."

"No need to look so surprised," I say dryly.

"I'm not. I don't think. I just." She tilts her head slightly. "I dunno. You really want her to go to Berkeley with you?"

My head bobs slowly. "It's Roxy, y'know? How am I supposed to go back there without her?"

"It's not that far."

"If I can't walk there in half an hour, it's too f**king far, Iz."

She sighs and rubs her face. "I don't know. Have you tried asking her? See if she'll apply there when she decides she'll go. She'd get in - she's smart, Ky. She's just a little off course."

"I know. And of course I haven't asked her - if I had would I be asking you?" I raise my eyebrows, and Iz shrugs. "Exactly. I just... I love her, Iz. Fuck. I don't even know. I just want her to come to Berkeley with me."

"Well, you have to ask her," she reasons. "But what if she doesn't?"

I say nothing. Let her use her psycho-shit and work this out herself.

"Kyle Michael Daniels." Iz says my name slowly and carefully, injecting as much question into it as she can. "Don't tell me you'll stay here if she doesn't go."

I tap my fingers against the table again and whistle.

"You've wanted to be a doctor since... well, forever. You can't seriously say you'd give that up? I know it's Roxy, but... Seriously? You would?"

I meet her eyes, the ones that are the exact shade of mine. "I know I have, but she's more than a dream, Iz. Roxy is everything and she's real. Without her there is no dream. So, yes. If I have to I'll stay here. With her. For her. I'd do anything and everything for that girl."

Chapter Twenty-One - Roxy

I start my laptop and open my internet browser. What undergraduate courses do you need to be a vet? On impulse, I type Berkeley after the question. UCLA was on my original list... I know its Southern California, and Berkeley is Northern, but whatever. This is only research, after all.

Basic science courses and advanced courses in animal biology and behavior among other things. Easy pickings. Science has always come naturally to me - and these science classes would lead to working my dream job.

But I don't have to make any decisions now. In fact I should go back to Google and look at other colleges around the country. I don't. I put the computer in sleep and get up.

The house is always quiet when Mom and Dad are at work. I wander across the hall and my hand hovers over Cam's door handle. Slowly, I turn the handle and walk inside. My feet take me to his bed and I perch on the end of it. The smell of him is almost gone. There's no lingering trace of his Davidoff, and my stomach twists. His room should smell like it, so I get up, grab the cologne bottle, and spray it. The fresh scent brings a smile to my face.

This is comfort. This is where he's alive the most. This is where I remember most of him and Kyle.

"You'll get caught," I'd warned them. I was perched on Cam's desk with my legs swinging beneath me.

"Who cares?" My brother shrugged carelessly.

"Everyone will know it's us anyway," Kyle muttered. "No one else has the balls to pull the crap we do."

"Okay, you have a point. But how do you expect to change out all the whipped cream for shaving foam?"

They just grinned.

"Okay, one, I feel the need to tell you that you two have an unhealthy obsession with that stuff. And, two, I am not being a part of this stupid plan."

"Roxy," Cam whined. "You have keys to the cafe."

"Mom will kill you!"

"No, she won't." Kyle grinned and tugged on a lock of my hair. "You'll be the one switching them."

"Uh, hello? Did you miss point two? I'm not doing it. No. Chance."

"Fine. But you can get us in, right?" Cam gave me puppy dog eyes. They were so shit but I could never resist them.

"I can't get you in. Mom will fire me then kick my ass. Publicly," I stress.

"Then how-"

I got up and walked to his door. My hand rested on the handle as I peered at them over my shoulder. "I can't get you in but I can't stop you stealing my keys. The ones I just happen to keep in the top drawer of my nightstand when I'm not working."

Kyle and Cam looked at me, their smiles wide enough to break their faces and their eyes dancing with mischief.

My lips twitch now with the memory. They did steal my keys and did it without getting caught. I never asked how they got the shaving foam in whipped cream cans and they never offered. They took the shit for it though, maintaining I knew nothing about it. And if I'm honest, I didn't actually know when they did it.

They really did steal my keys.

I was like their silent partner in everything they did - unless I was their victim - and no one ever found out. I think I miss the three of us together almost as much as I do Cam himself. It's so hard to have such a huge part of your everyday life ripped away from you.

It's so hard to say goodbye to someone you thought would be there forever.

~

Some people are devils in disguise.

They're all too willing to tempt you into something you have a weakness for. They seem to know when you're having a bad day and just creep up on you with a solution. An antidote. An escape.

But it's always the wrong one. They're always short term and they don't ever make it better. Nothing about a short escape from a devil can help you move forward in the way you need.

And this is how I feel right now looking at Layla.

"C'mon, Roxy. I need the money and you need this."

I look at her red hair and her wide, brown eyes. She looks desperate. I'm not.

"I don't want it, Layla. I don't need it, okay? You'll have to find someone else to buy it off you."

"Roxy!"

"Here." I pull out my cell and give her the number of a guy I met in Portland a few months ago. "He's always looking for drugs. Call him."

"He's in f**king Portland."

I shrug and turn. "You either want money or you don't."

You either want the escape or you don't. Right now, I don't. I don't need them to make me forget how much it hurts. I need to grit my teeth and bear it.

My family deserve more than what I've been doing to them.

I walk in the direction of my house, dragging my feet. I'm finally noticing the true hollowness of Verity Point without my brother and the jokes he used to play with Kyle. And I'm wishing I hadn't blown my chances of going to college in September. Now I'm stuck here for another year.

I put my key in the door and twist it. Hands land on my shoulders and I scream.

"It's me." Kyle laughs.

"Oh my god. You dick. You scared the crap outta me."

He laughs again and follows me into my house. "Sorry. I thought you would have heard me coming."

I shake my head. "No. I was in my own little world."

His head bobs as he nods. "Can I ask you something?"

"You can ask."

"Did you get any?"

I stop. "Any what?"

"You know what I'm on about."

"No, I really don't."

"Ben just saw you with Layla."

Of course he did. And of course he had to tell Kyle, because why wouldn't he?

My lips thin and annoyance spreads through my body. "And you naturally assumed I bought alcohol or drugs from her."

"No... Kind of. I just wondered," he says warily.

That annoyance quickly changes to anger, and I chew on my lip. I stare at him for a second before turning away from him.

"It's nice to know you have so much belief in my ability to say no." I storm up the stairs to my room, and they creak as Kyle follows me.

"Hey, I didn't say that!" He puts his foot between the door and the frame to stop me closing it in his face.

"You meant it."

"No. I didn't."

"Bullshit." I turn to look at him. "You knew I'd been with her and thought I'd give in. Well, I didn't! She said she needed money, so I gave her the number of someone else who'd buy drugs from her. Ben conveniently left out that part, didn't he, huh?"

"He was just telling me what he saw."

"He obviously didn't see enough then, did he?" I'm almost shouting. I can't believe he really thinks this. I can't believe he'd assume I'm so weak I have to give in whenever temptation is dangled in front of my face.

It actually hurts he thinks I'd go and do that after I promised him I wouldn't.

"I said I wouldn't do that. I told you I'd try my best not to do all that shit and you don't even think I can stop, do you?" My eyes meet his and he steps forward.

"Rox."

I move my arm away from his outstretched arm. "You don't think I can, do you?" I repeat. "Admit it. You didn't believe it so you rushed over here to ask if I bought anything. You didn't ask if I walked away. You automatically assumed the worst."

Kyle's shoulders slump and he runs a hand through his hair. I'm right. We both know it.

I take a deep breath, my stomach clenching. "You can go now," I whisper and turn away from him.

"What?"

"Please go," I whisper again. "I don't know if I can be around someone who thinks so little of me right now."

"Is that what you think?"

"At least I can admit what I think."

"Yeah, let's ignore the fact I thought that because I care about you, shall we?"

"Don't throw that in my face. You don't believe I can stop drinking and shit and that's that."

"How many times? I didn't say that!"

I cover my face with my hands and a lump forms in my throat. "No, you didn't, but you meant it. So go. Please."

"This isn't over, Rox. Call me when you've calmed the f**k down."

He leaves my room and his footsteps are heavy on my stairs. I cross my room and slam my door, falling against it, and tears build in my eyes.

One week ago he asked me to stop the way I've been acting, and already he's given up on believing in me.

I don't want to listen to him talking reason. I don't want to listen to him trying to dig himself out of what he didn't say, because what he did say is enough.

He knows me better than anyone - maybe even better than Iz and Selena - but he doesn't know me well enough to trust me to keep my word.

Tears drip down my cheeks and I lean my head back against the door.

"Fuck you," I whisper.

Chapter Twenty-Two - Kyle

Three days.

It's been three goddamn, stupid days since she made me walk out on her and I'm running out of options. I'm running out of things to do to make her stop and keep her that way. I don't know what else I can do. I don't know what else I'm supposed to do.

Whatever progress I'd made, whatever convincing I'd done, I've f**ked it all up by speaking first and thinking after. I'm back at square one, except this time I have a lot more to make up. I have to convince her I believe in her and that I know she can do his.

Shit, I need her to do this. For her. For me. For us. She has to do it. She has to accept Cam's gone so she can move on. Every time she drinks she's holding onto something that doesn't exist. She needs to step back from it and hold on to what does exist.

The memories. The good times. The future.

I know she'll never forget that night. She watched him crash and watched him die only an hour later, but she can't let be that be her focal memory of him. The only way she'll be able to ease the pain is by thinking of the good times we all had together. She'll only ease the pain by remembering.

I'm the person that could help her remember.

And I've f**ked that up.

I've destroyed everything we've had between us. I should have known better than going round there and asking like that. Roxy's temper is as short as Snow White's dwarves and flares up without a seconds warning. I should have known she'd react that way... The same way I did.

Speak first, think later.

Impulsively.

But everything about us has been impulsive. Every fight, every kiss, every time we've had sex... They've all happened in a crazy spur of the moment that wrapped us up before we'd even had a chance to think about it. So of course this would be too.

I shouldn't have expected it to be anything but.

Si walks through my front door and smacks me round the head. "Get your f**kin' ass off your sofa and in my car."

"What for?"

"Party. We need to cheer you up you miserable dick."

"I don't need cheering up. I'm chirpy as f**k. See?" I fake grin.

He laughs. "Look, man, Roxy will be there. Go see her, chat a little then go wherever you guys go when you sneak off and do whatever."

"It's gonna take a bit more than a damn chat to get her to go anywhere with me willingly right now." I lift myself from the sofa and follow him out to his car.

Hey - she isn't coming to me anytime soon, so I'm gonna have to go to her.

"Ben really starred, huh?" Si glances at me.

"Nah, it was me. He was just telling me what he saw - I'm the one that assumed shit. I should have just asked her properly instead of half-accusing her, or better yet, not said a f**kin' word."

He shrugs. "You only did it 'cause you care about her."

"Yeah? Do me a favor and tell her that will you?"

"I would if I didn't think she'd rip my balls off."

"Nice to know you value your balls over our friendship."

We grin at each other but mine is still half-hearted. Dread is settling in my stomach and I know why. Roxy and party go hand in hand too well, and I'm afraid of what I'll find here. I'm afraid I'll find her drunk, maybe high, or maybe even with another guy.

And I wonder why she thinks I don't believe in her.

Fuck.

Music booms from the house Si pulls up to and I don't even care enough to see where we are. Seeing her is all I care about. I push my way through into the house and look in each room as we go past. Si does the same, and we find her in the kitchen.

She glances up as we enter and her blue eyes crash into mine. They're heavy. Sad. Soft. Angry. Hard. They're a mixture of so many things, making my stomach twist in guilt for a moment before she turns away.

"Ouch," Si mutters.

"Thanks for that." I take the beer he hands me.

"Anytime. What you gonna do?"

"Same thing I did before when I wanted her to talk to her. Piss her off."

"Don't be a prick, Ky," Iz says, coming up behind me and standing next to me. "I think she's pissed off enough at you."

"Hey - she told me to go. I f**ked up, alright? She just didn't listen to me when I tried to explain."

"You two are both stubborn as shit and that's your problem. Neither of you will listen to the other nor will you give in. You'll just stand here on either side of the kitchen, mad and upset, until the other one leaves."

"Thanks for your evaluation. Do I pay you now or later?"

"Sometimes I wonder why I bother helping you, you ass."

I rest my arm over her shoulders and squeeze her. "I know, Iz. I'm sorry."

She shrugs out of my hold. "It's not me you need to apologize to. It's the girl over there who's wondering if she should just give up on you."

Hit me where it hurts why don't you, sis. Just punch me in the gut. It'd be easier to deal with.

Until I see her throw a shot back with Selena.

"Yeah." I nod in her direction. "Really looks like she's wondering. Looks like she already f**king has."

"No," Iz muses, leaning against the wall. "She's given up on giving up. She thought you believed in her, now she thinks you don't, so in her eyes she has nothing to give up for."

"She should give up for herself," Si interjects. "She should do it because if she doesn't, she's gonna go the same way as Cam."

The truth hurts. Like a f**king bitch.

Iz looks round me. "You're right, but that doesn't mean she can see that." Her voice gets quieter. "Kyle was her reason. He was her rock. He's the only person that knew Cam the way she did, the only person that could understand even a fraction of her pain. We all know that, Si. We're not stupid. None of us can do for her what he can."

"Still here, y'know." I watch as Roxy does yet another shot.

"And now..." Iz trails off, ignoring me. "Now, she thinks she's lost him."

A guy approaches her and she smiles at him. I chew the inside of my cheek as they start up a conversation, and I can feel Iz and Si watching me carefully. Even Selena is glancing me at me across the room.

My jaw tightens when he leans in to her. Every part of my body goes on high alert. Who the f**k does this guy think he is hitting on my girl this way? Because she is. No matter what she says, she's f**king mine.

My fingers tighten on the side of the counter at that thought. There isn't a part of me that doesn't want to go over there and kiss the f**k out of her in front of everyone here.

"I think this is my cue," Iz mutters. She crosses the room and steps between Roxy and the guy. He moves back and lets Iz take him into the front room, and a bottle slams on the side next to me. I glance at Si.

Seems I'm not the only one that has issues tonight.

My eyes travel back to Roxy. They burn into her back, following her wherever she moves in the kitchen, tracing the lines of her body. They shoot daggers at any guy who looks like approaching her and eventually they get the message.

She's off limits. She's off limits to every motherfucker that isn't me.

"Here we go," Si says with too much amusement.

I look away from the guy approaching where Selena is standing and see Roxy storming toward me. Wordlessly, she grabs the front of my shirt and drags me after her. I shoot a look to Si over my shoulder, and he's laughing.

Roxy pushes the back door open and pulls me into the yard. She looks me over angrily, her hands on her hips. "What the f**k are you doing?"

"I'm pretty sure that's meant to be my line, isn't it?"

"I'd tell you not to be so stupid but you obviously came out with your jackass hat on tonight."

"Rox." I sigh. "Can we go and talk about this? Away from here. Please."

Her shoulders drop and she shrugs a little. "I don't know if I want to. I'm so f**king mad at you."

"So mad you decided to drink tonight."

She looks up at me. "I figured you had so little belief in me anyway it wouldn't matter."

The hell? "Wouldn't matter?"

"Yep. You think I'm gonna go do it anyway, so who cares?"

Who cares? Who cares?

"I f**king care!"

I want to grab her and shake her. I've tried everything and if this doesn't work, if I can't make her believe me, then I have no choice but to do the one thing I thought I could avoid. I want to beg her not to make me do it, but as every second passes without her speaking, I know I'm gonna have to.

I'm gonna have to take the biggest risk of my life.

I'm going to be walking away from her by the end of the night.

Chapter Twenty-Three - Roxy

He looks the way I feel. Angry and confused and hurting.

"But you still don't believe in me," I say softly.

"Jesus, Rox. I do, okay? I do." He frames my face with his hands. "I know you can do it."

"What if I can't? What then, Kyle? Will this happen again and again until we finally get it?" I step back. "What if this is me now?"

"This isn't you. We know it."

"No, we don't. We think we do. I don't know who I am. Do you get that? I don't know if I'm the old Roxy or the new Roxy or someone entirely different. Right now I think I'm the new Roxy and you hate her. You hate everything she is and everything she does and this," I gesture between us, "This wouldn't work."

"I could never hate you. You know that."

"No, I don't." I swallow. "You said yourself the person I was before is your Roxy. This person isn't, is she? Maybe we're just kidding ourselves. You don't want this Roxy, do you?"

"Fucking hell, Rox. I want you. I don't get how we've gone from a simple misunderstanding to you deciding I don't want you!"

"But you don't want this Roxy!" I yell, not caring there are faces pressed against the windows watching us and everyone in the yard is quiet and listening in. "This could be the person I am. It probably is. I guess..." I pause for a moment. I need to hold these tears back. Why does the truth have to hurt so much? Why does it have to break my heart even more?

Why can't the truth be beautiful for once?

"You guess what?"

I drop my eyes to the floor. "I guess if you don't want the person I could be, then you don't really want me at all."

I can't look up. I don't want to see his eyes as he realizes what I'm saying is true. Because it is. He said it himself - the old Roxy is his Roxy. I'll never be her again, not even if I try hard enough.

"The Roxy I know respected herself, she respected others, and she looked down on the kind of person you are right now. The Roxy I know? She had the most beautiful smile I've ever seen and never failed to make my day, even when she was just my best friend's kid sister. That's the Roxy I want - the Roxy you're trying to hide," he replies softly.

"I can't be the person you want me to be." My eyes fill and my heart cracks. Not just a little, it's a booming crack I feel right through my body. It's a shattering motion that could destroy my composure in seconds.

"Can't, or won't?"

I shake my head.

"Then I guess... I guess I'm done here."

Now I look up.

"If you want to destroy yourself this way, Rox, I can't stand by and watch it. I can't spend another night across a house from you while you drink yourself into oblivion. Keep it up and you'll be the one getting into a car because you're too drunk to think straight. Your parents will have to bury another child." He starts walking. Backward. Away from me. "If you wanna fall, you can, but I'm not going with you. I'm not going to watch you do this to yourself anymore."

He's going.

He's really going.

"I was right. You don't believe in me at all."

"Oh, I believe in you. The problem is that you don't. You don't believe in you, you don't believe in me, and you sure as shit don't believe in us. If you believed in us you wouldn't be here drinking tonight. And I wouldn't be walking away from us."

"Like you don't care. You wouldn't be walking away like you don't care." My voice breaks on the final word. My stomach knots and I feel sick. He's walking away.

But isn't this what I was trying to get him to do?

Yes.

No.

I was trying to get him to see what I see.

I didn't think it would end this way.

I didn't think it would hurt so much.

"I care, Rox. I care about you too much - so f**king much it hurts. You think I wanna do this? You think I wanna turn my back on you and leave you here? I don't, but you don't believe. You don't believe and I can't believe in us if you don't."

He turns and walks away.

"Kyle," I call his name. No no no. Don't go. "Kyle!"

"You've made it clear, Rox." His voice is sad. Fuck don't do this! "You said yourself you can't be my Roxy. In fact, you couldn't have said it any more times."

He disappears around the corner. I hold my hands against my stomach and bend down. The tears in my eyes threaten to escape and I shake my head.

He's right.

I said I can't be his Roxy anymore.

I said I can't try.

I said I don't believe in us.

He's right, and I'm wrong.

I'm naive and impulsive and that's my stupidity. I don't think before I do things. I let my temper control me and now look at me. I'm standing here staring at a black hole where he should be.

"What the f**k are you all looking at?" I yell at the people staring at me and run away from the house. I don't want to be here. I don't want to be anywhere near here. There's only one place I can be right now.

Cam.

I run toward the graveyard, holding my tears in the whole way, and crawl through a hole in the bushes. My feet take me to Cam's grave and I collapse on the floor there.

I let them go. I let the tears spill over and fall to the ground, and I rest my head against the headstone.

"I f**ked it, Cam. I finally got what I wanted and I f**ked it all up. Now I'm worse than I was before, because I still have neither of you, but this time I have twice the broken heart." I hold onto the cold marble. "I've made a mess of everything, and it's all my fault."

The tears are falling hard and fast. I'm alone. I'm so alone in everything, and I know it's all my own doing.

"What am I supposed to do?"

~

It should be raining. The sky should be dark and grey to match my mood, but it isn't. It's blue and bright and f**king sunny.

At least it's quiet in the cafe. I don't know if I could deal with having to be all sugar and sweetness today - I can barely smile.

"Well don't you look happy today?" My cousin's voice travels across the cafe. I glare at her as she sits in front of me. "I heard about what happened."

"No laptop?"

"Finished last night. I'm having a day off." She shifts in her seat. "Nice try, by the way. Are you okay?"

"Fine." I grab a mug and flick the coffee machine into action.

"Right. I get it. You don't want to talk about it."

I sigh and pour her coffee. "I don't know, Lou. I don't know what I want to do."

She takes the mug from me and looks at me sympathetically. "Apart from go home and have a good cry?"

I swallow and nod slowly. "That's pretty much it."

"Why don't you just apologize? You both made a mistake."

"It's not that easy." I rest my elbows on the counter and lean forward. "I mean, yeah, we both said shit we shouldn't have, but it's done now. It wouldn't work. He's walked away and I'm okay with that."

Louisa raises her eyebrows. "Wow. That's what you're telling yourself, huh?"

I have to tell myself I'm okay with it. If I don't, I don't know what I'll do.

"Roxy," she says softly. "Do yourself a favor and ask Aunt Myra if you can leave early. Just go home, cry, and go to sleep. You're allowed to do that, you know. She'd understand."

I shake my head. "No. I don't want to do that. I just..."

"Roxy, baby, go home." Mom comes out from the kitchen. "Lou, can you help out until Selena comes in later?"

"Are you paying me?" Louisa grins.

"Depends how good you are," Mom teases her.

"Okay. I'll take over." She turns to me. "See? Go home."

Mom strokes my hair. "You'll feel better. We'll talk later, okay?"

It doesn't look like I have a choice. I untie my ribbon strings and hand it to my cousin.

"Okay." I wave bye as I leave the cafe.

This is one of the times I'm glad Verity Point is so small. Sure, half the people that live here are probably watching me walk home right now, but at least I can get there quickly.

I close my bedroom door behind me, lean against it, and look around my room aimlessly.

Even being here reminds me of Kyle. Everything is him, from the photo on my dresser to the lingering scent of him on my pillow. I can't stay here any longer. I can't be in this room for another second.

I stuff some clothes into a backpack and get out of the house.

If there's no belief, there's no reason to stay.

Chapter Twenty-Four - Kyle

"Are you sure you're okay?"

"Iz, I'm fine. Just go, will you?"

She sighs. "Okay. I'm going to the cafe."

I'm not replying to that. I know why she's going, and I already have too much Roxy on my mind to be able to think about anything else. And knowing how she's hurting is the last thing I need.

Seeing the look on her face as I walked away near damn killed me. Her eyes held a sadness and shock I've never seen before. The pain in her voice when she called after me made me feel like the biggest dick in the world, but I had no choice.

I still have no choice.

This is my last option. Walking away from her, breaking both our hearts, it's all I have left to convince her to stop. One stupid little misunderstanding - one that we're both to blame for - and she jumped straight back into her old ways.

Yet I still can't believe I actually walked away from her.

If I'd been another guy, I would have punched me in the face by now. Shit, who am I kidding? I wanna punch me in the face anyway.

I get up and take the stairs to my room. Fuck everything today. Fuck everything that doesn't involve following my sister to the cafe to grab Roxy and apologize I'm blue in the face.

Nothing I do can save us from this fall out. I'm not stupid. The only thing that could is her coming to me, not the other way around. If I go to her the way I want to I'm forgiving her for everything she's done. I'm forgiving her for giving up on her, on us, and right now that's out of the question.

I never stopped believing in her. I never stopped believing in us. Not even for a minute.

Maybe I could have tried harder to make her believe me. Maybe I could have been honest with her. "I care about you" is such an understatement. It's the understatement of the goddamn f**king millennium!

If I could go back I would. If I could tell her how I really feel, if I could stay in her room instead of walk away, I would. I'd do everything differently and we wouldn't be here right now. She wouldn't have a broken heart, she wouldn't have had those tears in her eyes on Friday night, and she wouldn't have had to watch me go.

The irony of this situation is everything I've done this summer is to mend her broken heart... And now I've broken it all over again.

I never honestly thought I'd have to walk away from her. I thought - although I never planned it - us just being together would be enough. I thought I would be enough to make her stop the way she's been acting. I thought everything between us would be enough to make her give up the bad girl act.

Because she's not. No matter how many times she tells me she's not the person she was, that she's a different person now, I know otherwise. I've seen the person she was before Cam died. I've seen that smile and heard that laugh and seen that sparkle in her eyes. I've heard that teasing sarcasm and wit and seen that playful eye roll.

I've also seen the hurt and confusion. If she really didn't have any of the old Roxy left, she wouldn't have been hurt when I walked away. She wouldn't have cared. She can try to convince us both otherwise, but she's still my Roxy.

But that wasn't the Roxy I fell in love with.

I fell in love with the person she is right this second.

The Roxy that's lost and hurt, confused and alone, and most of all, heartbroken. Yet she's the Roxy that's not afraid to grab you by the balls and twist them. The one that's playful, sexy, and challenging one minute, then she's soft and gentle and quiet the next. She's a mixture of so many things, so many contradicting things, and I fell in love with all of those things.

I didn't walk away from the bad girl Roxy.

I walked away from the mixture of good and bad, the mixture of her past and present self.

I walked away from the girl I fell in love with.

And that makes it worse. That makes this whole clusterfuck of emotions running through me stronger. It makes it so much f**king worse because now I'm not thinking I need to do this for her own good. I'm thinking I need to get off my ass and go and get my girl back.

I have to remind myself walking away from her was my third and final option. I didn't expect it to hurt this way. I didn't expect us to fall in love and tear our own hearts out.

I guess the third time isn't always so lucky.

"Kyle!" Iz screams through heavy steps on the stairs. She flies through my bedroom door. "Kyle!"

I jump up and look at her. "What? What's wrong?"

"You have to do something." She swallows and blinks harshly, but I can still see the tears brimming in her eyes.

"What?"

"No one's seen or heard from her for three days. She's gone."

And just like that, everything stops. My heart pauses and my breathing ceases. Every muscle in my body tightens and I stare at my sister, hoping to f**k I'm thinking something different to what she means. Hoping the twisting and turning feeling in my stomach isn't telling me what I'm suddenly so scared of.

"Who?"

Iz puts her hand over her mouth.

"Iz. Tell me who!" I yell. Fuck. Please don't say it. Please don't say her name.

A tear spills from my sister's eye.

Please.

"Roxy. She's missing."

"Missing?" I repeat. My hands come up to my head and my fingers sink into my head. "What do you mean, she's missing?"

"She disappeared on Saturday afternoon. Myra called everyone in case Roxy was hiding there. She thought she'd be with Selena, but she isn't. She hasn't heard from her either."

"Layla?" I choke on her name.

Iz shakes her head. "Hasn't seen her since before... You know."

I nod. I know. "Why didn't she tell us? I've been sitting here feeling sorry for myself and she's been f**k knows where!"

"She didn't want to worry us. She thought she might have just taken off for a day or two to calm down. Apparently Roxy did that just after Cam died, but now she's worried. She's never disappeared for four days before."

I sink back to the bed and bury my face in my hands. "Has she called the cops yet?"

"No. She wanted to talk to us first... See if we might know where she is."

"Let's go then."

"Wait," Iz calls, running after me. "Kyle! That's not all."

"What? How can it get any f**king worse than the girl I'm in love with being god knows where?" I yell. "How?"

My sister grabs me and holds me in a way she hasn't since we were little. I clench my whole body, biting back the tears burning in the backs of my eyes.

I'm real f**king mad she's gone and no one knows where she's been. But I'm worried. And I'm scared. I've never been so scared about anything in my whole life. I thought I was scared of losing her before, but that fear was nothing compared to the one running rife through me right now.

The fear I could lose her for good.

She could be anywhere. With anyone. Doing anything.

I need to know Roxy is okay.

Nothing else matters except for that. Nothing else ever matters.

"Myra's broken down," Iz tells me when she releases me. "Really broken down. She's locked herself in the bedroom and is refusing to leave. She's just... God, Ky. She's just crying. She can't fight anymore and I'm worried about her. She won't let Ray in. She won't talk. All she's doing is crying."

I don't answer her. I pull the door open with all my strength and run toward her house. My feet pound against the asphalt as I run faster than I ever have.

Without Cam here, the only person that can be the strength in that family is me. I'm the only person left that can hold it together - and that's exactly what I'm going to do.

I burst through their front door and up the stairs, only just registering Iz panting behind me. Ray's leaning against Roxy's door, his shoulders hunched and his fists clenched at his side.

I spent half of my childhood looking up to this man as my second dad. I've seen him in every mood, from raging mad to laughing his ass off, but I've never seen him look so vulnerable. I've never seen him so broken.

I tear my eyes from him and bang on Myra's door. Once. Twice. Three times.

"Open the door, Myra!"

Nothing.

"C'mon, it's me." Bang. "Please."

Nothing.

Bang bang bang. "I swear, I'm not going anywhere until you open it! If I have to sit here until you open it then I will!"

Nothing. Nothing except the sounds of desperate sobs creeping through the gaps around the door. Nothing except the sounds of complete and utter despair.

Of surrender.

Of heartbreak in the purest, rawest sense of the word.

"Fine," I call through. "I'll just sit here until you come out."

I turn my back to the door and slide down it. Ray turns and hits me with destroyed, pale blue eyes full of questions. I meet his gaze and hold it steadily despite the shaking of my body.

"You lost your son, but you still have me."

Chapter Twenty-Five - Roxy

I stare at the penguins, my body pressed against the glass the way it has been so many times before. The chill of it calms me, and my fingers guide one of the penguins around as it follows my movements.

We're not so different, me and the penguins. Both of us are trapped in a place we don't want to be. There's no way of escaping, instead destined to live this way until some miracle happens, but they didn't choose this. I did.

I chose to trap myself. I chose to let my grief rule me, acting before thinking, speaking before pausing. And now I'm a penguin.

Cold. Alone. Trapped.

Stuck in an endless circle I'm not sure I have the power the change.

"Excuse me," a voice says behind me. "I'm going to have to ask you to leave. The zoo closed fifteen minutes ago."

"Oh. I'm sorry. I didn't realize." I push off the glass and head toward the exit.

The roads of Portland are filled with traffic from people rushing home to their perfect families for their perfect dinners after work. The streets are laden with couples going for an early dinner, children begging their parents for candy before they have their McDonalds treat, and teens joking, waiting to hear where the next party is.

I push through all of these, my mind intent on getting back to the motel I've been staying in. There I can drink until Layla gets me and we go to her cousins to drink again. There I can forget all the shit of this year and just be. I can drown in a never-ending sea of vodka and not remember. No memories. No feelings. No anything.

Because forgetting is all that matters. Being numb is all that really counts when you hurt too much to feel anymore.

I walk into my tiny room, the bang of the door against the doorframe sounding too final. But then everything else in the last few months has been final, so why not that too?

I sit on the bed and unscrew the cap on the vodka bottle. I bring it to my lips, relishing the burn as it goes down.

I've lost everything, even the thing I should have been able to hold on to. I never should have let Kyle go. I never should have let him walk away from me on Friday night. I should have chased after him, grabbed him and told him I was talking crap, that I need him.

I should have swallowed every stupid ounce of pride in my body and told him I'm in love with him.

Now it's too late. A f**k up of my own making. A disaster of my own doing.

I don't even want to think about him. I can't think about him. I don't want to think about his lips on mine or his fingers through mine. I don't want to hear his laugh in my ear or his voice teasing me. I don't want... I don't want...

I want everything. I want every single thing I threw away.

A part of me wants him even more than I want Cam. My heart cries out for them both, it's broken for the two guys in my life that were always there, but my soul screams for Kyle. It's my soul that's hitting me round the head with my own stupidity, stinging me with my own words, cutting me with my own cruelness.

And it's too late. He's gone. I'm gone.

A knock on the door pulls me from my reverie, and I put the now half-empty bottle on the nightstand. I shove some notes in the pocket of my pants and join Layla outside.

She says nothing as we get into her car and drive to her cousin's apartment. The differences between her and Selena are absolute. Selena wouldn't be taking me to a party like this to get wrecked - she'd be following me, making sure I was safe. She wouldn't be giving me my escape, she'd be fighting it. Iz too. Both of them would be holding me back and slapping me.

But they're not here. They're in Verity Point, doing who knows what, and I'm here, forgetting and numbing and sinking into an empty space.

Alex's apartment is a constant party venue. Since he lives in one of the seedier, run down areas on the edge of the city, no one cares what he does. I'm almost certain he lives beneath drug dealers and above a whore.

Eyes follow me as I pour a strong drink and down it. They follow me as I have another, and another, and they follow me into the writhing mass of drunken bodies grinding together. They're inquisitive and threatening and appreciative all at the same time.

It's the threatening look makes me pause. I don't know where it's coming from but it sends a spark of fear down my back. I look around the apartment, and unable to find it, I have another drink.

I'm probably imagining things. Scaring myself.

The night wanders on. I drink again and again, losing myself to the alcohol and the music the way I have for the last few days. Yet it's still there.

The look. The feeling of my every movement being watched. Of almost being stalked.

My eyes find the corner of the room, finally pinpointing the place it's coming from, and stare into a pair of dark brown eyes. I don't recognize them or the light hair or the stubble on his chin. I have no idea who he is.

But the way he's looking at me, the way he holds my gaze so intensely I'm afraid to turn away, tells me he knows me.

I swallow and turn my back to him. I'll give it half an hour, then I'll leave and head back to the motel. There isn't a single part of me that's comfortable here, and I don't want to stay any longer than I have to.

I'm drunk, not stupid.

I weave through the people here, slowly making my way to the door, and hope he doesn't notice me going in the dim light of the apartment. A big hope. I open the apartment door, unnoticed by the people crowded in the hallway, and slip out onto the street.

It's eerily quiet, and I wobble a little as I walk unsteadily. The urge to look over my shoulder overcomes me at the same time the feeling I'm being followed does. Out of fear, I don't look. I won't look. I can't look.

I look.

The guy from the party is behind me. Following me. Quickly.

I snap my head back around and take a deep breath. Oh god. What do I do? Do I run? That would look obvious. But I can't just walk like this. Fuck. Why is this out of town where there's nowhere to hide? If I were downtown I could walk into a restaurant or something.

"Roxy."

Shit. Keep walking. Keep walking. Pretend he's got the wrong person.

Footsteps behind me increase in volume and speed, and before I can think, a hand clasps round my arm.

"Nice try, but I know it's you."

The vodka gives me false bravado, and I turn to look at the guy. "Who the hell are you?"

"You don't remember me? I shouldn't be surprised," he sneers, his face morphing into anger. "You don't remember any of the guys you f**k, do you?"

My eyes widen and I try to pull my arm from his grasp. "I... don't know what you mean."

"Not all guys like being used." He leans closer to me, the beer on his breath making my nose wrinkle. "Any idea what that's like?"

"I really don't know what you're talking about." I try again to pull my arm away as panic bubbles in my throat. I'm suddenly stone cold sober, only aware of this guy in front of me. I step back and he moves with me.

"I couldn't believe it when I saw you here tonight. Seems like the perfect opportunity for you to know what it's like to be used, don't you?"

Breathe, Roxy.

"I don't... Please let me go," I beg, tugging my arm back for a third time. He grips my other arm and pulls me toward him. My body goes on red alert at the movement, and when he shoves me back against the wall, my throat constricts. I struggle against him but he isn't loosening his grip, even through my begs and pleas. I open my mouth to scream and-

"Shut up," he hisses, clamping his hand over my mouth. I bite down on his skin. Hard. He cusses at me, bringing a fist toward my face, colliding with my upper cheek. I trap my tongue between my teeth to stop myself screaming out, and this time I act instinctively, bringing my knee up to his pelvis.

He groans when I make contact with his balls and loosens his grip on me. I snatch myself from his grip and run like hell, my speed fueled purely by the adrenaline sprinting through my body. I don't dare to look behind me for a second. My hand is against my cheek, holding the throbbing there as if it can stop it, as I run.

I don't stop until I get back to the motel and lock myself in the room. Here, I lean against the door until I stop panting and the fear subsides. But I'm still shaking frantically, and I can't believe what almost happened.

Is that what I've caused?

I cross the room to the mirror and drop my hand from my face. My cheek and eye are red, and I know they'll bruise tomorrow, but I'll take a black eye over what could have happened any day.

The bed creaks as I sit on it, and I look at my reflection in the mirror. Flyaway hair, bruising face, chapped lips from running... What could have happened...

Have I really given myself a reputation that bad?

I know the answer is yes.

Chapter Twenty-Six - Kyle

Slowly, the door in front of me opens, and Myra steps out. Her hair is pulled into a bun on top of her head, her face is red and puffy, her eyes dull and lifeless. She's swirling in pain. I can feel it. I can touch it.

It's the strongest kind of pain, the most devastating. It's the kind that takes everyone else down with you.

"You're still there," she says quietly.

"Yeah." I rub my neck and stand. "Should really get a carpet up here. Wood floor isn't all that great to sleep on."

"You should have gone home."

"I told you I was staying until you came out," I remind her softly. "Wanna talk?"

She takes a deep breath and tears roll down her cheeks. "I..." I grab her as her legs buckle, and that shows me just how weak she is.

She's given up on everything.

Myra clutches at me and buries her face in my shoulder as she cries. It's the same cries as yesterday - hard and filled with unimaginable pain. Cries that make me want to join her.

I hold her the way I held Roxy when she broke down. I hold Myra until she's exhausted and can't cry anymore.

"Let's go downstairs." I wrap an arm around her waist. "Have a hot drink and some toast and you'll feel better."

"I'm not hungry, Kyle. I just want my baby girl back."

I swallow harshly. You and me both. "A hot drink at least. Tea."

She hesitates, but gives in. She knows I'm not giving in.

I sit her at the kitchen table and turn my back as Ray comes in. "Is Iz still here?"

"No, Son," Ray answers. "She left late last night after making sure I was okay."

Three cups it is then.

I join my second parents at the table. "I can't believe she's disappeared."

"You were our last hope," Ray says sadly. "We thought she might be with you."

"No. I haven't seen her since Friday night." Guilt snakes through me. Fuck.

"She left on Saturday. Myra sent her home from the cafe early and when we got back, she was gone. Didn't think much of it. It's not exactly a surprise when she takes off - she did it a few times after Cam died - but Selena always knew where she was, and she always came back. Five nights is the longest she's been gone, and we're the last people to see her."

"Have you called the police?" I look at Myra and nudge the mug closer to her. "Drink."

"No," she answers in a small voice, lifting the mug. "I thought... I thought she'd come back by now. I'm too scared to call them. I'm too scared something bad has happened to her."

"Isn't it better to know?"

"No. Cam, and then her... If anything has happened to her... I don't know what I'd do, Kyle." She shakes. "I can't lose both of my babies. I can't."

Tears glisten in Ray's eyes as he pulls her close and looks over her shoulder. I shake my leg to keep my own composure. Someone here has to be strong and it has to be me. I need to be the glue that holds them together.

I owe my best friend that.

"Right." I stand. "Where are the keys to the cafe?"

"What?" Ray asks.

"Someone has to open the cafe. You need that cafe to live. If it isn't open, you aren't making money. I've been there enough time when it's opened to know how it works."

"Kyle, you don't have to."

"No, I do," I say firmly and hold out my hand. "I'll call the girls. Iz and Louisa can cook and I'll stay out front with Selena. I'll even put an order in for you."

"Kyle."

"Keys." I give my hand a shake for good measure. "You two need each other and I need to do something useful, so let me have them."

~

"She's really that bad?" Louisa asks from across the counter.

I nod. "She's too scared to call the cops. I think that says it all, don't you?"

"Poor Aunt Myra," she whispers. "I can't believe Roxy would do this. She hasn't exactly thought of anyone since Cam died, but I didn't think she'd be this selfish."

"I guess she felt like she has nothing left." I swallow. "I'm partly to blame. I walked away from her, Lou. I thought it might be the kick she needed - I didn't think she'd run off to Portland. I took a risk and it wasn't worth it."

She punches me in the arm. Hard.

"The hell was that for?"

"This is not your fault!" she yells. "This is no one's fault. It's not even Roxy's. This is a f**k up none of us saw coming. You didn't know she'd do this when you walked. And y'know what? I'm glad you did. Walking away from her was the best damn thing you could have done, Kyle. Eventually, she'll get the kick she needs, and we all know you'll be waiting for her."

"How do you know that?"

"Because your heart breaks in your eyes every time someone says her name."

It breaks everywhere else too.

"Fine. Don't you have cooking to do?"

"Yep. I'm just taking a moment to think this would be a really good story."

I shake my head and direct her toward the kitchen. "Go."

The bell above the door rings as the Stevens sisters come in. "Is she back yet?"

"No. We still haven't found her."

"Oooh dear," Marie fusses.

"I wish we could do something to help," Iyla adds.

"You can," I smile at them sadly. "You can hope."

Chapter Twenty-Seven - Roxy

I'm trying to fight the pounding in my head and throbbing in my cheek by staring at the blank screen of my cell phone. The afternoon sun is glaring through the dirty window, illuminating my bed and dancing off the screen.

I haven't switched the phone on since I left Verity Point. It's stayed in the drawer of the night stand, off, probably collecting messages. Such a huge part of me wants to turn it on to see them, but I know they'll make me go back and I can't.

I head out of my motel room and walk downtown. The fresh air helps to clear my head, and when my legs get sore from walking, I detour to McDonalds and order a Happy Meal. I open the box and pull out the toy. Optimus Prime.

Kyle's favorite.

Sigh. I tuck the tiny figure into my pocket and stare out the window as I eat. If it's not Cam, its Kyle, and vice versa. One of them is always in my head and hurting my heart. Time flies as I sit here, letting the world pass me by.

And I'm wondering if I'm numb always. Is there too much pain inside me that I really can't feel anything anymore? No. I can still feel - it's why they encompass my every waking moment, stealing my thoughts.

I stare at my cell again and turn it on, switching it to airplane mode before any messages come through. It's to the point I don't even know the date. Last night was a wake up call, a kick up the ass, but that doesn't change the fact I've spent all day every day in a state of oblivion since I left home.

Shit. The date.

I go to my calendar, and I'm taunted by the red dot on the space showing five days ago. Taunted. Warned. Threatened. It stares at me and I blink at it, frozen in this spot. I don't know how I missed that.

I don't know how I missed being late.

~

Run. That was my first thought as I left McDonalds two days ago. Run and hide and get out of Portland. I can't drink now - how can I? How can I do that knowing there could be something... a baby... growing inside me? I can't. No way.

I left the restaurant, stopped by a drugstore and the motel, and got the bus back to Verity. For the last two days I've been hiding out at the gorge trying to clear my head.

I need to run, and this is the only place I have to hide.

My hand grazes over the tree trunks while I walk around aimlessly. The rough bark is much like my thoughts; chopping and changing every second. I can barely think straight for all the craziness up there right now.

I know hiding isn't the answer, and I know I can't hide up here forever, but I can't go home without knowing. It would be easier if I could talk to someone about this, but I can't. If I'm too scared to answer myself there's no way I can answer someone else right now.

Besides, the one person that needs the answer isn't around. The one person that deserves the truth and would hold me as I wait isn't here. That's something I only have myself to blame for.

I pushed him away. I pushed him away with the same force I held him to me with so many times. I'd do anything to pull him back to me right now. I'm just too stubborn to apologize.

I'm too stubborn and afraid and guilty to grab my phone and dial his number. I'm too chicken to give him the truth he deserves. The truth he needs.

The truth that's both our faults. It's the age old cliche as always - caught up in the moment and forgot to use protection. I've never forgotten before - ever - but I did with Kyle. I forgot to reach into the drawer in my nightstand and grab the little foil packet.

If I had I wouldn't be here now. I wouldn't be hiding out like a fugitive, bathing in my own guilt and fear. I'd be in Portland still, probably, wondering what the hell to do. Wondering whether to come home or not.

Now the white box taunts me as the corner of it pokes out of my bag. It begs me to rip off the plastic wrapping and get the answer I'm so desperately craving. But I won't. I won't because I keep hoping I'll get the courage to call him...even though I know it's not gonna happen.

My cell screen blinks at me as I check through the calendar one more time like I've miscounted one hundred times. I haven't.

Silence.

That's all that's here.

It lets me think. It makes me think.

I've accepted no one is going to find me up here. It really is the perfect hiding place. There's no prying eyes, no whispers, no anything.

I didn't go home last night. I wanted to, but I'm not ready to talk to anyone yet. I'm not ready to tell everyone what's going on.

Hell, I need to find out for myself still.

The little white box stares at me again. The words burn into my brain, searing into my memory, and it's just begging me to pick it up.

It's the only way I'll get my answer. I'm a week late now. I either am or I'm not.

I don't know what I'll do if I am.

I don't know how I'll tell Kyle.

I grab the box and pull off the plastic wrapping. My fingers run around the edges of the box, my eyes following their path.

I could know in five minutes. I could have the answer I've been waiting for. I could put an end to my wondering and my worrying and find out for certain.

I could.

I don't know if I will. I don't know if I'm still ready to know, as crazy as the not knowing is driving me.

Maybe I will.

Maybe I won't.

Chapter Twenty-Eight - Kyle

I slam my phone down on the sofa. Another call reaching voicemail. At this point I have to ask myself if the only reason I'm calling her is to hear her voice, like that means she's okay.

"When did you last see her?"

"Ten days ago," Ray answers. "She'd had a rough night so we let her leave work early on Saturday."

"A rough night? How?"

"We broke up," I offer quietly. Guiltily. Myra reaches forward and grasps my hand, squeezing my fingers with what little strength she has left.

Ten days and she's finally accepted calling the cops is our only option, no matter what the outcome is.

"Okay." The officer scribbles something on her pad. "And you say her brother died at the beginning of the year? Cameron?"

Myra nods.

"Ah, I remember that," the other cop says, shaking his head. "Terrible crash."

We're all silent for a moment. Like we need him to tell us that.

"And you think her disappearing act is related to that?"

"Of course it is." My sister walks through the front door. "Everyone knows that."

"Iz," I warn.

"And you are?" The officer raises his eyebrows in her direction.

"Her best friend and a psychology major, more than qualified to answer questions on her state of mind."

"Iz!" I stand. "Go home."

"My best friend is missing and you want me to go home?"

"Yeah. I'll call you later. Please, Iz."

She sighs heavily. "I came to get the cafe keys. I'll open today."

"On the side in the hall," Ray tells her.

"Thanks." She grabs the keys, glances at us all, and slams the door behind her.

I sit down and look at the cops. "I'm sorry about my sister. She's worried about Roxy."

"Its fine," the older officer answers. "So to summarize, you kids broke up, she left work, then disappeared. And she definitely went of her own choice?"

"Yes," Myra answers.

"The combination of those things, and her brother's death, caused her to run, correct?"

Run.

"That's correct."

"Do you have any idea where she would hide?"

Hide.

"I know," I say slowly. "I know where she is."

Of course. There's only place she'd go.

Our spot.

I push past the officers and run into the gorge like I'm possessed. Branches catch my shirt but I don't care. I can't believe I didn't think of this straight away. I should have known.

This is where I took her to hide when she needed to run.

I gave her the escape and the hideout.

Now I need to be her rock.

I need to fix this and take her home. Where she belongs.

I pause at the small clearing. She's sitting against a tree, her knees bent up, and she's looking at something in her hands. She puts her legs down and I get a glimpse of what's in her hands.

A white stick.

What is...?

Oh shit.

"Something you wanna share, Rox?"

Chapter Twenty-Nine - Roxy

Oh no.

Slowly I raise my eyes and swallow. Kyle's standing between two trees, his hands resting on each of them, and his eyes steady on me.

"How did you find me?"

"Doesn't matter." He walks toward me and I try to hide the test. It's pointless. He's already seen it. He knows what it is.

"Um," I stutter.

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"I don't know yet," I whisper. "I'm still waiting."

He takes a deep breath and sits on the ground next to me, looping his arms around his knees. "I'm waiting with you. Then you can tell me what motherfucker gave you that black eye."

He doesn't ask who's baby it would be if it's positive. He doesn't doubt for a second it'd be his.

I nod slowly and pull the test back out from my sleeve. The little hourglass is spinning in the bottom corner of the screen and every turn seems like an hour instead of a second. My hand is shaking as I hold onto the test. My heart is pounding with fear, spreading it through my body. I feel sick. I can't breathe. Until-

"Negative," I breathe out.

I drop the test as relief hits me. My hands rubs down my face and I let out a long breath. Kyle's eyes are burning into the side of my head, and I know it's time to be honest with him.

"Why didn't you tell me?" he asks softly.

"That night... The first time we had sex, on Iz's birthday, we didn't use protection." I stand and walk a couple of steps. "I drove to Portland the next afternoon and got the morning after pill when I realized, and I thought it was taken care of. I didn't think about it anymore, like, at all. I completely shut it out. On Saturday, when I left work... I went to Portland with Layla. You didn't believe anymore, so I had nothing left to believe in, and I practically drank the week away. That's how I got this." I touch my cheek and relay to him what happened that night.

"He didn't do anything to you, did he?"

"Not apart from this. I kneed him in the balls and ran like hell." I take a deep breath and continue before he can stop me. "But this... I only realized I was late two days ago. I didn't tell you because I was scared. Maybe it would have been different if we didn't break up... But I couldn't just call you up and be all, "Hey, I know you just walked away from our relationship, but just so you know, I could be having your baby," could I? That's why I didn't tell you. I was hurting and I was scared."

The ground crunches beneath his feet. Kyle grabs me and pulls me into his chest, wrapping his arms tightly around my body. I circle his waist with my arms and bury my face into him the way he is to me as tears drip from my eyes.

"Fuck the break up," he says into my hair. "It doesn't matter anymore. I wish you'd told me, Rox. You wouldn't have had to run and hide and do that test alone. You have to know I would have been here."

I shake my head. "I thought you didn't care. What if it had been different?"

"It wouldn't have mattered!" He pulls back and lifts my face so he's looking in my eyes. "I would have been here either way for whatever. The break up is all bullshit. Everything I said is crap. It means nothing, okay? Forget it ever happened. I don't care about that anymore. I just care you're okay. That's all that matters to me. I've been so f**king worried about you, you can't even imagine."

He presses his lips to mine, and I sink into his hold, feeling a tiny piece of my heart mend.

"I really thought you didn't care," I whisper in a thick voice, dropping my eyes.

"Oh, Rox." He laughs and strokes my cheek with his thumb. "I more than f**king care about you. I love you."

Hold your horses. My eyes snap up to his. A small smile is playing on his lips, his eyes clear and raw.

"Wha?" is all I manage.

"I love you. I love you. I love you. The old you and the new you. Every part of you. I fell for the person you are right now and I wouldn't have you any other way. You don't have to change to be the person I want you to be because you're already there. You're already her."

I swallow, his words sinking in, and run my fingers through his hair. "Really?"

"Yep." He nods. "I. Love. You. Are we clear?"

"Not quite." I step closer to him and let my lips curl into my own smile. "We're missing something."

"We are?"

I curl my other hand around his neck and pull his face down to mine. I touch our lips together firmly, and he brings our bodies together. His arms wrap my waist and mine wrap his neck until there's no space between us.

"Kyle?" I whisper.

"Roxy?"

I open my eyes to his and stare at him for a moment. "I love you too."

~

"I'm sorry. For last week." I run my finger up and down his arm.

"Me too," he replies.

"I should have listened to you. I shouldn't have gone mad at you when you asked me if I'd bought from Layla."

"I shouldn't have asked you, Rox. I should have trusted you."

"Yeah, maybe, but I should have believed you enough to know you didn't ask to piss me off."

"It would have been a success if that was my aim," he mutters into my hair.

"Shut up." I smile. "I'm sorry for being a bitch to you too. I was just trying to make a point, I guess."

"Well it worked," Kyle gives me. "Although I don't think it was quite the outcome we were expecting."

I shake my head. "I didn't actually think you would walk away the way you did," my voice trails off.

"Hey." Kyle holds me tighter to him and I turn my face to look at him when he puts his fingers in my hair. "I was bluffing. Do you really think I could have walked away from you like that? I was always going to come back to you. Always."

"Then what took you so long to get here?" I tease.

"I only just realized where you were. I've been living at your parents for the last few days looking after your mom and running the cafe with the girls."

"Looking after my mom?" my voice quivers.

"Uh... Crap. She broke down when you disappeared."

Tears burn my eyes. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have run away."

Kyle pulls me tight to him. "Shit, Rox. You scared the ever-loving life out of me. I've never, ever felt that way before and I hope I never have to again. I was so f**king scared you were gone. Really gone."

"I'm sorry," I repeat.

"As soon as I realized you were here I left your house like my ass was on fire. Would you believe I got up here in less than ten minutes?" He raises his eyebrows and smirks.

I grin. "Impressive. Did you have Red Bull for breakfast or something?"

"No. I just needed you."

I curl into him, feeling every part of our bodies touching.

After everything we're here. Heartbreak from death and heartbreak from love. And I'm sitting here, his arms around me, and wishing we didn't have to move.

"Please don't ever do that again." His voice is thick with emotion, and I hug him tightly.

"I promise. Never again."

"Good. I love you too much to feel like that again."

"As long as you promise to never walk away like that again."

He opens his eyes to mine. "I promise. Only you."

"Always you."

Our lips linger together for a long moment.

"We have to go now, don't we?" I ask in a small voice.

"Yep." He sighs. "I text your mom so she knows you're okay, but she'll want to see you. She's so worried about you, Rox."

I swallow. Guilt hits me hard. "I know. I've been so horrible to her, and Dad."

"As much as I hate to, I have to agree with you. You've been pretty f**king awful."

"You know, I can be mad at you again if you want."

Kyle laughs and helps me stand. "Just because you're not mad at me anymore doesn't mean I won't still tell you as it is. Besides, you don't stay mad at me for long."

I glance at him. "That can be changed, you know."

He grabs me from behind and wraps his arms around my shoulders. "No, it can't be. We usually end up very close after you've been mad at me, so you won't let it last too long."

Damn him for being right.

"And as much as I hate to let you go, you do have to go and talk to your mom... And the police."

Uh-uh. I did it this time, didn't I?

"Stay." I stop and turn. "Please. Even if you're just in the house."

"You have to do this, not me."

"I know that." I fist the front of his shirt and rest my forehead against his chest. "But it's gonna hurt, isn't it? I'm gonna have to remember it all. I'm gonna have to be honest about how much I've been hurting. And... We're gonna talk about the night he died." My chest tightens. "You're the only person I've spoken to about it."

He strokes my back and takes a deep breath. "Okay, but I'm staying upstairs. This is your talk with your parents - you guys have a lot to sort out. I'm only staying because I know you'll need me after."

We're both thinking about the day I broke down in the woods and told him about the night Cam died. There's no way I could have stayed sane if it wasn't him holding me after.

"Thank you," I whisper.

Kyle kisses the top of my head. "Come on. Let's take you home."

I walk back with him, his arm wrapped around my body which is curled into him. Nothing is scaring me more than the conversation I know I'm about to have with my mom and dad. This is going to be as hard as walking away from the hospital.

Except this time I'm not numb. By the time we left the hospital, I'd gone through every emotion I could and I was exhausted. I'd cried and screamed and hit the walls. I'd screamed even louder and sobbed even harder and given everything into trying to break the wall. When we left, I had nothing left to give. I had nothing left to feel.

This time I have it all.

I have the pain and the anger. I have the sadness and the guilt. I have the grief and the regret.

This time, I have Kyle.

I can't help but wonder how different the last few months would have been had he come back for the funeral. If he'd been here we would have had each other like we do now.

If he'd been here, I might have been going to college this year instead of next.

"Ready?" he squeezes my shoulders.

I nod and we turn the corner. I'm as ready as I'll ever be, at least.

"Roxy." Mom runs to me as soon as Kyle opens the door, and I fall into her embrace. Dad's arms go around us both, and they're both crying.

It hits me now, between both my parents, how selfish I've been. They've needed me as much as I've needed to forget, but I didn't think about them. All I could think about was myself, my own pain, my own guilt.

I lost my brother, but they lost their son.

That day we all lost a member of our family. We all lost our best friend, our light, our joker. We all lost our star.

"I'm sorry," I cry into Mom's shoulder. "I am so, so sorry."

"You're here now." Dad kisses the side of my head. "Everyone is exactly where they should be."

Chapter Thirty - Kyle

Roxy's bedroom door opens and she walks in slowly. Her eyes are ringed in red and there's tear stains on her cheeks. She gives me a small, sad smile that damn near breaks my heart, and I hold my arms out to her. She runs across the room and falls onto my lap, burying her face in my neck. I squeeze her as tight as I can without hurting her and kiss her neck. Her body shudders as she lets out a long breath.

"Okay?" I ask softly.

She nods. "As okay as I can be, I guess. We talked, got everything out, and there was a lot of apologizing and crying. They've gone to open the cafe now. I think we all need a bit of space."

"Good. Do you feel better?"

She nods again but doesn't say anything. I sigh and rest my cheek on top of her head, squeezing her a little, holding her a lot. For a long time.

"Thank you," she whispers after a while, looking up at me.

My lips curve on one side. "For what?"

"For being here. You were kinda late - okay, six months late - but I seem to remember you never come on time."

"I'm always on time," I mutter. "It's not my fault if you're always early."

"Kyle!" she squeals, her lips parting.

"What?" I grin. "You left that wide open for my interpretation."

"It's not the only thing I've left open for that."

My jaw drops. "Roxy!"

Her eyes twinkle, and she mock pouts. "What?"

"It's a damn good job you're stuck with me, you know that? I'm certain no one else can handle you."

"It's not my fault if I'm a handful."

I creep my hand between us and cup her breast. "And a very nice handful you are too."

She laughs, the sadness in her eyes now replaced with a sassy spark. "I'm not the only handful here, Daniels." Her hand goes down and her fingers curl over my dick. It twitches at her touch and gets hard the second I see her lidded eyes staring down at me.

"Handful?" I push her round until she's lying on her back on her bed. "I think you mean handfuls, Roxanne."

"One and a half if you're lucky," she murmurs.

"Forgotten already, have you?" I run my nose along her jaw and my breath covers her neck.

She shivers. "Forgotten what?"

"That's my ego you're bruising." I touch my lips to her collarbone.

"You have plenty spare." She slides her hands beneath my shirt and runs them across my back, her fingers dipping just beneath my jeans and circling to the front.

My jaw twitches when they reach the button. "My ego isn't my fault. There's this girl I know. She's amazing, sweet, and she's damn beautiful. And she's just about the sexiest thing I've ever seen, and she wants me. Can you blame me for having a big ego when I get to be the envy of almost every guy who has ever laid eyes on her?"

My lips hover over hers, and I feel her smile although we're not touching.

"You're in the wrong place then. There's no sweet girl here."

I laugh. "You're sweet and spicy, Roxy. Just how I like it."

"Yeah? I left the sweet in the hall. Just the spicy here." She unclasps the button deftly and hooks her fingers inside the waistband of my boxers to make her point.

"Good job you did."

I finally touch my lips to hers. She sighs against my mouth and wriggles beneath me. She tugs me down and snatches her hand from my pants just before my hips hit hers. Her legs go round my waist, holding me to her, and the action presses me against her.

My dick hardens even more when she pushes her hips up. I run my hand down her thigh, and it's so f**king hard not to rip her clothes off right now. Every movement she's making beneath me is precise and perfectly executed. She knows exactly what she's doing - there's no way she can't feel the way my c**k is pressing into her through both of our jeans. Every arch, every shift, every wriggle, it's all deliberate.

She pulls her lips away and kisses along my jaw to my ear. "Looks like I'm open for your interpretation again."

I smile and dip my hand in the back of her jeans, cupping her ass.

Interpret I f**king shall.

~

"I can't even take the blame for that one." I shake my head. "That was all Cam's idea."

"C'mon!" Roxy says in disbelief. "You expect me to believe it was all Cam's idea to steal everyone's dressing gown cords and tie them to the top of the bunk beds so you two could bungee jump from them?"

Ah, that was fun.

"Yep."

"I don't believe it. You had some say in it."

"He came up with it, and my say was it'd be fun." I grin at her and squeeze her hand. "Cling filming your door? That was all me, baby."

"Of course it was. Every stupid f**king prank you two ever played on me was your idea!"

No arguing with the truth. "I told you before. I wanted you to like me." I wink.

"I actually think I hated you until I was fourteen."

"Then what? You woke up one day and decided I wasn't an ass**le?"

Her lips curl. "Who said I've decided that?"

"Don't make me whip out the jackass, Hughes."

"I happen to like your jackass, Daniels." She swings our hands between us. "No, I just decided I kinda... liked... you."

I don't miss the inflection on the word "liked". Oh, hello... Maybe I should have stolen her diary like Cam tried to get me to several times.

"Liked, huh?" I spin in front of her and stop. "How much did you like me?"

She purses her lips.

"Roxy..." I smirk and look down at her, glad her black eye has finally faded. "Did you have a crush on me when you were fourteen?"

Her tongue snakes out and across her bottom lip, and the slight flush of her cheeks answers my question.

"No," she blatantly lies. "You were my brother's ass**le best friend."

"You're a terrible liar." I start walking again and pull her with me.

"I'm so not lying!"

"You so are."

She mutters something under her breath. "Fine. I had a crush on you when I was fourteen."

"And fifteen, and sixteen, and seventeen, and eighteen..." I tease her.

"God, I know. What was I thinking?"

"You were thinking very smartly."

"Does that make me a genius now?"

I smile and stop, not caring we're in the middle of a street in Portland. I pull her into me and push some hair from her face.

"Why would you be a genius?"

"You're just trying to make me say it again, aren't you?"

"Maybe."

"You're such a girl."

"Watch it." I start walking again. "You wouldn't want anyone here to see how much of a girl I'm not."

"Promises, promises." She sighs. "Hey, Kyle?"

"Yes, Roxy?"

She tugs on my hand and stands on her tiptoes so her lips are by my ear. "I love you."

My lips twitch the way they do whenever she says it. "Smart girl."

Roxy slaps my chest. "Ass."

I drop her hand, wrap my arm around her shoulders, and pull her into me. "I love you too."

I'll never get tired of hearing it or saying it. So what if falling in love with her wasn't my plan? Somehow we got here and I wouldn't change this for the world.

Maybe she has a point with the "girl" stuff.

"Smart guy." She curls into me.

"Debatable."

"It's amazing how much jackass you put into one word."

I grin. "Just trying to get in your pants again, babe."

She laughs. "I'm not wearing pants."

"In your pants, up your dress, either one works for me." I shrug. "Admittedly the dress would be easier."

Roxy runs her fingers through her hair and looks up at me. Her lips are curved on one side, her eyes wide and shining in amusement.

"You just want me for my sex."

"And your hands. And your mouth. Oh, and your boobs. Definitely for your boobs."

She laughs again, louder, and pokes me in the stomach. "You're crazy."

"I could go for a really cheesy response to that, but I think I'll settle for a, "You're just realizing this?""

"Mild or mature?"

I raise an eyebrow at her. "You what?"

"For your cheesy response. Mild or mature?"

"Now who's the crazy one?" I tap her nose. "For the record, it would have been extra mature."

A giggle leaves her and I can't help but laugh with her. Since she spoke to her parents a few days ago it's like a huge weight has lifted off her shoulders. You can see it in everything she does; she's more playful, more teasing. Even when she's at work she's happier.

Walking away from her was the best thing I could have done. It killed us both but now she's like the girl I remember her being. Sure she's older, more mature, and a hell of a lot f**king sexier, but the way she laughs and jokes is the Roxy I grew up with.

She's not perfect. She's stubborn as shit and challenges me at every turn, but I kinda like it.

I just hope she won't challenge me now.

"Let's get food."

"From where?"

"Wherever you want, Rox."

"McDonalds."

I stop. "Are you f**king serious?"

She looks up at me. "What?"

"I just told you we can get dinner wherever you want, and you pick McDonalds?"

"What's wrong with Maccy's?" she demands.

"Nothing. I just..." I shake my head. "Never mind."

"I don't do fancy restaurants. I'd rather have a burger and fries."

"Okay, strange girl. If you want fast food, Maccy's it is."

We turn off the street and walk in the direction of McDonalds. I can't believe she picked fast food. It's not exactly the place I imagined when I pictured myself asking her to come to Berkeley with me.

I pictured actual waiters, not Ronald f**king McDonald.

We order our food and Roxy finds a table while I wait for it. I didn't know girls ordered large meals until now, and I say as much when I sit down.

"Psh." She scoffs. "I'm not a stick. If I want to eat crap food, I will. I'm hardly going to get fat from one large burger and fries, am I?"

If I wasn't already in love with her, I definitely am now.

"I'll just have to do a little more exercise." She shrugs, pauses, then points a fry in my direction. "And before you say anything, mister, that exercise has been considered and accepted."

Yep. I love this girl.

"And here I was with a book full of ideas to convince you." I sigh.

"There might be a part of me that still needs convincing."

"Right here?"

She throws a fry at me. "You're insatiable, Daniels."

"Maybe, maybe not." I smirk. "I don't think I will ever get enough of you. That's all."

"Too much of me isn't necessarily a good thing."

"Depends who you ask. And what you're doing too much of..."

"I think I can guess where this is going."

I grin. I could sit here forever and banter with her, back and forth constantly. I'll never get tired of her smart-ass remarks, her sarcasm, or her teasing comments. And I'll never get tired of being able to follow through with that banter afterward.

"I need to ask you something," I say slowly.

"Uh-oh." Roxy puts her milkshake down. "What did I do this time?"

I laugh. "Nothing. I just need to ask something."

"Well stop babbling and ask me."

I kick her under the table, and she does it back. "Have you thought about what'll happen when I go back to California in a few weeks?"

The small smile lingering on her lips fades, and she drops her eyes. "No."

"I have."

She nods quietly. I take a deep breath, staring at her. Here goes nothing.

"I want you to come with me."

Her eyes snap up. They're wide in shock, and her lips are parted. "What?"

"Come with me. To California."

"You live in a frat house, Kyle."

I shake my head. "Mom and Dad saved up money for our college funds. We had the choice of it paying our tuition or renting an apartment for a year when we hit sophomore year. We both picked an apartment. And we have our trust funds from our grandparents - not much there, but enough to get started with somewhere to live."

"And you've not touched a dollar of it?"

"Nope. We were told when we were eighteen about the funds, and Iz and I both decided the same thing. It makes sense - we have a place to live and when we finish college we can stay, but if we go, we already have the money invested the apartment to find another."

She looks down again and dips a fry repeated in ketchup. "I guess. So you're moving into an apartment when you go back?"

"Yep."

"And you really want me to come with you?"

"You were going to go to UCLA anyway, right? Live with me in Berkeley, then move there next year. There are loads of places in California offering the courses you need."

Including Berkeley. But I'm not going to tell her I know that... Or that I searched Berkeley specifically.

"I know." She looks up again, her eyes meeting mine. "Berkeley does too."

My lips twitch.

"I just looked for... I don't know. Weighing up my options, you know?"

I nod and let my lips lift up at the corners. I'm not sure who she's trying to fool.

"It's a good school," I comment, wanting to see how far she'll take this.

"Right. And I mean, I wanna go to a good school."

"Yep."

"And the weather would be a nice change to Oregon."

"Definitely."

"But it's a lot to think about."

I grab her hand across the table and hold in my amusement. "Moving with me would be totally beneficial. You'd get to see the college and the area and decide if it's where you want to go."

"I suppose. But don't you have a rabid fan base down there would who chew me up and spit me out?"

The thought makes me laugh loudly. "I can think of about four girls who have an attitude to rival yours, and none of them are in my supposed fan base, so I think you're safe on that side."

We get up and throw our wrappers in the trash before leaving.

"Good to know." She muses.

"Roxy."

"What?"

"Stop being a dick and answer the question."

"I'm sorry. What was the question again?"

Pain in my ass. I stop and pull her to me. "Come to Berkeley with me."

"That's an order, not a question."

"You're making this hard for me deliberately, aren't you?"

Her eyes twinkle with amusement, her lips turned up at the corners. "Maybe," she says quietly.

"Do you want an epic declaration of love? McDonalds roof looks easy to climb on." I make to move, and she shrieks and grabs my shirt.

"No! No, no epic declarations needed today, thank you." She laughs. "Ask me again."

"Fine." I tuck her hair behind her ear. "Roxy, will you come to Berkeley with me?"

She wraps her arms around my neck and squeezes. "Only if you promise to give me an epic declaration of love when we get there."

I smile into her hair. "I think I can do that."

"Then yes. I'll come with you. To check out the area," she adds in a teasing lilt.

"But of course." I kiss her softly.

Just like walking away, the question was worth the risk.

Chapter Thirty-One - Roxy

It's funny how things change.

Your life can change in the time it takes you to blink - for better or worse - and there's nothing you can do to change it. You have to take the curveballs life throws at you and take the hit. You have to take the fall and pull yourself back up, however hard it might be, however you can.

You might not always pick the right way, but that's okay. No one is perfect and no one can be expected to get it right all of the time. Making mistakes doesn't necessarily matter; it's acknowledging them and making it right that matters.

I never knew what would happen to Cam so I couldn't change it. I've accepted that now. I'll always have a lingering piece of guilt inside for letting him get in the car with Stu, but I have to remind myself that was his choice. Cam's. Not mine. For all I knew, we'd have a safe drive and we'd all get to where we were going in one piece. I couldn't have guessed how that night would end.

You can't change what you can't predict.

My life, the way I've been dealing with that night, is one thing I can change. I can stop drinking, doing drugs, sleeping with the wrong guys. I can stop going to parties until I'm ready to.

I've faced up to my mistakes now and I've apologized for them. I can't do anything but stop myself making them again, and that's easier when you have someone by your side who believes in you. When you have someone who understands you, who gets you, it's easier.

Kyle knows my pain because he feels it too. I hate the fact losing Cam is the thing that brought us together, but that's another thing I can't change. Of course I'd give up Kyle for Cam if I had the choice, but I think if Cam had the choice he'd have it this way.

He'd rather have me happy and in love than loving from afar. Even if the person I love is his best friend.

I still can't bring myself to say "was" a lot of the time. In my heart he's my brother. He'll always be my brother the way he'll always be Kyle's best friend. We haven't stopped loving him just because he's dead. He's still alive inside of us, and that's what matters.

Although I would have really liked him to be around when Kyle pulled his walking away stunt.

I hate him for that, but it's the best thing he could have done. He was all I had then, and I didn't know how low I was until I hit the bottom. His walking away hit me harder than I ever thought it would be, and I don't think I realized how I really felt about him until he did that. How I do feel about him.

And the truth of it is I'm completely and utterly, heart-wrenchingly, skin-tinglingly, unquestionably in love with him.

He knew what I needed when I didn't. He knows when to hold me, when to tease me, when to laugh at me, when to drive me to the brink of insanity and when to bring me back. He knows how to wind me so tightly and hold me there until I'm ready to unravel, and he knows how to touch me until he tells me he loves me without words.

Kyle doesn't just tell me he loves me. He shows me. He makes me feel it and makes me believe it with everything he does.

The last few weeks have been a clusterfuck of bullcrap. We've hit just about every wave possible since he came home and we've sunk more than a few ships in this whirlwind. We've fought and we've made up, and then we've fought some more.

When you fight over every little thing, you know you're truly in love. It proves your love is worth fighting for and it proves how much you care.

If I have to fight with him every single day for the rest of my life to prove to him every single part of me loves him, then I f**king well will.

~

"You're going to California? With my brother?" Iz stares at me like I'm completely crazy.

"That's what I just said." I pick the petals off a daisy.

"He's a nightmare to live with. Leaves his socks everywhere then goes mad because he has none to wear."

"He'll soon start washing them. Every sock I see on the floor I'll chuck in the trash."

Iz laughs. "That'll go down well."

"It'll teach him to pick them up," I muse, looking toward him playing football with the guys.

"When did you decide this?"

"Huh? Oh, last week."

"And you're only just telling me?" She shoves me. "I'm pissed, Roxy. You've kept this quiet for a week?"

I shrug. "We had to talk to our parents first. Mom was unsure, but Dad got it right away and he's worked on her. She finally came round this morning. Said she's choosing to focus on the fact I'll be closer to prospective schools than living with a real boy!"

We both laugh, and Iz sighs. "I can't believe my best friend is going to move in with my brother. And you're both younger than me! What's that all about, huh?"

I glance at Si then back at her. "I can think of a guy who wouldn't mind keeping you company at night."

She bites her lip. "One kiss, Roxy. We kissed once, and now you're all acting like we're in love. I rarely see him at college. It's a complete fluke he ended up in Miami like I did, and being on the football team, he has like a thousand little fangirls screaming his name every week."

I cover my mouth with my hand. "That's some stamina."

Iz buries her head in her arms. "Okay, I'm not gonna deny, I'd like to have a go at that stamina. Look at the guy." She motions in his direction. "He's all muscle and fitness, and like I told Kyle, he could probably f**k like a p**n star."

"You said that to Kyle? For real?"

She sighs happily. "Best moment of my life."

My lips curl up. "So f**k him. There's still two weeks of summer left. Get it out of your system, then when you're cheering his games, don't let him forget it."

"Hmm." Her eyes flick to his butt and back to me. "I have a hunch that cheering might be out of place at a football game."

We both erupt in giggles.

"What are you two tittering about?" Kyle sits behind me and wraps his arms around my shoulders.

"Nothing you'd want to hear," Iz replies quickly. "Besides, I think we're done with that conversation, don't you, Roxy?"

"Yes, Iz." I bend my head down so my mouth is covered by Kyle's arms. "For now."

"I feel for you, Roxy," Si says as he sits in front of us. "Living with this dick."

"Oh, c'mon, Si. It won't be that bad," I reply. "After all, I'll have sex on tap."

Kyle snorts into the back of my head as Si grins.

Yep. Girls can play the sex comment game, too.

"She's got you there, man," Kyle says. "Just think, while you'll be out finding some poor chick to f**k, all I have to go is go home."

My eyes slide to Iz's and I raise my eyebrows. She gives me a look of stone. I grin. Our exchange goes completely unnoticed by the guys. Unsurprisingly.

"...not that many girls," Si responds.

"I'm calling bullshit on all that!" Iz cries, dragging her attention back to the conversation. "You forget, Si Jason, that I am at every single one of your home games, and you never leave the parties after without some blonde bimbo on your arm."

My jealousy alarm is ringing off the charts.

Si turns his face toward her and smirks. "I'm surprised you notice. Aren't you usually too busy being chatted up by the rest of my team?"

"Yep. What can I say? They could teach you a thing or two about taste in girls."

"Burn," Kyle whispers into my ear.

"I know plenty of tastes in girls, Iz. In fact, every single one."

"Oooh," I whisper back.

"Really? Judging by the way they circle you, I'm shocked you can tell one taste apart from the other. Don't they all taste like slut?"

"She wins," we whisper together, then laugh quietly.

"What if I like the taste of slut?"

"Then that proves my theory of you being the only boy on your football team."

"Give it up, dude." Kyle laughs and looks at Si. "You're not gonna win this one. We gotta go play again, anyway."

Both guys get up to go back to their game. Si bends down and whispers something in Iz's ear before walking away with a shit-eating grin on his face, leaving her gaping after him.

"Okay, what did he say?" I demand when she's regained some composure.

She swallows. "He told me I should remember exactly how much of a man he is from our kiss, and if I've forgotten he's more than happy to give me a reminder I'm not gonna forget anytime soon."

I smile slowly, amusement radiating out of me, then sigh. "Why did you two have to go to school in Miami? This is something I'd love to see."

"Just... Don't," she mutters as Kyle comes running back over.

"What?" I frown when he grabs my hands. "...Are you doing?"

"You're playing football." He pulls me up.

I dig my feet into the ground to the sound of Iz's laughter. "I'm doing what?"

"Playing football."

"Dunno what you're laughing at," Si says to Iz as he pulls her up. "You're playing too."

"Fuck no. I cheer, not play!" She fights against his hold, and he laughs, dragging her toward the guys.

"Really, Iz? You think you can make me let go of you?"

"I'm so cheering for you to lose when we get back to college, you cock." She sniffs and he lets go of her.

"Come on," Kyle drags me over. "Come play."

"I don't play football."

"You do now."

I let him pull me over, knowing I have no choice but to. He's stronger than me anyway... And I really wanna see Iz try to play. She picks the ball up and looks at Si.

"What do I do with this?"

"You throw it..." He smirks.

She throws it into the side of his head.

"Fucking hell!" Si grabs the side of his head.

Iz tilts her head to the side and a satisfied smile creeps onto her face. "You know, I have quite the aim. I might be good at this after all."

"You would be if the aim wasn't at people's heads!"

"Hey - don't underestimate me. I can apparently throw a ball, plus I'm fast, strong, and I'm agile. I might just surprise you."

"You're not a f**king race horse, Iz," Kyle shoots at her.

"You know any race horses that can throw a ball?"

"Well. No."

"Shut it then, before you get a ball to the side of the head too." She puts her hands on her hips. "Alright, you've dragged us over here, now what are we doing?"

Kyle's hands clamp onto my shoulders and he steers me across his yard, and Si does the same to Iz.

"Stand here. When you catch the ball, throw it," Kyle tells me.

"Throw it where?" I raise my eyebrows.

"Either at Mark or Ben, okay?"

"Um, okay. I'd rather no one threw the ball to me, if I'm honest."

He laughs as he backs off, and Iz and I share a wary look. What the f**k are we doing here? The ball goes flying through the air, and we both stand where we are, not moving at all, just watching it move.

We have been coerced into this, after all.

And I have no idea what they're doing or if we're even supposed to be doing anything.

"Roxy!" Ben yells my name, and before I can blink, I see the ball come flying at me. And Kyle.

Kyle comes flying at me and knocks me to the ground.

"Oomph!" I take a deep breath and smack his arm. "What the hell did you do that for?"

"It's my job to take down the unsuspecting girl who's doing nothing but standing and looking pretty."

Right. "I think you've changed that rule."

"Maybe a little. But only so I can do this." He cups my neck with his hand and touches his lips to mine, his other hand resting on my side.

"Mhmm. Can we keep this rule?"

"Most definitely," he replies, lowering his mouth to mine again.

Definitely the best game of football I've ever played.

Epilogue - Kyle

Roxy walks around our apartment, her eyes calculating every inch of space. It's not the biggest place, but it's the perfect size for two people. She managed to get a job in a cafe downtown before we left Oregon. I told her we'd be fine until after Christmas between our savings, but she insisted she'd go crazy sitting here by herself all day, so I let her get on with it. Besides, it'll be good for her to meet some of the people round here.

Here.

I still can't believe she's here. In California. With me.

Being mine.

"I think we need to paint, but other than that, it's cool."

I walk up to her and wrap my arms around her waist. "Is that your expert opinion?"

She nods with a small smile on her face. "The color on walls here doesn't match the furniture, and the bedroom could do with a repaint. And a bit of color in the bathroom would be nice. White is boring."

"Is that right?"

"Yep. Some photos too, and some other little bits, and it'll be perfect."

"You sound like you're staying here for the long haul."

"How do you know I'm not?" She raises her eyebrows at me and puts her hands on my chest.

I bend my face toward hers. "I was under the impression you were moving to LA next year."

"Don't be a dick," she mutters, sliding her hands up and around my neck. "We both know I'm staying in Berkeley. Someone needs to wash your socks."

"And someone needs to keep your ass in check."

"You know, I like the way you keep my ass in check."

I touch my lips to hers and smile. My hand slides down to her body, cups her ass, and I pull her hips to mine. "I think it needs keeping in check now. In our bedroom."

She laughs and kisses me, her lips soft against mine. I walk backward, tugging her with me, and kiss her more firmly. Her tongue snakes against my mouth, and she nips my bottom lip, making me grow hard. I move to pick her up and...

The f**king buzzer goes.

I sigh and push the button. "Yes?"

"Let us in!" Megan yells through the intercom. Roxy raises an eyebrow.

"Who's us?"

"Me and Maddie!"

"Do you have to come up right now? Can't you come back later?"

"We want to meet your girlfriend!" Maddie shouts. "Let us up now, Kyle, or we'll ring all these buzzers until someone does!"

"I have no doubt about it," I mutter dryly. "Okay, come up."

I release the button and look at Roxy.

"Rabid fan base?" she asks.

"Two of the girls who have attitudes to rival yours. This should be fun," I finish when there's a knock at the door. I open it. "Roxy, meet Megan and Maddie."

"Um, hi?" Roxy says uncertainly.

"She's real pretty," Megan says.

"Yeah." Maddie looks at me. "How did you manage that one, Kyle?"

Here we go. "She's smart and clever."

"I don't doubt it," she says. "I'm wondering what she's doing with you, though. That's definitely a blip in the intelligence."

I give her a gentle shove with my elbow. "Be nice, you two."

"We'll be nice to her." Megan grins. "You're a different story."

Roxy smiles at her from her position leaning against the wall. "That happens a lot, huh?"

I wrap my arm around her shoulders. "Yeah, you girls are always mean to me. Especially you." I poke her side and she slaps my stomach.

"You make it too easy," she replies. "Taking candy from a baby would be harder."

"I like her!" Maddie announces. "She's gonna fit in well here."

"Hey, are you going to Berkeley?" Megan asks her.

"Next year," Roxy answers. "I got dragged down here by Kyle this year. I was hoping for another year of peace before I got stuck with him again, but no such luck."

"Oh, you know each other from before then?" Megan looks between us.

"Yeah, she's crushed on me since she was fourteen," I offer.

"Not that it means anything," Roxy adds. "Because he's crushed on himself since he was about ten."

My lips twist. Damn girl.

"You know, I was worried about taking your girl into a frat house," Maddie admits. "But I think she'll handle herself just fine."

"Hell, if she can deal with Kyle, she can take our guys." Megan grins.

"I'm nowhere near as bad as Braden and Aston!" I argue. They both give me a look. "Okay, only on Saturdays."

"And its Saturday today," she reminds me. "So shut it. Hey, why don't you guys come to the frat house tonight?"

"I don't know..."

"Come on, you know no one will believe us if we say you have a girlfriend," Maddie teases.

"Oh, ha ha ha."

"Let's go." Roxy looks up at me. "We have nothing else to do."

I can think of plenty of other things we could do.

"Sure?" I pull her closer to me, and she nods.

"We don't have to stay long, do we? We've still got unpacking to do."

"Hey! I have an idea." Maddie's eyes twinkle. Oh no. I know her ideas. "We'll take Roxy for coffee and you can unpack!"

"I hope you like Starbucks," I murmur to Roxy and kiss her before the girls grab her from me.

"Love it," she whispers back. "Be good and unpack for me."

"It's not the thing I was planning to unpack, but whatever." I kiss her again and Megan whisks her off.

"We'll bring her back in one piece!" Maddie yells over her shoulder.

"And with a whole new impression of you!" Megan giggles.

Roxy smiles at me and shrugs as they lead her down the stairs.

I watch her go with a smile on her face. If anyone had to turn up and take her away, I'm glad it was those two. They're crazy as hell but have the sweetest hearts, and even though I know they'll tell her everything they know about me that she doesn't, I don't care.

I just want her to be happy here.

I walk past the bathroom and see our toothbrushes on the side, and my face breaks into a grin.

Yep. She'll be happy here, if only because I'll bend over backward to make it so. My eyes are drawn to the picture of me, her, and Cam after a football game, and I nod to the picture.

"Promised you I'd look after her, didn't I?"

THE END.

