Chapter One

JEN

"So this is it."

"We both know it, Carl," I say regretfully. "The last fifteen months have been a nightmare. We barely see each other, our conversations are always rushed, and even when we do see each other we fight. Some couples can make a long distance relationship work, but I don't think we're that couple."

He sighs, rubbing his hand over his face. "You're right. I think we both knew that a while ago, didn't we?"

I chew the inside of my lip, nodding. "We just wanted to make it last, I think, but we've just ended up dragging ourselves down. Neither of us are happy." I tuck some hair behind my ear, battling against the sea breeze.

Carl shoves his hands in his pockets and looks down. "I don't feel as bad as I thought I would. I don't mean that in a bad way-"

"I know." He glances up at me. "I feel the same. I think it's 'cause we both know it's for the best. I mean, we're not kids anymore." I shrug a shoulder. "Sometimes life is full of funny twists and turns that take you somewhere you never expected. This is just a twist. For both of us."

He exhales, leaning against the wall. "I guess so. You're going back to London now, then?"

I nod. "Yeah. As much as I love seeing my family, after a week of cooing over Daisy and my room being ransacked by her, I'm ready to have my own space back." I smile a little.

"Well, be safe on the way back, yeah?" He looks at me.

"I will." I step towards him, hug him lightly, and kiss his cheek. "I'll see you when I come back at Easter?"

He smiles. "Count on it."

I salute him playfully, and turn away. A pang of sadness hits me from what I'm walking away from, but deep down I've accepted it, and I know I accepted it a long time ago.

Feelings don't always last forever. They can be as fleeting as a shooting star burning its way through the night sky. Carl was my shooting star, a quick flash in the span of my life. I'll forever be thankful for what we shared, but it's time to move on.

I leave the beach, turning for my house. With Lexy staying in Lilac Bay for another week with Alec, my only way to getting home to London is by train. It's not an appealing thought - actually, it's downright bloody depressing - but what can I do?

My weekend job at Primark doesn't exactly pay me a millionaire's wage.

I tuck my hands inside my sleeves, hunching my shoulders up against the wind. This is one thing I do not miss about Devon; the goddamn wind that, if I was half a stone lighter, I'm sure would pick me up and toss me around like a one pound kite.

I look up from the pavement as I turn onto my street, and clench my teeth at the sight before me. "This has got to be some sort of a joke."

Bing turns, his arms crossed over his chest. "Nope," he replies. "I don't see anyone laughing."

"What are you doing here?"

"Lexy called me this morning... Said you were gonna have a bad day, and you were planning on going back to London tonight. She didn't want you taking the train."

I let my breath out slowly, my eyes focusing on Bing's face. "I'm a big girl, Samuel. I can take the train home."

"Oh, I know you're a big girl," he mutters in that husky voice that sends shivers down my spine. "I've been against that body, remember, Jennifer?"

I step up to him, my stomach rolling in anger. "Correction - you were against the clothes on the body, and that's all you were against."

"And if Lexy hadn't have knocked on the door, there would have been a lot less clothing, and a lot more skin," he whispers, his brown eyes burning into mine.

"In your dreams," I hiss, fighting my body's reaction to his words. The annoying hi-we-were-your-knees-but-now-we're-jelly kinda reaction.

"Oh, Jennifer. I dream about skin on skin with you every night." He smirks.

My finger jabs into his chest. "Do not f**k with me tonight, Samuel. I am not in the mood for your ass**le suggestions or cocky comments."

He grins slowly, his eyes twinkling. He lifts his hand, dangling his keys from his finger. "Did you want a lift or not?"

Six hours in a car with him. It's not the place I want to be right now, because although I'm now single and not exactly upset over it, he's not the person I need to be around. Nope - moving on means keeping my eyes, thoughts, hands, and any other bodily part capable of touching to myself.

And much to my easily riled annoyance, it's damn impossible near that arrogant hunk of muscle and sexiness.

BING

Jen steps away. "Fine. I'll go get my stuff."

"No need," I reply. "It's already in the boot, and your bag is on the floor by the front seat."

"Presumptuous ass," she grumbles, walking around my car. She yanks the door open, gets in, and slams it behind her.

"Hey!" I get in next to her. "Piss off with the door slamming."

She gives me an evil look out the corner of her eye. "It's the door or your face. Whichever one you'd prefer, Samuel. Personally, I'm down for whatever."

I start the engine, smirking to myself. "I wanna say face because it's a part of me, even if it isn't the body part I'd rather you be slamming right now."

I hear the snap of her teeth, and I've never been gladder to be driving. As much as I love winding her up, she's got a right hook that would knock out Ricky Hatton.

"You," she grinds out. "Are the biggest goddamn ass**le I've ever had the complete displeasure of meeting in my whole life."

"Yet you still can't stay away from me."

"Believe me, if it wasn't for the fact you're my best friend's brother, I'd be avoiding you as much as humanly possible."

"Or would you have given into my charm by now?"

"What charm is that? It certainly isn't anything endearing."

"Oh, she wounds me."

"The only thing I've ever wounded of yours is your ego."

"Whenever you fancy kissing it better, you know where to find me, babe." I wink at her.

Jen looks at me with forced disdain. "I wouldn't kiss it if your ego was water and I was dying of thirst."

"I'll just have to make sure that if that situation ever arises, my ego is made of vino instead of water, then."

"Have you had an award for your comedic statements yet? 'Cause, really, Samuel, I applaud your complete and utter lack of hilarity."

I grin. "University has made you eloquent, Jennifer, and I see Devon has made you your usual snarky, bitchy self."

"I've always had a way with words." She puts her feet on the dash, and I clench my jaw. "You just bring out the best in me, Sam."

"Get your feet down," I order.

"Oh, don't you like it?" She turns her face to me, her eyes wide and innocent.

"This isn't the first time you've been in my car, Jen. You know it's my baby. She stays clean."

She grins widely, her sapphire blue eyes twinkling. "Then I won't tell you about the splatter of cow shit on the back."

"You're kidding," I deadpan.

"Absolutely not." She shakes her head.

"Fuck sake," I grumble, turning onto the link road.

"Bet my Uggs aren't quite so evil now, huh?" she says smugly, settling down into the seat.

"Not really... But I hope you're wearing a jumper over that jacket."

"I haven't. Why?"

"Because there's two inches of snow in London, and when I left this morning, it was still going." I grin.

"You're kidding?"

"Absolutely not," I throw her words back at her.

"Fuck a duck," she curses, reaching forward to turn the heater on. "Could have told me before I got in the flippin' car."

"Where's the fun in that?"

She grunts, and I chuckle quietly to myself. Yeah, this journey is gonna be as fun as it will be sexually frustrating.

~

I sigh and look at my phone. Dead battery. "Is your phone working?"

She huffs like extracting her phone from her Mary Poppins size bag is such a chore, and it probably is.

"You bringing the kitchen sink back with you? Is yours broken?" I motion towards the bag.

"Nope." She rifles through it. "But there's a high chance I'm considering keeping a blender in there for your balls." She pulls her phone out triumphantly.

"Why would you put a blender in there for my balls?"

"Because you're the most infuriating person on Earth. As you well know." She holds the phone out, and I look at her. "Take it then!"

"Why can't you do it?"

Her blue eyes narrow at me. "I have no idea why you want a phone, Bing. You never told me."

Twat.

I take the phone and do a quick Google search for a nearby travel lodge, B'n'B, anything that could get us apart. Five hours of being next to her in this car watching the scenery change from green to white has felt like a f**king age. I catch her crossing one of her long legs over the other and tapping her knee out the corner of my eye, and I purposely look at the phone. I don't really see anything. It's more of a blur on a white page as I imagine what...

Nope. I'm stuck in the middle of nowhere and have no idea where we're going to go tonight until the roads are ploughed. I am not going to fantasize about the crazy ass blonde next to me. Fuck knows I've spent enough time doing it since our almost kiss at Dad's party last year.

"Anywhere?"

Yeah... The walls, the car bonnet, the... Oh.

"What?" I blink, and look at her. She frowns.

"Have you found anywhere to stay tonight?" she asks me slowly.

"You don't need to talk to me slowly, Jen, I'm not deaf."

"No, but you are stupid, so you could always misunderstand."

"Keep it up, and we'll be sleeping in the back seat of the car," I threaten.

"I'm not sleeping anywhere with you." She laughs. "That'd be like social suicide, you do realise that? I have a bad ass reputation to keep up and it doesn't involve staying in even the same room as London's playboy."

"Unfair," I flinch slightly anyway. "I'm nowhere as bad as I used to be, and you know that. Call Mum and get her to find us somewhere to stay."

She tilts her head towards me. "You're not as bad as you were, I'll give you that, but you're still like a dog on heat sometimes."

"You realise it's the females that have heat, right?"

Her lips curve into a smile. "That's the point I'm making, Samuel."

I lean over the gearstick, putting her phone in her hand, brushing her fingers with mine. Her face is inches from mine, her eyes focused on mine. "Anytime you feel like letting me prove you wrong," I say in a low voice. "I'll be more than happy to oblige you, Jen."

Her fingers tighten around the phone, and her eyebrows shoot up. "I'm sure you'd be more than happy to try, Sam, but I'm unsure if you could satisfy my needs."

I laugh, moving even closer. I can feel her breath across my mouth, and the urge to close the gap and take that breath from her is stronger than ever.

"Believe me, Jen, I could satisfy every need you have and then some you didn't even know about." My eyes flick down to her slightly parted lips and back up. "So don't push me into proving it."

"You wouldn't dare," she challenges.

"It's not a secret I'm as attracted to you as I am annoyed with you. I'm just better at hiding it, so yes. Yes, I would dare, and I'd enjoy every f**king second of it."

Her eyes are full of warring emotions, and she finally settles on anger. They narrow, and she yanks the seatbelt out. I lean back, smirking smugly with the knowledge I've got to her.

"I don't even have a word in my giant repertoire strong enough to scream at you right now," she hisses, pushing the door open.

"The only word you need to be screaming at me is my name, babe," I reply, watching her climb out of the car.

She gets out, stops, and turns to me. She opens her mouth for a second, shakes her head, then closes it again, apparently settling on giving me the finger instead. I grin as she slams the door. I win that round.

Chapter Two

JEN

"You have got to be kidding me." I lean over the counter in the travel lodge. "One room?"

"I'm sorry, miss, that's all we had available when the phone call was made. The lady I spoke to assumed you'd rather have one room than none at all," the receptionist says, his eyes scanning my body.

I clench my jaw, turning to face Bing. "Fine, but you're sleeping on the floor."

"We'll see." He smirks.

I hold my hand out to the guy behind the desk. He looks down at it then up at me questioningly.

"Key," I demand. "I want to go to my room."

"Oh, of course." He grabs it from the back rack and gives it to me. I take it from his grip, spinning with the elegance of a ballerina. Bing is glaring at the guy.

"If you'd rather stay here in reception, Samuel, its fine with me," I throw out as I stroll past him.

"Stay out here when I finally have you in a bedroom all to myself? Not a chance," he responds.

"I see you're still dreaming." I step into the elevator.

"Oh, didn't you know?" He steps in after me and raises his eyebrows. "I can see the future." He winks and it does funny things to my stomach. God dammit, it is way too cold for those butterflies to be fluttering about and flirting with my insides.

"Then your eyesight needs checking." I slide the key into the door. "Because your perception is as screwed as a prostitute at a stag night."

"So is your sleeping alone plan." He smirks and takes my suitcase from me, wheeling it into the room. "Double bed. Enough room for both of us."

I suck my bottom lip into my mouth and glare at him and the bed. "Fantastic. Not only am I stranded with Mr. Slaggy Pants, I now have to share a bed with him. Can it get any worse than this?" I shrug, kicking the door shut behind me.

"Oh, come on, Jen." Bing looks up. "Is it really gonna be that bad to share a bed with this?" He gestures to his body. I'm not surprised I have to force my eyes to stay on his. He's not exactly hard on the ol' peekers.

"Maybe not, but it isn't exactly gonna be all that great either."

I shrug my coat off and sling it over a chair, looking around for the TV remote. The bed springs creak as Bing drops himself back onto it, and the room fills with the sound of the television. I spin, and he's holding the remote up.

"How did you find that? All I can find is these stupid little pots of sugar and milk." I frown at them.

"I'm a male, gorgeous. If it's woman, TV, or sport related, I'm on it faster than you can scream my name." He grins. "You, however, are female, which means you naturally gravitate towards the kettle. Be a love and pop it on for me."

I turn and launch the pot of milk at his head. "Pop that on, prick."

He laughs. I grab some pyjamas from my suitcase and lock myself in the bathroom to change and take a few deep breaths.

He's so f**king infuriating. His smart arse comments, his winks, his little smirks... Just him.

"Argh," I growl under my breath and quickly change. I leave the door open on my way back into the hotel room and try not to stop as I notice Bing. He's lying back on the bed, his arms crossed behind his head showing ripped biceps. His top has ridden up his stomach slightly showing the darkened indent of a 'v' disappearing under his jeans.

He clears his throat, pleasure shining in his brown eyes. "Checking me out, Jen?"

"Not in a million years."

His lips slowly curl up on one side. "Sure."

"I wasn't." I clench my teeth together, and eye the bed warily. The prospect of sleeping next to him all night is as annoying as it is appealing.

"Do you want me to bite you?" He grins wolfishly at me.

"You what?" I half shriek, secretly thinking how hot that could be...

"I said, do you want me to bite you?"

I clear my throat, perching on the bed. "Like I want a hole in the head, a stake to the heart, a bit of lego under my foot..."

"Then don't worry. You can move up." He pats the bed. "I'm not going to seduce you."

"Why do I not believe you?"

"Because you're too intent on the thought of me seducing you?"

"Never gonna happen."

"Then move up."

"I don't particularly want to be next to you right now." Liar, liar, thongs on fire!

"Jen..."

I roll my eyes. "Sam..."

He pats the bed more insistently, and I shake my head firmly.

"Not gonna hap-" I scream the last of the word out as he reaches over the bed, grabs my waist, and pulls me over. My arms wrap around his neck on reflex, and my head hits the back of the pillow.

It occurs to me that Bing is leaning right over me, his hands settled on my waist, and his face inches from mine. My knee brushes his thigh as I move it, and I feel his fingers dig into my skin a little. I unlink my fingers behind his neck and let my hands drop a little, my heart pounding. The last time we were this close...

"I told you I wouldn't bite," he whispers, and I feel the breath he lets out with each word flutter across my lips.

"Get off me, you bloody great buffoon," I mutter, shoving at his shoulders.

He rolls to the side, his fingers brushing across my stomach. My muscles clench, and I yank the covers from under me. I slip under them, huffing, and roll over, putting my back to Bing.

"Sleeping already?" he asks.

"It's either that or I hit you." Or rip off your clothes. I'm guessing both wouldn't be acceptable, so this is an all or nothing kind of situation.

"Depends where you're going to hit me."

I flick my leg backwards, the heel of my foot making contact with his shin sharply.

"Ow! You bitch," he hisses, and I feel the bed move as he rubs his leg.

I smile smugly to myself, snuggling down into the quilt. "Not the place you were expecting, huh?"

"That wasn't a hit. That was a kick."

"What's your point?"

"Donkeys kick."

I shrug. "So I'm a donkey, you're an ass. We're even. Now shut up, I'm trying to sleep."

The tele goes off, and the mattress dips as he lies down. He moves a little closer to me, and I feel him move my hair from my ear.

"And one of these days, Jennifer, I'm gonna ride that donkey right out of you."

"You absolute-"

"Goodnight, gorgeous," he whispers, shifting to the other side of the bed.

My lips twitch. Butthead.

~

I honestly thought that if I didn't get out of that bed, that room or that hotel this morning as soon as humanly possible I was gonna go bat shit crazy and jump on that annoyingly arrogant git.

Bing is sex on legs and then some, and he knows it. He knows he's got that sexily styled messy hair that looks like he's just run his fingers through it, and he knows his smoky, mocha brown eyes can draw you in to another world with just one look. He also knows he has a better six pack than Carlsberg could ever dream of making.

Him knowing it is the problem because he flaunts it every second he gets. Like this morning, when he came out of the shower wearing nothing but a little white towel. I'm pretty sure my face went seven shades of pomegranate and well, if I was a lesbian, which I'm definitely not, the sight of him all wet and dripping would have made me straight again.

I shake my head and unlock my flat door. I think I'm mentally disturbed. I just broke up with my boyfriend of three years and I'm dreaming about licking water droplets off my best friend's brother.

God, someone call the men in white coats or, better - pass me the vodka.

I nudge the door shut with my hip and set my suitcase down against the wall. After a day of travelling, being attacked by my crazy yet loveable niece, that final day in Lilac Bay, and a night sleeping next to the guy who has inappropriately appeared in my dreams for the last six months, I'm ready for a holiday abroad. Or maybe, if I'm lucky, a trip to space.

Crap on a lollipop. I shake my head at myself, and chuck my coat on the sofa. My phone rings, and I jump, my heart thudding. Okay, it's too damn quiet here.

"Hello?" I hold it to my ear.

"Are you back? Mum said you were stranded with Bing. You have no idea how sorry I feel for you right now!" Lexy exclaims.

"Considering you're ringing on the landline phone then yes, I am home, you moron." I laugh. '"And you have no idea how torturous it was."

"Torture? Tell me more."

I can envision her sitting down with Alec leaning in to listen. "Your mum rang ahead and booked us two rooms, or so we thought. We get there and there's only one. Your brother, the f**king genius he is decided that because it was a double bed, we'd share. I wanted to toss him into the snow."

"And he sleeps naked," Lexy muses.

"I'msorrywhatdidyoujustsay?" I spit out without breathing. "Naked?!"

I had that fine, naked piece of ass next to me all night and I didn't even realise?! Wait, "fine, naked piece of ass?" Mother Nature must be on her way 'cause this is definitely my hormones.

"Mm, he usually does. I think its habit from when he used to sleep around," she explains almost apologetically. "I don't know if he did last night though. Probably not."

I remember the way he leaned over me, his lips millimetres from mine. "He probably did. It'd be just like him to do that."

"You have a point. But he didn't crash you into a lamppost or anything, did he?"

"No, if he did I would have crashed his ass into a tree or something." I shrug even though she can't see me and take the orange juice from the fridge.

"I don't doubt it. Anyway, I just wanted to make sure you got back okay. We'll be back in like ten days."

"I'm fine. How is... Um, how's Carl?" I flinch at the guilt that slices through me. Wait, I don't have anything to be guilty about, do I? Oh, I am so not on board with this self-doubt shit.

"He's... Okay, actually." I imagine her frowning. "I dunno, this was for the best, Jen. Neither of you have really been happy lately, have you?"

"No, I don't think so. The arguments and all that crap was just wearing us down. We were trying to hold onto something that slipped away a long time ago. We have totally different paths in life. He's happy to stay in that small town and I'm... not. You know, there's a part of me that wishes he could be more like Alec."

"Why?" She's incredulous.

"He followed you to London because he couldn't be without you. For everything me and Carl shared, he never did that. He didn't even visit me once. But it's done now, right?" I put the carton down.

"Jen, are you okay?"

"I am. Really, I'm fine. I guess I'm just a little upset things had to end the way they did, but at least it was a mutual thing." But not upset enough that I can't think about your brother in an inappropriate way.

"Okay. Look, I gotta go. We'll speak later, yeah?"

"Of course. Have fun. Bye!"

I drop the phone, and watch it slide across my counter. There is another guy in this city I could use to get the break up out of my mind, and get my inner Jen back out. But again with the best friend's brother. The best friend's stupidly hot here-have-it-on-a-plate brother. Ugh. Again with the inappropriate thoughts.

The photos stuck to my fridge with magnets taunt me, especially the one of me and Bing at Si's 50th birthday party last year. Carl couldn't make it up, as usual, so I went with Bing. I sigh at the teal gown I wore that made me feel like a princess, and him in his sharp, tailored suit. His arm is hooked around my waist and we look, for all intents and purposes, like a couple. That picture was taken not long after our almost kiss.

The almost kiss that has haunted me ever since.

I snap out of it and focus my attention on unpacking my suitcase full of clean clothes. I need to stock up on Vino, chocolate, and ice cream ready for this month's visitor. I can already tell she's gonna be a bitch.

BING

Did u sleep naked last night?

I frown at my phone and laugh out loud. I think that tops the ten weirdest text messages ever received.

Why? Are u hoping I did?

I hit the send button and chuckle to myself. Jen is the only girl I know with big enough balls to send me a message like that.

In ur dreams, space cadet. I'm wondering if I need to de-flea myself, that's all.

I shake my head at her. Space cadet? The girl is random as shit.

No de-fleaing necessary. Cold shower maybe.

Ur not that hot.

Not what ur eyes said last night. I smirk to myself, wondering how she'll come back to that one. I know she'll have one.

I need to go to specsavers apparently. I must be half blind if I looked at u like ur hot.

I laugh. Loudly. Goddamn, she has enough fire inside her to set this city alight. I'd love to be the one to cool her down for five minutes. Actually, make that five hours. I'd need more than five measly f**king minutes with a goddess like Jennifer Mason. My dick stiffens at the thought of spending time with her... In my bed.

U win. U going out tonight?

Wasn't going to. Who's out?

I know Saph is out with us.

Get her to ring me and I'll see.

I shoot a quick message off to Mitch telling him to tell Saph to ring Jen. Too many tellings, and I'm still as hard as a f**king rock. Closing my eyes, I take a deep breath, and head towards the shower, doing whatever I can to keep that blonde bombshell off my sexually inclined mind.

~

My eyes scour the club as I lean by the bar with Mitch, pint in hand. As usual, there are a million girls in here tonight. And, as usual, I only give a crap about one.

Said girl is looking so hot in the little black dress and pink heels she's wearing that she should come with a warning.

Warning; erection guaranteed.

I bring the glass to my lips, watching as she moves her body to the beat of the music, her hips swaying round tantalisingly. Her body undulates, her curves move like they're made of liquid, the fluidity begging me to touch.

I clench my free hand and try to focus on something, on anything other than her.

When the song ends, Jen and Saph come bounding up to us. Jen's cheeks are flushed from dancing, her eyes shining. What would she look like if I was the cause of that? Would she still have that bead of sweat dripping down her neck and running teasingly into her cle**age? Holy...

"Squashed frogs! Two!" Saph yells at the bartender. Despite how busy it is, Saph gets served immediately. Some people would say it's the bright red hair piled on top of her head, the watermelons attached to her chest, or the legs that go on forever. In reality, it's because Red belongs to her Daddy.

And Saph is nothing if not a Daddy's girl.

"To freedom!" Saph toasts, and both her and Jen sink the yellow, red and green shots. Jen wrinkles her face up and does a little shiver, making me smile.

Well, if that ain't cute, then I'm f**ked as to what is.

"Nice?" I ask as she leans on the bar next to me.

"Not particularly." She smacks her lips together. "But it does the job."

"The job being what?" I lean in closer to her and she laughs, slightly bitterly.

"To forget, for just one night." She gazes at the bottles behind the bar. "To just be Jen without all the f**kery doo."

"And what, can I ask, is f**kery doo?" I try to hide my smile, but she glances at me and grins. She drops her face down and her shoulders shake.

"I have no idea," she admits with a small shrug. "It sounded good at the time."

"Hey, Joe!" I shout to the bartender. "Can Jen get a drink?"

"What do you need, gorg?" Joe calls over.

"Hmmm." Jen scans the bottles. "You know what, handsome? Give it to me hard."

"Sounds like an offer you can't refuse, Joe!" Mitch laughs.

Joe winks and picks up and empty cocktail shaker. "Okay, Jenny baby, you asked for it. I'll give it to you hard."

Jen smiles her most charming smile at him, and it's a damn good job Joe is g*y.

If the guy wasn't, that cocktail shaker would be shoved so far up his f**king ass it'd be coming out of his ears.

I watch as he mixes vodka, Malibu, cherry sourz, advocaat, Sambuca, and a dash of Martini. He finishes with a dash of lemon juice and a couple squirts of lemonade. I suck in a breath as the odd coloured drink is poured into a fresh glass and set in front of her.

"Joe, you know I love you, but what is this crap?" Jen picks up the glass. "It looks like a cross between cats piss and goblin snot."

"Triple O by Joe." Mitch nods his head. "Every time."

''Triple O by Joe?" Jen questions, looking between us.

I grin like the Cheshire cat and crook my finger, motioning for her to come closer. I smoothly push her hair away from her ear, and put my mouth close to it. "It's rumoured that Triple O by Joe is the best drink to get if you're gonna get some. The mix of the spirits heightens your senses and relaxes you, so much so that when you do get your way you'll have three explosive orgasms that toss you into oblivion."

Her chest rises and falls as she takes a deep breath, and I can almost hear her heart pounding over the music in the club. I look at the smooth skin on her neck, and the temptation to touch my lips to her pulse point to see if her heart is beating as fast as I think it is almost takes over. I exhale hard, letting my breath travel over her bare skin, and she shivers.

JEN

Bing's low, husky voice sends tremors through my body in an intense, primal way I haven't felt in a long time. And it isn't just because of the crazy froggy shots I've been throwing back all night.

And it isn't just his voice. It's the way he says it - the inflections he adds in that makes it both threatening and exciting at the same time. It's a promise woven into a seductive statement that makes me want to rip my knickers off right here, right now.

I'm single. Being single means inhibitions can be thrown out the window, and that's what I want to do right now. I want to throw them all away, turn my face to the side, and finish what we almost started more than a year ago.

Because I need to get him out of my system.

His breath is hot on my ear, and I turn my face slightly towards him. "Is that so?" I ask.

"Mhmm..." He nearly moans it out, causing my heart to pound, and oh for the love of all things shitfaced, someone get me some ice so I can go and cool the f**k down.

"Well, then." I smile slightly, and look up at his mocha eyes between my lashes. "I'm not likely to get any tonight, but I'm still gonna drink it. Maybe Saph will join me." I spy my bright red haired friend rolling her eyes at Mitch.

"Oi, boobs!" I yell.

"What?" She looks over Mitch's shoulder.

"Come and have a Triple O with me?" I waggle my eyebrows playfully, and I've drawn the attention of guys around us. Bing tenses next to me, and as I step closer to Saph, he steps with me.

"I'll Triple O with you any day, girl!" Saph claps her hands, and Joe pours another drink from the shaker, barely stopping to think. He places it on the bar and Saph sniffs it.

"What in the hell is in this?" She raises her eyebrows. "Smells like a brothel."

"Know what?" I shrug. "It's a whole lotta shit we probably shouldn't down in one go, but who gives a crap? Let's do this!"

We clink the glasses and drink them in one. Alcohol burns the back of my throat, lining it with a roaring fire as it settles into a comfortable warmth in the pit of my belly.

"Never again." Saph shakes her head, and dumps the glass on the bar. "Jesus Christ."

"I think she's a wimp." I turn to Bing, and he's there, right there.

Like, "hey I'm so close I can smell the vanilla shampoo you used before you left" right there. And I don't mind. In fact, any chance of getting a little closer? Shimmy on down. Maybe. I giggle.

"I think that's Jen done for the night." He tugs on a lock of my hair.

"I'm not Rapunzel." I shake my head. "Tugging my hair isn't gonna get me down from my tower, not tonight, so I hate to break it to ya, Prince Charming, but you'll have to get f**king climbing."

I laugh at myself, and prop my chin up on the bar.

"Drunk, Jennifer?" Bing whispers the question seductively, and puts a hand on my back.

"You know, my boyfriend would have kittens if..." I trail off. I don't have a boyfriend. He has permission to touch. Maybe not from the relationship or break up gods but really, who cares what they think anyway?

"If what?"

"It doesn't matter." I shake my head and take my phone from my bag. "It's one a.m. I want to go home, please."

"I'll call us a taxi." Bing gives me his arm, and I hold onto it tight - less for support and more for the want of his skin against mine.

Okay, so it's not the sexy little dreams I've been having, but I guess it'll do.

Chapter Three

JEN

My head is in the middle of a bad marching band practice, and my mouth has apparently taken up refuge in a bag of cotton wool.

"Oh my god," I groan, and roll over in bed, placing a gentle hand on my forehead. "Who the f**k let me drink so much last night?"

"As far as I remember, you insisted on downing a Triple O by Joe."

My head snaps round too fast. The throbbing turns to a pound, my ears ring, and the room spins a little. "What in goddamn hell is a Triple O by Joe?"

"You probably don't want me to answer that question." Bing grins.

"That bad, huh? Then you're probably right... Can I also ask why you're walking around my flat like you own the place, minus a t-shirt and plus pyjama bottoms I'm pretty sure you weren't wearing last night?"

"You passed out the second I got you in the taxi. I figured you'd prefer to wake up here so I told him to go via my house so I could grab some clothes." He walks into the room, and I slowly sit up, my hand outstretched for the glass of water he's carrying.

While I try not to ogle the poster pretty washboard abs right in front of my face.

The cool water slips down my throat, like aloe vera on a burn.

Bing holds his other hand out and produces two tablets. "I figured you'd want these."

"Thank you," I croak out and take them, downing the rest of the water.

"You're welcome, gorgeous." He smiles and his eyes light up. Does he have to do that? Does he not understand that my head is already full of fuzzy mushy stuff without his sexy presence?

BING

Jen smiles up at me from her relaxed position on the bed, and boy... What I'd do to be in there with her.

The second I put her in the taxi yesterday she passed out on my shoulder. I had my arm around her the whole way back, just holding her close to me. Something protective surged inside me at seeing her so vulnerable. Whatever happened in Devon must have been kinda bad 'cause not even Jen gets that out of control on a weekend.

"How are you feeling? You seemed a little devil may care last night." I lean against the wall, knowing if I get closer to her again I will get in that bed.

"Aren't I always?" She gives me a cheeky grin, catching her tongue between her teeth. I want that tongue between my teeth, damn it. "Yeah... No, I'm okay. I just needed to let go last night, I think. I'm as dandy as cotton candy now."

I smile at her choice of words. "Are you planning on getting out of bed any time soon?"

"Probably not." She closes her eyes.

"Then you won't mind if I join you." I wink roguishly at her, and she opens her eyes.

"I'm sorry, I must have distracted you from your usual shag fest this weekend." The hardness in her voice is unmistakable - and did I imagine that flinch?

"Not at all." I stand up straight, and move to the door, speaking softer. "I dunno when you're gonna realise I'm not who I was two years ago, Jen."

Her blue eyes meet mine, and there's a sadness in them, threatening to swallow her up. I want to hold her again. I don't do holding, I do sex, but for Jen I'd make an exception.

Hell, for this girl, I'd make an exception for anything.

"Whatever, Sam. A leopard doesn't change its spots."

"No, but a bird can always renew its feathers." I open her door again, and walk through it. "If you need anything, you have my number."

~

JEN

I'm a bitch.

It's something I've been told plenty of times over the years, but I laughed it off 'cause, really, who gives a shit what people think of you? I don't. I am who I am - and that's no-one's issue but my own.

Besides, I wouldn't say I was a bitch. I'm just brutally honest, and there is a difference.

So it's a thin line, but it's there.

But Bing's eyes haunt me, and I know I am the biggest bitch today. He looked after me last night, brought me home, and even stayed the night to make sure I was okay today. What do I do? I throw his past back in him.

Yeah, woo! Give the stupid speak-before-you-think blonde a gold f**king medal for the mantel.

The worst thing is that I can't even blame it on my hormones or my hangover. Nope, it's because I'm jealous of all the girls who've been there, and that's a whole lot of damn jealousy.

I don't even know why I'm jealous. He has that many notches on his bedpost that the bedpost probably doesn't even exist anymore.

But I am not one of them, and when he walks in my bedroom with nothing on that fine ass chest of his I get mad. And waking up with a shirtless Bing is also starting to become a habit - one I could get too easily accustomed to.

My phone makes an annoying little pingy dingy f**k off sound next to me, and I grab it, if only to shut it up. Lexy's name appears on the screen.

Bing says you got drunk last night. Be safe crazy girl. Love you x

Always safe. Your brother slept over to look after me. He's going soft. Love you too. x

He slept over? Are you taming the beast?

I would love to tame the beast.

No. Just passing out on him in a taxi.

Nice.

I huff out a short, sharp breath, and make the decision to get up. I pad my way into the kitchen with a rumbling stomach, and there's a DVD case on the side. I frown, picking it up.

It's my favourite movie, Stardust, and beside it is a note telling me to look in the freezer. I pull the freezer door open, and look inside a drawer. Two pizzas and garlic bread.

It dawns on me like I've just been hit round the head with a skateboard, and I groan loudly, smacking my head on the freezer.

"Fuck!" I curse and rub my forehead. "I'm a twat. Such a twat."

I crawl across the front room floor, knock my phone off the table, and dial his number.

"She's alive then," his husky voice answers.

"Alive and kicking. Not so much kicking. More head-butting and crawling. But yes. Alive," I ramble out.

He chuckles. "Any particular reason you're calling me?"

"Umm." The open freezer door catches my eye. "Yeah. I just got out bed on a food mission, and noticed the DVD fairy stopped by along with the pizza fairy. I know I can eat like a horse but I'm pretty sure I can't eat all the pizza and garlic bread by myself so..."

"And?"

And you're so f**king difficult all the time.

"Are you actually going to make me ask you to come over and eat the food you bought?"

"Maybe." The teasing lilt to his voice tickles me, and I'm momentarily distracted by what it'd feel like if he actually did tick-

"Fine. Samuel, would you like to come over to my place for pizza and garlic bread you bought, and to watch a DVD you rented?"

"I have to wash my hair," he dead-pans.

"Are you f**king kidding me?" I flinch at the volume of my voice. Oh, my head.

"No. That messy 'I just had sex' style is hard to maintain."

"Well I'm sorry to break it to you, John Frieda, but it doesn't look like you've just had sex. It looks like you've been pulled through a hedge, run over by a lawnmower, and shit on by a donkey."

"Oh, she flatters me so. Will you be nice to me if I come over?"

"I don't know. I might leave your sorry ass on the doorstep."

"My hot sorry ass," he corrects.

"Your hot sorry ass," I say without thinking.

"You think my ass is hot?"

"What? No. Fuck off!"

He roars with laughter down the phone. "I'll see you later, gorgeous."

"Goodbye, Samuel." I clench my teeth and put the phone back.

I take it back. I'm not a bitch if it's deserved.

~

I open the door resembling something somewhat human opposed to total zombie apocalypse.

"Have you passed the head-butting stage yet?" Bing leans against the door frame looking sinfully sexy in a white polo top and dark wash jeans. Mamma Mia on horseback.

"The head-butting thing was an accident." I smile sweetly. "But it can always be arranged."

"So it's safe for me to come in?" He smirks, his eyebrows raised slightly.

"Depends on your definition of safe," I mumble and step aside. He glances at me out the corner of his eye as he walks past.

"Something to say, Jennifer?"

I want to wipe that shit eating grin off his face with my frying pan.

"Not to you." I flutter my eyelashes, and shut the door.

BING

Jennifer Mason should not flutter her eyelashes unless she wants this movie night to end x-rated. There's something about the way they frame her blue eyes, their length making me wonder what it would be like to have them flutter against my skin as we...

"Funny girl," I retort and throw myself on the sofa to stop myself grabbing her. She has a boyfriend. That isn't me.

"Please, make yourself at home." The sarcastic lilt to her voice is so familiar.

"I will, thanks."

She grabs two pizzas from the oven and brings them over, the DVD case between her teeth. She really doesn't know how f**king sexy she is.

Jesus Christ. I'm a walking hard-on around this chick.

I settle a cushion on my lap and take the plate she offers. She puts the DVD on then sits next to me, her legs tucked under her.

"A cushion?" Her lips curl upwards in an 'I've got you sussed' smile.

"The plates hot," I offer, staring at the television.

"Sure it is." She smothers her laugh, and I sneak a glance at her. Her blonde hair is piled on top of her head in a messy twist. She's wearing a tight top, and holy f**k those yoga pants.

Can I get a break around here? Anyone?

I exhale deeply and try to pay attention to the movie. Nope. It's too hard - and it isn't the only thing. Fuck. I readjust my sitting position, and I strain against my jeans. I clench my teeth. This is not how I planned this night.

She's f**king torturing me and she doesn't even realise it. She's driving me to the brink of insanity with my crazy need for her in every way - but mostly in my bed. Or her bed. Or against a tree. Really, I don't give a shit where I make love to this girl.

Make love?

I think those two words are testament to how f**king crazy she drives me.

I can't focus on this film for a second. It's all fairies and magic and kisses and stars and bullshit. Bullshit.

I sigh sharply and pick at the topping of my last piece of pizza.

"Why are you sighing?" Jen turns her beautiful face towards me. "Are you turning into a pu**y and getting the romance in this movie?"

"Yeah, right." I snort. "I'm not even watching."

"I know, I was being sarcastic." Her pink lips curl up on one side slightly. "I hate to break it to you, Samuel, but I'm no Hollywood movie."

That's because Hollywood has nothing on your beauty.

"It's the yoga pants," I admit. "They're kind of tight, and distracting."

"They're supposed to be tight." She laughs. "It's the point of them."

"Yeah, well." I swallow.

"You're an ass kinda guy, aren't you?"

I'm a Jen kinda guy.

"If I can grab it, then it's my kinda thing." I shrug it off.

"Then grab it," she challenges, standing up.

"I'm sorry?" I blink. Did I just hear her right?

"I'll admit, I'm intrigued. Is my ass your kinda thing? Find out." She shrugs and glances down at me over her shoulder. "Are you scared, Samuel? It's just my pretty little derriere - nothing to worry about. It won't swallow you whole or anything."

Her ass is practically in my face. There's a strip of creamy skin between where her top doesn't quite meet the waistband of the yoga pants and it's begging me to run my finger along it. I clench my fists.

"It's probably best I don't," I grind out.

"No, no, I want you to." She wiggles it slightly, flashing a playful grin over her shoulder.

That does it.

I shove the cushion off and stand behind her. I put my hands on her hips and slowly run them round, cupping her ass cheeks. They sit perfectly in my hands, and I get even harder imagining what it would feel like to hold her with nothing between our skin.

"I think," I whisper in a hoarse voice, putting my mouth near her ear. "That your ass is most definitely my kinda ass."

I creep my thumbs up and run them along the bare strip of skin, trying my hardest not to hook them inside the yoga pants and peel them away. Her body jolts a little at the contact, and I hear her breathing pick up speed.

No matter how she fights it, this attraction is more than f**king mutual.

JEN

My heart is going crazy, and I'm wondering what the f**k has come over me. Am I still drunk? Asking the guy I've been drooling over for months and months to touch my ass is crazy shit, even for me.

His thumbs touch my bare skin, and I swear to god, I stop breathing. Prepare the coffin, I'm going six foot under.

My skin is on fire where he's touching it. Sparks are igniting like its firework night and they're all exploding in a mass of pheromones. I remember to breathe, and it leaves me suddenly, my chest heaving.

"I should go." Bing steps back, and I want to scream. I want to grab him, rip off that t-shirt, and scream at him to stay.

Stay. Don't go. Stay here and show me if I'm your kind of girl.

I nod and close my eyes for a second. I hear the door open, and I turn.

"Bing?" I ask tentatively, my voice low and sensual in a way I've never heard.

"Jen?" He turns with a swallow.

I run across the room and hug him, wrapping my arms around his neck. He holds me back, his arms embracing me tightly and holding me against him. Need crackles between us and I step back.

"Thank you. For last night. You didn't need to do that." I say without looking at him.

"Any time," he answers, walking backwards slowly. "Any time you need me, call, and I'll be there."

I look up, and he's gone.

Chapter Four

JEN

The snow is still thick on the ground and I watch with a grumpy face as even more flakes fall. This is England. Where's the damn rain?

My leg shakes and I shake my head in the same timing. I am not going out in that alone. Food shopping be damned. I have... Er... Three pieces of bread, a tin of beans, six packets of crisps, a chocolate biscuit, and a bit of mouldy cheese.

Maybe the food shopping won't be damned today.

I need to buy a car. Like, really. This is where it's inconvenient Lexy isn't around - she usually takes me on a Saturday after work and we have our usual girl's night in. It's Tuesday, so I'm running a little thin on the ground.

Unlike the stupid fricking snow.

Call, and I'll be there.

Bing's voice rings in my mind and I trap my tongue between my teeth. Can I really call him - again? Other than a few text exchanges, we haven't spoken since the whole 'here, touch my ass, it doesn't bite' thing two days ago.

I snap my teeth together. I guess I don't have much of a choice.

I cross the room, grab the phone and call his house.

"Edwards' residence, Emily speaking."

"Hey, Emily! It's Jen."

"Hey, honey. How are you?"

"I'm fine, you?" I smile.

"I'm all good, sweetheart. What's up?"

"Um, is Bing there?"

I just know by the one second silence that her eyebrows are raised and she's grinning like a madwoman.

"Yeah, he's in the shower. I'll grab him for you."

"Oh no, really. Just get-"

Beep. She's put me on hold. I screw up my face and stomp my foot. Great. I don't need the image of him soaking wet with a towel round his waist image in my head while I talk to him.

"This is not good," I say to myself.

"What's not good?" The line clicks, and Bing's voice sends tremors through me. Or is that the image I don't need? Oh, and the 'hi, I'd like to dry you off with my tongue' thoughts running through my head right now?

"I have no food. Can you drop me at Tesco?" I blurt it out before my traitorous brain gives my real thoughts away. "Uh, please."

"Of course," he answers. "I told you if you needed anything you could call. Give me half an hour and I'll be over."

"Thank you." I hang up, and drop my head back against the wall. Jesus.

BING

I pull up outside Jen's block of flats and send her a text to say I'm here. I can't believe I'm actually taking her shopping. I don't know what the hell you buy in a supermarket... That's Mum's job.

Jen appears wrapped in skin tight jeans, a thick coat, and snow boots. She walks carefully over to my car and gets in, knocking the snow from her feet first.

"Anyone would think it's the Arctic out here." I grin and pull away.

"I've lived on the beach my whole life. I don't do snow." She sniffs, and looks out the window. "It's horrible."

"Nah." I shake my head. "You just haven't ever had a proper snowball fight."

"I don't think I want to have one, if I'm gonna be honest."

"No, you do." I insist. "Let's do your shopping then we'll have one." I grin.

"Er...." She turns those baby blues on me. "I'm really not an Eskimo."

"Sure?" I park in Tesco car park and reach over to tweak her fluffy hood. "You sure look like one."

Her eyes narrow. "I can tell this is going to be fun."

I wink at her and we climb out the car. Even though the car park is clear of snow, the pathways are all icy. I'm kind of hoping she slips so I can catch her. And then hold her up. And not let go.

Fucking hell! I'm doing what Alec did and turning into a pu**y whipped ass.

I snap myself out of it and watch Jen pick her steps on the least icy bits. She accidentally slips on a bit of black ice, and my arm shoots out behind her, curling around her perfect waist and pulling her close to me.

"I've got you," I whisper in her ear. She nods and puts a hand on my chest, her long blue nails a stark burst of colour against my black coat.

"You've got me," she whispers back, slightly breathless.

"Hold on tight, and don't let go," I give her my arm, and she grips it like a lifeline, leaning into me.

"I won't," she replies as I grab a trolley.

Silently, a part of me is wishing the conversation had a totally different meaning.

We walk into the supermarket and she finally takes her hood down revealing her blonde locks. She shakes her hair out and digs into her pocket.

"Shopping list," she smiles sheepishly at me. "If I don't have a list and stick to it, I tend to buy a load of unhealthy crap I don't need."

"I blame my sister," I mumble. "She's always been Miss I Want It Now."

"Yep, shopping with her is a nightmare."

She picks some bread off the shelf, followed by muffins, and drops them into the trolley.

"Double chocolate chip muffins?" I question.

"Necessary evil." She smacks her lips together.

"If it's evil, then why buy it?"

"You really don't want me to answer that question." She plucks her way through the fruit and veg section. I think there's a bit of everything going in the trolley.

"If I didn't want to know, I wouldn't ask."

She shrugs her shoulders and hooks her fingers round the trolley, directing it down another aisle.

The women's aisle.

"Um," I manage.

"You said you wanted to know!" She giggles and puts a box of tampons in the trolley. I'm pretty sure I look like a deer in headlights.

Hell no. I did not sign up for buying little mice you insert into your body.

"Are we done in the, uh..." I cough slightly. "Ladies aisle?"

"I'm not sure...." Jen taps a finger against her lips in a steady rhythm. Attention? Diverted.

Her tongue snakes out and runs across her top lip, sticking to the side as she reaches up for a can of deodorant. I let go of the trolley and get it for her, putting it in her hand.

"Thank you," she smiles.

"No, thank you for buying it," I wink at her. "I could smell you from where I was stood."

She drops back from her tiptoes, and levels a glare at me. "If I were you I'd watch it, Samuel, before you and my tampons get acquainted. Very, very acquainted."

"Sounds kinky." I start walking again.

"You are so disturbed I don't even have any words to respond to that."

"You have no words? Wow. You're speechless. I feel kinda special right now."

"Oh, honey, you are special." She puts milk in the trolley and puts her hand on my arm. "You're window licking special."

One side of my mouth curves up in a half grin and my eyes wash over her face. Her eyes are wide with faux innocence, her lips puckered in the smile she's trying and failing to keep off her face. She raises an eyebrow and reaches behind me for some whipped cream. She looks down and reads the ingredients on the back, her hand sliding down the can.

I'm jealous of whipped cream. I want to punch the can and kick its ass kind of jealous. What the f**k is wrong with me?

JEN

I can't help but drop the sarcastic comments for something more... Distracting, when Bing looks at me the way he just did.

His eyes get this little spark in and the fire slowly spreads outwards, consuming everything and anything between us until everything disappears. The fire suffocates me, wrapping me in a crazy, constricting blanket that cuts off all oxygen leaving him the only source.

It makes me want him even more than I already did.

And it makes me wonder what I'm doing wrong if he can look at me that way and not drag me off to make me feel that heat first hand. I must be the only girl in London he's resisted, because that's what he's doing.

I hand him the whipped cream, and he slides it into the trolley slowly, his eyes never leaving mine. It takes my breath away, and I drop my gaze to my shopping list.

This time, I break under the weight of the feelings snowballing through my body, in f**king Tesco of all places.

This time, he wins.

~

"I cannot believe I'm letting you throw balls of ice at me."

"It's not really ice..." Bing says uncertainly.

"It's cold. It's frozen water. Its damn ice, and ice is for going in drinks not down my top." I protest, pulling my zipper up a little higher.

"Who said anything about putting snow down your top?" Bing's eyebrows go up slightly as if the idea only just occurred to him.

I give him a 'yeah, right' look and kick at the snow. "Do we have to? Really?" I look up and children are running around the park, screaming and laughing as parents chuck snowballs at them, build snowmen, and lie back to make snow angels.

Why would you even do that? Lying in snow? Ugh.

"Yes, we do," Bing says quietly in my ear from behind me and dumps a handful of snow on top of my head. I scream and jump away from him, frantically batting at my head as he laughs.

"Oh my god," I breathe, my head freezing. "You are the biggest dick in the history of London."

"No, Jen, I have the biggest dick." He grins, and I glare at him.

"Have I ever told you I hate you?"

"Oh, so many times." Bing pulls his hat off, ruffles his dark brown hair, and pulls his hat back down. "When I chased you with a prawn, and pretty every much every time you see me."

I huff and look at my gloves, covered in snow. "I'm so not cut out for this snow business."

"It's not hard." Bing comes over. "Look."

He stands behind me and takes my hands, bending me down to gather some snow. He shapes it into a ball and gives it to me.

"Easy," he grins.

I can feel his warm breath on my skin, feel his body pressed against mine. I'm on freaking fire. I almost wanna glance at my feet to see if the snow around them has melted into a puddle of water.

"Jen?" Bing says quietly.

Oh, great. Now I'm spacing out. Can I have that vodka yet?

"Mm?"

His nose brushes my face, and I turn it into him without thinking.

"What are you doing? Is that snowball not freezing your hand yet?" His lips are millimetres from my cheek. I can feel the air move as he speaks, feel the flutter of my hair as he breathes across my skin. I want to scream, stamp, spin into him. I want to feel him, really feel him.

"Um, no." I need to get away from him. "But it's about to freeze your face."

I slam the snowball into his face, and he jumps. I run away through the snow, my boots heavy and making big, size six impressions in the white stuff.

"That's it!" Bing yells. I look over my shoulder. He's chasing me. I squeal but he catches me and we both go tumbling to the ground, rolling until I'm on my back and he's leaning over me.

His lips are inches from mine. My eyes are fixed on his lust-filled brown ones. I'm entranced. Intoxicated. Frozen in a moment that could be everlasting.

"Get off me you great big baboon," I whisper. "You're squashing me."

Translation: get off me before I finally kiss the living shitballs out of you.

"No, I'm not." His lips curl upwards. "I'm hardly on you."

"Bing." My voice is soft, breathy.

"Jen... I..."

I close my eyes, and he rolls off me, falling next to me with a light thump.

"I'm sorry," he sighs.

Don't be, I want to say. Don't be sorry and get your sexy ass back on top of me so I can kiss the crap out of you.

I roll over and look down at him. His brown eyes framed by thick, girly lashes. The chiselled bone structure that would make a sculptor weep. The lips that I want to feel against mine.

"Jen?" he says uncertainly.

I drop my head and touch my lips to his, softly enough that it's a passing brush. He cranes his neck up, and the extra pressure forces me to respond. My lips probe his, and one of his hands comes up onto my back, the other to the back of my head. My body pushes into the side of his. My arms shift so my gloved fingers graze the top of his head, and I move his hat so I can run them through his thick hair.

My body sinks into his as our mouths meld together, and when he runs his tongue along my top lip, I feel it everywhere. My stomach clenches until I'm sure the muscles there are as hard as the ones I can feel on his stomach.

His hand grips my hair tightly, and I gasp a little. His tongue brushes mine, and I push myself harder into him. All I can focus on is wanting more, needing more, feeling more.

"Jen," Bing whispers against my lips. "I should get you home."

I sigh, dropping my head. My forehead rests on his shoulder, and the cold temperature is suddenly apparent to me. I take a deep breath in, ignoring the sting of his blatant rejection.

"Okay."

Chapter Five

JEN

I jab my pen at the essay in front of me. I'm taking an art degree, for the love of whoever the f**k is in the sky right now, why do I need to write essays?

I just wanna paint.

I slam the pen down on the half-finished paper and get up, making my way to my room. I pull open my box at the end of the bed and grab a canvas, paints, and my favourite brushes. I dump them on the sofa and set my easel up by the window looking out over the park.

With my palate resting on my knee and my brush in hand, I touch the bristles to the plain white canvas.

Painting is real. It's where emotion lies, where crazy thoughts merge with the sane reality of life around us. It's the only place I can truly be me. Even with Carl, a part of me was always kept inside, tucked away slightly.

Until Bing. Until he walked into my life, painting was my only outlet.

I saw his soft brown eyes. I saw his cocky smile and his challenging stance. He brings out the fire in me, the playful flirt, the serious dreamer. I don't have to hold back.

Stroke. Swirl. Blend.

He's a pain in the ass, though. I want to kiss him as much as I want to kill him, and I know he wants in my pants. But that kiss...

That kiss that almost happened, then was fought against for over a year, then finally happened. That one that shouldn't have happened? Yep. That painful little bugger.

Water. Paint. Dab. Dab. Swish.

My eyes focus on what I'm painting, and I rest my brush against my palate. I've painted the scene outside in the park, or started to, but there's a difference.

There's a figure leaning against the tree, brown hair flicking in his face, and brown eyes looking right at me.

Sleeping, eating, thinking, painting.

That stupid lobster-headed gimp face has taken over all of my damn bodily functions.

BING

I hand Dad the file he wanted and turn back outside. Covering for Alec is dull, and I have no idea how he puts up with this.

"Everything alright, Sam?" Dad asks.

"Fine," I reply.

"Doesn't seem it."

"What would you do if Mum had been with someone when you knew you wanted her?"

"What do you mean?"

I turn and lean against the door. "There's the girl, but she's with some guy, and has been for a while. Thing is, you have this insane need to be near her all the time, despite your reputation for something you couldn't give two craps about anymore. What would you do? Would you sit by and wait, or would you convince her she's with the wrong guy?"

"This isn't a hypothetical question, is it, son?"

"I'm not sure."

Dad scratches his chin. "I'd let her know you're interested. That way, she has to make the move."

"What if you already have?" I stopped Jen from kissing me. I stopped her. "Shit."

Dad looks at me questioningly.

"I may have kissed her, or rather, she kissed me, and I stopped it. Oh, man. She probably thinks I don't give a shit!"

He looks back down and flicks through the file. Of course. I'm finally coming to him for female advice, and he's set on work. Typical.

"Take the evening off, you've done well today, Sam. Arthur and I can sort the last properties. Go and sort what you need to."

"For real?"

"For real," Dad smiles. "Just for God sake, don't bring your sorry butt back in here until you've got Jen on your arm."

I double-take. "How did you... Y'know what? Never mind."

Dad laughs loudly. I wink, salute him, and tear out of that office like my ass is on fire.

JEN

He thinks I'm still with Carl.

No-one has told him otherwise, and I don't think he cares enough except to get into my little lacy panties. The ones with the bows.

I don't know what to think of it. Does it mean he respects me enough to not sleep with me when I'm in a relationship? Or is it respect for Carl?

Either way, I spent all night thinking it over, and came to the conclusion that Bing just wants in my pants. It's okay, because I want in his too. Regardless of his old reputation.

Apparently old reputation. Do I believe it? Eh. About as much as I'd believe a pregnant woman telling me she's a virgin. Bing doesn't do celibate and apart from a four month relationship last year, he doesn't do them either.

Not that he necessarily does fidelity. He's about as faithful as a rabbit in mating season bonking their way round the rabbit hole.

So... Sex is good. The best way to get over someone is to get under them, right? Maybe I just need to man up... Yikes. I don't want a penis. Ahem. Maybe I just need to woman up, and woman handle him into my bedroom.

Yes. We can go for that. We'll get together, leave emotion at the door, and have a good old spring bounce on the bed. Easy peasy lemon squeezy.

~

BING

People are exes for a reason, and when I look into the pleading puppy dog eyes of my ex, Heidi, I wonder why the f**k she was ever in the position to become an ex in the first place.

"No." I say flatly. "I have a place to be."

"Bing, please, we were so good together." She tries to trail a finger down my arm and my skin crawls at the thought.

"Still no." I move away from her. "Bye, Heidi."

"Bing! I forgive you, you know. I don't care if you cheated."

Jesus Christ, is she f**king stupid?

"Heidi, listen. I didn't give a shit six months ago, I don't give a shit today, and I probably won't tomorrow either. Do yourself a favour and stop making a fool of yourself." I leave without looking, and ask myself why I have.

That there, my friends, was sex on a plate. With a f**king birthday candle and sprinkles.

It was also as ugly as hell. What have I been doing my whole life?

'Maybe you should find a nice girl to settle down with,' Grammy said before she died. Good logic, not enough execution.

Here's the thing; the girls I sleep with are nice enough, they give me what I want, and most of them leave without a fuss. I'm mildly, if not highly attracted to them. Sometimes, if I like them enough, I'll have another go.

I liked Heidi enough to stick around for three months, and become 'exclusive' before my dick developed its own brain, and ran after the next girl with a half decent pair of tits. I ended the 'relationship' not long after. I might be a prick but I'm not a serial cheater and I won't lie about it.

But still - Heidi offered me sex the way you'd offer your Gran a cup of tea. I still said no. I wouldn't even consider it. My brain can't consider it.

I pull up outside my house and decide to call my sister. Unlocking the door, I wrestle my phone from my pocket and speed dial her.

"Something serious must be wrong if you're calling me willingly," Lexy muses as soon as she answers.

"I just got accosted by my ex-girlfriend," I grumble. "That's pretty serious."

"Oh no," she says in a flat voice. "However did you cope having a busty babe rubbing her plastic chest against you?"

"No need to be a bitch. It was hell. I think I'm scarred for life."

"I'm sure you'll live."

I grunt and rub my face. "I have a question."

"Go on..." she says suspiciously. My sister, always the sceptic.

"Why did Jen come back early?"

"You don't know?"

"If I knew, would I be f**king asking?"

"Bing, are you honestly telling me you still don't know why she went back so early?" Lexy says, slightly incredulous.

"Of course I am!" I try not to shout. "I asked her in Devon, but she told me not to push it. Oh, and she insulted me several times."

"Oh, boy." She laughs. "Well, she and Carl broke up."

"What?" I stop dead in my tracks. "They what?"

"They broke up," she repeats. "They weren't getting along so they called it a day. I think they're both happier now."

That explains a lot. Namely the kiss she planted on me yesterday.

"So she's single?" I ask.

"Well, yeah... Bing? Bing, what are you doing?!"

"Gotta go sis love you bye!" I hang up and slide my phone back into my pocket, pulling my trainers on at the same time. "Shit shit f**k shit!"

I run from the house, get into my car, and head for Jen's. Stopping at a red light, I grab my phone, set up hands free, and call her.

"What?" she answers. "I don't have time..."

"Why didn't you tell me you and Carl broke up?" I demand, barely keeping to the speed limit.

"Uh, maybe because it's absolutely, positively nothing to do with your nosey butt?" she answers.

"It's something to do with me when you kiss me in the middle of the park."

"Oh. Hm. Good point," she says warily.

"You better be at yours," I warn her.

"What if I'm not?"

"Then you get your ass home."

"I'm home," she pauses. "Why are you coming here?"

"Answer the door in about thirty seconds and you'll find out." I park outside her building, hang up, and take the stairs two at a time.

Knock. Knock.

The door opens and before she can even raise her eyebrows, my hands are on the sides of her head and my lips are on hers.

JEN

Bing's hands frame my face as he kisses me hard, his tongue tracing between my lips. I squeak in shock, grabbing his shirt so I don't fall backwards.

He pushes me in and kicks the door shut, one hand moving to my back and holding me against flush against his body. I slide my hands up his chest and grip his neck when he slips his tongue into my mouth. He hoists me up by the waist and carries me into the living room before dropping me on the sofa. He settles between my legs, still holding me, and pulls back from me slightly.

Mocha coloured eyes bore into mine as I try to control my breathing.

"Hello to you too. Come on in," I comment, my blood thundering through my body.

"Why didn't you tell me, Jen?" he asks softly.

"I didn't think you'd care."

Bing opens his mouth and closes it again. He shakes his head slightly.

"What? Why would you care?" I ask. He rests his hand against my cheek, and his thumb strokes slowly across my flushed cheek.

"Oh, you annoying little berk. Where you're concerned, I always care. Always have." His lips press against mine, softly this time, and I sigh.

"You stole my word."

"And?" His eyes twinkle in amusement.

"What is this?" I whisper. "What are you doing?"

"I'm doing what I should have done two weeks ago, Jennifer," he whispers back, kissing the corner of my mouth. I turn my head to kiss him properly, all my fight leaving me the second he holds me tighter. My fingers snake upwards into his hair, and my legs hook round his waist to hold him where he is, in front of me. I can't deny that I want him, and I can't fight the damn want anymore.

"You only get this option because I care about how you feel." Bing nibbles up my ear. "Tell me to stop."

I take a deep breath in. "No."

"No?" He looks at me. "You don't want me to stop?"

"I don't want you to stop. As long as it's you making me feel this way, I never want you to stop."

I see him take a deep breath in, and then I'm up, in his arms, and he's carrying me.

He kisses me and shoves my bedroom door open. I kick the door shut behind us and we fall back onto my bed, tongues mingling.

I tug at the collar of his shirt, and he chuckles.

"Someone's eager." He kisses down my neck, dragging his lips across my skin.

"Don't make sex difficult like you do everything else, Bing." I breathe out the words, and tug again, the top bunching in my hands. I pull it clear over his head and fling it on the floor. My hands move down his back, my nails lightly scraping his skin. He sucks the spot between my neck and shoulder as my fingers follow every indent and dimple in his skin.

"Don't do that." His voice is husky.

"Do what?" I ask as his hands roam shamelessly, desperately, needing, over my body, stroking and probing with his fingers.

"That moany noise," he slides his hands under my top. "You have no idea how many times I've dreamed of you making that noise with me."

His thumb brushes the underside of my breast. I bite my tongue, fighting the moan that wants to escape, and I pull him closer to me.

"Fuck, f**k it," he groans, and rips off my top. He hooks his fingers in my pyjama bottoms, and slides them off in a smooth motion before he moves his mouth back to me, swirling his tongue across my chest.

I gasp, and push my hips up into him. His hand massages my centre, and he slides a finger inside me, groaning against my skin. A sharp moan leaves my mouth, and I can feel Bing smile as he kisses his way back to my mouth.

"Like that, huh?" he nibbles my ear again.

"Shut up," I mumble, running my nose across his shoulder. He moves down my body, his tongue swirling. His hands slide around behind me, holding my ass, and he draws circles around my belly button. My body jerks, and my legs tug at his jeans.

Bing takes his hands from me, pulls them off, and runs his fingers up my calves. He kisses up the inside of my thigh, and I hold my breath when his lips graze my tender flesh. He flicks his tongue out once, twice, three times, and I clench all my muscles. His name leaves my mouth as he sucks gently on me, my lower stomach tightening.

He licks a trail back up from my hips to my neck, and lowers himself against me. I wrap my hand around him and guide him, pushing his tip in.

"You're so impatient."

"I'll show you f**king impatient." I dig my heels into his bum and push him into me with one thrust. I grip his back, and he grunts.

"Yep." He slides out, then back into me, and I move with him. "Jesus, Jen."

I tighten the muscles, squeezing him. Sweat slicks our bodies as he picks up the pace. My back arches. Skin slides against skin. Lips drop kisses. Tongues sweep. Muscles clench. Eyelids flutter. Fingers grip. Holds tighten. Breathing becomes panting. Panting becomes crying out.

A year of tension becomes release.

Bing slumps onto me, and kisses me gently. Grabbing my quilt, he rolls us to the side and snuggles us under it. I'm tucked into his chest, my head is resting against his shoulder, and our legs are tangled. He kisses my head, and I shiver.

"What is it, gorgeous?"

"I just... Nothing." I smile against his skin, relaxed, and close my eyes.

BING

"For the record," Jen says in a sleepy voice. "If you have them, still, you can wear the pink boxers. They're kinda sexy."

I chuckle and bury my face in her hair, holding her even tighter.

"I have them, I'll bear that in mind," I tell her softly and listen as her breathing evens out. She's sleeping in my arms, and I've never felt so relaxed.

I roll my eyes at myself. When did I become such a f**king sap? Oh yeah, that'll be about the time Jennifer-I'll-Kick-Your-Ass-And-Make-You-Fall-For-Me-Mason reappeared back into my life and became a permanent fixture. Because that's what happening.

Over the last year, I've slowly starting falling for her, and now I'm not sure I can get back up.

Who would have thought the most attitude filled person I've ever met would be my perfect balance?

~

I wake to the smell of bacon and an empty bed. Jen's empty bed. A smug, satisfied smile graces my lips.

I slide my boxers and jeans on and poke my head round her bedroom door. She's stood in front of the cooker in the kitchen in nothing...

Nothing but my t-shirt.

She bends over to check on something in the oven. My top rides up revealing the bottom of her pert little ass, and I instantly feel myself get hard.

Holy f**king shit with knobs on.

Silently I creep from her room and into the kitchen. My arms circle her waist from behind, and her head tilts to the side as I kiss her neck.

"Good morning," she chirps happily, cracking an egg in the frying pan.

"Good mornin'. Are you making me breakfast?"

"No, I'm clearly making it for the five thousand." She rolls her eyes. "Technically, I'm making me breakfast. You're just here."

"Oh, so you cook all this daily do you?" I run my fingers along the bottom of my shirt, grazing the tips of her thighs.

"Don't be stupid, Samuel." Jen gives me an exaggerated sigh. "I would not be the fittest thing this side of the Atlantic if I ate this much every morning!"

"Mm, you're definitely right about being the hottest thing this side of the Atlantic." I kiss her neck again and press my hips into her. She stops and turns, pointing the spatula at me.

"Are you trying to tell me that cooking bacon is sexy?" She raises an eyebrow.

"No." I slide my hand between us and trace circles on her bare ass. "But you wearing my shirt is."

"I like wearing it." She turns back round, satisfied. "It smells like you."

"Like brilliance and blinding good looks?"

"No, like arrogance and an ego bigger than the United States of America."

"Oi!" I tickle her sides, and she squeals.

"No, Bing, no, not while I'm cooking!" She tries to wiggle away, but I flick the switch on the cooker to off.

"You're not cooking anymore." I grin wolfishly at her.

She looks up at me through her stupidly thick eyelashes, and desire shoots straight through me. "No, but it's still hot as hell in here. It must be me." She fans her face.

"You think this is hot?" I ask in a low voice. "You're in the wrong room, babe." I start walking backwards, tugging her with me, and her eyes widen.

"Again?"

I press a soft, probing kiss to her slightly parted mouth and nibble her plump bottom lip. "You told me never to stop making you feel the way I do, so let's start as I mean to go on, hmm?"

She inhales sharply and looks up at me, desire illuminating her eyes into a blinding blue. She grabs the front of my jeans, tugging me back towards her.

"Again then."

Chapter Six

JEN

I'm waddling like a f**king penguin.

I'm not going to lie, the guy would put a horse to shame. And that whole 'it's not what you've got it's what you do with it' thing? Bollocks. Utter bollocks.

Bing has it, and he knows what to do with it. Joe can keep his Triple O's.

The hot water of my shower rushes over me, and I wipe my eyes when I hear someone knocking at my door. I raise my eyes to the ceiling, stop the water, and climb out to answer it. I wrap my towel round me, and peek through the crack in the door.

"Who is it?" I ask.

"Who do you want it to be?" Bing's voice answers, sounding low and sensual.

"If Chad Michael Murray is available, I'll take him." I open the door, and let him in.

"Sorry, he's not around today. You'll have to make do with just me." He follows me in and shuts the door.

"Damn. Here I thought my luck was in." I shake my head and head back towards the bathroom.

"Where are you going?" He grabs my hips and kisses my bare shoulder. "Don't I even get a hello?"

"I'm going to finish my shower." I tap his hands and he lets me go. I disappear into the bathroom and drop the towel. I restart the water and step back under it, loving the feeling of the water pounding against my back.

"Company?" Hot breath breathes over me and a warm body squeezes in behind me.

"I don't remember giving you permission to hijack my shower." I tilt my head back against his shoulder and the water runs down my neck, my chest, my stomach.

"I don't need permission," he mumbles, his tongue flicking out against my shoulder and tracing the path of the water. He dips his head forward, letting his tongue drag across my skin. He circles it round my nipple, and I wriggle.

"You bloody well do," I say, trying to hide my desire for him. He's not hiding anything. I can feel him pressing between my ass cheeks. "This is my shower-"

"And it's my girl inside it." His hands slide down my sides and back across my stomach. "That means I can join you."

"It does?" I breathe.

"It does," he echoes, spinning me so my front is pressed against him. His lips come down on mine in a crushing kiss, and I wrap my arms round his neck, holding his hair. Our bodies are slick together thanks to the water, and I find my back against the cold tiles of the shower wall, Bing's mouth kissing a trail down my neck.

He slides his hands to my thighs and picks me up, wrapping my legs around his waist. He holds my back, and one hand creeps down between my legs, running along me. I groan into his shoulder.

"God, Jen," he mutters, moving his hand along me. His fingers dip inside me, his thumb pressing across my hardened clit already calling out for him. I gasp, closing my eyes as water hits my face. He closes his mouth over mine, sucking my bottom lip hard. I clench, and he takes his hand away. Seconds later, I feel him push against me. I move my hips up slightly,

"Wait," I whisper, holding his head. "Did you just call me 'your girl'?"

He drops me down onto him, thrusting up into me, and I throw my head back against the wall at the feeling. I grind my hips against him as he teases me by moving out and in slowly, his breathing heavy in my ear. I dig my fingers into his shoulders as his mouth moves across my shoulders, kissing me in a gentle, tender way that makes me want to cry.

He moves a hand and cups my head, laying my forehead against his. I close my eyes, and he stops moving, buried deep inside me.

"Open your eyes." His breath fans over my mouth, and I force my eyes open. I look straight into those brown eyes that intoxicate me every time. He smiles. "That's better. I want to see the look in your beautiful eyes when you lose yourself to me."

I draw in a long desire filled breath at his words, and he moves again slowly. The long, smooth strokes are a contrast to the times before, the times where passion and need took over. This... This feels like more.

When my world flies apart in his arms, he stares straight into my eyes and kisses me the way I've secretly always wanted him to.

~

"Lexy's back tonight," I say over my shoulder.

"Yep, she text me before I came over here." Bing moves some hair from my neck.

I'm surprised he's still here. In fact, I'm surprised he's stayed around for three days. It's not his usual M.O. He's usually gone before you've finished screaming his name.

"Here." I hand him the mug of tea and lean against the counter. He studies me, his eyes lingering on mine and the uncertainty that I know is shining there. My sarcastic defence mechanisms creep to the front. "Why are you looking at me like I'm a damn algebra puzzle?"

His lips curl, and I remember how they feel on my skin. I remember what it's like to be held by him. I remember how he called me his girl. But Bing doesn't do the whole alpha male caveman thing like Alec does with Lexy.

"You look like you need working out."

"I don't know if I should take that as a compliment or an insult."

"I don't mean in the physical sense, but if that was the case then I can safely say you've had plenty of work outs in the last few days." He smirks. "No. It's something more. What are you keeping locked up, Jen?"

BING

Those blue eyes that have me so entranced are a whirlpool of doubt, uncertainty, and reserve. I can see it. Her heart is on her sleeve. What she expected and what she wants are at opposite ends of the relationship spectrum.

I won't settle for anything less than the far end of it.

"Nothing." She looks into her mug. "Why would I have anything to hide from you?"

I've kissed every inch of that silky smooth skin. I've touched every millimetre of her body, felt her lips against my skin, against my lips, against my body. I've felt her against me. I've held her while she slept, watched her, imagined her as mine for good.

I remember every second since she walked back into my life two years ago. I remember it all. I remember her comments, her smile, and her carefree attitude. I remember her from up close and afar. I remember her. All of her.

The memories mean I know something is up, and that there's serious things swirling in her pretty little head.

"You tell me, beautiful." I set the mug down on the counter next to me. "Talk to me, Jen."

"Why?" She looks up and there's a mixture of fire and ice in her eyes, both contrasting in a way that makes desire look like a passing glance.

"Because-"

"So you can tell your sister not to mention your name around me?" She puts her mug down. "So you can go home and carve another notch or five into your bedpost? Why, Bing? Why do you need to know how I'm feeling?"

I move in front of her, and she puts her hands against me to move me away. I grip her wrists and move my hands so my fingers link with hers. I lean my hips against her, holding her in place against the side as I hold her hands tightly.

"Because I care, Jen." My voice is soft. "I care if you're happy, sad or angry. I care if you don't feel good enough, if you don't feel like you can face the day. It matters to me if you're having a bad day and need a cuddle because I want to be the one to hold you. I told you I cared, girl, didn't you believe me, really?"

She shakes her head no, ever so slightly. I breathe out a long, tortured sigh.

"I want you, Jennifer Mason. I must be f**king crazy, but God knows I do. I don't want you once, or twice, or five times. I don't want you on my f**king bedpost with a silk scarf. I want you on my heart with a bed of roses. I want to wake up next to you, holding you, loving you. I want to see that smile, hear those dumb ass comments you're so fond of, and I want to wrestle you into bed each night. I want to worship your body, treat you like the goddess you were born as. I want to make you mine, babe. I want to make you forget the rest of the world. I want to be your world, 'cause I'll be damned if you aren't becoming mine."

JEN

My heart stopped beating for the whole two minutes he spoke, and I'm pretty sure it isn't starting again anytime soon.

For the first time, I really, truly understand why it took Lexy so long to trust Alec. Faced with a playboy with a reputation bigger than his tools, you have to think. You can't jump into everything head first. You have to dip a toe in, test the waters, and ease your body in gradually. Ease your heart in.

Alec couldn't have broken Lexy's heart even if he'd wanted to, with the exception of Vi's secret, but Bing? Samuel 'Bing' Edwards has the power to turn my heart into a ball of ash, a shattered ball of nothing. He has the power to turn me into nothing.

And the sad thing is, is that I know this. I've known it for months. I knew it even when I told Carl I loved him towards the end. I didn't, and I don't think he meant it either.

Forever doesn't always mean forever. Dreams aren't always infinite. Always doesn't have to mean the universe.

Always, forever, dreams. They're spur of the moment words used in spur of the moment sentences. I don't believe in forever and always. I have more integrity and dignity than to believe that, than to promise myself to someone for that long. If forever will happen then I'll be happy to be proved wrong, but the person I want to prove me wrong is the person most unlikely to.

The person stood in front of me that just told me he wants me.

He wants me. Not as a quick f**k, a one night stand. He wants more. He wants my heart, my soul, and all I have to give him. He can have it - my heart, my soul - for all I care now. He just can't have it all.

There's too much dirt to dig up, too many piles of shit to shovel before he gets to know he's everything that matters. His past is too deep, too entwined with girls, sex, and alcohol.

I told Lexy not to worry about the past. I know now they were empty words. How can you not worry about it when everything you hold dear is on the line? How can you not worry when you are on the line?

His body pressed against mine. His fingers laced with mine. His lips against mine.

I feel it all, remember it all. I remember the two words from his lips that made my world turn upside down and tilt off its axis to hit the damn moon. 'My girl.' My girl.

His.

I could be. I just have to say yes to the infuriating, complicated moron that just lay his heart on the line, for me.

His brown eyes are full of want, desire, need.

They're full of promises, but promises are easily broken.

They're full of the future, but the future is easily changed.

"Why?" I ask, my voice stronger than I feel inside. "Why am I so different to the others, Sam? Why me?"

He slides his hands up my arms until they're cupping my face the way they did when he burst through my front door and kissed me.

"Because," he says. "Because you're you, Jen. You're the light in a world forever doomed to darkness."

I close my eyes, conflict warring inside my crazy damn brain.

Trust him. Don't. Trust him. Don't.

The little devil on my left shoulder is hopping with glee. The angel on my right is glaring and shaking her head defiantly. If she wasn't holy, I'd bet she'd be cursing the f**k out of the sex god stood in front me.

"What about the others? The girls that can't seem to keep their hands off you. The ones that would do anything for you," I say. "The ones that would give anything for one night with Samuel Edwards."

"What about them?" He shrugs carelessly. "I can't keep my hands off you. I'd do anything for you. I'd give anything for another night with you - for every night with you. Don't you get it, Jen? I've wanted you since I saw you lying on the beach a year and a half ago in Lilac Bay. I've wanted you ever since you opened that smart mouth and ripped it out of me."

I smirk. "I'm kinda good at that."

"I love your filthy mouth." He dips his head and bites my bottom lip gently, his lips grazing the surface of mine.

"What if I trust you, Bing? What if I give you everything and it turns to nothing?"

"It won't turn to nothing," he replies. "I won't always be perfect, Jen, baby, but I'll try to be the best I can. I want you, girl, just you. No-one else. Trust me. Once. That's all I'm asking."

Once. It's easier said than done. It's easier said than thought.

"I knew the second you chased me with a prawn you'd be a bit of a bad boy." I whisper.

"I knew the second you stole my sister's hermit crab you'd be a handful," he whispers back, a glimmer in his eye.

"What if I can't take it, Bing? What if I can't deal with the girls that will throw themselves all over you?"

He runs his fingers through my hair, pushing it away from my face. My head tilts back slightly.

"Then maybe, baby..." He moves in close. "Maybe, you can come to me, and I'll remind you exactly why they're nothing more than a shadow in the night and you're the light."

"I can't promise you forever, Bing," I whisper. "Not until you can prove that everything you just said is it, the real thing."

He stops and sighs. "You don't believe me do you?" He shakes his head and turns away. I grab his arm.

"Walk, Bing, and that's it. This is what you can't do. I need to know that what you're saying to me is how you actually feel. It's what you want."

"Why?"

"Because I don't know you. I don't know as much about you as I want to. Show me you're being serious, that I'm everything you want, more than sex, then I'm yours. Until then, we're in uncharted territory."

His eyes meet mine and in them I see steely resolve, determination. "You're gonna wish you never challenged me to that, Jennifer Mason."

"No," I say, stepping against him. He wraps his arms around me. "I'm hoping I'll be glad I challenged you to it."

~

BING

The knowing gleam in my baby sister's brown eyes is disconcerting to say the least. She's way more observant than even she knows, and she eyes both me and Jen with amused interest.

"So..." Lexy clicks her tongue. "Anything interesting happen while I was away?"

"Not much," Jen says, her eyes fixed on the television.

"Ah-huh," Lexy teases her bottom lip between her teeth. "I'm sure that in a big ol' city like London absolutely nothing happened." She rolls her eyes and shoots me a sly glance.

I'm f**ked if she knows.

And she does.

She knows.

So I'm f**ked.

"Nope, Jen's right." I shrug. "Absolutely nothing has happened."

"Nothing in general... or nothing worth sharing?" Lexy grins. An 'I know' grin.

"Princess..." Alec puts his hand over her mouth. "'Nuff."

"Mm mm mm," she says behind his hand, and he moves it. "I said, no it's not. I'm only asking!"

"Asking and interrogating are two different things."

"Then I'm interrogating."

I watch as Jen smiles and hides her mouth behind her hand. I want to reach out and touch her, but hey, this whole 'let's keep it between us' thing was her idea. And I know why.

She wants me to prove to her tomorrow night when we all go out that I can stay with my eyes on her. That I won't even look at another girl. Her challenge is accepted.

Gladly accepted.

"I'm going for a drink. Any of you miserable gits need one?" Jen stands.

"I'll come with." Lexy follows her and winks at me. Goddamn her!

"Didn't take you long," Alec says with a slight hint of bitterness.

"Na, mate. It ain't what you think." I twirl the bottle between my fingers.

"Then what is it? Cause both of you have got that just f**ked look about you."

"Yes, I had sex with her. Several times. Happy?" I raise my eyebrows. "I gave her the chance to stop, and she said no. But it isn't what you're thinking. It isn't just sex... Hell, I don't know what this is."

"What what is?"

I sigh, leaning my head back on the sofa. "I told her I wanted her, right? Not just as a quick f**k, but as something more."

"A girlfriend?" Alec smirks.

"Wipe that damn look off your face." I flick my head back up. "Yes. And she said no. Fucking no!"

"Why did she say no?"

Even Alec is confused. Bloody women.

"She said something about not being sure if she can trust me and wanting to get to know me. I want her. What more is there to know?"

Alec chuckles and shakes his head. "Oh, man. Girls like to know the soppy shit. Ya know, favourite films, favourite food, can you make them smile?"

"Jesus Christ," I groan, rubbing my forehead. "I'm guessing a list won't do the job?"

"Oh no," Alec laughs. "I hope you're ready for weeks of flowers, early morning text messages, and candlelit dinners. Also, don't forget the TV cuddle nights. No sex."

"You're kidding. How am I supposed to hug that girl without wanting to rip off her clothes?"

"You think you've got issues?" He takes a swig of beer. "Your sister still makes me do that romantic shit."

Jesus f**king Christ. When did I step into a chick flick?

"I don't do romance," I protest.

"Then you gotta get a romance guide for dummies, 'cause she ain't gonna take anything less than everything you got."

"Why does convincing a girl you're worth it sound a lot like divorce?"

"Because on the pain in the ass scale, it's about the same."

"Okay." I close my eyes. "Shit, man. I can't believe I'm gonna do this. What's first?"

"Early morning texts," Alec says without batting an eyelid. "Every day."

"Might as well send flowers for a f**king wake up call."

"Good shout. Do that."

JEN

"Bing looks happy," Lexy says, taking the wine from the fridge.

I raise an eyebrow, and set two glasses on the counter. "Girl if you have somethin' to say, say it. Don't you go pu**yfooting around my ass."

She laughs, and pours the wine. "Tell me what happened."

"He jumped on me. Literally. No hello, no nothing." I sigh. "I'm not going into details though 'cause that is so wrong."

"I'm glad you two are finally working it out. It doesn't take a genius to work out you've been fantasising over him for months!"

"That is so..." She raises an eyebrow. "...Damn messed up you know that. Shit. How do you know that? Are you Derren Brown's long lost daughter?"

She bursts out laughing. "No! It's just kinda obvious. At least now you're together."

"Ha," I say in a small voice. "Yeah. Funny you should mention that..."

"Jen..."

"Teeny tiny major detail." I hold two fingers up with a small space between them. "We kinda are. Kinda aren't. In between. Ish."

Lexy's eyebrows go up. "Go on."

I take a big gulp of wine. "I now know how much bullshit I fed to you before you and Alec got together. It's not that I don't trust Bing, 'cause I do, sorta, I just know his woman-eating ways, and I want him to prove he wants me." I shrug a shoulder.

"And how on earth do you plan on achieving that?" My best friend smiles.

"I don't know. It's not my job to tell his hot ass what to do. Besides, Alec did it for you, and I figure that if Bing really, really wants me, then he'll keep his snake in its cage for every woman besides me."

"I'm gonna ignore that last part, but I agree with you. Huh." She tilts her head slightly. "But you want him, right? I can tell you have more than just the bed bug for him."

I glance through the opening to where the two guys are laughing on the sofa. Bing turns his head as if he can sense me watching, and his soft brown eyes meet mine. There's a challenge there.

What will I do now? Will I sit next to him or will I go back to the other sofa?

His lips curl upwards, and I'll be damned to hell and back several hundred times if I don't want to feel those against me again, but let it be said that Jennifer Mason is not an easy lay. Ah huh, you heard me.

I was totally distracted the last errrr, five times.

Oh, sheesh. Five times?

"Yeah," I say, answering Lexy's question. "I do. I'm pretty sure of it."

She winks, smiling, and we go back into the front room. I sit next to Bing on the sofa, leaning against the arm, and crossing my legs. My jeans strain against my skin, and I rest my head to the side on my hand. My hair falls down exposing the side of my neck.

I can feel his heated eyes on me as I glance at Lexy, and she's hiding a smile behind the rim of her wine glass. I bite the inside of my cheek and lick my lips.

BING

I don't think we're on the same agenda here.

I'm on romance and she's on seduction.

Don't get me wrong, I'm never one to turn down a seduction, and especially not from the blonde haired goddess next to me. It just doesn't fit with the roses and chocolate plan.

It fits with the plan of my second head though. Yep, brain number two likes the way her jeans tighten when she crosses her legs. In fact, my first brain does too. Oh, who the f**k am I kidding? If my sister and her boyfriend weren't here, I'd take this girl on the rug, romance be f**king damned.

Her mouth twitches as she hides a smile. She's doing this deliberately, and it's working. She knows it. Okay, then, gorgeous, we'll have it your way.

"Is it hot in here?" I ask no-one in particular. Alec smirks like he can read my mind.

I put the beer bottle on the table next to me, and pull my shirt off. The smile drops from Jen's lips, and she licks them again. Her eyes travel slowly over my torso and I see that spark of desire flare deep in them. Her come and f**k me eyes.

"If it wasn't before, it is now," Lexy mutters as she looks between us. "It's like mating time at the zoo."

"Fitting." I smirk at Jen. "Cause there's at least one animal here."

Her mouth drops open, and she glares at me playfully. "Wouldn't you like to know just how animal like I can be?"

"Oh hell." Lexy covers her ears, and Alec chuckles.

"Here, kitty, kitty," I crook my fingers.

"Be careful there, Samuel." Her eyes flash again, both a seductive warning and a promise. "Or my tiger claws will come out."

I sit back, and pick my beer back up, taking a slow drink. Jen mimics my movement, bringing her glass to those perfectly shaped lips.

"What would you do if I told you I like your tiger claws?"

She swings her legs round, leans into me, and tugs my face down her. "Maybe," she whispers. "...Maybe I'd tell you to get your coat, we're leaving."

Holy... I adjust the way I'm sitting to hide the way my dick took that as an open invitation to stand to attention.

"Is that so?" I reply in a low voice.

"Yes." She trails her finger down my arm, and leans back. "But, unfortunately, today isn't your day, and tomorrow isn't looking all that promising either."

She downs the rest of her wine and stands, winking at me. A giggling Lexy follows an ass wiggling Jen into the kitchen, and I breathe in deeply.

Alec looks at me sympathetically. "Cards and flowers, mate, cards and flowers."

Fucking romance.

Chapter Seven

JEN

A knock on my door wakes me up. Who in their right mind is knocking on my goddamn door at eight in the morning? Do they not know they're about to step into the devil's lair?

Grumbling under my breath, I grab my robe and wrap it around me. My feet slide into my slippers and I pad my way across my flat.

"Who is it?" I call out. No answer. "God sake," I mutter.

I twist the key, unlocking the door. Then my brain goes mushy. Incoherent sentence kinda mushy.

Bing is stood against the wall opposite my door, looking perfect in dark jeans, a white jumper, and his messy hair. But that's not what renders me speechless. It's the bunch of red roses in his hand.

"What are you doing?" I can't help the smile that breaks onto my face.

He shrugs one shoulder. "You said romance, right? I figured roses were a good way to go."

He steps towards me, and I take the flowers. The bright red petals draw my attention and I look down at them in awe. Who knew Bing was so thoughtful?

"This is what you were speaking to Alec about, isn't it?" I smirk.

"Maybe. But the flowers were all my idea." He grins lopsidedly.

I trace a finger along one of the flowers, following the line with my eyes. "They're perfect, thank you."

Bing moves his hand upwards, brushing some hair away from my brow. He presses a gentle kiss to my forehead. I raise my eyes to his.

"Of course," he replies. "You can't give perfect anything less than perfection itself."

"Who the heck gave you the mushy-wushy pills this morning?" I giggle.

"No-one, just doing the same as I always do." He grins. "Just tellin' it how I see it."

I shake my head, a small smile on my lips. "Don't suppose you bought the vase, did you?"

"You don't have one?"

"Meh... Why would I have a vase? I don't usually get flowers." I turn to go inside and he follows me.

"Carl didn't get you flowers?"

I shrug one shoulder. "He wasn't a flowery type of guy."

BING

Carl didn't buy her flowers? Well, f**k me, I'm not a flowery type of guy either, I'm a love 'em and leave 'em kinda guy, but I'd buy Jen the damn moon if she really wanted it.

"Do you have something to keep them in until later? We'll go and get you a vase."

"The sink, I guess. And you don't need to buy a vase too," she protests. "I can do that."

"No, I'm buying it." I cross the kitchen, and hold her waist from behind. She leans back into me and turns her head. I nudge the side of her face with my nose.

"You don't have to."

"I know," I say softly. "But I want to."

I reach round her and start the tap, my other arm still holding her. She puts the bouquet into the water, and I silently thank Mum for her expert knowledge on early opening florists in our area.

Jen smiles and fingers the flowers again. "I can't believe that you, Samuel Edwards, bought little old me flowers."

"I know, my reputation is forever tarnished," I tease.

She spins in my arms, her blue eyes looking up at me. "Why did you buy them? Don't shit me around, Sam. Honest truth."

"Because it's you. I don't need another explanation."

Her eyes narrow slightly and she studies me. She stands on her tiptoes, and her lips graze mine. I tighten my grip on her hips and kiss her back, deepening it. Her arms wind round my neck tightly, her body presses against mine, and I remember I didn't come here to seduce her. I came here to romance her.

It takes all my restraint not to drag her off to the bedroom, especially when she puts her hands in my hair and winds it round her fingers.

"I forgot to tell you," I murmur against her swollen lips. "I have all of today off. Dad's feeling nice."

"Mm, that's a shame." She drops back down her heels. "Because I have to work all day. I have an essay due in first day back on Monday."

"That's fine. I'll stay." I kiss her once more and let her go, moving towards her sofa.

"Really?"

"Yep. You're more likely to have pizza in your freezer," I flash a grin as I lie back, stretching out. Her eyes travel over my body before they snap back to mine.

"Then you're out of luck, stud muffin." She sashays to her bedroom. "Because I have no pizza."

The door shuts behind her, and I flick the TV on. "That's fine," I shout, "I'll just order Dominos."

Her door opens, and she pokes her head round. "Can you make sure there's double pepperoni?"

"Not at eight in the morning, gorgeous."

"Huh. There's bacon in my fridge. Get cooking, then," she orders, and I jump up, running across the room. I put my foot out stopping her from closing the door, and pull off my top.

"I'd much prefer this view," I hand her the top and she takes it, smirking.

"Oh, you will." Her eyes twinkle playfully, and she gives me a shove. The door shuts and I grin. There's something sinfully sexy about her wearing my top and not much else.

The door opens again, and she bounces out. She launches herself across the room at me and I barely catch her. She presses her lips to mine, and I cup her bare ass, my fingers sliding downwards as she pulls herself up. The tips brush something warm...

"Fucking hell, Jen," I let her go and step back, shaking my head.

"What?" She grins and her eyes flick down. I throb, hardening against my jeans.

"I... you..."

She licks her lips, tilting her head to the side and turns, her ass cheeks peeking out the bottom of my top.

"If I didn't know any better, Samuel, I'd say you were trying not to jump my bones this very second."

"Jennifer, you are naked under my top," I growl. "So yes, I'm trying not to drag you into that bedroom and keep you there all day."

"Why don't you?" She turns from the fridge with a raised eyebrow.

"Because you're worth more than that," I reply. She softens, her lips curling up. She reaches into the tumble dryer and pulls out a pair of shorts. She puts them on and stands.

"You're really going for this romance thing, aren't you?" she asks quietly.

"Jen." I cross the room. "I'd do anything it takes to get you to trust in me."

"Okay," she whispers and kisses me lightly.

It's the lightest kiss I've ever had, but it doesn't help the rock in my pants or the fact she's still naked under the top and shorts.

Damn Alec and his f**king romance.

~

JEN

His eyes have been on me for the last two hours as I've sat at my laptop and typed up my final version of the essay.

He's tried to pretend he hasn't watched me, but I've seen those sneaky brown eyes lapping me up like I'm an ice lolly in the middle of the Sahara desert.

I glance over at him as I round up my essay. He's stretched out on the sofa in his 'I put my arms behind my head because it makes my top ride up' position. His hair is spiked to the side, messy, and oh so sexy.

Hey, I'm not freakin' blind.

"You're crap at the sneaky eyeing me up thing, by the way." Bing grins, his eyes wrinkling in the corners.

I tap save. "Who said I was trying to be sneaky?"

"Oh, so you're finally admitting you like to eye me up?"

"I never said I liked doing it." I sniff.

"We both know you do."

I c**k an eyebrow at him and shut the laptop down, closing the lid. "I don't know who you're trying to fool, Samuel. Maybe yourself?"

I get up and move to the kitchen, reaching into a top cupboard for a glass. Floorboards creak behind me, and his hands settle on my waist, warm and comforting. I turn my head towards him, and oh! Mistake. Mistake.

His lips press against my neck gently, my skin thrumming against his lips at my pulse point. It quickens, my blood roaring through my body at light speed. He smiles against my skin because he knows. He knows what he can do to me, and goddamn his sexy little ass for that!

His lips ghost up my neck, my jaw, his nose smoothing along my skin. I stand perfectly still, still clutching the glass.

"Isn't this seduction, not romance?" I squeak out eventually.

His lips graze my ear. "I like to think it's seductively romantic."

Oh, smooth. Very smooth from Mr. Smart Ass over here.

"Nice save," I admit. "But it's still not flowers and chocolate, is it?"

"Do you want chocolate?" He looks at me.

"Um, no."

"Then don't keep bringing it up. Chocolate is a tricky thing with women, so I've been told."

"How is it?" I frown.

"You're cute when you do that." His thumb smooths out the lines between my eyes. "And if I buy you chocolate, you'll do the whole 'you're gonna make me fat' thing, and if I don't buy it you'll go all 'are you saying I'm fat?!' and then no-one wins."

I tilt my head to the side. "Huh. I think you're smarter than I've ever given you credit for, Samuel."

"Of course I am, Jennifer. Look who I'm trying to win over. Only the stupidest guy wouldn't go for you." He winks, and I laugh.

"Ooo-kay, Mr. Romance Fail. You've been taking cheese lessons off Alec."

"No, it just sounded a hell of a lot better in my head." He shrugs. "You win some, you lose some, I guess."

I roll my eyes. "Totally off subject, but have you ordered my pizza yet? I'm hungry."

"You had lunch three hours ago."

"Art makes me hungry," I protest.

"Then considering the art degree, you must eat a lot." Bing's hands follow the curve of my body. "How do you stay so fit?"

"I'll tell you my secret." I pull his head down. "Sex."

"Sex?" He swallows.

"You sound surprised." I giggle, and move to fill my glass with water. Finally. Crap on a stick, this guy is distracting.

"I don't know why." He smirks and steps towards me again. His eyes find mine and they're slightly heated. "Seven times in three days, wasn't it?"

"Five, and not for my lack of trying to escape," I tease over my glass.

"Trying to escape?" His eyebrows quirk upwards.

"Mhmm." I set my glass down, and walk sideways. He turns to follow me, his eyes stalking me. The gleam in them gets my heart beating faster and adrenaline humming through my body. I'm surprised.

I want him to catch me.

"You can't escape me," he challenges.

"You can't catch me." I walk backwards slowly, backing into the sofa. I skirt round it to the other side, and he eyes me over it.

"Wanna bet?"

"Honey, I can run around this sofa all day."

"Honey, I can run around after you all day."

Point for the stalker-boy.

He moves quickly, and I squeal, running away from him around the sofa. My heart is pounding frantically and I'm trying to hold in the giggles.

Samuel Bing Edwards is chasing a girl. Ha!

The thought seriously amuses me.

His lips curl in a playful half smile, and I half grin back at him. Damn. He moves again, and I run around the sofa in the direction of my room. I scoot inside and shut the door, leaning against it.

"Cheater!" he growls through the door. I run away from it on silent tip toes as he bangs on it, and I lean against the far wall. He tries the handle and nearly falls into the room, his now dark brown eyes falling on mine. He's as excited as I am by our playful chase. "Jennifer..."

"Samuel...." I bat my lashes, and he stalks across the room silently, his long legs swallowing the room up in seconds. I can't think of anything but him as he comes towards me, tall and dark.

He's the darkness in my life and I'm the light in his.

Go f**king figure.

He's inches away from me, and I slide along the wall, out of his reach. His eyes narrow and I grin at him, jumping over my bed. He turns to face me, and jumps onto the bed. I stop moving as he steps down.

In a split second decision, I launch myself at him and we fall back to the bed, laughing together. His arms encircle my waist holding me to him. My hair falls down around his face, and he smiles up at me.

"I caught you." I smirk.

"You caught me." He rolls us over so he's on top of me. "But now I've got you. What are you gonna do?"

I can feel him pushing against my thigh and my legs automatically tighten round his waist. He drops his forehead to mine, breathing heavily.

"Nothing," I whisper. "I'm not gonna do anything."

BING

I lower my lips to hers, one of my hands cupping the side of her face. Her skin is like silk beneath mine, soft and inviting. Her tongue snakes out and traces along my top lip. She moves her hands to my back and fists my shirt as her legs tighten around my waist again.

Shit on a stick.

She nips my bottom lip, and I groan, kissing her harder. My lips leave hers and I trace kisses along her neck, across her shoulder and back again.

"Bing," she whispers in a breathless tone that goes straight to my dick.

"What, gorgeous?" I swirl my tongue just under her ear.

Her breath catches. "I want my pizza."

I stop and look at her. "You're serious?"

Her blue eyes are on fire with sex behind them, but still innocent at the same time. She nods. "I'm still hungry."

"Dammit, Jennifer. You're gonna be the death of me." I rub my thumb along her bottom lip, and she blinks at me.

"Can you wait until I've had my pizza?"

"Carry on," I growl. "And I'll be eating your damn pizza off of you."

"Not tonight, dear." She pats my cheek. "Maybe another time."

I can't help but smile at her. I love her playful side, the one she only seems to let out with me. I saw it with Carl but with me she feels... Freer. Like she can really let go.

"Then no pizza," I threaten.

She scowls at me. "We're so not friends."

"We weren't anyway," I smirk. "I think we missed that stage, don't you?"

Her tongue runs across her top lip as she thinks about it. Jen. Tongue.

Stop it, Bing.

"Yep." She nods. "We definitely forgot that part. But unless I get food, we won't be anything."

"Demon." I kiss her once more, and she bites my lip, her teeth dragging across it gently.

"You have no idea."

Chapter Eight

JEN

"You could have let me get changed first," I grumble, tucking my scarf over my chin and nose. The wind is biting cold, and I just know I'll end up looking like some deformed Rudolph by the end of the night. I shiver, and wrap my arms around myself. A series of beeps tells me he's locked the car.

Arms wrap around my shoulders from behind, and I feel warm breath on my cheek. "Cold, gorgeous?" Bing asks.

"No, I thought I might get my bikini out. You know, all these tropical temperatures." I look dubiously up at the sky and the tiny flakes falling from it.

"As much as I wouldn't object to you walking around in a bikini, I don't think it's compatible with ice skating." He chuckles slightly and moves to my side, pulling me into his body and directing me towards the Winter Wonderland entrance.

Hyde Park is magical at Christmas, and we're catching the tail end of Winter Wonderland. In fact, it's the last night. The trees are still standing high, lights are twinkling everywhere, and the horrible snow adds a certain magic to it.

If it wasn't so cold, I'd probably like to live somewhere like this. Maybe Germany. But, it's cold, and we all know how much I love the cold.

I rub my gloved hands together, and Bing shakes his head.

"Jen, we're not in the North Pole."

I pout slightly. "It's cold!"

We stop at a vendor and he orders two hot chocolates, winking at me. I beam at him as he hands me the take-out mug. The heat seeps through my gloves, warming my hands. I sigh happily.

"Better?" he asks, kissing the top of my head.

I nod. "Much. Thank you." I turn my face to kiss his cheek but my mouth finds his. He sweeps his tongue along my top lip, the warmth a stark contrast to the coldness of his lips.

I pull back and raise my cup to my mouth. He grins knowingly, and squeezes my shoulders. "Come on," he says. "Let's go and find Alec and Lexy."

Oh, thank God.

We push through the crowds, dodging to avoid excited children shouting and screaming at their parents. I still don't get the excitement over snow. It's cold. And wet. And cold.

"Isn't that them over there?" I nod to the ice skating rink where I can see a couple snuggled in.

Bing squints slightly. "I think so. That's where they're supposed to be."

"Let's go then," I move, pulling him with me. He slips a little on some compacted ice, and I giggle. He looks down at me, smirking. "What?" I ask.

"Have you ever ice skated before?"

"No. Should I have?"

A broad grin stretches out on his face. "Oh, man. This is gonna be fun." He takes his arm from around my waist, strolling over to Lexy and Alec.

"What? It can't be that hard!" I look at the rink with the Victorian bandstand in the centre, jogging after him. "If little kids can do it, I can!"

Lexy smiles. "It's harder than it looks."

Alec looks at the rink and back at me dubiously. "Can we not skate? Really? There's loads for us to do here so..."

I slap his arm. "Don't be a chicken shit, Alec! We can do this. It'll be just like rollerskating."

Bing snorts. "Yeah... But with ice and blades."

I raise an eyebrow at him. "I can think of a good place for those blades right now."

He half-grins at me. "Not in public, babe."

I purse my lips. "You're dirty."

He steps towards me, lowering his mouth next to my ear. "Have you ever complained?"

"No."

"Well then."

I elbow him gently.

"They're cute. In an annoying kind of way," Lexy muses.

"Uh, sure?" Alec frowns at her.

"Don't you see it? Even though they're in a - sorry, not in - a relationship, they still bicker like they always have." She turns, swinging their clasped hands. "And it's annoying, but it's cute because they're so into each other."

"What made you the resident love guru?" I yell after her.

"She's right," Bing mutters, pulling me after them.

"That we bicker? I know that, Samuel."

"No." I look up at him, and he's smiling. "I am "into you," as she put it. In fact, I've been all the way into you."

I sigh, shaking my head. "And there was me thinking you were going to say something romantic."

"What, the flowers aren't enough?"

"I never said that. But a few swoony, oh-my-gosh-turn-my-legs-to-jelly comments wouldn't go amiss. I'm just sayin'."

"Fine. I'll work on that."

I nod my head once, grinning up at him. He pays the fee for the skating, and we collect two pairs of skates. I put my empty take-out cup in the bin, holding onto Bing's arm to steady myself.

Wow, okay. These aren't great for the old balance. I hold onto my ear.

"What are you doing?" he asks, looking down at me amused.

"I'm keeping my balance. Ears help that shit, you know." I watch as Lexy guides Alec on the ice. He slips almost straight away, and she laughs, struggling to hold him up. "Alec should try it."

Bing turns his face towards the rink just as Alec falls backwards. Lexy falls with him, laughing loudly.

"So you're trying to stop that?" Bing looks back at me.

"No, it's obviously my goal to fall flat on my ass. Why wouldn't it be?"

"That might not be such a bad thing."

"Of course it would be bad. We're not just talking any ass here. We're talking my ass."

"And it's a very nice ass."

"Thank you."

"One that I'd have no issues with rubbing better should you fall on it." He grins wolfishly.

I sigh, holding onto the side of the rink as I pull myself onto the ice. "I should have guessed that was coming."

Bing gets onto the ice, skating round me. "It's one of my special qualities."

"The ability to make anything x-rated?"

"No." He shakes his head, and skates forward. He takes my hands from the side. I squeak. "Just the ability to make anything about you x-rated."

"I want to hold the side. Let me hold the side." I squeeze my eyes shut as he pulls me slowly across the ice. "And enough with the x-rated. You're supposed to be romancing me, not seducing me."

I squeal loudly as he pulls me into him. I wobble a little on the skates, holding his hands tighter. He chuckles quietly, and my face presses into his chest.

"Jen," he whispers, lowering our arms. "I can't help it if my thoughts are x-rated about you. It's not my fault if every single part of me is attracted to you. I can't help wanting to be inside you in every way - in your body and in your heart. And I can't help it if I'm falling into you with every smile and sarcastic comment. I can't help that I've been falling a little more every day since I met you again."

My heart misses a few beats, like a drunken leprechaun doing a tap dance, and I slowly raise my head up. My eyes meet his, and they're full of sincerity.

"See, you can be romantic." I tilt my head to the side, a smile playing with my mouth.

"I'm trying," he whispers, his lips twitching. "But it's you. You make me romantic, Jen, because I want to be everything you deserve and more."

My lips part a little, and I lean up, pressing them against his in a kiss that's so short, but so long at the same time. It may only last for a few seconds, but time is irrelevant when your heart is the one in control.

Because in that moment, with our hearts in control of our feelings, they could have been as old as time itself.

~

BING

I grin at Jen as she leans against the side of the rink, both her and Alec gripping onto it for dear life.

"I refuse to skate anymore," she cries. "My ass has taken more of a beating than a whore with a penchant for spanking!"

Lexy bends over, her hands on her knees, laughing. Alec grins.

"'A whore with a penchant for spanking?'" I repeat.

"Mhmm." She raises her eyebrows. "You wait. I bet it'll be black and blue. Let's face it, guys, Alec and I can't ice skate any more than a nun can have sex. Let's save ourselves the trouble-"

"And the sore asses," Alec mutters.

"And the sore asses..." I wink at him. "...And go and do something else. Please?"

"You've barely tried it," my sister implores through her laughter.

"Yes, Princess, because your laughter is oh so encouraging," Alec says dryly. "It's really making me want to go back out there and skate."

"I'm with you, Al, I'm with you." Jen holds her hand up to him, and he smacks it in a high five.

"What were you thinking of?" I sigh, taking off my hat and running my fingers through my hair.

"I want to go to the market," Lexy says, looking longingly in that direction.

"Ooooh!" Jen claps her hands, slips, and grabs the side again. "Damn skates."

"Of course," Alec mutters. "Why wouldn't they? I mean, the definition of their existence is to shop. What are the chances we'd leave here without having to go to the Christmas Market? Wishful thinking right there."

I nod in agreement, slapping his shoulder. "I'm with you, mate."

"Everyone seems to be with me tonight."

"That's 'cause you're the only one speaking sense." I crook my thumb over my shoulder. "Those two? Shopping?"

Alec pulls himself along the ice on the side. "Anywhere we can go for a beer?"

"Not a chance." Lexy glides past us smoothly. "We're shopping, then beer."

"Really?" I look at her.

"Well. It depends who's driving." She shrugs.

Alec and I look at each other, resigned. "Shopping and no beer. Excellent."

"Poor baby," Jen coos, reaching over and grabbing my cheek.

I grab her arm and pull her away from the side. She shrieks, holding onto me for dear life. I laugh, amused by the shock on her face.

"Where's the tough sarcasm now, babe?" I chuckle into her ear.

"It's building up ready to kick your ass later," she replies, smiling sweetly at me.

"I can't wait." I kiss her, taking her soft lips with mine.

There's something about kissing her. I don't know what it is, but it's like I could live quite happily if all I ever got to do was kiss her. I could do it all day, every day, and never get bored of the feeling of her lips moving against mine the way they do.

Chapter Nine

JEN

Lights flash, music blares, and bodies grind. We're back in Red - and it's also the stalking ground for the girls with boobs bigger than their brains.

"Relax." Lexy says in my ear. "Have you even seen where he's looking?"

My eyes trawl across the club and meet his like they're a beacon calling out for me. He hides from the harsh glare of the lights, and his eyes are almost black, the iris meeting his pupil. They blend together, and I don't have a clue if I'm looking at Bing or f**king Dracula.

"On you," Lexy continues. "All night. He's turned away three blondes, four brunettes, a redhead, and some chick with more piercings than skin."

"Ack." I shiver. "You've counted?"

"Yeah." She raises her eyebrows. "I'm keeping my beady little eyes on my bro tonight."

"You don't have to-"

"No, I don't. But I will. Because I want you to know he does care. I know him, and I've never seen him this way before."

Bing raises his eyebrows as Lexy trails off. I smile at him, shyly almost. He smiles back.

"You. Me. Tonight?" he mouths the words, and desire rolls through me at the meaning of them. Holy shit, I'm a walking bag of horny and it's all his fault!

"Maybe," I mouth back.

He hides his grin behind his pint as a blonde approaches him. Barbie number five. She flicks her hair, puts a hand on her jutted out hip, and sticks her chest out at him.

I know my face is hard, like granite, and anger and possession ripple through me more fiercely than anything I've ever encountered.

"Uh oh," Lexy says.

"What?" I glance at her then the blonde. "Who is that?"

"It's Heidi. His ex."

BING

"Heidi, I'm not interested." I say blankly, watching Jen's face transform into a vision of pure anger. Fuck me, it's sexy.

"One night, Bing, just one more night," she purrs, pushing her body against me. I clench my teeth and step aside.

"No. Fuck off, Heidi, I mean it."

"Heidi..." Alec says, looking over at the girls warily. "You're better off finding another victim tonight."

"Victim?" she squeaks out. "How about you, handsome? Ready to ditch Lexy?"

Alec's lip curls in disgust. "The day I ditch her for you is the day the world ends. No, wait. In fact, I probably wouldn't even do it then."

I slap him on the shoulder and look over at Jen and Lexy, and... They're not there. Uh. Shit.

"I really hope I didn't just hear you hitting on Alec, Heidi, 'cause that would be unfortunate if I did." Lexy's voice is cold and unfeeling. Meet cave woman Lexy. Playful as hell, but possessive to a t when it comes to her guy.

"No, just trying to convince your brother to come home with me tonight," Heidi smiles.

"Not f**king likely." Jen says in a deceptively calm voice behind her. She walks around her, standing next to me. They were never introduced when we were in a "relationship."

"Who the f**k are you?" Heidi eyes her with disdain.

"I'm his girlfriend and the bitch you wish you never messed with," Jen says in the iciest tone I've ever heard. Even her eyes are ice blue. Hell, she is mad. And sexy.

Way f**king sexy.

And girlfriend? Wait - what?

"Girlfriend?" Heidi cackles. "Oh, honey, they don't last long."

Jen's eyes sweep up and down Heidi's body, taking in the skimpy clothes, the overly large boobs, and bleach blonde hair.

JEN

She looks like she's just been dragged under a f**king lorry and puked on by a crayola eating baby or seven.

"Maybe not if they look like they've just rolled in from a brothel." Jen smirks. "Go and find yourself a new toy to play with, honey, 'cause you're not having mine."

Her lips curl in a menacing smile. "He'll cheat, you know. Just like he always does. He did it to me and he'll do it to you. You're just another girl to him, another f**k."

I step closer, and she flinches. "If he does cheat, then that's my issue, but at least I'll have more self-respect than to come running back like a desperate little hog on crack. And by the way, you're missing half your clothes."

"Suit yourself." She tilts her chin up defiantly, but I see the fight in her eyes. She won't leave this. She wants Bing.

So do I.

"And my outfit is designed to be this way. It's called sexy." She flutters her eyelashes over my shoulder at Bing. I grab her chin between my finger and thumb and snap her face back so her eyes meet mine.

"Then sexy got lost on its way to the street corner, as did you," I remark. "You have five seconds to remove your ass from my line of view before I do it for you."

She obviously sees something in my face that makes her believe me because she scoots off sharpish. She still glances back at Bing though.

"We're going to get some drinks," Lexy says wisely, and drags a reluctant Alec with her.

Bing grabs my hand and tugs me after him, out the back door. My back presses against the cold brick wall, and he kisses me with a passion I didn't know he had in him. His tongue flickers across my lips before he dives inside my mouth, his hips pressing into mine. The cold wall clashes with the heat spreading through my body,

"That," he says in a husky voice. "Was the sexiest thing I've ever seen."

"What was?" I batter my eyelashes.

"You getting all possessive over me," he growls into my hair. "You have no idea how f**king hot you are, Jennifer."

I grab the collar of his shirt and yank his face towards mine. "Did you cheat on her?"

BING

The question shocks me and I stop.

"Why do you care?" I ask.

"Answer the question. Now." That fire is back in her eyes, lighting them up in the darkness.

"Once. Then I broke up with her," I admit. I won't keep secrets. Not from Jen.

Her eyes bore into mine. "Do it to me, Samuel Edwards, and you'll find your precious package being served for lunch on a plate in a five star f**king restaurant. Are we understood?"

I fight the smile that twitches on my lips. "Understood, ma'am."

She narrows her eyes at me, and now the anger is receding I can see she's turned on by the heat between us.

"I mean it, Bing. I won't put up with your bullshit," she warns me.

"You won't have to. You're not them." I touch her face softly. "You're the girl they all wish they could be-"

"But never will be because their trashy asses are still stuck at the local recycling centre?" she finishes.

"Something like that." I drop my eyes to her lips, and gently put my thumb on them, tracing their outline. "You said you were my girlfriend. Did you mean that?"

She smiles slyly. "So I did." She flattens my collar, and runs her hands down my front, letting them rest just above my buckle.

I swallow. "What happened to the making me prove it thing?"

"I believe you. I'm pretty sure I'm capable of fending off any girl that tries to come near you."

"In that case," I whisper. "Romance can be f**ked. We're going back to yours."

"We are, are we?" She raises her eyebrows, and I press into her again, showing her that yes, we are f**king going back to her flat.

She gasps but still manages to lick her lips, sending all sorts of dirty thoughts through my mind. "You really liked it when I got all protective on her ass, didn't you?" she asks in a low, sensual voice I hear right in my dick.

"You bet." I look into her eyes, heated and needing.

"Then you should get me home," she whispers.

"Why, beautiful?"

She stands on her tiptoes and pulls my ear to her mouth, her lips brushing over my skin. "So I can show you exactly how protective and possessive I am."

~

I shove her bedroom door shut with my foot, not taking my hands from her for a second. Jen grabs my collar, pushing her body against mine. She grazes her teeth along my bottom lip, pulling at it slightly, and I slide my hands under her dress to cup her ass cheeks. Her fingers slip between us, undoing the buttons of my shirt. She pushes me backwards towards the bed, falling with me, her lips still on mine.

She lifts her knees to straddle me, her hands moving across my bare chest. My dick presses against her and I flex my hips, letting her know just how badly I need her right now. My tongue sweeps her mouth and she pulls away, kissing down my chest. She crawls backwards, her heels touching the floor, and her fingers hook inside the waistband of my jeans.

I prop my head up, looking at her as I breathe slightly heavily. Fuck. Is she-

She pops the button open, and presses her lips to the skin just above it. I watch her raptly as she unzips and pulls down my jeans. Her fingers brush along the length of me and I clench my teeth, shivering slightly.

"Jen, baby..."

"Ssh," she orders, taking my boxers off. Her hand closes around my dick, her fingers squeezing slightly, and I drop my head back, shutting my eyes. She moves her hand, twisting it and twirling it as she rubs the whole length of me.

Her lips close over the head, and I groan as she sucks me into her mouth. Her tongue swirls around as she moves her head backwards and forwards. My hand fists her hair, holding her head to me, and my hips buck with her movements. I look down at her.

Her eyes are focused on mine, and she smiles, flicking her tongue out and circling the tip of my c**k slowly.

"Fuck," I hiss out, watching as she closes her lips around me. She takes all of me, her eyes never leaving mine.

If this doesn't stop right now, I'm gonna finish it in the back of her throat.

I pull her from me, up my body, and flip us over. Her hair fans out around her head, and her eyes are shining. I take her dress from her shoulders, slowly sliding it down her arms and body until it's completely off of her. The red lacy underwear she's wearing does nothing to help the throbbing in my dick.

I remove her bra swiftly, and she's breathing so hard it's echoing off the walls. I circle her nipple with my tongue, sliding her thong down her legs at the same time. I drop down, trailing my hands across her body, and hook her thighs over my shoulders.

She gasps, and I dive my tongue inside her. She's ready for me, and I lick her slowly, teasing her, avoiding her clit. She wriggles on the bed, her hands fist the sheets, and she whispers pleas to me. I close my mouth over her hardened clit, sucking hard, and she cries out. I lick along her once more, and turn her to her side.

"Bing," she whimpers as I settle behind her.

"Ssh," I whisper, kissing her neck. I hold her leg up, and guide myself into her from behind. I slide into her wet tightness easily. She moans, moving her hips back into me, and her hand reaches behind my head to grab my hair. She grips it hard, arching her back as I thrust my hips into her faster.

I need to let go.

I keep kissing her neck and let go of her leg. My hand slides in front of her, my fingers finding her sensitive clit. I rub it in small circles, and she throws her head back. I pound into her, rubbing her harder, and drag my teeth along her neck, biting down softly.

Jen cries out, every muscle in her body tensing as her orgasm wracks her body. I grit my teeth, holding her to me, and I pump into her faster. Seconds later, I explode inside her and drop my head. She whimpers a little, and I kiss her shoulder where I bit her a little.

"It's... Okay," she mutters.

I smile. "Like it rough, babe?"

She sighs, turning her head towards mine. A small smile is teasing her lips, and even though her eyes are closed, I know its pure pleasure. "If that's how you do rough, then mhmm, I like it."

I chuckle, covering her lips with mine. She kisses me back.

"No more," she mutters. "I need sleep after that."

I laugh, pulling out of her to get comfy. She gets up on shaky legs, crosses her room, and grabs a towel. I grin as she wipes herself down. She walks back over to her bed, climbs in, and I tuck us under the covers, pulling her into me. Her back fits against my chest, and her legs entwine with mine, and as I breathe her in, I know.

I know right now I'm the luckiest ass**le in London, because Jennifer Mason is mine.

~

JEN

I lie on the sofa, my legs hooked over the back and my head dangling off the cushion. The weak winter sun is sneaking through the gap in my curtains, and I can imagine it glistening off the snow.

I close my eyes, scanning the park outside my flat without really seeing it. The trees stretching up into the sky with snow weighing down the branches, the white, foot step printed blanket on the ground, the empty swings moving and creaking in the gentle wind. The green of the leaves on the bushes peeking out, the blades of grass just starting to break through the snow, the winter flowers unaffected by the cold temperatures.

I open my eyes, spin on the sofa, and jump up, heading to my room. I open my wardrobe, my eyes finding my art box at the bottom. I grab my oil paints, tuck an easel and canvas under my arm, and head back into the front room.

I set everything up, pull the curtain back, and gaze out of the window. It's not a painting that has to be done for University - it's a painting that needs to be done for me. I dip the brush in paint, and make the first strokes on the canvas.

The tree trunks set the tone, the brown hues dark and rough against the perfectly white canvas. Branches stretch out in every direction, gnarled and creeping.

I clean the brush. A dip in the green. The leaves, limp and lacklustre after the freezing cold weather. The bushes, barely noticeable in the area where the most snow is.

Another clean. Another dip. The red metal of the swing. Clean. Dip. The seat. Clean. Dip. The little terrier dog sniffing the ground. Clean. Dip. The owner, snuggled in a coat. Clean. Dip. The sky, peppered with white and grey clouds. Clean. Dip. The weak sun hiding partially behind one of the fir trees. Clean. Dip. The snow, settled on every surface. Clean.

A smaller brush. Dip. The minute details - the markings on the trees. The foot prints - and paw prints - in the snow. The winter berries on the bush. The tiny tips of the blades of grass poking through. The added golden hues to the sun, a warming breath ruffling my hair.

Wait.

I look up, paintbrush in hand. Bing is smiling down at me, a McDonald's bag in his hand.

"Hello." I smile. "When did you get here?"

"A few minutes ago." He puts the bag down on the table behind the easel and moves closer, standing behind me. He leans over, wrapping his arms around my shoulders, and kisses my jaw gently. "You looked lost in this. I didn't wanna scare you."

I smile slightly, focusing back on the painting. "I guess I was."

"It's amazing," he says softly, and I rest the side of my head against his, shrugging one shoulder.

"It's... It is what it is. It's what I see when I look out of the window."

"I have no idea why you go to University," he mutters, tightening his arms around me. I put the paintbrush down, grinning.

"It's because you go to work, so obviously I need something to fill my days so I don't go crazy waiting for you to come and see me." I put all the sarcasm in my body into that sentence, and he chuckles.

"That must be it."

"Did you bring me food?"

"No, I'm stupid enough to come to your place with it and not bring you any."

"Well, I was just checking, I mean, you never know, do you?" I stick my tongue out, smiling cheekily at him.

He loosens his grip, lifting me out of the chair. I squeak.

"I thought we already established I'm smart." He kisses the back of my neck, causing little tremors to run down my spine. "I'm with you, aren't I?"

"I thought I was with you?"

Bing runs his hands down my sides, following the natural curve of my body. They cup my hips for a second before travelling back to my stomach and resting there.

"You could be," he says against my ear. "How about we just go with we're with each other?"

"That sounds good too." I squirm in his hold, eyeing the bag of food. "Okay. I'm hungry. What's the time?"

"Half four." He kisses my head and lets me go.

"It's half four?" I step away, turning to look at him with my eyebrows raised.

He smirks. "Check your clock if you don't believe me, Jennifer."

"I'll do just that, Samuel." I poke my tongue out at him and stalk into the kitchen, swiping the paper bag of food from the side.

He's right - the small clock on the microwave reads half past four. I must have been sat painting for hours. Literally, hours. I glance over my shoulder at the canvas. It was worth it - and I know Mum and Dad will feel the same.

The McDonald's bag is full with food - Bing's obviously large meal, my medium cheeseburger one, and those cheesy melt things I like. My stomach rumbles.

"How did you know to get the cheesy melts?" I can't help the smile on my face.

One side of his mouth curls up. "Lexy. I asked her what you like."

I eye the drinks on the kitchen counter that I didn't notice before. "And in there?"

"A strawberry milkshake." He beams, clearly proud of himself.

"You're pretty smart." I skip over to him and kiss him lightly. He grabs me, his hands resting on my lower back, and mine press to his chest. He sucks my bottom lip, massaging it gently, and I feel it in the tugs in my lower stomach. Last night flashes back to me, the needy way he held me, the way he moved...

"Okay," I breathe, feeling the temperature of the room rise about one hundred degrees. "I need food." Hot eyes look down at me, and I nod once, moving away. "Yep. I need food. A lot of food."

BING

I laugh at the way she mutters to herself as she walks off. I know exactly what she was thinking. I was thinking the same thing. Last night.

My body tenses as every drop of blood in my body rushes downwards, and my dick rushes upwards. I clench my fists, my eyes trawling her body. She's wearing those damn yoga pants again. The ones that hug her hips and cup her ass the same way my hands do. How did I not notice this before?

Fuck me.

She looks back at me, her blue eyes shining. Her pink lips curve upwards slightly, and she raises an eyebrow.

"What?" she asks.

"I need my food," I grumble. I grab it from the side, ignoring the way her eyes flick down to the bulge in my pants. She sucks the corner of her top lip into her mouth, and I turn away from her.

Focus on the food, Bing. Focus. On. The. Food.

No.

The painting? Okay.

Stuffing some chips into my mouth, I lean back on the sofa, my eyes trained on the painting. I wasn't lying when I said it was amazing. I have no idea how she can pick up a brush and create something like that. I have no idea how the full of life, bubbly Jen I know can sit still for so long, so at peace.

That was why I didn't interrupt her. I could see the peace in her face. It was the way her lips curled up in a soft, calm smile. The way her eyes flit to the window and back, the way she blinked, her lashes fanning her cheeks, and it was the smooth movements of the brush across the canvas as she painted.

You can see how much she needs it. It calms the fire inside her, letting her just be. I know what that is to her, because the way she feels with the brush in her hand is the way I feel with her in my arms.

She calms the playboy inside me. She challenges the challenger in me. She softens the hardness inside me.

She could be everything I've always needed.

Chapter Ten

BING

Lexy throws the dart at the board in my room. "So you haven't spoken to Heidi?"

"Why would I have spoken to her?" I scoff. "She might have text me, but it doesn't mean I've replied."

"Mmm," she responds, shooting the dart again.

"'Mmm'? What does 'mmm' mean?" I sit up straight just as her dart falls to the floor.

She sighs. "I just... I don't know. It's Heidi. She was the first girl you ever, well, had sex with more than twice."

"And? It was just sex with her."

"So you say, Bing, but none of us really know that for sure." She sighs again, dropping her poised arm. "And you did cheat on her."

"Isn't that enough to show it was never more than sex?"

"I don't know." She turns, shrugging. "I know you like Jen, all right? I can see it in how you act around her. Hell, you've been like a kettle just before boiling point since she moved here last year. Any time her name was mentioned you went off worse than me with PMS."

"I wasn't that bloody bad!" I protest. Was I?

"Uh, yeah, you were." She raises her eyebrows, smiling a little. "It's obvious, Bing, but what is it with her? Really? Is it because you finally attained the unattainable? You finally got the girl? How long will it last, Bing? Huh? Can you tell me that? Because I don't know."

My jaw clenches. "You don't need to give me the 411, sis."

"No, no, I do. You gave it to Alec-"

"I'm your brother. I'm supposed to kick guy's asses for touching you, for f**k sake."

"- And Jen is my best friend, and she doesn't have anyone to do it for her." Her brown eyes, a shade darker than mine, are focused on me intently, and I can see her resolve. She isn't gonna let this go.

"Fine. You want to know?"

"Obviously. That's why I asked, dipshit."

I flip her off. "It's not just because I finally have her, Lex. It's more than that. I don't know what it is. Maybe I'm falling for her, but I do know she's nothing like the others. I don't look at her and see..." I trail off, unable to find the words.

"Big tits, a skinny waist, and an easy lay?" Lexy asks, amusement behind her dry tone.

"Well, yeah." I laugh slightly and scratch the back of my neck. "I see Jen, okay? As annoying as she is - and she still annoys the living shit out of me - it's more than just getting her on her back."

"Which you've no doubt done several times."

"I don't ask about your sex life. Don't assume about mine."

"I'm not asking. I'm stating."

"It's wrong, Lex."

"You've never hidden it. Jen doesn't tell me anything, but it's been a couple weeks now. I don't even want to know how many..."

"All right," I interrupt. "All you need to know is Jen is Jen, and it's not just sex. It might not even last forever, but while it does, I'm not gonna let anything get in the way of that."

Lexy clicks her tongue, and crosses the room to collect the darts. She spins the one that fell on the floor between her fingers, and her eyes meet mine again.

"And what about Heidi?"

"What about her?"

"Her texts? Does Jen know?"

"No."

"Are you gonna tell her?"

"Do I need to?"

"Well, I guess not, but I know she'll be pissed when she finds out."

"Who says she has to find out?"

Lexy grins. "This is Jen. If anyone could unravel the greatest mysteries of the world, it would be her. She'll find out somehow, Bing, and you know it."

I smirk. "And then she'd go and kick Heidi's ass, right?"

"I'm not saying violence will be involved." Lexy giggles. "But there's a strong possibility Heidi's ass might end up meeting the floor."

"You could be right."

"So, are you gonna tell her?" The challenge is in Lexy's eyes, and she throws the dart.

"I wasn't planning on it. I kinda hoped Heidi would just... Go away."

"Uh..." Lexy turns again, and sighs. "She won't go away, Bing. Whatever possessed her to approach you on Saturday night after months has her on a mission. Trust me. She won't let this go until she has what she wants."

I lean back on my bed, crossing my ankles. "Go on then, Ms Guru. You're a girl."

"No shit, Sherlock."

"How do you know she won't leave it?"

"Because number one..." She throws a dart. "She's a bitch. Number two..." The third dart. "Because of our parents jobs', we're in a higher social circle than she is and she wants in, the dirty little scrubber. And number three..." She crosses the room, snatches the darts from the board, and turns back to me, her eyes serious. "For some reason, she hates the idea of you being with someone else. Maybe it's because she thought she was more than just sex. Maybe it's because she was disillusioned the whole time you were "together," or maybe it's because you cheated. Whatever it is, she's not over it, and seeing you with Jen has just upped it."

"It sounds like those books you're so into."

"You can't have fiction without real life to base it on, bro," Lexy replies. "Heidi didn't expect someone like Jen to confront her this weekend." We both grin at the memory. Yep, that was a confrontation all right. "She expected her to step to the side, and she didn't. Jen stepped forward and f**ked her over. Now, Heidi is pissed, and she'll do whatever she can to get between you." The smile drops from her face, and she sits next to me.

"Carry on," I say quietly.

"I don't want that to happen, Bing. You and Jen... You're right for each other. I don't know what it is, in the same way I don't know what it is about me and Alec. I just know it's there. Something in each of you balances the other, and it's not often you find that."

"Like Mum and Dad?" I question, narrowing my eyes. So I may have had the same thoughts, but hearing my sister say it makes it more... real. More real that Jen really is all I need.

"Yeah." Lexy tilts her head to the side and looks at me, her voice quiet. "Just like Mum and Dad."

~

"What's actually gonna be up here?" I look around the dusty upstairs area of Red.

"Some VIP area," Mitch replies, sanding off some wood. "Mick reckons it'll get some bigger names in here."

"He realises his biggest clientele is our age, right?"

Mitch glances up at me and shrugs. "Don't ask me, mate. He's paying me good money for this, so whatever Mick wants, Mick gets."

"Sounds like someone wants in Mick's daughters pants." I smirk.

"You've seen Saph, right?" He raises his eyebrows. "She's f**king hot, Bing. Damn right I want in her pants."

"Well, this is awkward." Saph laughs from the doorway. Mitch swears under his breath. I grin.

"No girls in the work area, Saph," Mitch grumbles.

"I'm wearing joggers and trainers. I'm not likely to trip and break my neck, Mitchell." She sighs and shuts the door behind her, crossing the room to me. She smiles at me slyly and flicks her red hair over her shoulder. I raise an eyebrow, leaning against the wall.

"So. I hear you and Jen are a thing." She crosses her fingers.

"You would hear right," I say smugly. I can't help it. I am a smug bastard.

Saph smiles cheekily. "About time. You've been watching her ass shake on that dance floor for what, a year?"

"Summin' like that," I mutter.

She laughs. "Does your ex know that?"

My muscles tighten at the mention of Heidi. "She does. Jen told her pretty clearly on Saturday night. I believe the words "whore" and "street corner" were mentioned. And something about sexy getting lost."

Laughter bursts from Saph and she covers her hand with her mouth. "Oh my God. Why does all the good shit happen when I'm not around? Seriously?" She shakes her head. "I would have loved to have seen that bitch get her ass handed to her."

"By the sounds of it, Jen handed Heidi her ass, her tits, and her ten ton truck of supposed beauty products," Mitch comments dryly. I chuckle.

"That she did," I agree.

"Epic." Saph grins again. "Anyway, perhaps - although I can't actually imagine this - Jen didn't make it clear enough to her that you're off market. She's been saying she went home with you Saturday night."

Through the annoyance bubbling up inside me, I smirk. "Well, that's kinda awkward."

"Lot of that going around today," Mitch mumbles.

"I'm not sayin' it happened," Saph backtracks, holding her hands up. "I'm just sayin' what I heard."

"I never thought you did, Saph." I click my tongue. "It's just awkward for Heidi because I went home with Jen on Saturday night, and I most definitely didn't leave until the next day." I grin wolfishly.

Mitch sniggers and slaps the wood. Saph's mouth drops open a little before she composes herself and looks upwards.

"You've never been shy about your sex life, Bing, so I have no idea why I imagined you'd keep yours and Jen's to yourself," she mutters to the ceiling.

"Use that to quench those f**kin' rumours," I say firmly. "Heidi could wangle her way into a monk's pants, so why she's so desperate to be back in mine I don't know."

Saph looks back at me, her eyes twinkling. "From what I've heard..." Mitch coughs in the background, and Saph grins. "I'm-"

"Just sayin', we know," I finish for her. "But seriously, anyone you hear say that I spent the night with Heidi, tell them I was at Jen's all night."

"Well, okay." She shrugs. "But how are you gonna prove it?"

"What do you want? A sex tape?" I raise my eyebrow. "'Cause while I love sex with Jen and would love to watch her come over and over again, I'm not into taping it."

Saph purses her lips, a slight flush rising to her cheeks. "You always have to make an innocent question dirty, don'tcha?" I smile. "You could just do something to show them you're together."

"Like what, Ms. Relationship Expert?"

"Put it on Facebook."

I snort, and Mitch laughs. "Put it on f**kin' Facebook?" he asks. "Are you for real, Sapphire?"

She leans to the side, her eyebrows raised, and stares him down. "When you actually have a girlfriend, you can ask me that question."

"You two seriously just need to f**k already," I mutter under my breath.

Saph's eyes shoot to mine. "What was that?"

"Nothin'. What was that about Facebook?"

"Put it on Facebook. Then everyone could see it."

"Mate. You're not seriously considering this shit, are you?" Mitch puts his tools down, wipes his hands off, and stands next to me.

I shrug a shoulder. "If it means Heidi might stop with her shit, then yeah, I am. And I guess Facebook is pretty exclusive, so it's another thing to show Jen I'm serious."

Saph examines her nails. "Nothing is official until it's on Facebook."

"What's that? An unwritten rule of social networking?" Mitch snipes.

I give him a shove. "Fuck off, Mitch. Saph is right. When you have a girlfriend, you can join in this conversation."

"Wanker." He turns back to his work, and I look at Saph.

"Seriously, when you see Heidi, tell her I said to give it up. She can stop texting me, stop calling me, and stop whatever stalker shit she's planning next. If I hear any more rumours about us, I'm gonna go apeshit."

"Apeshit as in verbal apeshit or physical apeshit?"

"Whatever. I don't care."

Saph runs her tongue across her bottom lip and shows me her long nails. "Okay, but I want in on the cat fight. No-one messes with my bitches."

I half-grin at her. "Deal."

JEN

"Mother f**king daughter of a lame donkey!" I scream, staring at the Facebook message on my screen.

I slept with your boyfriend on Saturday night.

I clench my teeth, my eyes narrowing at the screen.

That's funny. Because I'm pretty sure MY boyfriend was in MY bed, being f**ked my ME. ALL NIGHT.

I hit send, and nod sharply. I've been at Uni all day, worked my ass off, got given a stack of work to do, and then come home to this shitbag sending me bullshit messages.

It's a frickin' damn good job she isn't right in front of me, or she could have a new nose to go with those footballs on her chest.

I slam the laptop shut, and walk across the room, fuming. It's one thing to be told something when you're unsure if it's a lie - but to be told something that is clearly not true. Uh, yeah, hi Miss. Boobs-Bigger-Than-Your-Brain, but Bing obviously told you it wasn't gonna happen on Saturday night, then came home with me. I think I'd know the whereabouts of my boyfriend.

That, and Bing's balls are too precious to him for him to want me to put them on a restaurant menu.

Lexy opens my door, and stops mid-sentence when she sees me pacing.

"This doesn't look good," she says to herself, putting the Chinese food on the side.

"She! Whore! Bag! Muncher! Ahhhhh!" I throw my arms in the air, storm across the room, and grab one of the bags.

"Informative," Lexy comments nonchalantly. "I absolutely know who that is, obviously. You were so clear in your explanation."

"That... thing, your brother used to sleep with."

"Again, that leaves me with a large choice, but since we saw Heidi on Saturday night, I'm gonna go out on a limb here. What's she done?"

I put the egg fried rice down. "I... I... I just... Whore." I finish, slamming the drawer shut.

"Again with information overload," Lexy mutters.

"It's a damn good job you're my best friend, Edwards, or I'd have to kick your butt for using a pro level of sarcasm on me." I point a fork at her. "Pro level is my level, and you're getting too damn good at it. I'ma have to do something about that," I muse to myself.

Lexy grins. "You rub off on people, Jen. It's not my fault if I'm nursing some Jen-tude."

"Jen-tude? What, for the love of all things smutty, is Jen-tude?"

"Its attitude only you can pull off. Therefore, Jen-tude."

I nod. "I like it. We'll keep it." I wink as I sit down. "Anyway. Whorebag ex-girlfriend - whatever we're calling her these days - tried to tell me she was with your brother Saturday night."

"And have you spoken to Bing?"

I catch my tongue between my teeth. "I know she wasn't with your brother. Let's leave it at that, shall we?"

"Please." She puts some food in her mouth, and looks around thoughtfully as she chews. "Heidi is an ass**le."

"Politer than I'd use, but yeah, we can use that."

"What would you - you know what? Don't worry."

I laugh. "Anyway, what I'd call her isn't important. The point is I've just come out of a shambles of a relationship, haven't I? Because essentially, that's what it was in the end with Carl. A shambles, right?"

"Right."

"And I've kinda rushed into another relationship."

"Right. But you wanted this." She frowns. "Didn't you?"

"Well, yeah, obviously. I've only been making googly eyes at the lobster head for the last year and half." I roll my eyes. "But this relationship has barely begun, and already it's like I've stepped into a soap opera." I sigh, poking food around in the plastic tub. "I don't want the bullshit that goes along with this, Lex. I don't want the jealous ex with constant rumours, I don't want the constant doubt over whether or not the vindictive bitch actually means what she says.

"I just want Bing. Me and him, no fuss, no drama. Just crazy nights out, crazy nights in, and crazy days to fill it all in. Because that's us - we're both crazy, and that's why it works." I look down at the table, heaviness settling in my stomach at the thought of it not working. For the last year and a half, he's wormed his way into my life and my heart. He hasn't taken Carl's place - he's taken the whole damn lot of me. "I don't want there to be any drama unless we make it ourselves. I just want us."

Lexy is quiet as she mulls over my words. She knew it already - of course she did. She knows me better than Daniel Radcliffe knows the character of Harry Potter. She knows all my fears, all my hopes and dreams, but my feelings about her brother aren't something I've ever fully opened up about. Sure, I've dropped hints, I've been obvious, and we've had small conversations about it, but this is different.

This is me admitting I want the kind of love she has with Alec. This is me admitting I could have found it. With Bing.

"I think you have to stop worrying about what other people say. Face it, Jen," she says quietly, looking at me. "People are always gonna try and put you down. No matter how good or bad you do in life, there will always be someone there to pull you down. If you let them, then they've won. Don't let her pull you down. As gross as it is, I like you and Bing together. You make each other happy in a crazy kinda way I'll never understand - but you're happy, and that's all that matters to me. Don't let her jealousy and rumours stand in the way of what you have, or even what you could have."

I nod slowly, closing my eyes.

"You aren't her, Jen," she continues. "I'm damned if I can work out what has my brother so enthralled-" I open my eyes and glare at her. "-But something has. When we were in Devon, Mum said to me that everyone has a bada bing person. I was Alec's - I was the one person to change his life and make him re-evaluate everything he thought he knew." She smiles softly and it's full of love. It's the kind of smile you see on your grandparent's faces. It's the kind of smile that shows a timeless love.

"You are that person. You know that." I flick some rice her way.

She swats it away. "I do know that." Her brown eyes meet mine. "But do you know that you're my brother's bada bing person?"

"How do you know that I am?" I narrow my eyes.

Lexy smiles at me, a cheeky, playful smile, and shrugs a shoulder. "Basically, I know it because I'm the shit."

My pursed lips transform into a smile, and I let out a giggle. Trust her to the only person to take me from angry, to sad, to happy, all in the space of twenty minutes.

She exaggerates a wink to me across the table, snapping a bite of prawn cracker off.

Some things in life are priceless - and true friendship is one of them.

Chapter Eleven

JEN

"Okay, did you use my hairspray?" I yell, looking around the bathroom.

"Why would I use your hairspray?"

"For your sexy just-got-out-of-bed look."

"So you agree I have sexy hair?"

"I'm not sure hair is something I could describe as "sexy,"" I reply dryly. "Perhaps soft, or messy, or even silky. Sexy, not so much."

Bing leans against the doorframe, that sexy smile on his face. Yes, the sexy smile that matches his not-sexy hair. "Why? You agree the rest of me is sexy."

"I don't remember ever saying that. Aha!" I extract the hairspray from a cluster of cans behind my pot plant. "How did that get there?"

"Because you're scatty?"

"I'm not scatty, Samuel. I'm just always in a rush, so forget where I put things." I shake the can and begin spraying it on my hair. "And that was a rhetorical question. That means you weren't supposed to answer it." I put the spray on the sink.

Bing coughs, waving his hand in front of his face. "I know what a rhetorical question is, Jennifer. I went to school, you know."

I turn to him, mischief in my grin. "I don't think sex school counts."

He saunters into the bathroom, stopping in front of me. He looks down at me, his brown eyes burning into mine, and his hot breath flutters across my cheeks. I feel my body heat up, my blood pumping around my body quicker as my heart pounds a little.

Shit the bed, he isn't even bloody well touching me! He must be a sex god reincarnated. It's the only explanation for his crazy ass sexual voodoo he pulls.

I swallow, and his lips curl upwards. "Sex school not necessary, Jennifer," he whispers huskily.

I inhale, putting a hand on his chest. "Debatable."

He takes my hand, slowly lowering it. He slides his hand onto my hip, cupping it, and leans his upper body into me.

Ice. Ice. I need ice. Someone. Anyone?

"Want me to prove it?"

Can't breathe. Oosh. "You're okay," I manage, knocking his hand from my hip. "Really. You're all right."

He smiles slowly, his eyes shining. "Sure about that?"

"Yep. Sure. Perfectly." I mutter, grabbing the hairspray again. "One. Hundred. Percent." Sure I'd like it to be proven, that is.

He chuckles low, and I suppress the shiver that's threatening to run through my body. His hand closes around mine, and he pries the hairspray from my grip. His fingers slip between mine, his palm hot, and I catch my bottom lip between my teeth. My eyes flick to our hands and how dainty mine looks encompassed in his.

His other hand rises to my face, his thumb tracing down my cheek to the dent below my ear. It ghosts along my jaw, tracing the shape of it, and finally settles on my lower lip. He tugs it from between my teeth gently, and the pad of his thumb strokes across it.

My eyes rise to his, our faces inches from each other.

"You know it's you, don't you?" he says softly, uncertainly.

I nod silently, unable to form any words.

"I mean it, Jen." He cups the side of my face. "Whatever she tries to say, it's all lies. Even if she hasn't said it yet, I can tell you it's a lie." He dips his face towards me, resting his nose alongside mine. I let my eyes flutter shut, feeling the realness in the moment.

"I know," I whisper. "But that doesn't mean-"

"Don't. Say. It," he orders in a hushed voice. "I just got you, Jen. I waited for too long to have you, but I do now, and I'll be damned if I'm gonna let her get in between us. I told you, didn't I? I told you that if anyone doubts us, if you ever doubt us, to come to me."

"Yes."

"Then do it. Come to me, babe. Don't let her get under your skin. She's nothing to me. She never was anything. Not like you."

I run my free hand along his arm until it rests on his hand cupping my cheek. "What am I, Sam?"

"Everything, Jen. You are everything. Don't ever doubt that."

I tilt my face slightly, pressing my lips against his. He kisses me gently, creeping his hand around to the back of my head. I let my arm drop to his waist and grip his top, bunching it in my hand. His lips move across my own slowly, words unspoken with each little kiss.

"Come on," he says reluctantly. "We better go. If we're not at home soon, Lexy will kick our asses."

I sigh, stepping back from him. "I can't believe she's making us have a date night."

"We could always say I've been suddenly struck down with a deadly disease and need immediate nursing?" The grin on his face is infectious, and although I swat his arm, I'm smiling.

"Unfortunately for you, Samuel, the nurses outfit is in the wash," I tease, strolling past him and grabbing my coat. "So I'd have to do that particular job completely and utterly naked." I open the front door, and hear his footsteps against the wooden floor. I turn to look at him, and he fake coughs. He puts a hand against the wall.

"Jen. It's no good. I'm too ill to go," he croaks.

I laugh, grab his coat, and throw it at him. "Not today, sailor."

He follows me out the door. "You wouldn't happen to have one of those outfits, too, would you?"

~

"If I knew all we were doing was watching a movie and eating a shit load of crap, I would have come in my onesie," I grumble.

"You have a onesie?" Alec looks at me across the room.

"Of course I do. It has penguins on it. Why are you surprised?"

"I have no idea."

I chuck some popcorn across the room at him. "Living in the city has given you an attitude, surfer boy."

"Oh, and it hasn't given you one?"

"I always had an attitude. It was just highly supressed in Devon. Lilac Bay wouldn't be able to handle my badass."

"Jen, babe, I don't think anyone can handle your badass." Bing sits next to me and I swing my legs up.

I beam at him. "Finally, someone who appreciates it."

Lexy snickers. "I'm sure it's your actual ass rather than your badass that my brother appreciates." Bing nods in agreement, and I kick him.

"You could at least pretend," I mumble. He laughs, resting his hand on my thigh.

"Okay." He winks at Lexy. "I appreciate your badass far more than your ass."

I blink at him, pretending to be affronted. "What the hell is wrong with my ass?"

Alec laughs loudly. "Walked straight into that one, mate."

Bing digs his fingers into my leg lightly. "You wouldn't be surprised if I told you how often that happens," he says dryly.

I shrug a shoulder at Lexy and she smiles.

"I can imagine." Alec looks at us, amused.

"What are we watching?" Bing directs the question to Lexy.

"Bridget Jones' Diary." She holds up the case. The guys groan in unison, and I woop.

"Win!" I yell happily. "Colin Firth... That accent. Oh, Lordy." I fan myself.

"It's a British accent, Jen. You have a British accent." Alec frowns at me.

Both Lexy and I glare at him.

"I have a common accent. Colin Firth has the British accent. The one that makes your knees go weak and your heart go all racy. It's like..."

"Sex," Lexy says firmly. "That kind of accent is as good as sex." Alec grumbles under his breath but I'm too far away to make it out. Whatever it is, it makes her slap his shoulder.

Bing leans over and wraps his arm around my shoulders, pulling me into him. He nudges my hair away from my ear with his nose, settling his mouth right by my skin. "Clearly," he whispers. "Alec isn't as good as me, then, because I'm pretty sure all I have to do is look at you and you get that reaction. Right, babe?"

"Wrong," I lie.

He runs his nose down my cheek to my neck, and as the tip of his nose tickles across my skin, he presses an open-mouthed kiss on my pulse point. I bite the inside of my cheek, focusing on the TV screen instead of the totally inappropriate feelings he's sending through my body right now.

"Yep," he mutters smugly. "Definitely better than Colin Firth."

"Ass," I say under my breath.

He sits back, his arm still around my shoulders, and he's wearing that shit-eating grin again. Where is my frying pan when I need it?

~

BING

There's nothing more satisfying than the feeling I get when I see the way she reacts to me. I'm so f**king attracted to her it should be illegal - and that's not an exaggeration. It's all her smart mouth and the way she's not afraid to challenge me.

Of course, as usual, it's totally inconvenient that my sister and Alec are here. I always seem to need her more when I can't have her. She could be wearing a string bikini and dancing around a pole, and I couldn't want her any more than I do right now. All she has to do is breathe in, and I have a rock hard dick fighting its way out of my jeans.

I shift a little in my seat, and watch the slight upturn of her lips. It's all a game for her - backwards and forwards with sexual teasing. It's the same for both of us. We both hide our real feelings behind a curtain of sex and attraction because neither of us are ready to admit the reality of us to each other yet.

She curls into my side, her fingers ghosting along my stomach over my top. They dip and rise as she traces the indents of my muscles, finally settling her palm flat against my side. Her head tucks into my neck, and I hold her even closer, resting my cheek on the top of her head.

She calms me. She calms that insatiable fire inside me, yet she stokes it at the same time. The way she makes me feel is completely contradictory, but it makes sense.

Somehow, Alec and I manage to make it through the movie. I don't know how we do it, but it's not until the end I realise Jen's breathing has evened out. I glance up.

"She's asleep, isn't she?" I say quietly.

Lexy sits up and leans forward, looking at her. "Yep." She smiles slightly.

"Looks like she's not going home tonight." Alec chuckles.

"She's been working hard at uni. She's got a few big projects due in over the next few months. She's working her ass off," Lexy scolds him.

I glance at the top of Jen's head. "She has?"

"She didn't tell you?" Lexy looks at me. "She's got about five to do, essays and everything. Her course is as hard as mine. We didn't get into the best art Uni to just dance through it, bro. It's not a walk in the park."

I sigh and shake my head slightly. Damn her. "Okay. I'm gonna take her up to bed." I stand, hooking an arm under her knees, and scoop her up.

"I can walk," she mumbles.

"No," I reply. "You're tired."

"Who knew Bing would become a pu**y-whipped ass?" Alec laughs quietly.

"Fuck off, Johnson, or I'll whip your ass," Jen mutters against my neck. I chuckle.

"Told you, mate." I wink, and Lexy pats his arm.

"Poor baby. Are you scared your King of Romance crown will be taken by my man-whore big brother?" she coos.

I laugh, carrying Jen from the room and up the stairs.

"Might be a man whore but he's my man whore." She yawns.

"Yours, hm?" I smile, settling her on the bed.

She opens her eyes a little, smiling. "Yes."

I pull my top over my head and slide off my jeans. Jen kicks her legs, and I strip her down. I climb into bed next to her, put the covers over us, and tuck her into my arms.

"You're my man whore. Don't you forget it." She snuggles into me.

I hold her closer and brush her lips with mine. "I don't think you'd let me forget that even if I wanted to, babe."

"Damn straight."

~

A soft hand travels up my back, fingertips spreading across my skin. Hot breath fans across my neck, and I instinctively move the warmth closer to me.

I run my hands down the length of her body, gliding over her curves easily. Jen kisses along my collarbone, sucking softly, and I cup the back of her head. Her lips find mine, and I roll onto my back, pulling her on top of me. She slides her legs up so she straddles me, and I instantly harden against her.

I flick my tongue out against her lips, making her part them, and slip my tongue past hers. I sweep it across the roof of her mouth and release her head, dropping my hands to her thighs. She puts her hands in my hair, groaning as I dig my fingers into her soft skin.

"Good morning." The words are whispered against my mouth, and she drags my bottom lip through her teeth.

"It's about to be." I push us to a sitting position, sliding a hand across her ass and inside her underwear. She's wet and ready, and it's too early to think of anything other than sinking myself inside her.

Her fingers creep under the waistband of my boxers, tugging them away. She raises herself upwards, pressing her boobs against my bare chest, kissing me forcefully. She slides my boxers away from my hips, wrapping her hand around my hard shaft and pulling it free. I pull her underwear to the side, and with my other hand, push her downwards.

She guides herself onto me, her tight muscles holding my dick in an iron grip, and I groan. She releases my cock, moving her hand to my shoulder, and digs her fingers in. Both of my hands cup her ass as she moves, grinding her hips against me. I leave her mouth and kiss along her jaw, to her neck where I draw tiny circles with my tongue. She drops her head back, exposing her neck, and arches her back, dropping onto me faster.

I go into her deeper, guiding her hips faster, and bend my head to run my tongue across the swell of her boobs. Her breathing quickens, her grip tightens, and I focus on kissing her, pleasing her, teasing her.

I grab her ass tighter, trying with all my might not to slam her onto me. Her head drops forward onto my shoulder, and her breath is hot across my skin. She moves even faster and harder, her hips undulating with each movement. I nip at her neck, and sweat covers our bodies.

Her muscles convulse around me, and I give in. I lie back, taking her with me, and hold her hips suspended above me. I thrust into her, holding her still as I sink deeper and deeper inside her. My movements are frantic and she bites my shoulder as she cries out. I hold myself inside her as I come, letting her contracting muscles pull it from me, and turn my face into hers.

"Good morning," I breathe into her ear, kissing the lobe.

"Odmrng," she responds.

"You can let my shoulder out from between your teeth now, babe." I chuckle a little, and she releases my skin. Fucking hell. That's gonna leave a mark.

She rolls her head to the side and smiles at me in a dazed way. I chuckle again and roll her onto her back, running my tongue along her lips. She drops her hands from me, sighing happily.

I kiss down her neck to the space between her boobs, peppering tiny kisses along them. I ease myself out of her, sliding a hand up her side to her chest. I cup one of her br**sts, guiding her hardened nipple to my mouth and flicking my tongue across it.

She gasps. "What?"

"Setting you up for the day," I mutter, closing my mouth around her nipple and sucking it into my mouth.

"Ah-huh," she squeaks.

I turn my attention to her other one, giving it the same attention. She wriggles beneath me, and I move my mouth downwards, pressing open-mouthed kisses along her stomach. She takes a breath in as I skim over her underwear to the soft flesh between her legs.

I run my tongue along the length of her opening, tasting her sweetness mixed with my come, and press harder on her clit. She groans, and I drag my tongue across the sensitive spot even harder.

Jen's hips press into my mouth even as she fights the assault I press on her tender flesh with my tongue. It dips inside her and back out repeatedly, teasing her, and I get hard at the whimpers and cries leaving her mouth.

She explodes onto my tongue, and I lick all along her skin, following the central line of her stomach until the tip of my c**k presses against her again.

JEN

"What are you? A f**king rabbit?" I quip breathlessly as Bing pushes back inside me. My legs bend, my feet running up his legs until they hook around his waist.

"Mmm." He kisses below my ear, moving slowly. "Only with you, babe. I don't think you understand what you do to me."

I tighten my muscles around him. "Oh, I understand."

He pushes himself right into me, deeply enough I feel him hit the end. "Do you? Do you know how crazy those little moans drive me? How sexy you are when you come? Do you know how much the sweet taste of you makes me want you? Do you?"

Heat spreads through my body at those words. Holy f**k.

"I didn't think so," he breathes. My back arches into him. "And you definitely, definitely, do not know that all of that is second to the way I feel, 'cause if I could, I'd be with you all day, every day. On this bed, against the wall, or even in the backseat of a car."

Muscles clench throughout my body.

"Maybe it would be fast and furious, or maybe it would be slow and sensual, like this." He kisses my neck. Maybe I would grab you tightly and lose myself in you, or maybe I'd hold you gently and whisper sweet nothings in your ear."

My whole body tightens, and I grip him tight, all my breath disappearing from my body.

"Maybe I'd promise you nights you'll never forget," he whispers, quietly groaning behind his words. "Or maybe I'd promise you forever."

"Both." The word leaves in a breath that turns to a cry as my body gives over to him.

"In that case..." He sinks into the bed, holding me against him. His nose brushes my cheek, and his brown eyes burn into mine. "I promise you a forever of days you'll never forget, and nights you'll always remember."

~

"By the way," Bing says, sliding across the table from me. "I asked you to be my girlfriend on Facebook."

I look up, barely holding in a hysterical laugh. "You what?"

"I asked you to be my girlfriend on Facebook." He grins.

"You've been talking to Saph," I mutter. "So, what did my Facebook say?" I raise an eyebrow.

"It said yes. Lexy logged into yours and accepted it."

"Nice to have been asked for my input."

Bing rests his elbows on the table and leans towards me. "I think we've established you're my girlfriend, Jennifer."

"Oh, but Facebook makes it official-official. Didn't you know?"

"Saph mentioned that."

"I knew she was behind this. Bloody red-headed bimbo," I mutter good-heartedly.

Bing chuckles and shoves the orange juice at me. "I thought you'd be a little happier after your wake-up call."

"Oh sheesh, it's too early to walk into this conversation," Lexy cries, slapping her hands over her ears. "La la la la la!"

I smirk a little, and Alec leans against the doorframe.

"Need a brush, Jen?" he asks.

"Why? Do you need a make-over?" I look at him.

"No, but you have sex hair."

I roll my eyes. "Oh, big deal. What, you're telling me you've never had sex hair before?"

Lexy shakes her head. "Brush, bedside cabinet," she mouths at me.

I laugh. "Well, shit, Alec. I knew you were a tart, but, oh my." I shake my head. "That just takes the biscuit."

He looks at Lexy. "That's your brush."

She slides her hands from her ears. "I never said it wasn't, honey. But you do use it."

Bing snorts, and I grin as my phone lights up in front of me. I swipe at the screen absently, opening the message.

Carl: If he hurts you, I'll kick his ass.

Okay. This probably couldn't be any more awkward.

Ass-kicking covered, farmer boy. Back to your cows!

I grin and put the phone down.

"Amusing?" Bing asks across the table.

"Just Carl warning me that if you hurt me he'll kick your ass." I smile sweetly.

His face hardens, and I can see the tick in his jaw. "You still talk to him?"

I raise my eyebrows and point my spoon in his direction. "Hey, don't you go getting all ignoramus on me, Samuel Edwards."

"What the f**k is an ignoramus?" Alec snickers.

"Ignorant ass. Shut up, Johnson," I snap, my eyes still focused on Bing. "Mine and Carl's relationship ended mutually, on good terms, and we are still friends. Did you get that one? F. R. I. E. N. D. S. Friends. So don't you pull that "You still talk to your ex?" card on me, because we all know that only one of us here has a pain in the ass ex who, I might add, is absolutely, completely and utterly, bat shit fricking crazy."

I let out my breath and put my spoon down, nodding. Lexy gives me a thumbs up behind Bing's back, and turns to her kettle. Bing looks between me and Alec, and Alec holds his hands up.

"Hey, leave me outta this. She's right though. Heidi is bat shit crazy." He shrugs, moving to where Lexy is standing.

Bing's eyes settle back on me, and he takes a deep breath. "I suppose," he grinds out. "I can deal with you being friends."

"You suppose?" My voice rises an octave. "No, Samuel, no. You will deal with it. Carl is in Devon, I'm in London. That was the reason for the break-down of the relationship." Lexy shoots me a look over her shoulder. "Well - that and I wanted to jump your bones."

Bing's expression changes, his clenched jaw relaxes, and his lips turn upwards in a half-grin. "You did, huh?"

"Yes. But that is not the point of this conversation-"

He gets up and walks around the table, stopping next to my chair and leaning into me. "There was a point to this conversation?" he murmurs. "Because I was too busy watching your lips move."

I swallow. "There is a point to this conversation, yes, so don't come over here doing that sexy "let me f**k you" voice in my ear, because you already did today. Twice." I shove him away, and Lexy chokes on her tea.

Bing laughs, sitting back in his seat, and Alec nods.

"Good effort, mate."

"Can we not? This is my brother." Lexy leans back against the counter. "The point of the conversation is - Jen and Carl are friends, Heidi is bat shit crazy, and Bing, you can put your alpha male complex back in its box because Jen and Carl are friends."

"You already said they're friends."

"I know I said it twice. I was supposed to."

I look at Bing. "See? I told you."

Chapter Twelve

JEN

University isn't always bad, but when it is, it's a pile of shit. That pile of shit would be the four assignments I have due in. I guess that's what I guess for putting the "pro" in "procrastinator."

Emotion - it's a funny thing to put down onto paper. Sure, I could grab a pencil and start sketching an image of a girl in an old run down house with her head in her hands, her body curled up, and it would be clear - sadness, devastation.

Or I could grab my pastels and smooth out an image of children playing in a park, laughing and joking. Again, it's clear.

But art is the more than the obvious. It's a combination of the obvious and the discreet, all mixed in together in a breath-taking pattern. It's not what you draw, it's how you draw it. It's in the stroke of the brush, the hardness of the pencil, the smudge of the pastel. It's in the shade of the colour, the frequency of its use, and the blend of several together.

Art is the true reflection of everything inside of us, put out there for the world to see.

I run my fingers along the pastel box, to my paint box, and back again to the pastels. I pick one out at random, not caring to look. Whatever I pick... That is how I feel.

The warm pink tone is soft across the canvas, and the red that follows it is anything but. It's hot, bright, and tears straight through the pinker sections. The white smudges in the areas where the two colours cross, blending them together seamlessly. The pattern repeats itself, over and over, and I watch it happen without really seeing it.

I put the pastels down and step back from the now coloured canvas, eyeing it critically. The curved lines are gentle, all coming together in a point like the eye of a storm in the corner of the image. I could have very well been sitting on top of a tornado as I drew this - it has the same shape, the same smooth lines. And I know exactly what it means.

It's the journey of falling in love. The left side, the gentle side, is the first feelings, and as your eyes travel across the canvas, the colours strengthen, becoming more concentrated. The right side, the eye of the storm - that is love. The red is the passion, the pink your heart, and the white the calm it brings you, all mixing together.

I stroke my thumb down the side of the canvas, my eyes gliding over the image for the thousandth time. It's not just the journey of falling in love.

It's my journey.

This image is the journey of how I fell in love with Samuel Edwards.

~

Big blue eyes, chubby cheeks and a rosebud mouth surrounded by blonde curls stare at me on the laptop screen.

"An Jen!" Daisy screeches. "An Jen!"

"Hey, Daisy Duck!" I grin at her over Skype. "Are you being good for Mummy?" She bobs her little head, nodding.

"Mama mama mama mama," she babbles, clapping her hands. Hannah smiles next to her, kissing her cheek.

"Daisy, go and find Daddy. He has a pie cakey for you," she says and puts her down.

"Bye bye bye bye," Daisy shouts, toddling off in the direction of her kitchen. I smile as I watch her go, dragging her blanket behind her, and almost falling over her own feet.

"She's daft," I say to my sister.

"She learnt that from you," she says dryly. "Some of her words right now are kinda... suspect."

"Sis, she's almost one, and I'm sure she means fork when she says f**k." I laugh.

"Oh, she does, but when you're in public and she starts yelling for one..." She shakes her head, a smile touching her lips. "Anyway, how are you? How's uni?"

"Same old. Starting to pick up on work because the exams are coming up... But hey. Other than that I'm good."

"And Samuel?" she smirks.

"You heard about that, huh?"

"Jen, it was always gonna happen. When you first met him, you talked for two weeks afterwards about "the big mean boy" whose head you chucked a lobster at," she says with a raise of her eyebrows.

"I did not!" I protest.

"You did too! I was sick of hearing about him after two days. I think you fell in love with him then." She winks. "You and Carl were never gonna be forever. I knew that the second Sam strolled back into the Bay."

"How do you know this stuff?"

"I'm a genius, Jen, you should know this by now." We both laugh. "Point is..." Hannah looks around, making sure Lloyd isn't around. "...Samuel Edwards is one hot little somethin' somethin', and if you didn't bag him and I wasn't married, I would certainly not turn him down, you get what I'm sayin, Jen?"

A laugh bubbles out of me, and I cover my mouth with my hand. "Hannah, believe me, there is nothing small about Samuel Edwards."

She grins like a teenager, clapping her hands together. "That's it. Daisy and I are coming up this weekend. Lloyd can cope without us for three or four days. I need to hear everything!"

"Why do I get the feeling this will be exactly like when I first had sex?" I ask dryly.

"Because it will be. Only worse." Hannah winks, and I can Daisy calling her in the background. "I gotta go. The sprog is yelling, and if the little one is yelling, the big one will be too. I'll sort out this weekend and give you a ring. Love you."

"Love you, too! Give Daisy a big kiss, and Lloyd... Well, tell him hi." I laugh, and Hannah blows a kiss before the screen goes blank. I shake my head. It's amazing how much our relationship has improved since I moved away. Now, instead of dreading weekends with her, I look forward to them.

And I can't wait for this one.

~

BING

I sit back and watch Alec as he pounds the punching bag in the corner.

"Do you miss surfing?"

He stops, wipes his forehead, and leans against the wall. "Sometimes. I fit as much in as I can whenever I go back to see Mum, though. Where did that come from?"

I shrug. "I was just wondering. I guess I'm wondering if Jen misses the Bay."

"Her family? Yes. The Bay? No." Alec shakes his head. "Jen's too big for a small town like Lilac Bay."

"That better not be a reference to the size of my ass, Johnson," Jen's voice calls down from the top of the stairs. A smile creeps onto my lips.

"You bet it was," Alec replies, winking at me. "That thing could block out the sun and cause the next eclipse, Mason."

"You'm a cheeky little donkey shit, Alec." She laughs, preceding Lexy down the stairs. "Watch it, or my ass might just sit on you and squash you."

"I'll take that," I mutter, wrapping my arms around her waist when she reaches me. She puts her hands on my shoulders and leans forward, gently pressing her lips to mine.

"Dinner is ready," she says, looking into my eyes.

"Can we not go straight to dessert?" I ask, running my hands over her hips, noting her tight jeans.

She purses her lips. "No, we can't. And if that's the dessert you're expecting, you're gonna be well disappointed. Lemon meringue pie."

"Is it homemade?" Alec pipes up.

Lexy nods. "Yep. Mum made it this morning."

I look at Alec, and he looks at me. I let Jen go, and we both shoot off towards the stairs. Our feet pound against them as we run, and he pushes past me into the kitchen.

A large lemon meringue pie is sitting on the side on one of Mum's glass dessert plates. I lick my lips a little. Mum makes the best lemon pie - and she learnt that from Gram.

"Reckon there's any chance Lexy will ever be able to make a pie like that?" Alec asks hopefully, sitting at the table.

"I reckon there's more chance than Jen being able to do it," I reply, sitting too.

"Rule one, lads." Dad looks at us across the table. "Never underestimate a woman's ability in the kitchen. They're either really good or really bad, and neither are anything to be mocked."

Jen grins at me, taking her seat. "Well, I can cook. If it comes in a packet."

"I'm worse than that." Lexy shrugs a shoulder. "I guess we need lessons, 'cause I can barely scoop ice cream into a bowl."

"Even I can do that." Jen laughs.

"But you live alone. I still have Mum cooking for me."

"So do I," I remind her. "And I can cook."

"You can cook?" Jen raises her eyebrows. "Why didn't I know this?"

"There's no need to sound so surprised." I grin. "I learnt from Mum. I need a lot of food you know."

Dad smiles. "We went away for the weekend when he was eighteen, and he was only worried he wouldn't be able to eat anything but crap food, so he asked Emily to teach him how to cook."

"I remember that!" Lexy cries, smiling widely. "Watching my womanizing big brother with an apron on and cooking in the kitchen was probably the highlight of my life."

"An apron?" Alec smirks.

I pinch my top. "No way am I messing up these clothes, mate."

"You're such a girl." Jen nudges my arm. "You can cook me dinner one night then."

"Fine." I grin as Mum puts a large bowl of pasta in the middle of the table. "I'll cook you dinner tomorrow night."

Jen looks at Mum. "Should I be worried?"

Mum smiles. "No, love. He's actually a very good cook. He could teach his sister a thing or two." Her eyes glide towards Lexy, and my sister pokes her tongue out at me.

Alec grabs one of the spoons in the pasta bowl. "I don't think I'd trust Bing to make me toast."

Lexy snorts. "Yes, Alec, because you're Gordon Ramsey in the kitchen."

"I burnt it once, Princess! Once!"

"I've been known to burn toast on occasion," Dad pipes in. "It's easy to forget about."

Lexy puts her fork down. "You do your toast in the grill. Alec was using a toaster set to the third setting. How do you burn toast on the third setting?"

"Actually," Jen muses. "It's possible. One piece of toast will go more than two pieces."

"I made two pieces," Alec mutters, stabbing his fork into his pasta.

"Oh, well, then, ha!" Jen laughs. "You suck."

"Says the ready-meal queen."

"At least I can make toast without burning it."

"I made Lexy spaghetti and meatballs once. That was edible."

"After you'd burnt the spaghetti." Lexy laughs.

I grin. "It's a good job I can cook. If I couldn't, I think Jen would probably have me starve."

"No. You'd just be eating an awful lot of ready meals which, aren't actually that good." She thinks for a second. "Huh. Now I have the washing machine mastered, I should probably get on that cooking thing."

"You can do bacon. And eggs." I kick her under the table, and she coughs.

"Yep. But that's not hard to cook." She looks down.

"I feel like I'm missing something," Mum says, looking between us.

Lexy reaches over and pats her arm gently. "If you're missing it, then you probably don't want to know it, Mum."

~

I wander aimlessly through Tesco. I said I'd cook - but no-one told me what to cook, and I have no f**kin' idea what to make. What am I supposed to cook?

Wait. Am I supposed to take wine and flowers? Where is Alec when I need some help?

I stare at the different types of pasta, pull out my phone, and dial his number. It rings and goes to voicemail. I try it again and the same thing happens. Shit. Looks like I'm going on my gut feeling... And that says yes to flowers and wine. Right.

I manoeuvre the trolley back round, still mulling over what to cook, and head towards the flowers. I'm greeted by too many types and colours to count. Right.

Let's just go for roses - but not red. Pink, because pink is Jen's favourite colour.

I scour my eyes over the display, finally finding some pink flowers, and put them in the holder at the end of the trolley. The wine is easy - Vino. Always Vino. I grab a bottle from the shelf, and turn my attention back to the food.

Alec said he'd made Lexy meatballs and spaghetti. It's simple, but I guess I could that. Does that count as copying? Well, maybe, but I'm not exactly a walking cookbook, am I?

I grab all the ingredients from the shelves, pay at the checkout, and load it into my car. On the way to Jen's, I glance at the clock about a million times. I have to beat her home.

I'm as nervous as a drug user being searched. Shit.

I let myself into her flat with Lexy's spare key, and look around. It's deadly silent. I glance at the clock again. I have an hour to cook and get everything ready before she'll be back from Uni.

I set the bags on the table, shrug my coat off, and roll up my sleeves. My eyes travel over the numerous bags, settling on the flowers lying in front of them.

Let's do this.

~

JEN

My nose twitches. Why is there a food smell coming from my flat? A very nice food smell.

Bing said he was gonna cook. No. He can't be...

I slip my key into the lock, turn it, and open the door. I stop, my gaze being drawn to the table. Pale pink roses sit between two place settings and two wine glasses are full.

Bing turns, wooden spoon in hand, and grins. His brown eyes twinkle, and he flicks some hair away from his face with a shake of his head. I open my mouth, close it again, and open it again.

"What?" I ask.

"I said I'd cook." He stirs whatever is smelling so yummy, his eyes still on me. "So I'm cooking."

"But this..." I shut the door behind me and drop my bag. "...This is like proper date-dinner cooking."

He shrugs a shoulder casually. "I figured if I was gonna cook, I was gonna do it properly." His mouth curls into a half-grin "But I forgot dessert."

I slide my coat off and hang it up. "I'm sure you "forgot" it, Samuel."

"I did!" he protests, putting the wooden spoon down. "But I would prefer you for dessert, I won't lie."

He crosses the small kitchen and scoops an arm around my waist, pulling me against him. My hands press against his chest, and he brushes the pad of his thumb down my cheek before dipping his head and kissing me softly. I slide my hands to the back of his neck, link my fingers, and stand on my tiptoes to meet him.

I nip his bottom lip, slowly running my tongue over the same spot after. A low groan rumbles in his chest, and I smile a little against his lips. His fingers dig into the small of my back, and the hand resting on my cheek moves into my hair. He holds my lips against his and slips his tongue into my mouth, sweeping the inside of it. My body automatically pushes against his, feeling the hard muscle there, and heat sweeps through me. If it wasn't for the-

"Something's burning," I mutter.

"Fuck!" Bing releases me and turns, grabbing the wooden spoon again. He scratches at the bottom of the pan with it, scraping the stuck spaghetti off, and turns the cooker off. He turns to me with a sheepish grin, and I raise an eyebrow

"So much for being Gordon Ramsey," I quip, sliding into my seat at the table.

"You distracted me," he mumbles, draining the spaghetti and serving it up first. "I saved it, don't worry."

I smile a little as he places meatballs on top. "Meatballs? Isn't that what Alec made Lexy?"

He shoots me a glance over his shoulder. "You haven't had any meatballs until you've had mine."

I run my tongue across my teeth, grinning wickedly. "I think I've had your meatballs, Samuel. Plenty of times."

He puts a plate in front of me, his face coming level with mine. "Close your mouth, or we'll skip straight to dessert."

A tantalising tomato smell reaches my nose, and I pick up my fork. "I'm starved. Dessert will have to wait."

A smirk graces his lips as he sits opposite me. "Are you sure? We could always heat this up later." His eyes tell me that something will be getting heated up later either way.

I stab my fork into a meatball and bite into it. "I'm sure," I say around my food. "I need energy for dessert."

He stretches his feet out under the table until they meet mine. "Oh, so we've agreed on what's for dessert?"

"This is really nice," I interrupt. "What did you put in that sauce?" I twirl some spaghetti.

"Jennifer..." He fights his smile, but his cheek twitches slightly.

"These are the best meatballs I've ever had," I carry on, holding in my amusement. "By far."

His eyes darken a shade. "I told you you'd never had meatballs till you'd had mine."

I close my mouth around a meatball, pulling it from my fork. I chew it slowly, my eyes trained on Bing's. "I'd say I'm very, very fond of your meatballs." I grin.

He swallows and sets his fork down next to his plate. "How about I show you how you should really twirl spaghetti?"

"I'm not getting the sexual innuendo, if you were attempting one."

Bing pushes away from the table and stands, his lips curved upwards and a predator-like gleam in his eye. I know this look, and it instantly sets my body on overdrive. He stands behind me and puts his hands on my shoulders, slipping his fingers under the straps of my top.

"Twirling spaghetti straps, babe," he mutters, his lips by my ear. He slides the strap over my shoulder and down my arm. "Twirling them right off of you."

I breathe in, his skin red hot on mine. "I thought we were waiting for dessert."

"We were. But I think I want dessert first." He kisses my shoulder, his lips warm from the meal.

"It's rude not to eat at the table," I mumble, turning my head into his.

My chair jerks backwards. Bing steps in front of me, his hands on the back of my chair, boxing me in. My heart flutters erratically, and my lips part as he moves closer. I tilt my face up towards his.

"Who said we had to leave the table?" he whispers huskily. I shiver a little, looking into his eyes. I raise my hands up and grip his shirt, pulling him closer to me.

I brush my lips across his, wrapping my legs around his and holding him in place.

"Who indeed?"

~

I rest my head against Bing's chest, feeling the beating of his heart beneath my ear. His arms slip around my waist, and I snuggle in closer, basking in the warmth of him.

"I like your date nights," I mumble.

He chuckles slightly, and his lips touch my forehead. "I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have a problem with us making them a regular thing."

Now we're freaking talking.

"I might start liking you too much if that happens." I tilt my head back and look up at him. "I'm still too busy deciding if I like you or not."

"Oi," he growls, flipping me onto my back. He leans over me, and I run my hands down his sides.

"What?" I blink at him innocently.

"If you don't like me, I might have to start taking drastic action, Jennifer." He kisses along my neck, grazing his teeth across my pulse slightly.

"Uh-huh?" I breathe. "Like what?"

He smiles against my skin. "Drastic action would be keeping you here, pinned beneath me in this bed while I give you a thousand reasons to like me."

"In that case, I solemnly swear to never, ever like you. Not even for a second."

"Is that so?" he murmurs, lowering his body on top of mine.

"Absolutely. You didn't give me enough reasons last night."

"I better get started then." His hand travels down my side to my hip, before slipping under me and cupping my ass. His fingers massage me slowly as his lips find mine-

"Who the f**k is at my door?" I growl as my doorbell rings insistently.

"Ignore them."

The doorbell goes several more times, and I sigh. "That would be your sister," I tell him, kissing him soundly. He mutters a curse at Lexy under his breath, rolling off of me.

I climb from my bed and cross the room to my dressing gown. Bing whistles long and low, and I glance over my shoulder with a small amused smile. I snatch my gown and wrap it around my body, pulling the door open.

"I preferred the other view!" he yells. I stick my middle finger at him and walk backwards.

I grab my keys from the side and unlock the door, yanking it open. Lexy's eyes travel up and down me, taking in my gown, and finally meet mine.

"I'm sorry, I'm not exactly dressed for early morning visitors," I say dryly. "I wasn't expecting a dawn wake up call."

"It's not dawn. It's eight a.m." She pushes past me.

"What are you, a freaking cockerel?" I push the door shut and pad across the kitchen to my kettle. I need coffee.

And if I'm willing to drink coffee, you know I had a damn good night. Wink wink.

"No need for me to be one," she retorts. "Considering Bing never made it home last night, I'd say there's more than enough c**k in the flat."

I rest my forehead against a cupboard door, shaking slightly with laughter.

"I heard that!" Bing shouts from my room. "Watch it, baby sis!"

"Good morning, brother, dear." Lexy grins, leaning back against the counter as a now-dressed Bing emerges from my room.

"It would have been had you not showed up," he throws at her, winking at me.

Lexy purses her lips. "Well, Jen has to get to Uni in a few hours, so you're gonna have to save it for later."

"Or you could leave and come back in a few hours, and I'll finish what I was just starting."

I hand him a cup. "Shush, gobshite." I turn to Lexy and hand her a cup. "You, shush, too." I take my own cup and sip the coffee.

This stuff tastes like banana peel dipped in wax crayon with a hint of sugar mixed in.

"That's not what you were saying ten minutes ago." Bing slides next to me on the counter, and I elbow him.

"Do you like my bed, Samuel?" I look up at him sternly.

His eyes twinkle with a mischievous spark. "Fuckin' right I do, Jennifer."

I put my finger against his lips. "Then I suggest you shut your piehole, or the only person sleeping in my bed for the foreseeable future will be me. And me alone."

"You don't mean that."

"Don't be so sure," Lexy says with amusement.

"Samuel, you buffoon, Ann Summers is just down the road from me, and I have no problems paying them a little visit." I raise my eyebrows, and he visibly swallows. "So yes, I would do that."

Lexy snickers and walks into my front room, sitting on the sofa and turning the television on.

"If you're gonna do that," Bing whispers lowly. "Then I absolutely want to be in your bed with you."

"That's kinda kinky." My lips quirk. "Who knew?"

He leans forward and drops a kiss to my lips. "Don't tempt me, Jennifer, or I will kick my sister out of your flat and show you the f**king definition of the word kinky."

I lick my lips slowly. "Then it's a shame I like you right now, isn't it?" I move towards the sofa and hear him grumble to himself. I grin.

I will never, ever get tired of winding him up.

Chapter Thirteen

BING

"If I didn't know better, I'd say you were a f**kin' girl, Mitch." I laugh and wipe my sleeve across my forehead. "You have Saturday night planned?"

"Beer. Red. Beer." He shrugs, hammering some nails into the wall. "I thought it was pretty simple."

"Oh, and I wonder why we have to go to Red. Nothing to do with the fact Saph will be out." I smirk wryly at him.

"Nope," he snaps. "Just wanna get out, and since you won't be attached to Jen's naked body this weekend, I thought we could have a night like we used to. Y'know, all boys."

"Yeah, yeah. When you got it, mate, you got it. I most definitely have it." I check my watch. "Talkin' of Jen, I gotta go meet her." I drop my tools by the bar, giving Mitch a playful punch on the shoulder as I leave.

"Twat!" He yells after me. I laugh, practically sliding down the banister. I wink at Saph, grab my coat, and step out into the slightly warmer air. Since the snow disappeared - much to Jen's delight - it's started to warm up. A little.

Since her flat is closer to Red, and that's where I left from this morning, I have to walk to hers. Shit. I wish I'd thought of how bloody tired I'd be after work. And hungry. I'm f**king starving.

I fumble in my pocket for my phone to text Jen as I enter the park outside her house. I shoot off a quick message, telling her to meet me here and we'll grab chips. I whistle under my breath - and walk straight into someone.

"Shit, sorry, love!" I grab the person's arms. And drop them like they're on fire when I see Heidi looking up at me. My jaw clenches.

I'm beginning to wonder if she has a tracking device on me, because she just pops up at the most convenient times. She just "bumps" into me every f**king time.

"Oh, Bing." She flutters her mascara clad eyelashes at me. "What a coincidence."

"What is?" I grind out.

"That I should just happen to bump into you."

"Yes, Heidi. In the largest city in the country - on the side of the city you don't live - I'm sure it's a coincidence you just happened to bump into me," I say dryly. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go and meet my girlfriend."

Her eyes flick over my shoulder, and she puts a hand against my chest. I knock it away.

"Heidi. I f**kin' mean it. Enough!"

She pushes herself against me and I take a deep breath in to calm myself, tilting my head back slightly.

JEN

Her lips touch his neck softly, her eyes icy and focused on me. Bing jolts, shoving her away, and she smirks at me. I nod at her once.

She wins, because I can't keep fighting that losing battle with her. I'm only twenty, but I'm too damn old for petty school girl games.

I step backwards as Bing turns, and I hear him yell. The words all run into each other, and that's what I need to do. I need to run - even though it's not his fault, it's all her, and I know he'll chase me, but I need to get away.

"Jen!" he yells, and I shove my way past people to get out of the park. I glance at the road and run across the empty street. I slam the code into the keypad, yank the door open, and move straight past the lift to the stairs. I take them two at a time and I can hear his footsteps thundering after me.

I push my front door shut behind me, walking across the room to the window. The door opens and closes.

"Please leave," I say quietly.

"Jen..." He crosses the room to my side and raises his hand to move hair from my face. I shake my head, and step back.

"Please don't," I whisper. "I can't-"

"It was all her. Not me. Believe me, Jen."

"I know that." I step back again. "I know it wasn't you, but I can't do it. I've tried, Bing. I've tried so f**king hard to deal with her and all of her bullshit, but I can't anymore."

Each word is killing me slowly. It's snapping off a piece of my heart, breaking it and shattering it. I don't want this. I don't want to walk away. He's become everything so quickly.

"Maybe..." My breath hitches. "...Maybe what we had was never meant to be anything more than sex."

"What we had?" he asks, his voice more vulnerable than I've ever heard. "No, Jen, it hasn't just disappeared because you decided you can't do it anymore! It's always been there, and maybe it always will be, but what we have is more than just sex. Every time I watched you fly apart in my arms, every time we played, joked, laughed, that was more than sex, babe. It was more than sex when I promised you forever." Tears fill my eyes and I look down. "When I promised you forever, Jen, I f**king meant it. I mean every goddamn word I said."

He moves from me, and I hear his footsteps in the direction of the door.

"Obviously you didn't if you're walking away so easily."

"I'm not the one walking away!" he yells. "You are, even though it's breaking your damn heart, you're still walking away. Where's my Jen, huh? Where's my Jen that would have walked right up to Heidi and put her on her ass for what she did?"

I shake my head and turn away. She got lost. She got lost when she did something stupid like give Samuel Edwards her heart.

"I'm not walking away from us, Jen. I promised forever and I'm gonna give it to you. I just can't stand here and watch you cry, watch you push me away, because it hurts too much. I can't stand there next to you and watch your heart break because it breaks mine, too."

"Bing-"

"My name isn't Bing. It's Sam," he says firmly. "I stopped being Bing the second I met you. A real man gives up one night stands for the one girl he can't live without, and you're that girl, babe. I gave it all up to give you forever."

The door slams, and I sink back onto the sofa, tears spilling over my eyes. Shit.

BING SAM

I shove the front door open, kicking it shut with too much force. I storm past the front room, and Mum appears in the doorway.

"Sam? What's wrong?" she asks, her eyes following me.

"I can't, Mum. I can't." I shake my head, moving towards the basement.

"Sam?"

I shake my head again, like it's the only thing my body can remember how to do, and fly down the steps into the basement gym. I head straight for the old punching bag in the corner, forgoing any gloves, and slam my foot into it.

Anger. I don't know if I've ever been so pissed in my life. The way she just walked away. The way she just stood there as if our relationship was water running between her fingers. Like there was no possible way she could hold onto it, no matter how hard she tried.

Like she didn't even f**king care. And that's bullshit. Because she does care. And that's why she can't do it - she cares more than she's ever admitted.

What if I'd admitted it? What if I'd come out and just said "Hey, remember when I said I was falling for your crazy ass? Well, here's an update: I've fallen for you," would she have admitted it?

'Cause that's the truth. I've fallen so far for her I don't know which way is out. For some reason I'm in love with her, and I have no idea how to deal with her walking away.

"Fuuuuuuuck!" I yell, slamming the punching bag into the wall. It swings back to me and I grab it, leaning my forehead against it and breathing heavily.

"Something has your boxers up your ass," Lexy says from behind me.

"Don't, Lex. Fucking don't," I warn, standing up straight and pushing off from the bag.

"This isn't good," she murmurs, sitting up on the small table and swinging her legs below her. "Wanna talk?"

"Wanna tell me why some girls are such vindictive bitches?" I throw back.

"What's she done?"

I sigh, rubbing my hands across my face. "She played her usual tricks. Jen's had enough. Said she can't do it anymore. Shit."

"What did you say?" Lexy asks softly.

"I told her I wasn't walking away from us. I told her everything except what I should have." I sigh again, rubbing my eyes with the heels of my hands, and I sink onto the chair behind me. "Shit, Lex. I dunno what I'm supposed to say to her."

"Sounds like you said everything you could have, Bing."

"Sam," I correct. "My name is Sam." I look up at her, and she smiles knowingly.

"Sounds like you said everything you could have, Sam," she repeats, patting my shoulder.

"Like I said. I said everything except what I should have."

"Mmm."

"Should have told her I love her. Hell, I should have said that at the same time I promised her forever. I should have said it a long, long time ago." I drop my head down. "And now look. Heidi's got her claws in and ripped everything down, everything I worked so damn hard to build between me and Jen. It's gone, just like that, and I have absolutely no idea where to start in putting it all back together."

"What you need is the romantic version of superglue."

"Isn't that a ring?" I raise my head back up.

Lexy's eyes widen. "I was gonna say roses, but okay, I guess that works."

"Roses are good." I look out of the window. "She likes roses."

"You're the one that's supposed to buy them for her." Lexy smirks. "I just show up with wine and chocolate."

"Do that tonight. She needs you. She was... I don't even wanna think about how she was when I left."

"So why did you go?"

"Because I couldn't look at her like that. It was easier to leave her than not be able to hold her, Lex. I couldn't do it. Watching her cry was almost enough to make me cry, and if that makes me less of a man, then f**k it."

"I don't think it does." She picks at a bit of fluff on her jeans. "I think it proves how much you do love her. I think it makes you more of a man if you cry." She shrugs a shoulder. "There's nothing wrong with it. Mum told me that. Crying is good for you."

"I'm not gonna cry, Lex, because then that'd mean I'd lost her. I haven't - not yet - and if I have my way, I won't lose her."

Chapter Fourteen

JEN

I commend whoever created the onesie. Also, if you are the creator of Ben and Jerrys and wine, your names should be put on a f**king plaque on the street of every capital city in the world.

I might also be singing the praises of salt and vinegar crunchy sticks right now, too.

What's a girl to do?

A small knock on my front door is followed by it opening quietly.

"I don't care who you are, you should go away," I mumble.

"One, it's a good job I'm not a serial killer, and two, you should learn to lock your front door if you don't want visitors," Lexy calls. The door swings shut.

"Oh. I suppose you can stay." I watch as whoever it is leaves whatever show it is on my television. I don't care. I don't even know what I'm watching.

"I have wine and chocolate?" she offers, waving two bags in the air. I smile weakly, letting my head rest against the back of the sofa.

She puts the bags down, disappears into my kitchen for a glass, and pours herself a wine. She tops my glass up and sits next to me, tucking her legs under the quilt.

"You look like shit."

"Gee, thanks. You really know how to make me feel good. Did you skip the 'What Not to Say In Case Of a Broken Heart' section in the best friend manual?" I ask dryly.

"I skimmed it." She grins. "And I have been ordered to be here, so you know, I figure that part doesn't count."

"Ordered to be here?"

"Yep." She settles back. "What's this crap you're watching?"

"Bimbos and Abs, it looks like," I quip. "Who ordered you to be here?"

"Samuel."

"Samuel."

"Yes. Samuel."

"Huh."

"What?"

"He really has dropped his name."

"Yep. He got annoyed when I called him Bing, and I only wanted to know why he was smashing the shit out of the punching bag. I think he broke some of the stitching."

I swallow, looking into my glass. My chest tightens a little, and I have to take a deep breath. "Yeah. He was kinda pissed when he left here," I say quietly.

"Well, hell," she cries. "I'm kinda pissed, Jen. My big brother is through the roof, steam-coming-from-his-ears pissed."

My lips quirk at that visual. "Yeah. I can imagine." My face drops again, and I spin my glass slowly between my fingers. "I think I'd probably feel that way if I didn't feel like I'd just been kicked in the gut by a horse."

"I think he feels a little of that too. He just feels his anger first. He always has." Lexy smirks. "He stubbed his toe on the kitchen table when he was about eight, and instead of registering the pain, he got angry and kicked the table with his other foot. He had two stubbed toes, and he was still angrier than he was in pain. It took him a few minutes to calm down and realise he'd just bashed the hell out of both of his feet."

I give a sad smile. "Why am I not surprised?"

"It gets better. He had a football match straight after. He hobbled for about ten minutes into it."

"Yep. That sounds like my Samuel," I whisper.

"Your Samuel, huh?"

I nod. "Well he is, isn't he? Bloody great buffoon that he is, he's mine." I sniff a little, fighting back some tears. "But I can't be his, because I can't deal with her."

"He's not gonna let it go, Jen. Your best bet is just giving in to him and giving him what he wants, 'cause he ain't gonna stop till he's got you back. In his mind, he still has you."

"Don't, Lexy."

"It's true. You have to accept that because he won't give up on you."

I lift my eyes to hers, and they're soft just like her voice. "Because he always gets what he wants, right?"

"Because he doesn't give up on something he believes in, and he believes in you."

~

I wrap my arms around the two foot tall toddler as she falls into me and bury my face in her blonde curls.

"An Jen!" Daisy yells, squeezing me.

"Hey, Daisy duck!" I kiss the side of her head, putting a smile on for her sake. I pull back from her and look into her big blue eyes. "Were you good for mummy in the car?"

She nods, her face innocent, and sucks on the corner of her blanket.

"Are we gonna cause some mischief this weekend?" I glance over the top of her head at my sister and wink. She rolls her eyes, and Daisy nods again.

"Bisc? Bisc?" she asks, looking at the kitchen.

"You want a biscuit?" I stand, and she nods. I look at Hannah. "Can she say "yeah" yet?"

"Nope." She smacks her lips together. "You have to watch her nods or head shakes."

"Great." I mutter. "There's a two foot child running around my absolutely not child proofed flat that can't talk besides basic words."

"Oh, shut up." Hannah laughs, taking Daisy's coat off. I grab a biscuit from the cupboard and hand it to Daisy, grinning as she snatches it and bounces into my front room.

"How was the car ride?" I flick the kettle on and hear a rattling noise as Daisy's bag is emptied.

"It was hell. Babies are not made for long car journeys, and then Lloyd called me six times because he's misplaced his work socks, his work badge, his wallet, his keys, one of his shoes-"

"And his phone?" I snicker.

"How did you know?" my sister asks wryly. "I swear, he'd lose his head if it wasn't screwed on and locked with a deadbolt."

"Tea?"

"Please."

"Well," I say as I drop two teabags into mugs. "I think that's a male thing in general."

"Talking of males..." Hannah trails off. I can feel her eyes hot on my back, and I know she's taking in the oversized male jumper I'm wearing.

Yes, I was the one that walked away. But that doesn't mean it hasn't ripped me apart. That doesn't mean it doesn't hurt. It doesn't mean I don't already miss him.

"Do we have to?" I pass her a mug without looking at her. "How about a nice girl's weekend? You know, shopping, sleepover with chick flicks, junk food, and painted nails..."

"From what I've heard on the grapevine-"

"You mean the Lexy-vine."

"You two are inseparable. Or, you were... So if I hadn't already had a call from her this morning telling me what happened yesterday, I'd be surprised he's not here and that you're wrapped up in his jumper, holding it against you like it'll disappear if you don't." She raises her perfectly arched eyebrows, settling in a chair at the table.

I glance over at Daisy, sitting on my rug playing with her toys and spraying crumbs everywhere. "I don't want to talk about it. Not around Daisy. I don't want her to see me sad."

"I don't wanna see you sad either, Jen," Hannah says softly. "But I'm your big sister. We gotta talk about this tonight, okay?"

"Pretty sure we never talked about anything."

"That's because we were both petty teens arguing over who used the last of the hairspray." She smirks. "We've grown up now. I know what it feels like to lose the person you love, for however short a time. Remember when me and Lloyd broke up three years ago? I didn't leave my bedroom for-"

"Six days, except to pee." I nod. "I know. I had to bring you food and drinks while you curled up in bed, listening to sappy songs, exhausting the stock of tissues in the village."

She waves a hand, smiling slightly. "Exaggeration!" I raise an eyebrow, and she looks down. "Okay," she mumbles. "Maybe only a slight exaggeration. So tonight, we'll get Daisy bathed and in bed. Then we'll order a takeaway, I'll buy copious amounts of wine and junk food at Tesco, and then we'll sit and sob. Okay?"

My face breaks into a genuine, yet small, smile. "Okay."

~

SAM

Saturday passes in a whirling blur of nothing to me, so before I know it, I'm in Red with Mitch. Saph is milling about as she normally does, dancing, laughing, and joking with everyone she sees that she knows. Which is most people.

"Cheer the f**k up." Mitch elbows me.

I lean back against the bar. "What d'ya want me to do? Put a big cheesy grin on and grab the next bird I see?"

"That's what Bing would have done."

"I'm not Bing. I've told you that." I sip my beer. "I won't disrespect Jen by sleeping with someone else. The way I see it, she's still mine and I'm still hers. Even if I didn't see that way, I still wouldn't go and f**k some other girl. I'm not giving up on this, mate. Fuck knows I waited long enough to get it."

He doesn't say another word. What can he say to it? Really?

Saph slips in between us, sipping her drink through a straw. I raise my eyebrows at her, and her eyes trawl across the club. Her foot taps in time with the beat, her head bobs side to side, and she keeps drinking until she has an empty glass. She turns slightly, setting it on the bar, and spins back round.

Mitch glances at me over the top of her head, and I shrug.

"Saph?" I question. She holds a hand up to me, her eyes narrowing slightly. She shakes her head and turns to me.

"Sam?" She smirks.

"You all right?"

"I'm fine. I just thought I saw some vermin, but I was mistaken." She smiles sweetly.

"Hey, Mitch is right next to you. No need to be such a bitch." I wink at her and she giggles. Mitch glares at me, and Saph turns her body towards him, laying her hand on his chest.

"Oh, poor Mitch, is the straightened out playboy being mean to you?" she coos. He swallows, visible even in the low light, and I grin.

"Why, you plannin' on making it better if he is?" Mitch asks her.

"No." She cackles and leans back against the bar. Mitch clenches his jaw, and one day they're gonna explode. "You need to cheer the hell u p." Saph jabs her finger into my chest.

"So everyone keeps saying." I put my glass down. "Not happenin' tonight, guys, so leave me here to wallow in my own shit for a while."

"Hell no! What you need is a pretty little blonde thing with an ass worth a million bucks." She looks at me.

"Only one pretty little blonde thing I want, Saph." I look down. "And stuff her ass being worth a million dollars. Jennifer Mason in her entirety isn't even worth a million dollars. She's just priceless."

Saph smiles softly, and her eyes harden as they flick away from mine. "At least your taste is better, because I gotta say, I've had fish and chips worth more than some of the girls in your past." Saph's eyes go from the warmth of a summer day to the ice of the Arctic faster than a Ferrari goes nought to sixty.

My stomach drops, all my muscles simultaneously tightening throughout my body. Only one person could make Saph go from nice Saph to bitch in seconds.

"I thought I heard something about a pretty little blonde thing," Heidi says from behind me.

"And there's the vermin," Saph bites out.

"You did. And it certainly wasn't referencing you," I snap, spinning to see her. She smiles up at me innocently.

"I couldn't help overhearing your little problem," Heidi says softly.

"There's only one f**king problem I have around here, and I'm looking right at her," I say icily.

"Woah!" She holds her hands up and steps back a little. "No need to be, well, such an ass."

"No need to be such an ass?" I almost shout at her. "Because of you and your ridiculous bitching, not to mention your f**king idiotic need to keep any girl away from me, I'm busting my ass fighting to get Jen back."

"Really looks like you're busting your ass," Heidi replies. "Having a beer on a Saturday night with a friend. Yep. You're trying to get her back."

"I wouldn't need to f**king try to get her back if you hadn't of stuck your goddamn nose in, would I? Don't stand here in front of me on your high horses bitchin' at me, because I'm pretty sure all I have to do is let Saph at you and she'll knock you the f**k down off of it."

"No need," Saph says from behind me. I turn, only just realising my hands are shaking, and notice Mick stood behind her.

"This her, Saph?" Mick gestures in Heidi's direction.

"Yep, that's her." Saph winks at me.

Mick nods once and focuses on Heidi. "You're barred. Out, or I'll have you removed."

Smart little red haired bimbo, is Saph.

Heidi sputters, her mouth falling open in shock. "I'm barred? What the hell for?"

"Disrupting my customers and causing problems," Mick answers.

"Disrupting your customers? That's the worst reason ever! And I am a customer!"

"Look, darlin'," Mick waves his hand above his head. "This is my club and what I say, goes. You come in here, you buy a drink, dance a bit, and then head home in the small hours. You don't bring your ass in and f**k my customers off, so ta-ra now, love."

Two bouncers appear behind him, and Heidi shrieks before turning and storming away. The bouncers follow her, and I can't help the upturn of my lips.

Mick sticks his hand out and I shake. "Thanks, Mick."

"Not at all." He drops my hand. "She looks like she forgot half her outfit anyway. Better not to let all the riff raff in here, eh?" He turns to Saph. "That all, darlin'? I gotta get back to work."

"Sure, Daddy. Thank you." She stretches up on tiptoes and kisses his cheek.

"Cheers, Mick." I nod at him gratefully as he waves over his shoulder, disappearing into the crowd.

Saph twirls some hair between her fingers, grinning smugly. "Well, that was a shame, wasn't it?"

Mitch shakes his head. "You can be a real bitch, Saph."

She shrugs, and I put my arm around her shoulders, squeezing slightly.

"She's only a bitch when it benefits her friends, and that was her best move yet." I grin and release her.

"What Sam said." She shoots a look at Mitch. "And, Samuel, we have to make a plan to get Miss Jennifer back to you."

"I wish it was that easy, Saph. I really do."

Her eyes twinkle slightly, her lips curving up on one side. "Maybe it is - and maybe you're just too dense to think about, and do, the obvious."

"Why do I get a feeling I know exactly what you're about to say?"

She grins. "Follow me."

~

JEN

"So, ideally, what we need to do is hire a hit-man to dispose of Barbie?" Hannah summarises as I pour milk over my Cookie Crunch cereal.

I chuckle a little. "Well, if you have the money for that, I'm not going against it." I sit at the table opposite her. Daisy is sitting on her knee, her chubby hand opening and closing as she tries to grab the spoon my sister is so deftly keeping out of her reach.

"Maybe we should kidnap her, who-" Hannah's eyes flick to Daisy. "Um, share her out, then use the money she makes from that to hire the hit-man?"

I snort into my breakfast. "She already gives it for free. Besides, we probably wouldn't get much for her anyway." I sigh, letting my spoon clatter against the side of the bowl. "I dunno, Han. What am I meant to do? I don't wanna be without him, but as long as she's sticking her bitc- Um, tiger claws in, I don't know if I can be with him, either."

"If he's a real man, he'll kick her right to the curb and then he'll come running over here like his butt is on fire with extreme declarations of love."

"Butt! Butt!" Daisy giggles. Hannah sighs. I smile a little.

"I'm not sayin' he ain't a man..." I trail off as Hannah's amused eyes meet mine and I laugh silently. "But, I don't see him giving "extreme declarations of love" anytime soon. I mean, hello, he used to wear his trousers halfway down his ass before I started pulling them up every time I saw him."

My sister smirks. "Why am I not surprised at that?" She shakes her head. "The point is that if he really wants you as much as he says he does - and Lexy - then he'll be waiting when you least expect it to surprise you."

"And drop to his knees, proceeding to declare his undying, unrelenting, unconditional love for me, while a string quartet plays in the background and candles flicker romantically around us. Right?" I challenge. "Because he's more likely to turn up with a dominos and say "Jen, you're my girlfriend, and that's that. Let's go to bed, pronto.""

She snorts. "But you'd go, right?" She wipes Daisy's face and puts her on the floor.

"Damn straight I would." I grin. "I'd be official doolally if I didn't."

"So why let the Queen of Crayola get between you?" Hannah's eyebrows shoot up.

"Because," I begin in a quieter voice. "I respect myself too much to constantly fight against her."

"I'm proud of you for that, Jen, I really am." She puts her hand on top of mine. "But now you have to ask yourself if you respect you and Sam as a couple, and if you respect you enough to fight for it against all odds. That's what love is. It's fighting for each other no matter what's thrown at you. It's holding on tight to the thing that makes your heart race and your breath hitch. And love is the pain I see every time I look in your eyes - the pain that's there because he isn't."

Tears prick the back of my eyes, one slowly making its way to the corner of my eye, dripping out slowly. Hannah gets up and walks around the table, wrapping her arms around my shoulders. I let myself sag in her embrace, more tears falling.

"I miss him, Han."

Her hand strokes down my hair slowly, and I hear her sigh softly. "I know, sis. I know."

Chapter Fifteen

JEN

If I have to listen to this chirpy little f**ker next to me hum for another five minutes, I might just stick my pastels up his ass.

Of course, it's not bad enough I've spent six hours at university when I haven't yet completed the given seventy-two hour mourning period for a relationship, and had my sister's words buzzing around my head like an annoying fly - my final class is all on expression of emotion.

I'll tell you emotion. Emotion is the growing want to impale Mr. Hummingbird here with not just my pastels, but quite possibly the sharpest object in my art kit.

I clear my throat, and he glances at me. I give him a meaningful look. He carries on his humming.

"Ahem!" I cough out. He turns his face towards me and stops humming.

"Can I help you?"

"In fact, you can. Please stop that dreadful noise, or my project for today will leave my canvas and move onto a live object." I smile sweetly.

He grunts and turns back to his work. Silently. Oh, thank the Lord of witty comments.

The rest of the class passes without incident - or humming - and I breathe deeply when I step outside. I finish before Lexy today, so I head straight to the bus stop situated outside of the campus. I'm distracted by a familiar red car and my steps falter. No. A weekend is not long enough.

Samuel steps out of the car and walks around it, opening the passenger side door. He raises his head, his eyes clashing with mine.

"In," he orders. I shake my head silently. I can't. "Jen, there's no point you going home on the bus when I'm here. Just get in the damn car."

I glance at the timetable. It is a fifteen minute wait - but looking at him is like seeing my heart walking around outside my body. It's like seeing my future dangled in front of me, and it's having everything I want and need in touching distance.

I take a deep breath in and walk towards the car, pausing before I get in.

"Thank you," I say quietly.

He takes a bit of my hair between his fingers and runs it through them. I can feel it tingling through my scalp.

"Don't thank me, Jen. Don't ever thank me for caring about you."

I close my eyes and sit down, settling my bag by my feet.

This is what the break-up with Carl should have been. Instead of a mutual parting, it should have been forced. Like this one. Except this doesn't feel like the parting of a relationship. It feels like the parting of my heart from my body, because my love for Carl and my love for Sam are two completely different things.

My love for Carl was a first love, a teen thing never destined to last.

My love for Sam is like a roaring bush fire, swallowing up and taking out everything in its path without rational thought. It's unpredictable, burning furiously without an end in sight. It's once in a lifetime and near impossible to put out, a constant raging flame.

"Shouldn't you be at work?" I ask softly.

"Dad gave me time off to work with Mitch on the upstairs of Red this week," he replies. "He said it this morning. Hence the dust."

I nod slightly. "They're still working up there? Saph said they'd be done for this weekend last we spoke."

"She was right. They should have been done, but the small company Mick hired to work under Mitch went bust. They couldn't finish the job, so Mitch has called in all the help he can get."

"Right. Makes sense." I look out the window to avoid staring at him. It's bad enough being in the car with him - his distinct scent is everywhere, that indescribable yumminess that makes me bury my face in his neck every time I smell it. This time is no different.

I want to lean over the gearstick and hook my arm through his. I want to rest my head against his shoulder and dig my nose into the soft spot just below his ear.

I shift in the seat and run my fingers through my hair instead, brushing it away from my face. I catch his gaze flicker to me a few times as he drives. How did I notice that if I'm looking out the window?

Oh, because I'm not looking out the f**king window, am I? Nope. I'm looking at him. Why would I look out the window, huh? I drop my eyes.

He pulls into the car park outside my block of flats, and I yank the seatbelt out. I need to get away from him. My need for him is suffocating me, and I need to breathe. I push the door open, grab my bag, and half-fall from the car. I hear his door open and shut before I feel his hands grip the top of my arms.

He pulls me into his body, and my bag drops from my fingers. One of his hands spreads across my back and the other holds the back of my neck. I wrap my arms around his neck and press my face into his skin, hot tears forming in my eyes.

Now... This is the moment I know. With his body against mine, him holding me so tightly, my knees buckling, and him keeping me upright, I know there'll never be anyone else for me. But that doesn't make it any easier.

I just have to ask myself if it's worth the fight. If, like Hannah said, I respect us as a couple enough to keep fighting to hold on.

SAM

I feel her shoulders shudder and bury my face in her hair. It tickles but I don't care, 'cause all I can feel is the desperate way she's holding on to me, and the hot wet tears against my neck.

"Shit, Jen, don't cry," I whisper, pulling her even closer to me. "Don't cry."

She shakes her head a little and sniffs. I squeeze my own eyes shut, because I still feel the anger. I haven't felt the pain yet, but there's so much damn anger inside me I know if I did feel the pain, I'd probably be crying right along with her.

I sigh, and reach up and untangle her arms from my neck. I tuck her into my side instead kick the car door shut. I let us into the block, ride with her up the lift, and grab her keys from her coat pocket, all without letting her go.

She pulls herself from my side once we're in, and she shrugs her coat off angrily. Her fingers swipe under her eyes, wiping away that wetness.

"We need to talk," I say, pulling my coat off.

She storms into the front room. "There's nothing to talk about," she says wearily. "I can't deal with your psycho bitch ex, and that's it. All there is to it."

"Nah, nah there isn't. There's a hell of a lot more to it than that, or you wouldn't have just broken down into tears outside and clung to me like your life depended on it."

"Bi - Sam... Just leave it, okay? Just go. I have nothing to say right now," she whispers.

I chuck my coat on the table and storm towards her. "Yeah, well I do. I'm not done with this, babe, not by a long f**king shot, so we are gonna talk about this!"

She shakes her head and moves away from me, holding her hand up. "I said I'm done!"

"As long as I'm in love with you, we'll never be done!"

She freezes, her head turning slightly. "What?"

I walk to her, stopping right behind her. I push her hair from the back of her neck with my hand, pushing it over her shoulder. "I said, I'm in love with you," I repeat softly, my mouth close to her ear. I trail my fingertips down her arm until they reach her hand. "I don't know why, and I don't know when it happened. I just know that it did, and I hit every damn soppy bastard branch as I fell."

"Not so much the bastard part," she mutters. I smile a little, lacing my fingers between hers. I wrap our arms around her stomach, pulling her back right against me.

"Bastard or not, Jen, I love you. And that's why I can't let you go. I believe in us. I have ever since that night at Dad's party. If I wanted you a year and a half ago, then I need you now." I ghost my lips over her shoulder. "You were hurting before, and we all say stupid things we mean when we're hurting, but please, please don't walk away now. I don't know if I can let you."

"I don't think I can fight her, Sam. I told you that." She turns her face into mine a little.

"You don't have to do anything. We'll do it all together, 'cause that's what this is. It's me and you, babe. Nothing more, nothing less. Just us."

Her cheek rubs against mine, and I turn my head, pressing my lips against the smooth skin there. She wraps her other arm around herself, sliding her hand up my arm that's stretched across her.

"I can't believe you just told me you love me."

"Yeah? Well I can't believe you didn't say it back," I tease, nipping her ear.

Jen's head turns to me, her bright blue eyes meeting mine. I put my forehead to hers.

"I love you," she whispers. "I must need to visit the mental health centre, but I do."

I tug her head back and kiss her, my lips firm against hers. She leans back a little, and my other arm holds her up. The kiss is soft, and even though it's only been a day, I know I never, ever want to do that again.

Perhaps I need a little bit of that relationship superglue.

~

"What if it's not that easy?" Jen traces circles on my hand with her fingertip. I sigh, resting my head against hers.

"I never said it would be easy, babe. I just promise it'll be worth it. Every time we fight, every time she sticks her nose in, - because she will - every time you wanna pack it in, that'll all be hard." She tilts her head back, her still-sad blue eyes causing a pang in my chest. I run my thumb across her cheek softly. "But the laughs, the smiles, the moments like this, they're what'll make it worth it because they're ours."

Her head dips slightly, her eyes leaving mine. "What kind of moment is this? Because it just feels like a desperate grasp onto something that could slip away in seconds."

I cup her chin, forcing her to look at me, and say in a soft voice, "It's the kind of moment when I look into your eyes and know they're the only eyes I wanna look in for the rest of my life."

Her lips pull up in a small twitchy smile, and I pull her face towards mine, kissing her gently.

"Love makes you mushy," she mutters. "I think I like it, but I also kinda don't."

"You don't like my mushy side?" I grin crookedly.

"Well, sometimes. Sometimes I like your cocky side, sometimes I like your sexy side, but mostly I think I still want to knock you out with my frying pan."

I laugh. "I'll take a pass on the frying pan."

"Really? I'm pretty sure the wok would do the job, then."

"No knocking out, Jennifer."

She grins, shifting so she's straddling my lap. "How about when I'm mad at you? Can I do it then?"

I run my hands along her thighs to her back, my fingers settling on her spine. "Hell no. If you're mad at me, you're gonna go in the next room and calm the hell down, then you'll get your ass back out here so we can talk it through. No more of this walking away or sleeping on it shit. This ain't a secondary school relationship passing notes in class, this is the real thing where it's me and you. Forever."

She links her hands behind my neck, a smile on her face. The sadness is slowly leaving her eyes and the spark I love is replacing it.

"Forever is a long time. Think you can put up with me for that long?" she asks, dropping her forehead to mine.

"It won't be easy, but I think I can suffer through it."

She tugs on a lock of my hair. "Suffer? The only one that has to suffer here is me."

"Oh yes." I smile cockily. "It must be so hard for you to be with someone like me. You know, sexy hair, sexy body, sexy smile..."

"Sexy ass... Sexy personality... Sex God reincarnated..." she finishes, rolling her eyes. "Gosh, yes. How on Earth am I supposed to cope with all of that?"

"I can think of several ways."

"I'm sure you can," she says dryly, sitting back a little. "Aside from your undeniable sexiness..."

"What?"

"Saph said she banned her from Red. Or, she got Mick to."

"She did." I smile a little, remembering.

"Good. Can't we ban her from London?"

"Unfortunately not, babe." I run my hands up her back. "But we can ban her from us, and that's all that matters." She kisses me lightly. "Come stay with me tonight. I'll take both you and Lexy to Uni before I go to work."

"Okay," she murmurs. "But only if I get to have the first go on the Wii."

I smirk. "I guess I can deal with that."

~

JEN

"I don't understand why they continue to play this game," I mutter, watching Alec laugh at the way Lexy's arms are swinging around her head.

"Because Lexy is determined to beat him at tennis one of these days," Sam replies, amusement lacing his voice. "She's lost a thousand times, but she just doesn't get it."

"I. Will. Beat. Him," Lexy grunts as she swings her arm. I grin, running my tongue along my bottom lip.

"Game, set, and match!" Alec taunts her, bowing. Her eyes narrow and she drops the controller.

"I give up." She falls back onto the sofa. "I'm never gonna win."

"Oh, Princess," Alec coos, mischief twinkling in his eyes. He sits next to her, wrapping his arm around her shoulder. "Do you want another try?"

"No. I don't want another try. I think the little Mii men should stick their rackets in an unsavoury place."

I laugh at her as Sam gets up. He grabs my hands and yanks me up with him, grinning.

"We'll play tennis," he says.

"Oh no." I shake my head. "I only do bowling, you know that. No tennis." I shake my head again.

Sam nods, grinning, and I purse my lips. He slides a controller into my hand and moves me so I'm in front of the television.

"I can't play tennis," I lie.

"She's lying!" Alec yells from the kitchen. "She played on the tennis team when we were in school!"

Sneaky little surfer shitbag.

"You did?" Sam looks at me, his eyes wide with surprise.

"Maybe once or twice," I mumble.

"Or for the whole five years we were at school!" Alec steps back into the room.

"Well, shit, Alec!" I cry, spinning around. "Why don't you just tell him when I started my period, huh?"

Alec grins. "Well..."

"That was called sarcasm, Johnson." I grab a pillow and throw it at him. "Wait. You know when I started my period?" I frown a little.

Alec's lips twitch. "Lilac Bay knew when you started your period and when you got it every month thereafter. You turned into a little demon."

"Pretty sure I've mentioned that before," Sam mutters, selecting tennis two player on screen. I elbow him.

"I am not that bad when I'm on my period," I protest, looking at Lexy for help. "Am I?"

"No worse than me." She smiles.

"Oh, great." I sigh. "You're the Queen Bitch when you're on, so I must be the Bitch Princess."

Lexy smiles wryly. "Isn't that your title anyway?"

I glare at her. "It can be arranged, you know."

A hand grabs my waist and spins me round. I bite back my shriek of surprise, steadying myself again Sam's chest.

"You're serving first," he breathes into my ear.

"I'll serve something up in a minute," I mutter, pushing myself away from him. One side of his mouth curls up, and damn, for twenty-two, he's kind of immature sometimes.

I guess that's why he's the cream to my strawberries.

I serve, flicking my wrist in the air. Goddamn, there's a reason I don't play tennis on the Wii. Playing it on the Wii is too hard with all the wrist flicking and sensory issues. My remote never, ever, ever co-operates with the damn sensor when I'm playing tennis. Bowling? No problem. Boxing? On a good day. Tennis? Kill me.

Miraculously, I win the first set from a disgruntled Samuel. He spins the remote in his hand, his eyes fixed on the screen. I'm a little amused, I won't lie. The buffoon wants to win, and he means business. I flick my eyes towards him, fighting my smile, and ready myself for battle

The sensor is working with me today, for the first frickin' time ever. And Samuel Edwards is goin' down.

~

I swing my legs from the kitchen table, grinning. Sam pours a glass of coke, his shoulders slumped slightly.

"It's just a game," I say through my grin.

"You beat me. Four times." He shut the fridge door and turns, looking at me with disbelief.

I put my hands either side of my body on the table and lean forward slightly. "It's just a game," I repeat. "But winning was sah-weeeeeet."

"Jennifer." A slight growl is in his voice.

"I mean, you always beat me at bowling, so to sneak up behind you on tennis and win was just like "Pow, boom, wham! Take that!"" I giggle. "And your face. You looked like a cat that had just had his cream taken away. Mind you that is a change from the smug "cat got the cream" look on your face usually."

He puts his glass down and storms across the kitchen towards me. He slips his body between my legs and frames my face with his hands before pressing his lips firmly against mine. I squeak, gripping his arms and wrapping my legs around his calves. He nips my bottom lip as he pulls away.

"What was that for? I'm pretty sure you're too pissed for that to be a congratulatory kiss," I mutter, blinking at him.

"That was a "shut the f**k up" kiss." The glimmer returns to his eyes a little and he trails his hands down my body to my waist. "Because God knows kissing you is the only thing that shuts up that smart mouth of yours."

I raise an eyebrow. "Hey, you like my smart mouth."

He grins a little lopsidedly. "I love your smart mouth. It's good for kissing. Like this." He brushes my lips with his, his breath falling heavier than his touch.

"It's not all my mouth is good for," I tease quietly.

"I know, babe, I know." He ghosts his mouth along my jaw towards my ear. "Your mouth is good at a number of things, and I remember each and every one."

A shiver snakes down my spine as heat pools in my low stomach. It's like my body is a puppet and he's pulling all the strings, controlling my reactions with a few simple words and touches.

"Good, then you don't need a refresher course." I kiss his jaw, the slight stubble there grazing my lips.

"You know..." He pulls back, a thoughtful look on his face. "I think I forgot it all. Would you believe that?"

I smirk. "No, no, I don't believe that."

He shrugs a shoulder and tightens his grip on me. He pulls me forward a little, hooks his hands under my thighs, and lifts me up. I wrap my arms around his neck and link my feet behind his back.

"Well, I want reminding." He carries me from the kitchen to the living room, stopping in the living room.

"Night," he says to Lexy and Alec. They both turn and smirk.

"Help," I mouth to Lexy over his shoulder as Sam turns away. She shakes her head, giggling quietly. Alec winks and looks back to the television.

So much for helping a friend out of a sticky situation, guys. Okay, so it's not sticky as yet, but I have my money on the fact it will be very, very soon.

And that isn't the roaring flame in my stomach speaking, or the clenching of the muscles in my lower body. It's my hopeful and smutty mind speaking. One hundred percent.

He walks casually up the stairs, pushes his bedroom door open, and kicks it shut behind us. He crosses the room in a few long strides and deposits me on the bed.

My eyes travel up his body as he moves away from me, pulling his shirt over his head and tossing it into the corner. Slob. The muscles in his back ripple as he stretches, and he's doing this deliberately.

Two can play at this game, Mr. Edwards.

The mattress squeaks as I get up, and his head twitches round slightly. The mirror is perfectly positioned that he can see my every move without turning - and I'm gonna use this to my advantage. While hiding my smile, of course.

I unbutton my cardigan and turn away from him, sliding it over my shoulders and down my arms. My fingers hook under the hem of my top and I slowly pull it up and over my head, revealing the lacy black bra I changed into before we left my flat.

Mhmm. I said this was game f**king on.

He swallows audibly across the room. The floorboards creak a little. I undo the button on my jeans and roll them down my legs, bending at the waist. I bite my lip and run it between my teeth, trying to hide my smile.

Sam's hands rest on my waist, warm against my skin, and I step from my jeans. As I straighten up, my bare back presses against his chest. He drops his head and kisses my shoulder, his lips dragging gently along my skin. His hands explore my body, cupping my br**sts and massaging them softly. I let out a soft sigh and relax back into him, snaking one of my arms behind his neck.

"You," he breathes into my ear. "... are so beautiful, Jennifer Mason."

I turn my face into him and brush my lips against his. I shift my body round so my front is against his and I tangle my fingers in his hair. His mouth dominates mine as he pulls me closer to him, shuffling back towards the bed. He sits down, pulling me into his lap, and I straddle him. My body presses against him, my core rubbing against his erection, and tonight I need this.

I need to be close to him. I need him to be close to me.

And both of us need to not let go.

Chapter Sixteen

SAM

"Are you sure?" Mum asks, putting her hand on the door.

"Am I sure she's gonna freak out and kick my ass? One hundred percent," I answer, looking into her soft brown eyes. "But I'm also sure that out of every girl I've ever been with, no-one is as perfect for me as Jen."

Mum's lips curve into a smile slowly and she opens the door. "Then let's find you "the one.""

I follow her into the jewellers, apprehensive but sure of the decision I'm making. I still have the burning desire to prove it to Jen - that this is it, that she is it. I still have the burning desire to prove it to the rest of the world.

I know that when I find the ring and hand over my card to pay for it I'm making a commitment before it's even in Jen's possession. I know that when I have a little box safely tucked away in my pocket there's no going back.

And that's how I want it. I don't want to go back to the ass**le I was this time last year. I don't want to go back to being the guy wanting but never having. I want to carry on being the smug bastard that's in love with the craziest, most beautiful girl I know.

And that's why this ring has to be perfect. It has to be everything Jen is. Not flashy, not cheap-looking, and not in your face, because that's not her, not really. It needs to be delicate yet strong, gorgeous, and breath-taking.

This ring needs to encompass the way I feel whenever I see her.

It's only been three days since we made up, and we're not perfect, we might never be perfect, but I know this is the right decision. Is it impulsive? Yes. Is it crazy? Yes. But it's right, so that doesn't matter.

My eyes scan across the display case. There are a hundred different designs and styles, but none in this case are right. I keep looking, taking in thousands of pounds worth of jewellery, dismissing each piece.

"Any luck?" Mum asks softly, appearing next to me.

I shake my head. "Nothing in this case. They're not..." I trail off, not knowing what words to use.

"They're not Jen," Mum agrees. "She needs something a little more special." She hooks her hand inside my elbow and guides me across the shop. "This was your Gram's favourite jewellery shop. The last time she came to London, she fell in love with two rings, but they were both too expensive for her to buy there and then. I promised her I'd buy them one day for her, and she told me not to be so silly. She put small deposits on both of them and by the time she died, she'd paid them off."

Mum waves towards a clerk, and I frown a little. "Right. And you're telling me this because...?"

The clerk reappears, placing two boxes on the counter in front of us. She opens the boxes, revealing two rings.

"They never left this shop, and nor were they meant to leave with her. She fell in love with these rings for you kids. One for you to give when you finally fell in love, and one to be given to the person who fell in love with your sister. When the time is right, Alec will be brought here, too."

My eyes are drawn immediately to the one on the right. The vintage swirl design on either side of the round diamond scream "Jen" to me. The diamond isn't big and it isn't small. It's just right. It's everything I imagined but couldn't put into words for her.

"Can I?" I glance at the clerk, gesturing to the boxes.

"Of course, Sir."

I pick up the box holding the ring, tilting it slightly so the diamond sparkles in the overhead light. "How did Gram know?"

"I think she took a lucky guess." Mum smiles.

"I'm sure she died knowing exactly what was going to happen, and feeling very smug about it, too," I muse, gently touching the ring. "How did she know the exact rings to pick?"

"She said her heart called out to them, and she knew they had to be in her family one day." Mum sighs softly. "She was too smart for her own good, Mum was."

I nod in agreement and look at Mum, a grin creeping onto my face. "Then it's time the crazy old bat got to see one make its way into the family, huh?"

Mum holds her hand out for the box and I give it to her. She examines the ring closely, her eyes flicking backwards and forwards over it. The lid closes beneath her fingers and she hands the box to the clerk with a brisk nod.

"The other one can go back into storage for now, thank you." Mum turns to me, patting my arm. "I think you're right, there, son. And you're right. It's the perfect ring for Jen."

I half-smile and look at the other ring. "Do you think Alec will take that one for Lexy?"

"He will when he hears what cut it is." Mum smirks.

"Why, what is it?"

"Princess cut."

I smirk along with Mum. "Goddamn, Gram really hit the nail on the head with these, didn't she?"

The clerk hands me the box in a bag and we thank her.

"That she did - and if you didn't take the ring, I have no doubt she would have hit you on the head." Mum laughs. "Dead or not, she would have found a way to do it."

"I really wouldn't be surprised," I say wryly. "She's probably concocting a plan now to knock me on the head for taking so damn long about it."

"On that note... When are you going to pop the question?"

"That, Mother, dearest..." I wrap an arm around her shoulders. "...Is a bloody good question."

~

Lexy sighs, climbing onto the garden chair next to Jen and tucking her legs beneath her. "I don't know how to help him. Every year it's the same... Every year for this one day I feel completely helpless." Her voice is weak, and I can hear the hurt echoing in it.

"It's hard to understand his pain. Alec and his Dad... They were close," Jen explains softly. "They were like... Siamese twins close. Whether it was surfing, fishing, whatever, they did it together. The night his Dad died, a little piece of him died, too. This is the one day each year he allows himself, the one day each year he lets himself really feel that loss."

"I wish I could take it away from him," Lexy whispers, laying her head on the back of the chair. "I can't imagine his pain. I wish I could at least share it with him so it wouldn't be such a burden."

I lean over and wrap an arm around her shoulders, letting her rest her head against me instead. She sniffs a little, and I squeeze her. "He's lucky to have you, y'know. And I'm not just saying that 'cause I'm your brother. He's lucky he has someone that loves him as much as you do."

"And to think of the damn fight she put up!" Jen shakes her head. "I thought I was gonna have to lock them in broom cupboard somewhere until she finally gave in and pulled down her panties for him."

I roll my eyes, but her words elicit a half-laugh, half-sob from Lexy.

"You would have, too," she mutters in response. "I didn't think he'd come back to London with us. I still can't believe he has sometimes."

"Which is why sitting here sulking at us isn't helping," Jen sings. I glance at her, knowing what she's thinking.

"Jen-" I warn.

She holds her hand up. "You need to go and tell him you want to be there."

"He told me not to come over after classes. Which is why I'm here. And not there." She sighs again.

Jen grins and stands up.

"What are you doing?" I look up at her.

"I'm going to see Alec." She shrugs a shoulder. "Hey. Don't look at me like that!"

"I'm not looking at you like anything, babe." I grab her hand and tug her closer to me. "But I don't think you should go if he wants to be alone. You know what Alec is like-"

"Exactamundoooo," she sings. "I've known him all my life. Besides, he didn't say I couldn't go over." She glances at Lexy and winks. "So don't worry, Samuel."

She bends down and kisses me quickly, skipping off towards the house.

"Uh, Jen?" Lexy calls. "How are you getting there?"

"Good point," I mumble, turning my head round. "How are you getting there?"

Jen pauses at the doors. She digs her hand into her pocket and turns slowly, a grin spreading across her face. My keys jingle from her fingers. "I'm borrowing your car, Sam, darling."

"I'm pretty sure you're supposed to ask if you want to borrow something," I tell her, smirking slightly.

"Fine." She rolls her eyes dramatically. "Please may I borrow your car to go and see Alec, your almost definite future brother-in-law, Samuel, darling?" she asks in a sweet tone and batters her eyelashes.

Lexy giggles into her hand, sitting up, and I can't help but laugh. I lean over the back of my chair.

"What's in it for me?" I waggle my eyebrows suggestively.

"I'm not spilling all my secrets to you!" Jen winks and runs into the house before I can respond.

"Bitch," I grumble, sitting down.

"It's why we all love her." Lexy smiles at me, reaching for her drink.

My lips curl up at one side, and I look out at the garden. "Yeah. Yeah, it is."

JEN

I rap my knuckles against Alec's door loudly. He doesn't answer, so I knock again. Even louder.

Still no answer.

"Alec Johnson you get your mopey ass to this door right this second!" I yell through his letterbox. "I mean it."

"I'm not in," he calls back.

"Nice try, dumbass. Open the damn door before I open it myself!"

"It's unlocked."

I try the handle and the door swings open. Huh. Maybe I should have tried that first...

I walk into his flat, and he's lying on the sofa in casual clothes. I raise an eyebrow when I see he's watching Antique Roadshow.

"Any reason you're watching this crap?" I ask.

"I'm not watching it. It's just there," he says dully.

I huff and stomp across the room, pressing the off button on his television. I turn, my eyes locking onto his, and walk towards him. I grab his arms and pull him up, grunting.

"Jesus freaking Christ, Alec, what are you made of? Granite?" I poke his arm. "Yep, that's damn granite right there."

He sighs and pushes himself up. "What do you want, Jen?"

"I've come to see how you are, bringing with me a bright rosy smile." I tilt my head to the side and give him my cheesiest smile.

"Nice try," he mutters. "Didn't Lexy tell you I want to be left alone today?"

"Of course she did - but since when I did I listen to a single word you said?" I scoff.

"Fair point. But why are you here?"

"I'm here because your ass is droopier than Droopy Dog himself."

"You do know what day it is, right?" His eyes slide to mine slowly, and there's raw pain there. I'd bet anything memories are swirling behind them, taking over his mind just for today.

"I know." I sit next to him on the sofa and hug my knees to my chest, resting my head on them so I can look at him. "But that doesn't mean you have to be alone. He wouldn't want you to be alone in your pain."

Alec shakes his head. "He wouldn't have wanted a lot of things I've done since he died. I still did them. This is my one concession."

"Even if it hurts others around you? Because there are people that want to be here today, specifically the person that is the reason you're in London. The person that made you change. Pushing her away won't stop it hurting, Alec. Pushing everyone away today won't stop that pain." He closes his eyes for a brief moment. "I'm not saying you can't feel, that you can't hurt, because you can. Of course you can. You lost more than your father. You lost your best friend, too, and while we can't understand that, we can still be here. Sitting locked up in this flat isn't going to make you feel better."

"You're right, Jen, You can't understand how much it hurts to lose him. And I hope you never have to understand it."

"But we will, one day," I remind him softly. "And when that day comes I know you'll be the person first in line to comfort us. Just let us be here. I knew your Dad, too - remember? He's the reason I don't surf. Do you not remember him putting me on a surfboard age eight and shoving me out to sea because I refused to learn, hmm?"

His lips twitch a little. "You floated right to the rocks and climbed into them to hide. We all went crazy looking for you, until he realised what you'd done. Yeah. I remember."

"And I haven't stepped foot on a surfboard since that day." I smile proudly. "And I don't intend to!"

"I'll get you on a surfboard one day," he promises. "Even if it means you're strapped down, you'll get on another surfboard."

"Um, no," I deadpan. "Never. Ever. Ever gonna happen, boyo."

"We'll see."

"Mmm. Like I'll see you get up off your ass, get dressed, and go and see your girl?"

"Jen," he says.

"Alec," I mimic. "Why does everyone say my name that way? Sam did the exact same thing before I came here. Pish!" I shake my head. "This is what's gonna happen. You, Mr. Johnson, are gonna be the man you are and get dressed. Then, you're gonna go see your girl and let her hold you for as long as you need to be held. Know why? Because it's okay to do that."

"Will you agree to go on a surfboard if I do that?" he looks up.

"Is that what it's gonna take?" I ask, sighing. He nods, a small spark of Alec returning to his eyes.

I clench my jaw and narrow my eyes at him. "Damn chip off the old block you are, Johnson. Yes. I will get on a fricking surf board."

"Promise?" He raises his eyebrows. "And no crossed fingers!"

"Shit." I uncross my fingers and hold up my hands. "I promise I will get on a surfboard."

"Then I suppose I'll get up." He pushes himself off the sofa and disappears into his room. I hum to myself as I wait, thinking that was easier than I expected.

See. A little bit of Jen-tude is all you need sometimes.

~

I follow Alec back to Lexy and Sam's and stop him before we go back inside.

"Hey... You can be sad, y'know?" I touch his arm. "Just let us be there with you. Especially Lexy. It's breaking her heart that yours is breaking. Just let her be there and sooth it a little. You didn't last year, and look at the trouble it caused."

"I know. I nearly pushed her away for good." He rakes a hand through his hair and sighs deeply. "You're right, Jen. I need her."

"No need to sound so surprised." I push the front door open and we walk through the house. "I'm always right, but no-one ever listens to me, and every single time you're surprised that I was right. You know, you should really do yourselves a favour and start listening to me. I don't talk crap all the time."

"Just most of the time?" Sam teases. I point at him.

"Watch it, mister. There's still time for your precious car to bang into a tree, or a fence, or slide along this key as I walk past it."

He sobers. "I dare you to try it."

Alec walks past us and crouches in front of Lexy, pulling her into his arms before she can say anything. She wraps her arms around him and buries her face into his neck. Seriously - I love how much they love each other.

I look back at Sam, thinking the way I feel is pretty damn close to their love. "I dare you to stop me." I grin and hold up his key, darting into the house.

"Scratch my car and you're dead, Jennifer!" he yells.

I hear the scrape of the chair as he gets up, and I giggle, opening and closing the front door before hiding behind the living room door. I put my hand over my mouth so my laughter doesn't give me away as he steps into the hall and opens the door. It closes again, and I bite my lip, shaking slightly. I wait as he attempts to find me.

The door opens. "Where are you, you pain in the ass?" he calls.

I snort into my hand. I'll give him a pain in the ass. I glance around the door. His back is to me, and I run out. I jump and land on his back, hooking my legs around his waist. He jumps, gripping my thighs, and I laugh loudly against his shoulder.

"Surprise!" I giggle.

"Certainly keep me on my toes," he mutters.

I loosen my grip on him and lean back slightly, smacking my hand against his ass.

"What the hell was that for?"

"That was for calling me a pain in the ass. I thought I'd be a literal one." I grin.

Sam carries me into the living room and dumps me on the sofa, sitting in front of me and leaning back. I wriggle a little.

"Get off, fatso." I wriggle again.

"Why? You're comfy." He grins, running his fingers up the inside of my thighs.

"I'm pretty sure I'm much comfier if I'm under you, not behind you, since the only one with the tools to do anything from behind in this relationship is you," I say dryly.

Sam leans his head back to rest on my shoulder. "Is that a promise?"

"Yes."

"Well, then." He lets me go and flips round so I'm under him.

"I promise that my statement was correct in telling you that you're the only person with the tools to do anything from behind." I half-smirk. "I never promised you could do anything with those tools."

He shakes his head, lowering his face to mine, and sucks gently on my bottom lip. Each tug he makes tugs on the muscles in my lower stomach, making them tighten. He runs his tongue over my lips and his fingers ghost down my side, barely making contact with me, but I feel it all over. I hold the back of his neck and respond to him, kissing him hard.

"Samuel, you have a bedroom for that," Si admonishes as the front door opens.

"Just trying to prove a point," Sam replies, pulling back and looking into my eyes. His brown eyes are dancing.

"Yep, and you failed." I smirk.

"Do I need to prove it again?"

"In private." Si walks past and slaps the back of his head.

"Shit, Dad!" Sam rubs the back of his head.

Si grins, winks at me, and disappears into the kitchen.

"Yeah, Sam, prove it in private," I taunt him, grinning.

"Don't make me, Jennifer, because I will," he says in a low voice.

I put my hand on his jaw and run my thumb across his lips, tracing their outline softly. "You don't need to prove a point," I mutter.

"I don't?"

I shake my head. "You've done plenty of proving." My lips pull into a small smile. "No more proving. Just being, okay?"

He runs his nose along mine. "What about Heidi?"

"What about her? Sooner or later she's gotta get it, right?"

"Gotta get what?" His eyes twinkle reminiscent of the way Vi's would when she was teasing you, and I know he's got his playful streak from her.

I grab his collar and pull his face right against mine so we're eye to eye, nose to nose. "That you're mine," I growl lightly.

"Damn," he mutters, sliding his arms around my back. "You're hot when you get all possessive, did you know that?"

I smirk. "I'm pretty sure we've had this conversation once before, yes, Samuel."

"Do you remember how that ended?"

"No. Wanna remind me?"

"Later, at your flat, please," Si calls in.

I laugh. "Yes, boss."

Chapter Seventeen

JEN

I hover around the back of the store, watching the clock for when I can get out of here, climb into Lexy's car, go home, and chill in front of the television. I aimlessly sort through clothes, putting them back in style and size order on autopilot.

"Guess what?"

I jump, Saph's voice in my ear scaring the living crap out of me. "Holy freaking hell, Saph!" I gasp. "Was that necessary? Really? Give a girl some warning!"

She grins, flicking her red hair over her shoulder. "Where would the fun in that be?"

I glare at her. "Where indeed?"

"When do you finish?"

A quick glance around tells me I'm alone in the kids section, so I pull my phone from my bra and check the time. "Five minutes," I tell her, tucking my phone back away. "Why?"

Her grin widens, her eyes crinkling in the corners. "Meet me and Lexy outside. I have news." She winks and turns away, scooting between the aisles of clothing.

"Oh, come on!" I yell after her, throwing my hands in the air. "You can't just leave me hanging like that! I'm not a fur coat in your wardrobe!"

Saph disappears around the corner, her laughter ringing out, and I move some clothes in annoyance. Damn that red headed bimbo.

The next few minutes drag more than a chain smoker, and I'm getting restless. What news could she have that she can't tell me right here?

I check my phone again. Five p.m. Time to leave.

My mind is mulling over what Saph could possibly have to tell me as I grab my bag and head down the staff stairs to the back of the store where they'll be waiting. Maybe she's finally given Mitch some lover-lovin'? That's definitely something I wanna hear about.

Oh my god.

"You better not be bloody pregnant!" I cry, pulling the car door open. "I swear to god, Sapphire, if you're pregnant..."

Lexy shrieks out a laugh, pulling away, and Saph turns in her seat. Her mouth is wide open.

"I'm not pregnant!" she cries, her voice an octave higher than usual. "Oh my god! How can you think that?"

"You know," I muse, glancing at her still open mouth. "...I have no idea with the size of your gob."

She reaches behind her seat and slaps my thigh. I grin, and Lexy laughs.

"This is why you and Sam are perfect for each other," Saph mutters, sitting back round. "Both of your minds are in the gutter."

"If his sister wasn't in the car, I'd tell you exactly how far in the gutter my mind is where Samuel is concerned."

"Yep, let's not go there," Lexy begs. "I have no desire to know anything about their sex life."

I giggle to myself, and she pulls up outside Saph's favourite wine bar. "If this involves wine, it's serious," I muse, climbing from the car.

Saph smiles conspiratorially at me, her eyes twinkling. I glance at Lexy and she shrugs.

"Don't ask me," she says. "I have no idea what she wants. For once, she's kept quiet."

"I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that," Saph murmurs as we take a seat at the bar. "Order drinks. You'll need them."

"This sounds bad." I sigh to myself, turning to the guy behind the bar and ordering a glass.

"Not for you it's not."

"Then why do I need a drink?"

"To celebrate." Saph grins.

Lexy frowns. "Wait, what are we celebrating? You're not pregnant. You clearly haven't let Mitch into your knickers yet-"

Saph coughs. "What is it with you guys and me and Mitch? Not gonna happen. He's-"

"Not your type, yada yada yada." I open and close my hand in a talking motion. "I'm not going to listen to how Ms. Middle Class isn't going for Mr. Working Class, so you might as well tell me why, exactly, you've hauled my hot ass down here in my damn work uniform." I take a drink.

"Heidi's leaving London."

I spit my drink over the bar. "What?"

Lexy covers her mouth with her hand, and I shrug.

"Sorry," I say. "I'm not sorry. She could have let me swallow!"

"Oh the responses to that sentence," Saph muses. "But yes, you heard me right. Heidi is leaving London."

"Why is she leaving?" Lexy asks. "I didn't think she was done with my brother."

My face hardens.

"She doesn't have much of a choice," Saph twists the stem of her glass between her fingers. "She lost her job four weeks ago, and Daddy won't bail her out anymore. He gave her a month to at least find a part time job and he said he'd help until she got something more permanent, but she didn't. She assumed he'd help anyway, so she partied all her money away. She has to go back home to Kent."

Well, shit.

I sit back on my chair. "How do you know all this?"

"You know in Harry Potter that Rita Skeeter gal? The one who turns into a bug?"

Lexy and I nod our heads.

"I'm like her, just less buggish." Saph shrugs. "I have eyes everywhere, and I've been keeping an extra one on her." She grins slyly. "One of them happened to be male and in her flat when she got the call from her Daddy."

"Ew," Lexy mutters. "I'm no prude, but ew."

"I'm with you on that." I point to her. "So that's it? She's just leaving?"

"Tomorrow," Saph clarifies. She sinks the rest of her wine and eyes us, settling on me. "So I'd finish your drinks and get your asses to Sam. She ain't done with your guy, Jen."

~

SAM

"Why are we doing this outside instead of in the basement?" I groan, chills starting on my bare arms.

"You'd be a shit surfer," Alec mutters, not for the first time.

"Yeah, I'm more of a sun guy. I'm a city guy, remember?"

"A city guy who regularly gets his ass handed to him by a small town girl." He grins.

"Fuck off." I laugh, standing up and wiping my face. The back doors open and I look up.

Jen comes flying through the door, runs across the garden, and launches herself at me. I stagger slightly, holding her ass in my hands as she jumps up, wrapping her legs around my waist. She grabs the back of my head and presses her lips against mine.

It's a desperate kiss, one I've felt before. It's the same kiss she's given me each time since last weekend - but this one is tinged with determination.

Her tongue slides against mine, her fingers tightening in my hair, and I dig my fingers into her skin. Her legs grip me tighter, her body pushes against mine, and I almost forget we have an audience.

"Well, that's the best hello I've had in a long f**king time," I mutter, staring at her still closed eyes. They snap open, and I'm suddenly swimming in the blue of them.

"She can kiss my ass. She might be leaving, but she's not f**king having you. I don't care. The day she gets you is the day she climbs over my dead body to get to you. You're my guy, and I don't give up anything that's mine." Her eyes are full of steely resolve, as hard as ice. But... Heidi's leaving?

"Heidi's leaving?" I repeat out loud.

"That's what Saph said," Lexy says from behind Jen. "And she thinks she's not done with you, thinks she'll show up here or something in a last ditch attempt to get to you go back to Kent with her. It brought out Jen's tiger."

"I happen to like that tiger," I mutter, feeling her thigh muscles clench. I lower us carefully to the ground, letting her sit in my lap, and wrap my arms around her back. I hold her tight to me, proving to her that the feeling is mutual. "I'm not going anywhere, babe. You know that. Me and you, remember?"

"I know," she says in a quieter voice. "But she's kept up this game because I've let her. I should have grabbed her bleach blonde extensions and flipped her over my shoulder onto her surgically enhanced chest the first time she tried it." Her eyes flick away and back to me. "I'm not even letting her try, Sam. I don't care anymore. I'm looking at everything I care about."

I touch my lips to hers. "I love you," I whisper. "And your tiger."

She smiles against my mouth. "I love you, too, and so does my tiger."

I smile, running my hands down her back.

"They make me feel slightly sick," Lexy says deliberately loudly.

"Then I hope you never have to see you and Alec. I've ruined perfectly good toilet bowls over you two in the past." Jen laughs, spinning so she's sitting next to me.

Lexy pokes her tongue out and Jen does the same. I watch as Jen flicks her tongue across her bottom lip. I glance up and she's looking at me from the side of her eye. Her lips creep up on one side.

"Stop teasing him, Jen. It's not nice." Lexy grins, glances at Alec, and bites her lip. His eyes double-take before the smile drops from his mouth. She slowly releases her lip, and Alec shakes his head. I look at him sympathetically. He shrugs.

"Fuckin' girls," he complains, dropping back to the grass himself.

"Do you think Heidi will come here?" I direct the question to Lexy.

She shrugs one shoulder. "I don't know. Saph thought she might. I don't know what she'd come here for, though. She hasn't spoken to you in a week."

"Does she know that her little plan didn't work?"

"No idea. Saph didn't mention it, and neither of us thought to ask. Funnily enough, we were preoccupied with the news of her leaving."

"Why is she leaving?" Alec asks.

"She lost her job, thought she could live off Daddy, and he refused. She has to move back in with him and her mum," Jen explains.

"And Saph knows this how?"

"One of Saph's guy friends was pretending to seduce her and he was at Heidi's when she spoke to her Dad." Lexy pauses. "She's kind of... influential."

"She paid this guy?" Alec's eyebrows raise.

I shake my head. "Saph wouldn't have paid anyone. She's... Shit. Well, she's a bit of a tease. She'll promise him something and not deliver, but she always gets what she wants. If you're male, you're capable of being wrapped around her little finger."

"The only person resistant to her charms is sitting right in front of us," Lexy says dryly.

I smirk, resting my head against Jen's. "I'm only into blondes."

"You're only into one blonde," she says.

"I'm only into one blonde," I correct myself. I feel her nod her head.

"Sam?" Mum shouts from the back door.

"Mm?" I look up.

"Heidi's at the door asking for you."

Jen scrambles up and storms across the garden, followed by Lexy, before me and Alec even think about moving. We stare at each other for a second.

"Shit," Alec mutters.

"Fuck shit ass**le is more like it," I respond, jogging across the garden and into the house. We pass through the kitchen and into the hallway.

"No." Jen shakes her head. "I don't care if you're here to see Sam, you can go and f**k yourself with a teaspoon for all I care. You're not welcome anywhere on this property."

"It's not your house," Heidi argues.

"No, but its mine," Lexy interjects. "You have five seconds to explain why you're standing on my doorstep before I let Jen remove you."

Judging by her clenched fists, Jen would love to remove Heidi.

From more than this house.

"I want to see Bing."

"Sam," I correct her, leaning against the railing. "My name is Sam. Don't forget that, Heidi."

"Noble. You dropped your nickname." Her voice is sweet despite the sneer on her face. "I was just bringing you a few things from our time-"

"Really? You have used condoms?" Jen puts a hand on her hip. "There's a bin at the end of the drive. In fact, while you're dropping them in there, just climb in yourself. That's where trash belongs, after all."

Heidi sighs raggedly. "Perhaps you should see them, Jen. There's a few dated pictures here."

"Go on then, I'll humour you," Jen says dryly.

Heidi delves inside her bag and pulls out a few pictures, handing them to Jen. Jen snatches them and flicks through them. She reorganises them neatly, puts her hands at the top, and tears straight through the stack. Lexy and Heidi watch with their mouths open, and me and Alec both have to hold in our laughter. Lexy's mouth closes and twitches into a grin.

"I guess that's what Jen thinks of that," Lexy states.

Jen rips through the pictures again. "Unless I'm mistaken, five seconds was up a while ago." She slaps Heidi in the chest with the ripped images. "Nice try. Don't try art on an art student, sweetheart, because any art student worth their shit can see those dates have been photoshopped on. Your bitch really does know no limits. Like I said, nice try. Your last ditch attempt at getting him back failed, just like every attempt before now."

Heidi's face contorts in anger, her mouth twisting to the side and her eyes narrowing.

"Let me give you some advice." Jen steps in front of Lexy, her back to us, and I guess she's looking Heidi right in the eye. "It's only two words, and simple enough for an airhead like yourself to understand."

"I bet I know what those words are," Alec whispers, nudging my arm. I smirk, nodding.

"Ready for my expert advice?" Jen asks. "Fuck. Off."

"Before she makes you," Lexy mutters. "I'm not gonna stop her."

"Neither am I," I mumble to Alec. He shakes his head.

"Or me, mate."

"Do I need to repeat that?" Jen's voice rises a little.

Heidi steps to the side of her, her eyes meeting mine. "Bi - Sam?"

"You heard what my girl said, Heidi." I hold her gaze. "It was a nice try, but you failed. I'm not going anywhere with you. Ever."

She shoves her hand in her pocket and makes to move. Jen's arm shoots out, her hand clamping around Heidi's arm.

"Don't even think about it," she hisses. "Or I'll key your damn face."

"Be doing her a favour," Alec says. Lexy shoots him a look over her shoulder, amusement in her eyes. "I'm just sayin', Princess. That's all."

"You'd be right," I whisper under my breath, my eyes focused on the door. Mum taps my shoulder.

"Do I need to get her removed?" she asks quietly.

I shake my head. "I think Jen will do that for us."

Jen releases Heidi's arm, and she turns, storming down the driveway to her car. She gets in, slamming the door behind her. I push off from the banister and stand behind Jen, slipping an arm around her front.

"Okay, babe?" I kiss the side of her head.

"No. I'm actually kinda pissed. I was hoping I could bitch slap her." She turns in my arm, looking up at me innocently.

I let my lips move into a smile, pulling my other hand up to cup her cheek. I search her beautiful blue eyes. "We'll have to work some frustration out later," I whisper to her. "Because I'm kinda turned on right now."

She smiles, her eyes twinkling. "My tiger turns you on, huh?"

"Mhmm," I purr. She grabs the collar of my shirt and pulls my face to hers, kissing me hard. I slide my hand around the side of her head, sinking my fingers into her hair, and hold her face against me. She rests her head against my chest, and I rest my chin on the top of her head.

Mum's soft brown eyes meet mine, and her face slowly breaks into a smile. She raises an eyebrow, and I know what she's asking. I raise both my eyebrows in response, giving her a helpless look.

She nods once softly, winking, and she looks exactly like Gram as she does it. I swallow and smile at her before she disappears up the stairs.

I drop my head and hold Jen even tighter to me.

She said to stop proving to her that it's her. Right here, right now, with her in my arms, I vow to never stop proving to her. I'll spend the rest of my life proving to her how beautiful she is, how much I want her, how much I love her.

I will never stop proving it to her.

Chapter Eighteen

JEN

I hum happily to myself as I climb the stairs to my flat, my folder tucked under my arm. Funny. Last week I was threatening to castrate the humming bird next to me, and now I'm the chirpy little f**ker. The difference ten days make!

I slip my key into the lock, twist it, and push open the door. Sam is stood in the middle of my living room holding a giant white box with a red ribbon. I can't help the grin on my face

"What's that?" I ask him, kicking my door shut. I put the folder on my kitchen table and shrug off my coat.

"It's a gift that will last a lifetime." He grins, holding it out.

"Have you bought a vibrator with rechargeable batteries?"

"Jennifer." He frowns a little. "Do you always have to make a stupid comment? Can't you see I'm trying to be romantic?"

I smile. "I know, but stupid comments are always necessary." I bound up to him and take the box. I set it on the sofa gently and sit next to it, tugging at the bow. Sam shoves his hands in his pockets and watches me as I unwrap the box.

I rip off the paper, tear open the box, and pull out the box within it. It's wrapped - I frown. "Another box?"

"Just unwrap it." He grins.

"Um, okay." I shrug a shoulder and unwrap it, shoving the first box to the side. I find the same thing inside this box - another wrapped box. And another. And another.

And another.

"Are you kidding me?" I raise an eyebrow at Sam. "How many goddamned boxes do I have to unwrap before I get to the actual gift?"

"Wait, how many have you done?" He nibbles the corner of his lip and counts silently. My other eyebrow shoots up, and I give him my best "I'm not bloody impressed" look. "Um, you have a few more to open yet."

"Fucking hell, Sam. I know you said this gift would last a lifetime, but this is taking the piss a little bit, don'tcha think?" I grumble and rip open the next box. I feel like I'm never going to get to the gift.

If there is even a gift. I know what this shit is like - and I wouldn't put it past him to have me unwrapping a box for the sake of his amusement.

I glare at him as I unwrap the next four boxes. Ah-huh. Four more.

"One more to go," he says softly, all traces of his earlier grin and amusement gone from his face. Actually, he looks a bit... nervous.

"Are you all right?" I grip a bit of the paper.

"Yep. Just... Open the box! Please."

"Um, okay." I frown and slowly tear the paper. I've never seen Sam nervous and it's making me nervous. What the hell in inside of here?

The paper falls away, and inside this box is a smaller red one. I pick it out and glance at Sam. "This is the last one, right? It's not gonna be empty."

"Uh, no. No. It's not empty."

I look at the box then him. "If there's a vibrator in here, I think I'll be sorely disappointed with its ability."

His lips twitch. "No vibrator."

"Worth a shot." I shrug a shoulder and open the box. I stop dead. "Holy shit."

Slowly, my eyes move to Sam. The rest of me is frozen in place, unable to move. He rubs the back of his neck, his eyes intent on mine, and I watch, dumbstruck, as he drops onto one knee. My mouth drops with him. I have no words, and I want to be pinched because this shit is. Not. Happening.

"When I was seven, I met this crazy ass blonde girl. She was five." He smiles, and my heart stops. Has it? No. It's pounding. Hard. "She stole my sister's hermit crab, so I chased her with a prawn until she gave it back. Which she did.

"When I was nine, I fell asleep on the beach after playing cricket with Dad, and she helped my seven year old sister bury me and shape a mermaid tail down my legs." My mouth closes, my lips twitching at that memory.

"When I was twelve, she told me that one day she'd grown up and marry a rich guy from London who would let her paint pictures of pretty flowers and rainbows every day. Then, unsurprisingly, she followed that statement up by calling me a lobster headed idiot. But..." He smiles, his eyes shining. "I knew then, I wanted to be the guy that would let her paint pretty flowers.

"When I was fourteen, she jumped off some rocks and lost her bikini top. I think I fell in love with her that summer. Not because she was topless, but because of the way her eyes twinkled when she blushed. Just like they are now."

I am blushing. I can feel my warm cheeks. I want to avert my eyes from him, to hide, but I can't. He's standing - well kneeling, on one freaking knee - in front of me, reminding me of some of our best moments, and I'm enraptured.

"When I was fifteen, she told me I needed to get my hair cut because girls wouldn't like me if my hair was longer than them, even though it wasn't. I still cut my hair, and I think she started to sort of like me after that." He grins. "I didn't see her for five years. The next time I saw the crazy ass blonde girl, I was blown away. Literally."

He reaches forward and takes my free hand. The one not holding a freaking ring.

"I'd never seen anyone as beautiful as you looked in that moment lying on the beach. But you were off limits. I had to wait for you, and I did, for two years. I changed slowly over those two years. I changed from a careless young boy into a man that had a chance at being the kind of person you deserved. It was a small chance, but it was still a chance, and that small one was better than nothing.

"The second Lexy told me you were single that was it. I had to have you. I couldn't wait anymore. I'd gone beyond wanting you. Somewhere along the way, I'd started to need you, and I couldn't fight that battle anymore."

I'm intoxicated by the raw emotion in his voice. I'm held captive by the love shining from his eyes, and I remember the day. The way he barged into my flat and grabbed me, kissing me like he meant it. Holding me like he never wanted to let go.

"I got my girl." He gives a small lopsided grin. "But we both made mistakes. We both messed up along the way... And it doesn't help you're the most stubborn girl in the whole damn world."

"Hey now-"

"You don't listen and you constantly interrupt me. You have the attention span of a gnat, the patience of a raging PMS hormone, and I don't even think there's anything I can compare your temper to." His eyes twinkle a little, and I purse my lips. "But it's why I love you. It's what makes you, you. And you gotta start listening, 'cause, babe, when I tell you I love you, I mean it."

He stands, tugging me up with him, and gently tilts my face upwards. My hand is still clasped in his, the other holding tightly to the box.

"When I tell you," he continues. "You're the most beautiful girl in the world, that you're the light in my dark, the only person I'm ever gonna need, then I mean it. When I tell you that I'll always remember everything we've shared, good and bad, then I mean it. I'll always remember the look in your eyes when you smile, when you're teasing, and when you're falling to pieces in my arms. Especially when you're falling to pieces in my arms." He grins widely, and I blush a little.

"I'll always remember everything about you, babe, because I love you. I still think I'm a little crazy, but what can I do? I don't want anyone other than you. You're the one who makes the day worth getting through and the night worth living. You're the one who makes a difference. You're the only one I need. You. Just you."

"What if that isn't enough?" I ask uncertainly, my heart still pounding inside my chest.

"Then I'll make it enough. I'll make it enough to take us anywhere, do anything, be anyone. If we believe in each other, in our love, just for a second, it can do anything we want it to. And, Jen... As long as I have you, love will always be enough for me."

Tears prick my eyes as he drops back onto one knee, and my bottom lip trembles a little. I'm not naive. I know what he's about to say.

"I promised you forever. When I promised you forever, I promised to love you forever, too. Now I'm asking you to let me. I'm asking you to remember all the good times and the bad. I'm asking you to let me hold you each night, wake up to you each morning, and kiss you every second I can. I'm asking you to promise me forever, Jen." He shuts his eyes briefly, before opening them again, raw emotion emitting from them. "It doesn't have to be tomorrow, or even this year. It doesn't have to be in the next five years. Today, promise me forever, and then one day... Marry me."

"You're asking, right?" I whisper, my chest tightening with emotion.

"Yeah, babe, I'm asking," he whispers back. "I don't wanna rush you, but your floor is kinda hard on my knee."

I smile a little. "Well, it's a big decision. I'm gonna have to think on it. You know, it is forever, and forever is a long time, and god knows I can barely get through a day with you sometimes-"

He leaps up, grabbing me around my waist and tackling me onto my sofa amongst all the boxes. I shriek and hold the ring box to my chest.

"Answer the damn question, Jennifer, and stop making everything so difficult!" Sam growls playfully, his eyes still uncertain.

I snake my free hand around the back of his head and pull his face towards mine, pressing my lips against his firmly. "Yes," I whisper.

"Yes?" he clarifies, looking into my eyes.

I nod a little, smiling. "Yes, Samuel. I will marry you."

He beams and takes the box from me. His fingers deftly remove the ring from the cushion and he takes my other hand, pausing by my finger. "Are you sure?"

I look at him earnestly, all playfulness gone. "I've never been as sure about anything in my life as I am right now."

The ring slides onto my finger, fitting perfectly, and I stare at it in awe.

"Damn, she was good," he mutters.

"Who was?" I narrow my eyes.

"Gram." He smirks. "She picked this ring, and she even got the size right. But that's a story for another time." He kisses my finger and flips my hand over, pressing his lips to my palm.

His lips ghost up the inside of my arm, over the strap of my top, and up my neck to my jaw. He cups my cheek with his other hand and pauses, letting out a long sigh.

"For a second there, I was kinda scared you were gonna say no," he admits.

"Wait - that was an option?"

"Too late," he mutters, scooping an arm behind my back and another under my ass. He picks me up and I link my legs around his waist, my arms hooked behind his neck.

"It is? Damn," I tease, holding onto him tighter.

"That's it." He starts to move towards my bedroom, fire in his eyes. "I'm gonna take you into that bedroom of yours and keep you there until you take back what you just said."

"The no part?" I ask hopefully.

"That part exactly." He shoves my door open.

"Mmm." I rake fingers through his messy hair. "What exactly are you planning on doing to me, Mr. Edwards?"

"I plan on pinning you to that bed, kissing you senseless, and devouring your body. So exactly what I plan on doing to you for the rest of our lives, the future Mrs. Edwards."

My stomach muscles clench at the thought. "Is that, er..." I swallow in a desperate attempt to wet my throat. "Is that a promise?"

He drops me on the bed, leaning over me with his hands positioned either side of my head. "Fucking right it's a promise."

Epilogue

Five Years Later

JEN

"She got your looks," Sam mutters, running the pad of his thumb down the cheek of the tiny bundle in my arms.

"It's been two weeks. Stop buttering me up," I respond. "I still haven't forgotten you for that excruciating pain you put me through."

His brown eyes travel across the baby's face and up to mine. "Did I ever tell you how beautiful you didn't look while you were in labour?"

"Did I ever tell you how many ways I can remove and dispose of your favourite body parts?" I batter my eyelashes at him, and smile sweetly.

He grins, the same boyish grin he's always had, and wipes some of my hair away from my face. "You love them, though, Mrs. Edwards."

"Bring them anywhere near me right now and I will remove them, Mr. Edwards. And painfully," I mumble, smiling at the soft feel of his lips against mine. I look down at the little girl snuffling in her blanket, and put my finger against her hand.

Violet's tiny fingers curl around my finger, holding it in a death grip. She brings it close to her face, and I stroke her cheek with my thumb.

"I still can't believe we made her," Sam says in awe.

"I know," I echo his awe. "Let's just hope she has my stunning wit and incredible intelligence. God knows the poor thing is stuffed if she gets yours."

"Will you two ever stop bickering?" Alec asks, ducking as he walks through the door. One year old Dylan is on his shoulders, smacking the top of his head. Alec winces. "Ouch, little guy." He flips him round to tiny toddler giggles, and a blonde head bobs between his legs. Maisy, Dylan's twin sister, crawls into the corner of the front room, heading straight towards the toys sitting there. She grabs a baby, hugs her to her chest, and pats her head, saying "aww, baby."

I smile at the sight of my niece and nephew smiling and happy, and look up at my best friend's face. She shakes her head.

"It gets worse as they get older. Alec, please stop tipping Dyl upside down. Hes just eaten. You'll make him sick! Oh, Alec!" She cries, swiping the boy from a laughing Alec.

"He loves it, Princess." Alec dips his head and kisses her quickly. "You just worry too much."

"Mmm? I take it you're the one that will be wiping his sick in fifteen minutes then?"

"Of course," he says innocently. "When don't I?"

I smirk at her disapproving look. "Isn't the easier question to ask "when do you?""

"Hey," Sam nudges my arm. "I clear up sick."

"Wiping her chin and cooing at her doesn't count as wiping up sick." I smile at him.

"I try." He shrugs.

"You've always been trying, Sam," Lexy tells him, rubbing a pale Dylan's back. "You get more trying as we get older."

Sam grabs an orange from the fruit bowl and throws it at her. Lexy catches it, grinning, and hands it to Dylan who immediately drops it and yells, "Ball!"

"But you don't get any more mature," I note, settling Violet in her bouncy chair. I clip her in, sit back, and bounce her gently with my foot.

Sam sits back, slips an arm around my shoulders, and pulls me into him. "None of us have really grown up. We just got older physically. Mentally? We're still the same crazy bunch that met in Lilac Bay seven years ago."

Alec perches on the arm of the chair Lexy's sitting on, and they smile at each other. "You have that right."

"And now we've produced our own mini army of crazies," I muse, eyeing the twins giggling over one of Daisy's old puzzles.

Lexy looks at all of us. "What on Earth did we go and do that for?"

"Because these two," I c**k my thumbs towards Sam and Alec. "Are still horny teens mentally."

"Hey." Sam shrugs. "I said we were still the same bunch that met in Lilac Bay."

I turn my face to him, smiling softly. I touch his cheek. "And I wouldn't have us any other way."

THE END.

