Prologue

Her hands move fluidly across my body, as if she already knows every inch of it. As if she's touched it before. But she hasn't. They never have, and they will never touch it again.

My addiction is to their bodies and the pleasure they ultimately give me. That final release, that sweet f**king explosion of tension that undoes the knots in my shoulders.

But her... I don't know her name. And this is a good thing, because she is different. She's so different than the women I usually f**k. When she moves her blond hair from her eyes, she has this enticing spark that shows a strong submission, a contradiction unto itself. It's a silent plea that the demanding side of me wants to answer.

I push my lips against hers and wind my fingers in her hair, pushing her against the bed. Her own hands glide across my stomach and up my back, my T-shirt long discarded.

Her body is soft beneath mine, soft but toned and only covered by a navy bra and tiny panties. And I want what's under them. I need it. I crave it.

I flick the front clasp of her bra and free her sizeable tits. They fit in my hands perfectly, and her ni**les harden when I brush my thumbs across them. She arches her back into me when I kiss down her neck and replace my thumb with my mouth, wrapping my lips around her pebbled nipple.

"Mmm," I hum appreciatively, moving to her other breast. "You have gorgeous tits. Tell me, babe. Does your cunt taste as sweet as they do?"

She responds with a quiet moan and a push of her hips into mine. I continue to work her ni**les with my tongue, drifting between them both, and she grinds her pu**y against my erection.

I slide my hands over her sides and grasp her thighs, holding them tight enough she stills. "You can do that later. Now, though, I'm intrigued by your taste." I pull her panties down and stare at her pu**y, exposed for me, glistening with the wetness from her arousal. I grip her ankle tightly, my fingers digging in to the pressure points, and kiss her ankle. "Now, you can f**k my face," I say against her thigh.

She gasps when I drop to my knees and spread her legs wide. I run my tongue along her in one long sweep. Fuck. Her taste is unlike anything I've ever known. I've licked countless pussies and none have tasted half as good as hers.

She writhes against me as I lick her faster and more intensely. Her writhes become that full-blown face-fuck I just mentioned, and I slip my tongue inside her channel. My thumb pushes against her clit, and she comes undone. Her pleasure-filled, trembling moan as she gives over to the wave of delight I just sent through her body is music to my ears, if only because my c**k is throbbing inside my boxers.

I tug them down, letting my erection spring free. She lifts her head from the bed and drops her eyes to it, her tongue flitting across her bottom lip. I smirk and grab her hips.

"What-oh!"

I push her up the bed, still smirking, and kneel by her ass. "Lift your legs," I order, grasping her ankles and helping her. I rest them over my shoulders and her eyes widen, her lips parting, and I know instantly that she hasn't been f**ked this way before.

Well, shit. She's about to be introduced to my favorite position.

I rest the head of my c**k at the entrance to her pu**y and push in slowly. She reaches for me, and I shake my head, grasping her hands. I pin them to the bed at her sides, a hot thrill consuming me at the realization she's completely under my control.

The action is so simple, but I can hear her pleasured gasp before she even realizes she likes it.

"You don't touch me." I put her hands on her thighs, keeping her legs up. "You lie back and you let me f**k you. But no touching."

She makes to nod but instead drops her head back when I give up the slow bullshit. I slam into her hard, going deep inside. She tightens her grip on her thighs, her fingertips digging right into her skin, and I grasp her hips.

"Good. Now I'm going to f**k you and you're going to come, and you're going to come f**king hard. Understood?"

"Yes," she breathes, widening her legs without dropping them.

I look down at my dick pounding into her, the way her eyes are closed and her cheeks flushed and her lips parted, and decide that it's most definitely a good thing I don't know her name.

If I did, I might just be willing to explore that submissive side of her a little more, and I don't explore.

1

My panties aren't wet.

They should be. While I'm sitting across the table from Mr. Jackson Sands, my ex-boss, my panties should be dripping. And they're not.

There's no sizzle. No boom-boom. No tingly spine or somersaulting stomach.

Well, this is f**king disappointing, isn't it? I've only crushed on the guy since he became my manager a year and a half ago. I've only wanted in his pants since he walked through the goddamn door. And now that we're on a date, that crush has disappeared, right along with my attraction.

Lost: one libido. If found, please return to my lonely, attention-deprived vagina.

I suppose I should be thankful that this is the end of the date-and that there is no attraction. Jackson doesn't strike me as a no-strings kind of guy. That doesn't wash with me. I hate strings. Strings make things sticky.

It's kind of a shame though. I mean, he wouldn't be a bad guy to have strings with. So what if his messy, dark-blond hair and pair of blue eyes are more fitting of California than Seattle? He's stable. Steady. On one course without any intention of veering off-unlike me.

I get the feeling that, if Jackson hit a crossroads in his life, he'd know exactly which turn to take. Me? I'd dance around like a motherfucking fairy and change my mind ten times.

"So, I'll call you?" Jackson says, moving some hair from my face.

Damn. The 'call you' question. "Sure," I reply, trying to sound perky. Is it bad that I'm trying to work out how quickly I can change my number? Oh, god. It's so bad. So, so bad.

"Great." He smiles and dips his face toward mine before I can turn away. His lips touch mine, soft and warm but...boring. Huh.

I grip his shirt and step into him. Waiting, hoping, for something... Something sizzly. Sparky. Va-va-voomy. When, after a minute of brushing lips, my body is as flat as it was ten minutes ago, I move away.

"Thanks for tonight. It was fun." I smile and duck into my taxi before he can say another word. Oh, god.

What kind of person lusts after someone for a year and a half then suddenly doesn't?

Me.

There's no reason I should be surprised. I bolt at the first sign of anything stronger than one night. I guess my hormones finally got that memo.

I lean back into the seat and stare out the window. Yes, it's for the best that my vagina forgot to clench and get all excited when he walked into the restaurant. After all, he was late. Who's late to a date? That's my job.

I'm totally trying to justify this bullshit turn of events.

I throw a couple of bills into the driver's lap and get out of the car to his call of, "Thanks, darlin'!" I let myself into my apartment block and press the elevator button repeatedly. Stupid thing is so slow.

"Now, if you're home, I know that date was bullshit, darling."

I turn at the sound of the disappointed voice and grin at Sean. "You have no idea. It's like having sex and getting no orgasm at the end of it."

"On the contrary, I think that's exactly what happened."

"What? No. I didn't have sex with him." I step into the elevator after him.

"Well, there's a first time for everything." He examines his reflection in the mirrored walls. I smack his arm.

I smack his arm. "Are you calling me a slut?"

"Never." He flashes a smile at me. "What happened?"

I sigh as the doors open. "Jackson wasn't all that after all. He was late, he tried to order for me, and the pre-cab kiss was all...lackluster. It was like having my first kiss all over again."

Sean smacks his lips together. "I think your problem is Mr. Tall, Dark, and Handsome."

A low flutter erupts in my lower stomach at the mention of Mr. TDH. And don't forget the Oh So British. I clap my hand over my tummy to stop that stupid feeling.

"Yes. He's my problem. The guy whose name I don't know but f**ked anyway. I forgot the part where he's consuming my every thought."

Sean shrugs and opens his apartment door. "Wine?"

Well, I'm not turning down that offer after Disaster Date #768. Sometimes, living opposite a g*y guy with a wine collection bigger than my shoe collection is really good for the soul. Not so good for the liver, admittedly, but good for the soul.

I close his door behind me and kick off my shoes, dumping my purse unceremoniously on the floor next to the nude heels. Sean's sofa creaks as I fall back into the plush leather and swing my legs up.

He shoots me a dirty look and hands me a glass of wine. I take it with an eye roll.

"So tell me again why Mr. Dreamboat is so bad."

I stare at my g*y neighbor with all the disbelief I can muster. "Seriously? You didn't get the whole disaster-date vibe from the turning-up-late-and-ordering-my-food thing?"

"Oh, shit. And the kiss was before you got in the cab?"

"Yep. All that pent-up sexual attraction is gone. It was the equivalent of kissing your aunt on the old excitement scale."

"Ouch. What a douchenugget." Sean takes a long drink of his wine. "I say Mr. TDH ruined you."

I snort and the wine in my mouth makes a very undignified journey up my nose. Oh, shit. That burns. Fuck, it burns. I pinch my nose and shake my head.

Ruined. By sex. How hilarious.

"That's adorable. Really. It's not like he stole my orgasm."

"Have you had an orgasm since him?"

"Uh, no." I won't tell him it's not for lack of trying. Next time, the bullet can stay in the drawer and I'll pull out Jack Rabbit. Sometimes, you just need the double whammy, right?

This time, Sean snorts. "You tell yourself that, honey. Maybe, if you see him again, he'll give it back if you ask nicely."

"I won't see him again. You know how that shit works. One time. No more." I wave my now-empty glass before he can speak again. "Jackson was different. I was only ever planning on seeing him in a professional capacity after I f**ked his balls right off his body."

"You're a delight, Liv." Sean explodes in laughter. "Truly. Oh my goodness. Okay. So Mr. TDH is also the Orgasm Catcher"-we both giggle-"and you have no intention of asking for it back."

Because asking for that back would require actually knowing his name. Something I don't know. And I'm fairly certain that stealing an orgasm is impossible. Illegal at the very least.

I roll my eyes again and grab the wine bottle from the fridge. "My orgasm is not lost or stolen. It's just... particular. Some women can't even orgasm at all, so it's not shocking that mine should be so selective."

"Selective. That's what you're calling it?"

"It's reasonable."

"Why don't you think of him while you, you know? Do whatever it is you women do to orgasm by yourselves."

My lips curve to one side. Oh, bless his heart. "No. I won't think of him while I... Yes. That. If I do that, it could get dangerous. I might need to know who he is, and that would not end well."

"You kicked Ross to the curb pretty good," Sean replies after a moment of contemplation.

"That's because Ross was sleeping with his coworker. Besides, I never really got it with Ross. He was good in the sack, but that's about it."

"I think you were a guy in a previous life. A straight one."

"That's exactly what Dayton says." I grin. "Enough about me and my selective g-spot. What's new in your life?"

And we talk for the next three hours, refilling our glasses until we both fall backward in a fit of giggles and pass out where we're lying.

"Crap," I mutter, reaching for my shrilly ringing cell. "Hello?" I groan into the receiver without looking at the caller ID.

"Liv." My agent's voice filters down the speaker. "I have some bad news."

I sit upright in bed and smack my hand over my eyes at the sudden thump there. "Oh no."

"Your shoot has-"

"Oh. God. Have they canceled it?"

"No, hon. Calm down. They've just rescheduled it for four this afternoon and at 961 Grenetia Garden."

"I have no idea where that is."

"I emailed you directions. You'll need to leave in around forty-five minutes to get there on time."

I quickly look at the screen of my cell. Fuck. "Okay. Cool. I'm ready to go."

After a glass of water and two Tylenol, yeah.

"Great. Clara will meet you there, but call me after and let me know how it goes."

"I will. Bye, Sheila." I hang up and flop back on the bed. "Fuck, shit, f**k, shit."

How could I have forgotten that shoot this afternoon? The f**king shoot that has the potential to make me a Victoria's Secret Angel. This is the shoot that could change my goddamn freaking life and I'm hungover. Fantastic.

This is why I resolved three months ago to never accept Sean's offer of wine.

Ignore the fact I've failed on numerous occasions. Last night, I should have remembered this. This is important. World-tilting important. Fuck that. Universe-shaking important!

I swing my legs from the bed and eye them carefully for hairs. Upon seeing a few suspect spots, I run my fingertips up my shin. Shitballs. I'm gonna need to shave.

I hobble into the bathroom and slather hair removal cream up my legs and along my bikini line. Sometimes, I'm really thankful that I live on the third floor. This is one of those times-could you imagine walking past someone's window and seeing their lower extremities covered in white cream?

Awkward.

I pad into the kitchen, covered in the cream, and dig two Tylenol out from my "drug drawer," as Dayton calls it. So I'm stocked for every sickness. Shoot me. I like to be prepared.

I down the glass of water and pills, choking briefly in my rush to swallow. By the time my eyes have stopped watering, I'm in the bathroom and stepping under the shower. I wash off and remove all the cream from my body, checking my armpits as a last-minute thought.

God. Preparing for a lingerie shoot is so glamorous.

Satisfied that I'm hair-free in all the places I should be, I glance at my toes to verify that my pedicure is still perfect-like it's not too late to get it done-and grab my favorite set of underwear from the drawer.

My best friend, the queen of all lingerie, once told me that the right set of underwear will set a woman up for anything. And if you ever need setting up for anything, it's a lingerie shoot.

I blast my hair with the hairdryer and brush my teeth at the same time, stopping halfway through to spit out my toothpaste. My eyes flit to the clock over and over, watching those little hands ticking incessantly. Reminding me how late I'm running.

I look at my concealer longingly, but when I glance at the clock and realize that I should have left almost five minutes ago, I bolt. After all, I'll get made up at the shoot, but still.

No one needs to see this face without makeup. It's not pretty.

My car roars to life as I pull out onto the street. Directions. Crap. I pull over on the side of the road, check my email, and put the destination into my GPS. Thank f**k for GPS.

The traffic is slow-moving downtown, and I take my tapping foot off the brake. Why does everyone feel the need to be somewhere on a Wednesday afternoon? Don't they have work to do? Don't they realize the importance of this shoot?

Okay. Breathe, Liv. Turning up there a hot mess won't help matters, late or not. No traffic is moving, so I close my eyes and take a deep breath. Or two. Or three.

Fuck.

A horn beeps behind me and I open my eyes to the line in front of me rapidly disappearing...and the one behind me growing.

Still, there's no need for the beep. I flip him the bird out my back window and put my foot down, taking a side street to get away from the main road. GPS redirects me and takes five minutes off my journey time.

How about that?

The house is on the outskirts of Seattle, a couple of neighborhoods over from Dayton's place. But this has a certain charm about it-it's closer to a cottage than a house. I glance at the back garden and the plants growing upward, obscuring my view.

It's not really the typical lingerie shoot location, but I'll take it.

Hell, I'd take a public restroom if it got me this Victoria's Secret contract.

Clara, Sheila's assistant, is standing on the doorstep. She's fresh out of college, but that doesn't mean she's soft and quiet. She's taken to the ruthlessness of this business all too quickly and it shows.

"You're late."

"Tell that to the traffic."

She purses her pink lips. "Hair and makeup are waiting for you in the main room while the photographer sets up upstairs." Her eyes scan my face. "Thankfully."

Oh, bite me, bitch.

I smile at her sweetly. Or try. A bit of bitch might have crept in.

I pass her and push open the door. I'm immediately swept into the front room and deposited on a seat by a familiar body.

"Sit," Nina says. "Dean, get to work on that mop she's calling hair. Sara, get that rack of underwear over here."

I open my mouth to speak but she snatches my purse and hits me with her gaze.

"Liv, shut up. We're behind schedule."

I close my mouth again and take my subtle telling-off.

"Sara. Underwear. What's my color scheme?"

I sigh. Boy. Note to self: don't ever be late when Nina is doing your makeup. She goes all stylist-zilla.

"Color scheme is sexy," Clara announces, walking into the room.

"Sexy isn't a color scheme, it's a state of mind. You're here to observe, not dictate, so sit over there on that sofa and keep quiet," Nina snaps, nodding at Sara.

A laugh bubbles in my chest, but I swallow it down. Since I signed with Sheila at the Stone Agency a few months ago, I've been thrust deeper into the modeling world. I'm quickly learning that modeling is much like being at high school: judgment, whispers, and bitchiness are the things you encounter most.

I sit silently and let Nina and Dean turn me from a hungover flop to a walking wet dream. It takes them twenty minutes, and I breathe a small sigh of relief when they step back from me.

"Change," Nina orders, shoving a black set of underwear and matching stockings my way.

"Where?"

"Change in the middle of the room if you want, honey. I don't care." She rolls her eyes. "Bathroom-through there."

I follow the direction her finger is pointing and strip off. "Robe!" I yell.

A floating hand passes one through the crack in the door.

"Thanks," I tell the hand, slipping it over my shoulders. I dump my clothes on the sofa when I reenter the room, and Clara stands.

"Finally. We can get started." She waves a hand over her shoulder for me to follow. I bite my tongue so it remains in my mouth and follow her upstairs.

The cottage is cute. Quaint. Yet oddly stylish.

Clara raps twice on the door and pushes it open. "Tyler, are you ready? Our model is finally here."

Oh, the urge to slap her...

"Yep. I'm ready."

A shiver runs down my spine. I recognize that voice. No.

I look over Clara's shoulder as the photographer, Tyler, gets up, and turns to me.

Oh, shit. That's not Tyler.

It's Mr. Tall, Dark, Handsome, and Oh So British.

2

Well, this is awkward.

And I don't mean nervous-giggle awkward. I mean turn-around-and-run-for-your-fucking-life awkward.

Recognition flashes in his dark eyes when he sees me. Heat flares briefly, too quickly for Clara to notice it, but slowly enough that I know I wasn't imagining it.

That same heat flushes up my neck and colors my cheeks. Yep. This is going from bad to worse.

"Thanks, Clara. Shut the door on your way out."

Alone?

"But-"

"Sheila knows I shoot alone. Get out and shut the door." He's talking to her but his eyes are focused on me. I lick my lips as Clara makes another half-hearted attempt to argue and he shuts her down once more.

I lick my lips as Clara makes another halfhearted attempt to argue and he shuts her down once more. I trace his face. His unruly, dark hair is swept to one side, keeping out of his equally dark eyes. His cheekbones are defined and his jaw is strong, angular. And his lips are...curved in amusement at having caught me staring at him.

The slam of the door jolts me back to reality. Kind of. I still have hot-man haze. I mean, crap.

"This is a turn of events I wasn't expecting." His accent is crisp and what the hell is it about the British accent?

"Yep." I fiddle with the belt on the robe. "It's certainly a surprise."

It's not every day that your one-night stand becomes your photographer.

"At least there'll be no...awkwardness." He drops his gaze to my hidden body and I swallow. Oh, no. He's definitely seen my body. And touched it. And licked it.

I shift uncomfortably. Nope. Not even going there. Eyes off the bed please, Olivia.

"Let's get unnecessary introductions out of the way, shall we?" He steps toward me.

My lips curl into a smile. "It's not unnecessary if you don't know the other person's name."

"Very true." He told his hand out. "Tyler."

Half intros it is, then.

"Liv." I put my hand in his larger one. He pulls me against his hard body and settles his lips close to my cheek.

He pulls me against his hard body and settles his lips close to my cheek. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Liv." His words are smooth like melted caramel, and I fight the urge to close my eyes at the easy sound.

A pleasure indeed.

Tyler steps back with a brush of his lips across my cheek. My hand instantly feels cold when he releases it, and I raise it to my hair before realizing that Dean will pitch a fit if I mess up these curls.

I drop my arm lamely, aware of Tyler's eyes on me as he gets his camera. He looks at me for a long moment.

"Well?"

"Well what?"

"Are you taking off the robe? I can't do a lingerie shoot without lingerie."

My lips form a small 'o.' Of course I have to take off the robe.

Please, someone pinch me. This can't be reality. I mean, I'm all for coincidences, but this puts the 'fuck' in 'fucking joke.'

I turn away from him and slide the robe down. I hang it on the hook on the back of the door. I flex my fingers to rid the slight tremble there and spin back to face Tyler.

My breath catches at the way he looks me over so obviously. He's completely unashamed as his gaze touches every part of my body in a way that makes shivers rocket up and down my spine until my skin is buzzing.

I cough and he looks up. He grins, unapologetic, and a dimple appears on his cheek.

"The shoot?" I question, drawing on every bit of strength I have inside me to deal with this.

"Are you ready to start?"

Nope. I'm ready to click my heels and see if I'll magic the hell out of here.

"Yes. Where do you want me?" Wrong question. Wrong question.

Something flickers in his eyes-lust. "On the bed."

Wrong answer. Wrong answer.

I walk across the room and climb onto the bed. His eyes follow me the whole time, and I see him slowly raise the camera to his eye out of the corner of mine.

"I want you sitting in the middle of the bed, however is comfortable for you. I want some natural shots so I can see where to go from there."

I nod once and exhale slowly. I take a moment to close my eyes and get into the place where I forget about the eyes on me. It's hard in this instance when his gaze-even through a camera-is all I'm truly aware of.

Somehow, I get to a place where I feel like I can concentrate on this shoot. I fall into my usual rhythm, the freeness of my movements throwing it off a little. Usually, I'm told what to do, who to be, how to sit or lie or stand.

"Good, good..." Tyler mumbles. "There's a glass of wine on the side. Use it."

The sight of the red wine makes my stomach roll. Damn, I hate red wine.

Still, I wrap my fingers around the stem, lean back, and rest the glass on my thigh. The shutter clicks twice. After a few shots on the bed, including one with my lips firmly clamped as I tilt the glass up, I slide onto the floor.

I lean on the bed, the wine glass my focus, and the shutter clicks again. And again. Tyler comes closer, moves to the side, shoots down.

He instructs me in my movements now, pulling me from the sofa to the bed to the middle of the floor. Playful, sexy, brooding-we cover every emotion and pose possible.

"Move to the window," he orders, taking the wine glass from me. "I want you sitting on the seat, one leg bent at the knee and the other stretched out. Put your back against the wall."

I follow his instructions.

"Put one hand on your thigh, the other above your head. I want you to look out of the window. Imagine you're waiting for someone to come home, someone you miss, and the lingerie is for him."

I swallow.

"You need to think of nothing other than being intimate with him."

My mind flashes back to him kissing his way down my stomach and parting my legs. His fingers rough, his touch desperate, his movements easy and controlled. His breath hot against my skin...

"Perfect," he says in a voice lower than before. Lower and rougher.

My heart pounds in my chest fast enough that it's capable of destroying my calm mask. I desperately want to run my tongue over my dry lips, and it flicks out before I can do anything about it.

"Now, imagine he's home, and he's walking up those stairs, and he's opening the door. You turn to him."

I turn my face and he's standing right in front of me. His camera is resting on the chair, and the look in his eye destroys any hope of my heart calming.

It's dangerous. It's a desperate glint of wanting, and my chest heaves as he brings a hand to the side of my face. He lightly brushes his fingers down my cheek. They're rough, rubbing along my skin as they hover at my jawline.

"What are you doing?" My words are a shaky whisper.

"I'm appreciating a beautiful woman."

I swallow. Three times. "Your job is to do that behind the camera. Someone might come up."

Tyler smiles. "They left half an hour ago, when you were trying not to drink that wine."

I pause, my lips curving. "Clara left?"

He nods, curling his fingers under my chin and stroking my jaw with his thumb. "Yes. There are reasons I shoot alone. One of them is so I can take photos without any rules because I enjoy it."

"So the last... Here... They were...?"

"For my benefit."

"And we're here. Alone?" Oh, this is not good.

He leans in and his breath tickles my lips. "Yes, Liv. We're here alone."

"This is unprofessional," I say as my blood roars through my veins in a way that contradicts my words.

"We're not working anymore," he whispers, closing the distance between our mouths.

It's a light touch, one I should barely feel but one I feel prickling all over my skin. The kiss is slow and sweet, and my hand betrays me by finding his shirt and fisting the material.

"Yep, this is very unprofessional."

Tyler grabs my thigh and spins me to face him. With one hand in my hair and the other grasping my hip, he lowers his mouth to mine once more.

His lips work mine forcefully, sweeping me away to a place where I can't think of the fact that I'm kissing a man I was never supposed to ever see again. His kiss is intoxicating, smothering me with desire and need.

And need is bad. Need is very, very bad, but no one tells my hands this as they find the bottom of his shirt. I tug at it lightly, and he grazes his teeth over my bottom lip.

"I thought this was unprofessional?" he whispers in amusement.

Oh, f**k this. "We're not working."

He laughs, a rich sound, and releases me to remove his shirt. I trail my fingers down his lightly sculpted body until they rest on his belt. The bulge in his pants clearly shows his erection, and I reach out. I brush my hand across it, letting my fingers curl around its hardness. He hisses in a breath, grabs my arms, and pulls me to standing.

His arms go around me in a way that means I'm unable to move, and he kisses me once again. Whatever restraint he was holding just moments ago is gone as he tugs me across the room, his tongue exploring my mouth, and leans me back onto the bed.

"It's so very hard to take photos of a woman when you can remember exactly how she tastes," he whispers, kissing down my neck. "And it's damn near f**king impossible when that taste has lingered in your mouth ever since."

I arch into him as he takes one of my br**sts in his hand and palms it lightly. Lightning bolts of desire shoot through my body as he works my bra and unclasps it. Almost immediately, his mouth closes around one of my ni**les and he rolls the other between his finger and thumb. The tugging and pulling is an intense feeling, and every muscle in my pu**y clenches.

"You're so responsive, Liv. Tell me"-he nibbles up my neck-"are you wet yet?"

"Why don't you find out?" I breathe. His mouth finds mine again, and I reach down to his pants to undo them. "Wait. Condom?"

"Pocket," he says against my mouth.

I reach inside his pocket and put out a foil packet. I tug them down his legs with his boxers using my toes, and Tyler takes the opening of my legs as his invitation.

He leans forward, pressing his bare erection against the soft material of my panties. I whimper, pushing into him. This isn't enough... I need to feel him inside. I need him to dull the ache I feel in my clit.

He opens the condom packet and rolls it onto himself before he hooks his finger in my underwear and moves it to the side. The simple movement exposes my pu**y to him, and he runs his fingers along my folds before resting his c**k there.

"You're so wet," he murmurs. "And if I were a patient man, I'd take more advantage of that. As it is..." He pushes into me in one thrust. "I'm not a patient man."

My mouth falls open at the swift way he enters me. I grab his back, and he slides one hand into my hair.

"I'm far too desperate to make you come and feel your tight pu**y around my c**k as you do." With those words, he moves out of me and back in.

I close my eyes as he finds a rhythm, one that's fast but not brutal. His long, quick strokes fill me easily, rubbing against the right spot, and I tilt my hips into him. I tighten my legs around his waist, and he reaches around, grabbing my ass and tilting my hips up even more.

His next thrust is deep and powerful, and I cry out. His grip on my hair tightens, making my scalp sting in a way that only heightens the slow build of pressure in my lower stomach.

I'm so focused on him inside me, how he feels, how he plays my body with the ease of a man who's touched me a million times, that I don't see it before it happens. I don't feel it tip from tight ache to body-shattering pleasure.

The orgasm hits me intensely, trembling my limbs, washing over me in a delicious wave of heat. My heart pounds double time in my chest and I only breathe when Tyler groans into my shoulder, signaling his own release.

My muscles are clenching, working him, drawing it from him. He thrusts slowly a few times, emptying himself fully inside me. I drop my head back to the bed with my eyes closed as I try to calm my breathing.

Tyler tilts my face toward his and kisses me once. "Mm," is all he says, looking into my eyes.

I meet his gaze as he releases me and pulls out of me. Instantly, I feel empty, cold, and I push that from my mind as he rolls off the condom and discards it in the adjoining bathroom.

My eyes trawl over him as he dresses, and he turns to me. "I'll go downstairs and get your clothes for you."

"Thank you," I say softly when he leaves.

With the space between us now, I feel exposed. I get up and grab the robe from the back of the door. Tyler comes back just as I wrap it around my stomach. I take my clothes from him and all but run into the bathroom to change.

My hands shake as I pull off the stockings. What have I done? Sex twice with the same person-that's a major rule breaker. One night only. It has to be that way or those pesky little strings pop up. They entwine you with the other person and...

I take a deep breath. Realistically, I know the chances of seeing Tyler again are very slim. I can tell Sheila that I was uncomfortable with his way of shooting alone and she won't book me with him again. And if I happen to see him on the street, I can just pretend I don't recognize him.

"Liv? Are you okay?"

"Yep. Two seconds." I pull a hairband from the pocket of my jeans and gather my hair into a ponytail before I open the door. "What should I do with the underwear?"

"Give it to me. I'll see it gets back to the right place tomorrow."

"Okay." I hand it to him.

What do I do now? It's not like I can just say, "Well, thanks for the f**k. Bye!"

I stand by the door awkwardly as he packs away his camera. "Well, bye," I say lamely.

Tyler looks up. "Do you need me to call you a cab?"

"No, I drove. Thanks though." I smile and turn away.

"Hang on." He crosses the room and spins me into him, pressing his lips against mine. "One for the road," he whispers with a smile.

I blink at him and turn away without another word. Somehow, I make it down the stairs without running or falling, and I don't breathe again until I'm in my car.

I turn the radio up to drown out the mass of thoughts in my head as I drive away from the cottage, but it doesn't work.

All I can think of is the way my lips are still tingling after his last kiss.

Easy breathing, easy stretching, calming thoughts. I haven't done any yoga in a while, but the urge overcame me this morning to get out my mat and do it.

It's a preventative action. A coping method I pull out when things get a little murky. When that addiction nudges at the back of my mind.

We all have something we're addicted to. For some people, it's alcohol or drugs. For some people, it's real things that are tangible. Things you can physically touch and taste and see.

For other people, they're addicted to less visible things. They're addicted to feelings and sensations and things that can slip away as easily as water can run through their fingers.

That's me. That's my downfall. The things many people take for granted, the things they don't always recognize are there-they're the things I'm addicted to.

Intimacy. Connection. Love.

I'm in love with love, and that only strengthens my desire for the other things. I crave the intimacy of knowing someone so deeply that there's no part of their soul you haven't seen. I need the connection of someone knowing me that deeply.

They're dangerous things to hold together. They are strings, they are connecting factors, and they are a bittersweet addiction. If you add the three together, they'll eventually form the addiction to the person.

This is why I have rules. Does it really matter if I sleep with a different guy every couple of weeks? Does that make me a horrid person? I decided long ago that it doesn't. I'm as human as everyone else. I have the same base desires, but I have to protect myself as I fulfill them.

Ross was great. Despite what Dayton and everyone else thought, there was no intimacy. He was my f**k buddy and I was his. It all worked perfectly fine until I found him buddy-fucking another person.

He was my safety net. Because we rarely spent any time together outside of each other's pants, there was no cause for a conversation or anything that would bring us together intimately. Ross was safe and he was stable-for a few months, at least.

Since we "broke up," I knew in my heart that 'one person, one time' was the rule I had to go by. Then there was really no chance for anything to get intimate.

Until fate stepped in and threw Tyler in my path for a second time. Fate's Big Fuck-Up is the only appropriate way to describe this whole situation.

Fate's a bitch. Truly, she is. I bet she's sitting with a glass of wine, watching me keep to the confines of the relationships I've set myself. She's seen how well I've been doing and has decided to shake it up a little... Or a lot.

I can only be thankful for the short introductions Tyler and I had. If I knew his last name, it would be far too tempting. I could ask Sheila, sure, but I can't. That has to be my challenge, how I stay in the box. Don't ask Sheila. Don't find out his name.

Do not be tempted.

I snatch up my ringing phone. "Hello?"

"Liv!" Dayton cries down the phone. "This is a disaster! Everything is going wrong!"

Good morning, Bridezilla.

"What's happened? Wait, no. Hang on. I'll come over."

"Oh, God," she moans. I imagine her tugging at her hair in frustration.

"Give me five minutes." I hang up and sigh.

I don't know who's more stressed over this wedding-her or me. If there's not something going wrong, like the bridal store ordering in the wrong size shoes, then she's asking me a bunch of questions about the bridal shower and bachelorette party.

Are they done yet? Have I organized anything? Do I have any idea what I'm doing?

Someone needs to remind her that shit is a surprise.

I brush my hair from my face and dump some biscuits in Angus's bowl in response to his incessant mewing. "Oh, don't look at me that way," I say at his affected look. "You can't always have the canned food. There's nothing wrong with cat biscuits, you little snob."

Besides, I need to visit the store. Later.

I get behind the wheel of my car and head in the direction of Dayton's apartment. Given the distress in her voice, the f**k-up is a good one, so I brace myself for a meltdown. I even check my glove box at some lights for a bottle of Tylenol.

I park in the underground parking lot next to her BMW and key in the unlock code for Aaron's penthouse elevator. And yes, I roll my eyes. A keypad for an elevator.

"Tell Aaron he needs to get rid of that keypad. It's so stupid," I say, walking into the apartment without knocking.

Dayton waves her hand. "Whatever. Liv, disaster. It's a disaster."

"What, did the venue burn down or something?"

She shoots an evil look my way at my sarcasm. "Knowing my luck, it probably will. If she weren't forbidden from any contact with us, I'd put my money on Naomi f**king around with my plans."

"So what's the problem?" I sit opposite her at the bar.

"The caterer is going out of business."

Well, shit. That's a kick in the balls right there.

"Aaron Stone is paying him to cater for his wedding and he's going out of business?" I raise my eyebrows.

"I just... Where am I going to find anyone able to cater for us at short notice?"

"Um, it's not like it's tomorrow."

She groans and clicks at her laptop. "No, no, no!" She drops her head to the bar. "Why is this so hard for them to get right? Champagne and ivory are not the same color. The seat sashes are supposed to be champagne, not f**king ivory!"

She is really not having a good day. I pat her shoulder. "There, there, Bridezilla. You have three months still to chew their asses out until they get it right."

"Liv, with the amount Aaron is paying them to get it right, I shouldn't have to be chewing asses." She sits up, sighing heavily. "This is crazy. Why can't we just elope in some exotic country and get married without all this fancy crap?"

I laugh at the thought. Yes, Dayton would forgo her dream wedding for a small party on a beach somewhere. Sure.

I close her laptop down and stand up. "Okay, babe. Let's get you a drink. You and I both know you wouldn't want to have this any other way."

"I know. I just... It's three months away and already I'm being bogged down by shit. Why can't these people just get things right?"

I fill two glasses of wine and put them on the table between us. "Listen to me, Dayton. You will get this fixed. Has Aaron chosen his best man yet?"

Distraction is the best policy. In this case, it's by wine and a rare instance of Aaron's incompetence. Here's hoping she says he has...

"Yes. He had him picked three months ago. He just got his ass in gear and asked him."

"Who is it? Anyone hot and rich from his company?"

Hey, distraction is the best policy. I could use a good distraction.

I grab her laptop and open her email.

Day snorts. "His cousin. Although, Tyler is hot and rich. And kind of from the company. I mean, he's a photographer. He's the guy training me. I don't know how you two haven't met yet. Hmm."

Wait. Did she just say?

Fuck no. This is an awful, awful, coincidence that my best friend's fiance happens to have a cousin named Tyler who's a photographer, right? Seattle is a big place. It's totally plausible.

Still, I feel my cheeks flush, and Dayton frowns.

"Uh, Liv?"

"Um." Cue nervous giggle. "Did you say Tyler? A photographer?"

"Yeah. Why?"

"Does he happen to be British?"

A beat of silence passes before, "Yes."

Oh, f**king crap.

3

"I know him already," I squeak out.

Dayton tilts her head to the side, looking at me blankly. "Well, I suppose that will make everything easier. Maid of honor and best man thing. You guys have to get along."

"Oh, we do. I can't say we've talked much, but we get along just fine."

I see the moment it clicks in her head, and her jaw drops. My mouth flattens into a thin line and an awkward silence lingers as neither of us knows what to say.

That'll teach me to get a last name next time I f**k someone.

Dayton picks up her glass and drinks half of it in one go. "Well, that's a surprise."

I snort. "Yeah? Like the fact that he was the guy who photographed me two days ago?"

"I was supposed to go to that one with him. Oh my god." She covers her mouth with her hand. "Liv! Did you f**k him after your shoot? Oh my god!"

"Um. I plead the Fifth."

"Ohhhhh, shit."

"If it makes a difference, we'd already met."

She closes her eyes. "You f**ked him twice?"

"I know, right? This week is full of great, little surprises," I joke, trying to make light of it and avoid her next question.

"And you're..."

"Well I wasn't planning on getting his last name, but now I'm assuming it's Stone, so that throws that plan to shit, eh? And no, I'm not. I'm fine."

So what if he gave my orgasm back and Mr. Jack Rabbit helped me to it last night with the thought of him?

Maybe not totally fine.

"This is bad, Dayton. So, so bad." I grab my own wine glass and do as she did, drinking half in one go.

Two male voices laugh outside.

"And it's about to get worse," Day gasps.

My eyes widen. Oh, hell f**king no. Hell. Fucking. No.

"Hide me!"

Dayton bites her lip, an apologetic glint in her eye, and my heart thuds when I hear his voice.

"Wine already? Isn't it early, even for you?"

Dayton says nothing, just stares at me.

"What's going on?" Aaron asks.

I finish my wine.

"Um, Tyler, I'm assuming you met my best friend, Liv."

I'm gonna kill her. She couldn't hide me, could she? There's nothing good about this. Not at all.

I turn around and give him a wry smile. "Surprise."

Tyler displays no outward signs of shock as his eyes meet mine and send a jolt down my spine. "I like surprises," he says with a grin.

I like surprises. I like flowers turning up at my door, I like birthday presents, and I like it when my best friend surprises me with a girls' weekend. I don't like surprises like this.

Not that Tyler isn't a nice surprise. He is. He's very pretty to look at. Okay, he's f**king incredible to look at. And touch. And taste. And think totally inappropriate thoughts about. He's a nice surprise when he doesn't come with an aura of danger and a grin that tugs at my addictive personality.

I mean, really. He has a dimple. Every girl likes to look at a guy with a dimple.

I slide my empty glass to Dayton and she fills it without speaking. First sign of addiction: rationalization of your actions. It's not okay for his grin to affect me just because of his dimple.

I drink the wine and set the glass down.

Aaron catches my eye. "I think I'm missing something."

"You and me both, brother," I mutter under my breath. Like, normality.

Dayton purses her lips to hold in her laughter, and I know she caught it.

"Aaron, honey, don't you and Ty have business to deal with?"

"Nope," Tyler answers. "All done at the office."

Dayton sets her jaw. "Are you sure you don't?" She gives them a look that would melt the Arctic.

"You know," Aaron replies, "I think I do have a contract for you to look over in the office."

He grabs Tyler's arm and steers him in the direction of his home office, and I watch as they disappear. Damn, Tyler has a nice butt.

I mean, what? No. Jesus, Liv.

Tyler glances back at me and smirks when he sees me watching him. I take a deep breath and look into my best friend's eyes. I shake my head, and worry reflects in her eyes.

"Twice? And now this?"

"Yep."

"Are you gonna be okay?" She grabs my hand.

The problem with best friends is that they know everything about you. Dayton knows everything about me, about every last one of my rotting skeletons I keep locked away in a foolproof safe.

But as she and Aaron discovered, skeletons don't stay buried for long.

She's seen me in my deepest, darkest moments, and I'm seeing the fear of that in her eyes now.

"I'm fine, okay? I'll be okay." I take a deep breath. "It's normal to think about someone and be attracted to them, especially when they look like that." My eyes cut to the door and her lips twitch. "But being attracted to someone doesn't mean it's anything more. It doesn't mean I'm addicted. It's just the...desire to be. It's the temptation to give in to it. But I'm stronger now and I won't."

"I just don't want to see you get hurt again. I don't want you to hurt." Her eyes are clear and honest. "He's not the kind of person you need, Liv. Trust me. You need someone soft and stable and calm. Tyler isn't that guy."

I know. I know that just from sex, and that's why he's dangerous. The problem is, I don't think someone soft and stable is what I need either.

What I need is wine, chocolate, and my vibrator.

But that isn't going to happen right now because the "contract" Aaron and Tyler went to look over was apparently a very short one. Now, Tyler's leaning against the counter in the corner of the kitchen, his arms folded across his chest. I don't want to look, but I do. I look at the way his T-shirt stretches over his shoulders and biceps and the way the material rises slightly where it should meet his jeans.

More than that, though... More than the way he looks and his alluring presence, it's the way he looks at me. Steadily. Certainly. Yet his gaze holds a spark of wanting I feel echoed in my own body.

I pull my eyes away from him at Aaron's cough. But Tyler doesn't do the same. He keeps staring at me.

"Dayton, we should leave for dinner now." Aaron's voice cuts through the silence. Unfortunately, he leaves the tension intact.

"Room for two more?" Tyler questions.

I snap my eyes to him. "I have plans."

"So cancel them."

"No." I tuck my hair behind my ear and watch for his reaction.

"I'm going to get ready," Dayton mutters, dragging Aaron behind her.

Tyler curves his lips and pushes off from the counter. "No? That's the first time I've heard that word from your mouth."

Asshole. "Now the answer is definitely no, you pig."

He rounds the bar and sits on the stool next to me, facing me. He leans in, pushing the boundaries of my personal space. "Come on, Liv. So we f**ked. We'll be seeing each other a lot over the next few months, so we may as well get over it now."

"Get over it? That would imply that it bothers me."

He takes a lock of my hair between his finger and thumb and lowers his voice. "So would the flush on your cheeks."

I bite the inside of my lip. "It's warm in here."

Tyler twirls my hair around his finger and half-grins, showing his dimple. "We have to get on for Dayton's sake. You wouldn't want to add to the pressure she's under by having her wonder if the maid of honor and best man are going to spend her day under a cloud of awkwardness, would you?"

"I can't believe you're using my best friend against me. You're a complete and utter jackass."

"Are you coming to dinner?"

"Against my better judgment." I slap his hand away from my hair. "But don't imagine that this is anything more than you wrongly manipulating me into it. So don't even think about trying to get inside my pants again, because it won't happen."

"We'll see." He twists around as I stand, and it takes everything I have not to slap his smug smirk off his face.

I put a hand on my hip and stare him down. "I mean it. Don't even touch me."

He stands and ignores me, grabbing my arm. With one swift movement, he spins me into him and holds me there. "Really? Because I think you'd like me to touch you very, very much."

I would. My arm is tingling where his hand is wrapped around it and my body is reacting to the hardness of his. But I won't let him know it. I won't push it.

I step back and yank my arm out of his grip. "And I think you're completely full of yourself."

Heels clicks against the floor. "Is everything okay?" Dayton asks softly.

I turn and look at her. Aaron is standing behind her, his hand on her back, staring at Tyler. Dayton's eyes are flicking between us.

"It's fine," I answer, grabbing my keys from the bar. "Let's go before I change my mind."

He watches me the whole time. Like he's a predator stalking his prey, his eyes are fixated on me. They follow my every move, studying me, evaluating me...memorizing me.

It's unnerving. But it's not uncomfortable. It's not a sinister look or even remotely bad. It's casual. Intense, but casual. No different than the way you watch the characters move across the stage at the theater.

If only there weren't something...something...in his gaze that set off a herd of butterflies in my stomach so strong that I can barely eat a thing. Most of my dinner is pushed around my plate, untouched except for the gentle prodding of my fork, and I don't bother with the pudding.

I won't eat it.

Aaron asks for the bill, and Dayton squeezes my hand under the table. "I forgot to ask you earlier. Can you come to the cake tasting with me tomorrow? Someone double-booked himself." Dayton's eyes slide to Aaron.

"I didn't double-book anything, sweetheart. I thought the tasting was at one o'clock, not four thirty."

She makes a disapproving sound. Do I want to go to a cake tasting? No.

"Liv?"

"Can't Tyler go?" I grind his name out.

"Photoshoot," he replies with a twist of his lips.

"My shift starts at five thirty tomorrow," I protest. "I can't be late."

"You won't be. I promise." She reassures me. "You'll be back to White Stag in plenty of time."

"White Stag?" Tyler interrupts. "You work behind a bar?"

I cut my eyes to him. "Yes. Believe it or not, sometimes taking your clothes off isn't a great way to earn a living."

"Word," Dayton mutters.

Tyler blinks at me. "You don't seem like a bar kind of girl."

"And you don't seem like an expensive-restaurant kind of guy, but you're sitting in one." I pull out my purse to pay my share of the bill, but Tyler beats me to it. "What are you doing?"

"I'm buying your dinner. What do you think I'm doing?"

I count out a few of his bills from the small dish and put them in front of him. "That would imply that this is a date."

His lips tug up on one side. "It can be."

"No, it can't be." I put my own money down. "Because no guy spends that much on dinner for a woman unless he's expecting to get laid after, and I already made my position on that very, very clear."

He raises his eyebrows and leans back in his chair. "So buy yourself dinner. That doesn't mean there's no chance of you getting laid tonight."

I zip my purse up calmly and stand, pulling it over my shoulder. "Some women can take care of themselves. That's why some clever bastard invented the vibrator."

Dayton muffles her laugh with her hand, and I look at her, keeping a straight face.

"Thanks for the invitation to join you for dinner, but I have to get back. Angus will be going crazy." I kiss her cheek. "Call me with the damn cake details, okay?"

"Of course. Thanks for accepting my dinner invitation." She winks, and my lips twitch.

Sometimes, it's hard to remember we're not still in high school. That's the great thing about a lifelong friendship - you never have to grow up around one another.

I say goodbye to Aaron, ignore Tyler, and make my way through the restaurant. I dig into my purse for my keys, berating myself for pointlessly zipping it up. Idiot. The host bids me goodbye, and I step onto the sidewalk, turning for the direction of the parking lot. Still digging for my keys. Fuck me, I need to buy a smaller purse.

I find my car in the parking lot and head toward it. My fingers brush the cold metal as I reach my car, but I'm grabbed and turned before I can get a grip on them.

"What the f**k!" I shriek, finding myself pinned against my car by another pair of hips and two strong hands.

"Shush," Tyler whispers. "You'll wake the dead."

I glare at him. "There are no graveyards near here. And what part of 'don't touch me' are you failing to understand?"

"The part in which you mean it, babe." He grins lopsidedly. Don't look at the dimple. Don't look at the dimple. Don't look at the... Oh, the dimple.

"Shall I try again? Don't. Touch. Me," I say, punctuating each word, making sure they're perfectly clear.

He presses his hips against mine harder and my body betrays my words as my clit throbs. Slowly, he pushes one of his legs between mine, and I bite down on my bottom lip.

"Oh, that part. Still not believing you." He releases one of my wrists and dives his hand into my hair. "It came to my attention during dinner that you're rather mouthy."

"I'm an independent woman. Being a sarcastic, mouthy bitch is an occupational hazard."

His laugh is low, and the way it shakes his body makes his thigh rub against my core. I bite my lip again. Holy crap.

"Ah, yes. The independent woman." Tyler drops his face and brushes a kiss against my jaw. "Vibrator and all."

My cheeks flush. Why, oh why, did I have to mention the vibrator?

He kisses his way down my jaw, his fingers flexing at both my wrist and the back of my head.

"Tyler, get the f**k off of me." Before I spontaneously combust because it's getting damn hot out here.

"Mouthy," he whispers.

He presses his lips to mine before I can do anything about it, and the action takes me totally by surprise. I gasp, opening my mouth, and he takes his opportunity. His tongue dives into my mouth and flicks against mine.

Against my better judgment, I kiss him back. It's impossible not to when I'm pinned beneath him and he's dominating my mouth so entirely. His thigh pressed against me is pushing the seam of my jeans against my clit, and like he knows, he shifts his leg.

He draws his tongue out of my mouth and kisses me normally with an odd mixture of force and softness. His lips are soft but his kiss is hard, and it makes for a heady combination that affects way more than just my f**king head.

"So it is possible to shut you up," he murmurs, kissing the corner of my lips.

I drop my free hand from his shirt. "It's possible, yes, but you won't like what happens if you try it again."

Tyler pulls back and cups my jaw. "Next time I try and shut you up, it won't be with my mouth. It'll be with my cock."

He releases me as suddenly as he grabbed me. A smug grin spreads across his handsome face as he walks backward and pulls some keys from his pocket. My heart pounds threateningly in my chest, and everywhere he touched me, I'm tingling.

Tingling with excitement, loss, wanting, I don't know.

"Still don't want me to touch you?" he calls just before he climbs into his Mercedes.

I'm not going to justify that with a response. Likely because I'll say the wrong thing, because right now, I very much want him to touch me.

I get into my own car and pull away, going in the opposite direction of him. Dining downtown means I'm only minutes from my apartment. Meaning there's only minutes of feeling that aching sensation in my lower stomach and my core before I can get rid of it.

I park and take the elevator upstairs. As I suspected, Angus stares at me angrily when I open the door. He jumps from the table and goes to sit by his food bowl with a loud meow.

"All right, all right." I slam the door, dump my purse, and grab him some biscuits. He meows again when I dump a load in his bowl. "Oh, f**k off, cat. I forgot to go to the store."

He turns his back on me.

Now if only it were that easy to get Tyler away from me.

4

Cake. There is cake everywhere. Every-fucking-where. Normal cake. Chocolate cake. Cheesecake. Red velvet cake. Ooh, Red velvet cake...

I suppose I shouldn't be surprised. We are in a bakery, after all, but just the sight of all the cake is making me feel a little sick. I haven't tasted a thing yet, but I'd bet I'll be ready to vomit pretty damn soon if the platter in front of me is anything to go by.

I eye it warily, and Dayton nudges me. "It's just cake."

"It's a lot of cake. I mean, how many different types of cake are there?"

She looks around the bakery. "A lot, evidently."

"Why do we have to try them all?" I pick up a chocolate cake sample and look at the label. "Chocolate fudge cake," I read. "Well, we both know what that tastes like."

She grabs my wrist before I can put it down. "Liv, humor me, please?"

I turn my face toward her. "Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha."

She tries for an annoyed look, but the twitch of her lips ruins it. "You're an idiot."

I shove the sample in my mouth with a bored look on my face. She laughs.

"Hey," I say when I've swallowed it. "That was good. Bit much for a wedding cake though."

Dayton rolls her eyes. "Try some normal cake." She hands me a bit, eating one herself. "No," she mumbles with her mouth full.

I agree. It tastes f**king awful. "Next."

"Yep." She takes the label.

"Great. Can we go now?"

"What? No. We're not done."

"But you just chose one!" I protest, looking at the clock.

"For a short list. I'm making Aaron come in next week. We need to pick the best ones." She glances at me slyly. "And I want to know why Tyler chased you out of the restaurant last night."

I grab some cake and eat it. Mmm, lemon. This is good.

"Nice try," Dayton laughs. "The last time I saw him move that quickly was because one of the models he slept with got a little attached."

"I have no idea why he chased me." It's kind of honest. I don't actually know why he came out after me. "But it's a waste of his time."

"Yeah, and I'm a virgin."

I snort. "Seriously. You just told me everything I need to know about him. He does no strings, full stop. I do no strings until I find someone who's strong enough to deal with my...quirky personality trait."

My best friend's lips curve. "Tyler's kind of intense."

"Kind of?" I raise my eyebrows. "I have no idea what he's doing. We don't really know each other." An image of his hands trailing up my thighs hits me. "Except physically. Physically, we're very well acquainted."

"Just...be careful. I know I said it yesterday, but I mean it. Tyler is a lot like Aaron. Maybe worse. If Ty wants something, he's not going to stop until he gets it."

"Translation," I say around a mouthful of cake. "If Tyler Stone wants me, I'm f**ked. Figuratively and literally."

She nods, chewing cake. "Ew. What is this?"

"Not on the list, that's what." I grab my purse. "I have to go to work. I'll call you soon."

I hang my coat in the back room and relieve Jeanie of her shift. She waves goodbye with a thankful expression, and I know instantly that Old Dill is in the bar.

Old Dill, or Dillon Bruce, is one of the loveliest old men I've ever met. When he's sober. When he's had a few ales, he turns into a humorous old letch with a roving eye over all the bar girls.

This happens on a regular basis, given that my boss is a bit of a pig who insists on only having young people behind his bar. Young girls bring in the guys and young guys bring in the girls.

Tonight, Jeanie has brought in Old Dill and kindly left him for me. And judging by the grin on his face, he's not totally hammered. Yet.

"Liv," he croons my name like he's a '50s singer. I've heard him on karaoke-Frank Sinatra he is not.

"Dill." I shoot him my best smile. "How are you this evening?"

"Better for seeing you, darlin'. Can I have another?" He waves his empty glass in front of me.

"Sure thing." I take the glass. "What are you having tonight? Phil's? Baxters?"

"Baxters, darlin'."

I place the glass under the tap and bring the handle down until his glass is full. "On your tab?" I question before handing it back.

Old Dill nods and I place it on the bar in front of him. I add the drink to his tab and turn to serve a young couple.

I hand them two glasses of wine, take the guy's bill, and turn to the till. I hear him send the girl to the table, and when I hand him his change, he leans across the bar.

"Excuse me. I was wondering if you could do me a favor."

"If I can," I respond.

"I, er," he stutters. "I'm planning on proposing to my girlfriend tonight."

"Congratulations." Ugh, please don't ask me to bring the ring in a champagne glass or something.

"Do you serve champagne?"

Fuck me. "We do."

"Could you bring a bottle of your finest over in around half an hour, please? If you add it to a tab, I'll pay before I leave."

I force a sweet smile. "Of course. I'd love to!"

"Thank you." He returns my smile gratefully and takes his change from my hand, returning to his girlfriend.

Old Dill chuckles. "Speaking of proposing. Still no ring on that finger?"

Here we go. I fill his glass again and put it in front of him. I swipe my card down the till and bring up his tab. "Nope, no ring."

One of the barstools scrapes at the other end of the bar and I half-glance in that direction. "I'll be with you in a moment," I call before turning back to Old Dill. "Gonna pay this tab any time soon? The boss will kick my ass if it isn't paid by the end of the week."

"I'll pay Saturday, darlin'. I promise. Friday is payday."

"So pay on Friday."

He laughs, my snarky tone skimming right over his head. "Pretty girl like you should have a ring on that finger."

"Keep it up and I'll think you're offering, Dill."

He laughs again and hands me a fifty. "Here. Take that off the bill."

I give him a sickly sweet smile. "Payday on Friday my ass. And I told you before, I'm single and I'm staying that way."

I take fifty off his tab and put the bill in the drawer of the cash register. Turning, I ask, "Sorry it took so long. What can I get you?"

"I'll have a Blow Job, please."

Every word is clipped and British, and I know before I look up that it's Tyler who's asking. The request causes goose pimples to coat my arms, and I meet his eyes. I lean against the bar and fold my arms across my chest.

"I bet you will," I reply. "Unfortunately, we don't serve cocktails at this bar. You'll have to go upstairs for that."

His rose-colored lips twitch. "Then I'll have whatever you've got."

"There are several things on offer tonight, but they might not be what you're looking for."

"I'm sure there's something in this bar I'm looking for." His eyes flash.

"Then you should probably look at the bar instead of the woman serving behind it."

The twitch in his lips pulls them into a full-fledged smirk. "I'll try, but I'm not promising anything."

"Oh, isn't that the problem," I mutter, turning to serve another person.

Tyler's eyes are on me the whole time, following every one of my movements as I pour three pints and hand them to the barely legal co-eds eyeing me up.

"Are you working all night?" one of them asks. He's built and leaning his elbow on the bar so his bicep flexes.

"I am," I smile at him flirtatiously.

He winks before turning away with his friends.

I hear a snort from my right and turn back to Tyler. "Have you decided what you'd like to drink tonight, sir?"

"Sir?" he murmurs, rubbing a thumb down his jaw. "Yes. I'll have bottle of Budweiser, please."

"Of course." I walk to the other end of the bar and bend down to grab a bottle from the fridge. I remove the bottle cap and place the bottle in front of Tyler. "Two eighty, please."

He hands me a five-dollar bill from between his fingers. I snatch it up, turn to the second till, swipe my card, and ring up his beer. I turn to hand him his change and his fingers brush mine as he takes it.

"Thank you," he says in a low voice.

I nudge the register drawer shut with my hip. "You're welcome." I leave him smiling into the top of his bottle and return to Dill. "Another?"

He nods, eyeing Tyler. "Who's that?"

"That's the thorn in my side," I quip, pulling down on the ale handle. "On the tab?"

Dill grunts a yes. "He bothering you, Liv darlin'?"

"Nah, not so much." I shrug a shoulder. "He's like one of those little flies you get in the summer. Gnats, is it? Like them, he just won't go away." I glance down the bar at Tyler and he grins.

"Bit of bug spray will get rid of those. Course, you'd need a baseball bat for a gnat the size of him."

"Dill, honey, if it wouldn't get me arrested, I would have done it before now." I rap my hand on the bar and glance at the clock. Crap. The about-to-be-engaged couple's champagne.

I spin and grab a bottle and two flutes. I carry them over to the table and set the glasses down. The girl looks at me with wide eyes, and I turn to the guy. He's wearing a shy smile.

"Would you like me to pop the cork, sir?"

"In a moment." He moves from his chair, and I step back.

Really? He's going to make me stand here in front of him and hold a bottle of f**king champagne while he proposes to her?

Oh, yep. He's on one knee. He is. Fantastic. Hello, Mr. Romance? I have a bar to tend to and customers to serve. Not to be rude, but could we hurry this up?

Seriously, though. A proposal in a bar. No dinner and they're both wearing Seahawks jerseys. It's not even football season.

"Pop the cork," Tyler whispers in my ear as he passes.

When I turn, he's heading for the men's room. Giving my attention back to the couple in front of me, I notice that the ring is on her finger and she's crying. Great. A crier. Everyone loves a crier.

"Congratulations," I smile, popping the cork and pouring them two glasses. I turn away before I'm subjected to that phony linking-arm thing people do.

Barely Legal Co-Ed approaches the bar again when I'm drying out the inside of a glass. "Can I get another?"

Resisting the urge to roll my eyes, I reply, "You sure can, honey. And for your friends?"

"If you don't mind."

Tyler takes his seat as I pour another three pints for Mr. Muscle over here. He watches us casually, but I can feel that there's more to his gaze than just general interest.

I put the pints down in front of the young guy and ring up his order. "Seventy thirty, please."

"There you go, gorgeous." He hands me a ten-dollar bill and I take it. "How often do you work here?"

"Most days," I reply vaguely. "How often do you come in here to pick up the bar staff?"

He laughs, but it does nothing for me, unlike Tyler's quiet chuckle at the other end of the bar that somehow seems louder.

"I'm Baz," College Guy says, holding out his hand for me to shake.

I put his change in his hand and lean forward. "I'm out of your league," I whisper, pulling back with a small smile.

He looks at me, amused, before grabbing all three pints and going back to his friends. Tyler's bottle is empty, so I grab it.

"Another?"

He pulls his eyes away from Baz and looks at me. "Yes," he answers in a clipped tone.

I raise my eyebrows and grab another. I place it back in front of him, and he grabs my wrist before I can move away.

"What did you say to that guy? When he told you his name?" Jealousy and annoyance flash in his eyes.

"I told him I'm the girl he's taking home later." I snatch my wrist with an innocent smile. "Two eighty, please."

He counts out the exact change and drops it on the bar, the sound clinking over the music. "Do you often go home with college kids who wank more often than they f**k?"

Wank. What a wonderful word.

"Why are you smiling?"

I lick my lips. "Wank. It's a very British word."

"I'm British, if you hadn't noticed."

"I noticed. Somewhere between you hooking my legs over your shoulders and pinning me against my car." I lean against the bar again. "Does it matter if I leave work with college guys?"

"You're free to leave with who you like. For now."

"For now? That sounds like someone planning to intervene in my lifestyle."

Tyler drinks his beer in one go and slides the bottle across the bar to me. "That sounds like someone who's meeting you from work with an offer you won't be able to resist."

"Sounds like someone's cocky."

He drops his eyes to my hips and back up. "You'd know, baby girl. You'd know."

My eyes follow him out of the bar and stare at the door for a minute after he's gone. My body is on red alert. An offer I won't be able to resist? I shouldn't even entertain the thought. I should snort derisively, go back to work, and leave without considering talking to Tyler Stone.

I should.

Should and will are different things.

5

I give the bar one last wipe-down and the door opens. "I'm sorry. We're closed for the night."

"College boy left then, I see." Tyler's voice slides smoothly through the empty bar and wraps around me.

"I'm out of his league." I discard the cloth and lean forward on the bar.

"And she finally admits what she actually said to him," he says with a smile, sitting on the stool in front of me.

"How do you know he didn't realize that after he f**ked me here?"

"Because you don't look like you've just been f**ked. You look like you're ready to be though."

I straighten. "What are you doing here, Tyler?"

"Aside from informing you that your skirt is too short for work, I'm here to talk to you."

"What could you possibly have to say to me that won't piss me off?"

"I talked to Dayton earlier. She chewed my ass out and told me to stay the f**k away from you. Naturally, I'm ignoring her."

"Naturally." I flick the light switches and cross to the door. "Do you mind? I need to lock up."

Wordlessly, he gets up and steps outside. I set the alarm and pull the door closed, sticking the key in the lock. I gasp when Tyler steps up behind me and slips his hand beneath the hem of my shirt, flattening it against my bare stomach.

"You're acting like what I have to say isn't important," he says into my ear. His breath washes over my neck like a warm caress, and I turn the key in the lock with all my strength.

"I don't particularly care what you have to say, Tyler." I step away from him. "If you don't mind, I'm tired and I'd like to go home."

"Fine. I'll follow you and we'll talk there."

"No, you won't. You're gonna sit your tight, little butt in your own f**king car and you're going to drive to your own place. We have nothing to talk about." I pull open my car door and pause before getting in. "Besides, I'm totally over it."

I drive away before he can reply and take the long way home. Hell, I don't want him following me. I still check the parking lot like a madwoman when I get back though. I have no doubt he could find out where I live if he really wanted to.

I'd be surprised if he didn't already know, but that would be crazy, because I get the impression that Tyler Stone doesn't hear the word 'no' very often. In fact, I don't think he's ever heard it.

Well, he's going to be hearing it a lot from me. Turning up at the place I work in, giving my customers the stink eye, and then attempting to seduce me after my shift with the pretense of talking? Hell yeah, he's gonna be hearing 'no' a f**king lot.

And that talking bullshit. I bet he wanted to talk-with his cock. Frankly, though, I prefer his c**k talking over his mouth talking. His c**k isn't capable of spouting complete and utter douchery.

I shiver as I unlock my apartment door. Thinking about his c**k isn't helping matters here. In fact, all it's doing is getting me worked up. It's not getting his arrogant ass out of my head or the tingle of his touch off my skin. It's making it worse.

I grab my phone to call Dayton, but 1:45 blinks back at me from the bright screen. Huh. Maybe calling her at almost two a.m. isn't a smart idea.

I blow out a long breath and glance at Angus curled on the sofa. I turn the key in the lock and head for my room, intent on calling my best friend in the morning.

"I don't have long." Dayton slides into the seat opposite me. "Tyler will kick my ass if I'm late for the shoot this afternoon."

The noise of the lunchtime rush in the coffee shop means that her voice is louder than normal, and I switch seats so I'm next to her instead of in front.

"So, this is kind of random," I start, "but how do you think Aaron would feel about getting a new best man?"

Dayton snorts into her coffee. "Oh god," she replies, her eyes wide and her hand covering her mouth. "What did he do this time? What did you do? Fuck, I don't even know who I'm supposed to blame. You're both so bad."

"Well, thanks." Nothing like the support of your best friend. "Nothing. Well, I did nothing. He turned up at work last night." I explain the evening and what he said to me.

She mulls it over for a moment, sipping her coffee. "Have you considered that maybe he really does want to talk? Mouth talk."

"Have you ever known him to talk to a woman? Especially after he's slept with her."

"Well, no. Of course, his sister's bridesmaid was an exception, but that's because Tessa would have hung his balls out to dry if he was a dick to her."

"Right. So why do you think he'd want to talk to me?"

"I'm thinking on that." She sips her coffee again. "Maybe he wants to take you on a date."

"Hell to the no." Panic jolts through my body. "I'm not going on a date with him. Ever. Dates are stringy."

Day rolls her eyes. "And so is some cheese, and there's nothing wrong with that."

"Tyler is not string cheese." And the oddest sentence award goes to that one.

"No, he's just the cheese."

"I'm not following."

Where did the cheese come from again?

"Not all cheese is good cheese. String cheese is good cheese. Maybe Tyler is string cheese before it turns into string cheese."

I blink at her. She's lost me. Totally. "Um, sure. But he's not my string cheese. I don't even like string cheese."

"Of course you don't. You don't appreciate good cheese."

"Can we stop saying cheese now?" I raise my eyebrows, and we both laugh. "I don't know why I called you. This conversation has gotten me nowhere," I sigh.

Dayton chews on her bottom lip. "Well, our conversations rarely go anywhere that makes sense. But to answer your original question-I assume it wasn't rhetorical-no, I don't think Aaron would be happy to choose a new best man." She smiles.

I sigh. "I was afraid you'd say that."

"And no, I'm not getting a new maid of honor. You two will just have to find some way to work together fully clothed." She stands and grabs her purse. "By the way, have you planned the bridal shower and bachelorette party yet?"

Fucking bridal shower and bachelorette party.

"Almost," I fib. "But you know I'm not telling you anything about them."

"That's what you say when you don't know yourself." She shoots me a triumphant smirk. "And don't forget. You promised me I could take some pictures of you for my school stuff this weekend."

Fuck.

"I didn't forget," I lie again.

Day merely smiles before stepping onto the sidewalk.

Right. That shoot I promised her. Surely that's not this weekend? I mean, I wouldn't have organized it for a weekend. Weekend is work, drink, and sex time. Not necessarily in that order.

I grab my cell and, after flipping straight to the calendar, see that she's right. Saturday, two o'clock, Dayton's photo thing. Dayton's photo thing? Get a load of my technical lingo. Sigh. I suppose there's no backing out of this, despite the fact I'll be working until three a.m. Saturday night.

Someone coughs in front of me and I look up. My mouth goes dry. "What the hell are you doing here?"

Tyler smirks, leaning back in his chair. "I've never left a beautiful woman sitting alone in a coffee shop."

"Oh, I believe you." I drop my phone into my purse. "Luckily for me, I was just leaving."

"Sit down, Olivia."

My eyes immediately narrow at the use of my full name. Only my mother uses my full name. "Call me by my proper name and I'll consider it."

He sighs like it's a hardship to repeat himself. I'll give him a f**king hardship. Being stalked by his ass is as hard as it gets.

"Sit down, Liv."

"You never said please."

His eyes meet mine, annoyance darkening them. "Are you this annoying normally or do you reserve it for me, babe?"

"Oh, I have a special brand of annoying I keep just for ass**les who won't leave me alone, babe." I slam my purse onto the table and sit down. "You have"-I glance at the clock on the wall-"approximately two minutes to explain to me what the hell you're doing here when not twelve hours ago I told you quite clearly that I have no desire to talk to you."

Tyler leans forward and rests his forearms on the table. I try not to look at his biceps. But come on. A girl only has so much willpower, and boy. He has niiiiice biceps.

"No desire to talk. Plenty to look though." The smirk on his face pisses me off.

"Are you this ass**le-ish to every girl you meet or should I consider myself special?" I throw his words back at him.

His smirk slowly transforms into a full grin that shows his dimple. "Oh, you're special. I f**ked you twice."

"Oh, yay. Do I get a gold star?"

"If you behave, I'll give you another orgasm."

"If you try it, I'll take a butter knife to your balls." I bend forward and smack my hand on the table. "Now talk."

"I would if it wasn't so f**king fun pissing you off." He covers my hand with his.

"Why are you here?" I ask, secretly liking the warmth of his palm over my fingers. Okay, I'm a hypocrite. "I thought you had a shoot this afternoon."

"Nothing Day can't handle herself. It's only for a pretty, little rich boy who thinks he can take over the world." He lifts my hand and examines each of my fingers slowly.

"Then she must be missing her model."

He meets my eyes, his dark ones glinting with amusement. "You have beautiful eyes."

I also have great tits and a pert ass thanks to endless squats, so kudos to him for noticing my eyes. Even if we did have to f**k twice first.

"I'd thank you if I thought you meant it." Not that he's getting off easily. I take my hand from his and rest it on my lap. "You still haven't told me while you're here and you passed your two minutes some five minutes ago, so I'm going. I have to get to work."

I get up and head for the door of the coffee shop, but he's quicker, and he pulls open the door for me. Any guy who opens a door for me makes me melt a little, even if the guy is Tyler.

"Thank you," I offer.

"You're welcome. Although it should be noted the only reason I held the door open was so I could stare at your ass as you walked through it."

And it's gone. "Prick."

He jogs to catch up with me as I angrily stalk down the sidewalk. Why didn't I drive to the coffee shop? Oh, yeah. My clever ass decided that driving when the sun is out is a stupid idea and I should embrace the early spring sun.

Not only is it colder than it was when I got to the coffee shop, but it's also starting to rain.

"Liv. Get in," Tyler orders, opening his car door.

I stubbornly hold my purse over my head. "I'm fine."

"It's about to piss it down. Get in the f**king car before I shove you in it and smack your arse for good measure."

I purse my lips. He just keeps on climbing the prick ladder, doesn't he? Never mind how much the thought of him smacking my ass thrills me.

I climb into his Mercedes with a heavy sigh. A forced, heavy sigh. No one can sigh when they're sitting in a car like this. Leather seats, different drive modes, built-in GPS, a high-end radio, a million and one buttons on the dashboard...

Holy shit. This car must cost more than I've ever earned in my life.

I'm not blind to the money the Stone family possesses. I know Tyler won't be taking over his parents' business, so I assumed he was no richer than the majority of Seattle. Apparently, I assumed wrong.

"You look exactly like Dayton did when she got in my old car for the first time," Tyler laughs.

"And how is that?" I turn to him. Damn, he's handsome when he laughs.

"Like you're afraid to touch anything. You can sit back, you know. The chair won't break, and neither will the seatbelt if you put it on."

"Shut up," I mutter, settling back. Just as I do, the sky opens, dropping big, fat raindrops onto the car. My mouth drops open, and I can feel Tyler staring at me.

"Now aren't you glad I offered you a ride?"

"You didn't offer as much as force." I turn my face to him and give him a small smile.

"True." His lips mirror the curve of mine. "Where are you going?" He turns the key and the engine roars to life.

"I already said. Work." I click my seatbelt into place, my eyes fixed on the dash as the GPS flickers to life and all the buttons light up. "What do these all do?"

"Drive modes, the radio... I don't have a bloody clue about the rest. I bought the car because it's nice, not because it has more buttons than a female body."

I roll my eyes. Of course a totally innocent question would end up with a mention of a female body or something sexual.

I don't reply, and the car fills with silence as we head toward White Stag. I'm too exhausted to be at work today, but the afternoon and early evening shift is easy. Five hours, and no rush until eight p.m., when everyone's done having dinner. Perfect.

My phone rings and I dig it out from my purse. My agent's name is glaring at me. "Hey."

"Liv! I'm so glad I caught you before your shift. I have news."

I shift. "Good or bad?"

"Good! I'm happy with your edited photos from your last shoot, and I've picked out my favorites for you to look over. Are you free on Monday? At two?"

I run over my shifts in my head. "Sure. I'm working at six then."

"Perfect. I'll pencil you in. It won't take long. I'd like to get them finalized and sent off." The shuffling of papers comes down the line. "And-oh! I have another shoot for you. What are you working over the next two weeks?"

"Um, I'm not sure. I can get the schedule before my shift starts today and let you know."

"That'd be great. It's not a huge shoot, but it'll be big enough that it could open a few doors. So I'll let you get to work and I'll see you on Monday. We'll discuss the shoot then, too."

A smile stretches across my face. "See you Monday. Thanks, Sheila!"

I hang up and drop the phone back into my purse. I love it when she calls with good news.

"Good news?" Tyler asks, pulling into the parking lot of the bar.

"Yes!" I unclip my belt and shift in my seat to face him. "I'm looking over my photos from, um, our shoot on Monday, and she has another lined up for me."

His lips curve at both sides, and he rests his arm on the top of the steering wheel. "They were incredible photos. I'm glad she insisted on picking her favorites because I never would have been able to."

I study his face for any sign of teasing, and finding none, I feel my cheeks flush. "Thank you."

"You're welcome." He reaches out and pushes some hair from my face. I smile and bend to grab my purse. "Liv?"

"Hmm?" I sit up straight.

His face moves toward mine before I can stop him, and the tantalizing brush of his lips against mine makes me freeze. His fingers, curved under my jaw, hold my face steady as he tastes every inch of my lips in a slow kiss that curls my insides.

I wrap my fingers around his neck as my body instinctively moves toward him despite the voice in my head telling me to stop. This is too gentle, too soft, too warm. But I can't stop. He has the control and he's exploring the curve of my mouth with a thousand deep kisses and light nibbles.

I drop my hand as he pulls away, breaking the contact, and look at him, dazed. He brushes his thumb over my cheek.

"You'll be late for work."

Work. Right. Yep.

I turn away from him and open my door, pausing for a moment to say, "Thanks for the ride," before I get out and slam it behind me.

But I still hear his, "You're welcome," reply as I run across the parking lot in the pouring rain.

I duck inside the back door and peer through to the bar. My lips feel swollen and achy from that kiss, and a hundred feelings are swirling throughout my body. Ones I don't want to feel. Ones I have no place feeling.

Ones that are f**king dangerous for me to feel.

My gaze sweeps across the bar, and for the first time in my life, I'm glad to see Old Dill with an empty pint glass.

6

I think my vibrator is broken.

It must be. I'm not willing to admit the alternative-that my orgasm is maybe a little broken.

At least I have my orgasm, I rationalize while pouring a cup of coffee. It's lackluster and the spark seems to have disappeared somewhat, but it's there. It's enough to get rid of the sexual frustration.

Of course, I know how to fix it. All I have to do is think about a certain British man and wheeee! There she is. But that is not a smart move.

I'm beginning to crave a man I barely know.

The sound of his voice, the brush of his fingertips across my palm, the darkness of his gaze. Every minute I spend with him only adds fuel to the fire. I'm wanting him in a way that's forbidden, if only by myself. I want him in a way that's oh so tempting.

Want and crave are different. Want is safe. You can be on a diet and want a chocolate bar, but it doesn't mean you'll give in. If you're on that diet and you crave a chocolate bar, you can bet your ass you'll have that chocolate. And when you crave, you'll rationalize it. You'll give yourself a thousand good reasons why it's okay to have that one little chocolate bar. It won't hurt. It's just one.

My body tingles with the very thought of having Tyler inside me once more. All it will take for the want to turn to a craving is perhaps something as simple as a single touch from him. Then I could have him, have his body, just one more time.

And I could rationalize that it'll be okay because one more time won't hurt. One more time of having his lips across my skin, my breast in his hand, his tongue across my clit, my hips tilted as he drives his c**k deep inside me... It wouldn't hurt.

But it would. It would sear into my skin. Burn me. Consume me. Possess me.

I know my limits. I know my boundaries. And Tyler Stone breaks every single one of them.

I sip my coffee slowly, absently scratching under Angus's chin. His purrs echo through my silent apartment, the low thrum of it relaxing to me.

What am I doing, really?

How can I realistically expect Tyler to stay away from me when I can't accomplish the same thing? How can I expect him not to touch me when I don't push him away? How can I expect him not to kiss me when, whenever he does, I respond as enthusiastically as he does?

"Oh, Angus. I need a vacation."

He meows and dips his head to rub it against my palm. I smooth the fur along his back.

"That wasn't a vacation. I was working. Then I went to see my parents. Yes, I know you're upset you didn't come, too." I pat his head. "I'll take you next time. I promise."

Talking to your cat: the first step to spinsterhood.

"Maybe we should get you a lady friend," I sigh.

He jumps from the counter and sidles over to the door. I open it and follow him downstairs. He nudges the main door with his head, and when I open that too, he rewards me by walking a figure eight around my feet before darting through the door.

A foot blocks my shutting it, and I look up, set for another argument with Tyler. But it's not him.

"Where's Lord Grumpyass off to?" Dayton asks, following me up the first flight of stairs.

"Gone to get him some," I mutter.

"Good. He needs it." She laughs. "Little shit."

There's no arguing with the truth. He really does need to get him some. A bit like his mama.

"What do you need me to do?" I ask when we reach my apartment.

Day takes her shiny, new camera from the bag and examines it before setting it gently on my kitchen table. "Your thing," she replies. "Can you wear that pink camisole? It looks good with your hair."

I roll my eyes. "Sure."

I leave her in the kitchen to play with her camera and head into my bedroom. The camisole in question is hanging in my closet, the powder-pink color my favorite shade. That's the only reason I bought this, really. The color.

I rifle through my "good panties" drawer and find the pair that matches. The lace is soft against my skin as I pull them up my legs, and a minute later, my br**sts are safely ensconced in the bra-top of the camisole. Just about.

Standing in front of the mirror, I give my boobs a jiggle and readjust the top. Aha. There we go.

Day is on the phone when I pad back into the kitchen, a white pair of stockings in one hand and a black pair in the other. "Uh-huh. Yes, I know... All right..." She points to the white pair. "I don't give a crap if you're my teacher, Tyler Stone. Talk to me like I'm one of your bitches and I'll have your balls for dinner."

I freeze, my leg bent in front of me and the stocking poised by my toes.

"That's what I thought... No, you can't come over... Because it's not your f**king shoot. That's why!"

"If he comes over here, my clothes are going back on!" I yell, dropping my leg and waving the stocking in her direction.

She smiles smugly. "See? ... Yes, she's totally naked... You think I'm lying? She has great tits. Real perky."

My mouth drops open, but the shock only lasts a minute before laughter bubbles in me. I grab a couch pillow and bury my face in it as she carries on.

"Really? You don't believe me?" she says through restrained laughter. "Uh-huh... Okay, I wasn't going to push it, but she's totally waxed... Mhmm."

My howl of laughter is, thankfully, swallowed by cushion. I should be embarrassed, but I'm not. Let's be honest-Tyler knows exactly what my pu**y looks like. And Dayton only knows because our waxes coincide.

"Oh, imagine that. I'll see you tonight. Bye, Ty." She drops her phone with a smug-ass grin. "Conveniently, he's unable to come and oversee this photoshoot. Something suddenly came up. Imagine that?" Her eyes twinkle.

I drop the pillow. "I know exactly what came up. Unfortunately for him, it's not up the right place."

I roll the stockings up my legs as she gets her giggles out and return to my bedroom. I open my closet doors and stare at the shoes.

"Is it a coincidence that you have pink heels that match this camisole?"

"Nope." I pull them out of the closet and dangle them from my fingers. "Lingerie and shoes in the same shade is never a coincidence." I pull the shoes on and stand, my hands on my hips. "All right. Tell me where you want me."

I pull the shoes on and stand, my hands on my hips. "Alright, tell me where you want me."

If she takes my photo one more time, her finger will fall off. Click. Click. Tap. Click. That's all I've heard for two hours now. And don't get me wrong. I've been at shoots longer than this, but I didn't get in until three thirty this morning. This is not what I want to be doing after a long-ass shift, especially not when I'm back there tonight.

"You have to have enough now."

"I do, but you're so pretty to photograph. You make my job real easy, Liv." She sighs and sets the camera down. "You're gonna help me finish this degree. I know it."

"Great. Can I get changed now?"

"One more." She raises her camera again and I pout exaggeratedly, leaning into her with one hand on my hip. She laughs, snapping the picture. "Okay, okay. I get it. Ms. Model is all tired out."

"Ms. Model has to go to work soon," I correct. "And she's hungry."

Dayton looks at the time on the clock on my nightstand. "Takeout?"

"Pizza?"

"Pepperoni?"

"Double."

And that right there is why we're best friends.

She leaves my room to call Dominos and I get changed, sadly this time into my work uniform. Or what passes for a uniform. Donny, my boss, doesn't care what we wear as long as our shirts are black and tight.

He's a bit of a pig, but he pays well, so I put up with it.

I grab my black flats and carry them through to the front room. Day is on the phone again, this time telling Aaron that she's having dinner with me and she doesn't care if he booked a table somewhere. The call lasts approximately thirty seconds before she hangs up with a triumphant, "I love you!"

She looks up, shrugs, and waggles her baby finger with a smile.

I don't doubt he's wrapped around that tight. She could talk steel into bending itself to her will.

I drop onto the sofa next to her and prop my feet up on the coffee table. "Can I see the pictures?"

"I didn't bring my laptop. Where's yours?"

I fish it out from the side of the sofa and start it up while she grabs her camera cable. She takes the laptop from me when she sits back down and plugs the camera in. We wait as they load onto the computer, staring at the little box in the middle of the screen.

The second they do, she double-clicks on the first one. We flick through them one by one, and she drags her favorites into a separate folder as we go. We're so engrossed that we almost miss the call from the pizza boy. I buzz him up and ignore the blatant way he stares at my boobs as I hand him the money.

"You're in there, girl." Dayton waggles her eyebrows.

I laugh. "Yeah, baby, I love them when they're about to graduate high school."

She snatches the pizza box from me and searches for the biggest piece like she always does. I'm not even bothered by it now. She's been doing it for fifteen years.

"Do you remember," she says around a mouth of pizza, "the time I dated that pizza boy?"

"I miss him. He got us free pizza all the time."

"And he got me a big tum." She pats her belly. "I dumped him because his free pizza was making me fat."

I laugh, looking at her flat stomach. Unfortunately, neither of us was blessed with those incredible genes that mean you can eat crap all day and stay slim. We both know we'll spend an extra hour working out tomorrow because of this pizza.

Before I know it, an hour has passed and I'm close to being late for work.

"Shit!"

"I'll drive you," Day says, packing her camera away.

"And how am I supposed to get home?"

"Call this number." She digs her hand in her purse and hands me a card. "It's Aaron's car service. Just tell them to charge it to his account under my name."

"Won't he care?"

She opens my door and turns back to me, her eyebrow arched. "Liv, he won't even notice."

"Must be nice," I mutter, following her out.

I collapse back onto my sofa. Pizza, a late night working, and the 30 Day Shred are not an ideal combination. In fact, they're not desirable. Not in the slightest.

My phone rings and I reach for it lazily, not moving from my slouched position. "Hello?" I groan into the receiver.

"Am I interrupting something?"

The British accent makes me sit up. I moan at the ache in my muscles. "Yes. You interrupted my post-workout collapse."

"Post-workout? Does that mean I'm talking to you and you're all sweaty?" His tone is suggestive, and I want to rip his face off through the phone.

"If I'm not sweaty, I'm not doing it right," I retort, swinging my legs around so my feet are on the floor. "Bypassing the question of how you got my number, why are you calling me?"

"Dayton wants me to invite you for lunch."

"Why can't she call me herself? Wait, why didn't she ask me yesterday when she was here?"

"She's run into the office with Aaron for some emergency, and it's an impromptu lunch."

"Impromptu? Right." I draw the word out. "And when exactly am I expected to be ready?"

"Right now."

Several taps at my door follow his words and my head twists in that direction so fast my neck cricks. "Are you f**king kidding me?"

Another knock.

I get up, keeping my phone attached to my ear, and pull my door open a crack. And stare into dark, amused eyes. "How the hell do you know where I live?"

He hangs up and pockets the phone. His lips twist to one side. "Aaron. Dayton told me to invite you to lunch. Aaron demanded I come get you."

I narrow my eyes as his flick over my face and slowly make their way down my body. Sean's door opens behind him and I find my neighbor's eyes over Tyler's shoulder despite being a few inches shorter.

Sean doesn't say a word. He just raises his eyebrows and gives me a thumbs-up as he makes his way downstairs.

"Are you done ogling me yet?" I snap, feeling my body heat beneath Tyler's gaze.

"Are you letting me in yet?"

I open the door wider and let him in. I can't believe that Aaron sent him to my apartment. I'm going to kick his rich little ass next time I see him. Hard.

Tyler looks around and kicks the door shut behind him. I shoot him a glare, but he's too busy nosing at the bookshelf in my living room to notice. He pulls one book off and reads the back of it.

"You actually read this stuff?" he asks, turning to me.

I snatch the book from him and put it back on the shelf. "That stuff is erotic romance."

"Erotic romance? More like p**n on a page."

"Or it's hot sex with an engrossing storyline, but whatever." I pause in the doorway. "I'm going to shower. And don't get any ideas," I add at the glint in his eyes. "There's a lock on the door."

I storm into the bathroom and lock the door behind me. I quickly start the shower and strip off, leaving my workout clothes in a heap on the floor.

Tyler Stone is in my house. And I'm naked.

Thankfully he's not. Hopefully he's not.

Crap. There are so many things wrong with this. Namely: Tyler Stone is in my house and I'm naked.

I step under the hot spray and cover my face with my hands. I need to take a few deep breaths because I'm starting to freak out like a f**king teenager about to go on her first date.

I wash myself quickly, pausing at the conditioner before deciding that it's worth being naked for a minute longer to get soft hair. I get out of the shower and reach for my-

Shit. I don't have a towel in here. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit.

My eyes frantically scan the room. There's always a towel lying discarded somewhere in this room, but for the first time ever, there isn't. All because I did laundry this morning. Damn laundry.

Crap. "Um, Tyler?" I call through the bathroom door. "Tyler!"

"What's wrong?" The door rattles as he leans against it or something.

"I, um, I forgot my towel."

He pauses. "You forgot your towel?"

"Yes, and now I'm getting cold, so could you get me one? Please?" I can't believe I'm asking this. Fuck my life.

"Where are they?"

"In the closet behind you. Second shelf." Oh, God. Please don't find the Hello Kitty one.

"Hello Kitty. Nice." He laughs.

"Can you just pass me the damn towel?"

"I would love to, baby girl, but I can't."

"Why not?"

"The door's still shut," he replies.

Oh, no. I didn't consider opening the door. "Okay. Don't look." Who the hell am I kidding? He's going to do his best to get an eyeful and then some.

I push the door open and, hiding behind it, slide my hand through the crack. He puts the towel in my hand and I snatch it through, slamming the door before wrapping myself in the pink towel.

I open the door again and come face to face with him. He's smirking, and he looks down at me without saying a word. If he feels half as awkward as I do, then, well... This is a really awkward situation.

A blush rises from my chest, flushing my neck and cheeks. "Excuse me," I say more confidently than I feel, stepping around him to the closet for a towel for my hair. I grab one from the closet and bend forward, flipping my hair over my head.

Tyler hisses in a sharp breath. "Liv," he growls. His fingers brush across my ass, and I realize that he can see everything under my towel when I'm like this.

Oh shit, indeed.

"Go and put some clothes on," he grinds out, his hand falling away.

I can still feel where his fingers touched me, where they burned into the bareness of my behind, and I take in a breath as heavy as his was. I quickly wrap my hair and straighten, running into my bedroom. I glance at him before I shut the door.

His eyes are fixed on me, and the heat flaring in them warns me of what will happen if I don't get dressed. It warns of touches and caresses and kisses and sucks. It warns of everything I dreamed of last night.

The door clicks shut. I lean against it, exhaling slowly with my eyes closed. I fist my towel. I can still feel his eyes boring into me through the wood. Almost like he's begging me to open the door and walk up to him.

But I can't. I won't. I can't and I won't because that'll only end one way.

I pull my underwear on under the towel, apparently still in teenage-girl mode, and grab some pants and a sweater. I get dressed in record time and chuck the towel on my bed. I tease my wet hair into a high, loose bun in front of my bedroom mirror and apply minimal makeup before stepping out of my room.

And back in. And back out. And back in.

I'm doing the f**king Hokey Pokey.

Finally settling on 'out,' I walk into the front room and stop when I see Tyler standing in front of my window, his fists clenched at his sides. I grab my keys from the table and the noise must notify him of my presence because he turns.

His eyes meet mine and stay there. Tension zings between us, tightening with every second of silence that passes. He steps forward, just one step, but it's enough to make me draw in a breath.

"We need to go," he rasps, walking past me in strong strides.

I stay where I am, my keys in my palm, and stare at him. I've never felt tension like this. Wanting like this. He yanks open my front door and turns to look at me.

He yanks open my front door and turns to look at me. "Liv. We need to go," he repeats, his voice just as husky. "Unless you want me to drag you back into your bedroom and remove those clothes, we need to f**king leave."

Those words flip a switch in my brain and I all but run past him and down the stairs. I hear his footsteps echo in the stairwell behind me as I reach the small lobby and burst outside. It's raining again, and no sooner have fat raindrops hit the top of my head than I'm pulled back inside by a strong arm around my stomach.

His body is hot against mine, his chest flush against my back, my ass curving against his erection. One of his hands is flat against my stomach, the other cupping my hip. He's holding me steady in place, but my chest is rising and falling with my labored breaths.

I want him to hold me here, but at the same time, I wish he'd let go.

Tyler runs his nose across the back of my neck, his breath hot against my skin. "Careful," he whispers. "You'll get wet."

"I'm not sure there'll be a different outcome if I stay inside," I breathe out, clasping my hands to my chest. Like having them there will slow my breathing and ease the steady yet strong pound of my heart.

He turns his face to the side of mine. "You smell incredible." His voice is a whisper again, so quiet I can barely hear it. "You're driving me crazy, Liv. I can't decide if I need to f**k you or stay away from you."

He releases me and wraps his jacket around my shoulders. I'm reeling from his words as I follow him silently to his car. Mostly from how alike his feelings are to mine, but also from how real they sound.

The way his voice cracked when he said "stay away." The shake in his voice when he told me that I'm driving him crazy. They're things that can't be faked or forced.

7

"Funny-looking f**king restaurant," I mutter, staring at the florist's sign. The windows are packed with different flower arrangements, from pastel colors to bright colors, from small bouquets to large, fancy baskets. "What kind of florist opens on a Sunday?"

"The kind of florist who wants my cousin's wedding under their belt," Tyler replies. "I was told to come here so you can help her decide flowers. Then we'll have lunch."

"I can help her decide? I'm sorry, but I'm starting to wonder if it's me or Aaron marrying Dayton!"

"Have you ever seen a guy pick flowers?"

"No, but if I keep having to plan his wedding, he'll be picking flowers out of his ass**le." I shrug off his jacket and storm from the car, spotting Aaron and Dayton inside.

Tyler grabs my hand and tugs me back. "Calm down, feisty. Aaron would likely f**k this crap up. Shit, I don't know the difference between a daisy and a f**king rose."

I snatch my hand back and glare at him. "Feisty? You think this is feisty? Do you want a bunch of flowers up your behind, too?"

"No, but if we're putting things in places they probably shouldn't be..."

I smack his arm. Hard. "And we're back to normal."

He laughs loudly, and I push open the door to the florist. Aaron and Dayton turn, and a grin spreads across my best friend's face.

"Oh, you found each other!" she says happily. "I was getting bored of waiting."

I glare at Aaron. "If you can count 'finding' as him turning up at my apartment, then yes, we found each other."

Aaron grins. "Sorry, Liv. We're on a schedule and we all know what happens with schedules when you're left to your own devices."

Would it be childish to poke my tongue out at him?

"Whatever. Although, if this planning-your-wedding thing happens much more, you should know that I'll be marrying Dayton this summer, not you." I put my purse on the chair next to hers. "Don't you know I have a bachelorette party to plan? And a bridal shower? And I still have to find a dress?"

Dayton looks at Tyler. "What did you do to her?"

"Nowhere near as much as I wanted to," he retorts. I spin to him, fire spitting from my eyes, but he laughs. "The Hello Kitty towel was a real turn-on."

"Oh, it'll turn you on when it's around your damn neck," I snap. "Now sit down, shut up, and let us get on with this."

I look at endless flowers with Dayton, and after an hour, the different kinds all seem to blend into one. The different shades of pink and off-white and cream and whatever-the-hell-I'm-looking-at mush into something that looks nothing like any color I've ever seen.

And I'm so done here.

"What about the lilies?" I ask desperately, pointing to some bright-pink ones.

"No. You won't be wearing bright pink. It washes you out."

"Thanks," I mutter, although it's true. "Well, can't they order in light pink?"

"I don't think I like the lilies."

"Okay. Gardenias?"

"Really, Liv?" She looks at me like I'm going nuts. "Do I look like a gardenia-carrying bride?"

I take a deep breath and turn to Aaron. "I suddenly understand why I'm the one seemingly planning your wedding."

His face breaks into a grin. "She's fun, correct?"

"About as fun as a nail through my foot."

"Is this why they get along?" Tyler questions. "Because they're both as fun as that."

I chew my bottom lip, deciding on turning away instead of responding to him. I'm already pissed off, and I know he's baiting me. It's almost as if pissing me off is his new hobby.

I don't approve of it.

"Do you think they know what they're doing?"

"Doubt it. They're winging it, Aaron. Especially Liv."

I ignore their quiet talking, giving my attention back to Dayton and her revolving door of flowers. Just when I think she's made a decision, she changes her mind. At least we're on a color - light-pink and white flowers. Hers will be accented by dark-pink flowers. Just not the lilies. Or gardenias. Or apparently anything in this store.

I sigh heavily, wondering when I can get out of here. Do I really have to do lunch? Can't I just, I don't know...go home and veg on the couch with a big bag of Cheetos or something?

"She's really had enough," I hear Aaron mutter.

"Of me or the flowers?" Tyler responds with a chuckle.

"Both."

"She just can't get over us. That's the problem, mate."

And with that, I snap.

"Excuse me a moment." I turn on my heel and stalk to the back of the store. That ass**le-I don't know who the hell he thinks he is. Where does he get off making me look like a fool in front of my best friend and her fiance?

She can't get over us. Ha! What bullshit. I think the only person who needs to get over it is him, because he's the one who keeps bringing it up. And the damn ass**le can take me from turned on to pissed off in the space of twenty minutes. Hell, if I gave him sixty seconds, he could probably do it in that, too.

Of course, the idea that I could go and cool off alone is totally f**king absurd because I can hear the prick behind me.

Tyler grabs my arm and tugs me into what looks like an office. He closes the door behind us and spins me into him. "You really are a feisty little thing, aren't you?"

"Fuck you, ass**le." I glare up at him, shaking his hand from my arm and stepping back.

"Damn, Liv. Why don't you tell me how you really feel?" he says with a smirk.

"Why? So it can go right over your egotistically enlarged head?"

"I might consider it for a moment. Actually, on second thought, you're right. I won't pay any attention."

"You are the most arrogant, self-entitled, patronizing bastard I've ever had the displeasure of meeting in my life," I hiss anyway. "And before you mention the pleasure, because you inevitably will, you should know the displeasure far outweighs the measly amount of pleasure you've given me."

Tyler's eyes darken, and he closes in on me, grabbing the back of my head and pulling me into him. His fingers thread through my hair and tug my head back so I'm looking at him. "Measly bit of pleasure? Didn't seem so small when you were screaming my name and begging for more."

"Clearly you've never watched When Harry Met Sally. That movie taught a woman everything she needs to know about faking it."

He presses his lips to mine in a crash of teeth and a tangle of tongue. He grips my hip and forcefully pulls me toward him, his grasp on my hair never easing as he sweeps his tongue through my mouth. The zinging tension of earlier is back, except this time it's worse and it's swirling around us and holding us together. Holding his mouth against mine, our bodies flush together.

My anger swiftly changes to desire at the feel of his teeth nibbling my bottom lip, and a whimper involuntarily leaves me when he pulls away.

"I don't believe for a second you fake it, Liv." He ghosts his nose along my jawline. "I can feel the realness of your reaction in your body. I saw it earlier-I felt it earlier. My fingers barely brushed your gorgeous arse and you moved away as if I'd run them along your pu**y. Your body responds to me whether you want it to or not, and it does it so clearly. So obviously."

"My body is a liar," I breathe when he lightly sucks on my earlobe.

"Much like you." His words are spoken again my skin with a gentle brush of his lips.

"My dislike of you is no lie, Tyler."

"Your body didn't get the memo, babe. Your body likes me. A f**king lot."

"My body is deluded."

He kisses down my neck to my pulse point, where he pauses and sucks lightly. I swallow my gasp. He slides his hand around to my ass and cups it, his fingers flexing against the material of my jeans before he brings his mouth back to my ear.

"Your body is smarter than you think."

"My body operates on base desire. I operate on common sense." Something which appears to be evading me right this second.

"Evidently. Your body has been responding to me all day, while your mouth has been fighting me." He kisses a slow, lazy path up my neck. "Why do you fight me, Liv? You should know it's pointless. You should know that, if I wanted to slip my hand down the back of these jeans and slide my fingers inside your pu**y, I would. And you know you wouldn't stop it."

Tyler's breath is warm against my lips, and he releases his grip on my hair, instead dropping his hand to my neck and curving his fingers around it.

I feel the truth of his words. Despite how annoyed I am at him, how he riles me, he's right. Our arguing is like an odd form of foreplay that affects us both.

But if he were to touch me now, I know I wouldn't stop it. I would be powerless to-because all I want to do is the exact same thing. Slide my hand down the front of his jeans and wrap my fingers around his bulging erection. I want to feel the velvety skin beneath my fingertips while I stroke him, and I want to taste the saltiness of him on my tongue.

Because, apparently, my base desire is the reason my common sense has done a runner.

"I can see it," he whispers, bringing his hand around to the front of my body, one finger crooked inside the waistband. "It's written all over your face, babe. You deny it all you like, but you know you want me."

He undoes the button and slips his hand down. He brushes across my clit through my panties, and I fist his shirt at his sides, my lips parting.

"That's why you're not stopping me."

"This is wrong," I protest lamely as he moves my panties to the side. "They're out there, waiting for us..."

"And I'm about to make you come all over my fingers, so they can wait a little longer."

The roughness of his voice combined with the pressure of him dipping two fingers inside me makes me gasp. I don't even try to swallow this one. His thumb finds my clit and he rubs in slow circles, in time with the movement of his fingers.

My hips move against him until I'm riding his hand, the deep, curved strokes of his fingers inside me pushing me close to an orgasm I don't want. If only out of principle. I don't want to come and prove everything he said to be true.

"Don't fight it, Liv. I don't care if we're in here for five seconds or for five minutes. Neither one of us is leaving this room until you've come, and my fingers definitely aren't leaving your gorgeous pu**y until you have." He brushes his lips across mine, his tongue flicking out at the seam of my mouth. "And believe me, I could stand here and wait for you to come all night."

It's there, right there, a tight ball of need and lust and desire just ready to unravel throughout my body.

"The longer you wait, the worse it'll be, and you and I both know you can't make a sound." He covers my mouth with his to swallow the moan that escapes me. "Like that." He pushes hard on my clit. "You definitely can't do that, or I might as well push you against this wall and f**k you because that's what everyone will be thinking we're doing anyway."

My body clenches at those words, at the mere thought of having him inside me again. I crave it like I crave the orgasm I'm denying myself.

Crave.

Want.

Need.

Like I can't fight anymore, like my mind gives in to the intense ache in my core, the ball unravels. Pleasure rushes through my body, right through to my fingertips and down to my toes. My legs shake, and it's only Tyler's arm snaking around my body that keeps me standing.

It's a rush, a whirlwind... A crazy realization that I might not be able to keep him away after all.

Tyler pulls his hand out of my jeans and pulls me close to him. "You didn't make a sound. Good girl."

"I can't f**king believe you just did that," I say shakily. I pull back from him and smack my hand against my forehead. "What the hell, Tyler? What the hell, Liv?" I finish to myself.

Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.

His dark eyes follow me as I walk to the door, burning into me. Branding me, almost.

"It was nothing you didn't want to happen."

"I did not want that to happen." I yank open the door.

"Did you ever say no?"

I look over my shoulder, slowly bringing my eyes up to meet his. "You are dangerous, Tyler Stone, and I don't do danger."

"On the contrary," he says, walking up behind me and brushing his fingers down my cheek. "I think you do. I think you crave danger and the risk that goes with it. It's in your eyes, babe. You're wild."

"You know nothing about me, so please don't stand there and pretend you do. And even if you are right and I am wild, what makes you think you can handle me?" I quirk my eyebrows and turn away from him, leaving him laughing quietly to himself.

He's hot on my heels when we return to the front of the store and find Dayton mulling over two different types of flowers. Tyler trails a fingertip from my shoulder blades to the top of my butt, making me shiver, and I catch his smirk as he steps to the side.

"Liv. Are you okay?"

I snap back to reality, tearing my eyes away from him and resting them on my best friend. "Y'know, I'm not feeling great. I'm going to head home and chill before work." I hug her briefly. "And make sure you go for the light pink for me. We do still have to get my dress, and you know I'm not hot with fuchsia."

She laughs as I wave goodbye to Aaron, ignoring Tyler completely.

"Tyler!" Dayton snaps as I step outside. "What did you do this time?"

"Nothing she didn't give back in bloody spades," he says briskly.

My eyes meet his briefly, and I flag down a cab and get in with him still watching me.

I think over what he said as we drive. He's right-I know he is-and it bugs the shit out of me. We've never had a real conversation that hasn't ended either physically or with me walking away because he's pissed me off. The fact he can see right through me unnerves me.

I am so safe, so careful, not to push my own buttons. I take every precaution so that I'm not tipped into the addictive part of my brain. So that I don't end up in a downward spiral when everything inevitably goes wrong and recreate my past mistake.

But he tears it all apart. With his constant appearing from nowhere, his smooth touches, and his blunt dirty talk, he rips into my safety wall and tugs at my addiction. With his unexplainable knowledge of my body and what I need, he unravels me.

Because he's so f**king right.

I do crave danger. I love the thrill of a risk. I adore the wild abandon that comes with them both, the freeing feeling of having no restraints, even if just for a minute.

I knew the second I laid eyes on Tyler Stone that he was a risk-he was a dangerous risk. He has all the makings of the perfect person for me to get addicted to. And my body, however stupidly, craves him. It wants him and it needs him and it desires every little thing he can give to me. Every ounce of pleasure, it wants it. If offered, my body will accept it and be consumed by it before I've had a chance to argue against it.

My body doesn't know addiction. It doesn't understand the dangerous pull. But it wants it.

Crave.

Want.

Need.

The three things I can't feel... The three things that are dangerous to me... The three things Tyler embodies.

The three things I feel myself being swamped with in a way I'm not so sure I can fight anymore.

8

My feet pound against the sidewalk as I jog toward Stone Advertising Headquarters for my meeting with my agent. The wind is biting but welcome. Each breeze smacks me in the face as I run into it as if it can knock sense into me.

I fight against the urge to take a deep breath as I round the corner and the imposing building comes into view. Since Aaron moved here to be with Dayton, the Seattle office has taken over the New York one as the lead one. It's always crazy busy with people constantly running in and out, dashing to elevators, and speaking into cellphones.

Again, I find myself thankful for the chill outside. It means I'm not sweaty as I work my way through the busy lobby in my yoga pants and new Nikes.

I take the elevator to the third floor, and the receptionist smiles at me.

"Take a seat, Miss Warren. I'll let Sheila know you're here."

"Thanks." That girl has an incredible memory. I swear I've never heard her call anyone by anything other than their name.

I flick through a Vogue magazine as I wait. Unfortunately, it's last month's, so the content isn't all that interesting. I've read it every time I've been here in the last three or so weeks. I put it back on the table next to my chair just as Clara steps out.

"Liv, Sheila will see you now." Her voice is cold and clinical, and I wonder why she's not in New York instead of Seattle. She has a little too much bitch for our smaller fashion industry.

I shoot her a sickly sweet smile that reeks of falseness and pass her.

Sheila's office is warm and comforting but staunchly professional at the same time. There are photos of her family on her desk, but the walls are lined with photos of her models on their best campaigns. There's one of me in the far corner from the swimwear shoot I did last summer.

I have to admit, it's one of my favorites, too. The swimsuit made my boobs look really, really good.

"Liv! Come in. Take a seat. Would you like a coffee?" Sheila looks up and sets her glasses on top of her head, carefully avoiding her bangs.

"A bottle of water would be great, thanks. I ran here," I explain unnecessarily.

"Of course, hon." She picks up her phone and asks Clara for a coffee and a bottled water. "First, we'll go over your pictures from your latest shoot. Then we'll discuss the possibility of the new one. Okay with you?"

"Sure." I wait as she pulls out a file and lays the photos out on her desk.

Clara comes in with our drinks and leaves without saying a word. Moody bitch.

We flick through the pictures one by one, creating three piles. Yes. No. Maybe. Looking at them this way, I almost believe Tyler when he said that he'd never be able to choose his favorites. It's hard enough for me and Sheila to do it.

Because, damn. Tyler Stone is a f**king good photographer.

I don't like many pictures of myself, but I like these. Somehow, through the awkwardness of seeing each other again and that raging sexual tension that basically had me wet the whole shoot, we somehow managed to get some incredible pictures.

After flicking through the 'maybe' pile, we pick four photos and add them to the 'yes' one. Satisfied, I take a long drink from my water while Sheila organizes the pictures.

"Right, this shoot. It's for Balfour, a new swimwear company. This is their first major campaign and they're using the advertising department to make a few waves. Now, if they select you and the first shoot goes well, there's the potential to become the face of the company."

My head spins-in a good way. "Okay. Where will the shoot be?"

"The first shoot, the test shoot, will be in a studio here in Seattle. Probably one of ours. If they like the test, then you'll go to California for the real one." She shuffles some papers and turns to her laptop. "Are you interested?"

Am I interested? Hell yes. "Absolutely. Will you send them images from last summer's shoot?"

Sheila nods once. "Yes, and a few studio lingerie shots. All your swimwear shoots are on location, so they need a feel for you in a studio. I'll put together a portfolio this week and mail you a copy at the weekend so you can look through it before I send it."

"Great."

We say our goodbyes and I leave her office, ignoring Clara on my way out. The chilly breeze is now a biting cold as clouds roll overhead, and the temperature seems even lower after coming out from the warmth of the building. Still, I pause just outside and whip my phone from my bra. The security guard gives me a funny look. I grin.

The pictures were great. Thank you,

I text to Tyler. Hey, he's an ass**le and he pisses me the hell off, but they were great. I can be nice to him if I want to be.

I told you they were incredible. I'm happy to stare at you in underwear if you want to repeat it.

And there goes my nice mood.

You're a prick.

I tuck my phone back inside my bra and run toward my apartment. Sometimes, I'm glad I live downtown. Friday and Saturday nights aren't those times, but on a Monday when it's about to rain, I'm definitely happy I do.

I pick up the pace when a few odd drops of rain fall on my face. Somehow, I make it back to my apartment block before it comes down full force. It pelts the windows as I make my way upstairs, forgoing the elevator in favor of fitness.

Yeah, you can bet your ass I'm having takeout tonight.

"Where have you been?" Sean walks into my apartment without knocking.

"Seriously? I could have been naked in here." I look at him from my position on the couch. And it's not a lie. Given my seriously erotic dream about a certain photographer last night that involved our mouths, certain parts of our bodies, and possibly a scarf and my bedposts, the temptation to be tucked up in bed with my vibrator-again-is almost overwhelming.

"Do you regularly watch TV naked, lying on the sofa, with one of your legs hooked over the back?"

"Perhaps I do." I swing my legs around and sit up, patting the space next to me. "What's in the bag?"

"A new pair of shoes."

"For me?"

"No, darling, I regularly bring myself home five-inch heels."

I gasp and reach for the bag. Sean shakes his head, holding it away from me.

Sean shakes his head, holding it away from me. "Do you have wine?"

"Seriously? You're bribing me?"

"Liv, these are one-thousand-dollar shoes. If you can't manage a glass of wine, then we're reevaluating our friendship, darling."

I roll my eyes and sigh, but my insides are buzzing with excitement. I love shoes. I love shoes like Dayton loves lingerie. They're my guilty pleasure-the one addiction I allow myself to indulge in. And Sean, being a sales assistant at Arabella's, the hottest shoe store in Seattle, adds to my indulgence whenever he can.

After all, he works in a female shoe store. Not even he can get away with those shoes. So last season's styles and samples at a huge discount come right my way.

I put two glasses of wine on the coffee table and sit down. "Gimmee gimmee gimmee!" I punctuate each word with a bounce.

Sean, the bastard, grabs his wine and sips it slowly, grinning before handing me the bag.

I dive into it the way a candy-deprived kid would attack Wonka's Nerds. And I gasp when I open the box. Oh my God. "Sean! These are new season Louboutins! How? Why? I mean, what?"

I twist the nude Lady Peep Sling Patent shoes around, staring at every inch of the gorgeous creation.

"Well, we had some discount. They seriously overstocked and the warehouse refused to take them back, so Fiona said we could use our end-of-line discount. Plus, I remembered I totally forgot your birthday because I was out of town. So this is a belated birthday present."

"My birthday was nine months ago."

"Eh, I forgot Christmas too."

True.

"I can't accept these," I say, never taking my eyes from them.

"I paid cost price, darling. They're yours."

"I owe you so much wine." I slip my foot in immediately and lift my leg in front of me. "Perfect fit! Oh, oh." I reach over and grab Sean's face, planting a huge smacker of a kiss on his cheek.

He flushes. "Well, yes." He grabs his wine and finishes it in one go just as there's a knock at my door.

I frown at Sean and take the shoe off, putting it back in the box. I pull my door open a crack and stop breathing when I see Tyler standing there. "What are you doing here?"

We haven't spoken for three days-haven't seen each other for four. It's been a long week-quiet, but long. I've almost got used to having his arrogant, ass**le-ish ways pissing me off. The days feel a little empty without it, if I'm honest.

"I need to talk to you," he replies gruffly, curling his fingers around my door. "Can I come in?"

"I have company."

Apparently that doesn't deter him because he shoves the door open anyway.

"Hey!" I cry as he passes me.

Sean's eyes flick between us, his eyebrows arching when his gaze settles on me. "I think I'll be going." A smile teases his lips as he stands.

"That's probably a good idea." I shoot a glare at Tyler. "Thank you for my shoes. They're gorgeous." I hug Sean tightly and kiss his cheek again. If only because something tells me it'll piss off Tyler.

"I'd say anytime, but I don't want you getting greedy." Sean grins sassily and backs out of my apartment. "Have fun." He closes the door behind him, leaving me face to face, and completely alone, with Tyler.

"Who was that?" Tyler questions.

"My neighbor," I reply dryly.

"He's a guy."

"No shit, Sherlock. You could give Cumberbatch a run for his money with those excellent skills of deduction." I snort.

Tyler picks up the shoe box. "A guy who's your neighbor and buys you Louboutins?"

I snatch the box from him, set it on the sofa, and glare at him. "And Sean's about as straight as a f**king Oreo, so I'm not sure what the problem is. I'm not even sure there should be a problem."

Angus jumps from his perch on the windowsill and hisses at Tyler. I rub my hand across my eyes, walk to the kitchen, and grab a can of food from the cupboard.

"Angus," I coo, tapping the can against his food bowl.

He prowls across the kitchen and dives in. Problem solved.

"You have a cat?"

"Obviously." I put my hands on my hips and turn to him. "What do you want?"

Tyler walks to me and cups my jaw, running his thumb across it. "To talk to you."

I smack his hand away. "You can do that over the phone. Or email. Or text."

"I don't have your email, and there's no guarantee your feisty arse will text me back."

I glare at him. "Talk. Now."

His chuckle is low, hitting me deep in my stomach. Damn.

"Okay. Should I start?" I raise my eyebrows. "Why are you here?"

"You intrigue me, Liv."

"Sounds like a pathetic excuse for a pick-up line to me."

"If I was going to use a chat-up line, I know for a fact that wouldn't work. It'd have to be something dirtier for you."

I refuse to blush. "Don't f**k around, Tyler. You're here for a reason. Now I want to know what it is."

He studies me for a long moment, his dark eyes flicking across my face and curving over my body. Then he steps forward, once again cupping my jaw, and speaks low. "You've driven me crazy ever since you walked into the photoshoot. I never planned to see you again after that f**king amazing night and couldn't believe you were there. And you were so f**king sexy," he murmurs, stepping closer to me. "You were so carefree and confident, like you belonged in front of a camera. In front of my camera. Everyone left and you didn't realize because you were so into what you were doing."

"It's not my job to call the end of a shoot. It's the photographer's."

"I know. But there you were, the woman who'd been the reason behind my hard-on for days, and then there you were in Aaron's apartment. I don't believe in fate, but that's a f**king coincidence if I've ever seen one."

"Or a bit of bad luck. Depending how you look at it. Personally, I think it's Fate's Big Fuck-Up."

He smiles, his thumb ghosting over my bottom lip. "Or good luck," he whispers, leaning in.

I put two fingers over his mouth. "We're not done talking."

He pulls my fingers away from his mouth and wraps his hand around the back of my neck, tugging me against him. "I want you, Liv. It's driving me f**king insane not having you. I thought if we didn't speak for a few days, if there was no contact whatsoever between us, that I could forget you. But I can't. I can still taste the sweetness of your kisses on my tongue. I can still f**king feel you clenching around my fingers as you moan into my mouth."

My heart pounds loudly.

"I want you so f**king much, babe, and I'm not taking no for an answer."

His lips have barely brushed mine before I push him away. Wants me? No. I don't do wanting. I don't-I can't-want a single person or have them want me.

"Yes, you are, because no is my answer." I walk around him into my living room, ignoring the desperate coiling of my stomach. "Please leave."

"Liv."

"Please. I want you to go."

Tyler grabs my hand and turns me around to face him. "I spoke to Dayton. She told me you don't do relationships."

My lips tug up on one side into a wry smile. "That's one way to put it."

"I'm not asking you for a compromise. I'm not asking you to be my f**king girlfriend." He leans in and runs his nose up my cheek. I breathe in his rich scent as he does and immediately berate myself.

This isn't what I'm supposed to be doing.

I'm supposed to be pushing his demanding, handsome, British ass away from me.

"Then what are you asking for? Because I don't understand." My voice is shaky, betraying the panic tightening my chest.

"I'm asking you for your body."

"I'm not a f**king booty call."

"And I won't treat you as such." He kisses my jaw, wrapping an arm around my waist. "I don't generally f**k people more than once. In fact, I don't think I ever have in my life. But you? Twice isn't enough. I want to f**k you and know you'll be there whenever I want you."

"That's a booty call," I snap. "This ridiculous conversation is just going around in circles." I push him away for the second time and make my way to the front door.

"No strings," he blurts when I open it.

My eyes cut to him. "What?"

"Shut the door."

I don't move.

"Shut the f**king door, Liv."

I still don't move. "I refuse to be one of your bitches."

"You won't be. You'll be my only bitch." He winks, coming up to me. He wrenches the door from my grip and slams it shut. "No strings," he repeats, turning to me. "An agreement, right now. I want you and I don't care how I get you. I just have to have you."

"No strings?" I say slowly. "Just... sex?"

"Yep."

"Sex can get stringy."

"Only if there's bondage involved."

"Will there be?"

"Do you want there to be?" He raises his eyebrows.

I fold my arms across my chest. "I'm not telling you all my secrets. You'll have to work them out for yourself."

He steps into me, pulling my arms from my body. "Is that a yes?"

"That's an I'm considering it."

"No strings. No obligations. You won't have to hang off my arm and look at me with doting eyes. We don't even tell anyone if that's what you want. This can be our secret." He runs his hands down my sides to my hips and pulls me against him. His mouth finds my jaw and travels along it, his next words mumbled against my skin. "You want this, Liv. You want this as much as I do. I can see it in your eyes."

I do. There's no denying that I want him. My body reacts to him instantaneously. To his looks, his words, his touches. It's like he knows exactly how to play me to get me where he wants me.

"There's a but," I say softly, resting my hands against his chest. "There's always, always a but."

"There's a very nice butt," he mutters, his hands curving around mine.

"Tyler."

He smirks. "Okay, there's a but. There will be no strings, but you have to do as I say. Always."

The smirk drops from his face, and I swallow at the intensity his eyes bore into mine with. "In bed?"

"Yes."

"What if I don't want to?"

"Then you can say no. When it comes to sex, I respect the word no." He pushes some hair from my face. "I just ask that you try."

"You want to control me?"

He lowers his face and kisses my jaw again. "No. I want to control your body. I want to make your heart pound and your body hum with pleasure. I want to make you lose your breath. I want to make your pu**y throb, and I want to know it's all because of me."

His lips move down my jaw in a series of gentle brushes until they find my own and take them softly. My fingers curl into his shirt as a thousand thoughts run through my head.

No strings as long as I do what he says.

That sounds like strings.

But it sounds exciting.

It sounds like sticky, sticky strings.

It sounds like temptation.

Oh, it sounds like everything my addictive personality could feed off.

It sounds like danger.

"Okay," I whisper between kisses.

"Okay?"

I'm completely disregarding the advice of my best friend. I'm ignoring her warnings and the little voice in the back of my head because my body speaks louder than my mind.

I have no idea what I'm getting myself into. I just know that, for some inexplicable reason, I crave this man.

"Okay."

9

His mouth closes over mine with a ferocity that wasn't there seconds ago. His kiss is probing, strong, forceful. I feel his touch everywhere, his hands sliding over my lower back and around my butt, his fingers dipping beneath the hem of my bed shorts.

I melt into him, my body molding against his. I'm on fire everywhere. It's a roaring flame of desire that flows through my veins with a sweet burn.

His skin is hot against my fingertips as they creep beneath his shirt. Hot and smooth. I run my fingers across his back, and he turns us in the direction of my bedroom. I tug him back, pulling him through the open door and shoving it shut behind him.

"Cat," I mutter.

Tyler laughs against my jaw, his mouth kissing a delicious trail down my neck. He nibbles and nips his way down to my shoulder and dips his tongue in the hollow area where my shoulder and neck connect. I shiver.

"Like that, hm?" he whispers, doing it again.

I shiver again, feeling wetness pool in my panties. My fingers trail around to his front and work the buttons on his shirt, bottom to top, until I can part the material. I gaze down his body, admiring his taut muscles.

My dream flashes back to me. I lean forward and flick my tongue against his chest, just above his nipple. His grip on me tightens, and when I do it again, this time licking his nipple, he grasps the bottom of my tank top and pulls it over my head.

After shrugging his shirt to the floor, he hooks a finger under my bra strap and pulls me closer that way. "She's already forgotten who's in control," he murmurs in a low voice, his eyes trailing over my br**sts.

"You were going a little slow," I tease.

Within seconds, my bra is unclasped and on the floor, leaving my br**sts free. Tyler takes one in each of his hands and pushes me back toward the wall. The coldness of it is a stark contrast to the heat pulsing through my veins, but it's nowhere near as jolting as his mouth covering my nipple.

I gasp. He rubs his tongue over it roughly, pebbling it, and does the same to the other one. Each flick of his tongue sends a bolt to my core that throbs in my clit. I clench my thighs together as he continues his assault on my ni**les, giving each one the same attention.

My knees buckle and he wraps one arm around my waist, bringing his mouth to my ear.

"And you've remembered," he rasps.

I can't say anything. I can barely swallow. My mouth is dry with anticipation, with waiting, with needing him.

"Take off your shorts," he says as he releases me. Obediently, I hook my fingers in the waistband and push them down. I move to step out of them, but he stops me with, "And now your knickers."

My panties follow my shorts. I'm standing here completely naked and exposed in front of him. He runs his dark, heated eyes down my body, leaving no place untouched by his searing gaze. His slow perusal of every inch of me only drives the lust inside, and by the time his eyes find mine again, my chest is heaving.

"Lie on your bed. Make sure your legs are bent."

I walk to the bed on shaky legs and lie back. Slowly, I pull my legs up, every part of me wanting to sit up and wrap my arms around them.

"Open them. Wide. I want to see all of you, Liv."

I shudder out a breath, pausing.

"I want to see what I'm doing to you."

I hear the clink of his belt and the swish of his jeans hitting the floor.

"Open them and you'll see what you're doing to me."

Like they're the magic words, I open my legs and glance up. He's standing in front of me. His hand is wrapped around his hard cock, perfectly still, and the sight is so erotic that my pu**y clenches.

He steps toward me and bends down, releasing his cock. He runs his hands down my thighs and his thumbs brush the tops of them on the inside. So close to my pu**y. So close. I close my eyes.

"Liv," he breathes, running his nose along the same path his thumbs have just taken. "You're so wet. I can see it. I could push my c**k into you right now and you'd take me easily, wouldn't you?"

My breathing speeds up. That's all I want right now. Him inside me. I'm done with foreplay.

"Wouldn't you?" he repeats, squeezing my ass tightly.

"Yes," I reply.

"Do you want me, Liv? Do you want my c**k inside your gorgeous cunt?" He pushes up the bed and leans over me. His erection brushes my clit when he dips his face and drags my bottom lip between his teeth.

"Yes," I whimper, pushing my hips against him. "Please," I whisper. "Please."

He positions himself close to me. "Condom." He grazes my lip again.

"Top drawer."

He leans over and grabs one. He rolls it on and pushes at my entrance. "Where were we?" he asks over kissing my neck.

I swallow my small moan. "You were about to f**k me."

He obliges, filling me with one swift thrust that makes me throw my head back and grip at his back. He moves inside me, his rhythm fast yet steady and controlled. Each thrust is like he was tailor-made it for my body. He hits the right spots every time, never easing up on his pressure.

He's deep inside me and tilting my hips for more. Or maybe I'm the one tilting my hips. I don't know anymore. All I'm aware of is the sweat slicking our bodies, our skin sliding together, my legs wrapped around his waist, his hardness inside my softness.

I'm aware of the slow build of pressure in my body.

"I love it when you come for me," he whispers in my ear. "I love watching you. Your cheeks flush and your eyes go glassy... They did that in the florist as you came all over my hand. I've been trying to get that image of you out of my head for days, but I can't."

I grip him tightly as the slow pressure speeds up.

"I want you to come for me now. I want to feel your tight pu**y squeezing my c**k as you scream into my ear. Because you're a screamer for me, aren't you?"

My answer is a long moan.

"How loud do you think you can scream, Liv? Shall we find out?"

He sits up and grabs my hips, holding them in place. He's still, deathly still, and I wonder if he'll ever be inside me again, and then, he is. In one swift, hard thrust, he's filling me and making me cry out. Making my back arch.

My hips never move. He keeps them steady as he pounds relentlessly into me. I fist the sheets and close my eyes as my body clenches. Every muscle is tight in anticipation. Every cry leaving my mouth is louder, higher, more desperate.

His thumb presses against my clit and the pleasure blinds me. For a moment, I'm in a place higher than Earth, floating somewhere in the sky. And I come back down with a crash. Tyler groans my name, bending back over me. I tremble beneath him, my orgasm still running rife through my body.

He lowers his mouth to mine and swallows my whimpers with his lips. Swollen and tender against him, I kiss him back, my fingers wrapping around his arms.

"Oh, Liv," he says into the kiss. "You've f**ked me, baby girl. Well and truly f**ked me."

He pulls out of me with one last brush of his lips across mine. I grab my sheet and cover my body with it as he gets dressed. He buttons his shirt and turns away, then stops, then turns back and kisses me firmly. The second he releases me, he opens my bedroom door and walks away.

His goodbye is the slamming of my apartment door.

There are several rules to a no-strings relationship.

No getting to know each other. No dinner dates. No casual kisses or touches in public. And absolutely no snuggling after sex.

I've always been okay with this. Even now, my rational mind says that I'm okay with the way Tyler up and left after. After all, this is what I want. It fulfills everything. There's no stickiness and my stupid and crazy desire for him can be sated.

Or I can attempt to sate it. I woke up more than once last night tangled in my sheets with a damning ache between my legs. My dreams were endless replays of last night, and his words seemed to echo through my dream world.

Even now, six hours after waking up, I can remember the dreams as vividly as I remember the real thing. Perhaps my dreams and my memory have merged into one, into something more intense and beyond reality.

Or perhaps I'm just thinking of that freakin' crazy orgasm again.

"Shit!" I knock my coffee mug off the counter and jump to the side to avoid the hot splash. Angus does what I assume is the cat version of a shriek and leaps up onto the table. The water is kind of close to the food bowl. "Sorry, buddy," I mutter, grabbing a cloth and throwing it on the puddle.

What a waste of good coffee.

I dump the cloth in the laundry basket in the bathroom and walk back through to the kitchen. I've never had a problem with no-strings relationships or the up-and-leave thing. With Ross, my "ex," it was a common thing. We'd see each other three or four times a week, have sex, then one of us would leave depending where we were.

We grabbed dinner maybe once or twice a month depending on our work hours. If I worked in the afternoon and didn't have time to eat before we met up, one of us would grab takeout. It was always prearranged and, in the end, half eaten. There's no fun in sitting with someone you don't know a lot about.

Of course, maybe if I'd gotten to know him, I would have realized he was f**king another girl at the same time. Not that I'd ever demanded monogamy; I'd simply-and stupidly-assumed we were only sleeping with each other. Needless to say, turning up at his apartment and finding him with his face between someone else's legs was a bit of a shock.

But it didn't hurt. It pissed me off, but it didn't hurt me. We weren't in a relationship. I didn't crave his touch or need him around. It truly was casual sex. My addiction never reared its ugly head. It never nudged at the back of my mind or tingled in my fingers when he was near.

Not the way it does with Tyler. I'm trying to convince myself that it's just sex. Casual. Fuck buddies. Wham, bam, thank you, ma'am. But I know it's more than that.

Whatever we have won't be the standard no-strings relationship. I'm kidding myself if I think that it will be, because there are already strings. Our lives are already intertwined through his cousin and my best friend. Our paths will cross on occasion, perhaps more than I'd like them to.

They're small strings. Tiny, microscopic strings no stronger than a spider's web, but they're there. And that's enough to scare me.

What I should do is text Tyler and tell him that I don't know what I was thinking. That a no-strings relationship will never work with us, because I love the strings. I hate them and I love them. They're my downfall, my temptation.

I should tell him that I'm in love with love, and that's why our matching outlooks on no-strings relationships will eventually fall apart. Eventually, I will want more than he can give.

Eventually, I will want all of him. Every little inch of his body and his mind will be needed by me. More than that, I'll want his heart and his soul. I'll crave it.

That fear, of needing someone so badly you're blinded by it, floods through my body. It's strong, all-encompassing, and I wrap my arms around myself. My hands are shaking.

I can see it. Of all my triggers, Tyler is my biggest one yet. He knows what I want in bed. He knows how to work my body, and as soon as I get addicted to that, the rest will follow. It'll follow in a wild burst of temptation and obsession that I won't be able to resist.

So I do what I should have done days ago, and I grab my phone, still trembling.

Last night was a mistake. I shouldn't have agreed with you. I'm sorry. I can't see you this way.

"Yeah, yeah." I put Old Dill's pint in front of him and hold out my hand. "Come on. Your tab is at the limit, and if you're to be believed, you got paid on Friday."

He grins, crow's-feet appearing by his eyes, and digs into his pocket. He pulls out his wallet and dumps two hundred dollars in twenties on the bar. "Here you go, darlin'. That'll keep Donny off your back."

"Thank you." I sweep the bills up and ring it up on the register. "Now you're clean again."

"Ready to start the next one," he chuckles, taking a long drink from his pint.

I roll my eyes and walk to the middle of the bar to serve the people waiting. Friday nights are always hell, especially around this time. Everyone's done with dinner and they've decided that, instead of staying in their pretty, little restaurant, they'll hit the bars.

The sudden rush eases off, leaving the bar blissfully empty. I hand a pair of college girls their bottle of wine and two glasses and they take a seat at the table in the corner. But they're not the only ones sitting there.

Through the rush, I didn't see him come in. I didn't see him walk in and take a seat in the corner, and I definitely haven't felt him watching me. He is though.

Tyler's dark eyes are fixed on me. His gaze is so intense, almost as if he thinks I'll disappear if he looks away. He wouldn't be wrong-I might just run out the back door when my shift is done. I'd have to be damn stupid to not know why he's here.

He's here because he'll ask me questions I don't want to answer. Questions I don't have to answer.

I think of that as I finish up the last hour of my shift. I f**k up more than once-overfilling a pint glass, dropping a wine glass, spilling cranberry juice over the bar. Like a f**king bartending newbie. Everything I can f**k up, I do. Plain and simple.

And it's because of him. Because he unnerves the crap out of me.

Rosie rests a hand on my shoulder and smiles. "I'll take it from here, Liv. Pete will be here in ten minutes. You go home."

"Thanks." I smile gratefully and walk into the storeroom. I make sure not to look at Tyler as I walk away.

I grab my coat and shrug it on, turning my hood the right way out and pulling it over my head. It could be pathetic trying to run, but right now, I don't care. I don't see it as weak or pathetic. I see running as knowing when shit is too much for you to deal with. That's strong, not weak.

"Nice try."

I stop and pull my hood around my face. And carry on walking toward my car.

"Are you just going to ignore me?"

I unlock my car and take a deep breath. "Actually, I was kind of hoping I could leave before you noticed. But yeah. Ignoring was plan B."

"I'm not sure whether I should be pissed off at you for trying to run or think you're f**king adorable for thinking you can."

"Go with both. It's a happy medium," I quip, pulling my car door open. I get in just as the passenger's side door opens and Tyler joins me. I sigh.

"So. Do you want to explain that text?"

"What text?" I feign ignorance.

He spins in his seat and pins me with his gaze. His angry gaze. "Don't f**k with me, Liv. I promised you exactly what you want-no motherfucking strings, and you agreed. And now you're f**kin' running from me like I've proposed."

I open my mouth to speak but close it again and look away.

"If you really don't want to see me that badly, then say it now and I'll get out of this car. The only time you'll see me will be if Bridezilla shoves us together and I'll keep my hands to myself. Just like you claimed to want once." He leans forward, his fingers creeping onto my seat. "But I don't think you know what you want, do you, baby girl?"

I want you to go. I want you to never touch me again.

I want you. I want your body over mine, hot and heavy. I want you to explain why you walked out last night without even a goodbye like I was nothing but a common whore.

"It's not that I don't want to," I say softly. "It's that I can't. There are things you don't know about me, Ty. Things that you wouldn't be able to deal with. Trust me when I say you staying away from me is for the best."

"How do you know I wouldn't be able to deal with it? Have you asked me?"

I tuck some hair behind my ear and glance at him from the side. "I don't need to ask. I can barely cope with my crap. In fact, you are the reason I can't. I wasn't lying when I said you're dangerous. I just failed to mention how dangerous you are for me."

He sighs gently, his eyes softening. "I'm not talking to you in your car. Drive to my place and we'll talk. Just talk, okay?" he adds when I open my mouth to protest.

"We've barely had a conversation that hasn't ended up with your tongue down my throat," I say dryly, starting the engine.

"I promise to behave." He reaches over and takes my hand. I immediately take it back, and he sighs again.

Hand-holding is stringy.

Although, mind you, this situation is about as f**king stringy as it gets.

I follow his directions to his place. He lives a few blocks from my apartment, but it's a much more expensive neighborhood than mine. Figures. I pause in the car when he gets out.

Do I really want to do this? Talk to him? I don't owe him anything. I don't owe him an explanation of who I am or why I am the way I am.

Tyler opens my door and looks down at me expectantly. "It's too late to run, Liv. You already had your chance to tell me to go, and you didn't. So now we're gonna talk."

Reluctantly, I put my hand in his and allow him to pull me from my car. I lock it and try to tug my hand from his grip. He holds me tighter, his fingers squeezing mine. Stuck holding his hand, I follow him silently past the doorman and into the building.

Marble floors. Floor-to-ceiling windows. Leather chairs.

I'm gonna place a bet that one of these apartments costs more than I'll ever earn. I'm so out of my depth here-this is like a whole other world.

He pulls me into the elevator after him. I half-expect him to push the button for the penthouse apartment, but he doesn't. He presses the button for the floor below. He catches me watching the pad and lightly squeezes my hand.

"I don't need a penthouse. I'm not a flashy bastard like my cousin."

My lips twitch. Yeah, Aaron is kind of flashy in an oddly discreet way. I know about that Ferrari. "No Ferrari for you, then?"

"No. I'd be too tempted to drive the bloody thing and no one in their right mind drives a 458 Italia. Unless they're on the Nurburgring or something."

"What's that?"

"A 458 Italia?" He raises his eyebrows.

"Yes, because I have no idea what that is." I roll my eyes. "No, the ring thing."

"Oh. It's a racetrack in Germany. Deadly. Crazy fast. I'll drive a 458 round there one day." He grins and it's so beautifully boyish, so mischievous, that my heart thumps loudly.

We step out from the elevator and Tyler digs in his pocket for his key. He unlocks his apartment and pulls me inside. Quicker than I can comprehend it, he slams the door, locks it, and pins me against it.

I take a deep breath, making my chest heave. He doesn't touch me. His forearms rest against the door on either side of my head and his hips hover just above mine. I still feel him-everywhere. His breath fanning across my lips. His thumbs flirting with my hair. His thigh brushing mine as he steps forward.

"You're not the only one hiding things, Liv. You're not the only one who thinks they're unable to hold down something for more than one night." He breathes the words over my mouth, his lips millimeters from mine. "I want to understand you. I want to know why you're pushing me away when it's not really what you want."

I blink at him. "What if I want to know yours, too?"

Tyler dips his head and kisses the tender spot below my ear. "I'll tell you mine if you promise to tell me yours," he whispers.

"You first?"

He nods, pulling his head back, and looks at me. "You promise?"

"I promise," I say on an exhale.

He pushes off the door and waves a hand over his shoulder for me to follow.

This whole conversation feels like something out of elementary school. Bargaining for what you want. Bribing. Promises.

Except, this time, the stakes are higher.

"Sit. Drink?" He pulls open his large fridge.

"Water, please. Driving," I remind him when he glances at me.

"One glass won't hurt you, Liv. And if you really don't want to drive, I'll call a car to take you home and bring you back in the morning to get your car."

"I-"

"Love to fight me on every little f**king thing," he finishes with a smirk. He hands me the wine, grabs a beer, and ushers me into his front room.

The brown, leather sofa curves around the corner of the room, and the glass coffee table in front of it has more than one mark on it. My lips quirk at the thought of him spilling something on it and wiping it with his hand, leaving the smears on the surface. There's even an empty cookie bag on the table.

I raise an eyebrow at him.

"So I need to tidy a little. I wasn't expecting company." He takes my glass and sets it on the table. "Sit down."

I ease myself down onto the plush sofa, but apparently I'm moving too slowly, because he grabs my waist and pulls me back. I shriek, clapping my hand over my mouth as I fall back onto the sofa. Tyler laughs, one of his arms still around me. I elbow him and smack his chest at the same time.

"You ass**le."

He grins. "It loosened you up, didn't it?"

"Yeah," I admit, pulling my legs up to my chest. "It did."

"So."

"So you said you'd go first. Tell me your secret, Tyler Stone."

"I'm a sex addict."

10

A sex addict?

Another addictive personality? Oh, f**king shit. Just when I thought this situation couldn't get worse, he admits that. And not just any addictive personality-one addicted to a physical act.

This cements in my mind that I can't see him. How can I? He's addicted to sex. I'm addicted to love. What a f**king hoo-haa.

I push away from him on the sofa, but this time, he doesn't grab me back. He keeps his eyes on mine and talks.

"I'm aware of it, and I accept it. It's not a problem for me-mostly. The problem isn't the addiction. It's what I want from sex. I want more than what one-night stands can give me, and I don't mean a relationship. I want someone who's not bothered about committing anything other than her body. I want-need-someone who can open herself to me and accept what I want. That I need more than just vanilla."

"Is that... Is that why you said what you said to me?" I swallow.

He nods. "You're fiery, Liv. I don't believe you're happy with good, old vanilla sex. At least not all the time."

My dream flashes in my mind again. He's right-if I were, I wouldn't be dreaming of him tying me to my bedpost with a scarf while he goes down on me. I wouldn't be dreaming of being blindfolded on my knees while I wrap my lips around his cock.

I reach out and grab the wine. My clit throbs at my thoughts. I take a long drink from the glass, somehow emptying it, and run my fingers through my hair.

"You'd be right," I say, my throat like sandpaper despite the wine. "But that's not the problem." I stand, walking over to the window. I push aside the dark curtain and stare out at the city.

"Then tell me what it is, babe. I'm f**ked if you don't. There's nothing I can do." He comes up behind me and rests his hands on the windowsill, blocking me in. "I told you. Now it's your turn."

I push his arm away and spin out of his grasp, once again running my fingers through my hair as I struggle to put the words together in a sentence that's oh so simple.

"What is the problem, Liv?"

I stop and close my eyes. "You're addicted to sex"-I open them again-"and I'm addicted to love."

He stops. Freezes. His eyes widen a tiny amount. Enough that I notice it.

"I'm addicted to love and people. I get addicted to the sounds of people's voices and the touches of their hands. I get addicted to their habits, their quirks. I am in love with love."

"How is that possible?"

I shrug. "If I knew, I wouldn't be addicted to it, would I? But that's it. That's why I sent the text. Because I cannot get addicted again. Not to someone like you," I whisper. "You're too dangerous. You're too tempting for me."

"What if I'm willing to take the risk? What if my addiction to sex is more an addiction to sex with you than sex in general?"

"It's not your risk to take!" My voice rises a few decibels. "It's not your mind or your heart it f**ks with. It's mine, and I'm the one who has to take the fallout. I did it once before. I won't do it again. I can't. I can't take that risk, no matter how much I want to. With you."

He strides across the room and cups my face. He presses his lips to mine in a heated kiss that swirls my insides. I grip his sweater, holding myself to him despite knowing that it's wrong.

"Feel that, baby girl? That's not a risk. It's a f**king certainty. You have no more power to stay away from me than I do you. Every day, every single day, I dream about you. About your body." He drops one hand to my neck and the other to my waist. "About running my hands over you, kissing your skin, watching you come under me. And more. So much more, Liv."

"What 'more'?" I ask against my better judgment. I want to know.

"Will it make a difference?"

"Yes. No. Maybe. I don't know."

He takes a deep breath and his nostrils flare. He rests his face alongside mine, his fingers twining in my hair, and turns his mouth into my ear. "I dream about your hands tied to your bed with your legs open and your pu**y bared to me. I dream about you on top of me, working my cock. I dream about you on your knees, your hands tied behind your back and my c**k in your mouth."

I draw in a sharp breath, my heart pounding ferociously. His words set my veins on fire, and I know it's not just blood pumping around my body. It's adrenaline and desire and pure, unadulterated lust.

"I dream about standing you in front of that mirror in your bedroom, flattening your hands against the wall, and f**king you from behind. I dream about smacking your arse then soothing it with my palm, and I dream about watching you watch yourself come."

I tilt my face to his, almost desperately, and take his mouth. This kiss, for once, is entirely driven by me. As if, somewhere in my mind, I can rationalize that one kiss will take away all the bad shit, the fact that we both have addictive personalities that are worlds apart. As if one kiss can make my mind up for me.

He gets me. He wants what I do. I don't want to be dominated-I'm not submissive enough for that-but that doesn't mean I don't want something a little spicier than normal sex. What Tyler just put into words, what he just described, is everything I want.

I want someone not afraid to tell me what they want, and I want someone not afraid to put those words into f**king action. I want someone real and raw who won't treat me like I'm a fragile, little doll in bed. I want someone like Tyler.

"Are you working tomorrow night?" he asks before kissing me hard.

"No," I whisper against him.

"Good." He cups my jaw, and the way his thumb slides along the curve of it forces me to open my eyes. He stares into them, his gaze full of heat and anticipation and promise. "Be ready at six p.m."

"Ready for what?"

His lips tug up on one side, his smirk sexy and dangerous, filled with promise. "Me."

I have butterflies. They're forceful, churning my stomach until I feel sick. I barely slept last night-my mind was full of contradictions over whether sticking this thing out with Tyler is the right thing to do. I went back and forward so many times that I'm pretty sure I have mental whiplash.

In the end, I decided that it's too late. I'm done. I already agreed to see him tonight. I can't back out for a second time. Besides, regardless of the numerous red flags waving like crazy in my mind, I want this.

And in the end, that's all it comes down to.

My phone buzzes from between the sofa cushions. I dig it out and pull up the text from Tyler.

I saw Day's pictures of you.

And?

And you should consider wearing that pink camisole tonight. And by consider, I mean put it on now.

And the stockings?

I'm not a fan of white. It's too innocent. Tan ones. With those nude Louboutins.

I smile at the screen. It soon drops from my face when I see the time. He told me to be ready for six p.m. It's five to six and I'm nowhere near ready. Shit.

I scramble up and run into my bedroom. I locate the camisole in my closet and pull it out, throwing it on my bed while I find some stockings. Damn, damn, damn... Where are they? I rifle through my underwear drawer, finding them tucked at the back. Flapping them to uncrease them, I drop them on the bed next to the camisole and strip off.

My buzzer goes and I run through my apartment and grab the phone. "Hello?"

"Hello, Miss Warren? I'm here to collect you on Tyler Stone's behalf."

He sent a car? I didn't agree to this shit. "Um, I wasn't aware he was sending anyone."

"It was a last-minute decision, ma'am. Are you ready?"

I look at my mismatched underwear and lack of stockings or shoes. Or dignity, really. "Give me a few minutes."

I hang up at his, "Of course," and run back to my bedroom. My phone vibrates next to me on the bed as I put the right panties on.

Don't be late, Liv.

Fuck off.

I grin as the message sends.

Bring a scarf...

Bring a scarf? His words from yesterday fill my mind-about tying me up-and my heart thumps. Shit. I feel a dampness between my legs at the thought and grab my long raincoat from the closet. I tuck a scarf into the pocket and smile.

He wants to play, I'll play.

Angus is curled on the sofa, asleep in a patch of weak sun, and a quick check of his bowl verifies that it's full of food. Well, there's a first.

I slip my feet into my new shoes and decide to take the elevator instead of the stairs. I mean, who wants to fall down the stairs in shoes as pretty as these? Not me.

When I step outside, a sleek, black car is waiting for me. The driver, who I presumably spoke to on the phone, gets out of the car and opens the back door for me.

"Miss Warren. My name is Allen. I'm Mr. Stone's driver whenever he requires our services."

"Please, call me Liv." I smile.

"Liv." He returns my smile and motions for me to get in.

I do, settling back into the plush, leather seat of the BMW. Even this car reeks of wealth-of privilege. Of more than I'm used to.

I mean, shit. I've only recently upgraded my 2001 Honda to a 2010 Audi. This car doesn't feel like it's ever been driven before.

Are you coming yet?

I swing my legs up onto the seat, cross them at the ankles, then snap a picture. I send it to him with a grin on my face.

Tease.

My grin widens. I tuck the phone into the pocket of my coat and sit upright again just as the car comes to a stop. Of course-I forgot that his apartment was so close to mine, even if they are miles apart in terms of value.

"Miss Warren." Allen opens the car door, and just as I swing around to get out, I hear his voice.

"Thank you, Allen. I'll take it from here."

It's smooth and sleek, his accent crawling over me. When I look up, it's into his eyes. Tyler takes my hand and tugs me up. I flatten my free hand against his chest and meet his eyes.

"Hi."

The car rumbles away behind us, and Tyler's lips quirk. "Hi." He pulls me into the building after him. My heels click against the marble floor as we walk, and he glances back at me more than once with heat in his eyes.

The elevator ride is suffocating. The walls seem to close in on us as we travel upward. Anticipation swirls of what's to come. Excitement buzzes across my skin, affecting my whole body until I can feel my pulse thrumming at my neck.

The doors open slowly. Too slowly. It seems like an hour passes until they're completely open, and I take a deep breath when we step out. My fingers tingle where they're wrapped in Tyler's, and I feel the loss immediately when we enter his apartment and he drops my hand.

He shrugs off his jacket and hangs it up. "I'll get you a drink," he murmurs, brushing his fingers across my cheek.

No need. I wait until he's disappeared into the kitchen and unbutton my raincoat. I hang it next to his on the peg and give my boobs a quick adjust in the cups of the camisole. I pause for a moment.

Do I wait here? Do I follow him? Ross never bothered with drinks. It was straight to the bedroom.

Okay, seriously? I'm standing in the apartment of a guy who demanded I bring a scarf so he can tie me up and I'm worrying about f**k-buddy etiquette. It doesn't get much crazier than that.

Silencing my train of thought, I whip the scarf out of my mac pocket and curl one end of it around my hand. The soft material slips against my skin, and I briefly wonder how effective it'll be at keeping my hands tied.

With that new, sexy thought in mind, I make my way to the kitchen and stop in the doorway. I lean against the doorframe and run my eyes over him. His gingham shirt is well-fitting, stretching across his shoulders and pulling in at his trim waist. The sleeves are rolled up and sitting just below his elbows, the material not generous enough to hide his biceps. I can even see the tightness of his ass beneath his Levi's.

"Here," he says, turning around.

Heat flares in his eyes when they find me, and his tongue flicks out across his lips, wetting them. His gaze crawls over me, taking in the obvious curve of my chest thanks to the push-up bra of my camisole. It slides over where the material parts at my stomach, leaving my skin bare, and hovers at my lace panties.

I run the scarf through my fingers, keeping my eyes on him, as his eyes glance down my legs and finish their perusal of my body. "You said wear the pink camisole. You never said anything about wearing clothes."

"You're correct," he says huskily, setting the wine down and walking toward me. "And you brought a scarf."

"What can I say? I'm good at following orders."

"Mmm." He takes my jaw between his thumb and forefingers and tilts my head up. His eyes are dark, seductive. "I like the sound of that."

His hand falls away, and I loop the scarf around his neck. "Most of the time, anyway," I whisper, pulling his face down to mine.

His lips are hot, and it takes him just seconds to take the kiss from a gentle brush to a thorough exploration with his tongue. Each stroke of his tongue against mine ignites a fire deep in my belly that spreads outwards to every one of my limbs.

Without breaking the kiss, Tyler takes the scarf from me and wraps it around my back. He runs it down my body, sliding across my back and over my butt. When it skims the top of my thighs, he pulls my hips toward him with a jerk. His erection pushes into my stomach, hard and ready, and I drop my hand to cup him over his jeans.

I squeeze him lightly and he groans into my mouth, pushing his hips into my hand. Quick as a flash, he grabs my hands and takes them away from his body, spinning me around.

"You appear to have a problem with remembering who's in control," he breathes into my ear, sucking lightly on the tender spot below it. "Do you need reminding again so soon?"

"No. I'm not one of your bitches, remember?"

He palms one of my butt cheeks and squeezes. Hard. I clench my jaw together.

"I told you, Liv. You're my only bitch now." There's a rumble of laughter in his husky tone. "You're so feisty. It's my favorite thing about you."

He releases my ass and takes both of my hands, setting them at the base of my back. I hold my breath when the scarf brushes against my wrists. Leisurely, like he has all the time in the world, he wraps the soft material around my wrists in a figure eight and knots it tightly.

My hands are bound, and I'm amazed how something so simple is leaving me vulnerable and open to him. But I'm not afraid-far from it.

I'm exhilarated. Excited.

"There." He pushes my hair to one side and presses a kiss to the back of my neck. "That should remind you who's in charge here."

"I still have a mouth," I whisper.

"And it will be put to very, very, very good use." He walks in front of me and traces my bottom lip with his thumb, his eyes on my mouth. "When I say so."

I part my lips and take his thumb into my mouth. I suck lightly and graze my teeth along the pad, watching as his pupils dilate. Yes, I can play the game, too.

He pulls his hand from my mouth, running his fingers down my neck. The tips of them ghost across my chest, barely touching me, and slide down my stomach, dipping at my navel. He pauses when they skim the top of my panties. His lips curve as he moves his hand lower and brushes my clit.

I stay standing despite the jolt of pleasure that sears through me. My pu**y aches with wanting him to go lower, beneath the lace, to touch me properly.

But he doesn't-he pulls his hand away and stands behind me again. He hooks two fingers through the scarf binding my wrist and pulls me backward. His body never touches me, only his fingers. I twist my head to see where we're going, but he stops me.

"Look forward."

I swallow. My body is alive-so alive-and I'm trembling with anticipation. He shuts a door and spins me around. My eyes fall on a king bed in the middle of the room, the dark sheets contrasting the lightness of the rest of the room.

I study the rest of the room, feeling Tyler's hot breath cascading down my neck the whole time. He steps forward, pressing his front against my back. His erection rubs against my hands, but the way he's tied them means I can't touch him, no matter how much I want to.

And I do. I want to.

He skims his hands down my sides to my hips. With a firm grasp on them, he brushes his nose against the inside of my thigh, prompting me to open my legs slightly. I can feel his breath on one thigh, his cheek on the other, and the nudge of his nose by my panties.

"You're so wet already. I can smell you. I can see it. There's a little damp patch on these panties." He pulls them down my legs and guides my feet out of them.

After taking back the same position, he urges me to open my legs wider. I do, thankful for his grip to balance me. My legs are trembling so hard that I don't think I could take a step without stumbling.

He touches his tongue to me, running it lightly over my opening. "You like having your wrists tied, babe?"

He licks me again and I let out a shuddery breath.

"Answer the question." He pulls back and nips my butt.

"Yes," I whisper.

"Good." He kisses the spot where he just bit me and soothes it with his tongue. The feeling is strange, but it's a nice one. It's close to erotic, especially when he traces his lips along the curve of it and finds my pu**y once more.

The strokes of his tongue are long and forceful. Every time the tip of it rubs against my clit, my breath stops, my heart pounds, my lips part. It's a fleeting feeling, lasting barely a second at a time, but it's the strongest one. It's the most intense and consuming, and I find myself tilting my hips back so he can access it more easily.

Tyler laughs against me, the sensation akin to vibration, and I moan. Wishing I could get my hands free, turn around, and fist his hair. Wishing I could hold him against me-

Until he brings his hand around to the front and presses two fingers against me at the same time that he dives his tongue inside me. It's sudden and unexpected and so f**king good. My fingers clamber for him as the first wave of pleasure racks my body. I'm almost fighting the restraint, needing to touch him, to hold him against me.

To make sure he doesn't stop what he's doing until I come explosively, coating his tongue with my juices.

And I do. When it hits, it hits. With only one hand free, Tyler can barely keep me upright. My legs are weak like Jell-O and my eyes burn with the pleasure.

There's something about his mouth on me and not being able to see him. I can't put my finger on it, but I've never come that hard through oral. Ever.

"You taste good," he says, giving me one last, long lick.

I shudder. My clit is so tender and swollen that the barest touch is arousing and intense. "I want to taste you."

"And you will. Just not right now." He stands and spins me by my hips. His eyes bore into mine, strong and steady and certain and full of arousal. If I couldn't tell it from his eyes, the bulge in his pants would tell me.

"What are you doing?" I ask as he pushes me back toward the bed. I sit on the edge, looking up at him.

Without answering, he undoes the buttons on his shirt and shrugs it off, leaving it to fall to a heap on the floor. But that's not what has my attention-not really. That's the nimble way his fingers undo his belt and jeans button.

My fingers twitch with wanting to do it for him. Especially when he eases his jeans and underwear down over his hips. His erection springs free, long and hard and gorgeous, and I lick my lips. My eyes are stuck on his cock, desire pooling deep inside me.

He walks forward, his hips level with my face, and wraps his hand around himself. Slowly, he strokes, and I draw in a long breath.

"You really want this? You really want to taste me?" He moves his hand up and down himself, his grip steady and certain. "You want my c**k in your mouth?"

I nod.

"Say please."

Bastard. "Please."

He steps forward again so the head of him is hovering right in front of me, teasing me, taunting me, and somehow, I know better than to move forward.

"Open your mouth," he rasps.

I've barely parted my lips when the end of his c**k nudges at my mouth. I open wider, letting him in. I can taste a drop of pr**cum on my tongue, salty and sweet at the same time. I swirl my tongue around him, feeling the velvety softness of his skin as I draw him deep into my mouth.

He hisses out a long breath when I suck so hard that my cheeks hollow. He pulls away forcefully, leaving me staring up at him openmouthed.

"I'd tell you to climb on the bed, but you can't," he mutters with amusement. He pushes me back and slides me up the bed, sitting me up when I'm in the center. He kneels behind me and puts his hands on my waist. "Kneel up."

I lift myself up and he moves forward. His knees are between mine-together, where mine are wide apart. He releases my waist and grabs the bottom of the camisole. He pulls it over my head in one swift, easy movement. My br**sts bounce free, settling in front of me.

One hand flattens on my stomach. "Back down. Slowly," he breathes into my back.

I close my eyes at the feel of his c**k nudging my opening. Yes. This is what I want. I want to feel him inside me, stretching me, filling me. And he does. Slowly, I lower down and he pushes up, our bodies meeting and fusing together.

Tyler moves my hips, guiding me up and down, his fingers digging into my skin. He doesn't move, leaving me riding him, taking him deeper and deeper every time until he's buried completely inside me.

My breathing quickens. I want to reach back and grab his hair, grab his head to steady myself. The fact that I can't intensifies this experience to an out-of-this-world standard. I feel the restraint everywhere. Somehow, by binding my hands this way, he's bound my whole body.

I can't do anything other than exactly what he wants me to.

Even on top of him, riding him hard, I'm not in control.

I haven't had any control at all. And I...like it.

"Do you trust me?" he whispers in my ear heavily.

"Yes," I reply on a quiet moan.

He stills my hips. One of his arms wraps around my shoulders and he kneels up-pushing me forward. He eases me down slowly until he's on his knees behind me and my shoulders and cheek are flat on his bed.

"You have a gorgeous arse," he mutters, taking one cheek in each hand. He drives into me with the same timing as he palms my ass.

He's deeper this way. Harder. Hotter. I can't push up. I can't push against him. I can't do anything except let him thrust into me. His movements increase in speed until I'm begging him to come, begging him to let me, begging him in incoherent sentences and breathy moans.

He grasps my hips yet again and slams into me, his skin slapping against mine, and I cry out loudly. Each of his movements now is fast and hard and relentless. The end goal-pleasure-is all that matters in this moment.

And in a swirling cloud of pressure and helplessness and heat, it consumes me. Body and soul, I give myself over to the intense high rushing through my veins and causing me to tremble.

When it subsides and I can think clearly again, I feel Tyler's forehead against my lower back. He reaches between us and undoes the scarf around my wrists. My arms fall limply to my sides, and I crawl them up the bed and under my head. My breathing is heavy and Tyler's is the same.

We're both totally spent, so we lie here, him still buried inside me, and catch our breath.

After a few minutes, he sits up and pulls out of me. "The bathroom is next door, if you want to use it."

I nod my head and push myself up. I pull off my heels, remembering that they're still on. My arms feel so weak, and it takes all my balance to not stumble as I walk into the white-and-blue bathroom.

I clean myself with some toilet paper and perch on the edge of the bath. A moment away, just one, is what I need. To center myself-something that doesn't feel possible.

11

"Stay."

"You know I can't."

"I have a spare room. Stay there."

"Don't." I hold my hand up to him. "Don't push this and make it more than what it is."

"Offering you a bed to sleep in for the night isn't turning it into something more," he replies, buttoning his jeans.

"It's barely eight o'clock. I think I'll be okay to go home."

Tyler stops in the middle of the front room and stares at me. "Fine. But I'm calling you a car."

"I would hope so." I snatch my panties from the floor and hold them up. "Because there isn't a chance in f**king hell I'm walking through the streets of Seattle with no panties on." I scrunch them into my fist, ready to put into my coat pocket.

A smirk stretches across his face. I raise my eyebrows, grab my heels, and stroll into the front room with them dangling from my fingers. I fetch my coat from the hall and tuck my panties inside the pocket before buttoning it up. It would be more than a little embarrassing if they fell out.

"That was the first time, wasn't it?"

"The first time for what?" I glance over my shoulder.

"You've been tied up."

"I wasn't exactly tied up. That would imply that I was tied to something, and I was only tied to myself."

"Stop avoiding the question, Olivia."

"Call me by my full name again and I'll..." I pause. "I'll think of something. I like your c**k too much to hurt it."

Tyler laughs loudly. It reverberates throughout my whole body with its deep richness, and I fight my shiver. Damn.

"Good to know," he manages through chuckles. "Answer the question, Liv."

I lean back against the wall and fold my arms across my chest. "Say please."

He pauses.

"You said you wanted to control my body. You've done that. Hell, honey, if you keep f**king me that way, you can control my body to Mars and back. But that's all you get. Don't even start to think you can control me."

"The thought never even crossed my mind." He steps in front of me.

"Good thing, too." I push at his chest. "Did you call for a car for me?"

"Are you going to answer my question?"

"Did you call for a car?" I smirk, folding my arms again.

Tyler sighs and picks up his phone. He speaks briefly into it, directing Allen to collect me from his apartment in five minutes.

"Happy?" he asks, setting the phone back down.

"Very." My smirk turns smug.

"Now," he says, his voice hardening, setting a hand on either side of me on the wall. "Please answer my question."

I blink a few times, drawing the moment out. For some reason, my lips don't want to follow my mind. They don't want to admit to him that, yes, it was the first time someone has ever tied me. But I force them to, and the word falls from my lips in a whisper.

"Yes." My eyes hit the floor-wanting and needing to look anywhere other than at him.

"But you've wanted it?"

I nod.

"Dreamed of it?"

The flush that rises in my cheeks is all he needs to know.

"Hey." He cups my face in his hands and lifts it so we're eye to eye. There's only a glimmer of lingering heat left in his gaze. It's overshadowed by certainty and honesty. "Don't look at the floor like you're ashamed of it. There's nothing to be ashamed of. Sex is sex, and spicing it up with a little light bondage is just like adding extra flavor to your chili."

"I just never found anyone who was even remotely into it before, so I never asked."

"Well now you've found me, and you can ask me as often as you like. In fact, I promise to tie you up every time you ask."

My face breaks into a grin, matching the one on his. "I'll be pissed if you don't."

"As long as you promise me you won't go home and be ashamed of it."

"Oh, I won't." I lower his hands from my face.

His phone rings. "Hello? ... Yes, okay... Thanks, Allen." He looks at me. "Allen's waiting downstairs for you."

"Okay." I walk to the door with him, and he tugs on a lock of my hair.

"So what are you going to do when you get home?"

Stringy. I raise an eyebrow. "I'm going to go home, have a hot bath, and crawl into bed." I shrug my coat on.

"Yeah?" He cups my jaw and turns my face to his. "Since you refuse to stay here, make sure you dream of me."

"Oh, I'm fairly certain I will."

"I look forward to hearing about it."

"What makes you think I'll be telling you anything about it at all?"

"What do you mean?"

I open his door and smile sexily over my shoulder. "Why, Tyler, honey. You're the one in control in the bedroom. So I guess my dreams will have to stay just that-dreams."

I close the door behind me on his hissed curse. That's what he gets for asking me to stay the night.

I hope he goes to bed with a raging f**king hard-on, wondering what I'm dreaming about.

Take that, you sexy son of a bitch.

"You could at least let me put clean panties on before you come barging in here like you own the place."

My best friend looks at me like I'm crazy. Well, maybe I am. I am wrapped in a Hello Kitty towel.

"By all means, Liv. Put some panties on. Never mind the rest of your damn clothes." She rolls her eyes and sits on my sofa. "Never mind that we have, like, ten bridal stores to scour today to find your dress."

"Okay, Bridezilla. The bridal stores will still be there in an hour. It's not like aliens are going to suddenly appear and beam them all up."

She shoots me the kind of look that would crumble diamond and I grin. Bitch doesn't bother me. I wiggle my fingers at her and prance into my bedroom. I'm just pulling a bra out of my drawer when she yells at me.

"I know you f**ked him last night!"

"Fucked who? My vibrator?"

"Tyler."

I snort. "Please tell me how you worked that out."

"You look freshly f**ked."

"I just got out of the shower. How can I look freshly f**ked?"

She appears in my doorway. It's a good thing she's seen me in my underwear a thousand times, because that's the sight she gets. At least she gave me a chance to put panties on.

"Your eyes are shiny. And you're smiling when you shouldn't be."

"You're full of bullshit."

"You smiled then." She sits on the bed, and I look in the mirror. No smile. Day grins triumphantly. "You slept with him, didn't you?"

"I plead the Fifth." I pull some jeans on.

"Olivia Jade Warren, you tell me right now."

"Really? You want to know about my sexcapades with someone who'll be your family in two and a half months?"

"Well, there's the truth I was hoping wasn't true." She sighs and leans back, hugging her knees.

I roll my eyes. "Relax, Mom. I'm a big girl now. I think I know what I'm doing."

"I know you know what you're doing, sweetie, but I don't think you're actually thinking."

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?" I shove a sweater over my head and glare at her.

"You've already admitted that Tyler sets your alarm bells ringing. What if...you know. You get addicted and then-"

"History is history for a reason," I snap, cutting her off and grabbing my hairdryer. "It's so people learn from mistakes made before. Believe me, I have no inclination to repeat that mistake."

I turn the dryer on, effectively ending our conversation, and ignore the way she's staring at me through the mirror. I don't want to go back to the past-I don't want to think about the extreme my addiction to someone led me to. It's a dark place.

Teenage love and a real addiction aren't two things that mesh well. Or of course, you could say they go hand in hand... If you like your hand-holding destructive and potentially life threatening.

Eighteen-year-old me and twenty-five-year-old me are worlds apart. I'm strong where she was weak. I'm sassy, confident, determined. She was quiet, shy, reluctant.

Seven years is a long time to grow up. Seven years is a long time to grasp a handle on something that was once out of control. On something that could have destroyed more than just my heart.

I set the hairdryer down, banishing those thoughts from my mind. There are reasons I don't think about those months, and the vulnerability is one of them. Thinking about them opens me up and scares me. One day, I'll have to remember that bullshit and truly accept my own stupidity before I can move on.

Right now, though, I'm more than happy to move under and over. Preferably another person.

"Okay," I say, breaking the tense silence. I screw the top back on my mascara. "I'm ready. Where are we going first?"

"Seraphina Bridal," Dayton replies without missing a beat. Our previous conversation is tucked away. Both of us know better than to push each other on sensitive subjects.

"Then let's go." I give Angus a scratch on the head and follow Day down to the parking lot. Her annoyingly clean, white BMW stands out from the myriad of dirty cars around her, and I see her cast a glance at mine.

"Baby needs a clean." She gets in her car, and I pull open the passenger's side door.

"You know," I say, sitting in the car, "your car would look really good with some mud on it."

"Dirty my car, Liv, and I'll dirty your ass."

I laugh as she pulls out. The easiness is back, even if she is dragging me to ten stores.

I mean, don't get me wrong. I'm all for dress shopping-finding her dress was the single best day out of all of this planning crap-but I can't help but feel that ten stores is a little excessive. I'll probably find one in three.

We arrive at Seraphina Bridal and enter the store. My eyes are assaulted by a range of puffy, white marshmallow wedding dresses and bridesmaid dresses that resemble a stick of cotton candy. A quick look tells us that this is a no-go.

We leave as quickly as we came and move on to the next. By the time we reach the fourth store, I haven't tried a single thing on. None of them seem right. They're too short, too blocky, the neckline isn't right, the skirt cut is wrong... I'm starting to think that ten stores isn't all that ridiculous.

Thankfully, this store looks more promising. I immediately zone in on a floor-length, mermaid-style dress. The pale pink is the perfect shade and the bow that sits beneath the bust isn't too much. It's simple and elegant.

"Try it," Dayton squeals.

I've never heard her squeal in my whole life. This wedding thing is, quite frankly, making me a little scared of her. One minute, she's Bridezilla. The next, she's all excited bride-to-be. It's giving me a headache.

Good thing I love the panties off her.

I slink into the dress in the fitting room. Reaching around, I tug the zipper up halfway, but past that, it won't budge. "Can you zip me up?"

She pushes open the door and gasps. "Oh, Liv! It's perfect."

"Yeah, yeah. Can you zip me up now?"

She rolls her eyes but pulls the zipper up to the top. She's right. It's perfect. It needs taking up an inch at the bottom and pulling in at the waist, but those things are easily altered.

"This one. This one!" She claps her hands and grabs the tag. She winces but shrugs a shoulder and undoes the zipper.

"You winced." Gold star for stating the obvious, Liv.

"I'm still adjusting to Aaron's...ease of spending," she says uncertainly.

"We don't have to get this dress." I grab the price tag. Two thousand dollars? Holy shit! "Okay, we definitely don't have to get this dress."

"No, we do." She sighs. "Aside from the fact this dress is f**king perfect for you, I was given a preapproved list of wedding boutiques." She purses her lips.

A bubble of laughter bursts from me. "Are you kidding me?"

"I wish. He gave me six stores to find you a bridesmaid dress. I added the other four. He said, and I quote, 'Baby, I don't give a shit how much you spend on a f**king bridesmaid dress. What matters to me is that you have the wedding you've always dreamed of-regardless of the cost. So go to these stores and shop up a storm with Liv. And don't come back until you have the whole f**king thing sorted out.'"

"That's adorable in a demanding kind of way."

She scowls. "And then he added, 'And book a wax while you're out.'"

She leaves me in the fitting room to get dressed again. I laugh into my hands. I can't think of anyone better for Dayton than Aaron. Then again, they were always made for each other. Put two strong-willed people together and sparks will fly.

A bit like me and Tyler.

Except our sparks are very, very sexual.

I join her at the counter as she buys the dress. Since her dress is being handmade in Paris, she's getting it delivered to her apartment. Then she is forwarding the package onto a seamstress for fittings.

Why the hell she can't just give it to the seamstress in the first place, I don't know.

"You found one then."

I turn at Tyler's voice. "You're like a little jack-in-the-box, aren't you? Just keep on f**king popping up."

He laughs. "Aaron asked me to see if you were sticking to his list." He looks at Dayton and raises and eyebrow. "And believe me, next time I'm going to tell him what to do with his list. This is the fifth bloody store I've been in."

"Tell my darling fiance I've stuck to his list and, if he doesn't believe me, to check with his accountant." Dayton smiles at him sweetly. "And also inform him I'm going to get the wax he requested, and I'm taking Liv with me. Right after we go lingerie shopping."

We're going lingerie shopping?

"You're going lingerie shopping?" Tyler's question might be directed at Dayton, but his eyes are on me.

"Did I or did I not just say that, Tyler?" She sighs. "Now, if you don't mind, we're going. I've had quite enough of you Stone men for the afternoon."

I chew my lip to hide my smile. Tyler follows us from the store, and as Dayton gets in her car, he tucks something in my back pocket.

"Make sure it's blue."

I spin around to ask him what the hell he means by that, but he's already halfway down the street and getting into his car. I dig my hand into my back pocket and pull out two fifties.

He just gave me money to buy lingerie. In the middle of downtown Seattle.

I get in the car, the money still in my hand.

Dayton glances at it. "Did he just give you that to buy lingerie?"

"Blue lingerie, if you want to be specific." My jaw tightens.

"Wait. You're not dating."

"Correct."

"So why is he giving you money for underwear?"

"That's a very good question." I tuck it inside my purse-in the back lining. There isn't a chance in hell I'm spending his money on lingerie.

I'm all for him requesting what I wear. I'm all for him being completely specific. If he's going to f**k me within an hour.

This, however, crosses a line for me. I'm not his girlfriend. I'm, in his words, his bitch. And that doesn't give him the right to shove two fifty-dollar bills in my back pocket and demand I buy blue lingerie.

You know what? I think I feel like white underwear today.

I'm sore.

The skin above my vagina feels like it's been massaged with sandpaper. And don't even get me started on the skin by my butt. Goddamn stupid waxes.

I'd give it up if it didn't make it nice down there.

I open the Victoria's Secret bag lying on my bed and pull out the white bra, thong, and suspender belt set. A smile, not quite nice and not quite bitchy, stretches across my face. I strip off my clothes and shimmy into the set, adding the white stockings I wore for the shoot with Dayton.

He already said that he hates white. He's about to see me in head-to-toe white.

I stand in front of my mirror and snap a picture. Adding it to a text message, I type, Lingerie shopping was a success.

I drop my phone facedown and change again, this time into sweatpants and a tank top. The heating is on high in the apartment, so despite the rain and cold winds currently battering my windows, I can pretend I'm in the Bahamas if I close my eyes and try hard enough.

White? is Tyler's response.

I assumed I was spending your money on blue. Since I didn't spend your money, I got white.

Why didn't you spend my money?

Because we weren't in bed.

What difference does that make?

Last I knew, your control doesn't stretch to outside Bria's Bridal Boutique in downtown Seattle. Prick.

My phone is quiet after that. I get Angus some food and a scratch on the head-to which I'm rewarded with a rumbly purr-and make myself a mug of hot chocolate. With marshmallows and cream, because I'm in that kind of annoyed mood.

I settle on the couch with my mug and switch The Big Bang Theory on. When it's raining outside and men are being ass**les, you just need a bit of Sheldon in your life. If only to remind you that even geeks can be a bit of a dick now and then.

When the episode finishes, I decide that I'm not quite geeked out and put the DVD box set on. I'm on episode four, with Angus lying on my stomach, asleep, when my buzzer goes. I have half a mind to ignore it, but I don't.

I deposit my now-grumpy cat onto the sofa and pick up the phone. "Uh, hello?"

"Delivery for Miss Olivia Warren?"

I'm not waiting for anything... "Come on up." I let the guy in and wait by the door.

He steps out of the elevator, and the logo on his sweater is of a local private courier company. I frown, sign for the package, and walk back into the apartment. I set it on my kitchen table and study it. The box is plain aside from my name scrawled on it.

Tentatively, I open it and push the tissue paper aside. And I stare right at a f**king blue lingerie set.

Close your eyes, Liv. Deep breaths. Deep brea-

Fuck this shit. I shove my feet in my Uggs and tie my hair in a knot on top of my head, barely stopping to grab a zipped sweater before swiping my car keys and flying down the stairs. That assuming bastard. That annoying, assuming, forceful bastard.

I call Dayton and switch it to hands-free, pulling out of the parking lot.

"Miss me already?"

"Fuck off. Do you know where Tyler is?"

"Already? Really, Liv."

"Oh, believe me. He's about to get f**ked. But not in the way he's hoping." I grind my teeth together. "Well?"

"He's at our place. Do you want to speak to him?"

"I will be in approximately five minutes." I hang up and turn in the direction of their apartment.

By the time I arrive in the building's underground parking lot, it's been fifteen minutes, not five, I've beeped my horn ten times, flipped someone off twice, and cussed more times than I care to count.

I jab the code for Aaron's private elevator in and get in. The ride is quick, as if it's in tune with my anger. When we reach the top floor, I push open the apartment door and storm in.

Tyler's leaning against the bar, laughing at something. The smile drops from his face when he sees me. "Liv?"

"Who the f**king hell do you think you are?" I walk up to him and shove his chest. "What, I don't do what you want so you decide you're going to make me do it anyway?"

"Whoa, calm down, babe."

"No. I won't calm down, Tyler. I don't have to do anything you f**king tell me to because that's not what we agreed."

He grabs my wrists and stills me. "Don't you think we should have this conversation in private?"

"Why?" I challenge him. "It's not like they don't know we're f**king. Although they might be surprised to know just how much of an assuming asshat you are!" I snatch my wrists back.

"Okay. You've got the wrong end of the stick, Liv. It was a present. A gift. Okay?"

"Actually, I think you're the one who's got the wrong end of the stick. You buy a girlfriend, fiancee, wife, or someone you're trying to romance gifts. You don't buy them for no-strings. The only thing you buy for no-strings is f**king condoms."

He rubs his hand down his face. "Bloody hell. You're impossible."

"I'm impossible? Says the one who's crossing lines."

"Crossing lines?"

I take his hundred dollars from my pocket, thankful I thought to grab it when I got my keys, and slap it into his hand. "Crossing lines. Crossing f**king rivers, Tyler. Keep it and go f**k yourself next time you feel so inclined."

Leaving him, Dayton, and Aaron staring after me, I walk out the same way I came in. Quickly and in a loud burst. This time, though, instead of yelling, it's the slamming of the apartment door.

Angry tears burn in the backs of my eyes. Of course-just when I finally find someone who wants what I do behind closed doors, he's an ass**le.

"Liv."

"Leave me alone," I say as I step into the elevator. He jumps in after me, and I turn away from him. The elevator stops.

"No. You've taken it completely wrong."

"How did I take that wrong, huh? You tell me to buy something and I don't do it, so you do. You don't ask me. You don't consider anything. You pushed a limit. I told you no strings, and buying shit adds another layer I don't want."

"Don't want or are afraid of?"

I glance over my shoulder. "Don't want."

"Then why are you crying?" His voice is soft as he steps up behind me and runs his hands down my uppers arms, his touch warm and comforting.

"Allergies," I offer lamely, swiping under my eyes. "Please, Ty, go. We're fooling ourselves if we think this...thing...can work between us."

"Really? I don't think we are. In bed, we're perfect for each other. You get me and I get you." He wraps his arms around my shoulders and kisses my jaw from behind.

"And out of bed, we bitch like an old married couple."

"You know what they say about old married couples who bitch."

"No, I don't."

"They bitch because they care. When they stop fighting, that's when they should worry."

I swallow and look at the floor. Hasn't he just hit the nail on the head and banged it right through the f**king wood? I care for him-I do. And not because he's a great lay. But because, despite how infuriating he is, he's funny. He can be tender, and no matter how much I kid myself, I kind of like his infuriating. He doesn't hesitate to challenge me or push my buttons.

Seriously, the arguing really is a sick kind of foreplay.

Tyler spins me. His arms are still around my shoulders, and he rests his chin on top of my head. Despite my orders to stay by my sides, my arms creep up and wrap around his waist.

One tear falls. And another.

Because I'm petrified. I'm so f**king scared of what I was avoiding in the first place.

"See? It's not hard," he whispers. "We can be nice to each other outside of the bedroom."

I laugh quietly. "Only because we've already argued."

"True." He pulls me tighter to him. "I'll send it back. If you want. The lingerie."

I sigh heavily and shake my head. "You don't have to. I just freaked."

"No, you didn't, did you?" he says with false shock.

I pull back and smack his chest, a smile playing on my lips. His dark eyes sparkle down at me, amusement evident in them. Slowly, he presses his lips to mine in a full-bodied kiss that sends shivers down my spine.

This kiss is slow and soft. Tender and deep. It says a thousand things we can't say out loud. Mine says that I'm afraid, that I can't have more than what we have now. His responds that maybe I'm not seeing clearly what there is and that there's no reason to be afraid. And mine says that there is, because he doesn't know it all.

He might be addicted to sex, but I don't think he's ever experienced true addiction.

"Trust me," he whispers. "You're a little wild and I'm a little wild, and together, we're a whole lot tempted. But just trust me."

I say yes.

12

My phone rings, breaking through the silence. I grab it and hold my breath when my agent's name flashes on the screen.

"Sheila," I answer.

"Liv! Fantastic news. Balfour are interested in you coming in for a test shoot. Are you free Thursday?"

"What time?"

"Between twelve and three."

I run through my shifts in my head. "Yes, at twelve. I'm supposed to work at one, but Donny won't mind." As long as I wear an extra-tight, extra-low-cut shirt that day.

"Fabulous. I'll call them back to confirm. Also, you should know they're testing twenty girls."

"Ouch."

"That was my first thought-but I have confidence in you, Liv. And I have a question."

"Hmm?"

"Were you comfortable shooting with Tyler Stone?"

Oh, I was comfortable all right. "Yep."

"Great. Because he's the photographer."

Bridezilla is in full force. Her new catering company has just gone bust, leaving her with no food for the wedding. Again. She's currently yelling angrily into the phone at the owner, who called to inform her of the bad news.

Bad news. Yep. Try rephrasing that to catastrophic.

"Do you think she's on her period?" Tyler whispers.

I snort. "No. She doesn't have them." He raises an eyebrow at me, and I pull my hoodie down my arm. I tap the inside of my upper arm. "Implant. Stops them."

"You don't get periods?"

"What part of 'stops them' is hard for you to understand?"

"We're eloping," Dayton announces, throwing the phone on the sofa. It bounces onto the floor. "We'll disappear somewhere and get married in secret, and these useless companies can go f**k themselves."

"And there's the control freak," I mutter.

Tyler covers his hand with his mouth.

"Day, sweetheart." Aaron runs his hands down her arms and soothes her. "We can find someone else to do the food. We have plenty of time."

"Right." She snorts. "Because you'd hate it if we ran off this weekend to get married."

"I can't say I'm averse to the idea, but I know that's not what you want. You want it all, so I'm giving you it all. Yes, it's hard work, but it'll be worth it in the end."

"Do you want a glass of wine?" Tyler asks hesitantly.

Dayton shoots him a hard look. I pat his thigh and cross to the bar. Opening the cupboard, I run my eyes over the bottles until I find a bottle of tequila.

Bingo, baby.

I pour her two shots' worth into a glass. I nudge Aaron out of the way and hand her the glass. She drains it in one go, turning around to put the glass on the bar.

"Blech." She screws her face up and shivers. "Thank you."

"You're welcome." I smirk and join Tyler back on the sofa.

"What the..." He watches in amazement as Day opens her laptop and starts calmly tapping at the keys. "What did you just do?"

I smile smugly. "That's why I'm the maid of honor."

Aaron leans on the back of sofa. "What did you give her?"

"Tequila."

"Tequila?"

"You think wine is gonna calm that crazy down? No, Aaron. You need something a bit stronger."

"Shit," he mutters. "I wish I'd known that when I dragged her around the world with me."

I laugh when he joins her at the bar. I laugh even harder when she shouts at Tyler for that glass of wine he offered. When he doesn't move, she snaps his name and yells at Aaron not to pour a glass, all without looking away from the screen.

My stomach is actually hurting from laughing so hard. There's something beautiful in the moment a man realizes that he wears the pants but his woman controls the zipper.

Apparently, Dayton controls two zippers.

"Come on." Tyler grabs my hands and pulls me up off the sofa. "We're going. I'm not taking her crap anymore."

"Where are we going?"

"Anywhere but here."

I wave goodbye as he drags me out of the apartment and into the elevator. No sooner have the doors closed than his lips are on mine, hungry and tasting. Devouring and consuming.

"Whoa." I grab his sweater to steady myself.

"Been wanting to do that since you walked through the door," he whispers, nibbling down my neck.

"Uh-huh."

"It's becoming a habit with you." He pulls me out of the elevator and toward his car.

Since our wedding disaster summons came at the same time, he called and said that he'd get me. I didn't realize how idiotic it was to agree until now.

"Well, make sure you don't do it tomorrow. That would be embarrassing."

"Tomorrow?"

"The shoot?"

His eyes flick to me. "Shoot? What? Oh-"

"Balfour Swimwear," I say, spelling it out for him. "I'm one of the models testing."

"When are you going in?"

"Twelve. I'm working tomorrow afternoon."

"Oh, f**king hell," he groans, pulling into the parking lot of a bar downtown. Before I can ask what he's doing, he explains. "That means you're one of the first. I'm going to be shooting girls all day with a f**king hard-on after you."

"As long as it's for me." I give him a pointed look and get out of the car.

"Hey," he growls, pulling me against him when he catches up with me. "You better believe it's for you, baby girl. And I'll need you to get rid of it after."

I reach between us and squeeze him lightly. "Looks like tomorrow isn't your problem right now."

He grabs my hand and tugs me toward the bar, his gaze heated. "If you behave yourself in here, I might just let you suck it later."

"Might?" I raise my eyebrows and follow him into the bar. Not like I have a choice. He's taking me in whether I want to or not.

And I'm trying not to freak about the one hundred thousand million lines this situation is jumping over.

"Trust me," he mouths, getting the attention of the bartender.

Dammit. I hate that he can read me so well.

He puts two drinks in front of us-white wine for me and a beer for him. "Let's talk."

"About what? The weather? Isn't that a Brit's favorite topic?"

His lips curve into a wry smile. "Hardy-fucking-har. For the record, Seattle's weather is about as shit as London's."

I grin.

"No, smartarse. I mean talk in general. You know, like people do."

I draw a line between us on the table. He gets my meaning and instantly rubs it out with his finger. Dick.

"I want to know how you and Day ended up best friends. You are nothing alike."

My grin widens. "Isn't that the best part? Opposites attract and all that. Besides, you'd be surprised how alike we actually are."

"I don't see it."

"You wouldn't. We both have really hot tempers-"

"Noticed that," he mutters.

I kick his shin. "We both have our guilty pleasure TV show-mine is The Big Bang Theory and hers is The Walking Dead. I know, they're different, but whatever. We both like wine and Ben and Jerry's ice cream and my cat. No, scratch that. Nobody likes that grumpy little shit."

Tyler laughs. "Seriously, though. You're so different. I don't see how it works."

"It just does. Like, she plans everything down to the very last detail, but I'm impulsive. Like with the wedding-she jokes about eloping to get married, but she never would. She'd have a meltdown before she even reached the airport. If anyone's going to elope to get married, it'd be me." I sip my wine. "She prefers lingerie, but I prefer shoes. In fact, I'm pretty sure I have a pair of shoes for every set of lingerie I own."

"Good to know."

I roll my eyes. "She wears dresses and heels as standard, and I wear jeans and usually flats, despite my extensive heel collection."

"All right, I get it. She's high-maintenance and you're..."

"Watch what you say there, buddy. Just because I pick comfort over blisters doesn't mean I'm not high-maintenance."

"The only high-maintenance thing about you is your attitude, Liv. In fact, you're very easy to deal with when your mouth is occupied."

I run my tongue over my bottom lip. "How would you know? You haven't occupied it yet."

Tyler leans in and hooks a finger under my chin, bringing my face close to his. "It can be arranged, babe."

I lower his hand and sit back, a smile tugging at my mouth. "I'm sure it can be. But we're talking right now, remember?"

"I'm not sure I'm a fan of your mouth talking."

"And I'm not sure I'm fan of yours doing the same thing, but isn't life a bitch?"

He laughs. "Touche. Okay, what are we talking about now?"

I barely think before I ask him my next question. "When did you realize you were a sex addict?"

He jerks slightly and I know I caught him off guard. Good. That's my favorite. "Jump right in there, why don't you, love?"

I smile.

"That's a serious question?" he clarifies.

"Absolutely. You want to talk, so let's talk. Right down to the gritty bits. I assume that's why we're here." I cross my legs beneath the table and lean back in the booth.

He catches his tongue between his teeth and studies me for a moment. "A couple of years ago. And before you ask, no, sex isn't an outlet for some monumental f**k-up in my childhood. I like sex, I had a bit too much, and I got addicted. It works the same way as any addiction. You get one taste, you want more and more, then suddenly you can't live without it."

His eyes are focused on mine as he says the last sentence. The very same sentence that wraps around me, tightening my chest and ricocheting off every corner of my mind.

"I never assumed sex was an outlet," I say almost tightly.

"People use sex for a lot of things. Some people use it as a guard. Don't they?"

"And I'm not ashamed to admit I use sex as a guard. There's nothing wrong with protecting my heart by using my body." I tap my fingers against the table. "There's nothing wrong with protecting your future by securing your past."

"Why are you so afraid?" he asks softly, resting his hand over mine and stopping my tapping. "What do you have to be so afraid of?"

A bitter laugh leaves me. "No. I'm done talking now."

"Liv."

"Tyler, please," I whisper. My words are barely audible over the noise in the bar.

I'm not ready for that-I'm not ready to admit out loud to someone how I almost died because I was once addicted to someone so intensely that I truly believed my life wasn't worth living without him.

"I'll take you home." He stands.

I do, too, wrapping my arms around my stomach. Those memories are tightly locked away. Stuck in a box locked with a key I threw away long ago. I don't want to remember them and see the pain in my best friend's eyes when I regained consciousness or the helplessness in my parent's gaze.

The ride back to my apartment is almost painful. There's an uneasy silence between us, and the longer it goes on, the more the reality of this situation collapses onto me.

There are no lines.

As easily as he wiped away my invisible one on the table earlier, Tyler has wiped away the real ones.

There are no lines, but there are strings and all sorts of bullshit I'm not prepared to wade through right now.

"Come up," I say, my hand on the door. "With me."

"Are you sure?"

I nod. He follows me up the stairs. When we reach the top, Sean's door opens and he steps out. His mouth forms an 'o' and he looks at me.

"Maybe I'll try again later," he mutters.

"Sean," I say, knowing that he's looking for an introduction, "this is Tyler. Tyler, this is my neighbor, Sean."

I think Sean's about to fall over and Tyler hasn't even opened his mouth yet.

"Nice to meet you, mate. Sorry about last time."

"He's British," Sean states, looking at me.

He drops Tyler's hand and gasps like a schoolgirl. I shake my head frantically, begging him not to say anything. I can see it all falling into place.

"He's Mr. Tall, Dark, Handsome, and Oh So British!" he all but squeals.

Thank you, Sean, you rat bastard.

"Nice to see you, Sean. We'll catch up soon. Goodbye!" I push my apartment door open and walk in.

Tyler is laughing behind me, and as much as I'm annoyed at Sean for blurting that out, I'm thankful that he cut through the tension.

"Mr. Tall, Dark, Handsome, and Oh So British, huh?"

I clap my hands to my flaming cheeks. "I didn't know your name. I had to call you something when I explained to my other best friend how you stole my orgasm and that pretty much summed it up."

"I stole your orgasm?"

"Eh. You gave it back, so who cares?"

"Want another?" He kisses the back of my neck.

I turn to face him and grip the collar of his shirt. "I'm not going to argue if you insist."

"In that case..." He cups my ass and pulls me flush against him before sealing his mouth against mine. My knees weaken at the fervor he kisses me with, like he's drowning and I'm the air he needs to survive.

Deep and intense, every brush of his lips and flick of his tongue touches me everywhere. I back up until I bump into my kitchen table. Tyler slides his hands to the back of my knees and lifts me, setting me on the top of it.

He steps between my legs and pushes his already-solid c**k against my center. I slide my hands around his neck and grip his hair. I tug lightly and he groans into my mouth.

He undoes the zipper on my sweater and slides it over my shoulders. My tank top soon follows, our kiss breaking for a second so he can tug it over my head. I let go of his hair to pull at his shirt, to feel his skin naked against mine. Together, we make short work of the buttons and I throw it to the floor, pulling him back to me.

His skin is hot, his chest smooth apart from the light hair dusting his pecs. I slide my hips into his, rubbing myself against him, and he kisses down my neck.

"You're wearing it," he murmurs, finding the blue-lace cup of the bra and running his tongue along the curve of my breast.

I try to shrug, but it fails. Instead, I take a deep breath when he undoes my jeans.

"Lift your hips." He pulls my pants down my legs and steps back. His eyes appraise me from head to toe, lingering at my hips and the lace thong covering me. "God," he groans, stepping back to me and unclasping my bra. "You're so f**king sexy, Liv."

I flatten my hands on the table behind me and arch my back when he seals his mouth around one of my ni**les and sucks hard. I feel the tug right in my pu**y. My muscles clench and-oh, crap.

Steadying himself, his hand next to mine on the table, Tyler dips two fingers inside me. The feeling of his tongue rubbing over my tender ni**les and his fingers working my pu**y is insanely good. I moan loudly, pushing my hips into his hand as best I can.

"I wanted your mouth around my c**k tonight," he whispers, bringing his mouth up to my ear. "I wanted to f**k your mouth so hard your throat would be sore tomorrow. But now I've changed my mind." He sheds his pants and boxer briefs and replaces his fingers with his cock. "Instead, I think I'll f**k you until your sweet cunt is sore."

And he does. Relentlessly, he drives into me, making me cry out with every thrust. Each one is more desperate than the last, and I come quickly, squeezing him tightly.

He grunts out my name, and I feel him come in hot spurts, filling me completely. His skin burns against mine as he slumps forward. He slides a hand up my back to my hair and pulls my face to him.

I wrap an arm around his neck and bury my face in the crook of his shoulder. My heart is pounding so intensely that I'm certain he can feel it. Certain he can feel the burning, finally sated, desire flooding through my veins.

"Mmm," he hums, rocking his hips against me. "Now I'm better."

He looks down at me, and I smile lazily. "You really are, aren't you?"

"Yep. What can I say? Being referred to as Mr. Tall, Dark, and Handsome obviously turns me the f**k on."

I laugh and sit up straight. He eases himself out of me before disappearing into my bathroom. He returns with a towel, and I clean myself up. I hop off the table and look at it.

"I guess I'm bleaching that in a minute."

His laugh is deep and rich, and it makes me smile. It's contagious and addictive, and I find myself giggling as I grab the bleach spray and a cloth. I coat the table in the spray and scrub it.

"Do you often clean in the nude?"

I glance over my shoulder to see his pants back on. "Nope. This is a special show just for you."

He smacks my ass. "Tease."

I wiggle my butt with a wink and dart across the kitchen before he can slap me again. He folds his arms and watches me walk to my bedroom. I put on some clean underwear and some sweatpants.

"I guess I'll see you tomorrow then. At the shoot," Tyler says when I walk into the front room.

I watch him walk to the front door. "You don't have to. Go yet. I mean..." I take a deep breath. "You can stay. If you want to. For a bit." I wrap my arms around my body, fear slicing through my words.

He turns, his eyes slowly finding mine. "Do you really mean that or are you just saying it?"

"Both. Maybe. I think."

He smiles sadly and comes back to me, kissing me softly. "I'll go."

Two steps, and-"Don't. I want you to stay."

A long moment passes as he studies me over his shoulder. I swallow. My mouth is dry, my chest is tight, and my stomach is rolling in fear. This is a huge moment. For me, for him... For the dynamic of our so-called no-strings.

Just two days ago, I was yelling at him for buying me underwear. Now, here I am, asking him to stay after he f**ked me.

Well, I already broke one rule and got to know him a little, so what's breaking another?

Trust me, he said.

"This is me trusting you, Ty," I say softly.

He takes my hands and pulls them away from my body. His arms go around me in a strong hug, and I rest my head against his chest.

"I'm hungry." His chest rumbles deeply with his words. "The Big Bang Theory and a takeout?"

"Why not?"

13

I can feel his eyes burning into me through the camera lens. My body has been tingling for the past half an hour as he's taken the shots. I'm not sure how no one else in this room can feel the tension.

I can. It's zinging between us, coated in a sweet layer of lust.

"And we're done," Tyler says, lowering his camera. He turns away, and I take the robe offered to me by a wardrobe assistant. I'm tying the belt around my waist when he says, "Would you like to take a look?"

"I'd love to," I respond, polite and professional. I join him at his laptop and take the seat in front of him.

He puts one hand on the back of the chair and one on a wireless mouse. He leans forward, and his breath flutters my hair, his thumb gently stroking my back. No one can see-they're all too busy. This is a stolen private moment in an open, professional setting.

"Here we are." He double-clicks a folder and a stream of images appears on the screen. "These are really great," he says aloud. He bends down a little farther and whispers, "My c**k is f**king hard right now. I hope you appreciate the torture I'm about to endure."

I chew my lip so I don't smile. "I really like this one." I point to one where I'm sitting on the floor, leaning back on my hand. My head is tipped back, my eyes closed, my other hand in my hair.

He groans quietly. "Liv, you're killing me, babe."

"This one is good, too." I'm standing, looking over my shoulder at the camera.

"Don't drive to work tonight," he whispers, leaning forward even more. His lips brush my jaw. "I'll get you after."

"Thank you for letting me see these. They're great." I stand, knowing that my indifference is pissing him off. Truth is, I'm not indifferent. I'm aching for him.

"It was my pleasure." He takes my hand and leans in to kiss my cheek. "And my pain," he murmurs. "Wear black."

I smile to myself as I leave the studio. In the dressing room, I change into jeans and a chunky sweater and wrap a scarf around my neck. My phone buzzes and I dig it from my purse.

Tell me you pissed him off. Please,

Dayton texts.

He's not going to enjoy the next few hours, I know that much,

I send back.

That's my girl. I'm joining him for "experience" in an hour. Tried getting there for yours but he said no. Douchenugget.

I laugh loudly and climb into my car. Before I start her up, I email Sheila and tell her that I think it went okay. The pictures really did look good-but then again, I'm up against a few known names.

No one knows me. I'm still just Liv from Seattle, trying to get a late break.

I head toward the gym to work off the takeout from last night before work. Of course, if I put any weight on, I can blame Tyler because it was his idea to eat calorie-and-carb-laden food and veg around on the sofa for two hours. I'm fairly certain any calories were burned after those two hours when his hands started wandering, but I'll still blame him because I can.

And because it's easier to blame him than myself. Easier to blame him for calories than to blame myself for wiping out a line.

But it was nice. More than nice, actually. Spending the evening with him, mostly chilling out, reminded me how great it is to do that. How much nicer it is for someone to stay after sex instead of walking straight out.

I get out of the car, figuring that I have half an hour on the treadmill before I have to leave for work. I change quickly and hit the second floor, grabbing a machine. I start up my iPod and put the earbuds in my ears. Waves by Mr. Probz blasts into my ears, and I'm drawn to the lyrics. Because I am drifting away. Slowly, but I'm drifting. Every line, every word, is so right.

My mind focuses back on last night as I increase the incline on the treadmill. I wish I could define whatever it is between us. It's not quite no-strings and not quite dating. It's an odd concept, hanging suspended in limbo. I wish I could put my finger on it. I wish I could figure out what makes a few strings with Tyler okay despite the obvious risks.

A sex addict and a love addict together is a preposterous idea. It's pure stupidity. Idiocy. Fucked up.

It can only end in one way-and I'm not talking about an orgasm. Heartbreak.

I told Tyler that I'm trusting him. If only I knew what I was trusting him with. My heart? My body? My desires?

I know the last two are definitely true. I trust him with my body and my desires. I trust him to not abuse them, but instead to take them and spin them into pleasure. And he is sure as hell doing that.

In the several times we've been together now, we've only stretched the boundaries once. Both of us, I know, have more things we want to try. Both of us have ideas and dreams and wishes for what we can do...together.

Just like he said, we're perfect together in the bedroom. We're magic, completely in tune.

The music in my ears switches to my alarm and I slow my speed until I stop. I have no time to shower, so back in the dressing room, I douse myself in spray and dig my work clothes out from my bag. Black skinny jeans and a long-sleeved shirt-with a low neckline.

I squirm into the clothes and drive toward the bar. I glance through the back window, and it's completely dead. I'm supposed to finish at nine tonight, and my body tingles just thinking about it.

I join Rosie at the bar. She's on the long shift today, starting at one and finishing at midnight. I look around the nearly dead bar and raise my eyebrows.

"Really? They need two of us for this?"

"Right?" she replies, sighing. "This is going to be a boring shift."

We spoke too soon.

Our first few hours were quiet. It picked up a bit around dinner but then dropped off. We thought we were getting it easy until bam. A fifty-strong bachelorette party strolled through the door. Since then, a twenty-strong bachelor party has joined them. Not connected-we checked.

They're splitting their time between us and the cocktail bar upstairs. Unfortunately, they seem to like the louder music and space to dance down here because they're drinking us out of white wine.

I pour four glasses and add them to the tab before I turn and pour three beers straight off. Rosie is the same at the other end. Both parties have mixed and no one seems to care anymore. In fact, I think a bridesmaid and an usher are making out in the corner.

I wipe the back of my hand across my forehead, and Rosie joins me at the register. "Liv, can you stay?" she asks. "I hate to do this, but I can't handle this by myself. Donny won't be here until eleven."

"Of course. I'm not leaving you with these guys." I turn and see two of the bachelorette party bitching at each other-heatedly. Jesus, nine p.m. and it's started already. "Hey! Hey!"

They ignore me, so I put my fingers in my mouth and whistle. They stop and look at me, as do a few other people.

"If you're gonna do that, take it outside!" I yell over the music, pointing to the door.

They seem to consider it for a moment before shrugging it off and walking in opposite directions. I pour a round of tequila shots, complete with lime and salt, and finally have five seconds to breathe.

A pee would be great though.

"It's mental in here."

I turn in the direction of Tyler's voice and smile. "I have to stay on for two hours. I'm sorry."

"No worries. Want me to go or wait here?"

"You can go if you want. It's kind of crazy in here."

"I'll wait." He winks.

I'm being yelled at for another beer, so I hold a finger up. "I'll get you a drink as soon as I have a second. I promise." I run to the middle of the bar and pour two pints simultaneously.

This continues all night. It takes me half an hour to get Tyler his drink, and the next one and a half are spent getting blisters from my flat shoes.

Fantastic. I should send Donny the bill for my Band-Aids.

Eventually, the boss shows up. There's no sign of either party winding down any time soon. Donny rests a hand on my upper back as I pour two rounds of shots.

"A bachelorette party and a bachelor party on a Thursday night? They connected?"

"Yes and no. We don't know either. They just showed up, and you can figure out the rest." I take the cash from the girl in front of me and ring it up.

"Why didn't you call? I would have come earlier. You were supposed to finish at nine, weren't you?"

My eyes flick to him as I run the order through. "Really, Donny? Look around you. You think we've had time to call you?"

"I've been holding my piss for three hours," Rosie grumbles, appearing next to him.

Donny sighs. "Okay, girls. Ro, you go use the bathroom. Liv, you can go home when she gets back, all right, hon?"

I meet Tyler's gaze at the end of the bar. "Believe me. That's all right with me."

"New squeeze?" Donny asks, following my eyes.

"Now, Donny. You know better than to mix personal and professional lives." I wink, laughing inside at the irony of my statement, and pour one last drink.

Rosie comes back and hugs me tight. "Thanks for staying. You're doing the long shift tomorrow, right?"

I groan. "Yep. And I'm putting a f**king sign on the door banning all bachelorette and bachelor parties."

I leave to her laughter. I get my coat from the back and grab Tyler's hand on my way through the mass of people in the bar. Stepping outside, I take a deep breath. Oh, fresh air. Oh, space to breathe. How I've missed you.

"Your car's in the parking lot."

"I went to gym after the shoot. Worked off that takeout." I dump my coat in the back despite the freezing temperature. "Sorry. Forgot."

Tyler smiles and cups my face, brushing his thumbs across my cheeks. "You look exhausted, baby girl."

"I've been there since two without a break." I yawn. "Then running around like that for four hours. I'm beat."

He kisses my forehead, sending a thrill through me. "Stay over tonight. To sleep."

I shake my head. "I'm trusting you, but not that much."

"Okay," he acquiesces. "Did you get Dayton's text earlier?"

"No, and I don't think I want to."

He laughs. "She's cooking dinner for us all tomorrow night."

"I'm working," I smile weakly. "I have Saturday night off, but I'm doing the long shift. I won't finish until one tomorrow morning."

"Even though you just worked two extra hours?"

"Welcome to the world of bartending, honey. I'm gonna go home, eat, sleep, then repeat. Okay? Have fun at dinner tomorrow." I yawn again and open my car door.

Tyler captures my lips with his in a swift movement. "Dinner will be Saturday night. Then you're mine."

I really did spend all of Friday in bed. I slept, ate, then headed into work. I worked my little ass off before going home and collapsing into bed at two a.m.

Now, however, I'm slumped over Dayton's sofa, watching her compare fabric swatches to get the right tablecloth color.

And I couldn't give a flying monkey if ivory and champagne and off-white are completely different. I want more coffee and another few hours of sleep.

"Liv, you are the worst bridesmaid ever."

"You're the worst bride ever," I retort, sitting up with a huff. "It's easy, Day. Your color scheme is white with champagne and pink. Your chair sashes are champagne and your centerpiece is a mixture of both but predominantly pink. Just have plain, old white for the table cloths. It'll make the rest stand out better."

She looks at me and the fabric. And back again. And back again. "I take it back. You're the best bridesmaid ever. You're a f**king genius."

"That's what they say," I mumble, lying back down and closing my eyes. I yawn and snuggle into my hood.

"Why don't you go home and get some rest?"

"Dinner," I mumble again. "Just need coffee."

"Wow, is Tyler that good?" She laughs.

"I've done two long shifts. But if you really must know, yes, he is."

So good that my supposed full night's sleep last night ended up with a vibrator intervention at three a.m. I need to get that man to tie me to a bedpost-stat. These dreams are making my clit insanely achy.

"Here." She waves a steaming mug of coffee under my face, and I force my eyes open. If only I could drink from a mug sitting down. I need a sippy cup when I'm this tired.

I shove myself up into a sitting position and hug the mug. "I'm not sleeping great," I admit.

Dayton chews her lip and looks down so I can't see the worry. But I do. It's almost funny how my sleeping with different guys isn't a cause for concern, but as soon as I stick to one, we have a problem.

"I like him," I say out loud, more to myself than her. There. I said it. I admitted it. "But I don't want to date him."

"Sweetie, you don't really know him. You can't tell if you want to date him until you do."

"I don't want to know him. Not that way-not right down to where it matters. I'm not ready for that." I blow into my coffee. "I just needed to say it out loud." I take a large gulp of coffee. Ouch.

"Okay. But you do know..."

"That's he's a sex addict? Yep. What are the chances, right? A sex addict and a love addict in a relationship that's not really a relationship at all. We should sell our story to Disney and see if they can create a happily ever after out of this shit."

"Looking for tips?" Dayton teases.

"Happily ever after? A way out? I'm not fussy." I snort.

The apartment door opens and Tyler walks through with Aaron. Neither looks happy.

"What did you do to them?" I whisper to Dayton.

She grins. "Did you get your suits fitted?"

Well, that'll be it.

"Men shouldn't be pricked," Tyler answers, chucking his jacket on the sofa. He picks it up again at Dayton's sharp cough. "We do the pricking, but I'm a f**king voodoo doll after that."

"He's right, sweetheart. You're lucky I love you after that." Aaron kisses her and sits down next to her. "I need some coffee."

"You're aware of where the coffee machine is, Mr. Stone. You put it there," she retorts, picking up a wedding magazine.

"I'm done with this stuff today." Aaron snatches it from her and throws it across the room.

She gasps and sits up straight. "You did not just throw that on the floor!"

"It's a well-known fact that the only things that should be thrown on the floor are clothes," I add, earning an agreeing nod from Dayton.

"Is that right?" Tyler leans over the back of the sofa next to me.

"I don't know. British dickheads would look good there, too."

"Only if there's his American bitch on top of him," he whispers, nipping my earlobe.

Now I gasp. He gives me a suggestive look, but I narrow my eyes. His phone rings before I can say anything back to him and he pulls it from his pocket.

"What do you want? ... Tessa? Tess? What's wrong?" He walks into the kitchen, and I look at Dayton and Aaron. Both of them are sitting straight, their eyes on Tyler. I know Tessa is his sister, but only because Day mentioned it before.

"What? Are you f**king joking? ... You did what?" Tyler runs a hand through his hair. "I can't believe this! That bastard is lucky I'm on the other side of the world or I'd break his f**king neck!"

"Uh-oh," Dayton whispers.

Aaron shushes her and stands up.

"Tessa, the knobhead has been cheating on you. Like I'm gonna be f**king calm! You're my sister! ... I don't give a flying f**k if you're five minutes older. You're still my f**king sister!"

"Ty, man," Aaron says across the room. "You aren't helping her. Calm down and call her later. Day will call her in a minute."

Tyler turns back to us, fury written all over his face.

Dayton mouths, "Twins," at me. Yeah, well, I gathered that much, Sherlock.

"Dayton will call you. Yeah... I'll speak to you later. Love you." He hangs up and drops his phone on the bar. He rubs his hands through his hair. His anger is palpable, and I know he'd give anything to be in London, tracking his sister's husband down.

Right now, I'm learning one more thing about Tyler Stone. He's fiercely protective of the people he loves.

I get up and hesitate for a moment. But just a moment-then I run to him, wrap my legs around his waist, and kiss him firmly. He steps back in shock, but he wraps one arm around my back and the other cups my ass and holds me up.

My hands frame his face as our lips move together. Slowly, with each kiss, the tension seeps from his body. I nip his bottom lip and he lightly sucks on mine. I grip his hair and he digs his fingers into my skin.

And neither of us cares for a second that it's the first time we've kissed in front of someone else.

I just know, instinctively, that this will calm him down.

"Thank you," he murmurs against my mouth.

I lower myself to the floor and kiss him one more time. "You're welcome."

His eyes dart over my shoulder and his lips quirk. "Your best friend is looking at you like you've grown an extra head."

I turn around and stare at her. "What? Never seen two people kissing before?"

"It was sudden and unexpected." She giggles. "I thought we'd have to give you a room."

"You'd do that?" Tyler asks from behind me.

I elbow him in the stomach and sit back down. Dayton glances at us both before grabbing her phone and waving it at us. "I'm gonna go call Tessa."

"Thanks." Tyler sighs at her name.

We sit in silence until Day leaves the room. Then Aaron asks, "What the hell happened?"

"That bastard she married has been bloody cheating on her with some aspiring model for two months. She found him f**king her on their couch yesterday morning."

"She's seen her lawyer, right?"

"Yep. She went straight to his office. There's a clause in their prenup about cheating. I remember Mum insisting she put it in there. I guess she didn't trust him."

"I hope she takes him for everything he has," I mutter.

Aaron smirks. "Oh, she will. Tessa is the female version of Tyler. Strong, pigheaded, and stubborn as shit. She'll take everything without a second thought."

"I'm not pigheaded," Tyler argues.

I raise my eyebrows. "Um, you are."

"Whatever. Look, cuz. Can you tell Day I'm sorry? I gotta go. I'm not in the mood for dinner now. I'm gonna call Mum and see if she knows anything."

Aaron nods. "Sure. I'll get Day to call you later if you want."

"Thanks."

I rub my thumb along my bottom lip as he leaves. Aaron stares at me, his lips quirked to one side.

"Go," he says. "He won't admit it because he's a pigheaded bastard, but he needs someone to calm him down."

"I'm sure he can find plenty of people to calm him down."

"You're not fooling anyone, Liv, and neither is he. We'll do dinner next weekend. Go after him. He needs you to."

I stand and grab my coat, giving Aaron one last look before I slip out the door after him.

"He needs you." Dangerous words. Very dangerous words.

I pull out my phone and text Tyler.

Wait.

I take the elevator down and find him in the parking lot, resting against his car. "You weren't thinking of leaving without me, were you?"

He drags his eyes up to me, and I drop the corner of my shirt over my shoulder, revealing my light-pink bra strap. Heat flares in the depths of his eyes, a desperate heat, and I get into his car without saying another word.

I lie on his bed on my stomach while he is on the phone with his mom in New York. He's been out there for a while, and I'm nosy, so I open the drawers of his bedside cabinet. Contradicting myself at every turn, I know.

As much as I don't want to know Tyler any better, I have a crazy desire to find out every little thing. I'm trying to convince myself that it's a natural thing when you like a guy, but I know it's not. That desire is more of a growing obsession, and that's step two of my addiction.

Find out everything.

I pull out his passport and flip it open to the page with his photo. Judging by the date, he recently renewed it and updated the picture. Damn. There goes a possible giggle-fest.

I set it back into the drawer and finding nothing of interest in the top one, so I move to the second one. Now this is a goldmine of sexual goodness. Condoms, a couple of different lubes, and...

A bullet?

"Anything good in there?"

I look up and produce the bullet box. "Um?"

He grins, pushing the drawer shut with his foot. "It's brand new. See? Sealed." He undoes it and pulls out the tiny, purple vibrator.

"Yes, I'm just wondering why you have one."

"Presumably for the same reason you do. To make you come."

"You don't need the bullet, or was I not clear enough half an hour ago?"

"It's not just for that." He switches it on. The quiet buzz fills the room, and he runs the tip of it down my neck and toward my br**sts. "It's for fun. Spice, remember?"

I wonder if he's aware of how many times I've used my own bullet.

He turns it off and sets it on top of the nightstand. "Did you go in the third drawer?"

I shake my head. The grin that spreads across his face now makes me wonder what I missed. Fortunately, I find out quickly.

Handcuffs.

I can't stop my tongue from wetting my lips. "Handcuffs."

"Do you trust me?" he asks, his eyes boring into mine.

I look at the metal rings and meet his gaze again. Confidence boosts inside me, borne of knowing that the only place he can attach those is to his bed. "Yes."

"Roll over and put your head on the pillows."

I roll over and straighten on the bed. Tyler kneels next to me and clips one of the cuffs around one of my wrists. When I look up, he hooks the other around the back of one of the bars on his headboard. He clips the second one into place.

Going back to the drawer, he lifts up a key and sets it on the nightstand. "Any time, say stop and I will."

Oh, I have no intention of saying stop.

His eyes crawl down my naked body. He removes his sweatpants, which he put on minus boxers. His c**k springs to life, already semi hard, and he grabs the bullet from the side.

"I dreamed of this," he murmurs against my neck. "Having you cuffed to my bed, naked, ready for me to enjoy. And I plan to-I plan to explore you with my hands, my tongue, and my little friend here." He turns the bullet on and runs it below the curve of my breast. "And I'm going to enjoy it very, very much."

"I dreamed of it, too," I admit, my breath catching as he circles my nipple with the bullet.

"See? Perfect for me." He flicks his tongue in the hollow spot at my collarbone. I shiver, his mouth and the bullet a heady mixture.

I shiver, his mouth and the bullet a heady mixture. He trails the bullet around both of my ni**les, across the soft flesh of my br**sts, and down my stomach. He draws lazy circles across it, dipping it into my navel now and then. It slides down to my bikini line in a tease that makes me clench. The whole time Tyler tastes my ni**les, he's seemingly oblivious to the part of my legs, the quiet begs from my mouth.

He lays the bullet, still vibrating, just above my bikini line and crawls down the bed. His hands circle my thighs and he parts my legs, hooking them over his shoulders.

He blows onto my aching pu**y, the heat from his breath hitting me hard. I tug at the handcuffs, wanting his mouth there now.

"Don't," he whispers, looking up at me. "You'll be sore. If you want them off, tell me."

I shake my head. I don't. Not really.

He slowly runs his tongue along my wet folds. My skin buzzes where the tiny vibrator is against it, and I buck my hips to get rid of it. Tyler pins them back down, his tongue pushing down on my clit. He takes his tongue away, reaches it inside me, and holy f**k.

He holds the bullet lightly against my clit as he licks and sucks his way around my pu**y. Every inch of me is touched by his tongue except my clit. The bullet never moves, never wavers, and I can't believe the tightness in my stomach. It feels like I'm going to-

Explode.

Tyler's tongue stretches inside me as I come. I push my hips up, the pleasure too intense. I can't move, can't escape, and it only heightens the rush through my veins.

"That was my favorite yet," he whispers. "Making you come."

Keeping my legs hooked over his shoulders, he eases into me. This is how we f**ked the first time, during what we thought would be our one-night stand.

He pushes deep into me, rubbing against my tender flesh, and kisses my calf. His hands are wrapped around my thighs to hold my legs in place as he f**ks me. He reaches forward to palm my br**sts, groaning.

"I love your tits. They're just perfect for..." He squeezes them both hard and pinches my ni**les.

I moan.

"Like that, babe? A bit rough?" He does it again, this time the pinch in time with his thrust inside, and I moan again.

The small sparks of pain from the pinches mingle with the heat coating my body. They're painfully good, too good, and a third, softer pinch, has me arching my back into him. Mostly for what he was doing and partly so my hips tilt too.

Tyler swings my legs down and leans forward, one of his hands under my butt and holding it up. He nips his way up my neck until he reaches my ear and whispers, "You're bad, Liv. You're bad and I f**king love it."

"I prefer wild," I breathe out, finishing on a moan.

"You're bad and you're wild." He picks up his pace. "You're my wild, tempting bitch. Don't go soft on me."

I laugh, my fists clenching above my head. "Never."

And when I come, it's hard and it's wild.

14

Angus looks at me like I've refused another one of his dead bird gifts.

"Oh, come on. Sean came in to feed you."

His tail waves behind him.

"Angus. What if I buy you catnip? Will we be friends then?"

He hops off the counter and stalks away. He's one pissed-off kitty.

"Do you often talk to your cat like he's a human?" Tyler says from behind me, amused.

"Do you often question everything?" I retort, stalking into the bathroom to grab the laundry basket.

"I'm amazed you have a washing machine up here. You know, every Brit thinks The Big Bang Theory's apartment block is the standard, right?"

I roll my eyes. "In smaller apartments, yeah. This is fairly big as it goes. Dayton helped me put down the deposit so I didn't have to f**k around with a laundry room."

"She helped you buy your apartment?"

"She said it was my birthday present for four years." I smile wryly. "Seriously. I haven't had a birthday present for two."

Tyler laughs and opens my fridge. "You have no food."

"Between work and you, I haven't exactly had a chance to go to the store." I start the machine and stand up. "I still don't understand why you followed me home."

"I have nothing to do today. I was hoping you could entertain me." He grins wolfishly.

"Seriously? What, three times in twelve hours isn't enough for you?"

"Babe, I'm a sex addict."

"It's really cute that you're trying to pull that card." I tap his nose. "But it's not gonna work. Unless you're proposing we do something normal, you can go home."

He stops. "Are you saying if I planned something to do, you'd come?"

I freeze. "No."

"No, don't do that with me." He bends down in front of me on the sofa. "I won't ask you to define what we've got going on. I won't force you into that, but don't keep it going backward. Don't panic every time I say or do something that might make you a little uncomfortable."

"People panic when shit gets uncomfortable." Especially me. I like to freak. "But if you really, really want to do something, I suppose I'm okay with that. Kind of."

And that's exactly how we end up leaving my apartment and heading out.

Okay, so I can understand wanting to go out. But the pier? When it's, like, forty degrees out? Uh, no. That I don't f**king understand. I also don't like it. One bit.

Which is why I'm hiding out in the restaurant with a hot chocolate while he stares at me across the table. I class this as getting out, for the record. I also class this as a maybe-date. He should be thankful. He even got English tea.

"You make things very hard."

"I make something very hard," I quip, dropping my eyes.

"It's never not f**king hard around you, you tease."

I grin. "That's what you get when you have a girl who guards her heart with sex."

Tyler doesn't reply. He studies me across the table, his gorgeous eyes flicking over my face. He scratches his jaw, still watching me thoughtfully, and leans back. "I have to ask you something."

"Um, okay?"

"Stone Advertising is throwing a party-it's a celebration for Aaron. In one year, he smashed every expectation anyone had. He pushed the company into the billion-dollar threshold and managed to secure a five-year contract with the newest, hottest fashion designer before anyone had even heard of her."

"Impressive." I sip my hot chocolate, keeping my face impassive. I think I know where this is going, and I'm trying to ignore the thump of my heart.

"It's next weekend. Saturday."

I'm not working Saturday. Dammit.

"I've been invited. So have you."

"Good to know. Where are you going with this?"

His lips twitch. "I want you to go with me."

"It's not really a good idea if we're seen together at a company party. Don't you think?"

He laughs. "I knew you'd say that. But here's the thing-I'm not employed by Aaron. And neither are you. You employ his agency."

I open my mouth but immediately close it again. Dammit. I don't have an argument for that.

"So it doesn't really matter if we go together. We're not breaking any rules."

"Um." My mouth is dry. I drink, but it makes no difference. "When you say 'go together,' do you mean like..."

"A date, Liv. Yes. I'm asking you to come with me as my date."

I exhale slowly. Ooookay. "Um. I... I have to go. I can't think right now. I..." I close my eyes and stand up. "I'm sorry. Please let me go think."

He looks like he wants to argue. To fight. But he doesn't. He simply nods once and I run out of the restaurant.

My head pounds as I walk through Seattle. I'm not paying any attention to where I'm going. I'm just walking.

A date. That's...a big, almost nonexistent line. Sure, the drink in the bar and the drink just then could have been constituted as dates. Hell, the time we had dinner with Day and Aaron and Tyler pinned me against my car and kissed the f**k out of me could have been a date.

But none were ever defined. And I can deal with that. I can deal with a hazy fog of not knowing because then I can convince myself that it's not real and I don't crave his touch or the sound of his voice or the flick of his tongue and oh my god.

I am so f**king f**ked.

I lean against a wall and bury my face in my hands. Here it is-my admission to myself.

I'm getting addicted to Tyler Stone. Not only my mind, but my body, too. And quite possibly my heart.

That's the worst. The heart. If I agree to this date, I'm agreeing to let my heart get addicted. It's one thing for my body to crave him. It's something quite different if my heart does.

Because bodies can't be destroyed by love. Hearts can. Even minds can be.

I learned that the hard way. No one ever told me how brutal love was. They never told me how, coupled with addiction, it could shatter you. Ruin you.

Because when you get addicted to something, that something becomes your whole world. It becomes the central point for your existence. You live for nothing but the addiction, and every minute you aren't feeding it is a minute you're craving it.

Walking away from it takes willpower. It takes mental strength and determination-something that's easy to come by when you don't want what you're addicted to. Then you have a reason to say no. You have a reason to turn your back.

I don't have that. Apart from my own fears, I have no reason to walk away from that gorgeous man. I have no reason to turn away and run from the man who sets my body on fire with an unnatural ease.

I have no reason to give up the person who's made me feel more alive than I have in years.

I know in my heart that my walking away just now was irrational. It was stupid and impulsive, and if I didn't think it would hurt, I'd slap myself f**king silly for it.

Because he didn't deserve that. He deserved a "Let me think about it and get back to you. What are we doing now?" Not a giant, metaphorical "Fuck you!"

I'm an idiot. I'm an idiot and a fool and a giant, raging f**king bitch.

I'm flightier than a bird ready to migrate. I'm giving myself whiplash with my own indecision over what I want, so f**k only knows how Tyler feels. Back and forth, back and forth... In my mind, it's a never-ending circle of what-ifs and trepidation. It's a foundation of anxiety and fear.

And I have to make a choice-sooner or later, I'll have to stop running. I'll have to face up to the dangers my addiction poses to both me and others and deal with them.

I told Tyler that I trust him, but I don't. Not really. If I did, I wouldn't have run out of that restaurant like someone had doused my pants in gas and set me alight.

Maybe now is the time to stop running. Maybe now is the time to step back and face up to the fears that are slowly creeping out.

Maybe now is the time to be honest with myself.

My name is Olivia Warren. I'm an addict. I'm addicted to love and I'm addicted to the same person I fall in love with. I'm tempted and allured by their voice and their touch, and eventually, I will crave them. Body and soul. And I'm running because, once upon a time, my addiction nearly cost me my life.

But now, I'm aware of it. And I can control it. So I'm not running anymore.

I'm eventually going to crave Tyler Stone-body and soul. I'm going to trust a man I probably shouldn't, and I'm going to give in to the wild temptation running rampant through my veins.

"A date? You have a date?"

"There's no need to sound so surprised, Mom. It happens occasionally." I drop back onto the sofa and prop my feet on the coffee table.

"It hasn't happened for three years, Olivia."

"Precisely. Once every three years is occasionally."

She sighs, her heavy breath crackling down the phone. "And do you know this man? Or is he someone you just met?"

Oh, we know each other. "He's Aaron's cousin. You know, Day's fiance."

"Oh, well that makes a difference. If he's Dayton approved, I'm sure he's a good guy."

A good guy with a penchant for a little light bondage and a mini vibrator.

"Day hasn't exactly...approved...him. More like she's waiting and seeing."

"Olivia. Is he a dangerous man? With bad connections? You see them all the time on the television."

"Um, you watch too much TV, Mom." I cough to disguise my laugh. "No, he's not a secret mass murderer or something. He's just... Well, Tyler. Besides, it's only one date."

"Only one date? That in itself-"

"Is dangerous, I know. I have a handle on my crap now, okay? I'm not a kid anymore. I'm twenty-five," I huff. "Like I said, it's only one date. Plus, it's to a company party and I can't turn up there without a date. How silly would I look?"

Silence lingers for a long moment. "I suppose. I do worry about you though, darling. That last man you were seeing wasn't suitable at all. Perhaps your judgment is skewed. Maybe you should come home this weekend instead."

I take a deep breath. I understand her worry-I do. I understand her desire to tie me up in bubble wrap and keep me safe. Since they moved farther in-state, her mama bear instincts have gone f**king crazy.

"Momma, listen to me. Tyler is a good guy. I can cope with my issues." The word leaves a bitter taste in my mouth, because really, my addictive personality isn't an issue in itself. "A year of therapy teaching me to recognize my triggers has me pretty freakin' sorted out."

And what bullshit therapy it was. I was forced into it. After they had done a psychiatric exam, they'd determined what my issue was-what my addiction was, is. My doctors decided that I needed to learn my triggers. My weak points. My soft spots.

Of course it was next to impossible, at first. It took me three months to accept that, no, overdosing on pills wasn't a normal way to cope with the end of a relationship. It took a further month to understand that the way I'd thought I'd loved Warren, my high school boyfriend, hadn't been love at all.

It had been obsession. An unrelenting obsession. And when he'd gotten the letter saying that he'd been accepted to Miami and wanted to break off our relationship, it had come to a head.

I see it now. Looking back, I see the way it developed. Classes together. Casual meetings with friends. Dates. Stolen kisses between classes. Late-night phone calls and holding hands in the classes we did share.

Like all high school relationships, we were besotted-but with lust. It wasn't love. Love is healthy. Love enlightens you and sets your whole freakin' world on fire. What I had with Warren was pure lust. The only thing he set on fire was my clit. And even then, he did it badly.

It's the same with Tyler. Yes, my body comes to life whenever he's around. Yes, all I want to do is touch him and hear him speak and seduce him. But that doesn't mean I'm out of control. It doesn't mean I can't control it.

My heart says that Tyler could be my Disney prince. My Prince Charming, my Kristoff, my Flynn Ryder. My mind says to tread carefully like Anna and Rapunzel did. To take it every second at a time. To never stop believing in what you dream of.

For Anna, it was to have her best friend back, her sister. For Rapunzel, it was to see the lanterns.

For me, it's the chance to love freely.

They achieved their dreams. I don't see why, one day, I can't do the same thing.

"Okay," Mom says down the phone. "Just be careful, darling. And call me on Sunday, okay?"

I nod despite the fact that she can't see me. "Sunday. Bye, Mom."

I hang up after her goodbye and put my phone facedown on my coffee table. In the silence of my apartment, my emotions swirl the same way they always do when I have to talk about the past. Somehow, when it's in my mind, it doesn't seem as loud. It doesn't seem as real.

Saying things out loud solidifies them-makes them more than a fleeting thought you can bat away. And I like batting. I like fleeting. I don't like lingering words.

I glance at the time on my phone and sigh. Time to go out and be a good little bridesmaid. Today's jobs: find Dayton some new shoes since she's changed her mind and find my shoes. Shoe shopping, I can cope with. In fact, shoe shopping is exactly what I need.

I leave Angus staring out the window in his spot on the windowsill and get into my car. I turn the music up as I drive farther downtown in a vain attempt to brighten my mood. Music is good.

I park outside Arabella's store, just behind Dayton's car, and get out. She joins me on the sidewalk and locks her car.

"I'm confused. Why are we at Arabella's and not a bridal store?"

"Because they're all the f**king same at the bridal stores. It's honestly like looking at one pair of shoes with minor adjustments-an extra crystal here, a bow there, a ruche under there. Now, Arabella's," she says, pushing open the door and glancing over her shoulder at me, "has real shoes."

As opposed to what? The dress-up ones at the bridal stores?

Whatever. I'll go with it.

I follow her in. My stomach flutters like a teen girl faced with her first crush. Seriously. The shoes. The shiny and the colors and the heels and the... And breathe, Liv. Breathe.

"Find pink ones," she orders me. "Light-pink ones. To match your dress."

"Really? I was considering those lime-green ones over there." I roll my eyes.

I look around the store for Sean. If ever I needed my shoe buyer, it's right now. There are so many gorgeous pairs assaulting my eyes that I don't think I can concentrate or indeed focus on a single pair.

After ten minutes, I'm no closer to finding a pair than I was when I walked in. I groan. There's nothing wrong with any of these shoes. I just really can't focus on one pair for long enough to even find a freakin' pink pair.

"Are you going to the party on Saturday night?" Dayton sits on the seat next to me and dumps four shoe boxes in front of her. That's not fair.

"Yeah. I think so."

"Did you tell Tyler yet?"

"How do you know about that? Ooh, I like those!" My eyes widen at the white Louboutins.

"Gorgeous, right?" She strokes them. "He came over after your little...disappearing act. Wanted to ask me why American women are so f**king flighty. Hilarious, really, when you consider that he was constantly annoyed about being hounded by women back home."

I make a sound somewhere between annoyance and disgust. I don't want to think about him being with other women. It's childish and ridiculous, but I don't want to think about him whispering the things he does to me to another woman.

"What did he say?" I try to sound disinterested, but I fail miserably. Fact is, I'm dying to know what he said. It's been two days since we've spoken, since I ran away from him, and I feel odd.

I feel a little lost.

"When he'd finally finished bemoaning your flightiness and inability to discuss anything more than serious than 'Let's f**k,' he told me he'd asked you to go with him for a date." She shoots me a sly glance and tries on a pair of Prada shoes. She immediately discards them. "And then it all made sense."

I nibble the inside of my lip. "I panicked. Like, really panicked. Then, when I'd talked myself down and decided that it won't hurt me if we go together, I was too ashamed to call him."

"He waited there-on the pier. In case you went back. For an hour."

My mouth dries at this. He waited for me? What... I... "He's a fool."

She snorts. "Tyler is many things, but a fool isn't one of them. A prick? An ass**le? A sex-obsessed douchenugget? Yes. A fool? No."

So she's right. "I haven't called him yet, no. I'm too... I don't know. It's awkward. What am I supposed to say? 'Hey, I know I abandoned you two days ago, but I'll be your date'?"

"You should call him today. He could ask someone else."

"What?" I freeze.

"He mentioned...offhand...that, and I quote, 'I should take someone else with me and see if that gives her the kick up her gorgeous, stubborn arse she f**king needs.'"

"What does that even mean?"

Dayton gives me a look that says I'm a dumbass. "Liv, open your eyes. He likes you."

"I'm a likable person."

"No, you're not. You're a f**king nightmare, as proven by this conversation." She pinches my arm. Ouch. Bitch. "He likes you. He's being patient with you. He's staying in territory you're both completely comfortable with-sex. But now, he wants more. You both have commitment issues, but you've been f**king around for, like, three weeks now. Asking you to be his date to a party held in his cousin's honor isn't anything serious. And here you are, acting like a f**king virgin at an orgy."

"I'm not-" I begin, but I quickly shut my mouth. I am. I'm acting exactly like that. And despite my own issues, the crazy bullshit inside me, he doesn't deserve that.

He deserves one or the other. All of me or none of me.

"Okay, I am. A little. But this whole situation is f**ked up, you know? And for the record, I'm not flighty. We had takeout the other night. Together." I raise my eyebrows like that makes it all okay.

Dayton sighs and shakes her head. She stands, grabbing the Louboutins box. "Make your mind up then. You either want him or you don't. You can't have sex with a little extra whenever you feel like it. That makes you a bitch."

Sometimes, having a best friend who says it exactly like it is a bitch.

15

I've been staring at my phone for two hours and seventeen minutes. I know because the minutes keep changing on the clock. Like they do. Every minute.

Every f**king long and annoyingly indecisive minute.

It shouldn't be hard to pick up the phone and dial his number. It shouldn't be hard for me to apologize for being a dick, but it is. It is because it means admitting that I was wrong.

And f**k, I hate being wrong. Much less admitting it.

Four sharp knocks at my door pull me out of my trance. I frown and get up. The moment I open the door, Tyler's lips crash into mine. Shock hits me as suddenly as his kiss just did, and I grab his arms to stop myself from staggering backward.

He kicks the door shut and drops his bag without releasing me. His hands thread into my hair, his tongue flicking again my lips, and I whimper.

"I've had one hell of a f**king bollocks day and I need you." He drops his mouth to my neck and kisses.

"I didn't think we were talking." I gasp as his palm connects with my ass.

"We're not. I'm pissed at you, but talking isn't required for sex. That happens with after-sex cuddles. The talking shit can happen after I've f**ked you senseless."

His words jolt straight down to my pu**y.

"I hate cuddling."

"I don't care. We're compromising. Fuck now, talk later." He tugs me against him. His erection is hard against my thigh, and when he pushes me against the wall, his body shifts. His hard c**k forcefully rubs against my clit through my jeans, drawing another whimper from me.

But I'm on fire-everywhere. Tingling, burning, searing fire.

"I'm going to sink into your tight, hot cunt until you forget your own name, and I'm going to do it in about two minutes, so I hope you're wet and ready for me."

Holy f**king dirty talk.

He tugs my jeans down my body and I step out of them. He takes two seconds to undo his jeans, grasp my thighs, and lift me up. His fingers run along my slit, through the wetness there, and he nips my neck.

"Feel that?" he mutters. "So f**king wet. Good girl."

He's inside me before I can respond. Driving into me hard. Fast. Almost brutally.

His fingers dig into my butt and mine wrap in his hair. My legs are tight around his waist, my back flat against the hard wall, but I barely notice the ache of my muscles or the uncomfortableness of the wall.

His hot breath on my neck, his tight grip on me, his rough thrusts inside me-they're what I feel.

I come hard, clamping down onto his cock, and he follows almost immediately. Both of our bodies covered in a thin layer of sweat, we hold on to each other, not moving. My body trembles and my muscles clench in a series of random spasms. But he's steady, still, and I wouldn't know that he was affected by his own orgasm if it weren't for the thumping of his heart and his labored breathing.

Slowly, Tyler pulls me from the wall and carries me into the bathroom. He's still inside me, and the rocking of his hips with his steps makes me bite down on my lip. God, it feels good.

And so do I, I realize.

But not just your after-sex good.

A freeing kind of good. Brought on by seeing him, by hearing him, by touching him.

"I wish I could apologize for that," he says quietly, handing me some tissue, "but I'd be a f**king liar."

I throw my tissue down the toilet after cleaning up and whip off my panties. His eyes flick to my core and back to mine. I raise my eyebrows.

"It was a surprise."

"A good surprise?"

"It was a surprise."

He grabs me and pulls my face up to his taking my mouth in a tender yet demanding kiss. "A good surprise?" he repeats, this time with an undercurrent of harshness.

"You're never a good surprise." I bite his bottom lip.

"You're not exactly pleasant yourself, Ms. Flighty."

I wrangle myself from his arms and narrow my eyes. "You forgot to add a bitch in there."

"Ms. Flighty Bitch," he corrects himself, his eyes sparkling.

I stalk from the bathroom into my room and put on some clean panties. He follows me in, and when I turn, he's pulling his clothes off.

"Uh, what are you doing?"

"We're gonna do some of that talking shit, and we're gonna cuddle while we do it."

I fold my arms across my chest. "I don't cuddle."

"You didn't sleep with a guy more than once when you met me, so shut up and get in your bed. Lose the T-shirt."

I stare him down. "I. Don't. Cuddle."

"I. Don't. Care," he retorts. He grabs my shirt and pulls me toward him. His fingers curl around the hem and he meets my eyes. "You can take it off or I can rip it off. I don't care, but it's coming off."

I raise my arms and he pulls the material over my head and drops it on the floor. "The only thing you should ever threaten to rip is my panties."

"I'll keep that in mind." He smirks. "Now get into bed. If I'm cuddling you, you can't pull your running-away shit when the conversation gets tough."

I take a deep breath, my chest tightening. He walks to my bed and gets in without a second thought. The covers pool at his waist, giving me a full view of his toned body, and I'm tempted to go over there-if only to run my fingers across his stomach.

"Don't make me get you," he warns, pulling the covers aside.

I sigh and get into bed next to him. As sad as it is, it's true. I don't cuddle. I haven't really hugged anyone than Dayton or my parents in years.

Tyler slides me across the bed and lays us both down. "Roll over."

I roll to face him, my head falling on his shoulder. His arms go around me, his cheek resting atop my head, his body warm against mine.

The hilarity of this situation is how tender our position is when, ten minutes ago, we were f**king so roughly.

"There. It's not so bad, hmm?"

I jab his side. "It's awful," I lie. Truth: his arms around me make me feel more secure than I have in a long time. Maybe it's the subtle strength in his softly defined muscles, or maybe it's the tightness he holds me with.

"Why was your day so bad?" I ask, resting my hand on his stomach.

"Two big shoots-one this morning and another in the afternoon. Both with self-righteous, stuck-up bitches who think the world and its mother owes them everything. It was a level of Hell Dante missed."

"Fun. And I take offense at you calling other women bitches. That's my name."

He laughs loudly, his body shaking, making me smile. "Oh, Liv. You're not just a bitch. You're my bitch. My flighty, irritating bitch."

"It's good to know that you have such a high opinion of me."

"Cuddle me properly and I'll switch out the irritating."

With a sigh, I lie my arm over his stomach. Instinctively, I snuggle in closer. His arms tighten around me a little more.

"There," I whisper. "Happy?"

"Yes." He kisses the top of my head. "My beautiful, flighty bitch."

I close my eyes and try to fight the way my body wants to tense. It shouldn't be a big deal-switching those words. He could have said sexy or hot or even gorgeous. None of those would be quite as intimate as beautiful sounds.

"That's more like it," I quip.

I feel his lips curve against the top of my head. Every second he holds me, every second we lie together in this way when we shouldn't be, every second we break every one of our rules, a little of my armor chips away.

It chips and it falls away, despite the elephant in the room. Despite the unsaid words, the underlying current of tension I know neither of us wants to address, I feel myself soften a little more toward this man.

My danger. My temptation. My kryptonite.

"I love the way you can lie here and cuddle me but can't go on a date with me." Sarcasm threads every word.

Well, there's the elephant. And it's stomping its f**king feet toddler-style.

"I was under the impression you were going to make other plans."

"I've had offers."

Fucking ass**le. I pull away from him, shoving at his stomach.

He grabs me and pulls me back into him. "Get the f**k back here."

"You're a prize dick, Tyler Stone. Do you know that?"

"I have a prize dick, babe." He chuckles. "But yes. It's been mentioned to me once or twice over the last several years."

"Really? I can't imagine why."

He flips me up onto his stomach. I flatten my forearms against the bed on either side of his head and stare down at him. My hair falls around his face in a blond curtain that shuts us off from the rest of the room.

He slowly runs his hands down my back, sliding them over the curve of my ass and back up. "Talk to me."

"Would you really have asked someone else to go with you to the party?"

The vulnerable hint in my voice knocks us both off guard. Me because the hint of hurt over that idea was supposed to stay hidden. Him because he's never heard me be anything other than mouthy and sarcastic.

"No, baby girl. No." He shakes his head slowly. "I would have gone alone and left hours early because it'd be bloody boring without your mouthy arse there."

I smile. "Really?"

He nods. "You said you needed to think. You've had two days. Will you put me out my misery now? If I'm going alone, I'm gonna need to update Candy Crush."

I flick my wrist and slap the side of his head. "Bastard."

He grins.

"I was actually trying to call you before you stormed in and nailed me against my wall." My lips twist wryly.

He snorts. "One way to put it. Do I get to be a smug bastard at the weekend then?"

"Why would you be smug?"

"Answer the question."

"Okay, okay. Yes. I'll go with you."

"Good choice." He tilts his head up and kisses me softly. "And I'll be smug because I know I'll be the one taking you home to f**k you, not some knob who doesn't deserve you."

Knob. "I love your British words. They're so adorable."

"I think 'taking you home to f**k you' is pretty universal."

I smack his head again. "I'm talking about knob. It's such a great word."

"And it sounds f**king hilarious with your accent." He laughs, flipping me onto my back. He leans over me, his body hard against mine.

It's not all that's hard.

He kisses my jaw, one of his hands creeping from my back around to my breast. He cups it beneath my bra, his thumb finding my nipple.

"Really?" I breathe, my body responding to him easily.

"I have a date-and with a woman who doesn't sleep with a guy more than once, doesn't date, and doesn't cuddle, no less. I need to celebrate. More specifically, my c**k needs to celebrate with your pu**y. You down with that?"

I bring my legs up, sinking my fingers into his hair. "I'd hate to be a party pooper."

I don't have anything to wear.

So go naked. I wouldn't complain.

Tyler, this is serious.

You have a shit ton of drawers and stuff. You can find something to wear to a party.

I can. But I can't find anything to wear to this party.

I told you, babe. Go naked. Or in lingerie. With stockings. And heels.

I roll my eyes.

I'll be wearing that anyway.

So what's the problem?

I sigh and shake my head at my phone.

But I need something nice. And I don't exactly have the kind of money to buy something to fit in at this type of party.

"This type of party?"

Full of people who make more in a month than I do in a year.

Like it matters what you wear. You could turn up in a f**king paper bag and put all those rich gits to shame.

My lips twitch as a gentle warmth rises in my stomach.

Charmer. But it's not solving my problem.

You'll work it out. I gotta go. My model's here.

I drop my phone face down on the floor next to me. I'm not quite sure what I expected from that conversation-but I guess something a little more than what I got.

I wasn't joking when I said that I have nothing to wear. I know I'll walk into that freakin' party and I'll stick out like a sore thumb. I don't have the bank balance to make sure I don't. Sure, I have some money, but I also have bills to pay.

As much as I wish I could default a couple of payments, I don't want my car repossessed.

Oh well. I guess I could always ask Dayton.

16

"We're going to dinner."

I look up. Dayton is standing in my doorway, her hands on her hips and her eyes glued to me. Slouched on the sofa, like usual.

"We are?"

"Yes. We are. And we're going now."

I look at my fluffy, pink slippers. "I'm really not dressed for Aaron's standard of restaurant."

"So get off your ass and get changed."

I swing my legs around with a huff. My eyes glance over at her-she's wearing skinny jeans, but they're teamed with a loose, sheer blouse, a fitted blazer, and a pair of darling Chanel heels. I would know because I've been staring at them lovingly online for weeks.

"And if I don't?"

She rolls her eyes. "Then you won't hear about Aaron's fun, new project."

"I need to hear about it?"

"You do. It's important. So move." She strolls across my apartment, her clicks clacking. She grabs my arms, yanks me up, and shoves me in the direction of my bedroom. "Heels. Nice jacket. Go."

Yes, Mom.

I do as she said, forgoing my comfortable slippers and sliding on my new Louboutins. I grab a pale-pink blazer from my closet and switch it with my sweater. I leave the tank top on. She isn't getting me out of that.

"Fine. Let's go." I run my fingers through my hair to fluff it and grab my purse.

"Tyler will be there." She glances at me suggestively.

"Mmph. Two weeks ago, you were warning me off him."

"Two weeks ago, you didn't have that goofy, little smile on your face you do now." She laughs, unlocking her car.

"Go f**k yourself," I mutter, getting in. "You're driving? To dinner? Wow."

Day's eyes cut to me. A small smile is teasing her lips. "It took me ten minutes to convince him that, yes, we're going to dinner, but I'm going to pick up my best friend and I'm not going to do that with the Stone army."

I snort. Stone army. "And Tyler probably would have pissed me off before I even got off the sofa."

"Liv, the way you slouch around, you'd scare him off."

"Pssh. Have you seen his apartment? Smears on the glass, empty cookie packages on almost every surface... I wouldn't be surprised if there's a dead bird in there somewhere."

Dayton laughs loudly. "Yeah, this is true. Tyler's not exactly tidy. Clean, but not tidy."

"There's nothing clean about Tyler."

"I'm trying to work out if I'm disturbed by that or if I want to know more."

Both of us break into a fit of giggles, only disturbed by the ringing of my phone. I check the screen and, on seeing Tyler's name, drop it back into my purse. There's nothing he can't say to me in a couple of minutes.

We pull into a parking lot outside Alessandria's, a gorgeous Italian restaurant. Aaron and Tyler are standing by Tyler's car, waiting for us, and both smile when we get out.

"No," Dayton says, walking toward them and glancing at me. "I definitely want to know more."

I clap my hand over my mouth. Of course she does. When her escorting job required it, she could be the queen of kink. I wonder what Tyler would have said if he'd seen her working rooms-more specifically, the kinky room.

"Know more about what?" Aaron questions, wrapping an arm around Dayton's waist.

"Oh, nothing you'd be interested in, baby." She beams at him, and I stifle my giggles.

No, Aaron would definitely not be interested in his cousin's emerging kinky side.

"Well?" Tyler asks, resting his hand on my lower back. "What does she want to know more about?"

"Nothing you don't already know everything about," I whisper, leaning into him.

"You talk about our sex life?" He sounds equal parts amused and horrified.

"Not in so many words," I answer truthfully. Well, I haven't. Not really.

"Mmm." He pushes me through the open restaurant door and toward the table Aaron and Day are already seated at.

"Mmm? What is mmm?" I glance back at him.

He smirks, his eyes dancing with delight. He says nothing as he pulls my chair out for me, but then he lowers his mouth to my ear and whispers, "It's the sound I'm going to make next time I'm running my tongue along your pu**y."

I swallow, fighting a shiver. Goddamn this man. My eyes follow him as he takes a seat opposite me, next to Aaron. His gaze never falls from mine, the connection never breaking, the intensity never wavering.

Sometimes, looking into his eyes is like looking into something I never imagined I could have.

Finally, I pull my eyes from his as the waiter pours us each a glass of wine. He sets the open bottle in an ice bucket at the end of table, and I grab a menu to stop myself from looking back up at Tyler. Perusing it is nowhere near as gorgeous as looking at him, but it beats letting anyone see the blush rising up my neck and flushing my cheeks.

Like, seriously. How does he even have the balls to say shit like that in public?

He knows it's true. That's how.

And now I'm thinking about him laying me back on my bed, opening my legs wide, and licking me. Great.

"I bought a bar," Aaron announces once we've ordered.

"So what's new?" Tyler asks dryly. "With Dad?"

Aaron shakes his head and takes a drink of his wine. "Nope. Outright this time."

"Wonders will never bloody cease," Ty mutters fondly.

Dayton rolls her eyes, and I'm half-tempted to join her. These two are more like brothers than cousins.

"And," Day prompts him.

"And I want you to run it, Liv."

I'm sorry. What? I choke on my wine and set the glass down. "I'm sorry. What?"

Aaron's lips twitch on one side. "I'm sorry-wasn't I clear? You'll be running it."

"Hold up." I lift my hand. "I will be running it? Are we forgetting how to ask people things?"

Dayton snorts. "Yes, Aaron, honey. Remember your manners. We went over this last week."

I nudge her thigh and she high-fives me beneath the table. So we're kids at heart. Sue us.

"Hilarious," Aaron quips. "Let's try again. Liv, I've bought a cocktail bar about two blocks from your apartment. Would you consider running it for me?"

"That's really not enough to make an informed decision. I need more details." I lean back in my chair, cross my legs, and look at him over my wine glass.

Holy f**k, is he really offering me to run a bar?

"You spend far too much time with my fiancee."

"She learned it all from me." I smile as our dinner is placed in front of us. "You do have more details, right?"

"Stop f**king with him." Tyler laughs. "Aaron, just tell her everything. Then she'll shut up. If not, I'll shut her up."

My heel connects with his shin.

"Bitch," he hisses.

I smile sweetly.

"Well," Aaron begins, a smile teasing his lips, "it's not a huge building. But there's a fair-sized bar with a dance floor and plenty of space for tables. I have a designer working on something now-she'll have it by the weekend-and it should take around three weeks to remodel. I presume that's enough time to give notice at your current job."

I swallow my salmon and point my fork in his direction. "I haven't agreed to anything yet, buddy, and that's not enough information. Cocktail bar-are we talking mixers? Shots? Getting those guys in who can do those fancy-ass cocktail-shaking routines? Which, by the way, I wouldn't be averse to. Just putting that out there."

I can feel Tyler shooting daggers at me across the table.

"Yes, I'd be looking to hire some of those 'guys who can do fancy-ass cocktail-shaking routines,'" he says with a smile. "Really, your job would be to run it. It would be full time but flexible. Your hours would be based entirely around your modeling schedule. As long as you can get in twice a week for several hours to do schedules and orders, you'll be paid a strong salary."

"A strong salary? That happens in bartending?" I snort.

Dayton nudges me and passes me a slip of paper. I grab it and look down. My eyes widen the second I see the number on the paper.

"Are you f**king serious? For being a bar manager?"

Forty thousand dollars a year is not a normal f**king salary for that shit. I know that much.

"I'll expect you to run it and make it the top cocktail bar in the city. There's a room upstairs for functions with a separate bar. I believe you can hook the young, college crowd. You're confident and you're hot. You're the perfect manager for this."

I push my fish around the plate. "Wow. Um. Really? This isn't a joke?"

"No joke," Dayton says quietly. "Donny is an ass. A lovable ass, but an ass. He's always in a shit mood whenever you ask for time off for modeling even though he knew the conditions when he hired you. You won't have to deal with pervy-ass guys staring at your tits all the time. Just Tyler."

My lips twitch. "Seriously? I could model and do this?"

"No one is making you. Or forcing you." Dayton shoots Aaron a look and gets a grin in return. "It's a big choice, so take a few days to think it over. It won't open for, like, three or four weeks at least." She leans in toward me. "I knew you'd freak a little," she whispers. "Take as long as you need to decide. You don't have to do this."

I nod. "Um, okay. I'll think about it for a few days. I really want to, but it's a huge decision."

It doesn't escape my notice that Tyler has been silent throughout our whole exchange. I can still feel his eyes burning into me. Luckily, Aaron accepts my response and the subject is dropped. We swiftly move onto Dayton's latest shoot and the fact that her latest project had her top of her class.

I stay silent throughout the majority of the conversation, happy to listen to her describe a job she loves with true passion. It's so amazing to see and hear after so many years of seeing her working as an escort-something she coveted for the control and not the job. Although she doesn't regret her decision to be a call girl, I know she loves photography.

It's easy to see when she's the one behind a camera, shooting you.

When Tyler joins the conversation, his words are short and clipped. They add a heavy level of tension over us all. One that almost makes me want to shrink back a little-it's powerful and overwhelming. And I know somehow it's because of me.

Was it really the cocktail-shaking-guy thing? Because wow.

Dayton shoots me several confused looks, ones I mirror, throughout the rest of dinner. Eventually, we pay, Tyler wordlessly covering my half of the dinner and throwing my money back at me. Literally throwing it.

I snatch it back up and shove it into my purse. My eyes narrow at him. What the hell is he playing at?

I stalk out of the restaurant behind him and go to my car. Neither of us says a word as he gets into his and drives out of the parking lot. I follow him out and realize too late that he's heading toward my apartment.

If he thinks he's getting himself into my pants tonight, he can go f**k himself.

I pull up next to him in the parking lot and get out. He's leaning against the hood of his car, his hands in his pockets, his chin against his chest. He's marginally illuminated by the streetlight, but most of his face is hidden by the darkness.

"What the hell is wrong with you?"

He looks up. "What's wrong with me? What's wrong with you?"

"Several things, but that's not the issue here." I dump my purse on the hood of his car and put my hands on my hips. "Are you having a male period or something? Because your mood changed quicker than a f**king traffic light at rush hour."

"Excuse me for being a little put out when my date started talking about fancy-ass cocktail guys or some bullshit."

"It wasn't a date." I stop. Was it? No. "That wasn't a date! That was a f**king business proposition."

"A date disguised as one." He clamps his jaw shut and pushes off the car. "That was the whole bloody point of the night. A date you didn't know was a date."

I rub my temples. "Why would you do that when you know how I feel about dating?"

"That's why I did it." He runs his fingers through his hair.

"Well, if that's the way you treat your 'dates,' I'll be rethinking Saturday night."

His arms shoot out. His hands clamp around my wrists and he pulls me into him. His fingers stroke my jaw, and he tilts my head back so I'm looking at him.

"Don't even think about it," he says tightly. "You're going to the party with me on Saturday whether you f**king like it or not."

I narrow my eyes. "Last I remembered, you weren't the boss of me."

"You weren't saying that when you were screaming my name."

"Prick!" I snatch my wrists from him, but he's quicker.

His arms circle my waist and crush me against him, flipping me over and laying me back against his car. His lips take mine in a rough kiss as his body covers me. My hands are grabbed by his and pinned above my head.

My head is screaming at me to make him let go, but my body is softening, molding to his will.

"You could learn how to cocktail-shake all fancy on Google or Wikihow, you know."

Tyler pushes his hips into mine, his erection just millimeters away from my center. "If I'm shaking anything, it'll be you, babe. Not a motherfucking cocktail."

"Then I don't see the problem."

"The problem is you." His voice is low, his mouth hovering just above my ear. There's a scratchy tenderness to his words-a dangerous one.

"I don't get it."

"You never do." He stands, releasing my wrists. I see him shake him head in the darkness.

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?" I stand, indignant.

"When you know, I'll tell you." He pulls his car door open.

"That makes no sense!"

"Neither do you, Olivia. Neither do you." He gets in, starts the engine, and reverses.

My purse falls to the ground, but I can't move. I just stand, watching him leave the parking lot.

"Fuck you, Tyler Stone!" I yell after him. Fruitlessly. Pointlessly. He can't hear me. I'm shouting aimlessly into the darkness, using its nothingness as an outlet for my frustrated anger.

I grab the purse from the ground and stomp upstairs. Straight past the elevator. Halfway up, I pull my shoes off and continue my stomping barefoot. I dig my key out and shove it in the door when Sean's opens.

"Darling, this was delivered earlier for you."

I turn and see that he's holding a plain, white box in his hand. "Uh, thanks."

"Everything okay?"

"Men are cuntnuggets," I snap, taking the box.

"Oh, I know that feeling." He rolls his eyes. "If you need me, I have wine." He kisses my cheek and disappears into his apartment.

That's tempting. Really f**king tempting.

Instead of giving in to a gorgeous Sauvignon temptation, I shove open my door and walk in. I dump the shoes and purse inside the door and set the box on my coffee table.

I stare at it accusingly. The last time I got a box like this, it was an unannounced set of underwear from Tyler. The set I happen to be wearing right now, actually.

Still, I can't have no idea what this could be.

Neither the box nor label gives anything away. I shrug a shoulder, glance at Angus, who is now sitting next to me, and tear off the tape sealing each side.

I open the lid and shove aside the tissue paper. Pale-pink chiffon fills my gaze-not quite baby pink but not quite peach. With shaking hands, I reach out and grab the thick straps. I lift it out, standing as I do.

It's low cut. Very low cut, actually. There's no way I can wear a bra with it, but the flowing material from below the bustline falls until roughly my knees. I stare at it for...ages. I don't know how long, but I only stop when my arms begin to ache.

I... Wow.

I carefully lay it out on the sofa, shoving Angus to one side so he doesn't ruin it. He meows affectedly and jumps back onto his window ledge.

My eyes find a small envelope in the middle of the box and I lift it out.

You told me you couldn't go to the party because you'd have nothing to wear. Like you wouldn't fit in there. You would and you will, and I wasn't kidding when I said you could wear a paper bag and still look gorgeous. You will.

Still, you need more convincing. So here-a dress that will go with those Louboutins perfectly. I want you in it when I pick you up on Saturday night at 6:30.

You should never feel inferior to the people you'll easily outshine.

T

Wow.

Wow, wow, wow.

That's about the only thought I can form at the moment. In fact, I can't do anything but fight the burn in my eyes.

No wonder he was so pissed off tonight. I'd be angry at me, too. I wish he'd f**king told me he'd done this-at least then I could have apologized for something I didn't know I was doing on a date I didn't know was happening.

But still. The guy bought me a dress because he doesn't want me to feel like I don't belong at his cousin's party. And then I was a bit of a bitch to him.

I drop the paper and grab my phone. My eyes fill with angry, guilty tears as I bring up my text messages and click on his name.

You are the sweetest ass**le I've ever met. Thank you.

His response is almost immediate.

No coming round to kick my ass?

Not this time. I'm sorry about earlier.

Me too. I was a bit of an ass.

A bit?

Ha. Funny girl. By the way, Liv?

What?

It was still a date.

My lips curve infinitesimally. "I know," I whisper.

I know. Not much of a first date. You'll need a do-over on Saturday.

My phone rings. His name flashes on the screen, and I answer. Before I can say anything, he says, "Saturday will be the best first date of your damn life, woman. Don't doubt it for a f**king second. Be ready for six thirty or I'll be forced to spank you."

He hangs up on my gasp.

Holy.

Crapping.

Hell.

17

I'm wearing the dress.

And I'm late.

And I'm not particularly caring right now, because Tyler Stone in a suit is the sexiest thing this side of the motherfrigging universe.

The deep-navy jacket is tailored to him and hugs him perfectly while his matching pants are perfectly pressed but still show the curve of his tight ass. From shiny shoes to a perfectly knotted black tie, he looks f**king hot. Really sexy. Handsome. I don't even know.

"Are you done looking yet?"

"No." I drink him in with my eyes once more. "I think I might have to go commando. You and a suit together should come with some kind of panty-wetting warning."

A smug smirk curls his lips. "Get in the car, Liv." He opens the door and it bumps me into his body. "And we'll see if I can't do something about those wet panties." He practically shoves me into the back seat and presses a button on a small intercom. "Drive for a while."

He practically shoves me into the back seat and presses a button on a small intercom. "Drive for a while."

That's it. No questions asked. Drive while I do whatever I'm planning to do to the woman in the back of this car.

Tyler shifts in his seat and stares at me. Every part of me.

"I knew this dress would be perfect for you." He takes my clutch from my fingers and drops it on the seat behind me. "Didn't realize how much I'd want you out of it though," he whispers, coming closer. "It's been too long since I tasted you."

"It's been, like, three days."

"Precisely." His eyes burn into mine. "Too long. Lie back."

When I don't move, he presses his hands against my shoulders and pushes.

"I said lie back. Now."

Helpless to fight both his heated command and his strength, I lie back against the seat. I hook one arm over the back to steady myself and curl the fingers of my other hand around the edge of the seat.

Tyler's fingers creep up my legs and across the silky smoothness of my stockings, edging my dress up. He pauses when he reaches the top of them and rubs his thumb along the lace.

"I like these. Did you bring a spare pair?"

"No. Why would I?"

"Hm." He pushes my dress up to my waist and pushes my legs open. "Try not to ruin them when you come, okay?"

"Okay," I breathe, watching his face get closer and closer to me.

He runs one finger along my pu**y, his hot breath cascading over me. "You're right. These are soaked. They'll have to come off to dry."

He slides them down my legs and drops them on the floor without a second thought. I'm fully exposed to him now, more so when he grabs one of my ankles and rests it against the back of the seat.

The first touch of his tongue against my clit draws a whimper from me. It's a much-wanted, much-needed feeling. Intense and teasing, he covers me with his mouth and sucks on the tender bud. I buck my hips into him, gripping the leather of the seat.

"Quieten down," he murmurs against me when I moan loudly. "I have no shame in everyone knowing I've been eating your pu**y on the way to this party, but don't make the poor driver suffer for your pleasure."

I laugh-something which soon turns into a muffled groan of delight. Tyler works me with his tongue, sliding it along my folds, dipping it inside me, rubbing it against my clit. His hands cup my hips, but his grip isn't strong enough to stop the endless gyrating of them.

I f**k his face, hard and fast, and he responds with the same vigor. The orgasm hits me with a slow burn that turns into a roaring flame and shakes my whole body.

Jesus, he wasn't wrong when he said that he'd shake me.

Tyler covers my body with his and takes control of my mouth. I can taste myself on him, a rich but sweet taste. He sweeps his tongue through my mouth, completely dominating me, and pulls back.

"How long to the Southfall from here?" he asks through the intercom.

"Two minutes, sir."

"Take us there." He turns his attention back to me. "You have two minutes to get those knickers back on before I consider using more than just my tongue."

I raise my eyebrows and sit up before bending to grab my panties from the floor. I curl them into ball in my fist, smiling to myself. So I'm not in the habit of carrying around spare stockings, but panties are a different matter. Especially when Tyler is around.

He says nothing as the car pulls up outside the hotel and the car door is opened by a valet. He simply takes my hand and helps me from the car. I feel the heat from his hand seeping through the material of my dress at my lower back when he rests it there to guide me inside.

Discreetly, I pass my panties into my other hand and tuck them into Tyler's pocket. He laughs quietly, pushing me into an elevator. The doors close in front of us, and he presses a button on the keypad.

"Did you just tuck your knickers into my pocket?"

"Is there a camera in here?" I ask, ignoring him with a smile. He nods. "Good. Cover it for a minute, would you?"

He frowns and puts his palm over the camera in the corner. I reach into my purse and pull out my second pair of panties.

"I lied about the spare panties."

Tyler laughs loudly as I slide them up my legs and readjust my dress, making sure it's not tucked in anywhere. The elevator doors open as I straighten up.

"Seriously. Spare underwear? Is this going to be a new habit or a challenge?" Tyler murmurs in my ear, pulling me close to him.

"Both," I whisper back. "There's no doubt you'll get me out of the first pair on a regular basis. The second pair is the challenge."

"You want me to get you out of your second pathetic excuse for a pair of panties by the end of the night?"

"I expect you to."

"And if I don't?"

"Then the only action you get is with your right hand." I kiss his jaw, pausing outside the entrance to the room where the party is being held.

He spins me so my back is against the wall and looks down at me. Heat and desire swirl in his dark eyes, and the smirk teasing his lips is nothing but pure seduction.

"Making threats now?"

"No. Promises."

"You forget who controls who in bed." He leans in, his words a whisper of air across my earlobe.

I curl my fingers around his tie and lean up onto my tiptoes. "And you don't come until I have, so remember that when you think you're in complete control." I kiss his jaw once more and release him, shooting a flirty look over my shoulder.

I kiss his jaw once more and release him, shooting a flirty look over my shoulder. He stares after me, shock now mixing into his gaze. He grabs me just before I can pull open the door and slams me back into his body.

"Liv," he growls, making my hairs stand on end. "If you're on your knees with your hands tied and my fingers pulling your hair while you suck my cock, I'm in f**king control. Remember that next time your rebellious little arse thinks otherwise."

I shudder at his words. I have no shame in admitting that that's my ultimate fantasy-a situation in which I'm completely surrendered to him and unable to do anything but pleasure him. And not knowing how that situation would end?

That drives me crazy.

I want to know. That exact situation-me on my knees, my hands tied-has been mentioned a few times now. I want it to happen. I want to know if he'll come in my mouth or if he'll move me and f**k me until I scream his name in a series of incoherent cries.

Tyler opens the door and guides me through, bringing me out of my filthy thoughts. But goddamn. It's hard not to think dirty when he says shit like that.

He leads us through the room and straight to the bar. Sparks are still shooting through my body from his words and his touch, and I think I'm accepting this as a natural, automatic feeling to him now. I'm pretty sure that, if the man looked at me just right, he'd make me come on the spot.

"You look flustered," Dayton whispers in my ear, wrapping her arms around me. "Wine?"

"Wine? Get me some f**king vodka." I release her and straighten, accepting Aaron's brief hug. "Congratulations," I say to him. "You're quite the badass now."

He laughs. "Shh, Liv. Don't tarnish my previous reputation. I don't want my employees to know I'm really a soft bastard."

I grin. "Oh, damn. I forgot to tell the baker not to put that on the cake."

He laughs, and Tyler wraps an arm around me, pulling me into him. For a second, I close my eyes and savor the warmth of his body against mine. For a second, I relax into the way his hand curves around my waist and holds me to him with certainty.

Then the moment is broken by the sound of a voice cutting through.

"Tyler! How great to see you. I didn't realize you'd be here tonight."

He turns, not releasing me, and faces the newcomer. She's brunette, her hair so dark it's almost black, and her light-brown eyes are almost the color of honey. She's slim where I'm curved, and I can't help but notice that she's my opposite in every way.

I also can't help but notice my sudden and irrational desire to cling to Tyler like a freakin' koala and tell this bitch to f**k off to the Grand Canyon. Or somewhere equally far away.

"My cousin is the guest of honor. Why wouldn't I be?" he responds casually.

I catch the twitch of Dayton's lips. My eyes flick to hers. Her gaze meets mine, the glint in her eye undecipherable.

"Of course." Brunette Bitch smiles. "How about a dance? To catch up?"

"I don't think so. I'm here with somebody."

"Tyler Stone on a date? Wonders will never cease." Her smile turns spiteful. "I'm sure she won't mind us catching up for old time's sake." Her light gaze cuts to mine.

"Actually, she would," I reply, my hand fisting the back of Tyler's jacket. "But she'll let him go as not to look a total bitch in public, because who would want that?"

My words wipe the smile off her face and a smug glow settles in my stomach.

Yeah. I know how this game is played. I get it-she f**ked him. Well, now I'm f**king him, and she better believe he'll be coming back to me in three and a half minutes when this song is over.

"Are you sure?" Tyler whispers in my ear.

"I'm your date, not your girlfriend. You can do whatever you want."

When I let him go, he steps toward her with a reluctant glance back to me. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Aaron kiss Dayton on the cheek and greet another man in a suit, but my full gaze is on Tyler leading this woman to the floor.

I lean against the bar next to Dayton, and she hands me a glass of vodka and Coke.

"He doesn't know her name," we say simultaneously. A small laugh leaves us both.

"Seriously," I say, sipping my drink. "I don't know whether to be annoyed that he's f**ked so many women he can't remember their names or impressed that he's f**ked so many women and can remember mine."

"Both," Dayton replies. "Definitely both."

My eyes cut to him dancing with Brunette Bitch. Definitely both, all right.

"He doesn't actually care about her, you know?" Day says, breaking into my thoughts. "He doesn't care about any of them. You can't care about someone you'd don't remember or recognize."

"It doesn't matter if he does. We're not in a relationship, Day. He's not my boyfriend."

"Okay. Like you once said to me, when you've come to your senses, we'll revisit this conversation."

I turn to her, but she studiously avoids me. Her eyes peruse the dance floor, pretending to look everywhere but at Tyler. Pretending because that's the only place she's looking. Because I know she'll neuter the prick if he so much as lets his hand brush the top of the bitch's ass.

"I'm not sure what you want me to say." I sip my drink again.

"I want you to admit the truth. You're as closed off as I once was. It's how we lived, honey. But the Stone men don't take that shit. Tyler will tear you apart until the only thing you can do is admit how you feel while the tears roll down your face."

"Reassuring." Sip.

"It's the truth. That man wants you. He's staring at you right now. Wishing he could be over here with you instead of dancing with this...whoever the hell she is."

"Of course he is." Sip.

She snatches the glass from me and sets it on the bar. "Seriously, Liv? Pull your f**king head from your ass. I can't tell you how he feels, but he. Wants. You. Only you. And you feel exactly the frigging same. Yeah, your past is a little f**ked. Yeah, you're scared about how this shit will affect everyone else if the events leading to the f**ked-upness happen again. But you know what, sweetie? You need to stop thinking about everyone else and start thinking about yourself."

I lick my lips. "Not with him. He's dangerous, Day. He's the one thing I could give in to wholeheartedly, but he's the one thing I could end up regretting more than anything."

"And he's the one thing you could end up treasuring more than anything."

"Where's my cynical best friend and what have you done with her?"

"She remembered what it's like to be in love." She smiles. "And she sees the same opportunity for you and wants it for you, too."

"So much for warning me off him, right?" I grab my glass. Sip.

She grins. "Give in, Liv. For one night, give in to him and let him show you everything you're missing."

I smirk at her words. Oh, I do. I have-several times. I've submitted and I've given in, and I'm willing to give more. I'm willing to give him everything I have-physically. Mentally and emotionally? Well, we'll work on that. When I hear from his mouth that it's more than just physical.

I won't let myself believe it until he tells me himself this is more than just a bunch of kinky-ass sex.

And I hate how right she is. That's why you should never have a best friend, for the record. They see the bullshit you don't and they can tease you into believing with your words.

The only problem is that, while staring at that handsome British man slowly trying to step away from the woman across him, I want to. Believe him. I want to believe every word he whispers in my ear and mumbles against my lips. I just wish it weren't so hard to give someone your everything when a part of you believes you're their nothing.

Mercifully, the song ends and Tyler finally disengages himself from Brunette Bitch. He crosses the room forcefully, determinedly. When he reaches me, his hands find my back and my neck. He draws me to him, his mouth hot against mine. Certain and determined. Knowing and seductive.

I melt into him. There's nothing else I can do. My hands curl around the lapels of his jacket and pull him to me as firmly as he's holding my body against his.

Tyler Stone is everything I forbid myself from.

He is the only thing I've ever truly fought myself from. And I fear, deep down to my bones, that my fight is as futile as that of an ant's against a footstep.

I tremble when he touches me. It's a quiver I feel throughout my body. He has a deadly kiss. One that could end me as quickly as it enlightens me.

"Don't ever make me do that again," he hisses into my ear.

"I won't," I answer truthfully.

Do I ever want to see him with his arms around another woman? No. Not at f**king all.

"Good," he replies. He wraps both of his arms around me and holds me tight to him. "I'm punishing you for that, by the way."

"I'm not sure your idea of punishing is synonymous with mine." My hands fist his jacket as I mumble into his chest.

"You'll find out later." He turns his face to mine and brushes his lips against my temple.

His hold on me is so strong and steady that I couldn't break away if I tried. If I wanted to-which I don't. There's comfort in being enveloped against his firm body. I'm not a cuddler, not really, but I'd happily stay in Tyler's arms and be cuddled by him for hours.

"Would you like a drink?" he asks me, barely releasing me.

I glance at the bar and my empty glass. Well. "Please."

"Wine? Or are you sticking to the strong stuff?" A grin spreads across his face.

"Fuck off." I jab him in the stomach and step away from him. So the vodka made him dancing with that woman a little more bearable. My stomach didn't sink quite as much as it would have otherwise.

Tyler raises his eyebrows and orders us some drinks. His ability to do so without taking his eyes from mine is incredible. Really. It's a wonder the girl behind the bar isn't bitch-slapping him for his rudeness.

It's a wonder I'm not bitch-slapping him for the uncomfortable feeling his intense gaze is filling me with.

"It's okay to look somewhere other than at me," I snap, grabbing my glass of wine. Sure. We'll go with the verbal bitch-slap, Liv.

"I know, but the view isn't nearly as good," he responds smoothly. "Let's go and sit down."

I move to the nearest table, but he grasps my upper arm and leads me to the corner.

"Over here."

I bite my tongue and let him take me there. Of course we'll sit in the corner. Why would we come to a party and actually be a part of it? Such a ridiculous thought.

"Sit."

"I'm not a dog."

He glances up at me from his seat. "Sit down, Liv."

"I'm fine standing."

"Sit the f**k down before I pull you down."

"You're really quite controlling sometimes, you know that?"

"Only because you're disobedient." His lips twitch.

"But I obey in bed and that's where it matters." I sit down and turn away from him.

He laughs. "Do you know you do this thing where one minute you really like me then the next you're bitching at me like you're at the height of your period and someone stole all the chocolate?"

"Yes. It's one of my better qualities."

Another laugh. "I agree. Your feistiness turns me on. A lot."

My eyes drop to his pants. No kidding. "Is there a point to this conversation?"

"Yes." He takes my glass from me and sets it on the table. Then he grabs my chair and yanks it toward him.

I grasp the edge of the table to stop myself from falling off of it from the sudden movement. Unnecessarily, because Tyler hooks an arm around my waist and holds me to him.

"I want you to admit something," he breathes against the back of my neck.

Every word makes my hair stand on end. "Admit what?"

"Admit how much my dancing with...whatever her name was...bothered you."

"I told you to go."

"In spite of that, Liv. When I looked at you-which I did, a lot-I could see it in your eyes."

"What 'it'?" I wriggle to get away, but he holds me closer. His other hand slides down my thigh and inside it, running up until his thumb is close to brushing my pu**y.

"Fear," he whispers.

I swallow. That's ridiculous...but plausible. Sure, I wasn't acknowledging it at the time, but I was a little afraid. Of what? I don't know. I just know I was.

Maybe I was-and am-afraid of losing something I won't let myself have.

I cover his hand with mine at my side, sliding my fingers through his and closing my eyes. "What are we doing?"

"We're wingin' it, baby girl. Totally f**king winging it."

I couldn't have put it better.

I have had... Wait? How many glasses of wine? I'm not sure. Let's say I decided to wisely stop counting at four. Yes, I decided to stop. I didn't lose count or anything. Nope. I haven't had that many.

I giggle to myself. So I'm on the drunker side of merry, but whatever. It's been one of those nights where I'm feeling more than I want to, and the alcohol is a great number. Wine is a great number. And friend. It's a very, very good friend. You know why? It doesn't tell me to pull my head from my ass. It just goes on down and hugs me with warmth. Yep.

I'm sacking my best friend and hiring Sauvignon Blanc.

"I think someone needs to go home." Tyler's words crawl over my neck with his hot breath.

I lean back into him, smiling. "Maybe just a little."

"A lot," he corrects, laying a hand either side of my waist and slowly running them down. "I have plans for you tonight, Liv. Big plans."

"Then your plan must be your cock." I slap my hand over my mouth. Holyshitdidnotmeantosaythatoutloud.

He laughs loudly, his chest vibrating against my back. My cheeks flame. Holy shit. Someone remind me to replace the brain-to-mouth filter. Fucking hell.

"Um, I mean, really?" I say weakly.

"Oh, babe." He can barely talk through his laughter. "You would be right. My c**k is the plan. Specifically, my c**k inside you."

"And here I was hoping you'd get me on my knees." I sigh, spinning in his arms and resting my hands against his stomach.

"It can be arranged." He leans in, his lips ghosting across mine. "With your hands tied...in front of you this time."

"Mmm, okay. But why in front?"

"I'll tell you when I'm ready for you to know." He lowers his mouth to mine once more and takes it in a possessive kiss.

The taste of the beer he's been drinking mingles with the lingering wine on my tongue in an intoxicating mixture. Or perhaps that's the way his tongue is gently flicking through my mouth and over my lips, tasting every inch of it. Or perhaps it's the way his fingers dig in at my hips, desperately pulling my pelvis toward his so I can feel the way his c**k is hardening.

"Let's go," I whisper, grazing his bottom lip with my teeth. "Your c**k would be much more comfortable with my lips wrapped around it."

Tyler groans, a low sounds that reverberates through me. "Don't say things like that, or I'll skip the hand-tying and have you suck me off in the car."

"I can do both," I say into his ear before stepping away.

His eyes flare with heat, a possessive, threatening heat, and I grab my purse. We stop briefly to say goodbye to Aaron and Dayton. Then, moments later, we're in the elevator and my back is against the wall.

Tyler kisses me without warning, without preemptive speech or indication. It's hard and rough and raw. His hand fists my hair and tugs painfully, making me moan into his mouth. He takes the opening and thrusts his tongue between my lips. It's so forceful that I can feel my lips swelling with the pressure, becoming tender beneath his mouth's assault.

He releases me a second before the doors open, and I barely have time to reorient myself before he whisks me out of the elevator and into the lobby. With one arm around my waist, he pulls my shaky body through the people entering and outside. The car pulls up and Tyler steps forward to open the door.

I take a deep, shuddery breath and slide across the smooth, leather seats. He gets in after me, adjusts his tie, and tells the driver to drive straight to my apartment.

The engine rumbles to life. Is this it? Finally the moment where he'll let me taste him properly? Or will he force me to wait although it's clear that it's the one thing I want more than anything?

He answers my question by snatching my purse from my hand and dumping it on the floor. He yanks me toward him before grabbing my hips and depositing me on his lap so I'm straddling him.

His erection rubs against my center, hard and firm, and he cups my ass, drawing us ever closer. His lips touch my collarbone in an openmouthed kiss and travel across it to my neck.

"As much as I would love to unzip my pants and force your mouth around my cock, my desire to have you on your knees and tied while you do it is stronger." He kisses down to and over my br**sts. "So I'm going to tease you... By the time we reach your apartment, you'll be on the brink of an orgasm. But you won't come."

"I won't?" I gasp at the feel of his teeth nipping my breast.

"No. Tonight is about me. Tonight, you exist only to pleasure me. You won't come until I say so. Understand?"

I drop my head back when his tongue dips inside the dress and flicks across my nipple. He lifts me, sliding his hands beneath my dress. His hand connects with my bare ass in a sharp slap that echoes through the car.

"Understand?"

"Yes. I understand."

"Good." He rubs the spot he just smacked to soothe it.

His hand comes between us and I hear the sound of a zipper undoing. Slowly, he lowers me back down.

"You won't need these..." A rip fills the air as my thong is torn from my body.

My mouth forms a silent 'o.' Did he just seriously rip my panties?

"Challenge accepted and accomplished," he murmurs, pressing my now-bare cunt against his hard cock.

One hand in my hair and one on my ass, he covers my mouth with his and pushes me against him. His hips grind beneath me, rubbing his shaft against me, teasing me in the most deliciously awful way. My body soon responds and I find myself gyrating against him instead.

My muscles tighten as my release builds slowly, the feeling of his hardness beneath my softness and his tongue dominating my mouth too much to bear.

Even he groans, and it's a sound I hear everywhere, I feel everywhere. Another groan, one that mixes with a cry of my own. A tightness of my muscles, a building heat inside, and then...

"Sir? We're here now."

18

Tyler slides me back with a gentle bite on my bottom lip. "Looks like you're saving that one for later."

Oh my god. He actually just denied me my orgasm. On the f**king brink of it, too.

I'm ready to slap him, to slam him back in the chair and demand he finish me off... But I can't. Here, I have no control. I don't want any control. I want to be controlled.

So I grab my purse and follow him from the car without a word. My body is trembling, begging for the finish, and my clit is aching so painfully that I'm tempted to turn around and finish myself off.

"Don't even think about doing it yourself," Tyler orders like he can read my mind. "I want to know that, when you come later-because you will, I promise you-you've been waiting for it. I want to know your orgasm has been building for as long as I've wanted it to. I want to know that, when you come, Liv, it'll be the best f**king orgasm you've ever had."

My mouth dries, and my hand shakes as I try to insert my key into the door. Tyler covers my hand with his to steady it and slots the key into place.

"Are you afraid?" he says into my ear quietly.

"Are you going to tie my hands and put me on my knees?"

"Yes."

"Then no, I'm not afraid."

He cups my jaw and turns my head to face him. Our gazes linger together for a moment before he nods and pushes open the door. "Go into your bedroom and take off all your clothes."

"Even the stockings?"

"Yes. Then put the heels back on."

I drop my purse on the kitchen table and glance over my shoulder. He's standing at the door, slowly shrugging off his jacket, and a shiver runs through me.

It feels like, after everything we've done so far, every limit we've pushed, tonight is different. He's no longer asking me to do things. He's not even telling me. He's demanding me, forcing me to submit to his will. Controlling me.

And I like it.

I disappear into my room just as he's unknotting his tie. I swiftly remove my clothes and throw them on the ottoman at the end of my bed. I pull my heels on and stand. My reflection in my mirror catches my eye-my cheeks are flushed, my hair messed, and my ni**les are puckered in the light chill of my apartment.

My eyes flick to the doorway. Tyler steps into my room, naked himself but for his tie wrapped around his fist. I peruse his body, each inch of his toned torso I look at making my breath speed and my heart pound a little faster.

His c**k bobs as he walks toward me confidently. My eyes are drawn to his erection, and the sight of his naked body makes mine clench. He hooks two fingers beneath my chin and tilts it up, drawing my eyes to his. When our gazes connect, he lowers his hands to mine.

He unwraps the tie from his fist and slowly pulls my hands together. My chest heaves at the first touch of the satin against my inner wrists. Anticipation fills me, sending adrenaline rushing through my body with and excited fervor.

Tyler's lips twitch as he ties the knot. Tightly. One more tug to make sure it's secure and then he pulls me toward him. He inserts his c**k between my hands and I curl my fingers around his shaft.

A light groan fall from his lips. "Get on your knees."

He eases me down to a kneeling position and releases me. He wraps one hand around himself and strokes slowly. He's teasing me, pushing my still-aching clit to a limit I didn't know existed. I lick my lips.

My eyes are firmly on his bulging c**k as he brings it toward my mouth. I part my lips and draw him into my mouth easily. My tongue flicks across the end of him and the bead of salty pr**cum there before dipping into the ridge just behind it and circling him.

Instinctively, my hands come up and my fingers brush the base of his erection, ready to grasp him and hold it steady. But he grabs my hands and shoves them down, threading his fingers into my hair after. He tugs my head back, making his c**k fall from my mouth, and I gaze into seductively dark eyes.

"The only part of your body that can touch my c**k is your mouth. Use your hands again and I'll have to tie them behind your back. And believe me, that'll be no good for you later."

I nod. I wrap my lips around him once more, this time taking him right in my mouth. My tongue finds a vein pulsing at the side of his shaft and massages it, licking up and down it as I suck. Over, under, around-I leave no part of his c**k untouched by my mouth or my tongue, drawing deep, low groans from him, hisses of breath, whispers of my name.

He forces my head forward, taking control of the moment. I'm bound, tied, unable to do anything but comply, do whatever he wants. Even as his hips move forward at the same time as my head and I'm forced to open my mouth wider to accommodate him, I don't complain. Wordlessly, selflessly, willingly, I let Tyler f**k my mouth vigorously.

And then he swells inside me. I prepare myself for the inevitable hot, salty spurts of his come. Instead, he pulls me back by my hair, sending a dangerous thrill through my body, and bends down.

His mouth is rough against mine, and he stands me up against him. "Get over there and flatten your hands above the mirror."

I look down at my hands and realized that he's tied them differently. I can twist them in his tie but not remove them. Apparently I take too long examining my bonds because his palm connects with my butt for a second time tonight.

But f**k, I like it.

"Mirror," he growls.

I obey, walking to the tall mirror. With my heels on, I'm just the right height to rest my hands above it like he wants me to.

He planned this. He knew it would be perfect.

"Step back, but not too far. I want to see your gorgeous ass sticking out in front of me."

My heart pounds furiously, desire trickling over my body, creating goose bumps and shivers across my skin. I step back once, feeling vulnerable but ready.

"Perfect," he murmurs, approaching me. He runs two fingers along my aching pu**y. "And you're wet. Shit."

The floorboards creek, and I feel his tongue against me. One long, slow lick, with a forceful push on my clit that makes me gasp.

"If I knew you liked sucking my c**k this much, I would have made you do it before." He stands and palms my butt cheeks. "If you could see your ass right now, you'd see my bright-red handprint. I don't like hurting you...but you like that, don't you?"

"Yes," I reply, dropping my head.

"Lift your head." He reaches around and pushes my head up. "Now open your eyes and look in the mirror. I'm going to f**k you, and I'm going to spank you, and you're going to watch yourself enjoy every second. You're going to watch yourself scream my name when I'm through with you."

He pushes into me in one swift, easy thrust. I throw my head back-it's so sudden, so filling, so f**king needed. He pauses inside me, holding himself completely still, while my muscles clench gently.

"But you're not going to come until I say you can," he adds huskily. "Because it's been too long since I've been inside your tight little cunt and I plan to stay here for a long time."

He pulls out and slams into me hard. Our skin slaps together as he does, filling the room with the primal sound. It's base and raw and everything I need right now. Everything I want.

Right now, he's controlling me so wholly. My body, my pleasure, even my mind. All three are at his mercy as he drives himself relentlessly into me and smacks me with his fingers. The slap is followed by a gentle palm, contradictory of his thrusts.

The sting is sweet. Welcome. Embraced.

Finally, finally, I'm not being treated like a china doll. Finally, I've found someone who isn't afraid to bend me over and f**k me into next Tuesday and spank me even further.

I cry out when I feel him hit the end of me. He stops abruptly, grabbing the back of my hair and yanking my head up. I didn't realize that it had dropped, that I wasn't looking in the mirror anymore.

"Look." Short. Sharp. Demanding.

My cheeks are flushed red, my eyes shining with building pleasure, my lips swollen and parted. My chest is heaving, and I can even see the tremble of my knees.

"Good girl."

He f**ks me again, slower this time but just as deep. After releasing my hair, he brings one hand round my body. He squeezes one of my br**sts then drops his hand to my pu**y.

"Watch in the mirror. Watch as I play with your clit and bring you to a second orgasm you'll be denied."

I gasp. His fingers brush my clit, a movement I see and feel. Every rub of my clit is in time with his c**k stroking inside me. Every one is perfectly synced, meant to tease me and push me even further.

Heat floods my body. My muscles tighten. Everything in me is ready for the sweet release of the pressure balled deep inside me.

Until he lets me go once more. His hand drops from my clit, his c**k leaves my channel, and his fingers fall from my hip.

And I'm standing here, naked, panting, desperate.

Craving.

Tyler touches his lips to the base of my spine. He kisses up my back until his c**k nudges my opening once more.

With his hands on my hips, his c**k pushing inside me, and his breath across my skin, I whisper, "Please."

"Please what? You want me to f**k you? Spank you? Make you come?"

"All of them."

"You don't control this, Liv."

"I'm not trying to control it, but you never said I couldn't beg."

His eyes meet mine in the mirror. "I quite like it when you beg."

"Please," I repeat. I finish on a moan when he fills me entirely.

He doesn't respond again. But his eyes stay on mine as he moves inside me. Long, slow, hard, fast, gentle, rough. He varies, holding on for a ridiculous amount of time, teasing me until I'm wound so tight that I know I'll explode.

"Look at you. Not me. At you." His fingers circle my clit. "Watch as you come."

One roll of my throbbing clit is all it takes.

I scream, actually scream, as pleasure overrides every sensation in my body. Blinding me, overwhelming me. My hands fall with the intensity, and Tyler holds me to him-a fact I'm vaguely aware of.

My legs are shaking. My heart is thumping. My blood is rushing through my ears, deafening me to the point where I barely hear Tyler's orgasm follow.

I can't do a thing but surrender yet again to him. To the flood of insanity filling my body and trembling my limbs.

Slowly it subsides, and I come back down from the crazy high. Tyler's arms are wrapped tightly around me and his face is buried in the side of my neck. The tie is gone-my hands are free. I crook one arm round and sink my fingers into his hair, wanting to hold him, too.

Needing to hold him.

I need to hold him. I need him to hold me. I need him.

The revelation shakes me.

I need him.

In a way I've never needed anyone before. He understands me. He gets me. He gives me what I want the way I want it without question. No judgment. No hesitation.

With Tyler, I can be myself.

And I need him.

He pulls out of me, oblivious to the shitstorm in my mind. The shitstorm with a startlingly clear outcome-I'm in too deep to get out, but not far enough to stay.

He leaves to go to the bathroom. I stay here, standing, staring at myself in the mirror. I lean against the edge of the bed and pull off my shoes, discarding them on the floor by my closet.

One-thousand-dollar shoes just got thrown on the floor. But really, who cares when your biggest fear is now a reality?

The drunken haze that left in the car is back, complete with a head-spinning blur. I stagger, grabbing the foot of my bed to steady myself.

Tissue wipes along my center-but not from my hand, but I know I can trust Tyler. A minute later, he comes back and lifts me up.

He lays me in bed, tugs the covers back, and climbs in next to me. He wraps his arms around me, and I lay my head on his chest, squeezing my eyes shut. In fact, I do more than just that. I wrap one of my arms around his body and hold him as tight as he's holding me.

"Did I hurt you?" he whispers, breaking the silence.

I shake my head. "No," I reply just as quietly.

He nudges my face up and kisses me. Gently. Softly. Reverently. "You are so perfect for me it scares me."

It scares you? Scares you?

I rest my cheek back against his shoulder, burying my face into his neck. He curls into me, drawing me even closer, breathing me in. And the words fall breathlessly from my lips without warning or thought.

"I'm addicted to you. And that scares me."

He flexes his fingers against my back, and that's the only indication I have that he heard me. I don't blame him for not replying-it's not every day you get told that someone is addicted to you.

Just when I think he's asleep, when I'm on the brink of it myself, he whispers, "I was never not addicted to you, my beautiful, flighty bitch."

19

He's still here.

I open my eyes slowly, fighting the heaviness of the sleep that wants to pull me back under. Light filters in through my open curtains, illuminating Tyler's face with the early morning sun. I let my eyes fall over his face, lingering on each one of his features.

His dark eyes are closed and the deep-brown lashes that frame them are fanned across his cheeks. I've never really paid attention to them before, but looking close up, I can see that they're long and curled at the ends. They're girls' eyelashes-perfectly formed and totally worthy of eyelash-envy.

His cheekbones are defined just so, sitting on either side of the perfect nose. Or almost perfect. From this angle, I can see a tiny bump on the bridge of his nose. Somehow, it makes him more real. Especially when my gaze follows the strong, shapely line of his jaw and falls onto his mouth.

Soft. Pink. Curved at the corners.

"Morning." The husky tone of his voice sends tremors down my spine.

"Morning," I whisper, running my thumb across his bottom lip.

"Enjoying the view?" Tyler opens his eyes. They're shining with laughter.

"It's not bad. Probably better than yours."

He grins. "I gotta say, I've never seen anyone look so cute with panda's eyes."

My fingers touch below my eyes. Crap. Evidently, I should have been using the last few minutes to fix my face up instead of staring at his.

A soft chuckle leaves him and he takes my hand away. "Kidding." He brushes his lips against mine. "You look great."

I roll my eyes. "You're not fooling anyone, Ty."

I move out of his arms and get out of bed. I run into my bathroom and look into the mirror. Holy shit! Fuck panda eyes. I'm actually a panda! Mascara and eyeliner are smudged all around my eyes, and there are a few faint trails down my cheeks. There's even a smudge of it by my chin. Not to mention patchy foundation.

I look like I got in a fight with a makeup counter and lost. Abysmally.

I grab a makeup wipe from the packet in the cabinet and start scrubbing at my face. There's a light-red rash beneath my jaw, presumably from Tyler's stubble. When I feel like I've removed the toddler-esque mess of hell from my face, I stroll back into my bedroom.

"You probably should have grabbed a robe before you went into the bathroom," Tyler says, lying on his back. "My morning glory isn't so f**king glorious right now."

My gaze flicks to the tent halfway down the bed. "Honey, your c**k is always glorious. It's just demanding. And constantly has an appetite for sex." I give him a pointed look, but his smirk almost breaks my serious facade.

"I appreciate you noticing it's superiority amongst all cocks."

"I never said it was superior."

"Ever come as hard as you did last night?"

"No."

He sits up and holds his arms out. "Superior cock."

A giggle escapes me. His confidence is adorable-and warranted. It is a pretty damn superior cock. Of course, it helps that the man it belongs to isn't shy about using it.

I put on some underwear. Tyler coughs behind me and I pause before pulling on some sweatpants. "What?"

"You're going to leave me like this when it's all your fault?" He tugs the covers aside, exposing his erection.

My eyes flick down to it and back to his face. "I have a shower. You're welcome to use it."

"Are you going to join me?"

"No. I'm going to run to the store and get something for breakfast. I was supposed to go yesterday, but I didn't get a chance to."

"Why not?"

I wiggle my hands. "You think these nails are this pretty naturally?"

He blinks at me. "Okay. High-maintenance nails come before shopping for food. Gotcha."

Bastard.

Tyler grins and gets out of bed. He crosses the room to me, cups my chin, and pulls my face to his. "I'll have a cold shower. You get dressed and feed that demon cat of yours. Then we'll go to my place and I'll make us breakfast."

"Or I could run to the store and get some Lucky Charms or something."

"Lucky Charms?" He seems horrified, releasing me and backing out of the room. "No, Liv. You're having more than Lucky f**king Charms for breakfast."

"There's nothing wrong with them!"

"Perhaps not on a normal day, but this isn't a normal day. I need to keep my bitch fed well so she can keep up with me."

I grab the nearest thing to me-a can of hairspray-and throw it in his direction. It hits him in the butt and I hear him yell. It's followed by a laugh.

"I'll get you back for that, you bitch."

"Counting on it," I murmur.

I stare at my sweatpants for a minute before switching them for some running pants instead. It's been a few days since I've gotten off my lazy behind and did some exercise that didn't involve another person.

I tug on a sports bra and tank before starting a crazed hunt for my sneakers. Angus immediately takes up a chorus of meows upon seeing me, so I tip a can of food into his bowl and absently run a hand down his back.

Where the hell are my sneakers?

After a few minutes of no luck, I shrug and head back to my closet. Well, my new ones have been sitting there for a month. I didn't actually need them when I bought them...

I tug on the grey-and-bright-pink sneakers and tie them tight just as Tyler emerges from my bathroom. Wearing nothing but a towel and water drops that cascade down his body.

Oh. Hello.

"Going somewhere?"

Resisting the urge to follow one particular droplet trail beneath the towel, I meet his eyes. "I figured I'd run to your place. I've been kind of lazy lately."

"Run?"

"Yeah. You know, it's like walking, except faster."

"Your sense of humor amazes me." He rolls his eyes and whips off his towel.

Way to distract me, ass**le. "Good. It's another one of those great qualities of mine."

He snorts. "I gathered. No, I meant, why are you running when my car is here?"

"Your car is here?"

"I drove here last night. Then the car to the party actually turned up." He dries his hair. Naked. Still.

"Are you going to put any underwear on any time soon?" I grab his boxer briefs from my floor and throw them at him.

He grabs them with lightning-fast reflexes. "I suppose. Why don't you let me drive back to my place?"

I stand and rest my hands on my hips. "Tyler, you live, like, six blocks away. I can probably run to your apartment quicker than you can drive it."

I grab a hair tie from the side and pull my hair up into a ponytail as he thinks this over. Now with underwear on. Unfortunately.

"Fine. Then I'll race you."

"Race me? What are you, six?"

"Twenty-six," he fires back. "But that doesn't mean I don't like to play sometimes."

I arch an eyebrow. "Fine. I'll race you. What do you get if you win?"

He buttons his pants then steps toward me slowly. "If I win, I get you...for twenty-four hours. And I get to do whatever I want with you." His breath coats my lips with warmth. "You'll be completely and utterly mine."

My heart speeds up. "And if I win?"

"Then you get me," he whispers, brushing the backs of his fingers down my cheek. "For twenty-four hours, to do whatever you want with."

I raise my eyes from his lips to meet his challenging gaze. "You're on."

He smirks. He takes one step back from me and pulls his shirt over his head before he grabs his keys then takes my hand. He tugs me out of my apartment and down my stairs, barely giving me time to grab my own stuff.

"Hold on," I say, stopping him before he gets into his car. I plug my headphones into my cell, start my running playlist on Spotify, and shove the phone into my bra. Tyler watches with amusement as I adjust it slightly. "Bras make good pockets," I explain, hooking my headphones into place over my ears.

"Ready?" he questions, sliding into his Mercedes and starting the engine with unnecessary force.

"Ready to kick your hot, British ass? You bet I am." I wink and start running a second before he pulls away.

"We'll see," he calls out the window as he drives past me.

I take a right turn at the end of the street. My feet pound against the pavement as I pick up speed, determined to win this race. Determined to have twenty-four hours of him completely at my mercy to stuff up my sleeve and whip out whenever I feel like it.

And of course, that poses the question of whether it's twenty-four hours straight or if I can break it up into twelve two-hour segments. Because that could be even more fun.

I take a turn onto a one-way street-the very same street that means at least three minutes will be added onto Tyler's driving time. The one that takes two minutes running off mine.

He might have wheels where I have legs, but I have the upper hand because I know Seattle. I know the streets, the blocks, and every f**king shortcut.

His block comes into sight after a few minutes, and I sigh. A sharp pain starts in my side. Damn stitch. This is why I shouldn't go five days without running-my body turns into a lazy pile of crap, unable to cope with a ten-minute run.

I turn the corner to his apartment building and scan the parking lot. Bingo. Sucker.

Grinning to myself, I pull my headphones from my ears, leaving them to dangle around my neck, and walk into the building. The doorman eyes me suspiciously, but I walk straight past him and head for the elevator.

I push the button to take me up to Tyler's apartment and use the few minutes alone to catch my breath. When I get there, I realize that I can't get in. I don't have a key.

Fantastic. I win, but now I have to sit out here like a friggin' lemon and wait for him to show.

Unless... I give the handle a jiggle. It opens. I raise my eyebrows. Clearly someone needs a lesson in locking his front door...

And cleaning up after himself.

I think I just walked into a teenage boy's apartment.

There's a mug on the island in the kitchen. Actually, there's a mug and three plates. A shirt over the back of his sofa. A glass on the coffee table-the very smudged, dirty coffee table. And I'm pretty damn sure I can see a few socks poking out from the bathroom door.

"You need to learn to lock your door," I say, hearing him come up behind me. "And how to look after yourself, evidently."

"Isn't that what women are for?"

I turn and punch him straight in the gut. "You sexist bastard."

"Fuckin' hell, Liv," he laughs, rubbing his stomach. "Remind me never to get punched by you again."

I narrow my eyes. "Tyler Stone, you are a twenty-six-year-old, fully grown man. Are you telling me you still need mommy to keep your shit in line?"

"No. I'm just lazy. I like to save my energy for other activities. None of which, by the way, I've heard you complain about."

I fold my arms across my chest. "Shut up."

He laughs again, drawing me close to him. He nudges his nose against mine. "You won."

"You sound surprised."

"I am. I was. Then you punched me and I realized you're a lot f**king stronger than you look."

I unfold my arms and hook them around his waist. "I'm just full of adorable little surprises, aren't I?"

He grins, but it only lasts a moment before he closes his mouth over mine. "You're all sweaty," he mutters.

"That happens when you run," I say sarcastically, pulling away. I look around his apartment and sigh. "Do you have a dishwasher?"

"Do I look like I hand-wash dishes?"

Cocky bastard.

"You don't look like you wash dishes at all." I look at him flatly. "Okay, here's the deal. You make breakfast and I'll clean your apartment. I can't eat in this mess."

He smirks. "Calling in some of your twenty-four hours?"

"You bet I am. One hour."

"Okay. Personally, I think it's a waste of an hour. I mean, you could come, like, three times in sixty minutes, but whatever."

I pick up one of his dirty socks from the floor and throw it at him. "Shut up and go and make me breakfast, bitch."

He stops, raises an eyebrow, then roars with laughter. I grin.

Yep. I'm going to have so much fun with these twenty-four hours.

I'm pretty sure the bacon and pancakes just contradicted the effort I put in to run here. I'm even more certain that the sex after balanced it back out.

Apparently, my choice of what to do this morning was overruled. I don't think I'm going to get my full twenty-four hours after all. The orgasms were great though...

"Do you have work today?"

I nod, tying my wet hair up in a messy bun. "At two. I'm on the long shift today. What are you doing?"

"Working. Engagement shoot."

"Romantic."

"They pay the bills." He grins.

"Right. Because you need to work." I raise my eyebrows and give him a pointed look.

"I don't need to work, but I want to. I might have a cushy little trust fund courtesy of my parents-and the fact I sold my share in their company back to them-but I'd get bored sitting around on my ass all day. I need something to do." He lies back on the sofa. "I used to teach photography, but then I decided to go freelance."

"Why?" I sit on the other end of the sofa, nudging his ankles apart so I can squeeze in.

He shrugs. "I didn't like teaching all that much."

"How long did you do it for?" Bad question, Liv. Bad question.

I should get up and run now before I find out any more about him. Before this conversation delves any further into his past. Before it goes too far.

"A couple months. Like I said, it wasn't for me."

"But you teach Dayton now, right?"

"An apprenticeship isn't really teaching. That's why she's in college one day a week."

"But you still teach her stuff."

"Yes..."

"I don't get it."

He frowns. "Don't get what?"

I tuck a stray lock of hair behind my ear. "You said you didn't like teaching, but you teach Dayton. Like, what-did you just wake up one morning and decide that you didn't want to teach anymore? Then do it again, except the other way around?"

"Day's basically family. It's different." His tone is a little tight, and instinct tells me that it's a sore subject.

It's a shame that my desire to know everything is a lot stronger than my instinct.

"Well, yeah, but no. I don't particularly enjoy pulling pints for Donny in the bar, but I've worked there for a while now. I wouldn't just stop and go and do something else randomly. Of course, I don't have the means to, but-"

"Can we drop this now?"

"I don't think you're telling me the truth about why you stopped teaching." The words blurt out of me before I can stop them.

Tyler's eyes instantly harden. "Are you ready to sit and tell me everything about your past?"

"No."

"Then don't expect me to tell you everything about mine. And definitely don't expect it when you still look at me as your f**k buddy."

My lips form an 'o.' Shock-that's what I'm feeling right now. Shock that he came right out and said it... Especially after what I admitted to him last night.

Yeah, I was drunk. Yeah, I was high off an orgasm. That doesn't make what I said any less true.

That doesn't mean my addiction isn't grabbing hold of him, obsessing over him, desiring him.

It doesn't mean I'm not.

"You know that isn't true," I say in a small voice.

"No, I don't. What you said to me last night doesn't tell me how you look at me. I'm a f**king addict, Liv. I've had sex with a whole bunch of bloody people I don't see as anything more than a quick shag."

A lump forms in my throat. I swallow once, twice, three times, but it doesn't go away. It lingers, heavy, full of emotion.

"And me? Is that how you see me?"

"Don't turn this shit round on me. You know exactly how I feel about you."

I stand and lift my hand to run it through my hair before dropping it lamely when I remember that it's up. "No. No, you know what, Ty? I don't have a f**king clue because you've never actually told me. So until you're ready to tell me, don't sit there and tell me how I see you. Don't sit there and f**king berate me for not telling you how I feel when you haven't done it yourself."

I turn and walk to the door, grabbing my phone and keys from the kitchen counter as I do.

"Who's the one who fights going on a date, Liv? It isn't me!"

I yank his door open and look at him over my shoulder. "Dates are what you do with someone you're interested in getting to know. And until you know why I fight your dates, don't sit there all righteous and f**king judge me."

His door slams loudly behind me, echoing in the empty hallway. I step into the elevator, my hands shaking, my heart pounding, my lungs constricting tightly.

I clench my fists and press my knuckles into my eyes. Breathe. One to ten. Breathe.

One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine.

The elevator doors open.

Ten.

I glance around, stupidly expecting him to be here although he has no reason to be. Why would he be? Sex. That's what we agreed.

Except I really never should have agreed. It's because of that split-second decision that I now can't breathe. It's why I have tears burning the back of my mind and my fingers are itching to press the buttons on the elevator.

Why every part of my being wants to travel back up there and run into him and beg him to glance over all my crap, just for now, and stay.

Why my stomach is twisting with the thought of not touching his skin, not hearing his voice, not having anything to do with him other than official wedding duties.

It's why my addiction is taking hold, clamping down on me. Trying to force me to do what I know is wrong.

I 0stand in the middle of the lobby for what seems to be the longest few minutes of my life. I ignore everyone around me, ignore the doorman asking me if I'm okay.

Then I look up, I turn, and I walk out of the door.

20

"Dill, have you ever wanted something you know is really bad for you?"

He laughs, his whole body shaking, and lifts his pint. "Every day, darlin'!"

I smile, taking the five-dollar bill from his outstretched hand. "Not like that. I mean, something that could really change your life. Tip-it-upside-down kinda change."

"Getting philosophical?" Donny slides onto the stool next to him. "Be a doll and get me a beer, Liv."

I shoot him an annoyed look. "Aren't you supposed to be working, boss?"

"I'm taking a break." He smiles at me charmingly. "And my beer?"

Chewing the inside of my lip, I grab a bottle of Bud from the fridge, uncap it, and put it in front of him. "Two ninety please."

"Are you joking?"

"No. You just put the prices up, and it'll be my ass you chew out later when the stock and books don't add up."

Donny smirks and digs out a ten-dollar bill. He throws it on the bar with, "There. Put me another one in and keep the change."

I flip him the bird. Boss or not, be an ass**le, I'll treat you like one.

Old Dill shakes his head. "What do you mean, wanted something you know is bad for you? We're not talking beer so I'm not following."

I sigh and lean my hip against the bar. "Okay. So, there's this guy-"

"The one who was in here the other week?" Donny asks.

I nod. "He's the best man at my best friend's wedding this summer. Anyway, we've been spending time together. Kind of forced, kind of not. But I know he's not good for me."

"So dump him." Dill shrugs.

"Really? That's your solve-all answer? 'Dump him'?"

"Carry on."

"I like him. Like, I think I really like him. He's just not good for me...emotionally." I nibble the skin on the side of my thumb. "What do you do when you want someone and they want you but you know they're the absolute worst thing for you?"

Both men stare at me like I've grown two heads. Their gazes soon turn contemplative. How do I know? They're both gazing into their beers like that's exactly where they'll find their answer.

When they don't respond after a moment, I serve someone else at the end of the bar.

"I guess the only thing you can do is to walk away. If they're really that bad for you, you have no reason to stay," Donny finally says.

"And if walking away would hurt as much as staying?"

Dill sips his pint. "Then you're f**ked either way, darlin'. You gotta pick the one with the happiest ending."

"But I don't know which one that is."

"Then you have to guess and hope you get it right."

Yeah, that's exactly what I'm afraid of.

I walk out of my agent's office with a spring in my step. Kind of. I even give Clara a smile. So it's little bitchy, but it was nicer than the I-wish-you-were-six-feet-under glare she gave me.

Whatever.

But there's a spring in my step and the sun is shining. It's, like, thirty degrees, but the sun is still there.

When Sheila called me in right away, telling me that there was big news, I nearly crapped my pants.

What? Victoria Secret? Did they want me? Oh my god. Was this it?

Of course, I totally forgot about the Balfour shoot-and my bra, but that's another story. They've selected five models to go to California tomorrow to test shoot actually on the beach. They're being kind of picky, but I get it. It's their first big headline campaign.

And it could be me.

But I'm not thinking of that because, as of right now, I still have to work when I'm supposed to be shooting. Nothing a quick trip in to Donny can't fix.

I head in the direction of the bar, my happiness and excited mixing with nerves when I think he'll say that he can't give me the time off. Because that's a total possibility. He could say no, despite his promise to be flexible.

This is short notice though. Really, really f**king short notice.

He's behind the bar when I walk in and give him a sheepish smile.

"What have you done?"

"I'm coming to beg." I bite the inside of my lip. "I've been called for a shoot and need some time off."

"When?"

"Tomorrow." I wince as I say the words.

He stops stocking the mini bottles of cranberry juice and slowly turns to me. "Tomorrow?"

"It's a third test shoot-the final one. I found out literally five minutes ago."

He looks at me with his light-blue eyes. "Where is it?"

"California."

"How long?"

"Three days."

"Go on. I can cover you."

"Really?" I squeal the word. "You will?"

"I promised you I'd be flexible. But hey, you tell these guys, big-shot company or no, if they want to hire you, I need at least seven days' notice so I don't have to bust my ass while one of my pretty barmaids runs out on me."

I laugh and lean over the bar to kiss his cheek. "You're a star, Donny. Thank you so much!"

I run out of the bar as quickly as I entered and head back toward my apartment to change. I don't think my best friend will be impressed if I turn up to meet her for lunch in sweatpants.

No, scratch that. I know she won't be impressed.

My phone rings just as I get into my apartment. "Hello?"

"Hey, look, I can't make lunch. I'm so sorry." Day's voice travels down the phone. "My dress designer wants to video chat."

"Oh. Okay. No worries." Damn. I tell her about being called back for the shoot. She squeals. I squeal. We both laugh.

"What are you going to do now?"

"Keep my sweatpants on." I snort. "You're lucky you caught me just before I pulled out a pair of jeans."

"Lazy bitch. Why don't you go and make things up with Tyler?"

"Because I have nothing to make up. I'm not the one who got all stick-up-my-ass. I might have pushed it a little, but he was a real f**king prick to me."

"Sounds about right." She sighs. "Liv, I don't even know why he left teaching, okay? Aaron won't tell me. Says it's not his business to tell."

"I don't care, okay? It just pisses me off that he calls me out on crap he does himself."

"Yeah, well, you're not gonna get past that unless you talk."

"Talking would imply that we're having a relationship." I dump my keys on the table.

"You're still there, huh?"

"We haven't told each other how we feel...if he even feels anything. And we certainly haven't put it out there whether or not we want a relationship. Which I don't. He is not a good person for me."

"You should have worried about that before you let him f**k you a second time."

"I should have worried about that when I decided to f**k him without knowing his name," I snap. "It's my fault and I get it. I just don't know what the hell I'm supposed to do about it. I want him but I don't, and I hate him but I don't."

She's silent. I run my fingers through my hair while I wait for her response.

"You're addicted to him, aren't you?" Her voice is small and not like it was earlier.

"Yes. And he knows. He just doesn't know how badly I am." I screw my eyes shut. I won't cry. I won't.

I will.

"Then you have to stand up right now and make a choice. You put an end to it now and move on, or you take a risk and see it through. You can't keep lingering in that bullshit 'are we, aren't we?' limbo you have been in. Both of you deserve more than that."

"I know." I sniff and swipe under my eyes. "It's been, like, twenty-four hours since I walked out and...I miss him."

"Ever thought that what you're feeling isn't addiction?"

"What are you saying?"

"Have you considered that you might be falling for him?"

I shake my head, although it's only to myself. "No. I know the difference. I know my addiction. I'm very much in lust with Tyler, but I'm not in love with him. I don't know him to love him."

"Sometimes you don't need to know someone to love them. There's nothing about love that makes sense."

"Love and addiction aren't one and the same, Day. I crave him, but not in the way you crave Aaron. "

She sighs heavily. "Okay, well, whatever you feel, you have to deal with it. Talk to him, one way or the other. I have to go."

"Okay. I hope your chat goes well."

"Thanks. Oh, and Liv? Put on a bra if you go out."

My lips twitch and I hang up.

Talk to Tyler. I don't want to talk to Tyler. But then, I don't want to not talk to him. So I'm in a complete clusterfuck, really.

Do I want a relationship with him? Not right now, but I could in the future... That's not fair to him-to lead him on with a maybe. So he hasn't admitted himself that he wants anything more than we have despite endless hints, but I can't guarantee I'll want more.

What if I change my mind soon though? Like, next-week soon. Then, I could regret not holding on to it.

"What am I supposed to do?" I stare at Angus. He lifts his head and slowly opens his eyes. He doesn't seem bothered by my predicament at all.

Fine. I'll remember that next time he's begging for a fourth meal. Grumpy little shit.

I walk into my room and change-making sure to put on a bra-and stare at my front door. I could walk through it. I could stand here. I could...

I could shut the f**k up about thinking and actually do something.

I take a deep breath, and instead of thinking, I start doing.

Of course he's not here. I mean, why would he be? It's completely irrational to imagine for just one second that he might be at his apartment at noon on a Tuesday.

I close my eyes and lean my forehead against his door with a sigh. So much for my moment of bravado coming over here. That'll never happen again.

My phone buzzes in my jeans pocket. I grab it out and put it to my ear without looking. "Hello?"

"Liv? Where are you?"

I stand up straight at Tyler's voice. "Um...I'm at your apartment. Well, outside it, actually. Waiting. Wait. That sounds creepy."

"No creepier than me standing outside your apartment, banging your door down to talk to you. Your downstairs neighbor? The old lady? She's evil."

Mrs. Rowen. Yup. She's no joy. "You're at my apartment? Why are you at my apartment?"

"Why are you at mine?"

"I enjoy the view from the window next to the elevator?"

He laughs quietly. "Okay, Ms. Stubborn, Flighty Bitch. Stay there. I'm coming home."

He hangs up. I stare at my phone, blinking hard.

Is he at my apartment to talk to me while I'm at his to talk to him?

Why do I get the sudden feeling that Dayton doesn't really have an appointment with her dress designer?

I think we've been set up. And I think she knew exactly how it would go.

Sneaky little f**ker.

I press send. She instantly sends back a winking face. Just a f**king winking face.

I'm trying to work this out in my head. Why would she send us both to the other's apartment? Unless she thought I wouldn't go anywhere because, okay, I am kind of stubborn. That would make sense. And I kinda screwed that plan up by doing the opposite of what she thought.

Whoopsie. I think?

The elevator doors open and Tyler steps out. Actually, runs out would be a more accurate description. He runs from the elevator, pushes my back into his door, and presses his lips against mine. His hands come up to frame my face and sink back into my hair, tilting my face up to his.

I fist his shirt, completely taken off guard by him. Well, that, I didn't expect.

"You realize we were set up," is the first thing I say when he releases me.

Way to go, Liv. Not, "Hi. Wow." Or, "I'm sorry I was a pushy bitch." Or, "I'm glad to see you."

"We were?" He raises his eyebrows and reaches around me to open his front door.

I nod and follow him in, explaining. He cuts me off three quarters of the way through with another kiss and drags me toward the sofa.

"Sit," he orders, tugging me down with him.

Since I don't have a choice, I cross my legs beneath me in the middle of the sofa, facing him. Tyler settles his own on either side of me and wraps them around my waist, holding me still. I open my mouth, but he presses two fingers to my lips.

"No. Let me talk."

I nod, and he drops his fingers.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have spoken to you the way I did. I should have just told you I didn't want to talk about it and that was it, but I just got really, really pissed off."

"No kidding," I mutter.

"Shh," he scolds, flicking my bottom lip with his thumb. "It frustrates me because I wish you'd recognize what we could have... What we already do have. I wish you'd stop fighting me at every turn. I want more with you, Liv. I want more than just sex, okay? I want you, and I want you and me together."

I push my hair from my face and look down. "I know. And I know we kind of have more than sex anyway, but I don't want to accept it yet. And that isn't fair to you, Ty. You shouldn't be forced to be in a relationship I refuse to think of as a relationship."

"Are you breaking up with me but not really breaking up with me?"

"It's not fair to you," I whisper. "I can't expect you to go along with what I want or think of us the way I do when I can't think of us the way you want. When I can't accept us the way you want."

"Wow. This is awkward."

"I'm sorry." My chest constricts. "I should probably go."

"Oh, wow. Now it's awkward." He laughs. He reaches out and wraps his arms around me, tugging me into him. "I didn't mean awkward that way. I meant this is awkward because I have no intention of letting you go."

I breathe him in. He smells like English tea and sweat-not the hottest combination, but it's something real and natural. And Tyler.

"But I can't stay," I mumble into his chest, resisting the urge to hold him.

"No, you can. Don't you get it, Liv? I understand everything, okay? I don't know what's happened in your past, but I know it's obviously something really important. Something that has a huge impact on the way you are right now. On why you fight something that's come together so naturally."

"I don't understand."

He rests two fingers beneath my chin and tilts my head back. His eyes meet mine. His eyes, dark and honest and captivating. "What I'm saying is that I know you're not fighting me because you want to. You're doing it because you have to. I also know that, one day, you'll stop fighting because you'll see how absolutely futile it is. And when that day comes, I'm gonna be right here waiting for you to see sense."

"I still don't understand." Frustrated tears burn my eyes. Why won't he let me go? It would be easier if he would. I never came here to stay. I never came to take this anywhere other than the end, but he's making it impossible.

He's making me need to stay.

"I've never met anyone else so perfect for me-inside and outside of the bedroom-and I'm not letting you go. I'm gonna take you any way I can get you, baby girl. Any way at all. Even if that means it's on your terms."

"You're crazy," I whisper, a tear falling down my cheek. "You don't get what my addiction is, do you? You don't get how I could destroy you, me, and everyone around us. I could hurt us all without batting an eyelid because that's what my addiction is. It's just too tempting to fight."

"You're the biggest temptation I've ever been faced with. I'm not going to let you hurt us. Do you see that?"

"No, because you don't know."

"So tell me."

I shake my head and drop it to his chest. I finally give in to the restlessness of my arms and wrap them around his waist. I draw in a deep, shuddery breath against him. "I can't. I'm just...not ready. I'm not ready for a lot of things. I don't think I'm ready for us."

"I wasn't ready for you when you walked into that f**king shoot, but here we are. Truth is, I'm not just a sex addict anymore. I like to think of myself as a sex-with-Liv addict these days."

A laugh leaves me. "I'm not surprised. We do it enough."

He smiles against my neck. "Come on. You trust me. I trust you. If we're f**k buddies with a little undefined extra for now, then that's what we are."

"I don't have a choice, do I?"

"No, you do. Until tomorrow when my plan B is to barge into your bedroom and make you come so hard you forget why you should say no."

I sit up straight and look him dead on. "Do I get to choose plan B?"

"If you really want to." He smirks.

"In that case... Oh, crap. No. I'm not here tomorrow."

Tyler runs his thumbs under my eyes. "You're not? Where are you?"

"California. For the Balfour shoot. Again."

A slow, easy grin spreads across his face. His dimple appears and his eyes light up. It's the most spellbinding smile I've ever seen on him. "You got called back? That's amazing!"

"Yeah, I only-"

He pulls me against him gently. His lips brush across mine in a succession of soft kisses. I run my hand up his chest and sink my fingers into his hair at the same time that he cups my ass and lifts me onto my knees. He lies back on the sofa, taking me with him, and wraps his arms around my body while keeping the same easy rhythm of our mouths.

Nothing is rushed about these simple, easy kisses. It's the purest connection we've ever had, and I'm thrilled and I'm scared at the same time. As he holds me tighter, I realize that I'm more thrilled than I am scared.

"Mmm," I hum when he kisses the corner of my mouth.

"When do you go?"

"Hm? Go where?"

Tyler laughs, bringing me out of my slightly dizzy haze. "To California."

"Oh. I fly at, like, ten tomorrow morning."

He runs his hands down my back to my butt and taps it lightly. "Come on. I'll help you pack."

"You're not going to drag me into your room and strip me naked?"

"Liv, if I wanted to strip you naked, I wouldn't have to do it in my bedroom." He sits us up with a grin. "And as much as I'd love to, you need to pack."

"I'll be fine. It won't take long for a few days."

He clasps my hands with his and pulls me off the sofa, leading me to the door. "I'm going to make sure you have everything you need. I know you'll forget something important."

I step into the elevator after him. "No, I won't. I need makeup, clothes, a phone charger, shoes, a hairbrush, and a toothbrush."

He smirks, wrapping his arms around my waist from behind me. His hands trail lazily across my stomach, and he presses a firm kiss to my skin where my neck meets my shoulder.

"And your vibrator."

My skin hums after his words. "Why do I need my vibrator?"

"So you can use it and think of me."

"And if I get searched at security?"

"Then we're all gonna have a bloody good giggle at your expense. It's going in the suitcase, and you're going to use it, and you're going to think of me." He nips my neck. "Got it?"

"Got it."

21

California is hot. Really, really hot. Compared to Seattle, it's another world.

And standing here below the burning sun, pretending I'm not covered in sweat so thick it could be another layer of skin, is next to impossible. Thankfully, the photographer calls a break and one of the girls runs over and hands me a water bottle. No one else is suffering the way I am.

But hey. That's what you get when you put a northern girl in a southern climate when the North is pretty much still in winter.

After ten minutes, a wipe-down, and a reapplication of my makeup, I head out to the waterline. The photographer is a nice, friendly, thirty-something woman who's famed for her beach shots. It's evident to see-the positions she asks me to contort my body into is practically f**king yoga. I'm half tempted to ask if she'd like to shoot me in the downward dog position.

Of course, she'll likely give the other girls, who are holed up in different hotels, the same instructions. I just have to hope none of them can do yoga, because then I'll be pissed off. Right now, my fitness regimen is all that's keeping me balanced. If I hadn't been doing basic to medium yoga for three years, I'd be flat on my ass.

After an hour, we call time on the shoot and I head back to the hotel. I wrap a towel around my shoulders, more to keep the sun off me than anything, and head up to my room. It's not the best hotel in the state, but it has amazing views of Santa Barbara and its pier. Heading down there is on my plan for tonight.

Go to the pier, grab a glass of wine somewhere, then back to my room. Maybe for my vibrator.

Knowing I'm hours away from my family, my friends, Tyler-it's surreal. This is only the second location shoot I've been on that's taken me this far away from my home.

Before, it didn't matter. Before, there was nothing tying me down to my home city. Now, though, it's different. So different.

Now, there's something-somebody-anchoring me to Seattle. He makes me want to go home right now. To go to the airport and hop on the next flight out of California. Two nights without him seems crazy although it's nothing new.

Perhaps the difference is in knowing that, back in Seattle, he's within walking distance. I can walk, run, or drive for only a few minutes and I'll be at his door.

Here, though... Here, we're nowhere near each other.

Two days ago, faced with the prospect of walking away from him, I thought I missed him.

I was wrong.

Missing someone isn't the idea of leaving them. Missing them is knowing you're so close yet so far away.

Seattle to Santa Barbara isn't the hugest distance in history. For example: he could be back in London. That would be a distance-a whole country and an ocean would separate us.

I guess... I guess I'm in a constant state of missing Tyler. We're so close physically. I know what makes him tick. I know he likes it when I suck lightly on the pulse point at his neck, how I run my nails down his back.... He knows where and how I like to be kissed, how to restrain me, what to say to me to get me wet...

But emotionally, we're worlds apart. In theory? In theory, we might as well be London and Seattle. I'm the plane in Seattle, stuck on the runway, hesitating at takeoff. He's the driver at Heathrow airport, waiting for the client who may never show.

We're so close yet so far apart.

I wish-with everything I have, everything I am-that I could push past the heaviness of my past and leap recklessly into his arms. I wish it didn't have a hold on me.

All I have is the knowledge that I'm not broken. I don't have nightmares. I don't have flashbacks. I don't suffer because of it-I'm not depressed or anxious.

I'm perfectly normal if you don't count my affliction for addiction to a single person.

I'm whole. I'm just a person with a demon from her past that causes her to fear. Find me someone who doesn't have that, whether it be a nightmare or a broken heart from a high school boyfriend, and I'll applaud your ass as you run out into the sunset.

I change from the bikini, stuff it into a bag to send back down, and slide into a pair of shorts and a shirt with spaghetti straps. I pour a glass of wine and step onto the balcony. It leads straight from my "front room," and the view covers the whole beach. I can see the pier, the stores on the street beside it, the people streaming through the streets.

It's a whole different world. One day, I'd love to live somewhere like this. Somewhere busy yet quiet. Somewhere packed yet empty. Somewhere you can step out your door and breathe in the salty sea air without the chill of Seattle.

I settle back into the chair and sip my glass. At least I stopped at a store before I got here-thank you, Google Maps, for your expertise on where I should purchase wine.

I set the glass on the table next to me and gaze out at the beach. There are people wandering... Playing, kissing, dancing...

His hands are all over my body. His fingers stroke me in the most intimate way, caressing each of my curves in turn with the same amount of reverence. He's worshipping me, leaving no part of me untouched by the softness of his fingertips.

His mouth settles by my ear. "I missed you," he breathes, running his lips down my neck to my collarbone. My hips tilt up, my knees bend, my arms reach up...

And grasp thin air.

Godfuckingdammit.

I'm alone. I'm still sitting on the chair on the balcony, staring out at the now darkened coastal sky, my glass of wine inevitably warm. There's a heavy ache in my pu**y. My clit is throbbing, and I get up, grabbing my glass.

Well, it looks like Tyler is going to get his own way after all.

My penchant for dirty dreams about him is getting ridiculous. I mean, really. On a deckchair? Is that my latest sordid fantasy?

I tuck the glass of wine into the fridge and move through to the bedroom. No. The dream definitely involved a bed. I stare at my suitcase.

He said that I should use my vibrator. And think of him. My pu**y clenches at the thought. Fuck. My body is wound so tight with the anticipation of the dream release that it's now expecting the real thing.

With a sigh, I get up and dig through my case. I find the long, flesh-colored vibrator tucked deep within my clothes. As I stare at it, I run my fingers along its ridged surface. It's no Tyler, but it's a portable orgasm, so it'll do.

I lie back on the bed, the hard member still encased in my palm, and close my eyes. I imagine him in all of his hot, British glory, standing in front of me. He's shirtless, his stomach tensed after a workout, showing me each pack of muscle on it.

My hand finds my breast and creeps beneath my shirt, cupping the tender flesh. In my mind, he reaches down to his pants and undoes them, pushing down his boxers as he does. His hard c**k springs to life, long and ready for me, and he wraps a hand around it.

I flick the switch at the base of my vibrator and trail it down my stomach. That's how I'm imagining him-standing at the end of my bed with his hand firmly encasing his c**k and his eyes firmly on my pu**y.

My vibrator finds my clit and trembles against it slowly. I can almost imagine that it's Tyler's fingers teasing me, circling me, rubbing me. I can almost imagine that I can feel his breath cascading over my skin and his fingertips trailing along my thigh.

I run the vibrator along my pu**y and rub, spreading my wetness across myself, before I dip it inside me. It takes a few gentle pushes before I have it all inside me, but it gets there. With a few soft thrusts, my whole body is humming.

My mind imagines that it's Tyler leaning over me, pushing into me slowly. Then pulling out, teasing me deliciously, torturously, erotically.

My breath hitches. Fuck.

"Don't let me stop you."

I stop at his voice filtering through the room.

No. Surely not.

I open my eyes and look toward the door. He's standing there, exactly like in my imagination with his hand around his cock.

"I mean it. Don't let me stop you," he repeats huskily. "Tell me though, babe. Are you thinking of me?"

Everything in me responds to his words-my heart, my chest, my stomach.

"Yes," I whisper, pulling my vibrator out of me and pushing it back again.

"Good. Now I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to tell you exactly what to think. No, don't stop what you're doing. Are we clear?"

"Crystal," I gasp.

"Perfect. Do you want to know what I'm doing? Do you want to know everything?"

I gasp again as the vibrator hits the tender spot inside me. "Yes."

"Okay." His harsh breathing fills the room with mine. "I'm holding myself, Liv. My hand is wrapped so f**king tightly around my c**k and tugging it so hard at the sight of you f**king yourself with that. You thinking about me, babe?"

"Yes."

"What are you thinking?"

I moan. "I'm thinking you'd feel good inside me. I'm thinking you'd fill me better than this vibrator, that you'd make me come harder. Your hand against me would be better than my own. I'm thinking you'd f**k me harder than I could ever with this."

"Good," he grunts. "'Cause I'm thinking you've been particularly bad actually using this vibrator. Surely you know by now the only thing allowed in that gorgeous pu**y is me?"

"I don't... I can't..." Pleasure ripples through me.

Fuck, he's watching me. He's actually watching me f**k myself with a vibrator and he's getting himself off in the process.

"Come for me, baby. Imagine it's me burying myself deep inside you. Imagine it's my c**k inside of you and my thumb rubbing your clit. Imagine how I kiss your neck and rock my hips until your tight cunt is clenching and coming all over my hard cock."

It's all I can feel. It's a phantom feeling. Him over me. The bed dipping. His mouth swallowing my cries.

It's not.

It's him. Real and tangible, leaning over me, his hand still working his cock. His mouth covers mine, hot and desperate and demanding. His tongue sweeps my mouth without him pausing, and it takes him seconds to pull the vibrator from my hand.

He enters me, hard and hot. He fills me in the way I dreamed of only minutes ago. His hands grasp my wrists and pin them above my head on the pillow. My nails dig into his hands. I want to hold him. Feel him.

Two hands switches to one, and only one of his hands is holding me. His hand ghosts down my body to my clit, his breath across my ear.

"Did you miss me? Did you need me like I knew you would?"

I dig my nails farther into him.

"You have no idea how f**king sexy you looked f**king your vibrator. I wanted in you the second I saw it." He pushes inside me. "Now, though? Now I'm inside you. Do you feel the difference? Of me and that vibrator?"

I moan a yes, tilting my hips into him. He drives deeper into me, this feeling so real. His thumb circles my clit, and ripples of pleasure take over my body. They consume me, one by one, until I come. I bite down onto Tyler's shoulder, squeezing his c**k inside me. My name is a growl as he finds his own release and spills inside me.

He releases my hands and I wrap my arms around his neck, holding him to me.

"What are you doing here?" I whisper.

"I came to surprise you."

"Well, you did that, all right."

He laughs and pushes himself up on his elbows. He looks at me with tired yet happy eyes. "It's mutual, babe. I can't say I was actually expecting you to use your vibrator."

My lips tug into a small smile. "You should know by now that I'm good at following orders."

"If I didn't before, I do now." He drops a soft kiss to my lips and pulls out of me before walking in the direction of the bathroom.

"How did you know where I'm staying?" I call after him.

He grins, coming out of the bathroom. "When your cousin is the boss of the company your...girlfriend who isn't really a girlfriend...works with, you can find out anything." He winks.

My smile grows at his use of "girlfriend who isn't really a girlfriend." That's a pretty good definition of our relationship that isn't really a relationship-one that's a comfortable middle ground for us both.

"That figures." I fake a sigh and stand up. My legs shake, causing my knees to almost give way. I sit back down and grab the cloth from Tyler.

I roll across the bed and lean over to reach my suitcase. After tugging out some underwear, I put it on lying down, all the while with Tyler's eyes focused on me. I grab a dress and pull it over my head before trying to stand up again.

Thankfully, my legs have returned to their normal state.

"Why are you looking at me?"

Tyler's lips curve. "Because I can."

I roll my eyes. "Informative."

He laughs and buttons his pants. He unzips a duffel bag he must have dropped before he let me know he was here and pulls out a plain, white button-down shirt. He shrugs it on, rolls his sleeves to just below his elbow, then holds out his hand.

"Come on," he says.

"Come on what?"

"I want to take you somewhere."

I raise an eyebrow. "How do you know about anything here?"

He steps forward and takes both my hands. "I've done a thousand shoots here or hereabout. I know the southern California coastline like I know my dick."

"Extremely well then." I bite back a laugh. "Okay then. Let me put some shoes on first."

I take my hands from his and slide my feet into some flip-flops. Tyler grabs his Ralph Lauren sneakers from the corner, and I wait for him by the door.

He wraps his arms around my waist from behind and I squeal. His body trembles behind me as he laughs into my neck.

"Sorry," he mumbles.

"Liar." I reach back to tap his thigh and pull the door open.

He releases me, follows me to the elevator, and pushes the button. He taps the back of my hand with his as we wait. I frown at him, but he's looking forward, his face expressionless. I tap him back. He does it again. We do this for the twenty seconds it takes for the elevator to get here.

By the time we step in, my straight face is gone and I'm fighting a bout of giggles. My eyes flick to him as we travel down, but he's still not acknowledging me. Only to knock my hand.

"What are you doing?"

He ignores me and hits my hand again. Oh my god. I whack the back of his hand with my fingers-hard-and walk out of the elevator.

Tyler flicks his wrist, but instead of hitting me, he flattens his palm against mine and links our fingers. I half-smirk and glance at him. The half smirk changes to a full-fledged smile when I see the playful, boyish grin on his face.

"Such a child." I shake my head.

As if to prove my point, he swings our hands between us. I laugh, nudging him with my shoulder, and he looks at me, his grin widening even further.

"It was a pretty smooth move. Admit it."

"What? Nudging my hand like we're in second grade and you're too shy to just take it?"

"Aw, come on, Liv. You thought I was just pissing you off by hitting your hand. Then bam. I take it and you're all smiley."

"I am not smiley!"

He stops us and runs his finger along the curve of my mouth. "If it feels like a smile and it looks like a smile, it's a smile, bitchypants."

"Bitchypants? Did you get your brain switched with a second-grader? Are you about to take me to a cafe for milk and cookies?"

A loud laugh leaves him, and he tugs me onto the boardwalk. "No. I'm just in a good mood. That happens, you know? And sometimes, when I'm in a good mood, I get a little-"

"Idiotic?"

"I was going to choose silly, personally. Idiotic I save for a drunken good mood."

I can't help my smile. This is a side to Tyler I've never seen. A carefree, playful, mischievous side. It's endearing and infectious and I like it. A lot.

"Okay." I lean into him. "Where are we going then?"

"I don't really know. I thought we could just walk and see where we end up. I figured if we went far enough, we'd end up in Mexico."

Oh my god. I cover my hand with my mouth to muffle my giggles. "Honey, if you want to walk to Mexico, you're going alone."

He tries for a pout but completely ruins it by laughing. He makes a quick turn and leads us onto the beach. I let go of his hand to pull off my sandals, and no sooner have I straightened up than he links our fingers again.

His hand is warm in mine. I didn't pay attention to it before, but here, on the beach, in the dark, I'm feeling it acutely. His thumb strokes the back of my hand, his fingers twitch in my hold, and he squeezes ever so slightly with every step we take. I wonder if he realizes that he's doing it or if it's subconscious.

"Can I tell you something?" he says after a minute of walking.

"You can tell me anything."

"True, but don't do that freaking-out thing you do."

"I do not-" I pause. "I promise I'll try not to."

"Good enough," he mutters. He releases my hand and wraps his arms around my shoulders from behind. His chin settles on my shoulder, and he turns his lips toward my ear. "You asked me why I was here. The answer is because I missed you."

His words spread through me, sending adrenaline pumping through my veins, giving my heart a reason to thump extra loud. They finally settle into a warm glow in my lower stomach.

"Ty?"

"Yeah?"

I cross my arms and slide my hands along his forearms. My face tilts toward his until his lips are touching the corner of my mouth.

"I missed you, too."

He nudges my face around a little further and brushes my lips with his. "What if I told you I managed to convince your boss to give you five days off of work?"

"What?" I jolt back. "You got Donny to give me another five days off? Why?"

"Dayton is going to Paris to meet with her dress designer-for real this time." He smiles wryly. "Aaron is going, too, and since I have nothing booked for next week, I thought we'd join them."

Paris? For five days? With Tyler?

"Where would we stay? At their place there?"

He shakes his head. "My parents own a hotel there. I reserved us a suite earlier today."

Paris? For five days? With Tyler? Alone?

"Why?" I narrow my eyes.

"No need to look so skeptical." He steps toward me and cups my chin. "I have an ulterior motive for whisking you off to Europe."

I wrap my fingers around his wrist with a small smile. "Surely that's reason for skepticism."

He opens his mouth then closes it again. He nods once, his eyes sparkling. "Fair enough. No, I want to shoot you. For fun. Paris is a breathtakingly beautiful city." He leans in so his lips touch mine when he speaks. "And I can't think of a more perfect place to put you."

My lips twitch against his. "I have nothing packed for it."

"Dayton's at your apartment right now. They're meeting us at the airport in Paris."

"But we don't have tickets."

"We don't need tickets."

I blink at him. "Um, to fly on a plane, you need tickets."

Tyler pauses. Then his lips quirk, and he fights a laugh. "Oh, Liv, babe... We're not flying Air France. We're flying Air Stone courtesy of my parents."

Of course we are.

22

"Have you ever had a proper French pastry?"

"What part of 'I've never been to France' don't you understand?"

Tyler grins and pushes me back down on the bed. "You know, when I call you my bitch, I don't mean it in a literal sense?"

I poke my tongue out at him, snuggle back under the sheets, and yawn.

"Okay, tired bitch, I'm going to get you pastries. I'll be a while, so get some more sleep if you can." He leans over and kisses my forehead.

I sigh as the front door closes. I've never had jet lag like this before. I've never been so time-fucked that I want to carve out my brain with a dessert spoon.

My phone buzzes from the nightstand and I reach over blindly. I smack the top of the stand several times before I find it and tuck it under the covers with me.

What are you doing today?

Dayton texts.

Waiting in bed for some hot British guy to bring me pastries.

Under the thumb!

Or hankering to be my boyfriend that's really a boyfriend.

And boy, he really is. When we landed late last night, he wouldn't let me so much as touch my suitcase before he handed them off to a porter. Then when we got up to our suite, he made me tea and called down for toast and bacon.

Now, he's getting pastries.

But shit. The guy brought me to France. And our relationship that isn't really a relationship is beginning to feel exactly like a real relationship. I mean, the forehead kiss. You don't forehead kiss a girl you're just f**king or a girl you care about. Nope. You forehead kiss a girl you want to be with because you know if she wants you too, it'll make her spine tingle.

I am tingly. I'm frickin' vibrating from that one brief touch. I can still feel the warmth of his lips on my skin. Because, goddamn it, he's a real man. Only a real man could kiss my forehead with the barest of touches and set me on fire.

How is your relationship that isn't really a relationship?

Hovering somewhere between a relationship that isn't really a relationship and a relationship that could be a relationship.

SQUEEEEE!!

Did she just f**king squee at me? Paris messes with her head, clearly.

Don't ever squee at me again,

I shoot back. Seriously. No one in their right mind should ever squee.

Sorry. I just want you to be happy.

I am happy. I was happy before I met Tyler. He just makes me a little...happier.

Oh, just get over yourself and agree to be his girlfriend.

Don't you have a man to entertain?

He's out getting pastries. ;P

Wow. Their mamas trained them right.

I reply saying that I'll talk to her later when I know what we're doing and slide my phone beneath the pillow. It's surreal to be in the city Day has told me so much about-to see the place where she and Aaron fell in love. Before, it seemed like a whole different world. Somewhere I'd never get to experience for myself.

Only now I am. I'm here, in this city I haven't really seen any of at all. And just maybe... Maybe that Parisian magic I've heard so much about could spread some f**king fairy love dust on me.

Maybe.

I stand and wrap the sheet around me before pushing open the balcony doors and looking out. It's cold-no colder than Seattle, although it's freezing in just a sheet-but the view makes the goose bumps flaring up across my exposed skin worth it.

Holy. Beautiful.

I can see across the rooftops. The old-style, almost antique, rooftops. There are flowers sitting on some of them, and almost every building I can see has some sort of a balcony. With flowers. Flowers everywhere. It's beautiful and charming.

The Eiffel Tower is a few blocks away, stretching above everything else, its beauty not marred by the light-grey clouds behind it. It's a majestic sight even from here.

I lean my back against the wall, wrapping the sheet tighter around me. I have a sneaking suspicion that Tyler asked for this suite-for one that faces the Tower. Like he knew how much it would enchant me.

"So much for sleeping," he says softly, stepping out onto the balcony.

"I couldn't. I wanted to look at, well, this." I cast my eyes across the horizon. He wasn't kidding when he said that it was breathtakingly beautiful.

"You look like a little kid who just found themselves in a sweet shop."

I smile. "Sweet shop."

He tucks some hair behind my ear. "Sweet shop." He grins. "I got you pastries. I didn't know what you wanted, so I got you three."

"Ooh, which ones?"

"A croissant, a beignet, and a pain au chocolat."

"Oooh, chocolate?" My eyes widen and I dart into the bedroom. Two paper bags are lying on the bed, and I delve into them. "Um, which is which?"

Tyler hands me the pain au chocolat and I take it with too much excitement.

"Seriously? It's acceptable to eat chocolate and carbs for breakfast here?" I bite into it anyway. Oh my god, so good.

"For breakfast, lunch, and dinner." He grabs the beignet and tears some off with his teeth. I drop onto the bed and nibble my way through the pain au chocolat, reveling in this newfound glory far too much.

I mean, carbs and chocolate. For breakfast. Hell-o, France. I'm moving here.

I'll consider working out at a later date.

When I finish the pastry, I drop back onto the bed. Hello, carb high. I haven't officially left the hotel room yet but I already love Paris.

Tyler leans over me. "Get ready. Get pretty. We're going out."

"Get pretty?" I raise my eyebrows and link my fingers behind his neck.

He drops a quick kiss on my mouth. "I'm not obliged to tell you you're pretty all the time until you're actually my girlfriend."

"Ha, ha, f**king ha!" I throw the croissant at him when he gets off me.

He grabs it off the floor and bites the end off savagely. "Thanks, baby girl."

"Fuck you." I get up. This time, I leave the sheet on the bed.

Tyler looks across my body and my eyes shoot to his pants. One, two... There it is. A telltale bulge begins to show and push against the zipper of his jeans. I bring my eyes up to his and he swallows.

"Get dressed. Now. Or the first thing you'll be seeing of Paris is the underside of those f**king sheets over there."

I bite the inside of my lip, smiling, as he walks out of the room.

Hey, two can play the ass**le game. He throws the relationship thing in my face, I'll throw my body in his. I get the feeling that the next three days will be much the same-back and forth, pushing and pushing against each other. It'll all bundle into a tight ball of tension that will either be eliminated by sex...or an argument.

Either way, I say bring it the f**k on.

This is the most cliche moment of my life.

It's raining and I'm standing in front of the Eiffel Tower...with a red umbrella. I swear, Tyler thinks he's hilarious. I think the British have a very, very odd sense of humor.

"Just smile," he begs, his own umbrella tucked under his armpit-to keep his baby dry, he claims. He lifts his camera to his face. "Please."

"This looks like all the images on Pinterest I've seen!" I protest. "Seriously? Red? Wasn't there blue or something?" I twirl the umbrella.

"Red stands out. It's all photographical. Trust me, okay?"

I sigh. "This is ridiculous."

"Oh for f**k sake, Liv! You have a beautiful smile. Stop being a stroppy bitch and smile at me!"

Stroppy! Oh my god. I have a new favorite word! I laugh. Seriously-I love Britspeak. I love it even more when it comes from Tyler. Damn. Tyler and love in the same sentence just...sounds so right and feels so right but is so wrong.

Wait, what's that ache in my neck? Oh, that's just the f**king whiplash I'm giving myself yet again.

"I love your smile," he says, breaking through the terse silence in my mind.

"My smile is goofy."

"I love your goofy smile," he corrects, smiling himself. "It's infectious."

"Funny. I think that about you sometimes."

I point the umbrella to the ground and twirl with it. Sometimes, being spontaneous is the only way to go. I glance up from my puddle-splashing and spinning. Tyler's watching me through his camera, his finger clicking.

I skip toward him, not caring about the rain cascading down my face, and roll with my spontaneous moment. I drop the umbrella at the same time that he lets the camera fall and jump up on him. My legs go around his waist, his hands cup my ass, my fingers tangle in his hair, and I kiss him.

I kiss him hard. I kiss him deep. I kiss him with my fears and anxieties and my hopes and dreams. I kiss him with everything I have and everything I am right in this moment, because sometimes, that's all you can do.

His umbrella falls to the ground next to mine with a clunk, and I arch my body over his. I don't care that there are people around. I don't care that it's pouring rain and we're both getting soaked. All I care about is this sexy, intriguing, tempting man and the way he consumes me so completely with his kiss.

All I care about is the fact that this kiss is either the end of something wonderful or the beginning of something magical.

"You should do that more often," he murmurs, lowering me to the ground.

"You wanted me to smile. Here it is." I run my fingers through to the end of his hair and allow my lips to spread and curve the way they want to. He places his hand on the camera, but I cover it with my own. "No," I whisper. "This smile is for you. Just you."

He takes his hand from under mine, conflicting emotions in his eyes, and cups my cheek. "I love the just-for-me smiles more than I love your normal smiles. Can I get them on a regular basis?"

I turn my face into his hand and kiss him palm. "I don't know if I have a choice about that."

"I don't want you to have a choice." He draws me closer to him. "I want your only choice to be me. No matter what happened before. And here, right now, this is the perfect time to make your choice. It's a world away from everything you're holding back because of. Promise me that, when we get home, you'll tell me if it's all or nothing."

I close my eyes. I want it all as much as I want nothing. But right now, I want the all a little more.

"I promise. You, Tyler Stone, have three days to convince me why I should set every one of my fears aside and give you every part of me."

"Are you challenging me, Miss Warren? Because you know how I take a challenge."

"I'm challenging you. I challenge you to give me one good reason why I should take a chance on you."

"Challenge accepted. I hope your heart-and your knickers-are ready for it."

I open my eyes and stare straight into his. They're dark and determined, hard and forceful, scheming, devious. I lay my hand at his waist and step farther into him. He grabs an umbrella and holds it over us ridiculously.

My heart and my knickers might be ready. I'm undecided if I am though. Still, I say, "I'm ready, Ty. Give me your best shot."

Dayton sips her wine slowly. "A boat ride? That's his idea of romanticizing you?"

"A boat ride with dinner," I correct her like it'll make a difference. I'm not really a boat person.

"Okay. But a boat? You hate boats."

"I don't hate boats. I simply have a strong dislike for anything that bobs in water."

"Tell that to the salmon you ate for lunch."

"Semantics." I wave my hand and pick up my glass. "A boat. I feel sick thinking about it."

"So tell him," she says with a 'duh' face.

"No! He already paid for it and stuff. How awful would that make me?"

"Not as awful as you'd be vomiting everywhere with seasickness."

My stomach turns. "Ugh. Don't!"

"Don't what?" Tyler asks, sitting on the chair next to me.

"Nothing." I smile.

"So, Liv." Aaron rests his elbows on the table. "Have you thought any more about my offer?"

The bar. The managing. The...responsibility. No, I want to say. I haven't thought at all-but I'm quickly thinking that thinking stuff over is overrated.

"I'll do it."

Everyone stops.

Seriously? Is it that much of a shock? Wait.

Did I just agree to run a motherfucking bar? Holy crap. I did.

Their shock is justified.

"You will?" Aaron half-grins. "Really?"

"Why not?" I down my wine. Whyfuckingnotindeed. "I'm up for a challenge."

Tyler squeezes my thigh under the table.

"Fantastic." Aaron's grin spreads across his face. "We'll talk when we get back. We'll go down there and run over everything."

"Perfect. Why not?" I pour another glass of wine.

Wow. That was impulsive, even for me.

"Liv? Are you sure?" Dayton questions.

I close my eyes briefly before looking into hers. "I didn't think about it before. That right there was an impulsive decision. I thrive off impulse. I have nothing to lose. Not really."

Nope. Nothing to lose but a job. Good going, Liv.

"You'll do well working for me." Aaron sips his whisky. "Split-second decisions make success, not piss-assing around until you're sure."

"There we go, then. I'm already an asset." I snort then turn to Dayton. "Your dress fitting is tomorrow, right?"

She nods. "At eleven. Are you coming with me?"

"Are you shitting me? Of course I'm coming with you, you idiot. I want to see this beauty!"

"She could turn up in a garbage bag and I'd still marry her," Aaron says quietly, leaning over to kiss her.

Tyler slides his arm around my waist. "Are you ready to go? Leave the lovebirds to it."

I nod, finishing the rest of my wine. Thank f**k there's food to come-three glasses on an empty stomach probably isn't the smartest idea of my lifetime.

We say goodbye to Day and Aaron, and with his arm firmly wrapped around my waist, Ty leads me toward the Seine. There's a chill in the air, a crisp, almost bitter chill. It makes me curl in closer to him for the warmth I know his body can provide me.

He obliges, his grip tightening as I move closer. Neither of us says a word as we approach the river. Neither of us needs to say anything. It's a comfortable silence. One that could transcend time, binding us together in a way I can't possibly conceive of right now.

It's a silence that says all the right things at all the right moments.

And I apparently need to pause on the wine for a while... Or maybe not. Maybe the magic of Paris is casting itself over me. Or I watched way too much Peter Pan as a kid and still have a misplaced belief in fairies.

I sigh.

"What's up?" Ty asks, his breath fanning across my cheek. Warm, ahhh.

"Just thinking. Too much." I frown. "Way too much."

He laughs. "Let's get you food. And I demand you stop thinking."

I raise my eyebrows. "D'you see a bed, mister? Nope. Me neither. Shove your demands."

"Shove them where?" he hums against my neck.

"Up your ass. Up my ass. I don't particularly care right now."

His lips curve. "Yes. You need food, babe."

He hands two tickets to the girl behind the glass and whisks me off toward a boat. Oh, it's a nice boat. I'm not a boat fan, but the wood piping and classy interior has me swooning. Tyler leads me onto it, holding my waist the whole time.

The top of the boat is open, ready for tourists to sit on and stare at the city as the boat travels along the Seine. For a moment, I believe that's where we're going until Ty stops to talk to the host and he waves his hand.

He leads us to the back of the boat. His hands part two curtains, and with a nod, Tyler guides me behind them.

A whole section of the boat to ourselves.

Hot damn. What is he planning?

23

My butt has barely touched the seat when he orders for us both in fluent French. I stop and stare at him in disbelief. He can speak French?

"I spent a lot of time here while my parents were setting up their hotels," he explains, answering my unsaid question. "Speaking French seemed...natural."

"I can barely speak English." And that's true. Sometimes I forget how to speak my own language.

Ty smirks. "I lived in London for most of my life. France is a stone's throw away from England. It's not like you growing up in Seattle, where your closest 'foreign' language is French Canadian."

"Most of your life? Where else did you live?"

A waiter enters with a bottle of rose wine and two glasses. He pours a little in one glass and asks Tyler to taste it. He does, nods, and the waiter pours two glasses before disappearing. I grasp the stem of mine and lean forward.

"We lived in the US for a few years. My parents were ready to expand over there when Uncle Brandon-Aaron's dad-went international with his business. Mum had been considering it for a while, but Dad really pushed her into the leap."

"How long did you live there for?"

"About three years. We lived in New York. It was my parents' central base for the restaurant and hotel business. I sometimes wonder if they would have been as successful if it weren't for my aunt and uncle, but then I think the same for the other way around." He shrugs a shoulder.

"And you really never wanted to take it over? The business?"

He shakes his head. "Tessa is my twin, so it would have always been a fifty-fifty stake. I just... I don't care. That makes me sound like a right twat, but I don't. It's not interesting to me. I refuse to do something just because it's expected. I'm not my sister or my cousin."

I run my finger around the top of my glass. "I respect that."

"Really? Most people think I'm a f**king idiot."

"You are, but I still respect it." I take some bread from the basket between us and tear it apart. "My dad was a professor in math. He used to give me extra lessons to make sure I got it, you know? But I didn't. I never understood math, despite his best efforts. I barely scraped by to graduate high school. He was pissed when I went to college and studied art, but hey. I didn't see why I should put myself through torture to make him happy."

A long moment passes between us. Our dynamic shifts. We go from two people drawn together by chance to a couple brought together by fate's coincidental timing.

"My dad wanted me to run the company with Tessa the way he does with Mum. Of course, that was never going to happen when she got married."

"Is she okay, by the way? That must suck. I remember Day talking about the wedding after she and Aaron got engaged."

Tyler's lips twitch. "She's a Stone. She's taking his arse and she's hanging it out to dry while wringing it out. Pre-nups are legally binding, something that knob forgot when he f**ked about on my sister."

"Good. He deserves to be trampled by a donkey." I finish my wine just as our food is delivered.

I dig in as soon as we're left alone. So I'm hungry. I cut a piece of meat off the thigh on my plate and put it in my mouth. Salty but sweet... It's duck. Something I usually cringe at eating. Somehow, the French have made it not cringe-worthy. Combined with sauted potatoes and salad, they've made it damn tasty.

We eat in silence. My eyes are almost fixed on the window and the city as we float past it. The Musee d'Orsay, Notre Dame, Le Palais... We pass them slowly with barely any effort.

I wish I had my phone for pictures, but while staring at these uninhibited by a lens, I understand why Tyler said no. The photographer who says no to pictures-go figure.

I set my knife and fork on my plate and turn on the seat. The seat stretches the whole way around the back of the boat, and windows line the space above it. Except for the very center, which is windowless.

After resting my forearms against the ledge, I lean forward, poking my head out like it'll increase my viewing pleasure. In reality, I just want to feel the river breeze against my cheeks.

The sound of the dark red curtains closing fills my ears. I look to the side and see Tyler pulling them toward me. He releases them and they hang on either side of my body. He shrugs off his suit jacket and rolls up his shirtsleeves before climbing on the seat behind me.

My lips pull to one side when he lifts my arms and links our fingers before setting our entwined hands back down on the ledge. He rests his chin on my shoulder and watches the city as it goes past.

His body is hot leaning against mine. It completely blocks out the coldness of the evening-but I'm not sure I've even registered it fully. I've been so focused on Tyler and the incredible views as we've gone along the River Seine.

And now... Now, this moment is more intimate than most. It's something very real. There's something very enticing in the way he holds me. It's comforting. Safe.

"Not bad, huh?" he asks softly. "Pretty good convincing if you ask me."

"Aha." I tap the back of his hand with my fingers. "But I didn't ask you, and I'm not telling you. A woman has to have her secrets, you know."

"I'll give you that."

He turns his face toward mine and kisses down my jaw, the tiny kisses making my heart flutter. His lips find my neck and make their way down there to the hollow of my shoulder then back up to my ear. Now my heart isn't fluttering-it's thumping. It's thumping so f**king hard that I'm sure he can feel it against his arm.

"You're so easy to turn on," he murmurs against the tender spot beneath my ear. "It's like I can flick a switch on your body and you're ready for me."

He nibbles my earlobe and I sigh, dropping my head back.

"Oh, no." He lets go of one of my hands and pushes my head back up. "See the bridges? You didn't notice before, but the French like to stand on them and watch the boats go by. They wave to the tourists and the natives on the boats."

"So?"

"So you don't want them to know what I'm going to do to you. Or do you?"

My breath catches. "That depends what you're going to do to me."

He lets go of my other hand and looks at his watch. "How many times do you think I can make you come with my tongue in ten minutes?"

Now my breath really does catch. My lungs burn with the pressure inside them. From the pure, sweet, torturous anticipation of what he's threatening.

"You wouldn't." The words rush out on an exhale. I spin my head round to look at him when he moves.

The hot, sexy glint in his eyes tells me that he would. He will. And he's going to.

He slides down the chair and positions his face beneath me. Holy f**king shit. He's actually going to. He's going to lick me while I'm hanging half out a window in the center of Paris.

He trails his finger up my thigh deliciously. Shivers cascade through me at the gentle touch, and I instinctively part my legs when he touches my panties. It takes him two seconds to move the soft material to the side and run his fingertip along my opening.

"For someone who doesn't believe what I'm about to do, you're awfully turned on by the idea."

Before I can respond, he flicks his tongue against me. My hips jolt, simultaneously pushing into him and away from him.

"Remember. People can see you." He runs his hands up my thighs to my ass. "I don't share well, Liv. That means no noise. None of that sexy-as-fuck moaning you do when you're about to explode. The only person who should know you're coming is me."

His tongue is quicker than my words yet again, and he tugs my hips down for easier reach. God, his tongue is rough against my clit and soft against my folds, hard and gentle at the same time.

He runs his tongue along me, and I bite the inside of my lip. I swallow a gasp. No, no. Can't let it go. I inhale sharply through my nose instead, and I'm rewarded with a gentle smack on my ass. I guess that isn't allowed either.

I want to screw my eyes shut, to revel in nothing but the feel of his tongue exploring my pu**y. I want to think of and feel nothing, but the sensations he awakens in me-the flood of heat, the rush of delight, the build of pleasure.

"This isn't a bed," I whisper, propping my chin on my hands so it looks to everyone else like I'm simply enjoying the view.

"I forgot to mention"-he sucks on my clit and I tense all over-"It doesn't really matter if we're not in bed. If I want you somewhere, I'm going to take you. And you're going to let me."

He slips one finger inside me and sucks on my clit again. It hits me like a lightning burst. My teeth clamp down on my lip so hard that I taste blood. Every fiber of my being goes into staying silent and not dropping my head to the boat like I want to.

God, I want to shout.

"One." His lips brush against me with the simple, short word. "And still six minutes left. How do you fancy my chances for giving you another two?"

My eyes widen. Oh, hell f**king no. I'm not going to be able to cope with that.

A gentle buzz fills the air. Oh, seriously hell f**king no.

"Oh my god," I breathe as he inserts the tiny bullet into my pu**y.

"Surprise." He laughs once then flicks my clit with his tongue.

He massages me slowly-too slowly but too fast. He moves the bullet inside me in rhythm with his tongue. I count seconds as the intensity overcomes me. In roughly ninety seconds, I fall apart once again.

"Two." Amusement goes right through his tone.

He runs the bullet along me to my clit. It's almost painful against the tender spot. I can't bite down on my lip anymore-it's in shreds. Instead, I bite the side of my hand, my thumb twitching with the pressure on my skin.

We pass under a bridge at the same moment Tyler circles my clit with the bullet and f**ks me with his finger. He was right-people are lined along it and waving. I shake my hand awkwardly, desperately trying not to release the pressure inside me fully.

I've never wanted to scream, cry, or shout more than I do right now. I've never wanted to let the world know that I'm about to experience a crazily painful yet erotic orgasm in f**king public.

My eyes flutter shut, but I force them open. I'm breathing hard and fast through my nose, the frantic rise and fall of my chest thankfully obscured by my arms. I want to come.

I need to come. I need to end this, because I can't take it anymore.

"Please," I hiss through a clamped jaw. "Ty, please."

With my words, he turns off the bullet. He obviously drops it somewhere because he wraps his fingers around my thighs and stretches his tongue along me. That one touch, the physical connection, is all it takes to shatter the tension inside.

Somehow, I don't make a noise. My eyes are watery, my throat raw, my whole body shaking, but I don't make a noise. I ride his tongue, letting the orgasm overcome me, consume me.

"Three," Tyler whispers, moving from beneath me. "And I have ninety seconds to spare. How about that?"

I smile and wipe quickly with a napkin. I drop back on the seat, the dirty napkin in my palm, and close my eyes. "That was mean," I whisper, incapable of anything else.

He leans over me, his hand sliding up my cheek and into my hair. "Look at me."

I force my eyes open.

"No. It was what you wanted. If you didn't, you would have said no." He lowers his lips to mine. "I respect 'no,' Liv. I don't respect 'oh my god.' In fact, I take the latter as one hell of a f**king compliment."

"It is most definitely a compliment." I smile wearily. "But where the hell did the bullet come from?"

He grabs it from the floor with a smirk and tucks it into his pants pocket. "Black trousers hide a multitude of sins, luckily for us."

"Black is slimming." I sit up straight and tuck the napkin into a pocket of my purse. "What?" I ask at Tyler's amused look. "You think I want some waiter touching a napkin covered in my come?"

"I'm not amused because you're putting it in there. I'm amused because you're learning." He grins against my lips. "If your knickers are uncomfortable, there's a home in my pocket."

"Speaking of that, what happened to my other pair?"

He takes my hands and pulls me to standing. His arms circle my waist, holding me against him, and his mouth settles by my ear. "They're in my drawer, washed. So the next time you come over and I feel obliged to tie you up somewhere, you have a clean pair for after."

I look up at him through my eyelashes. "Is that a promise to tie me up again?"

His eyes flash with desire. "It's a certainty, baby girl."

My best friend is beautiful. That is a fact that should be stated before all else, if only because she's the kind of woman who looks great in sweatpants and a tank top with soup spilled down it.

But right now, she looks incredible.

The white-lace gown hugs her figure to perfection-if you ignore the pins at her waist. The train is modest, nothing flashy, and the simple sweetheart neckline shows just enough cle**age to be sexy but not so much that it's trashy.

"What do you think?" She runs her hands across her stomach and down.

I swallow hard. "I think it's perfect. You're perfect." Tears fill my eyes.

"Oh my god. Don't you dare f**king cry!" She gasps. "I don't want to cry. I hate crying. Dammit, Liv! You're making me cry!" She covers her face with her hands.

"I can't help it." I stand and hug her tightly. "You look incredible. We're gonna have to get a defibrillator on standby for every man at the wedding."

She snort-laughs. "Only a defibrillator, eh?"

"For Aaron, I'm pre-booking an ambulance." I pull back with a teary smile. "It's better than I imagined. Seriously. Wow."

It is. I've never seen a dress more perfect-and the white against her lightly tan skin and dark, curly hair is startlingly bright.

"Okay. I'm getting changed now that it's fitted because I don't want to cry anymore." She sniffs and wipes under her eyes as she trots to the dressing room.

How is it?

Tyler texts.

I'm crying,

I reply with my own sniff.

That bad, huh?

Shut up.

I have a surprise for you.

Oh, no. I still remember last night's "surprise."

Don't you forget it, bitch. I can recreate in any number of places. In fact, I have a list on my phone.

For real?

No. But it'll only take me a minute. I can even text it to you if you like.

I smirk and shrug to myself.

You have me intrigued.

Give me two minutes.

What about the surprise?

Ask your best friend.

Ask my best friend? Why do I feel like everyone conspires against me? Oh, that's because they do. Fucking hell.

Dayton steps out from the fitting room in a skin-tight cream dress. Fitting, given the morning's activities.

"Hey," I say to her as we step outside. "You look a little porky. Anything you wanna tell me?"

She levels a hard look on me. "Don't even pull that. I still have two months on this f**ker." She taps the inside of her upper arm through her red coat. "I'm refusing to negotiate until there's three weeks left."

"You could get it out early."

"After the pain it took to put it in? No, Liv. That pain was for five years, not four years, ten months, and Aaron's pestering."

I get in the car after her. "That bad?"

She rolls her eyes. "No. I want it. I do. I'd love to have a family with him, but we just found each other again. I mean, it's not like my ovaries are standing and tapping their wristwatches. I want to be us for a while before we add someone else. We have that time. He gets that, but it doesn't mean he doesn't have his own wants. Maybe I'll go on the pill or something after the implant. Something we can stop right away."

"I get that. It makes sense. You have forever."

We share a smile.

"So, right now, you can tell me about my so-called surprise."

"Aha! That's the reason for the porky comment." She grins. "You are going to want to string Tyler by his balls from the Eiffel Tower."

"As long as it's not a bullet and a boat, I think I can cope," I say dryly, taking a small envelope from her hand.

"I'm sorry?" she chokes. "No, wait. There are some things I don't need to know. Besides, I think I've worked that out for myself."

I hold up three fingers and internally laugh at her gasp. Yep. The ex-call girl is amazed by simultaneous O's. There's something I never thought I'd see.

She's still staring at me when I tear open the envelope. A card falls to my lap and I gawk at it. Not a note-card kind of card. A card-card. A credit-card kind of card. With Tyler's name on.

I inhale deeply and pull out the note. Do. Not. Freak.

Believe it or not, I'm not being an arse. This time. Shocking, I know.

I conveniently forgot to tell you one of the shoots I want to do is a boudoir one...again. And I conveniently forgot to tell Dayton to pack you something suitable. Which means you have to buy something. Okay. Maybe that's a little twattish...

Still, find something sexy. Preferably in that light pink colour you like. Definitely in the light pink colour.

And don't come back until you have a pair of shoes that match.

If you also feel the need to purchase something for dinner tonight, go wild. Wild is how we do it, and I don't expect any less when I throw my card at you.

Just don't snap it, alright? I know your hot temper and I kinda need my card.

T

I swallow twice. His card. Right. For lingerie. And shoes. And a dress. I rub my nose.

"Well?" Day half-winces.

"He put a 'u' in color."

"Um, what?"

"He put a 'u' in color. Fucking British and their stupid spelling." I fold the note into quarters and tuck it into my purse then grab my wallet and slip my card into it.

"Why aren't you going batshit motherfucking crazy?"

I sigh heavily and look at her. "What can I do, really? He's even more persistent and controlling than Aaron-but not in a bad way. And hey, if he's telling me to buy things that will ultimately get me f**ked, who am I to complain?"

Dayton raises her eyebrows and opens her car door. I get out on my side and look up. The Arc de Triomphe towers above us. I know this place. The Champs-Elysees. The most expensive street in the world.

My best friend stares at me for a long moment before we start walking. "I'm not sure what he's doing to you, but I kind of like it. Is he taming you?"

I laugh loudly. "No, he's even crazier than I am. He's wild and crazy and ridiculously impulsive."

"I know someone else like that." She gives me a pointed look.

"Perhaps that's why we make sense in the worst kind of way." I shrug, looking down the Champs-Elysees.

"The worst kind? No, Liv. You make sense in the best kind of way. Trust me. Opposites don't always attract and work out. Sometimes you need another version of you, just with a penis instead of a vagina, to make everything seem right again."

24

Elevator. Bullet in a restaurant. In a bathroom at a party. In a club. On a bar-an actual bar.

Those are only some of the things on Tyler's list. He really wasn't joking when he said he'd think up some places. Of course, I fully expect him to try everything on the list at least once. He's nothing if not consistent, and he hasn't yet said that he'll do something without following through on it.

Shopping is painful. I've never been a huge shopper, but I've never been a hater of it either. After Day led me to a lingerie store off the Champs-Elysees, one she found after an afternoon of random walking around, we headed back onto the main street and passed a thousand designer stores.

Now, we're in a high-end store I barely caught the name of, and I'm feeling like a fish out of water. I'm too scared to touch anything or, god forbid, look at a price tag. This is crazy and this isn't me.

I wish I could be the kind of woman who's able to spend a man's money without batting an eyelid.

"How do you do it?" I ask Dayton, watching her hand three items to the clerk.

"I imagine it's my money and not Aaron's."

That would work if I had this kind of money.

"You're really not comfortable here, are you?" she asks quietly when she comes back to me.

"It's not that. Maybe a bit." I run my fingers through my hair. "I don't have a right to spend his money. It's not mine to spend."

"Olivia Warren. You listen to me right now." She grabs my chin and makes me look at her. "He's giving you his card. You know why he's giving you it?"

I shake my head.

"He's expecting you not to spend anything more than the underwear because you'll justify it as a business expense. Correct?"

"Yes," I reply begrudgingly.

"If you go back to him without a pair of shoes and a dress for dinner, he'll know your decision to remain...uncommitted...is your final one."

"So you're saying that, if I spend his money, I'm telling him I'm open to the idea of an actual relationship? You know this is bullshit, right?"

"Men are just as sensitive as we are to this stuff. Just in different ways. So you can find a dress in here and give you both a taste of the future or you can walk out empty-handed and taste loneliness."

I stand up. "I hate it when you're right."

She smiles. "There's a blue dress over there you should consider."

I go to where she's pointing and pull it off the rack. She's right. I should consider it. Skin-tight, knee-length, royal-blue lace, long sleeves. It's a perfect dress. Perfect to be peeled off prior to sex. Or cuddles, I add, reminding myself what this means.

"Okay," I whisper to myself. "No looking at the price tag."

I check the label and, seeing that it's my size, take it to the register. I hand it and the card over before she can tell me the price and leave like my ass is on fire.

Outside, I take a deep breath. Holy. I just spent a ridiculous amount of money on a dress from a card that doesn't even have my name on it.

"Well, that was like watching a cow try to fit in at high school prom," Dayton quips, taking my elbow and guiding me three stores down.

Manolo Blahnik. Oh. Okay. This I can get on board with a little better.

We try on almost every pair in our sizes before I settle on a simple black pair of heeled pumps with glitter ankle straps. Then I grab my phone and dial Tyler's number.

"Is my card still in one piece?"

"Yes." Bastard. "I admit, your faith in me is overwhelming."

"Your temper is awful when you're offended. Don't think I've forgotten the blue underwear incident."

"That was unexpected. So was this, but whatever. You are aware this breaks the rules, aren't you?"

He laughs. "Baby girl, we've already broken every rule we ever had. This is the most unconventional sex-only relationship in the history of the world."

"I suppose."

"So, did you buy anything?"

"Surprises are fun, aren't they?" I smile. "Hey, when did you want to do that shoot?"

"So you bought lingerie," he hums appreciatively. "How about you bring your sexy little arse back to the hotel room and we'll get started?"

My lips curve. "Don't wear tight pants. It could be uncomfortable for you, honey."

"Wear pants? Who said I'd be wearing pants?"

Dayton helps me change in the car. Or rather, she holds her coat between us while I do. Given Tyler's reaction the last time I showed up without clothes on, I'm ready to take it a step further.

I'm going to make sure this shoot is nothing but pure torture for him.

I shove my clothes in one of my bags and wrestle myself into my coat. The bones of the light-pink corset dig in as I contort my body to maneuver myself into the thick fabric of my coat. One of the straps clipped to the top of one of my stockings comes undone, and Dayton reaches over and redoes it.

"Here," she says. "Do this and they'll stay on. Trick of the trade." She does some odd fabric thing I'll never remember and orders me to turn over so she can do the back ones. I let her do it.

"Thanks." I throw her a smile as we pull up outside the hotel.

"Have fun." She grins and waves as she drives away.

Okay. Bathroom.

I enter the hotel lobby and detour to the restrooms to the right. I tug my makeup from my purse and do a quick touch-up, making sure I don't have stray mascara or bronzer anywhere. Satisfied with my quickie job, I run a brush through my hair and fluff it.

I leave the bathroom and head toward the elevator, excitement filling me. So I'm thinking of the last time we had a shoot like this. The time we met for the second time. I remember it so well-the shock, the need to run, the necessity to stay.

I never could have guessed that it would take us here. I never could have wanted to guess it.

I swipe my card through the door and enter the suite. It's silent, deathly so, and I put my bags down quietly.

"Hello?"

"In the bedroom," Tyler calls.

I walk toward it with my coat still on. And stop dead in the doorway. He's standing in the middle of the room, fiddling with his camera, without a shirt. He's wearing jeans, but they're unbuttoned and hanging dangerously low on his hips.

But...no shirt.

"Liv? Hello?" He smirks sexily, and I instantly know that it's deliberate.

Of course it is. We thrive off our games. Each of us loves the thrill of pushing the other to their limit and beyond.

I'm about to give the final shove.

I slowly unbutton my coat, keeping my eyes on Tyler's, and slide it down my arms. Without breaking his gaze, I hang it over the edge of the door. Heat flares in his eyes, gradually intensifying until his gaze running over my body may as well be licking me with real flames.

"Get on the bed," he orders. His voice is low and husky-the sexiest thing I've ever heard.

I don't move, paralyzed by a burst of need for him.

"This is my place." He walks to me and roughly tugs me to him. "The bedroom. Sex or photoshoot-I'm in the one in control. Now get on the bed, on your knees, and close your eyes."

Air fills my lungs but I do as he says. It's impossible not to. He's telling me how to pose for a photo, but it feels like he's telling me how he's going to tease and erotically torture me until I break.

I climb onto the soft sheets, position myself on my knees, and rest my hands on top of my thighs.

"Chin up," he says from behind me.

I raise my head a little, and oh! Satin covers my eyes in a swath of smoothness, and I gasp when I realize what he's doing. Blindfolding me.

He ties the knot at the back of my head and tugs on my hair, pulling my head back. His mouth lies close to my ear.

"Now, don't move. Sit there, just like that. Like you're waiting for me to tell you what to do next."

"I am," I reply.

He tugs again, sharper this time. "Shh."

He releases me, leaving me alone on the bed. I can't hear anything as he moves around. At least, I assume he is. All I can really hear is the thundering of my blood through my ears, the rush of it through my veins. I've never been turned on by a photoshoot, but one more word from him in that husky voice and I might just come on the spot.

"You trust me." His voice fills the room. "And I'm going to need you to trust me even more. Know that whatever I ask you to do, whatever photos I take, the only people who will ever see them are you and me. Okay?"

I nod. "Okay."

"Which means the word 'no' doesn't apply here. Believe me when I say I'm taking these photos for both my own pleasure and torture."

No 'no'?

"I want you to flatten your hands on your thighs from the sides and lean forward. Make sure your head is up."

I do it and hear a series of quiet clicks.

"Now sit straight. Slide your hands up your legs-slowly, slowly... That's it. Across your stomach and up to your gorgeous tits. That's it. Cup them. One at a time. Then together."

My heart pounds dangerously fast. They are simple moves, nothing you wouldn't expect from a glamour shoot-which I've done in the past-but the blindfold and knowing that he's only feet from me, half naked, makes it crazy sexy.

Every part of me is aware of everything he's telling me to do and it scares me because it's a feeling too intense to deal with. I bite my bottom lip in an effort not to let my thoughts show on my face.

"Fuck," Tyler groans. His thumb nudges my lip from between my teeth. "Don't do that. If you do that looking the way you do right now, I'll be flipping you over this bed and f**king you so hard you'll be screaming your way through it."

I draw in a sharp breath and screw my eyes shut tight. It's a fruitless move, but I do it anyway because it helps with the desire filling me.

"Lie back." He's breathing heavier now.

I twist my legs from under me and scoot up the bed until my head is resting on the pillow. I lie here wondering what he could possibly say next.

"I want you to touch yourself. I'm going to talk to you the whole time. I'm going to tell you what I want you to think about, what you have to imagine. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do you when you've made yourself come, and I'm going to take your picture the whole time."

My lips part. Trust. Yeah. I get it now. That's...

I close my mouth and nod once. "I trust you," I whisper. It's more for my benefit, to counteract the anxiety beating at me.

I trust Tyler. Besides, I know he can't legally use any images without my permission. The only permission I'll ever give for pictures like this is the kind that allows him to get himself off to them.

"Sit up quickly." He helps me up and unclips my corset. He pulls it from my body then cups the side of my face, his lips so close to mine that I can feel them in the briefest of touches. "Now get those knickers off, my sexy bitch. I want to see all of you."

I lie back down and slide the thong over my hips and down my legs. I kick it off my ankles and it lands...well, somewhere. I can't see.

"I want to see you running your hands down your body. I want to see you palm your gorgeous tits and tease your ni**les until they're hard. That's it. Just like that."

I part my lips as I roll each nipple between my thumb and finger. A dull, desperate throb starts in my clit. It's begging me to touch it the way I am my ni**les.

"Keep one hand there, teasing your tit, and slide the other down your stomach. I want you to imagine me watching. I want you to remember what you saw a few days ago, the way I looked at you when I walked into your hotel room. Remember how much I want you and how desperate I am to touch you myself. Now slide your fingers over that smooth mound and find your clit. Now rub."

I can't breathe. Goose pimples are covering my skin, lust is burning my body red hot, and his voice is sending tremors through me with every word he says. And I'm aching-god. I'm aching so much already. Aching for him, for his touch, for his cock.

"Fuck, Liv." He exhales loudly, the growl in his words making me moan quietly. "That's it. Keep rubbing your clit. I can see how wet you are. You're so f**king wet I want to throw this camera across the room and f**k you right now."

So do it, I want to say.

"Instead, I'm going to stand here and watch you slip your fingers along your pu**y and inside yourself. I want you to imagine they're my fingers f**king you, curving inside you."

I tilt my hips up as I push two fingers into myself.

"Imagine it's my thumb rubbing your clit. Imagine it's me making you feel this good, touching you the way you like. Imagine it good and imagine it hard, because when you come, your work isn't done. When you come, I'm going to sit on that bed and sit you on top of me."

I moan.

"I'm going to take off that blindfold. Then you're going to f**k me the way you're f**king your hand right now. And I'm going to slap your arse the way you like it and make you cry my name."

My muscles clench around my fingers as I come hard. It rushes through my body with the force of a tidal wave, throbbing and pulsating.

"Thank f**k for that," I hear Tyler say over the rushing in my ears.

The blindfold is whipped from my eyes and I open them in a haze, closing them again at the brightness of the room. Tyler wraps his arms around me and lifts me onto him. My knees lie on either side of his hips so I'm straddling him, and he grabs my wrist.

"Open your eyes. Now."

I force them open, half squinting. The squint soon disappears when he draws my two fingers into his mouth and licks them clean of my come.

"Mm. It was a waste of an orgasm, I admit," he breathes over my lips. "So now you get to give me one. I'd have you suck my cock, but after that, it's hard enough to have you f**k me."

"Still imagining me bent over the bed, huh?"

"One day." He squeezes my ass and guides me over his cock.

I thread my fingers behind his head and lower myself down. He slides into me easily, his size and hardness no match for my wetness. Both of his hands settle on my ass and guide me as I ease into a rhythm. I grind against him, riding him slowly but deeply.

I twine his hair around my fingers to get more grip as my speed increases. Blood pumping, skin tingling, breath catching. The feelings are rampant in my body, heightened when his palm connects with my ass.

"I'm trying really hard right now not to f**k you," he hisses. "Because you feel so, so f**king amazing on top of me, but I need to come so bad."

"You want it hard?" I whisper in his ear, sensing a shift in the dynamic.

"Yes, Liv. I'm telling you to f**k me hard."

"Telling me?" I still and tug his hair.

His fingertips dig into my skin. "Asking you to f**k me hard," he bites out. "Bitch," he adds.

I smile. "Are you sure? I'm a little wild." I raise my hips and slam back down onto him to prove my point.

Despite the groan that leaves him, he says, "I can handle you, babe. Don't doubt it."

"You asked for it."

I squeeze and start a new rhythm-harder, faster, tighter. My hips tilt and gyrate as I bounce on him, each time completely taking his c**k inside me. His fingers grip me tighter and tighter, his body tenses harder and harder, and my own body reacts.

I tug his hair and move faster. Tyler takes my mouth in a rough kiss, and right now, it's about the release. About the tightly coiled tension in us and between us finding its release. And it's close-so close.

Then it's here, crumbling on top of us both. I let go of Tyler's hair and wrap my arms around his neck as he kisses me even harder. His arms circle my waist and he tilts his hips up so he's firmly encased inside me as he comes.

I shudder, breaking the kiss, and bury my face in his neck. My body is racked with orgasmic spasms, making my pu**y clench around his cock. He rubs his hands across my back in a random pattern that's soothing and calming to me.

"Jesus, Liv. Fuck, f**k, f**k," he whispers against my skin.

"Is that good or bad?" I shiver.

"Good. Jesus, it was more than good." He kisses my shoulder. One of his hands leaves me and he tugs the sheets from beneath us.

We roll over and he pulls out of me in the process. With one lingering kiss on my lips, he ghosts his fingers down my body and peels off my stockings and my heels. Then he throws them on the floor and joins me in bed. Swiftly, he holds me against him and the covers over us.

Moving into him is automatic. Tangling one of my legs between his and laying an arm over his side is subconscious, the same way he hooks one of his legs over mine and runs his fingers through my hair. His other hand is wrapped around my body and cupping my neck, the one thing anchoring me to him.

If only it were. If only his arm were anchoring me, grounding me, into this f**ked-up relationship with him, it would be easier. If it weren't his need to push me to limits and discover desires I didn't know I had... If it weren't his insistence to always put me before his wants... If it weren't the way he looks at me, the fact that, when he smiles at me, it's a little wider than normal, or the fact his eyes sparkle a little brighter when I touch him, it would be so much easier to live with.

It would be so much easier not to feel myself become wholly addicted to him. Right now, encased in his arms, I'm not sure I'll be able to go another day without him touching me. I'm not sure I'll manage twelve hours without hearing his voice.

I don't know how I'm supposed to choose when my only choices will destroy us both.

He lets out a long, shuddery breath and holds me closer. "Don't ask me to let you go now. Please."

I can't respond to that, so like the wimp I am, I pretend I'm asleep.

25

Lying on the bed on my stomach, with my chin propped on my hands and my legs kicking in the air behind me, I watch Tyler navigate the room with ease. He's conveniently forgotten how to put on a T-shirt, it seems. Again.

Not that it's a bad sight. The muscles in his back ripple as he bends over to pack his suitcase. His biceps flex, and when he stands up, he stretches up tall. The smattering of hair that runs down the center of his stomach joins with the top of his pubic hair. Hair that's now in my view thanks to his stretch.

"Ty?"

"Yep?"

"You know how you love challenges?"

He pauses, bending at the waist, and looks at me over his shoulder. "Only if it's you challenging me."

"You know how you have to do it every time?"

"Where are you going with this?"

I tilt my head to the side. "I challenge you not to give me an orgasm for twenty-four hours."

He raises his eyebrows and turns back to what he's doing. "That won't make sex very fun for you, then."

"Uh, that's not what I mean." I sit up and run my fingers through my hair. "I challenge you not to have any kind of foreplay or sex with me for twenty-four hours."

He stops dead, dropping the jeans he was holding. "I'm sorry, babe. You're going to have to repeat that. I'm pretty sure I just heard you challenge me not to have sex with you for twenty-four hours, but that can't be right."

My lips twitch. "You heard me right."

He straightens and grabs the rest of his things from the bathroom. He puts them in the zip pocket on the lid of his suitcase then closes it. The buzzing noise of him zipping it up fills the almost tense silence in the room.

"Twenty-four hours?" he repeats. "No sex? No orgasm? No foreplay?"

"Twenty-four hours with no sex," I confirm. "Think you can do it?"

"Baby, I know I can do it. As long as you're prepared to be flipped onto your knees and f**ked into next week at the end of it."

I lick my lips. "I'm sure I can handle it." I lean back on my hands. "You're forgetting something really important, though."

"What's that?"

"In three hours' time, we'll be on a plane, in rather tight quarters, with a bed accessible and not a lot to do."

His eyes darken. With heat or anger, I don't know. Maybe it's restrained temptation. But it's the kind of darkness that's thrilling and terrifying at the same time.

"Then you better find yourself something to do for sixteen hours that won't make you wet or me hard."

"Day packed me some p**n on a page, so I'll manage." I grin sassily. "How about you?"

He puts his hands in his pockets. "Well, I was planning on uploading the images from yesterday and editing. Of course, I was also planning to induct us into the mile high club right after. Since I no longer have that option, I'll probably just wander around with my c**k raging hard and see if you can be around me and still keep to your challenge."

"Hey, I challenged you to not give me an orgasm. I didn't challenge it the other way around."

He smirks and walks to me, pulling his hands from his pockets. He rests them over mine on the bed, his fingers falling between mine, and leans forward. "Liv, the challenge goes for both of us. I can only think of one reason why you'd challenge me to this, whether or not you'll admit it."

I meet his gaze steadily despite the thump of my heart. "And what reason would that be, smartass?"

"It would be the one where you're still trying to convince yourself to give me a chance, and you want to see if we can be together in a way that isn't physical."

"Wrong." I swallow my lie.

"You're a lying bitch," he whispers into my ear, his lips brushing my lobe. "You're racking up quite the adjectives to go with that nickname."

"Bitch is my official nickname? Oh, wow. I feel so cherished." I roll my eyes.

"No, 'bitch' isn't your nickname." He grins then darts forward, kissing me, dragging my bottom lip between his teeth. "You're my bitch, which makes your official nickname 'Tyler's Bitch.'"

"Does that make a huge difference?" I murmur as he runs his tongue along where his teeth just were.

"Yes. It makes the world of difference."

"What, stick your name on an oddly affectionate but possibly insulting nickname and it makes it better?"

"It doesn't have to make it better"-he runs his thumb along the curve of my jaw-"because it makes you mine. And it makes sure everyone else knows it, too."

"But I'm not yours. Not really."

"You are mine, Liv, whether you admit it to yourself or not. You're mine when you're wrapping your hand around my cock. You're mine when your hands are bound and you're at my mercy. You're mine when your eyes are covered and you're following my instructions. And you're sure as f**king hell mine when you're screaming my name at the end of it all."

I shiver as his strong, certain words wash over me. He's right, of course. I am his-physically, mentally, and a little bit emotionally. And that's exactly what scares me.

Being as owned by him as he is by my addiction is terrifying.

"Now think about that," he murmurs huskily, his thumb ghosting my bottom lip. "Think about that in twenty-four hours when your challenge is up and you're bent in front of me, legs open, waiting for me to sink inside you. Think about that while you wait for it."

"You're a twat," I whisper, using his word.

"I'm your twat. See? It makes a difference." He kisses me again, curling his fingers around the back of my neck. "And I'm not ashamed to admit I'm yours. When you're smiling at me, when you're lying there in underwear you have no idea is sexy, when you're f**king me and clinging to my hair like it's the only thing anchoring you to the moment...I'm yours."

I say nothing, letting this moment linger. Letting his words hover between us, embracing them, holding on to them...getting addicted to them. To the underlying current of power in every syllable. To the smooth way he strung them all together and the way he never stopped to take a breath. To the inflection in the word 'yours.'

Addicted to the way he didn't have to think for a second about saying them.

Addicted to the way they're making me feel.

Safe. Warm. Cherished. Protected.

Owned.

I take a deep breath that shudders through my body. The combination of his breath mingling with mine and the tingle of his palm against my neck is heady and intoxicating.

Right now, dizzy from his words and the response they've elicited inside me, I want to give in.

I want to tell him yes.

I want to tell him we can do that. That, despite our addictions, two opposite poles, we can make it work.

But I don't. I can't-because I can't promise what I might not be able to fulfill. That's the bottom line. The intensity of my addiction could destroy us. It could tear us into a thousand unfixable pieces, because the only coping method I truly know is avoidance.

Not putting myself in a place where I can get addicted is how I cope with it.

"Come on," Ty says, trailing his fingers around my neck and dropping his hand. He grabs my hands and pulls me against him. "I want to show you something."

"What?"

His lips twitch into a smirk. "You'll see."

"This is such an Aaron move."

"I have no idea what you mean."

"Book out the whole Eiffel Tower. Really? What the hell makes you think it's necessary?"

"I don't abuse the money I have, but that doesn't mean I don't like to spend it sometimes."

I raise my eyebrows. "Um, you own one of the most expensive cars on the market right now, you had me brought to your apartment in a private car, and you've just booked out the Eiffel Tower. Spending it is forcing me to buy pretty things on the Champs-Elysees." I poke him in the arm.

"Trust me," he whispers into my ear, settling his arm around my shoulders. "You're worth every single penny I have."

I want to roll my eyes, but the moment he finishes speaking, we step out of the elevator. And my breath is taken away by the view before me. Paris-every inch of it-is spread out in front of me.

I walk around the platform. Notre Dame. Le Palais. A thousand other incredibly beautiful landmarks I can't begin to mention. The buildings that line every block, every street, their rooftops covered with flowers in random bursts of brightness. Even through the gentle grey of the clouds hovering above us in the sky, Paris from above is so f**king beautiful that it almost hurts to look at it.

"I want to tell you a secret," Tyler whispers, coming up behind me and resting his hands on either side of mine on the railing. "The way you're looking around now is the way I feel every time I look at you."

He touches his lips to my neck at the same time that my lungs fill with air. I don't believe him. There is no way he or anyone else on Earth can feel the sense of awe and wonderment I feel right now by just looking at a person.

I don't care how perfect he thinks we are. I don't care if he thinks I'm the most beautiful woman on Earth. I care about the way this city mesmerizes me and almost pulls me into another dimension with its beauty.

I don't believe for a second that Ty feels that when he looks at me.

He runs his nose across the base of my neck. My coat is pushed down by his neck, and a chilly wind wraps around us. I'm glad for my gloves, which are keeping my fingers warm, and even gladder for Tyler's breath on my neck. He's keeping me warm.

"What did you mean when you said you don't abuse your money?" I say suddenly, my attention shifting fully from the view to the man behind me.

He smiles against my skin. "Why don't we head to the restaurant for a drink?"

I nod my agreement and allow him to lead me into the elevator and then into the restaurant. It gives incredible views of Paris, and I settle onto a plush chair by a window. Tyler orders us both a cup of coffee. I raise my eyebrow to his laughter.

"I'm tired," he offers as a pathetic explanation.

"Coming from the man who demanded round three at two a.m. I'd imagine you are tired."

He grins across the table. "I love being inside you and having you scratch at my back while you scream my name. What can I say? Sue me, baby girl."

Believe me, suing him is something I have no intention of doing. Especially not for sexual reasons.

I lean the side of my head against the window with a smile tugging my lips. "You can answer my question now."

"Fine." He nudges my feet with his beneath the table. "I mean I'm the enigma in my family. I don't live in suits or jeans that cost hundreds and hundreds of dollars. My shirts aren't tailored and I don't get driven somewhere like some f**king incapable prick." He smirks when I raise my eyebrows. "I like nice things. I love my car and I like having decent clothes, but decent doesn't have to mean break-the-bank expensive. I'd rather Levi's over Armani any day of the week."

I study him for a moment. He's really telling the truth. "Wow. You're nothing like Aaron, are you? This"-I wave my hand- "aside."

"I have money, Liv, and I have a lot of it. Like I said, I sold my share of my parents' back to them. I don't have to work if I don't want to. I could live very comfortably for the rest of my life."

The waiter two mugs of coffee in front of us. I lift mine.

"How rich is rich?" I ask. "Out of curiosity. You talk about it like it's...nothing."

His smirk is evident even over his cup of coffee. "I'm a millionaire. Several times over."

I choke on the hot liquid in my mouth. Holy f**king Batman shit. "Seriously?"

"As serious as I'm sitting here right now. Like I said, I have money, I just choose not to use it a lot. My job pays for my apartment and my car and your underwear." His lips tug up. "The rest of it is...just there. It's a trust fund. Untouched for the most part."

I set my cup down on the mat in front of me. I drop my eyes from his and run my finger around the rim of it. "Is that why you don't have relationships? Because you're afraid they'll use you for your money?"

"I'm not afraid of relationships. I have an addiction to sex, not a phobia of commitment."

His words sting. They do. Right from my head to my toes.

"But yes. That's the main reason I never pursued a relationship in London. Everyone there knew who I was and what I was worth. Here in Seattle, well. I guess I just never found someone worth having a relationship for."

His gaze burns into me.

"Until now," he finishes.

"I wish I could be that girl." My words are so quiet that they're practically a whisper.

It's true.

I wish I weren't afraid. I wish I could tackle him with the impulsiveness I tackled Aaron's new bar with. I wish I could throw every piece of bullshit away and give him the thing he wants, because godfuckingdammit! He deserves it.

He deserves happiness. He deserves smiles and security and certainty. Something I can't offer.

Tyler reaches across the table and links his fingers through mine. He lifts our hands from the table and stares at me. Just stares, his gaze intense and shiver-inducing. And constant-until I finally give in to the buzz from his hand and look up.

"You are, baby girl. You're that person and so much more." He brings my knuckles to his mouth and kisses each one slowly. "You're the woman I never knew I was waiting for. The one I never knew I wanted or needed."

I take those words. I take them and I curl my fingers around them and I pull them to my chest. I lock them away in my heart, inadvertently giving it a reason to beat. A reason to keep going through the doubts and the worries and the insecurities.

I give it the reason to stay.

No, I don't. He does.

With a handful of words, he's changed everything. With something so simple, a phrase so small, I know nothing will be the same. I know my decision is harder.

Because he's everything I never knew I wanted. He's the thing that makes me tick. He makes my skin hum with life and my stomach tighten with anticipation. He makes my eyes burn with tears of pleasure and my lungs tighten with emotion.

Tyler Stone is everything. Everything I shouldn't want. Everything I should stay away from. Everything dangerous, everything risky, everything that toes the line between good and bad.

Everything addictive. Everything obsessive. Everything tempting.

I squeeze his hand. In this moment, I don't want to let go. I don't want to feel the chill of the air against my palm when his hand leaves mine. I don't want to feel the emptiness.

So I pull our hands toward my face and rest my cheek against the back of his. "I'm scared," I whisper. "I'm scared that, one day, I'll be so obsessed with you, so in love with you, that I won't be able to survive if you leave me."

I close my eyes as I feel the truth in my words. I don't know why I said them. I never meant to say them. They were supposed to be inside my mind, silent to everyone except me.

"I promise I won't leave," he whispers back, uncurling his fingers from mine and settling them against my cheek. "I promise I'll always be there."

"You're not the only person to say that, you know? You're not the only person to promise something you couldn't keep. Why do you think I won't answer you? Why do you think I can't commit to you?"

"Liv," he breathes, holding my cheek tighter.

"It's not because I'm flighty or indecisive. It's not because I'm a slut or a bitch. It's not because I don't care or that I don't want to. It's because I'm so f**king afraid that, one day, I'll destroy you. One day, I'll hurt you, Ty. One day, my addiction could become so relentless that I could take everything you've ever known and twist into something you don't know. I could take your whole goddamn world and make every spin about me. If you knew, if you truly, truly knew how bad it is already, what I fight against every single second, you wouldn't be so flippant about it."

"I'm not scared, baby girl. I'm not scared of what you think you could do to me." He turns my face so I'm looking at him. "I'm scared of everything you can't do to me. Get addicted to me. Get obsessed with me. I can tell you right the f**k now it's nothing that won't be returned."

I squeeze my eyes shut. His hand leaves me briefly, only to return seconds later, this time on my back and pulling me into him. I fist his shirt with one hand and cover my face with the other.

Don't cry. Don't cry. You're stronger than that shit. You're stronger than to let your emotions get the best of you, Liv.

"The thing I fear most is having a day where I don't wake up and think about you," he murmurs into my hair. "The day I don't need you is the day I'm most afraid of. Nothing you think you could do to me could possibly be worse than that."

"You don't understand. I could kill us. Why don't you get that? You don't know my addiction. You don't know me. You don't know my desire to know every single little bit of information about you. Where did you go to school? Why did you stop teaching? Why did you sell your share of the company? Why did you move to Seattle? Why did you work for your cousin? Where was your first job? What made you decide to do photography? What makes you hate the business world so much?

"What's your favorite food? Color? Shoe? Car? Sport? Drink? TV show? Do you prefer documentaries or sitcoms? Do you like comedy? Do you like movies? Who's your favorite actor? Singer? Comedian? Football player? Soccer player? Basketball player?" I take a deep breath. "Every little thing, Ty. I need to know every single thing about you because I can't imagine a world where I don't. It's a burning need. Insatiable. Unrelenting. If I don't find out, it might kill me. Fuck, it is killing me! It's driving me f**king crazy!"

I pull back from him, but he pulls me straight back.

"You wanna know? You ask me. But for the record, my favorite color is orange, my favorite sport is American football, believe or not, and my favorite TV show is the same as yours. The Big Bang Theory. And I already forgot the rest." A hint of amusement filters through his words.

I laugh into him. "Me, too. I might have gotten a little carried away."

"No. No, you didn't. It was the only way you could make me understand. And I don't. I don't understand your need to know everything about me, Liv. Just like you don't understand my need to be inside you every day. But that doesn't mean we can't make this shit work. You got it? It doesn't mean we can't work through all our crap and pull something real from it." He runs his fingers through to the ends of my hair. "It doesn't make me want all of you any less. It doesn't make me need you any less, baby girl."

I squeeze my eyes shut and know that there's only one solution to this. Only one way to figure this out. And that's to be away from the beauty and magic of another city and be in the dreary wetness of home. Only at home can I firmly put two feet on the ground and make a decision that will stick. A decision I'll believe in.

I sigh heavily. Ignoring the warmth in my body and the fluttering in my heart, I ask, "Take me home please."

26

I stifle a yawn as I follow Aaron around the new bar. They landed back in Seattle minutes after Tyler and I did, and Day took one look at me and told Aaron to bring me here.

She's taken Tyler to get coffee, and I swear, if she's pulling her matchmaking shit, I will kill her.

"What do you think?" Aaron asks.

I look around the building. Right now, it's carnage in here. Builders are everywhere. There's dust and wooden planks and whatever in every single possible place. But looking at the plans in my hand-Aaron's vision-I see it.

"I think it's gonna be the best damn cocktail bar in the city," I say honestly.

"Good answer." He grins. "It should be ready to go in two weeks. When do you have to tell Donny you're leaving?"

"I'll go by when I leave here and tell him. I'll give him a week's notice then take a week off."

"No offense, but you look like you need it." He puts his hand on my shoulder and leads me toward the door. "Come on. I'll take you to see Donny and we'll grab a drink."

"This can't be good," I mutter.

Aaron catches it and laughs. "Well my fiancee is currently grilling my cousin and I've been told that, if I'd ever like another blow job, I have to do the same to you."

"Fantastic."

"But here's the difference-we'll talk normally, and when she inevitably asks you about our conversation, you'll tell her that I chewed your ass out from here to Miami." He shuts the car door behind us and tells the driver to go to White Stag.

I smile. "Man, you know how to handle her."

"I'm soft as shit for her, but what she doesn't know isn't going to harm her or my chances of a blow job."

I laugh. "In that case, I will willingly lie to my best friend. As far as she's concerned, you asked so many questions that I decided to offer you my bra size for good measure."

Aaron smirks. "Now who knows how to handle her?"

"I have fifteen years of experience. She's wrapped around my finger." I wink at him as the car stops.

Aaron opens the door and helps me out. My stomach bubbles with nerves when I walk into the bar and spy Donny behind the bar.

"Let me get you a drink," Aaron says softly. "Sauvignon?"

"Please," I reply. "Hey, Donny, can we talk?"

My boss glances up and blinks in shock when he sees Aaron. "Mr. Stone. It's a pleasure to meet you." He holds out his hand and I hold in my sigh.

"The feeling is mutual, Mr. Hall." Aaron smiles politely.

I cough and Donny looks at me. "Rosie, can you serve Mr. Stone, please? I'm going out back with Liv."

He waves his hand, and I follow him out to his office. I wring my hands in front of me and sit in the leather chair in front of his desk.

"What's up?" Donny settles back into his own seat.

"I'm leaving," I blurt out. Way to quit with finesse, Liv.

"You are?"

"Um, yes." I run my fingers through my hair. "Aaron-Mr. Stone-has offered me the manager's position at his new cocktail bar."

"I see. Well, you deserve it, Liv. You work hard and I'm sorry to see you go."

"I'm sorry to leave. I love it here. I'll work out the week."

Donny nods. "Sure thing." He stands and hugs me. "Come on, then. I'm pretty sure Ro was imagining Mr. Stone naked."

I laugh and follow him back out. True enough, Rosie is staring at Aaron across the bar with hearts in her eyes. He's smirking, amused but not interested. It's like a high school moment.

"Everything okay?" he asks me when I appear.

"Fine. Let's go and sit where you won't be accosted by roving eyes." I wink at Rosie and grab my glass.

She flips me the bird and I laugh while sliding into a seat in the corner of the bar.

Aaron slides across from me and sets his glass down. The whisky inside sloshes a little with the motion.

"So. You and Tyler."

"Maybe me and Tyler," I correct.

"Maybe?" He laughs. "There's no maybe about it. You know as well as I do you two are more than a maybe."

"Just because we're more than a maybe doesn't mean we have to be. Our feelings don't always have to define our actions. Yes, I like him. I like him a whole lot more than like, but that doesn't mean it's a good idea for me to pursue a relationship with him."

Aaron sips his drink slowly, his blue eyes leveled on mine. "That's true. On the other hand, it doesn't mean it's a good idea for you not to. For someone so impulsive, you're sure thinking this through a lot."

"I'm impulsive with shoes, wine, and jobs. I'm not impulsive with my heart."

"Perhaps that's your problem. You and Day are so alike in that respect. When I found her again..." He sighs and shakes his head. "Call me a f**king pu**y, but it was like everything in my life was right again. Like it all made sense just by looking in her eyes-and I still feel like that. Hell, Liv, she felt like that. But she fought me every damn step of the way. She kept fighting even when she knew she'd lost. If she'd just stopped, for one moment, she would have seen that we made sense."

"But she did. In the end."

"After a few mountain-sized bumps and a f**k-ton of groveling on both our parts, yes. My point is that you're doing the same with Tyler. You're fighting everything when anyone can see that you two are good for each other. Stop thinking for five minutes and you'll see it, too."

I snort. "We're not good for each other, Aaron. We're the very worst thing either of us could have."

"Sometimes you need the worst to bring out the best in you." He puts his glass down again. "Look, I know you had a rough time a few years ago. Just like I refuse to tell Dayton about Tyler's past, she refuses to tell me about yours. I wish we would tell each other, because it would make this a whole lot easier."

"I don't know his past and he doesn't know mine."

"Because you're refusing to talk about it. Yeah, we talk. Just because we're guys doesn't mean we don't talk about this shit. I called him a hundred times with Dayton-he's more like my brother than anything. I know how he feels about you, Liv. He's told me. And let me tell you, if you'd asked me six months ago if I ever thought he'd be this serious about a woman, I would have laughed at you." His lips twitch. "I did laugh when he told me. I thought he was kidding, but he isn't."

"It's not just a snap decision. I can't clap my hands together and know. I'm not holding off to protect myself. I'm doing it to protect him."

"Tyler's a big boy. He can protect himself. I've seen him do it several times."

I put my face in my hands then run my fingers through my hair. I take a deep breath and let it out slowly. "I'm afraid to commit. There we go. I don't know why I'm admitting it to you, but I'm afraid of the thing he wants."

"The only way to beat your fears is to face them. Listen to me." He rests his hand over mine on the table. "Day said your parents live nearby. Go and stay with them for a night. Get out of Seattle and be in a place where you can make your decision. It's not fair to either of you."

"I know." I blink back a set of tears. Fucking things. "Will you tell Tyler where I am?"

"No. I'll tell him you've gone out of town for a night, and that's it."

I nod. Going to visit my parents isn't such a bad idea. I haven't seen them in a few months, and maybe Aaron's right. It could be exactly what I need.

Plus, I'll have my mom. And despite her unnecessary worrying about my seeing a man in the mafia, she's my mom.

And twenty-five or not, every girl needs their mom.

I sink into my dad's embrace. Warm and familiar with the gentle scent of cigar smoke, it comforts me instantly. This will always be home-in his arms.

"Princess," he says happily. "You didn't say you were coming!"

I pull back and smile. "I didn't know. It was an impulse thing."

"Liv? Is that Liv?" Mom's voice filters through the house. She gasps in delight and practically shoves Dad out of the way to get to me. "Baby! You're home!"

"Hey...Mom," I choke out as she squeezes me tight. Shit, the woman is fifty-two with the grip of a wrestler.

"Let up, Mare. Let the girl breathe." Dad gently pulls her off me. "Do you have any bags in the car?"

I shake my head and lift my bag. "It's just for a night. Needed to get away."

Mom's eyes instantly fill with worry. "Is everything okay, honey?"

I nod. "Yes. Yes. I just needed a break, you know?" I give her a look that says, We'll talk later.

I don't want to bring it up in front of my dad. If anyone was hit hard by my stupid suicide attempt, it was him. He was mad that he hadn't been able to protect me. He felt for a long time like he'd failed me, and that's not something I want him to ever feel again. I don't want him to know that it still affects me now.

I want him to think I have my shit under control. I don't like to lie to him, but if he doesn't ask, I won't tell. And if I don't mention it, chances are he won't ask.

"Okay. You'll have to sleep in the spare room tonight. Nana's here."

Oh shit. "Crazy, forgetful Nana?" I groan.

Dad laughs. "She's as batty as she always was. And she's mentioned your name at least five times in the last hour."

"Shit. I should have called," I sigh, walking into the house.

"I heard that, ya little shit! It's my mind that's goin'. Not my hearing!"

I shuffle into the conservatory sheepishly and bend to give the old woman a cuddle. "Hey, Nana. How are you?"

"I'm good, good. Batty as I always was!" She shoots Dad a fondly annoyed look, and he laughs.

"Great. Now why are you sleeping in my bed?" I wink at Mom.

"Because the spare room is shit," she says matter-of-factly. "The mattress is like a wooden plank."

"Nice of you to save it for me."

"If I knew you were coming, I would have waited until next week," she retorts.

"I'm wishing I'd called ahead."

"You should have. It would have given me time to get the hell out of here." She winks at me exaggeratedly, adding a wide-mouthed smile for a good measure.

"I'll book you a flight now then!" I laugh. "Get packing, old woman."

She grabs a mint from the pack on the arm of her chair and throws it at me. "Mary, didn't I teach you to respect your elders? Why didn't you pass it on to your daughter?"

"I respect you, Nana," I say innocently. "I just have way more fun f**king with you."

"Olivia!" Mom gasps over Nana's loud laughter.

"Well, what your mother didn't teach you, I sure did." She winks again. "Oh, Mare, don't be so strait-laced. I heard you out there swearing at the casserole earlier. What was it you said? 'Stupid f**king casserole dish being so f**king damn hot!' Amongst others."

Mom blushes appropriately. "I went to put it back in the oven without my gloves. It slipped out."

I give her a pointed look. "Yes, Mom. We all believe it slipped out." I roll my eyes.

"Speaking of casserole," Nana says. "Is it ready yet? My stomach is digesting itself."

"It should be. Come out to the kitchen and we'll see." Mom strides out of the room.

I cross the sizable room and help Nana from her chair.

"Thanks, dear." She pats my arm. "Oh, you should probably know I'm sleeping in your room. The spare bed is f**king terrible."

I open my mouth to tell her that she's already told me, but instead, I smile. God love her.

27

"You look like you have a face slapped with a wet fish," Nana says. "Have you been salmon fishing?"

"It's not salmon season, Nana," I reply. "And I don't fish."

"Not salmon season? It flamin' well is! Bit cold for July though. Hey, Steve. Put the heat on. I'm turning into a snowman."

I raise an eyebrow at Mom. "July? Nana, it's March."

"No, it's July. I specifically remember arranging my next visit here for July."

"Mother," Mom says softly. "You did. We talked about it yesterday. You said you'd come back in July."

Nana blinks at her. "Oh. Did we?"

Mom nods. "Yes. You said you wanted to come up in salmon season because you wanted fresh salmon."

Nana tilts her head to the side. "Oh. Oh, all right. That would explain the temperature. Still, get the heat on."

Dad sniggers and slinks off to turn up the thermostat. The woman is batshit crazy. He comes back a minute later and grabs his tea from the table.

"I'm going into watch television. Lizard Lick Towing is on."

"He's obsessed with the show," Mom explains at my shocked look. "I think he has a crush on that Amy girl. She's badass, she is."

My fifty-two-year-old mother should not say badass. Mind you, my eighty-year-old Nana probably shouldn't swear like a drunken sailor either, but there we go.

"Mother, are you going to shut your eyes for half an hour before your medication?"

"No. I'm not tired. I want to know why my granddaughter looks like her thong is stuck up her ass."

I jolt. "Nana!"

She waves her hand. "Come on. Talk."

I chew the inside of my lip. I don't really want to talk with Nana around. Not because I don't want her know... No, yeah. It's because I don't want her to know.

"I'm not f**king moving, so start talking," she snaps. "I'm not going to be shocked by anything you have to say. I've done it all, honey."

I raise my eyebrows at Mom. Maybe she should go for that nap...

Mom sighs. "You better let her in on it. She'll only hound you until you give in."

"I'm only hounding Steven because he hasn't given me my fresh salmon yet. Salmon season and no salmon! It's an abomination."

Mom puts her hand over her eyes. "He'll get you some tomorrow, okay? I'll send him out fishing in the morning and we'll go to the farmer's market."

Nana nods. "Good. Now, Olivia."

I sigh and cross my legs on the sofa.

"No? All right. You met a guy and you're afraid because of what happened before," Nana determines.

"How the hell do you even know that?" I shriek. "Oh my god."

"So I'm right? Ooh, goodie!"

Now it's my turn to cover my eyes with my hand. Sly bat trapped me!

"Yes, Nana. You're right."

"Oh, is that Aaron's cousin?" Mom asks. "The one you went on a date with?"

"Liv went on a date? Fuck me."

"Nana!" I cry at the same time that Mom yells, "Mother!"

Nana cackles. "Sorry. Carry on."

I sigh again. "Yes, the guy I went on a date with. We've spent a lot of time together over the last month and now...he wants more. I want more, but hell, I'm afraid. I don't want to repeat what happened before. I can already feel it. I'm already more than a little obsessed with him."

No one says anything for a long moment, but when they do, I don't expect the gem to be from Nana.

"Sometimes love and obsession are one and the same. Sometimes you can't tell them apart because they're no different. Love is thinking of someone every day, wanting to be with them all the time, needing to know everything about them. Just like an obsession is."

"It goes past obsession, Nana."

"Addiction? You think love ain't addiction, girl? Have you ever been in love?"

I shake my head.

"Then you're shittin' yourself if you think there's a difference. I was addicted to your grandpa because he was my best friend and my lover. I needed him to live, and now that he's gone, a part of me is dead. Because I love him."

"I don't understand what you're saying."

"I'm saying maybe you aren't addicted to him or obsessed with him. Maybe you're falling in love with him, you flaming dingbat."

My lips twitch. "I'm not falling in love with him, Nana. I think I'd know if I'm falling in love."

Mom pats my hand. "You don't always know when you're falling in love, but you sure as hell know when you get there."

"So you're saying that, one day, I'm just going to wake up and be like, 'Oh, shit. I'm in love?' No warning? No preemptive mushy bullshit? Just bam, like that?"

Nana snorts. "You've been reading too many romance novels, my girl. Yes. Bam. Smack. Bang." She claps loudly, her bracelets jingling. "If you don't think you're in love, you probably aren't, because you know when you are."

"I know I'm not in love."

"Not you. You don't count in that rule. You didn't know you were growing boobs either, but you were."

I laugh into my hand. So she's right-I refused to believe that my budding br**sts were just that. Breasts. "All right, all right. When I'm in love, I'll know. But this doesn't solve my dilemma."

"You haven't said what the damn dilemma is!" Nana thumps the arm of her chair.

I glance at Mom. I have. She's just forgotten. Again.

"I don't know if I can have a relationship with him because of what happened...before. In school."

Mom curls her fingers around mine. "Princess, you can. You're not a teen girl who doesn't know better. You're a strong woman who knows how to cope. If you really like him, if you really want to make it work, you'll find a way to."

Her words echo Tyler's so closely. And deep down, I know it's true.

"I'm scared," I whisper, taking my hand from hers and pulling my knees to my chest. "I'm scared that he'll be everything and then he'll go and I'll have nothing. I'm scared I'll hurt him. I'll hurt Dayton. I'll hurt you all. I'm afraid I'll send us all on a crash course like I did before. I don't want to do that again."

"So don't," Nana says simply.

"It's not that simple, Nana!"

"Oh, pish! It is. You're just complicating things with your bullshit, Olivia. If you want him and he wants you, then you have nothing to lose."

"I nearly lost my life!" I almost shout. "How is that nothing? What if, next time, it's worse? What if, next time, I do lose?"

Nana's face softens, but her eyes harden. She leans forward in her chair and points a wrinkly finger at me. "You listen to me, my girl, and you listen to me good. You're not afraid of committing. You're not afraid of hurting anyone. The thing you fear is weakness. It's commendable, really, but also complete crap. The only person you're hurting is yourself-and this boy. You're stringing you both along because of your naivety. That's what it is. What you are. Naive. You think love pops up for every Tom, Dick, and Harry?"

Her words sting.

"It doesn't. It isn't something you can throw around. If you can sit there and tell me it wouldn't kill you to walk away from him, then that's exactly what you should do."

I hug my knees tighter to me. I want to say the words. They're there, sitting on my tongue, teasing my lips. But they won't come out.

The thought of saying them twists my heart painfully.

"Well?" she raises penciled-in eyebrows. "I thought as much. You fear weakness because you never want to feel it again, and that's why you can't commit. Love makes you weak, Olivia. It makes you weak and it makes you strong at the same time. But the strongest love is the one you accept and embrace. Fight it and you're destined for weakness."

My eyes burn with tears, and I swallow hard. "I know," I whisper. "I know."

"So why are you fighting it? If you're so afraid of weakness, why don't you get off your ass and tell him what you want? I bet he doesn't even know how you feel, does he?"

I shake my head.

"Flamin' heck, girl! You're making a total pig's ass**le of this, aren't ya?"

I nod. If I talk, the tears will come.

"You need to talk to your young man and tell him how you feel, Olivia. That's the only way you'll ever move on. Fuck your fear. Face it and embrace it and you will kick it in its rusty butt."

I half-laugh, half-sob.

Mom gets up and wraps her arm around my shoulder. "Don't let the fear of falling in love stop you from basking in the beauty of the possibility. Think about how beautiful it could be, how happy you could be, and go from there." She kisses my temple. "Come on, Mother. It's time for your medication."

Mom gets up and helps Nana up. Nana pauses by the door.

"Olivia."

I look up and meet her gaze.

"I'm staying in your room. You'll have to take the spare room."

I shudder and smile. "Okay, Nana. Thanks for letting me know."

"You're welcome. Now, Mare, does that husband of yours have my salmon yet?"

I laugh into my knees as Mom leads her away. She shuts the door behind her, leaving me in the silence of the conservatory. Leaving me with the overwhelming noise of my thoughts.

With the realization of my stupidity.

With the ache of my heart.

Nana's right. I'm not afraid of love or my addiction-not really. I'm afraid of the product of my addiction, which is weakness. I've been strong for so long that spiraling into a place where I'm not strong is terrifying.

That would be easier to swallow if I weren't already weak. Tyler makes me weak. He makes me want to give everything to him when sometimes I have nothing myself. But maybe I should.

Maybe I should stop being such a f**king idiot and just do it.

An impulsive decision, contradicted by the thought put into it.

We are perfect for each other. In the most nonsensical way, we are. And like he said, waking up to a day where I don't need him is vomit-inducing. I don't want to not need him. I don't want to not have him around, making me laugh, turning me on, teasing me. I don't want a day where I don't hear his voice and have it send tingles down my spine.

I want to hear him mutter his dirty words. I want to feel him tie my hands and completely own my body. I want to taste him on my tongue, see his dark eyes that show so much, smell his cologne mix with his natural scent.

I want him every second of every day and I shouldn't be afraid of that. I shouldn't hold back from something we both want just because of my fear. Like Nana said, I have to face it head on. I have to deal with it or I'll never be happy. Because Tyler is the guy who makes me happy. He's the one who makes my day brighter, and maybe he's the guy who can help me banish my fear.

Maybe he really will always be there.

Maybe I should finally woman up and tell him everything.

My name is Olivia Warren. I'm not in love with Tyler Stone-not yet. But I am wholly, irreversibly, and overwhelmingly addicted to him.

"I love you, Nana." I peck her wrinkly cheek. "Thank you for the ass-kicking."

"Any time," she answers honestly. "Did you know your dad has gone to get me salmon?"

I smile. Yep. From the store. "I know. You enjoy it, okay? I'll call you soon."

"Don't bother. You'll probably just piss me off."

"True that. Bye, Nana." I kiss her cheek again and turn to Mom. She immediately folds me into her arms. "Thank you, Mom. I'll definitely call you soon."

"Please do." She squeezes me and then lets me get into my car. "I love you, Olivia."

"Love you, too." I smile and pull away from the house. I catch Nana's wave in the mirror and wave back before rolling my window back up.

It's an hour drive from my parents' place to mine. At least it should be. It's actually a long, traffic-jammed two and a half hours on the interstate before I've even reached the outskirts of Seattle. I fiddle with my radio, trying not to think about calling Tyler or the fact my stomach is, in Nana's words, about to digest itself.

Lunch wore off an hour or so ago.

My skin is tingling at the thought of touching Tyler. At being near him. At the thought of hearing his voice. Every part of me is consumed with longing and it's barely been thirty hours since I last saw him.

After a few honks and a few more fingers in the air, I pull up outside my apartment. I grab my bag from the passenger's seat and walk into the building. Then I pick up my stack of mail from my mailbox in the lobby and flick through it as the elevator takes me up. Bill...bill...bill-oohh, shoe sale!

I smile to myself as I step out of the elevator. A quiet knocking sound fills the hallway and I look up.

At Tyler.

Sitting on the floor, his back against my door, throwing a tennis ball at the wall opposite him. One of his legs is bent up, the other stretched out. I watch him throw the ball, catching it one-handed every single time.

I open my mouth to talk to him, but he beats me to it.

"I've been sitting here like a f**king idiot for about four hours. I have no idea why. At first, I thought you were in. Then I remembered you went out of town. Fuck knows where. No one will tell me where or why you went. So I sat down and started playing with this. Hit your neighbor's door a few times. He invited me in, but I said I'd rather sit here. Got hungry and ordered pizza." He knocks the box next to him. "Sat here like a f**king teenage boy hung up on some girl he's never gonna get."

My chest tightens when he looks at me. I've never seen his eyes so empty, so dull.

"That's what I think. You know that? That I finally found this amazing woman who doesn't give a f**k if I'm rich or down to my last five dollars. That I finally found this incredibly sexy and confident woman who isn't afraid of what I want. Of my desires. And that I'm going to lose her, because despite being the same, we're so different. Yet I still can't f**king go anywhere. I tried. Couldn't leave the motherfucking building!" He yells the last word and turns away from me. He slams the tennis ball against the wall opposite him and ducks to the side when it bounces back. "I have no idea what you've done to me, Liv. I just can't walk away from you even though I know you're going to ask me to." He dives his fingers into his hair and looks down.

"I'm not."

He looks up. My hands shake, and I've never been more afraid of my own words.

"I'm not going to ask you leave. In fact, if you try it, I'll beg you to stay."

28

"What?" He stands up slowly.

"I'm not asking you to leave," I repeat, walking to him. "Stay. Please don't go. Please don't think I want you to. I don't."

He cups my face and brings my lips to his. "I'm not, baby girl. I'm not going anywhere."

I hold him tight. "Good. I'll kill you if you do."

He buries his face in the side of my neck. "I need you, Liv. I need you so f**king badly right now. I'm coiled tighter than I've ever been."

I dig into my bag blindly and grab my key. I slot it into the door and walk inside, him hot on my heels. I dump the bag on the floor and the mail on the coffee table then turn to him.

He kicks the door shut, and I've barely taken a breath before he's on me, pushing me back on the sofa, pushing my sweater up my stomach. His hands slide across my skin as desperately as his lips move against mine.

I tangle my fingers in his hair and flick my tongue against his lips. Begging him for more, because I need this, too. I need all of him, starting right now.

"We should talk," he whispers against my jaw. "I know we should."

"Fuck now, talk later," I say, throwing his words back at him. "And I'll even agree to a snuggle."

He grins, lifting me and pulling my shirt and sweater over my head in one swift motion. "Snuggly bitch." He runs his nose along my jaw before his lips find my neck and travel down to my br**sts.

He cups them over my bra, rubbing his thumbs over the spots where my ni**les are. His mouth is hot against my skin, the wet, openmouthed kisses he's dropping against me burning into me. I tug at his sweater now. I need to feel his skin against mine.

I don't have the patience for this.

I tug more forcefully until he laughs quietly and pulls it off. His shirt follows. My fingers find his stomach instantly, ghosting over it. I kick my shoes off when his fingers trail down my sides to my jeans.

"I'll take my time later. Right now, I need in you too badly."

I unbutton his jeans. "Then stop talking and f**k me."

"Gladly." He shakes off the rest his clothes and removes mine.

My socks are removed with my jeans, my panties all but torn from me, and my bra roughly unclipped. He grabs my legs and hooks them around him, leaning one of his knees on the sofa. He lifts my hips and rubs himself against my wetness, covering the head of his c**k and teasing me until he pushes inside.

I reach for him as he fills me. I cling to him like a koala, lifting my hips into him as he kisses my neck and drives into me forcefully. My nails dig into his shoulders. One of his hands is steadying him and the other is in my hair, tangling and pulling it, and I'm moaning in his ear, asking him to go faster, because I need more, always more.

He closes his mouth over mine and swallows my cries as they get louder. Our skin slaps together and my body is hot, so hot, trembling, shaking, shuddering, ready for the explosion of the build. Ready to feel him finish inside me, ready to take every last bit he has.

I bite down on his bottom lip. He groans and thrusts harder. It's painful in the most beautiful way. He tugs on my hair and bites me back on my lip, a possessive nip, and that's my moment.

My body tightens in delight as the orgasm washes over me. Needed and welcome, I hold Tyler until he comes, too. He collapses on top of me, my name leaving him in a series of quiet whispers.

"My bitch," he murmurs, turning his face to mine and kissing me.

"Your bitch," I reply just as quietly, running my fingers through his hair.

He lets out a long breath and holds me tight to him. His heart is pounding in a relentlessly fast beat, the same as mine. I never want to move. I just want to stay here, in his arms, because I know that, in a few minutes, it's going to get serious.

He doesn't move either. Neither of us wants to tackle the bullshit no matter how badly we want to make this work.

"Come on," he whispers. "Let's snuggle and talk."

I smile and let go reluctantly. Now my heart is pounding in apprehension, not happiness. "You know we have to tell each other everything, right? If we're going to do this...a relationship- a real one-we have to have no secrets." I swallow hard.

He helps me up and pushes some hair from my face. "Yes. I know. Both of us."

I nod. "Can I go first? I mean... Before I chicken out."

A small smirk tugs his mouth. "You usually do go first."

I slap his arm. "Bastard."

He laughs and gets up. Cocky f**ker-but I'm no longer so scared. That small break in the tension is what I needed. What we both needed.

He pulls on his pants and I grab some shorts and a T-shirt from my room. When I come back out, Tyler hands me a cup of coffee and grabs his cup of tea. I smile as we settle on the sofa, facing each other, my legs hooked over his. He tugs the coffee table closer so we can reach from this position. Then he wraps his arms around me and links his fingers behind my back.

"Okay. Just...talk," he says.

"Um. Okay." I settle my fingers against the top of his stomach. The lump in my throat is the only thing stopping bile coming up-I know it. "Well, I went to my parents' house yesterday. I needed to get out of the city to think. Of course, my batshit crazy nana was there, so I got more of an ass-kicking than I did thinking. But anyway, she made me realize that you have to face your fears if you're ever going to get over them. So. Here I am. Fear-facing."

Tyler's thumbs stroke my back gently, and I take a deep breath and continue.

"So. Past." I look down at where my fingers are resting on his abs. "Yeah." One-word sentences really aren't doing much. Shit. I need to start making sense.

"We have time," he says softly.

I shake my head. "You do. I don't. I have a lack of lady-balls right now."

He laughs quietly.

"Okay. I'm just gonna blurt it out in one great big breath so it probably won't make much sense."

"I'll try and keep up."

"You do that." I swallow once more, wondering if, by the time this is through, I'll have swallowed my own throat or not. "There was this guy in my senior year of high school and we'd been flirting for a bit. We got closer and closer, and by the time Christmas was coming around we were pretty much a couple. Anyway, we were crazy in lust and we were together like all the time and I mean like all the time and I thought I was stupid in love with him because I was young and dumb but I wasn't I was totally obsessed. He was my first real boyfriend so I'd never felt anything like it, and I didn't know it wasn't normal to be addicted to someone that way. We split before college and I felt like everything was tumbling around me. I was in this f**k-off funk that nothing and nobody could bring me out of. The only light was if I happened to see him or speak to him. I started listening to voicemails he'd left on my phone when I missed one of his calls just to get through the day. His voice was like my drug-one fix and I'd be okay. But I wasn't. I never was. I missed him too much and when I really realized we were over I went crazy. Not freak-out crazy. Grab-a-bottle-of-pills-and-down-them crazy."

I squeeze my eyes shut. My heart is pumping adrenaline through my body at a lightning speed. But I can't stop now.

"I was taken to the hospital, had my stomach pumped. Then they threw me into therapy. After a couple months my therapist realized I had an addiction to love-or what I thought was love. As we went further in she realized my real addiction was to the person. She described it as I get addicted to the thought of love when the opportunity presents itself. Then because of that I get obsessed and eventually addicted to the person behind it all. I get addicted until that person becomes an extension of me. I get obsessive and paranoid and insecure. That's why I always said I could destroy us both."

Slowly, Ty brings his hands up and runs his fingers through my hair. He tilts my head back, forcing me to look at him. "You won't destroy us. I won't let you. If you break something, I'll fix it."

"You can't pick up my pieces, okay? If we're going to do this, then I have to deal with it. You can help, but you can't fix everything all of the time."

"I promise. Not all the time. But, sometimes, you have to let me. Because that's how it works."

"I don't understand why you're focusing on the destroying part rather than the suicide attempt part."

He shrugs one shoulder. "I guess because I don't plan on leaving you, so you'll have no reason to do that."

"You don't know that. What if, in a few months, you decide you can't deal with my obsessing? What if you can't deal with my hounding every time we're apart? What if we have to spend a weekend apart because of work stuff? That'll drive me to the brink of insanity. The fact that your work stuff will be hanging out with hot models will push me over."

"I'll take you with me if I can. Every time. If that will make you feel better, that's what I'll do."

I cover my face with my hands. "That sounded like I don't trust you. Shit. I do trust you. I do-but I'm not always rational, okay? So if I go a little crazy on you sometimes, just remember I do trust you and humor my bullshit."

"I humor your bullshit all the time." He leans in and kisses me. "You just don't realize because you're too busy humoring mine."

That cracks a smile. "Truth." I run my finger down the center of his stomach. "Do you think you can handle that? My crazy?"

"Babe, just like I knew I could go twenty-four hours without having sex with you, I know I can handle you." He grins. "And I owe you a bend-over-the-bed f**k. Or rather, you owe me."

"Well, we kind of have a lot of relationship time for a bend-over-the-bed f**k. Or a table. Or a sofa. Or any other surface you can think of."

His eyes spark with delight. "I'll get thinking." He leans in and nuzzles his nose against mine. "I suppose you want to know about me now, right?"

"Yep. Favorite food, favorite car, favorite football player..."

His lips twitch to one side. "Favorite food is Twinkies, believe it or not. Favorite car is an Audi R8-I miss mine. And my favorite football player is Richard Sherman."

"You're a Seahawks fan?"

"Both me and Aaron. Drives our parents nuts." He grins. "They support the Giants. But anyway. Before you ask, my favorite film is any of the Bond films. My favorite band is Coldplay. My favorite song by them is their newest-Sky Full of Stars."

"Why?"

"Why is it my favorite song?"

"Yep."

"Because it reminds me of you."

I open my mouth then close it again as a flush rises in my cheeks. Tyler watches me with great amusement and goes on.

"My favorite beer is Budweiser, my favorite non-alcoholic drink is fresh orange juice, and my favorite thing to do on a hot day is drink beer."

My lips form a wide grin. "Okay. I think my need for information is sated. For now."

"Good. And now I guess we have to get to my gritty stuff, right?"

I nod. "I fessed up. Now it's your turn."

"Okay." He grabs his mug of tea and drinks half of it before setting it back on the table. He settles his arms around me again, linking his fingers on my back, and looks up. "Let's see... When we were little, Tessa and Aaron were constantly following our parents around. They wanted to know every last bit of the business. My dad tried for about a year to get me interested, but I just didn't care. I didn't have the right head for it.

"Then we got older, and while they started internships and work experiences, I started sleeping with girls. Yeah. I was that knobhead." He laughs. "I studied photography at A-level in college just to make up the number of courses I needed to take and fell in love with it. It was so calm and quiet compared to my rowdy, devil-may-care personality. It was a great contradiction. Soon, I started doing it all the time. I begged Uncle Brandon to let me work in the photography department in the New York office when I was eighteen and he agreed. I guess he was happy I was finally showing some interest.

"Anyway, I went back home after the summer and hit uni. I took photography classes and teaching classes. I wanted to make sure I had a backup in case I never made it freelancing. I didn't want to get jobs just because of who I was. I wanted to do it because I'd earned the f**king right to."

"I get that."

He nods. "Anyway, I graduated after a few years and walked right into a teaching job. It wasn't anything huge or well paid. Just evenings and weekends, but it was enough to get some experience. I loved it-loved showing other people how to get the best out of the camera."

"Wait. You told me you hated it."

"I lied a little. I never really hated it though. I just loved freelancing more. I worked them side by side for a few years."

"So why did you stop?"

He runs his hands down my back, still linked, and settles them at the top of my butt. He watches me for a moment, his face getting ever more serious.

"Tyler. Why?" I prompt him again.

He sighs and rests his forehead again mine. His eyes are closed, like he doesn't want to look at me as he tells me.

"I slept with one of my students."

