Chapter One

SHE SITS ON THE COUCH, staring out the window as the late afternoon sun tries to make its way through the glass. Dark beige curtains frame the outside edges of her only access to the outside world, while white sheers fill the middle, making it almost impossible to see what's going on beyond the shrubs that run underneath.

Those gauzy curtains would also make it impossible for her to see what's going on inside her house, if she were ever standing on the lawn or the sidewalk looking in. But that never happens. She never leaves the house. Not even at night. Well, once she did. But then never again. The aftermath was not worth the brief taste of freedom.

The clock is ticking.

Ticking ... ticking ... ticking.

It's her only company for most of the day. Kitten lived for less than a day before her violent end came and she was put under a blanket of soil in the backyard. The rat remains hidden in the attic crawl space where he's safe from the monster, so she rarely sees him. She hears him though, at night, and it gives her comfort to know she's not totally alone.

There is no attic space for Nicole, though. She waits on the couch for the monster to come home. He'll be here soon. An hour. Maybe a few hours if she's very, very unlucky. It's not that she wants to see him sooner, it's just that if he's late, it means he'll be drunk. And anything can happen when the monster gets liquored up. Good, bad, ugly. It's all the same. Nicole wishes that the clock would stop ticking, stop carrying time away from her and just give her a few hours of non-time to gather her brain back together, to think, to find a way out of this mess.

She takes a deep breath and sighs heavily, the familiar ache in her ribs and face reminding her of the reality she lives with day in, and day out. The clock might as well keep on ticking, because there is no escape from this mess. This mess is her life until the day she takes her last breath and is placed in the spot next to Kitten in the backyard. He already has the hole dug.

Chapter Two

"HANG ON TO THAT SODA, Liam."

"I am, Dad." The little boy's skinny arms and small hands do the delicate work of carrying a full, sixteen-ounce soda up stairs and down again as they move through the stadium.

"Don't spill it. I'm not going to buy you another one if you do, you know."

"I know, Dad. I'm holding it good, I told you."

Brian makes his way through the crowd, balancing his nachos, two hot dogs, and a soda while guiding his six-year-old through the sea of baseball fans standing between them and their seats. They've got spots near the top of the fence in left field, the best ones in the house as far as he's concerned. His mitt is tucked under his arm. The supple pocket and fingers of leather held together with knotted laces is the embodiment of hope he carries; one day, despite ten years of trying with no luck, he'll catch a fly-ball and be able to put it in the stand he has waiting on his dresser.

"Think we'll catch a ball this time, Li-Li?" he asks.

"Yeah," Liam nods confidently, "I'm pretty sure we will. I'm feeling pretty lucky."

"Me too." Brian smiles. He knows the chances are slim, but he's a man with a dream and a glove that's been oiled every month for over fifteen years, ready and waiting. This could very well be the night his childhood dream comes true. And if not, it doesn't much matter. It's the hoping and believing that makes it fun. Passing on the legacy of that dream to his son is just the icing on the cake. He could come to Marlins games for the next twenty years and never be disappointed, regardless of whether he ever leaves with a scuffed baseball in his hand.

They find their seats and sit down, putting nachos and hot dogs in their laps. Sodas go in the cup holders on the arms of their chairs.

"Hey, Brian! Hey, Liam!" says an old man one row down and to the left, standing to greet them.

"Hank! How's it going?" asks Brian, leaning over to shake the man's hand. It's rough from the wood-working he does. It was just luck that got them talking about the Marlins one day at a wood-working club meeting, and they've been attending the games in nearby seats since. Brian and Liam are regular attendees at Hank's famous barbecues too.

"Same old, same old." Hank shifts his attention to Brian's son. "Gonna catch a fly ball tonight, Liam?"

The little boy nods his head while shoving the end of a mustard-covered hot dog in his mouth. "Mmmm hmmm." He gives the old man a thumbs up and blinks hard and slowly; both eyes go down together since he hasn't yet mastered the art of winking.

"Good boy. You're going to give it to me if you catch it, though, right?"

Liam shakes his head, his expression serious.

Hank feigns disappointment. "You're not? How come?"

Liam puts up a fist of victory, swallowing the wad of hot dog he only partially chewed. "Catch the ball! Live the dream! Baseball forever!"

Hank laughs as Brian ruffles the hair on top of his son's head. "That's my boy."

"Hey, you men have a good night," says Hank.

"You too. And tell Lidia we said hello," says Brian.

"Will do. Hey ... you hear from Helen lately?" Hank asks in a quieter tone, looking over to see if Liam is listening. He's not; he's too busy checking out the activity on the field as the players take their positions.

"Yeah. She's coming to get Liam tomorrow after school. She's taking him overnight before she has to go out of town again."

"Good, good, good ... that'll be good for him to see his mom and spend some time with her."

"Yeah, of course. She does her best. Her schedule's kind of crazy right now, but it'll ease up."

Hank nods, respect in his eyes. "You're a good man, Charlie Brown. Not only a great father but a very understanding ex-husband too."

"Thanks, Hank. Good luck."

Hank lifts a questioning eyebrow.

Brian slides his glove on and holds it up. "Bring yours?" he asks.

"Nah. I've got the old fashioned mitt right here." He holds up cupped, work-roughened hands and smiles, moving his bushy mustache up in the process.

"Just don't get in our way tonight, Hank. We're feeling lucky, and it's dog-eat-dog up here in the nosebleed section."

"That so?" Hank looks at Liam. "You feeling lucky tonight, little man?"

Liam nods. "My dad and I are ready. We polished the stand before we came."

Hank nods in appreciation. "Well then, you'd better catch a ball tonight."

The announcer interrupts their conversation, so Hank waves once and takes his seat. Brian rests his glove in his lap with his hand loosely inside.

Liam looks up at his father, a blob of ketchup on the corner of his mouth and some mustard on his nose. "Dad?"

"Yes, son?"

"Do you really think we'll get lucky tonight?"

Brian smiles. "I think we have just as good a chance as anyone else out here."

"Maybe better because we have your lucky glove, right?"

Wrapping his arm around his son's skinny shoulders, he faces the field. "You got that right." Brian holds up his glove sideways and Liam gives him the high-five he's waiting for.

Chapter Three

MAYBE I'LL GET LUCKY TONIGHT and he'll cheat on me and sleep somewhere else. Nicole says that to herself as a joke. He definitely cheats on her, but he never sleeps anywhere else, probably because he worries she'll decide to go out again. He should know better. She's too well-conditioned to dare doing that again. Besides, the locked doors make it kind of difficult.

She glances over at the table by the door that's lit with the streetlights' glow coming through the transom window. The framed picture is there, mocking her. She's tried to get rid of it several times, but the monster won't let her. It has to stay, he says, to remind her of what she's done.

The sound of a car coming down the street makes her entire body go tense. She's gotten very good at detecting the type of vehicle that approaches by the sound of its engine. This one roars loudly, so she knows it's a truck. She gets up from the couch, her body stiff, and shuffles towards the front window. Twitching the curtains to the side the slightest bit is enough to tell her. Yes. It's him.

She twists around and looks at the clock behind her. It's late. Where has the time gone? I must have been dozing off again. Dammit! He's been to the local bar after work.

Rushing to the kitchen, she gets a beer out of the refrigerator and scrambles to open the drawer where the opener is kept. Her hands tremble as she fits it into position over the bottle and uses it to lever the cap off. As the top flips over, she loses her hold on it, and it falls to the floor in the dark kitchen, rattling around on the tile.

She puts the bottle down on the counter and nearly cries when some of the beer foams up and comes out the top to spill over the edge.

"Find the cap! Find the cap! Where are you, dammit?" She moans, patting the floor desperately with her hand, nearly weeping with relief when her fingers finally make contact with its jagged metal edges.

The engine goes silent. A moment later the truck's door shuts with a muffled clunk.

"Shit, shit, shit!" she whispers, grabbing the dishtowel off the hook and hurriedly wiping the bottle and counter down. They cannot be wet, no matter what.

The sound of heavy footsteps on the front porch comes through the door.

She quickly hangs the towel on the hook, dropping the bottlecap into the trash on her way out of the kitchen. Positioning herself in the front hallway next to the picture, she takes a deep breath and lets it out as the lock turns and the door opens. Her entire body is trembling and sweat is coming from every pore.

The monster is home.

Chapter Four

IT'S THE LAST INNING AND the Marlins are at bat. Bases are loaded and their team is down by three runs. Liam looks up at his dad, his sad puppy-dog eyes saying everything Brian's thinking. "I guess it's just not our day today, Dad."

"Next game, buddy. Next game." Brian looks down the field at the batter standing at the plate with his bat back and his head tipped down. This guy hasn't hit a fly ball worth anything in three years. Game over.

"What if we never catch one, though?" asks Liam, no longer paying attention to the game. "What if we come to every single Marlins game there ever was and we still don't catch a ball?" He seems almost stressed about the idea.

"I don't know. I don't even think about that, because I know it's not going to happen." Brian pats his son on the leg. "I have faith, and my faith tells me if I'm patient enough and if I believe enough and want something bad enough, good things are going to happen. I'm going to get that ball. We're going to get it."

"And catching a fly ball is a good thing," says Liam, smiling once again, no longer stressed.

"Damn ... darn straight."

"Uh-oh. You said damn."

"Nah, I said damndarn, which technically isn't a swear word."

"Mom would say it is."

Brian frowns, feeling a little guilty. His ex-wife works so hard and she can't be around as much as she'd like. She'd hate to know that Liam's recently controlled potty-mouth is going downhill again. "Well, Mom's not here, so we'll just go with Dad's definition for right now. I won't say it again, I promise."

"Don't worry. I won't tell."

"You can tell. We don't keep secrets from Mom. She'll understand. We're at a game."

"And anything can happen at a game, right Dad?"

"Yep. That's the way it goes." He points out to the field. "Let's see if Wilson can hit a home run."

Liam snorts. "He hasn't hit a home run ever in his life, Dad. He's not going to hit one now."

Brian laughs. "How'd you know that?"

"I've been studying the stats book you gave me."

Brian nudges him as he watches the pitcher wind up. "I didn't know you knew how to read." He holds back a smile.

Liam nudges him back. "Stop teasing me. You know I can read. I read you the newspaper this morning. That article about what's-his-name."

"See, I told you you couldn't read."

Liam rolls his eyes. "Whatever."

The pitcher winds up and sends a curveball over the plate. The umpire signals a strike and Wilson steps back for a moment before getting into position again, the bat hovering over his right shoulder.

"He shoulda swung at that one," says Liam, shaking his head in disappointment.

Brian smiles at his son, amused at how he's copying something Brian knows he does all the time. Running commentary on the game is one of their favorite parts of the sport, and at six, Liam's already an expert.

"What do you think's coming next?" asks Brian.

"Fastball. I'll bet he swings at it too."

Brian pushes his hand into his glove. "I guess I'd better get ready, then."

Liam's eyes are glued on the batter. "Come on, Wilson. Hit that ball to my dad. We're ready for ya."

Brian wraps his right arm around his son's shoulders and rests the gloved hand in his lap. The end of another game, and they're going out with hope in their hearts. This is how life should always be - sitting by someone you love, enjoying the moment, waiting for something exciting to happen.

Wilson's bat comes around as the fast ball Liam predicted goes sailing towards the plate. It's the most perfectly-timed swing Wilson has ever made in his six-year career. The crack made by the bat meeting the ball echoes around the field, and he takes off running, dropping the bat on his way.

"Dad! It's a fly ball! It's a fly ball!" screams Liam, jumping up out of his seat.

Brian sees the ball coming into high left field, a tiny, white speck getting larger and larger as it gets closer.

"Fly ball! Coming our way!" yells someone nearby.

Brian puts his glove in the air. "I got it! I got it!"

"Get it, Dad! Get it!" Liam has a grip on his dad's leg that's pinching the hairs there.

Brian barely notices. His heart is beating so hard and so fast, he can feel it on the inside of his ribs. His breath comes in short, excited puffs. This is the moment they've been waiting for. The one he waited for with his dad that never came.

The ball keeps going, higher and higher. Up and over the wall it sails.

Brian puts one foot on the seat and stands up, stretching his arm as far as he can and throwing his gloved hand up into the air. The ball's too high. Too high!

And then his pocket catches the edge of the red-threaded white leather. The ball doesn't go in neatly like he'd always imagined it would. It falls down as he bobbles it, trying to keep it in the glove.

Hands reach out from all around him, trying to steal the ball.

Brian battles to keep it close to his body, prepared to hug the thing to death if he has to. This is his ball, his and Liam's.

He has it in his forearms for a brief moment, before it slips through. It would have dropped to the ground if a pair of hands right below Brian's elbows hadn't been there to stop its descent.

Brian comes back down to the ground, breathless, searching all over for the ball he almost had.

Liam is standing there with his hands out, a surprised look on his face and an almost brand-new baseball resting in his little fingers.

"You got it, Liam!" Brian yells, half excited, half incredulous.

"I got it, Dad!" screams Liam, sounding hysterical, looking scared to death.

Brian grabs his son and picks him up to hold him high. "My boy caught the ball!"

Fans around them are cheering and clapping. Liam's shining face is displayed on the jumbotron, and the announcer is saying something about the fan catching Wilson's only fly ball of his career.

Liam holds up his prize, his eyes glowing, his smile bigger than any he's ever worn before. Looking down at his dad, he leans over to hug his head. "I knew we could do it, Dad. I just knew it! Teamwork, right?"

Brian lowers him down a little so he can give him a bear hug. Squeezing the small boy to his chest and burying his face in his son's neck he responds. "You got it, Li-Li. That's the best kind of teamwork. I'm so proud of you."

"I'm proud of you too, Dad."

He puts Liam down, but the little boy is too excited to sit. He bounces around on the tips of his toes as he holds up the ball over his head and searches the field for Wilson. The crowd is too happy for him to complain about him blocking their view of the runners moving around the bases, each one of them tapping a foot on home plate to add another run to the scoreboard. The last few minutes of the game pass in a dream as the Marlins take the win and Wilson gets a standing ovation from the crowd as his teammates put him on their shoulders and parade him around the field.

"This is the best game ever of all time, Dad," says Liam, sliding his small hand into his father's larger one.

"You said it, buddy. You said it."

"I never want this minute to end." Liam looks up at his dad. "Do you?"

Brian shakes his head, wishing he could freeze time right here in this moment with his son. "Nope. I want it to always be like this."

Chapter Five

IT'S ALWAYS LIKE THIS. THE waiting. The nervous fear. The inevitable. Nicole wishes she could go to sleep and wake up a year or ten later. Skip all the parts in between. But that's not how her world works. Each day goes by with agonizing slowness, until this moment. The moment the monster pulls into the driveway and shuts off his engine. Then time moves forward with lightning speed, bringing him to the doorstep and through the front door where she's waiting in the hallway.

He steps inside and flicks on the light, not looking at her.

Nicole flinches at the brightness of it. Her eyes need a moment to adjust. By the time she's comfortable again, he's dropped his tool belt on the ground by the door and is advancing.

"How was your day, hon?" she asks.

He keeps coming.

"I have a beer for you. It's nice and cold."

He walks right past her like she doesn't exist. She'd worry she was a real ghost if he didn't actually bump into her a little, pushing her to the side. Ghosts can't be pushed around like people can.

She turns and follows him into the kitchen where another light is turned on. "Would you like me to put it into one of those cold glasses from the freezer?" she asks.

"Do you mean a beer mug?" he asks, opening up the freezer and pulling one out.

Her ears go red with worry and embarrassment. "Yes. One of those."

He walks over, still not looking at her, and takes the bottle from her hand. Pouring the beer into the frozen mug himself, he finally lifts his eyes briefly. There is no emotion there. His face is blank.

A spark of hope lights up Nicole's heart. The fire of his anger is banked for now. Maybe it'll last and she'll be able to sleep tonight. She looks at his face for the millionth time, wondering what people see when they look at him. Probably the same thing she used to see. Nicole remembers him being handsome with a strong jaw and an angular nose. Heavy brows and dark suntanned skin give him a swarthy look. Deep-set brown eyes only enhance the effect.

That's what she used to see. Now she only sees what's beneath the beautiful exterior ... the monster that lives inside his soul.

"Why didn't you put the beer in the mug in the first place?" he asks, setting the empty bottle down on the counter. He takes a big gulp from the glass, wiping the beer mustache off with the back of his hand when he's done. His hands are strong, thick, the knuckles scarred from his work and his hobby. His nostrils flare, but his anger is still hidden.

Nicole begins to tremble, but she fights the fear, hoping he won't notice. He hates it when she cowers. It antagonizes him, and that's the last thing she wants to do. "I thought last time ..."

He points at her with the mug, cutting her off. "See? That's the problem, Nikki. You're thinking again."

She says nothing. She just waits for the rest of it. There's always more.

He takes another long drink before continuing. "How many times have I told you that you shouldn't do something you're not qualified to do?"

Nicole wants to argue with him. To tell him she's more than qualified to think. To have an opinion. To make decisions. But she doesn't. Maybe he'll just drink and go to sleep and she'll have another few hours of peace. It's way more valuable to her than standing up for herself. She learned a long time ago that standing up for herself just puts her in the perfect position to be slapped down.

He shakes his head in disgust, laughing bitterly. "You make me sick, you know that? Like actually, physically ill."

Nicole presses her lips together to keep them from trembling.

"Have you seen yourself lately?"

Nicole shakes her head. "You told me not to." The words come out in almost a whisper.

He slams the mug down on the counter. "Come on." He grabs her roughly by the upper arm and drags her out of the kitchen.

"John, don't. I don't want to."

"Of course you don't want to," he snarls, "it's disgusting. But why should I have to be the only one who looks at it?" As he walks by the front hall table, he swipes the framed picture from the top of it and brings it along. "Fucking disgusting is what it is." He pushes her into the bathroom next to the foot of the stairs and flicks on the light.

Nicole is standing in front of a towel hung from its two corners on hooks embedded in the wall.

"Go ahead." He says, his tone taunting and cruel. "Take a look."

"I would rather not," she says, her voice amazingly calm considering how sick and scared she feels inside.

"No shit, you'd rather not. I'd rather not too, Nikki, believe me. Nothing would make me happier than never having to look at your f**king face for the rest of my life. But I'm stuck with you, now aren't I? Because we both know you can never get another guy to even look at you with a face like yours." He lets go of her arm and punches her in the back, his knuckles banging against her sharp shoulder blade. "Take a look."

He holds up the framed photo next to her head.

Nicole breathes out a sigh of defeat and leans forward, the pain in her shoulder throbbing with every beat of her pulse.

Unhooking the towel on one side of the mirror, she lets it fall. Before her now are two faces, one beautiful in a frame and one horrifically deformed not in a frame. The only thing similar between the two are the eyes.

"See?" He hisses out a breath and shakes his head. "Now that's what I call ugly as sin." He looks at the framed photo and then at her reflection. "Do you see what you've done to yourself? Do you see what you've done? It's a f**king shame, that's what it is. You're nothing but a waste of space. Always have been, always will be."

He puts the frame down on the counter and walks away, leaving her alone in the bathroom with her reflection staring back at her.

The ice-green eyes are the only thing left of her beauty. The rest has been taken. Beating by beating, week by week, year by year, who she used to be has been erased, leaving this monster behind. Medusa, maybe. So ugly, people would run screaming if she ever left the house. He's right about a couple of things; no man will ever look at her again without recoiling in disgust, and she deserves what she's gotten. Stupidity has a price, and in her case, it came very steep.

She reaches up and touches her nose with her fingers, gently, because it's still sore from its meeting with John's fist three days ago. She suffered that one for the job he lost when he showed up late to work for the fifth time in a week. The bones have been broken so many times and set in weird shapes that it's not really a nose anymore. It's hard to breathe through, collapsed on one side, permanently rounded and big on the other.

Her cheekbones don't match one another, one of them having been slammed into the coffee table several times a few months back. She lifts the thinned hair up on one side to reveal her left ear. It resembles a small head of cauliflower, misshapen, large, lumpy and permanently swollen. The other one isn't quite as bad. John is right-handed, so that side of her body is spared the worst of his anger.

Lips that have been split too many times to remember are scarred and swollen. The jaw that's been broken three times is no longer aligned, making chewing difficult. This explains her barely there frame and complete lack of muscle tone. Several of her teeth are gone, two are sharply chipped, and many of the ones remaining are loose. They'll be gone soon too. She looks like a professional fighter who's been in the ring a hundred rounds too many.

She lets her hair drop back into place and puts the towel on the hook, covering the mirror once again. Leaving the bathroom, she picks up the framed photo of the smiling stranger who used to be her and brings it along. Placing it on the table very carefully and positioning it exactly how he wants it, she thinks about her journey from there to here, from beauty queen to Medusa. If she had only known then what she knows now, she would have picked up the nearest weapon and beat John to death the minute she met him. Instead, she dated him, moved in with him, and then became his prisoner.

She looks forward to the day she can be in the yard sleeping next to Kitten in the dirt. It's her only escape; she's knows this like she knows tomorrow and the next day and the next, John will come home and take out his frustrations on her body and her mind.

Monsters like her do not make good girlfriends, sisters, daughters, or neighbors. Life for her is continuing, and yet, at the same time, it's already over. She's twenty-five, but she feels more like eighty. Shuffling down the hall, she goes to find John in the kitchen. It's always better to find him than to wait for him to find her. There's something about meeting her fate head on that makes her feel like she has just a touch of control left in her life.

Chapter Six

BRIAN NODS TO THE EMPTY, brass stand on his dresser. "Go ahead. Put it up on there."

"Maybe you should do it, Dad. You're the one who caught it first." Liam looks down into the pocket of the glove, staring for the hundredth time at the ball.

"Heck no. You caught it, not me. I just ticked it with the glove. The honor goes to the man who actually secured it. That's you."

Liam nods, all seriousness. "Okay, I'll do it. I have to put it on there so we can see the autograph, huh, Dad?"

"Yep. Make sure it's good and centered."

Liam takes the ball out of the glove and places it ever-so-carefully in the stand, turning it so the batter's signature will show. "That was cool how he signed it."

"Yep, sure was. He's a good sport." Brian stares at the ball and then his son's face. This is a moment he's dreamed of for a long time, but it's not going exactly as he imagined.

"What are you thinking, Dad?" asks Liam, frowning at his father's expression.

"Oh, I was just thinking how cool it is to have a son like you."

Liam smiles. "That's corny."

"I'm a corny guy, what can I say." He picks Liam up, even though he's really too big for that these days, his legs hanging down to Brian's knees. "I always thought seeing that ball up there would be the best part of my night, but I think I like looking at your face better."

Liam pushes his dad's cheeks together and smiles. "I like looking at your face too, even though it's too beardy."

Brian deliberately leans in and rubs his beard-stubbled face all over Liam's neck. "What's the matter? You don't like my beard?"

Liam giggles as he fights his father off. "No! No! Go away beard monster!"

Brian gives up battling the gangly kid and puts him on his feet. "Get your PJs on and brush your hairy teeth. I'll be there in a few minutes to tuck you in."

Liam stands in front of the dresser and stares at the ball. "Just one minute. I want to look at it some more."

Brian turns him around by the shoulders and points him to the door. "Out. You can look at it tomorrow. It's Saturday, remember?"

"Cool! No school!" He runs out of the room, the baseball temporarily forgotten in favor of the cartoons he's allowed to watch for two hours in the morning. "Sponge Bob Square Pants! Sponge Bob Square Pants!..." The rest of the song is lost in the sound of the sink going on and the door to the bathroom closing.

Brian pulls the ringing cell phone out of his back pocket. Seeing the number there, he relaxes. Perfect timing. "Hey."

"Hey, Brian. How're things going over there?" She's tired. Brian can tell by the sigh that follows her question.

"Well, we've been busy making dreams come true. No big deal." He can't keep his smile out of his voice.

"Don't tell me you caught a ball..."

"Yup, I caught a ball. Liam caught it, actually, but I'll let him tell you the story."

"Does that mean you won't be going to any more games now that you've realized your life dream?" She's mocking him but he doesn't take it personally. They both know the score when it comes to him and baseball.

"Don't even try it. Listen, when are you getting in again? Do you need a ride?"

"I should be in late tomorrow night. I'll come get Liam around nine in the morning Sunday. Thanks for the offer, but I have a ride."

"New boyfriend?" Brian asks, hoping the answer is yes.

"No. Agnes is picking me up."

"Agnes my neighbor, right?"

"Yep. The one and only."

"She's a lifesaver. But you should get your boyfriend to pick you up."

"I don't want to. Stop trying to question me while acting like you're not. If you want to know something just ask it."

"Fine. Do you have a boyfriend? Are you dating?"

"Why? Are you jealous?" She's joking. They both know that's not going to happen.

"Yeah right. No, I was just thinking that it's about time you stopped traveling all over the place for work and settled down a little."

She pauses before responding. "Are you trying to make me feel guilty, Brian? Don't you think I do enough of that to myself?"

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that way. I just meant ... never mind. No matter what I say now it's going to come out wrong. Better quit while I'm ahead."

"Don't tell me you've finally learned something about women."

"Divorce tends to make a big impression on me like that."

"Good. Better late than never. Your next wife can send me a thank you card, I guess."

"You okay?" Brian asks, sensing something in her voice beyond the playing around.

"Yeah." She sighs heavily. "I'm just ... frustrated I guess. I'm working my ass off, doing fine at work and all ... but I feel like something's missing. Like I'm not working for something valuable, you know?"

"You do corporate law. That's valuable."

"It's not the same as something like environmental law or divorce law or anything. What I do impacts people, but in such an abstract way it's pretty much not even there for me. Like, I don't get that warm fuzzy feeling that what I do means something to people, changes lives, that kind of thing. I wish I'd gone into another type of law."

"You could always switch." Brian knows where this is going. This is not the first time they've had this conversation, but he feels compelled to go through the motions with her. It's how she works things out in her own mind.

"And lose my spot at the firm? No thanks. Besides, I can always do that kind of thing in my off time."

"When you have off time, that is."

"Yeah," she says, her voice going soft again, "when I finally have some. Liam'll probably be twenty before that happens."

"No, come on. Don't talk like that. You're doing the best you can."

Her tone changes abruptly. "Listen, I have to go, Brian. Thanks for letting me moan about work again."

"Anytime. See you Sunday?"

"Yeah. Sunday at nine or so. Oh, and I'm taking a few days off, so I'll keep him with me until Wednesday. Give Li-Li a kiss for me, would ya?"

"Sure. He'll be psyched about the sleep-over. You want to talk to him?"

"I can't, I have to go. The team has been in meetings until midnight all week. It's nuts. Tell him to Skype me in the morning at breakfast."

"Will do. See you soon."

"Bye."

Brian hangs up the phone and walks down the hall to his son's bedroom. Liam is already under the covers, the Marlins' stat book propped up on his chest. Brian already knows what page Liam is reading before he bends over to check it out.

"They're going to have to change Wilson's stats," Liam says.

"Yep. Every game all the players' stats change just a little."

"But this is a big one," says Liam, reaching over to get a pen from his nightstand. He writes in the book. "There. It's changed." Closing the book, he puts it down on his bedside table along with the pen. "Tonight was the best ever." He smiles, revealing several grown-up teeth and a space where the next one is growing in.

"You're right. Best ever." Brian leans over and kisses his son on one cheek and then the other. "One from me and one from Mom." He sits up, tucking Liam's covers in around him. "She had to go to a meeting, but she says she wants you to Skype her in the morning. You're going to do a sleep-over from Sunday to Wednesday. She's going to take you to school and everything."

Liam grins from ear to ear. "Cool." Then is expression falls. "But what will you do? Won't you be lonely?"

Brian caresses his son's cheek. "Oh, I'll make it through all right. I'll invite Hank over for some pizza and television or something, maybe take a couple long bike rides."

"Good," says Liam, rolling over onto his side, his eyes falling closed. "Night, Daddy-o."

"Night, baby-o."

"I'm not a baby," Liam says, his words getting lost in a yawn.

"You'll always be my baby, Li-Li," Brian says, watching as his son drifts off to sleep in seconds.

He stays there for a minute or two, looking down at his son's angelic face. So perfect when they're asleep. Being a single dad to a kid like Liam is a lot of work, but he wouldn't change it for the world.

He leaves his son's room thinking about his life to date. He has his job restoring furniture, his boy, his house with the kick butt workshop, and a few close friends. What else does a guy need?

In the back of his mind he answers that having a woman to love and share his bed with would be a great addition, but he ignores that thought. When the right girl comes along he'll consider the idea; until then, he isn't in any hurry to find her. His life is full enough, and forcing things to happen had never worked out well for him in the past. He's convinced that destiny will connect him with the girl of his dreams - the beautiful, sexy, intelligent, strong woman he knows he's meant to be with. All he has to do is be patient, be a good dad, and wait for her to appear.

Chapter Seven

SHE'S SITTING UP ON THE couch when it happens. Unable to sleep in bed or even lying down on the couch from the pain, this is the only place where her eyes will close and the pain will recede for twenty minutes at a time or so. She's caught bits and pieces of sleep here and there throughout the night and morning. It's easier once John is gone, working most of this Saturday at a side job to make up for the one he lost last week.

One minute the room is silent but for the clock ticking, and the next, the boom of shattering glass startles her out of her nap and makes her feel for a moment that she's having a heart attack. The curtains that for some reason flew up, float gently back into place.

It takes her a moment to figure out what just happened. When something touches her toe, she looks down, leaning over with effort and wincing with the pain of her injured ribs.

She sees a ball. White with red laces. A baseball? What's a baseball doing in here? Then she puts it all together. Someone hit a ball through her window. Panic sets in. John is going to blame this on her. Even though she doesn't play baseball, she doesn't go outside, and she hasn't talked to a neighbor since she moved in three years ago, this will be her fault.

She stands, huffing through the pain with short, quick breaths. Shuffling over to the window, she peeks around the edge of the sheer drapes. There's a large hole in one of the panes of glass. On the carpet, big shards of it are mixed in with little pieces that twinkle in the light that seeps in under the curtains.

Her blood goes cold. Oh my god. What am I going to do?

It should be easy to manage; she knows this. It's just a broken window. In her old life she would have talked to the person who did it, called the glass company, and had someone out to fix it the same day. Maybe even called the insurance company to see if she had coverage. But that's not what she does now, and it's not even a consideration. Panic gets in the way of any rational thought process. She can't call a person to come over; they'll see her and then John will know they saw her and she'll pay. Besides ... she doesn't even have a phone.

The sound of footsteps moving fast up her front porch comes through the now open window pane and the doorbell rings, once and then many times, over and over. A small fist knocks on the door.

"Hello?! Is anyone home? Please! I need to get my baseball back!" It's a child and he sounds panicked. He's moaning and talking to himself now. It breaks her heart to think he might be worried about what he's done. He has nothing to fear from her or John. He would never touch a stranger like he touches her. He likes everyone, or so he lets them think.

She's so lost in thought that she doesn't realize the footsteps have started again but this time they're coming towards the front window, not the front door. "Will you please give me back my ball? I'm really sorry. My dad will be really mad at me if I don't bring his ball back. It's special. We caught it. It's a fly ball, not a regular one."

She jumps to the side, dropping the curtains and pressing her back against the wall next to the window. She's breathing heavily, panicking like a trapped animal.

He taps on the window. "I saw you in there. Are you hiding? Please can I have my ball?"

Realizing that he's not going to go away until the ball is back in his hands, she tiptoes over to the coffee table and bends over to get it. The pain is so sudden, it causes her to breathe in sharply. She stands upright again, immediately giving up on the idea of picking up the ball. From where she's standing, the boy's shadowed form is visible through the curtains. He's pressing his face up to the glass. She can hear him as clear as if he's standing right there in the room next to her, his voice coming through the broken pane.

"I'm really sorry. I'll pay you for the window. I have money in my piggy bank at home. Just don't tell my dad, okay? He'll be so mad at me."

Nicole swallows the tears that are coming. The idea that this boy might suffer at the hands of a man like she does is too much to bear. Not a child. Children could never do anything that wrong.

She moves closer to the ball and kicks it backwards, out from behind the table. Step by step, she uses her toes to maneuver it towards the front door. She can't bend over to pick it up, but she can kick the thing to the door. It's one of those rare occasions when it's not locked. John must have been in a hurry when he left. Giving this boy his ball back is the least she can do to ensure his safety. If she had a phone she'd even call the police for him.

The boy leaves the window and goes to the front door again, knocking once more. "Are you giving me my ball back? Are you in there?"

Nicole gets the ball onto the tile floor. It rolls this way and that, not cooperating with her plan to get it to the boy very well. "I'm coming," she says, her voice very rusty and almost unintelligible. "I'm coming," she says again, her eye on the door. He finally stops knocking.

She reaches the front door and stops, her hand hovering near the latch. The fear of touching it is almost enough to make her turn away and go back to the couch. Or maybe the kitchen where the little boy won't be able to see her shadow through any curtains. But she pushes through the pain, the thought of him being in trouble too urgent to ignore.

The latch moves slowly out of its catch as the handle mechanism turns. She opens the door a crack, just far enough to look through the space with one eye.

The little boy doesn't even wait for her to speak. "Thank you very much. I'm sorry about the window. I was trying to hit a fly ball and I messed up. It went really far but the wrong way. The really wrong way."

"Don't worry about it," she says, pushing the ball to the door with her toes. It's almost to the crack.

"Why are you whispering?" the boy asks. He drops the volume of his voice to match hers. "Is someone asleep in there?"

"No. It's just me." The ball is against the crack in the door but it won't go through. It's too big.

"Are you okay? Your voice sounds funny."

"I'm fine. Here's your ball." She opens the door just a bit more, intending to kick the ball through it. But the edge of the door pushes the ball away and it rolls back.

The boy must have seen it because he bends down and reaches in to go after it, his shoulder hitting the door and pushing it in farther.

Nicole wasn't expecting the handle to come towards her, so she's totally unprepared for it to bang into her sore ribs. Gasping with the pain, she backs up two steps and the door swings in even more.

The boy looks up to say something and stops, his mouth open and the words he was about to say unspoken.

The ball rolls down the grout between two tiles and makes its way slowly towards the kitchen. For a couple seconds, that's the only sound in the house.

Then the boy screams.

He scrambles back out of the doorway and onto the porch. Getting to his feet, his face pale, he stares for another moment at Nicole and then turns and runs.

Without saying another word, he flies down the stairs and across the front yard, soon disappearing around the corner two houses down on the other side of the street.

Tears well up in Nicole's eyes. He looked and sounded so sweet. He's just a little boy who wanted his baseball, and now he'll probably have nightmares for a month. She doesn't really know what she's crying about exactly, but it doesn't matter. What's done is done - her face, the ball, the window... Nothing she can do will change any of it. Maybe the tears are for the powerlessness that has become the sad, sorry theme of her life.

Closing the door most of the way, she looks over her shoulder. The ball has finally stopped at the entrance to the kitchen. She walks over to it slowly and uses her feet to kick it once again until it's at the entrance. Opening the door very carefully, she uses the bottom of her foot to push it over the threshold. It rolls just a foot and stops in the middle of the porch. She worries about leaving it there, knowing if John comes home he'll see it or maybe even trip over it. A small smile appears at that thought, but then goes away immediately as she thinks about what he'd do after he got up. No. I hope he doesn't trip. Seeing him go down would be fun, but then the aftermath wouldn't be at all.

She considers getting a broom to move the ball away from the doorway when a movement at the corner of the street catches her eye. The little boy is hiding next to some bushes in the neighbor's lawn.

Relief washes through her. She shuts the door and stands still behind it, waiting while breathing slowly and calmly. Minutes later, she hears the soft padding of sneaking feet on the steps, then shortly thereafter, the sound of them running away.

Opening the door a crack, she sees that the ball is gone and the little boy is streaking away. Down the sidewalk he goes and around the corner until he's out of sight, running like there's a monster from his worst nightmares chasing him.

She smiles sadly as she goes into the kitchen to get the garbage can. Maybe if she cleans up all the glass and removes all the obvious signs of the window breaking, John won't notice and she'll be spared giving an explanation. Even one night's delay is worth the effort, painful as it might be.

Chapter Eight

BRIAN'S READING THE LATEST SPORTS news online when Liam bursts into the side door and runs through the kitchen and into his room. He's going so fast, it's like the hounds of hell are at his heels. Brian frowns as he hears first one door opening, then another, and finally one slamming shut. His son is on a tear, and if Brian doesn't find out what's going on, there will probably be a mess to clean up later. Sometimes the little guy gets a bit too wild, although not as often as he used to. This is the first year that he's actually been calm and rational on a regular basis, enough to have a semi-adult conversation, but Brian's not naive enough to think that a six-year-old boy is going to be mature all the time. Breakdowns and cry-fests are still a regular part of the program.

Getting up from the kitchen stool, he closes his computer putting its operating system to sleep. He walks down the hallway towards the bedrooms, stopping at the end of the short corridor and looking from his own room to Liam's. The master bedroom door is open, and he could have sworn he closed it to keep the room cooler. The air conditioning vents don't treat all spaces equally and he hates sleeping in a hot room. Liam's door is closed.

Walking over to close his door, his eye catches the baseball on the stand on top of his dresser. It's off-kilter just the smallest bit, but it's enough to cause his heart to sink. I should have known it would be too tempting. His decision to keep the stand at a level Liam could reach seems foolhardy in hindsight.

Closing the door, he turns to walk the other direction. Down the hall a few paces puts him at Liam's door. He knocks softly, the sound of his son's weeping coming through the hollow-core door.

"Liam, can I come in?"

"No," comes his muffled response. "I need to be alone."

"I'd really like to come in and talk, son."

"No, Dad. Not right now. Later."

Brian sighs. Of course he could just open the door and force the conversation on his young son, but instead he decides to let Liam handle this on his own. At least for now. Liam needs to have the experience of battling his emotions and coming to terms with them without Brian babying him through the process. He's not sure who it's going to be harder for, though, Liam or him. He goes back to his bedroom and takes a closer look at the ball.

Picking it up, he can see that it's been hit more than that one time at the Marlins' ball field. There are two additional scuffs on the white leather and one of them is right on top of Wilson's autograph. Not that the ball's monetary value was the true measure of its worth for Brian, but he can't help thinking how it just went down significantly. Brian sighs and then shrugs. Damn kids. Always looking for trouble. The ball is no longer in pristine condition, but what the heck ... at least it has another memory attached to it he's sure they'll laugh about later.

As he's putting the ball back in the holder, he feels a sharp prick and yanks his hand back, dropping the ball on the ground. The first finger of his right hand has a pinprick of blood on it. Looking at it closer, Brian sees the tiniest sliver of glass sticking out of his skin.

"What the hell?" he says out loud into the room. Moving to the attached bathroom, he finds enough light enough to confirm there is, in fact, some glass stuck in his finger pad. He uses tweezers to take it out and then soaps his hand to make sure there will be no infection later. His job is all about hand-work and he can't afford to lose the ability to use his fingers.

He mulls over the situation as he finishes cleaning up. No wonder Liam's so miserable. Not only did he take the ball and play with it, it looks like he also put it through someone's window. Great. I wonder how much that's going to set me back in dollars and neighborly relations. They'd only been in the neighborhood for four months, his first bachelor pad since the divorce was finalized. Now he's going to have to bake some brownies or something to smooth over the ruffled feathers. He puts on a bandage and turns out the light, leaving his room for the kitchen.

If memory serves, there's a box of fudge brownie mix in the pantry and he has the eggs and oil he'll need to put it all together without having to grocery shop.

Chapter Nine

SHE JUMPS A LITTLE WHEN the front door slams shut.

"Honey, I'm home!" John says loudly, dropping his tool belt on the ground by the door with a loud bang. "Where are ya?"

"I'm in here," Nicole says, clearing her throat to get the frog out. Fear has her voice sounding strangled.

He comes into the living room with a big bouquet of flowers in his hand and a huge smile lighting up his face. "Got these for ya."

She smiles, her lips only trembling a little. "Thank you. They're really pretty."

"Don't you want to put them in water?" he asks, standing there in the entrance, waiting.

"Of course." She uses her hands on either side of her legs to push off the couch, smiling through the pain. "I have a vase in the kitchen."

"Did you have a good day today?" he asks her as they walk down the hall. He's behind her. She can't see him, but his voice is close. She hates having him at her back like this, always afraid he's going to attack when she's not looking.

"Yes, I did. How about you?" She wants to scream and shout and cry over the absolute joke of a conversation they're having, but that would just be asking for trouble. Maybe if she keeps playing along he won't notice the hole in the window.

"Great. It was a great day. I got another job, so I thought we'd celebrate."

"Oh, fun." She opens a cabinet and reaches up slowly, mindful of her ribs. Taking down the heavy vase, she holds it tightly to keep it from falling. Sometimes she's clumsy, and John hates it when she breaks things. He doesn't seem to mind breaking them himself, but she's not permitted the same latitude as he is.

She fills the vase with water and moves around the kitchen getting the things she'll need for the flowers, pretending she doesn't notice his intense gaze and the unspoken words behind his big smile.

He puts the flowers on the counter. "Roses. You like roses."

"Yes, they're pretty."

"I got you red and yellow. The lady at the store says they mean love and friendship."

Nicole nods, too angry to respond. Keep the smile going. Don't let it go. Think about something else. Think about ... think about ... She can't come up with a happy thought to help her push through the insanity. Everything reminds her of where she is right now and where she'll always be: right here, playing games with John as he sinks farther and farther into madness.

"Are you upset with me?" He moves in closer.

She focuses all her energy on not flinching away. It's always a trigger that sets him off. Her hands go still over the partially unwrapped flowers.

"I understand if you're a little upset," he continues. "I'm sorry, you know. I'm sorry I lost my temper."

"I know," she says, trying to see through the tears that are clouding her vision. She cannot look up at him, so she stares at the blood-red petals of the closest rose. So, so dark. Like real blood. Like my blood. I wonder if that's why he picked them.

"I lost that job and then I had too much to drink at the bar last night and then you just ... you know how you piss me off sometimes."

She nods, because she knows only too well.

He reaches up and rubs her back, kneading her shoulder when he gets there.

She wants to cry out with the pain it causes her as his hard, muscular hands move over the bruises and then grind them deeper into her skin, but she doesn't. Instead, she steps away, pretending that she needs something out of the drawer across the kitchen.

"Where are you going?" he asks.

"Just have to get these scissors," she says, taking them out of the drawer and holding them up as she walks back over.

Their eyes lock together. With every step she takes towards him, the vision becomes clearer. She could take these scissors and with one lucky shot, stab him in the heart and end it all. Who cares what would happen after? She might lose her freedom in society, but at least she'd be free of him.

A knowing smile comes over his face as he casually steps around to the other side of the kitchen island. "What do you need those for?" he asks, almost like a dare.

She stops in front of the flowers, letting the fantasy go. He's twice her size, eight times as strong, and she's the most unlucky person on the face of the earth. No way could she take him out with kitchen shears, and besides, she's no murderer. Much as she might fantasize about being the one to end her pain, she knows it will never happen that way. This is her lot in life and she just has to accept it. Hopefully, it will all be over soon anyway. She looks over to the kitchen window, staring through the glass at the tarp that's laid out on the ground back in the corner of the yard. Soon.

"Hello? Anybody in there?" he asks, laughing.

"Yeah. Sorry. I'm using the scissors to cut off the ends of the stalks. It helps them take up water better."

"Where'd you learn that?" he asks, staying away.

She kind of likes that he's a little afraid of her and her scissors. It perks her up just the tiniest bit. She holds up the first stem and clips it sharply from high up, letting the bottom part of it fall to the countertop. "I don't know. Internet maybe."

He frowns. "How are you going on the Internet? We don't have access here. Have you been out?"

She smiles, but not in a happy way. "It was a long time ago. You know I don't go out."

"Maybe you should," he says, a weird tone in his voice.

She stops what she's doing and stares at him, trying to read his expression. "Why would I want to do that?" She holds her breath as she waits for his response.

"Maybe you want to get away from me. Get yourself a new boyfriend."

Her excitement dwindles. This is a test. It's not the first one he's given and it won't be the last. She lets out a long breath as quietly as she can, finding her center and her courage, what little of it there is left. "No, I don't really think that's a good idea."

"Why not?" he asks, coming around the island.

She puts the scissors down so she won't be tempted to bury them in his neck. "Just because."

"That's not an answer," he says, reaching out and caressing her cheek.

She flinches just the smallest bit, but it's enough to make his nostrils flare. She moves back to be near his hand that's hovering in the air near her face.

"Sorry. I guess ... I'm just tired or something."

He frowns, his face the perfect expression of concern. "What's the matter? Didn't you sleep well?"

She has a split-second vision of herself screaming in his face that of course she didn't sleep well. It's impossible to sleep well with broken ribs, sitting up on a couch ... but then just as quickly as it appeared, it fades into nothingness. "No, not really."

"How about tonight you sleep upstairs with me?" He moves in closer and puts his arm around her waist, pulling her up against him.

She cries out with the pain.

He pushes her head down to his shoulder, patting her gently. "Shhhh, shhh ... it's okay. I've got you now."

Her blood runs cold. She knows what this sudden onslaught of affection means. She feels him go hard under his jeans.

"John, I really don't think I can do that," she says, her voice a strangled whisper.

"What do you mean? Don't be silly."

"I just ... I'm in too much pain."

His embrace goes tighter. "Well that's not really my fault is it?"

Yes! Of course it's your fault you monster! "I just ... maybe another time."

"You're my girlfriend. I think you've slept on the couch long enough, don't you? Maybe we can try to have a baby again. Just you and me and the baby. We could have a happy family, right? You always wanted a family."

Tears come now, flowing out like a waterfall. He knows exactly how to cut her without even lifting a finger. "Don't. Just don't." She says, struggling to get away.

He suddenly lets her go and she falls back a little. Wrapping her arms around her own waist, she stares at him, his face swimming before her eyes as the tears continue to flow.

"What's the matter with you now? I'm being nice, for God's sake!"

"I don't want you to be nice like that," Nicole says.

"Oh, you like it when I'm angry, is that it?"

She shakes her head, unable to answer. He's confusing her and turning everything around. He's so good at it and she's so not.

"You're a real piece of work, Nikki, you know that? I met you when you were wearing that black skirt. Remember it?"

How could she forget? He reminds her weekly.

"You were so cute. Your face ... God, your face! You were the most beautiful girl in the whole f**king city, you know? And now look at you." He gestures to her body. "You're a f**king mess. I can't take you anywhere."

The anger boils over inside her, the pain and the humiliation too much to bear any longer. "You did this to me! You did this to me, John!" Her eyes search desperately for an exit. Left, right ... but nowhere is safe. He can block any move she makes.

"I did this to you? What ... are you, insane?"

"No, I'm not insane! You're the one who's insane!" She's screaming loud enough for the neighbors to hear, but she doesn't care. She just doesn't care anymore. John talking about a baby is too much. He's gone too far. He knows better.

He moves forward swiftly, his finger out and pointing an inch from her face. "Don't you f**king raise your voice to me, bitch." He slaps her once when she doesn't immediately cower away, sending her head sharply to the left. Spittle flies from his mouth as he continues. "Now listen up, because I'm only going to say this once. You brought all this on yourself. You're not going to lay this shit on me, no way. I've had ten different girlfriends in my life, and I never laid a hand on any of 'em. That's all on you."

He gets closer, his hot breath heating up her face. "You're just a sick bitch. You like it or something. I've figured you out. You purposely say and do shit to piss me off. Look at this..." He gestures to the flowers. "I come home with my good news and those pretty flowers, and all you do is mouth off at me and give me shit. Way to go, Nikki! Way to ruin another good day." He pushes her away and she falls back, her head hitting the wall behind her and stopping her descent. "And on top of all that you're a f**king klutz. Is it my fault you can't stay on your damn feet for longer than two seconds? Fuck no." He pauses and then looks at her with utter hatred in his eyes. "You're pathetic."

He walks to the entrance of the kitchen and stops, looking back at her. "You're sleeping upstairs tonight. Might as well get up there now." He smirks angrily, lifting his chin a little. "Bring a f**king bag to put over your head, would ya? I don't want you making me go all limp-dick again with that face of yours."

He leaves her to crumple onto the floor, drowning in tears of agony and defeat.

Chapter Ten

IT'S ALMOST DINNER. BRIAN KNOCKS on Liam's door and opens it up when he gets no answer. His son is sound asleep on his bed, paths made by tears streaking through the fine layer of dirt visible on his cheeks. Brian sits on the edge of the bed, taking in the surroundings as he gently rubs his son's arm.

Toy Story posters share wall space with stick-on glow-in-the-dark stars and framed photographs of Liam and his mom and dad. Toy shelves hold baskets overflowing with action figures, stuffed animals, and plastic cars and trucks of every type. Brian considers that he and his wife may have overcompensated in the toy department to help assuage the guilt of the divorce, and decides right then that this might be a good opportunity to discuss thinning Liam's collection out a little. He'll tackle that issue after this one.

He shakes his son with more effort. "Liam, it's time to get up. I have dinner ready."

The little boy moans.

"Come on. I know you want to sleep, but if I don't get you up now, you'll be up at two a.m. getting me up and I can't have you doing that." He shakes Liam some more. "Come on, little man. I have your favorite ... mac-n-cheese with cut-up hotdogs inside." His ex-wife would kill him if she knew the amount of sodium and fillers he was about to let enter his son's system, but it was all for a good cause, so he let the guilt go. He had to get the kid talking.

Liam sits up slowly, his eyes still mostly closed. "'Roni cheese with hot doggies?"

Brian leans over and kisses his forehead. "Yeah. Roni cheese with doggies. You coming?"

Liam nods, bending his legs to get them around Brian and swinging them over the side of the bed. "I have to pee pee first."

"You go pee pee, wash your face and hands, and I'll meet you at the table. Don't make me wait though, or I might eat all those noodles without you."

"Don't you dare," says Liam, jumping to his feet and running to the bathroom.

Brian makes his way to the kitchen, trying to decide how to tackle the conversation he knows they need to have. He can't decide if he should play dumb and hope Liam confesses or bring it up first and demand answers. He wants to think the first course of action could work, but he's seen his son pretend not to be the one at fault enough times that he doesn't hold out a lot of hope that his boy will step up to the plate and do the right thing. Being six sometimes makes a kid's integrity a little on the weak side, but if he never lets Liam try to exercise it without prompting, Brian worries that it'll never turn into the strong force his son will need as a man.

He sits at the table opposite the small Spider Man plate and watches as his son walks into the small dining area and takes a seat. They both put their napkins in their laps in silence.

"What do you want to drink? Water or juice?"

"Water," Liam says, staring at his plate.

"Sure?" Brian holds the water pitcher over his son's glass.

Liam nods, so Brian fills the plastic cup halfway.

"Tell me when to stop," Brian says, scooping out a spoonful of their dinner and dropping it onto Liam's plate. "One plop?" Brian pauses before getting out another spoonful. Letting it drop to the plate, he says, "Two plops? Shall we go for three?"

Liam smiles shyly for a moment and then the smile disappears. "Two plops is good." He picks up his fork and stabs a slice of hot dog, putting it into his mouth with unhurried motions. He chews while staring at the noodles.

"I'm going to have four plops. This stuff is gonna be awesomesauce," Brian says, pretending to be very interested in serving the food. He's feeling really good about his son's reticence. The guilt of whatever he's done is eating him alive. This is a good sign.

Brian takes a big mouthful of the food, chewing it with relish. "Mmmm-mmm-mmmm, this is good. Man, oh, man, nothing like roni cheese and hot doggy dogs for dinner."

"Mom doesn't like it when I eat unhealthy like this. She says roni cheese and hot doggies is really bad for your klesterol levels." He takes another bite.

"Your mom is right. And usually I listen to every single thing she says and never do things she doesn't like, but tonight is an exception, and we're allowed to have exceptions once in a while, right?"

Liam shrugs and puts another hotdog slice on his fork. "I guess."

"Besides ... you're too young to worry about your cholesterol."

Liam finally looks up, a hint of laughter in his eyes. "You're not."

"What are you trying to say?" Brian asks, dropping his fork next to his plate, feigning outrage. "Are you saying I'm old?"

"Well you are. You're like really old."

Brian flexes his bicep, pointing to it with the opposite hand. "Does this look like the body of an old guy to you?"

"Hank has a body like that and he's super old."

Brian drops his arm. "True. But he was in the Navy and he works out."

"You work out."

"All right, all right, eat your noodles, smarty pants. I'm an old fart, I get it." Brian pretends to be defeated.

"I'm just kidding, Dad. You're not old. Mom's old, though."

Brian barks out a laugh before he can stop himself. "You'd better not let her hear you say that."

"She is, though. She has gray hair now." Liam is smiling again. Most of his earlier worries seem gone.

"You'd better watch it with that. You don't ever want to let a lady know you saw a gray hair on her head."

"But what if she's really old and she only has gray hair like Agnes. What do you do then?"

"You lie. You lie and lie and lie. If she asks you if her hair is gray, you say no, it's blond."

"But that's not nice to lie."

"Sometimes it's nice to fib a little. So that a person doesn't get her feelings hurt."

Liam thinks about this for a few seconds, his eyebrows drawn in with concentration. "So what you're saying is that if I want to not hurt someone's feelings, I should lie." He looks up at Brian with hope in his eyes.

Brian puts his fork down and loosely folds his hands in front of him. "No, not exactly. Lying is not nice. Your mom and I have told you that since you were a tiny baby."

"Tiny baby's can't understand that stuff, Dad." Liam rolls his eyes.

"Well, we told you anyway. We wanted you to learn right from the get-go that lying isn't right."

"Then why did you just tell me to lie to ladies?"

"I guess what I'm saying is there's a difference between a straight-out lie and a fib that you say to not hurt someone who you love."

"Like I love you. And mom."

"Right."

"So if there was something I could say that would hurt your feelings, I should lie about it?"

Brian blinks a few times to try and get his answer put together. He knows this is one of those landmark moments in his son's life. "No. You shouldn't lie to me. Whatever it is you have to say to me, you should just say it. I'll love you no matter what."

Liam's face turns down.

"What's the matter, Li-Li? Not what you wanted to hear?"

"Not really," Liam mumbles. "Can I go back to my room now?"

"Why would you want to do that? You've hardly eaten anything and I have a brownie for you for dessert."

Liam takes a deep breath and lets it out. "Well ... I feel like maybe I should punish myself and not have dessert for like a whole year or a week."

"Why's that? Did you do something wrong?" Brian draws his eyebrows together, trying to fake a look of deep concern. All he really wants to do is stand up and tap dance around the room. Not that he knows how to tap dance, but he'd give it a hell of a shot anyway. My boy has integrity! Woo hooo!

"Kind of."

"Why don't you tell me about it. Maybe we can work it out together."

"I don't want to tell you." Liam looks up, his face crumpling and tears lighting up his eyes.

Brian reaches over the table and holds his palm open. "Tell Daddy what happened, Li-Li. I promise, I won't get mad."

Liam jumps out of his seat and runs over to his father, throwing his arms around his waist. "I'm so sorry, Daddy. I'm so, so, so, so sorry!" His sobs cut off the rest of what he might have planned to say.

Brian lifts his son up and places him on his lap, putting his arms around his skinny body. "Don't cry, little man. We'll work it out. Tell me what happened."

"I didn't mean to! I promise, I didn't! I just wanted to try and hit the ball like Wilson did and then I was really good at it and then the ball went just like a rocket!"

"Where did this happen?"

"On the other street," Liam says, his voice calmer now, but still near the edge of hysteria. "I went over there so you wouldn't see me."

"What happened when you hit it?" asks Brian, rubbing his son's back.

"It went ... it went ..." He pushes his face deep into his father's chest, so deep that his next words are unintelligible.

"It went where?" Brian asks, forcing Liam away from him so he can detach the boy's face from his shirt.

Liam is looking down, unable to face his father. "It went into the monster's window," he says very softly. He looks up at Brian, his face a mask of fear. "There's a real, live monster living there and I never want to go back there as long as I live." The tears start anew and his sobs take over any ability he might have had to communicate. Brian takes him back into an embrace and pats his back.

"Don't worry about it, Li-Li. Daddy's not afraid of any old monster, don't you worry."

Chapter Eleven

SHE'S STILL ON THE FLOOR in the kitchen as the sun begins to set. John told her to go upstairs hours ago, but she doesn't have the strength to get up. It's not a physical thing; right now if the house caught on fire, she could move. It's mental paralysis that has her thinking the kitchen floor might be a good place to crash out on for the night. Maybe if she just stays here, he'll leave her alone. A girl can dream.

Her mind wanders through the corridors of her memories, to the day she met him. She was nineteen, starting her first semester of college, working at a coffee shop and waiting for the day her first real job would happen along, hopefully in three years when she finally had her bachelor's degree. Instead, John came along.

From the first time she saw him, she was star-struck. Oh, he was so handsome and his presence utterly commanding. He came into the shop every day for two weeks before he worked up the nerve to ask her out. She was flattered that such a good-looking, physically fit guy would want to be with her. Sure, she'd been pretty back then. Ever since she was fifteen, she'd gotten lots of attention from plenty of guys. But they always made her feel awkward and embarrassed with their compliments and stumbling efforts at love.

John was different. He brought her flowers, he wrote her poems, and he said all the right things, even though he was kind of shy himself. He wanted to protect her, to walk her home, to make sure she was taken care of. To a girl who'd been taking care of herself for the past couple years, that sounded all right to her. More than all right, it sounded like home.

Their love affair was passionate. They went from a date at the movies to moving in together within a month. Maybe if she'd taken more time and been more patient, she'd have recognized the signs and gotten out sooner. But by the time she was here in this house, it was too late. The first time he hit her was when she'd told him someone had flirted with her at work. He blamed it on the beers and bought her flowers after. For weeks he was the perfect gentleman. And then he hit her again. And again. And again...

The doorbell rings and startles her out of her reverie. The doorbell never rings at this house. John has a sign on the door that tells anyone approaching not to bother.

Nicole struggles to stand. Not that she'll answer it, but she knows John will flip his lid if he finds her on the floor. She has no idea if he's even still home. Looking at the clock she realizes she's slept some of the day away again. More lost time. Why can't I lose more of it? The bliss of unconsciousness is very alluring.

Whoever is standing outside on the porch, he's persistent. The doorbell goes off again, jangling Nicole's nerves. The pounding of John's feet coming down the stairs does nothing to stop the anxiety from building.

"I'm coming, I'm coming, keep your pants on," says John, unlocking the deadbolt with the key from his pocket.

Nicole moves closer to the kitchen entrance so she can hear what's going on just ten feet away.

"Hey!" says a stranger's voice as the door creaks open.

"Hey, what's up?" says John. "Can't you read the sign there, man?"

"Oh, yeah. Sorry about that. I know you don't want to be disturbed, but this is really important."

"My wife is sick, so we can't really have people over. What can I do for you?"

Nicole wants to scream that she's not his wife, that she's not sick. But she doesn't. She remains as still and silent as a person possibly can. Even though one step to her left would make her visible to the stranger, she doesn't take it. She's afraid of what they'll do when they see her, what John will do once he knows they've seen her, and what she'll want to do when she sees the horror on their faces. A tear slips out and rolls down her cheek.

"My son came over to apologize, actually. Go head, Liam."

Nicole's head starts pounding painfully. Her heart feels like it's going to explode in her chest and her face crumples with the effort of holding in the sobs. No, no, no, no noooo! Not the little boy! Not the window!

"I'm sorry, sir," says a tiny voice.

Tears flow from Nicole's eyes as if a floodgate in her skull has been opened. She can already sense John's anger. There's nothing that sets him off more than the idea of her having contact with the outside world.

"Sorry for what, little dude?" His voice is tight. Controlled.

"For breaking your window and scaring your wife."

John says nothing for five full seconds. Nicole counts them out, wondering what his face looks like, if he's showing these neighbors his insanity in his expression.

One ... two ... three ... four ... five ...

"What are you talking about? What window?"

"That one over there. I hit my ball through it today. I'm really sorry."

"Didn't you know?" asks the stranger, the boy's father apparently. "My son says he talked to your wife, or he saw her. She gave him back the ball."

John stumbles through his response. "Yeah ... uh ... sure ... she mentioned something, but I guess I wasn't paying attention. Did you say you talked to her?"

The little boy doesn't answer right away. The stranger speaks again, in a soft voice. "It's okay, Liam. Just tell him what happened. Remember what I said about integrity." Nicole's heart breaks with how kind and loving the man sounds. John used to pretend to have that voice.

A loud sniff precedes the confession. "I didn't really talk to her. I just asked her for my ball back and then took it and ran away."

"Did she give it to you? Did you see her?"

"Umm ... no, not really. She ... she ... she put it outside the door after I left, and I came back and got it."

John sounds relieved when he responds. Of course he does. Now he knows he's not going to be arrested. And I'm not going to be free. "Oh, okay. Well, thanks for coming by to tell me. High five, dude."

"We'll pay for the replacement. Just give me the bill and I'll take care of it," says the boy's father.

"Oh, you bet. Just give me your address and I'll send it over."

"Fifty-eight Lodi. Just one street over, the blue house."

"Gotcha. I'll put it in your box tomorrow, maybe, if I can get someone out here."

"Maybe your wife already took care of it," says the stranger. The tone of his voice is weird, like he's testing John or something. Nicole shakes off the sensation, knowing she's just imagining it. Strangers don't care about what happens behind closed doors, and John is very careful to be quiet with what he does. He can be so damn friendly when he wants to be.

"Nah ... her? She can barely tie her own shoelaces. Listen, thanks, man. Take care. I gotta go."

"Yeah, sure. Take care. Come on, Liam."

The door shuts and no sounds come to Nicole from the front of the house. She walks slowly backwards, trying to put as much distance between her and the front door as possible.

"Nicole."

His voice comes out of the darkening hallway. It's like a demon calling her to her grave, sending chills up her spine. In her mind flashes a vision of the tarp in the back yard.

She doesn't answer. Lowering herself quietly to the ground, she feigns sleep.

"Nicole, I know you can hear me. Come out here. Now."

She closes her eyes and tries to drift off into nothingness. Darkness, take me. Take me!

His voice is close to her face now. "Nicole, get off the f**king floor and come into the living room. I want to talk to you."

She turns her head and opens her eyes. "What?"

He grabs her by the upper arm and jerks her to her feet.

She cries out with the pain. "Please, John, don't."

"Shut up." Dragging her into the front room, he gestures to the window. The curtains are drawn closed so there's nothing to see. "When were you going to tell me about that, huh? Did you think I wouldn't notice?"

She's angry at how he talks to her, angry at the pain he's causing her, and angry at the pain she knows he's going to cause her, no matter how she reacts. What's the point in trying to get along? In trying to keep him happy when he'll never be happy with me? Something snaps inside her and makes her ignore every survival instinct that has kept her alive until now.

"Well, you didn't notice it now, did you, John? A great big hole right in the middle of the front window and you didn't notice it. Guess you're not as observant as you think you are."

He slaps her hard enough to knock her to the floor.

"Get up," he says, breathing like a bull, standing over her. "Get the f**k up, right now."

"No," she says, kicking out at him weakly. "Stay away from me." She realizes her mistake, but it's too late. She's too weak to fight him off and now he's more pissed than she's ever seen him.

He grabs her by the hair and lifts her to her feet.

She dances on her toes to try and minimize the pain. She feels some of her hair separating from her scalp.

"I know you're not talking to me like that," he growls in her face. He's keeping his voice down so no one will hear him out on the street.

"Shut up!" she screams, hoping someone will hear her. "Shut up, shut up, shut up!"

And that's when the real beating begins. She falls unconscious when her face hits the corner of the coffee table.

Chapter Twelve

"I DON'T LIKE THAT MAN," says Liam as they round the corner to their street.

"That's not very nice," says Brian in a low scolding tone, "why would you say something like that?" As a parent, he can't admit out loud that he felt the exact same way as soon as the guy started talking.

"Because he said that mean thing. And his face was not nice."

"What mean thing?"

"That his wife can't tie her own shoelaces. I can tie my shoelaces and I'm only six. She's a grown-up lady."

"I think she's really sick, honey. That's why he doesn't want people to ring the doorbell."

"She's not sick. She's really, really ugly, but she's not sick. I saw her."

Brian stops at their front door. "That's not very nice either, Liam. Not everyone is as pretty as your mom."

"No, Dad. You don't get it. She's not like a real person. She's like a monster. Very, very ugly and scary." Liam's eyes are as big as saucers. "I fibbed, Dad. I feel really bad again." His face crumples and tears track down his cheeks.

Brian crouches down and looks his son in the eye, resting his hands lightly on his upper arms. "Tell me."

"You told me not to lie, but when he asked me if I saw her, I fibbed a little."

"You told him you didn't see her."

Liam nods. "But I did. I did see her. I saw her and she was scary. I was going to tell him, but he was really mad and I didn't want to make him madder."

Brian nods slowly, drawing his son in for a hug. "I know what you mean. He was kind of intense."

"What does that mean?" Liam asks over his father's shoulder.

Brian kisses his son on the side of the head and then stands, guiding the boy inside. "It just means I think the guy has a lot on his mind taking care of his sick wife."

"I told you, she's not sick, Dad. She's just really ugly." Liam moves through the kitchen and down the hallway. "I'm going to get my board game out so we can play, okay?"

"Get your PJs on first!" Brian shouts at his son's retreating form, his mind on the neighbors. Everything Liam told him before their visit and all the things he's seen and heard since are really bugging him. Brian was fully prepared to accept the fact that a young guy was taking care of a terminally ill wife around the corner; it's tragic, but that kind of thing happens. But something about the guy seemed ... off. He sure didn't act like a loving spouse taking care of a dying girl. There was a mean streak there, as if he's one of those guys who gets in bar fights all the time, just for the fun of it.

"Are you ready to lose your shirt, Dad?" Liam asks, putting the board game down on the kitchen table. "Because I'm feeling lucky tonight."

"Yeah, I'm ready," Brian says, joining his son at the table. Try as he might, though, he cannot concentrate on the game and he does lose his shirt. Literally. Liam demands his father's t-shirt as his forfeit prize and uses it as his pajamas that night, leaving the Spider Man ones he'd put on earlier on the kitchen floor.

An hour later, Brian puts his son to bed and two hours after that falls asleep wondering about the ugly lady who lives around the corner. The one his son calls The Monster.

Chapter Thirteen

LIAM'S MOTHER REVERSES OUT OF the driveway, their young son strapped into the back seat and waving like a maniac out his window. "Bye, Dad! See ya later!"

"Bye, Li-Li! See ya Wednesday!"

"I'll bring him back before school on Wednesday," his ex-wife says. "I have early meetings."

"Sounds good," says Brian, still waving to his son. He waits until he's out of Liam's sight before he puts his hand down. It's nice to be alone for a few days, but he already feels the pangs of missing his child creeping in.

Standing in the driveway, Brian considers his next move. There's an antique armoire in his workshop that needs a final coat of stain and then some clear-coat to protect it. It took a week to repair and refinish, but he scheduled two. He could do something else if he wanted to...

The armoire can wait. The issue of the monster lady is weighing too heavily on his mind to let it go. Ignoring the warning bells going off in his head, he walks down the driveway and turns left to go down the street.

"What am I doing?" he mumbles under his breath. "The guy obviously doesn't like visitors." The fact that the guy also looks like a Bantam rooster spoiling for a fight is not making Brian's misgivings any fewer.

"Hey there, Brian. Going for a walk on this fine morning?" Agnes, his next-door neighbor is out trimming her bushes again. They don't need trimming; they're just a prop to give her a reason to be standing outside, waiting for passersby.

Brian waves. "Yep. Just getting some fresh air, I guess. Seemed like a good idea."

"Little Liam gone for the week?"

She must have seen him drive by. She sees everything that happens on this street. "Just for a few days. He'll be back on Wednesday." Brian keeps walking, although slower. If he stops, he'll be stuck there for an hour and probably end up in her kitchen having an iced tea. She's the nicest, most talkative neighbor he's ever had. He doesn't usually mind it; in fact, he's happy to indulge in a neighborly chat now and again - it's why he moved to this area - but today, he's on a mission and he doesn't have time for gossip or an hour-long discussion about the upcoming weather and whether Mrs. Grandston down the street will ever start recycling.

"Tell him to stop by and see me when he gets home," she says, poking her clippers vaguely in Brian's direction. "I bought some new cookies at the store, and I think he's going to like them. He's my official cookie taster."

"I'll tell him. He'll be really happy to hear that."

She waves with a gloved hand as he reaches the far side of her property line, and he waves back.

Maybe I should ask Agnes about the guy around the corner. Brian's not sure that Agnes knows anything beyond the business of those living on Lodi Street. She stays pretty close to home, taking care of her husband who's slowly going downhill with dementia. Brian's not looking forward to the day she'll have to put him in a nursing home. He has a feeling it will take the spark from her, and she's fun just the way she is, even if she is a little nosy.

He rounds the corner and the house comes into view. As he gets closer, he sees that the window is still broken, but now there's a piece of cardboard taped over it. The house is still, with no sign that anyone's home. The large black truck that was in the driveway last night isn't there. Maybe it's in the garage.

Brian walks up to the porch, taking the steps slowly as he looks around. He's not sure what he's searching for, but everything seems to be in order.

"What the hell am I doing here?" he whispers to himself. What am I going to say if that guy comes to the door again? I'll ask him for the bill, that's it. Tell him I want to pay right away. Be a good neighbor. Brian shakes his head at his ridiculous thoughts. He already told the guy to leave the bill in his mailbox. Showing up again and ringing the bell when the sign on it says not to feels almost like harassment. He looks at the sign again, reading the heavy scrawl.

DO NOT RING BELL. DO NOT KNOCK. WE DON'T TAKE VISITORS.

Brian frowns. He can't get past the feeling that it's just a weird thing to do, to put a sign up like that warning people away. It's like something he would have done as a kid on a clubhouse to keep other kids from discovering his secret hiding place. It's so ridiculous it almost begs people to discover whatever it is he's keeping inside.

Brian laughs nervously at himself. Don't be stupid. You're a grown man and so is he. This is his home. If you trespass he can shoot your stupid ass.

Brian steps back away from the door, prepared to leave and never come back. But then the sound of his son's voice and the vision of him standing on their own front porch the night before comes back to him. "She's not sick, Dad. She's just really ugly."

Brian doesn't want to see a really ugly woman. That's not what's motivating him to stand here on this porch and risk pissing off this neighbor. It's just that ... he's a math guy. Brian has always been strong with numbers, from the time he was Liam's age. He uses math every day with his work at restoring furniture, both in the actual hands-on stuff and the figuring he has to do later when he does his billing. Everything always has to add up in his world, and this situation with the monster lady? It isn't adding up.

Brian glances over at the cardboard covering the hole. Maybe I'll just take a look at the damage and make a call to a glass company myself. Then I can go get some cash out of the bank and be ready to pay the guy when he gives me the bill.

Brian takes a few tentative steps down the porch towards the front window. A car comes down the street and he freezes, waiting until it's a few doors away before continuing. Once in front of the window, he looks around the neighborhood. No one is outside, and he sees no faces in any other windows. These people need an Agnes.

Turning to look at the cardboard, he notices it's stuck to the still intact frame with duct tape. "That's going to be a problem when the sun melts that adhesive onto the PVC," he says out loud. He runs his finger along the edge, hoping he can find a loose spot so he can pry up the cardboard a little to see the actual damage. It's stuck on too tight, though.

His eyes roam up. A set of white, gauzy curtains are right in front of him, obscuring his view of the house's interior. This home has the same basic layout as his, so he knows there's a large living room of sorts on the other side of the glass. He wonders what the woman was doing when the ball came through her window. Was she sitting in the living room reading a book? Was she in the kitchen making cookies?

He blinks his eyes a few times as they adjust to looking through the white curtain. There's a couch in the center of the wall facing him with side chairs on its left and right, its dark, blurry contours getting clearer the longer he stares. A small coffee table rests in the middle of the conversation area. His eyes roam the walls, wondering what the pictures in the frames look like. It's too difficult to see. He steps back and stands straighter, embarrassed when he realizes he's being worse than Agnes, staring into people's houses like this.

It's then that something inside the house catches his eye. Brian stops moving for a moment as he focuses his attention on the dark shape on the floor. He steps closer to the window, going so far as to press his face up against the glass and cup his hands around his eyes, trying to see better. What is that? A rug on the floor? No. It's not a rug. It's too bulky. It looks like...

He bends down, a sense of urgency overtaking his good sense. He scratches desperately at the edge of the duct tape, finally getting a corner of it to peel away from the window frame. He draws it down, careful not to let it tear. Once it's free on one side, he grabs the cardboard and pushes it sideways, like opening the cover of the book.

What the hell am I doing? This is nuts... He ignores his own concerns, needing more than anything else right now to just confirm that what he thinks he's seeing on that floor is not what he's seeing.

The hole in the window is finally revealed, and it's big enough for his hand to fit through. Thank you, Liam. Never in his wildest dreams did he ever think he'd thank his son for breaking someone's window.

Brian reaches through and grabs the curtains on the other side, using both hands to pull the bottom of them out through the hole. As soon as he has the entire bottom seam through the broken window, he lifts it up and looks into the small space that's remaining. Now there are no curtains in the way and he can see into the living room as clear as if he were standing inside the house.

"Holy Mary mother of Jesus," he whispers. He raises his voice. "Ma'am ... Miss ... are you okay?"

There's what he assumes to be a woman lying on the floor in the middle of the room. All he can see is the back of her head and blood on her one exposed hand. "Ma'am! Are you okay?!"

No response.

"Fuck!" he yells, hurriedly shoving the curtain back through the hole and pushing the cardboard into place. He cuts the back of his hand on the glass, but he ignores the blood, the pain, and everything else as he struggles to get his cell phone out of his front pocket.

"Nine-one-one, what's your emergency?"

"Hello, this is Brian Jensen and I'm standing on the front porch of ...," he leans out and looks at the number on the front of the house near the door, "...thirty-two Fresno Street, and there's a woman inside her house who's passed out and there's blood. She needs an ambulance."

"Are you the homeowner, sir?"

"No, I'm a neighbor. Can you please send someone quick? I'm afraid she might be ... dead. I'm not sure. She's not moving."

"Can you check for a pulse?"

"No, I'm outside. But just wait a minute. I'm going in."

"Sir, is there anyone else at the home?"

"I don't think so."

"Hold the line while I call the house," the operator says.

Brian's at the front door when the woman comes back on the line. "They don't appear to have a home phone on record. Have you tried the doorbell?"

"No." Brian realizes how ridiculous it is that he hasn't bothered to do that first. Surely the guy who lives here needs to know his wife is passed out on the floor. She's obviously sick. Maybe she hit her head or something when she fell.

Brian rings the doorbell several times and bangs on the door with his fist. "Is anyone home?!" he yells.

No one answers.

"I don't think anyone's home but her," Brian says to the operator, breathing heavily in his panic. He tries the handle, but the door is locked. "I'm going to see if they have another open door somewhere."

"Sir, I don't recommend you break into the home."

"I hear ya, but I'm doing it anyway."

Brian runs around to the back and tries the door he finds there. It's locked up tight as well. "The back door's locked too. I'm going back to the front."

"The ambulance is on its way along with a police officer. Can you stay on scene until they arrive?"

"Of course."

"Do you want me to stay on the line with you?"

"No. Thanks for your help." Brian hangs up without waiting for a response.

Going back to the front, he scrambles to pull the cardboard off and the curtain through the hole again. He leaves blood on the curtains in his attempts to see inside.

"Ma'am, an ambulance is on its way, okay? Ma'am, can you hear me?"

He's about to look away when he sees her index finger move. It's just the slightest twitch, but he's sure he saw it. "I see you moving! I know you're alive! They're coming, okay! They're coming!"

A low moan comes from inside the house, from the woman.

Brian's breath catches in his throat as her hand moves again, this time to slide out across the carpet. It leaves a smear of blood behind.

She moans again, this time an agonizing sound that makes Brian's skin crawl.

"You're going to be okay. I called nine-one-one."

Her moaning turns into a strange keening, like a growl and a sob blended together into something almost animalistic. The sounds of a siren in the distance reach Brian's ears. He's frozen in place, holding up the curtains and peering inside, as her head slowly turns.

The ambulance pulls into the driveway as her face comes into view. Brian needs only one second to take in the sight of the horror before him before the blood in his veins goes cold and the words fall out of his mouth unbidden.

"Oh my god ... what happened to your face?"

Chapter Fourteen

ROCKING, ROCKING, ROCKING. HER BODY is rocking and it hurts. It hurts! She wants to scream it, to say it to someone who will make it stop, but she can't. There's something covering her face. John is finally doing it. He's suffocating her!

She fights to get him off, screaming with the searing pain that slices through her body. Her hands come into contact with tubing floating above her.

"Ma'am ... ma'am! I need you to calm down!" A stranger is yelling by her head.

"Give her some Midazolam. Just watch her respiration after. I've got her." Strong hands take her wrists and force them down to her sides.

She sobs. It hurts so much.

"Is she allergic to anything?"

A male voice that seems familiar answers. "I don't know."

"I thought you were related." The other voice is annoyed. A cold sensation moves up her arm from a spot on her hand. Moments later the need to struggle seems ... less. Her muscles go slack.

"We are related ... she's my sister. I don't know her medical history much, though."

"Did you know she was being abused? How long has it been since you've seen her?"

"Of course not. How do you know she was abused?"

"Classic signs. Worst case I've ever seen, though."

"Her face," the voice says. It's the tone laced with worry and concern that makes Nicole able to remember. A memory of his face flashes across her mind, clear as day. It's the boy's father. The one with the baseball. She doesn't know whether to be happy or sad about the fact that he's here with her. The pain and fear are too great. John will know. He'll come for her. He'll make her pay. She has to get back before he realizes she's gone...

"She's still struggling. Should I give her more?"

"No. She's maxed out and we don't know her history. I'll strap her down."

Strong arms and then restraints trap her arms to her sides. She gives up fighting; it hurts too much anyway. She cries instead.

"What's wrong with her face? And her ears?" asks the boy's father.

"You must not have seen her for a while," says the other voice, the one who's giving her the drugs, she thinks.

"No," the man says softly. The boy's father. He's so nice. She can tell. He's sad about her face, just like she is. She wishes she could tell him it's too late to be sad about it. What's done is done.

"Ma'am, can you hear me?" says the medical person. He's close to the side of her head. She can't see him because her eyes are swollen shut, but there's nothing wrong with her hearing in that ear.

She doesn't respond.

"She's out of it." The man sighs. "She might also be deaf from the beatings. So, yeah, the face thing. Pretty bad. And the ears? That's what you see when someone's been punched in the head way too many times. Her whole face ... I'll bet her whole body ... is covered in signs of previously broken bones. Whoever did this to her should be shot. I'll bet it's been happening for years. The cops are there at her house, though. Maybe they'll take care of that problem while we're at the hospital."

Someone takes her hand. Someone with bigger ones than hers. Warm. They envelope her scraped and bruised fingers.

"I need to get your sister's name," says the other voice, the third one in the space where they are. Nicole doesn't know if it's a room, a car, or a spaceship. The longer they go on and on, the less sense they're making to her. All she wants to do is sleep. Sleep, sleep, sleep. Darkness, take me with you...

"Her name is ... Briana. Briana Jensen."

Nicole falls into unconsciousness, wondering who the man with the warm hands is talking about.

Chapter Fifteen

BRIAN SITS AT THE SIDE of her bed, staring at her face. He's never seen anything like it in all his twenty-eight years of life. Now he knows why his son called her a monster. His heart breaks for her, and for the life of him, he can't let go of her hand. He has this idea that his touch is what's keeping her alive.

"Brian?" A nurse is standing in the doorway to the ICU room.

"Yeah?" He looks at her only briefly before going back to staring at his pretend-sister. Briana.

"The doctor would like to speak with you. Do you have a moment? I'm going to clean her up a little while you're in the consultation room."

Brian stands, loathe to let go of the girl's hand. "Can't he come in here?"

"He said he'd rather talk outside the room. He'll explain when you talk to him." Her voice is soft. Caring. Brian can't refuse her. He wants to know what the doctor has to say, anyway, and Briana hasn't woken up yet from whatever drugs they've given her.

"Okay." He very carefully slides his hand away from Briana's. He watches as she frowns. The slightest whimper comes from her lips and it breaks his heart all over again. "I'll be back in just a few minutes," he says. He takes her hand without thinking and kisses the back of it. Her expression smooths out, like she's just fallen back to sleep.

Leaving the room, his head is swimming with all the horrible things he's experienced in the last several hours. He hasn't had time to process any of it, and it's just sitting there like a nightmare he's trapped in and can't get out of. He pushes open the door the nurse pointed him to.

"Brian Jensen?" A man wearing a polo shirt and khaki pants holds out his hand. "I'm Doctor Bruce."

"Hi, Doctor Bruce, nice to meet you."

"Have a seat." The doctor gestures to one of the chairs around a small, round table. He takes the one on the opposite side. "I'd like to talk to you about your sister."

As Brian's sitting, the door opens and a woman walks in carrying a stack of folders. She's wearing a black and yellow pantsuit, reminding Brian of a giant bumblebee. The doctor looks up and nods at her.

"Mr. Jensen?" The bumblebee holds out her hand. "I'm Betty-Lou Grimble with the Family Outreach Domestic Violence Center. I'm a liaison here at the hospital for patients who come in as victims of domestic violence."

Brian stands and shakes her hand, pulling out a chair next to him for her to take.

"Thank you, that's very kind," she says, putting her folders down and sitting. She slides the top one over to Doctor Bruce and he puts it with the one he already has in front of him.

Brian sits and waits for them to speak. He's playing this by ear, knowing that it's probably a really bad thing to lie to the hospital about who he is and who the girl is, but in too deep now to stop. And he doesn't want to stop. He knows if they find out he's not related to her, they'll kick him out. Something about her makes him take this risk. Maybe it's because of his son's interaction with her or just because she's a broken human being needing a friend, but he can't just walk away. Now that he's seen her face and heard her cry, he could never just leave her behind. Not until he knows she's safe.

"We understand you're the one who called the ambulance," says the doctor.

Brian nods. "That's right. I went over to her house and saw her through the window. She was lying on the floor."

"She's your sister, right?" asks Betty-Lou. One of her eyebrows is up and she's definitely using a tone that says she's not quite sure she believes his story. She looks down at his hands.

Brian follows her gaze and sees the cut on his knuckle. He puts his palms flat on the table. "I restore furniture for a living. I don't hit women."

The doctor and Betty-Lou exchange glances.

"Where'd you cut yourself?" asks the doctor.

"On the window. That's how I found her. There was a hole in the front window of the house and I put my hand through it to pull the curtains out of the way and I cut my hand on the glass."

Doctor Bruce takes Brian's hand and pulls it closer, examining it. "It isn't from hitting anyone. The edges are too clean. And with the injuries to her face, I'd expect him to have more injuries on his knuckles."

"Seriously? You guys think I did that to her? You're nuts." Brian pulls his hands away and sits back. "I have a son. I'm a father to a six-year-old boy I've never even spanked. I would no sooner hit a woman than I'd hit ... the Pope."

Betty-Lou's eyes widen. "Are you catholic?"

"Yes. I was raised to be, anyway. Not that I'm the best catholic out there, but I still wouldn't hit the Pope."

She purses her lips before responding, looking like she's just bitten into a slice of lemon. "Good to know. I guess."

"Why did you call me in here? To accuse me of hurting her? Because if that's the case, you're wasting your time." Brian stands, but he's halted by the doctor waving his hands in a calming gesture.

"Sit, sit ... no one's accusing you of anything. The police were already out at the house and they say the place is owned by a guy named John Arnold. That's not you, I assume?"

"No. I already told all the nurses and the guys in the ambulance. I'm Brian Jensen." He reaches behind him and pulls his wallet out of his back pocket, putting it down on the table open so they can see his driver's license inside the plastic sleeve. "See? Brian Jensen."

"And our patient is your ... sister?" asks Doctor Bruce.

Brian looks from the social worker to the doctor, weighing his options.

"Because if you're not her brother, we can't share information with you," says the woman.

"And we'd have to ask you to leave her room as well," says the doctor.

They're staring at him intently. Everyone seems to be holding their breath.

Brian lets out a long sigh. "Then I guess it's a good thing I am her brother, huh?"

Both the doctor and the social worker smile.

"Good. That's good news," says Betty-Lou. "Because she's going to need someone to stand by her. Things are about to get ugly."

"Looks to me like they already are," Brian says, his heart squeezing a little at the memory of her face. He sits down, ready to listen again, now that he knows they're not accusing him of being the Devil incarnate.

"Let's discuss her injuries," says Doctor Bruce, flipping open a folder in front of him. He scratches his head absently as his eyes scan the page. "She has multiple contusions on her face, neck, back and hands. Bruising on ... well, almost every square inch of her body." He shakes his head, marking something on the page with a pen he takes from the table. "We haven't done a full body CT scan, but I'm willing to bet from what I've already seen that she has a history of broken bones from ankle to neck. We won't be doing any more tests until she's awake, but for now, let's just say that she's in really, really bad shape."

"Is she ... is she going to live?" Brian asks, his voice barely coming out.

"Yes. She had some swelling of her brain, but we've gotten that under control. But we need to keep a close eye on her until she's out of the woods, so that's why she's here in ICU. I think if all goes well, we'll be able to move her downstairs in a couple days."

"What about her face?" Brian asks. He knows his ex-wife would worry about that most of all. Women tie up so much of their self-worth into their looks. He's hoping Briana, or whoever she is, is the exception to this rule; otherwise, she won't want to live when she wakes up and looks in the mirror.

"The swelling around her eyes should go down in a couple days and the bruising will fade out after a couple weeks. But her nose, her jaw, her orbital bones ... those aren't going to change. Those are permanent."

Brian swallows with difficulty. "Permanent? What do you mean by permanent?"

The doctor looks at the social worker as she takes over the conversation.

"What you're looking at when you see Briana is the result of years of physical abuse. She's been someone's punching bag for a long time. The human face can only take so much. Maybe if she'd had medical treatment after her injuries it would be a different story, but my guess is, she's been kept inside that house without any doctor ever taking care of her."

"Betty-Lou is correct," says the doctor. "Her ears show signs of repeated blows to the side of the head, the same kind of injuries you'd see on a professional fighter who works without ear protection. Her nasal passages and sinuses are crushed. Her jaw has been broken and set itself in a misaligned fashion. Same with the orbital bone under her left eye."

"The hair will grow in, but her teeth? She's going to need dentures or some other kind of work, I don't know," says Betty-Lou. Her expression mirrors the sadness clouding Brian's heart.

"How could anyone do this to another person?" Brian says, the sorrow making his throat tight and his words come out rough. "Why didn't she just leave him?"

Betty-Lou frowns and shakes her head. Her voice belies her anger at the man who caused all this pain. "He's sick. That's the only explanation. We see it every day, but it doesn't make it any easier and it never makes sense to people like you and me. And why she didn't leave? It's a classic case of battered person syndrome. Fear. Helplessness. Maybe a type of hostage response. Ultimately, she got brainwashed. Men like whoever did this ... they're masters at it. They somehow convince women over time that the abuse is their fault, that they deserve it or bring it on themselves, that it's hopeless to try and leave because the batterer is like God almost - always able to find her, to know what she's doing, there to control her life. She gave up somewhere along the way out of a sense of survival. Maybe she tried to escape once and was returned, which would only prove to her that there was no escape. After a violent episode, the abusers apologize, they promise to change. These women fall in love with the men they want them to be, not the one they really are. They're hope-junkies. It could be all those reasons, just some of them, or others I haven't mentioned. No one knows the full explanation. Maybe someday she'll tell you herself."

"So you're saying she has to live like this? Look like this ... monster for the rest of her life? Always feel like she needs to be with him?" Tears spring to Brian's eyes out of pity for her. No woman should have to look at herself in the mirror and see that horror, the physical proof bringing back memories of all she's suffered. "Is she ever going to be able to have a normal life?"

The doctor frowns, thinking. "Psychologically speaking, she'll need counseling. Lots of it. And support from her family. As far as the physical aspects, she might have some luck with plastic surgery. It'll be extensive ... and expensive for sure. But I don't see any reason why she wouldn't be a candidate. I can give you a couple of referrals if you'd like."

"I'd appreciate that," says Brian, knowing that he's taking on a giant responsibility, maybe even on par with becoming a father, but unable to stop himself. He has no idea how he's going to keep up the charade of being her brother and take care of her beyond staying by her side while she's here in the hospital, but he'll be damned if he's going to walk away and leave her to the demon who tried to destroy her, body and soul.

Chapter Sixteen

NICOLE OPENS HER EYES SLOWLY, her vision adjusting bit by bit. The room is dim. She's in a bed, but it's not the one at home she used to share with John. A hospital bed? How did I get here? There's a chair next to her, and in it is a man. He's sleeping sitting up, his head tipped to the side and his mouth partially open.

For a moment she thinks it's John and her blood pressure spikes. But then she realizes the hair is all wrong. This man has blondish-brown hair, not black, and it's cut short almost military-style. John leaves his hair on the long side. This man is broad-shouldered but maybe not as much as John is. Thank God it's not John. His arms and legs are thick; he obviously works out. Nothing about him looks familiar, but something about him being there brings her peace.

She tries to clear her throat. The effort brings her pain.

The man's eyes open and his head straightens. When he notices her awake, he brightens and sits forward. "Hi," he says just barely above a whisper. "Listen, before anyone else comes in here, I need to tell you something. Can you hear me?"

She nods, curious what could be so urgent that he needs her to know it right now.

He casts furtive glances at the door like he expects someone to appear at any moment. "I told the doctors and nurses that you're my sister. Your name is Briana Jensen, okay? Briana Jensen. And mine's Brian Jensen. We're neighbors for real, but siblings here, okay?"

Nicole doesn't know what to say, and even if she did, it probably wouldn't make it past her throat anyway. It's swollen and she's confused. Why is he telling her this?

"Do you understand what I'm saying?"

She shakes her head no. The words are clear, but the meaning isn't. "I don't ... I can't ...," she whispers. It's all she can manage.

"I don't know if you remember, but my son hit his baseball through your window two days ago. Sunday I came back to talk to your husband and I found you on the floor in your living room very hurt."

"Did he ... did he ...?" She cannot get the words out and it's frustrating her beyond belief.

"Shhh, don't get stressed, okay? Your heart monitor will go all wacky and a nurse will come in. I'm not ready for them yet. I need you to understand. Your name is Briana Jensen right now and mine's Brian. We're brother and sister, okay?"

"John?" she finally says.

"Is he your husband?"

"Boyfriend," she whispers.

"He doesn't know you're here. I'm trying to protect you, okay? So we need to keep him away."

She doesn't know what to say to that. Her face crumples as the meaning behind his words settles in.

Brian gets nervous, standing partway out of his chair and holding up his hands. "Don't cry. Seriously, please don't cry. We're going to get you some help. I know he's been doing terrible things to you and that you think you need to go back to him, but you don't, okay? You don't have to go back there if you don't want to." He stands more fully and comes over to the bed, taking her hand in his. She looks down and sees tubes sticking out of the back of her skin. His hand is warm. She remembers a warm hand taking hers at some point while she was sleeping or semi-conscious. Was that him then too?

"You can decide later what you want to do, but for now, I hope you'll agree to be my sister." He's so earnest. His pretty blue eyes stare into hers and his dark eyelashes blink nervously.

"She's awake," exclaims a nurse from the doorway. She comes in and walks over to the other side of the bed. "How are you feeling, Briana? Can you hear me okay?"

Briana looks first to Brian. He nods reassuringly and squeezes her hand just a little.

Nicole doesn't know what to do or what to say. John is going to find her here, and if he realizes that she's been trying to hide from him under another name, he'll be furious. He'll kill her and maybe hurt this man too. Tears well up in her eyes.

"She's just hurting right now, and I think her throat is sore," says Brian, patting her hand awkwardly. "We talked before you came in. Her voice is ... messed up." He looks at Nicole again and nods rapidly.

She closes her eyes and lets out a long breath before just barely nodding. For now, this is all she can do. One day of pretending to be someone else isn't going to change anything. She knows the risk to Brian is slim compared to what John will want to do to her. Maybe later if she goes back without a fight, he'll leave Brian and his son alone. She can already picture the threat on John's lips, about what he'll do to people who care about her if she doesn't do what he says.

"I'm going to call the doctor and see what he wants to do. Are you okay here?" she asks Nicole. "Do you want some ice chips, maybe?"

Nicole nods, realizing for the first time how sticky the inside of her mouth is. It tastes awful. The nurse leaves as Nicole runs her tongue along her teeth, finding a loose one and a new sharp chip missing from another. Her lips tremble as the sadness rises up to overwhelm her. John has taken so much from her, and now this. Half-dead in a hospital room with her teeth falling out and who knows what else. Trying to lift her right arm to get it out from under the covers she discovers she's wearing a cast.

"My god," she whispers, looking at it. She wants to vomit.

"It's broken," says Brian. He lifts up a hand to rub his head. "I guess you know that, though, huh? That's what the cast is for." He hisses out a breath. "That was stupid. Of course you know what a cast is for. Gah, not that you've had one before. Or maybe you have. Shit. I'm an idiot. Ignore me." He stares at the ground.

She looks at him, a tear slipping down her cheek. He seems so uncomfortable. The poor guy can't even look at her. But who could blame him?

"You can go now," she says softly, eager to release him from the prison of standing by her side.

He looks up at her sharply, his brows drawn together. "Go? No way, I'm not going anywhere."

Now it's her turn to frown. "Your son..."

"My son is with his mom and he's fine. I'm staying here with you until you leave on your own two feet."

"John will come," she says.

"Not if I have anything to say about it." Brian lets her hand go and pulls the chair he was sitting in closer. Lowering himself into it, he maintains eye contact with her. "I have a plan, if you want to hear it."

Not sure what to say, Nicole just stares at him. His eyes are so bright blue, they remind her of pool water. When she used to go upstairs in John's house, she could see one of the neighbor's pools out the back window. It was such a bright azure, so inviting. She dreamed of going over and drowning herself in it many times, but then she'd look down at Kitten's spot in the yard and know that she couldn't. Then she'd be leaving Kitten behind and that never seemed right.

"I'm going to take that as a yes. So here's the deal ... John doesn't know you're here. He can't find you because you didn't get checked in under your real name. Since he's the one who hurt you, he's probably not going to go out of his way to try and locate you by calling the local hospitals and describing your injuries. He'll just wait for you to come home, right? I'm sure he'll just expect you to come back like you always probably do."

Nicole moves one shoulder in a shrug and then wishes she hadn't. The pain in her ribs and back is sharp.

"So you'll be here about a week or so. Maybe less. And then you'll come to my house instead."

Her eyes widen in alarm. "But ... we're neighbors."

"Yeah, but he doesn't know I'm with you or you're with me. And you'll be in my house with the blinds closed, so he'll never know you're there. If you want, I'll go find another place for us to stay in, I don't care."

She grits her teeth together, ignoring the loose one, trying to keep the scream inside. This makes no sense. She feels like she's being set up for an even bigger fall than just going straight home to John.

"I can see you're upset," he continues. "I get it. I mean, I kind of get it. I've been doing some research on this stuff. On ... you know ... women who are hurt by men they love. And I think right now you feel like your life is over and you just have to take whatever that jackass wants to give you, but you're wrong, okay? You're wrong about that." He takes her hand in his and strokes it gently. "I'll help you get on your feet. I'll help you heal. I'll even bring you to the plastic surgeon so they can fix the bones in your face."

She jerks her hand out of his, flinching when the IV needle under her skin is yanked sideways. "No. No surgery."

Brian takes her hand back. "Fine. No surgery. Whatever. You don't have to have it if you don't want to. But I can't let you go back to that house. I just can't."

"Why not?" she asks, her voice barely above a whisper. Her heart feels like there's an elephant stepping on it, crushing it down into a bloody pancake. This amazing man is a perfect stranger and he has nothing to do with her life, other than living down the street. Why is he here? Why does he care? Something akin to anger starts to fill her heart.

"Why not? Because. You're my sister." He gives her a crooked smile.

Seeing that grin light up his face, she cannot for the life of her be mad at him anymore. As quickly as it came, the anger disappears. Confusion takes its place.

"That makes no sense," she says finally.

"Life makes no sense, though, right? So why should we?"

She thinks about it for a few seconds, looking down at how he's touching her so gently. No one has touched her that way in a very long time. She's starved for affection, yet refuses to feel guilty or bad about it. The spark of fight left in her is glowing just slightly stronger now.

"That's true," she says, her voice sounding more normal. "Life is ... crazy."

"So let's just go with that, then. Let's be crazy. You be my pretend-sister, I'll be your neighbor disguised as a brother, and together, we'll figure this out."

If only it could be that simple. The tears threaten again. "But ... your son ... my face ..."

He pats her hand and stands. "Don't you worry about him. He's a great sport. I'll explain everything."

"I don't know how you're going to explain something like me to a young boy like your son."

"Leave that to me." He tilts his head as he looks in her eyes. "What's your real name, by the way?"

"Nicole."

"Nice to meet you, Nicole. Do you go by Nikki?"

The dark clouds move in swiftly. "No. Never call me that." She wants to scream again in frustration. John. He controlled every bit of her life, even how she was named. It never mattered what she wanted.

Brian reaches up and gently pushes some hair away from her face. "I won't. I promise, Briana."

"That's a really lame fake name," she says, trying to lighten the mood.

He smiles, almost sadly. "I guess I'm not very creative."

Before she can respond, two men and a woman are coming through the door, one of the men is in scrubs and the other is wearing a police uniform. The woman is carrying a clipboard and wearing a business suit. Nicole rests just a little easier as soon as she realizes none of them is John.

Chapter Seventeen

AFTER THE POLICE OFFICER TRIES to get Nicole to tell him what happened and she refuses, a doctor and nurse evaluate Nicole, giving her the news that she'll be moving to another floor and then going home soon after.

Brian has no time to discuss any of it with Nicole before they leave the room and a woman from the hospital billing department begins saying her bit. She's skinny and heavily made up, wearing a badge that says she's Joanne Jones. The smell of cigarette smoke hangs around her. She's all business from the moment she enters. With very little preamble, she launches into her you-have-bills-that-need-to-be paid lecture.

Nicole sits in the bed in shock. Halfway through the woman's spiel, she closes her eyes and falls asleep.

Brian speaks up. "She's on painkillers right now. She's probably not going to remember any of this."

"Well, she needs to know it, regardless. And I need a signature on several forms I have."

"She doesn't have insurance," says Brian, getting irritated with the woman. "And her arm is broken, so I don't think you're going to get her signature today."

"Well, that's going to be a problem. Care in the ICU is expensive." She taps her pen on the clipboard in her other arm. "She can sign with her other hand."

Brian can't help but snort at that. "Yeah, right. Once they take the needle out of it. Speaking of costs, care anywhere in this place is expensive. But you give a discount to cash payers, right?"

The woman's lips tighten. "We do what we can to make our care affordable."

Brian gestures to Nicole and speaks quietly. "She's been abused for a long time. Her injuries are extensive and they're going to take a lot of care."

"I realize that." The woman's voice and expression soften somewhat. "I've seen her chart. That doesn't change the fact that the care costs money."

"Don't you have a foundation or something that contributes to cases like this?"

"Nothing sponsored by the hospital, but there might be something out there in the community. That's up to you to find, though. I have nothing to do with that."

"So what do we do in the meantime?"

"You tell me how you're going to pay for the care she's already received. You're her brother, right?"

"Yes. How about if I come see you later in your office and we discuss the details then? I'm not sure this conversation is something she needs to hear right now. I'm worried it will interfere in her healing."

The woman nods once. "That's fine. Here's my card. You can come see me tomorrow. Just call first to make sure I'm in the office."

"Will do. And thanks. If you come across any services that could help, get the info for me, would you?"

"Yes. I will."

The woman leaves the room and Brian sits down, staring at Nicole. What's happened to her is so unfair. Feelings of protectiveness overwhelm him as he pictures the hospital just kicking her out because she doesn't have the money to pay for something that someone else did to her. That ass**le should pay. Brian's lips press into a thin line as he considers his options.

Stepping outside the room, he pulls out his cell phone, using the speed dial for his ex-wife.

"Hello, Brian, what's up?" she says as a greeting.

"Hey, Helen. Listen, I have a little situation here, and I wanted to get your input."

"Oh, yeah? Tell me."

"Well, it's kind of complicated. And big. Really big."

"Hmmm, now you have me intrigued." She pauses and then says away from the phone, "Liam, please ... go outside with that, would you? You're giving me a headache."

Brian smiles, knowing exactly what his son is doing and happy that Helen is the one dealing with it today. "First of all, I need to know if you can keep Liam for a few more days. Maybe a week."

"Whaaaat? Are you crazy? You know what my schedule's like."

"I know. You know I know, and that I wouldn't ask if it wasn't really, really important."

"Wow. Sounds major. You've never asked me to keep Liam longer. What ... did you meet the woman of your dreams or something? Gonna run off to Jamaica and get married?" She laughs at her own joke but then stops abruptly. "Seriously. Are you doing that? I probably shouldn't joke about it. If you are, congrats. I'm happy for you if she's nice. I'm pissed if she's not."

"No, don't be ridiculous. I don't even have a girlfriend. But it does involve a woman and ... it's just complicated."

She switches to her lawyer voice. "Well un-complicate it if you want my help. Tell me what's going on."

"Nutshell version ... one of our neighbors is in the hospital. She's been horribly beaten by her boyfriend. I'm here in the hospital with her for now, and then I'm going to bring her to my place to recuperate."

"Like hell you are!" Helen schools her voice and brings it down a notch. "You're not bringing some woman with a crazed abuser after her into my son's home. That's not going to happen."

"Helen, it's going to be fine. She lives on another street, and he'll never know she's here. We'll keep the blinds shut, and she won't go outside. It's only temporary. Besides, you know I'd never put Liam in harm's way. Don't be like that."

"I'm not being like anything. I'm being a mother, and I expect you to act like a father, not some ... superhero or whatever."

"I'm being a father. And a good person, which is what a father should be so his son learns how to be one too. What would you rather me do? Send her back home to get killed?"

"Of course not. Don't be ridiculous."

"Then where? She has nowhere to go, or she would have already been there. Helen, you have to see her. She's been turned into a monster."

"What the hell does that mean? Is she psychotic?"

"No, not at all. She seems very sweet. But she's been beaten over years. Her face ... it's just ... awful is the only way to describe it. Her face is awful. Deformed. Like, permanently."

Helen is silent for so long Brian wonders if she's still on the line. "Helen? Hello?"

"I'm here. I'm just thinking."

"Please, Helen? You know I never ask you for anything. I do everything you ask of me without complaint."

"I know, jerk. You don't need to remind me."

"Are you calling me a jerk because you're considering helping me out?"

"Just shut up and let me think for a minute, would you? Jesus. You're totally stressing me out over this, you know. Like I don't have enough crap at work to deal with ... I don't need this too." She sighs. "What to do, what to do, what to do..."

"I hear that tone in your voice. Better be careful. You're going to tire out the hamster." He battles to keep the grin out of his voice.

"Hamster? What hamster?"

"The one on the exercise wheel powering your brain." He can't help it; he laughs at his own teasing. She hates it when he defuses her anger with lame jokes. She always said a man as big and tough as he is shouldn't act goofy, but at the same time, she always laughed too. That was the one thing they always had in common and it hasn't changed; they both like to laugh.

She sighs heavily. "I'll call you back."

"Are you mad?"

"No. I'm frustrated with your superhero complex and wishing my life was a lot less complicated, but I'm not mad."

"I'm no superhero," says Brian, suddenly feeling sad.

"Tell that to the girl you're rescuing," Helen says, just before disconnecting the call.

Chapter Eighteen

NICOLE LOOKS AT BRIAN, STILL sitting in the chair next to her bed. The last day or so has passed in a haze of painkillers and conversations she only half-remembers. The woman asking her for money hasn't come back; that's the only bit of good news she's had lately. All the rest has her terrified, especially that police officer that's come back twice now trying to get her to confess to what happened. She continues to refuse, knowing it will lead John right to her.

Brian looks up from his Kindle. "Oh, you're awake. Good." He smiles big. "How're you feeling?"

"Better. A tiny bit better." She tries to smile back but her split lip is still too sore.

"Ready to go home?" he asks.

She has a near heart attack before he rushes to correct himself.

"I mean, are you ready to leave? To go to your new home?"

"No," she says, breathing easier, "I'm not ready for any of that."

He gives her a commiserating frown. "I know. But it's going to be okay. You just need to trust me."

"You've said that a few times." She picks at the covers on her leg, trying to move past the awkward moment.

"Yes, I guess I have. Sorry. Just tell me when I'm being annoying. I can't guarantee I'll stop, but I'll try."

"I don't even know you." She feels angry for some reason. He's being so nice. She's not used to nice.

"Do you need to?"

"Yes? I think? Don't I?"

"I'm a person, you're a person. We're both here in this world just trying to get by, be with people we care about, be good to others. I'm that guy. What else do you need to know for right now?"

"For right now?"

"Yeah. For the period of time it takes you to get back on your feet. What do you need to know, other than that?"

"I need to know who you are, what you do, about your background ... everything."

"Why?"

"Because! Because ..." She tries to think of all the reasons why, but she can't come up with anything. Tears come again. It seems she never runs out of the damn things.

Brian puts his Kindle down on the table and walks over to the bed, taking her hand. "You can know whatever you want about me. I'm an open book. Ask me anything you want."

"Where are you from?"

"I grew up in upstate New York, but I moved down here with my parents in high school. I've lived here ever since."

"What do you do for a living that makes it okay for you to be here all this time? Aren't you going to get fired?"

"No, I'm self-employed. I re-finish furniture and antiques. I have a workshop at my house and a storage facility for bigger things not far away from my house. I have all the time in the world that I need to be here, so don't worry about that."

"Where are your parents now?"

"Dead. As of three years ago. They went within two weeks of each other."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. They were happy and they died that way. No regrets."

"Are you married?"

"Nope. I was. Now I'm not."

"Where is your ex-wife?"

"She's in town, about fifteen minutes from my place. She's got our son right now. Normally he lives with me. She travels a lot for work, but she's going to keep him for a few more days for me while I get you settled."

"What if I don't want to get settled?" She feels mutinous right now. Like she needs to challenge him.

"Then tell me where you want to go, and I'll bring you there. Anywhere but where you came from."

She looks away, staring at the wall. "I need to go back."

"Bullshit." He reaches up and puts a single finger on her chin, guiding her face back and forcing her to look into his eyes. "You are not going back there. I don't care what you say or what bogus bullshit poor-me excuse you try to come up with, I'm not letting you go back. So, get that crap out of your head right now. Banish it. Forever. Gone."

"You're not my keeper," she says as angry, frustrated, and sadly hopeful tears pour down her face.

He wipes them away, first on one side of her face and then the other. "You are your own keeper, Nicole. I'm just your protector. I can't let you go back to him. He'll kill you next time, you know that, don't you?"

She tries to look away, but he won't let her.

"He might," she concedes. "But I still have to go."

"Why?" He looks really sad, and it makes her heart hurt to see it.

"Because. He'll just find me anyway. He always does. And if he finds me at your house, he could hurt you. Or your son."

"He won't find us, and if he tries to lay a finger on any one of the three of us, I'll beat him to a pulp and put him in jail for the rest of his life."

The spark of hope that has stayed alive deep inside her springs up into a tiny flame. "Why would you do that for me? I'm just a woman with a destroyed face and body and nowhere to go." The sob leaps from her throat and shakes her whole body.

He leans in and pulls her torso forward gently, enveloping her in a hug. "No, you're not. You're a girl who fell in love with the wrong guy. Your face doesn't matter, it's your heart that's important. And if you can love a guy like that, then I know it has to be twice the size of a normal one. Besides ... you do have somewhere to go. You're going to my place."

"Because I'm your sister," she says, feeling like she's almost ready to surrender. She has nothing to lose except herself, and right now that seems hardly worth much to fight over.

"Yeah. Because you're my sister for now." He puts her back down on the bed, smoothing her hair away from her face and smiling. "Please say you'll do it. I promise to keep my hands to myself."

She snorts sadly. "That's not a hard promise to keep around me, considering what I look like."

"Don't say that about yourself." Brian goes back to holding her hand. It's barely been without his warmth since she entered the hospital. "Beauty comes from inside, not out."

"Is your ex-wife pretty?"

"Yes. She's beautiful."

"Then I'm not sure I believe what you're saying, but I appreciate the effort and the thought." It makes her sad to think that her life with a man is over, but she's not stupid enough to think that any man could love who she is now. She has nothing to offer. No pride, no beauty, no accomplishments ... nothing.

"A pretty face brings people to you, sure," he agrees. "But it's the personality and what's inside that keeps them there. Personally, if I had to choose between a pretty face and a great personality, I'd choose the personality."

She looks at him, taking in his ruggedly handsome face, his soft blue eyes, and his muscular frame. Sighing, she says, "I guess that means your personality isn't worth a hoot."

He barks out a laugh and leans in to kiss her cheek, making her go all warm inside. She can't remember the last time a man kissed her with such tenderness. Maybe never.

"That's hilarious. I'll take that compliment, thank you very much." Brian's grin lights up his whole face.

"Who's Briana?" Nicole asks, suddenly feeling the immensity of her life. In this moment, everything she ever knew about herself and the world is being turned upside down. The only question she has left is, Why? Why is this man helping me of all people?

His smile disappears. He has to clear his throat before he can answer. "Briana was my twin sister."

"Where is she now?" Nicole asks very softly, sensing the answer will be difficult for them both.

"She died a while back."

"I'm sorry," she says.

Brian lifts her hand and kisses the back of it. "So am I."

Chapter Nineteen

BRIAN'S CELL STARTS BUZZING IN his pocket. When he sees who it is, he steps outside the hospital room to take the call.

"Hey, Helen. What's the deal?"

"Wow, let's just jump right into the conversation why don't we?"

"Sorry. I'm just anxious. I really need your help."

"Yeah. I get that. Anyway, I'm cool with keeping Liam through this coming weekend. I need to bring him back Sunday night, though, because I'm leaving for Denver on Monday morning."

"That'll work. She's getting out Friday. That'll give us a couple days to settle in."

"Why is she getting discharged so soon? She must not have been hurt that bad."

"Actually her injuries are pretty terrible, but she doesn't have insurance."

Helen hisses out an angry breath. "Now, that just pisses me off. Are they actually kicking her out?"

"Not exactly. But I've talked to the billing department, and it's just better if she can do some of her rehab outside their facility. Her bill is already more money than she'll probably ever make in a lifetime."

"She'll have to declare bankruptcy."

"Maybe. We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. Do you need to go by the house to get more clothes for Liam?"

"No. I took him shopping. He's all hooked up with plenty of tacky Spiderman-wear."

"Good. You'll be the favorite parent for the next month."

"Ha. Who are you kidding? I'm the favorite parent all the time."

Brian doesn't argue the point because he hopes it's true. Both Liam and Helen need that closeness emotionally since they can't always be together physically. Brian knows he's the lucky one, favorite parent title or not; he gets to tuck Liam in most nights and see him first thing in the morning with his hair sticking out all over the place. Those are the times when he's an absolute angel who can do no wrong. It's later on in the day when he starts hitting autographed baseballs through neighbors' windows that Brian's perspective changes on that a little.

"Whatever," says Brian. "Would you do me a favor and warn him that someone's at the house? But don't tell him who it is."

"Why not?" Helen asks. "Maybe preparing him for her injuries is a better idea."

Brian sighs, not looking forward to this part of the conversation. "Because. He's already seen her once, and it wasn't pleasant."

"How's that? And why am I just hearing about this now?"

"Because it's kind of a long story I'd rather tell you in person. But I guess I can't wait that long since you should know now and I don't want you to bring him here to discuss it."

"So talk. Spill it, bud. I have things to do."

"Hot date?"

"Yeah. With a six-year-old."

"Remember the other night when we went to the Marlins' game and caught that ball?"

"How could I forget? I'm still suffering hearing loss from the good news phone call."

"Well, the trouble-maker decided he wanted to try and hit like Wilson, so he snuck the ball outside and went one street over to take a couple swings where I wouldn't see him."

"Don't tell me..."

"Yeah. He hit the ball through her window. And when he went to get it, he caught a glimpse of her and freaked out. He ran all the way home and wouldn't come out of his room for hours."

"I don't get it. Was she all beat up then? Why wasn't she in the hospital already?"

"No. Yes. Well, kind of."

"Which is it?"

"Like I said before, she's been beat up many times. It's permanently disfigured her. That's what Liam saw."

"And she got beat up after that again?"

"Yes. Apparently. The day Liam hit the ball through her window, I went over there later to apologize and offer to pay for it. We met her boyfriend. Something about him seemed off, and then Liam was really bothered by something he said about Nicole. That's her name, by the way. But we're calling her Briana."

There's a hesitation before Helen speaks again. "Why are you calling her your sister's name?"

"Don't say it like that. It's nothing weird. I just needed to keep her hidden."

"Oh. Okay, that makes sense."

"Anyway, I couldn't let it go. I had to go back and make sure everything was cool. So Monday after you took Liam, I went over to talk to whoever was home. When I was checking out the hole in the window I saw her on the floor."

"Holy shit."

"Yeah. It was bad. I think he beat the crap out of her the night before, after we left, and just left her there on the floor all night."

Helen is silent for a few seconds, and when she speaks, there are tears in her voice. "That's the most horrible thing I think I've ever heard."

"I've been doing a lot of research, Helen. This shit happens to women all over the place."

"I know it does, but not to people we know." She sniffs loudly, and clears her throat.

"You'd be surprised. Anyway, she's probably going to think she has to go back to him, so my goal is to at least get her to realize she doesn't have to do that, that she has other options."

"How are you going to do that?"

"By showing her. By being patient. By being a friend and giving her a place to stay."

"Do you like her?"

Brian hesitates before answering. "Uh, yeah, I guess. She seems nice. Scared and pretty much shattered, but nice. And she's smart. I can tell by the way she talks."

"I mean, like her. As in being attracted to her."

"No, don't be silly. I mean, she's totally broken, Hel. Liam will tell you. He calls her a monster."

"But that wouldn't matter to you, Brian. I know you. You've always been about beauty only being skin deep."

"I don't even really know her. Let's not even go there, okay? She's just a girl who needs some help, and I'm just a human being willing to help, all right?" He says all this because it makes complete sense, but there's something special about Nicole that he can't ignore. Yes, he likes her. Why? He has no idea, really. But naming her after his deceased twin sister isn't just a simple accident. He doesn't analyze it any further than that.

"Okay, fine. I just know you. You don't get involved and go halfway. That's just not your style, so I hope you're prepared for that. Sounds like you're taking on a lot of baggage to me..."

"Whatever. Is there anything else you need? I should probably get back into the room."

"Are you sleeping there at the hospital? What about work?"

"Yeah. I haven't left except to get food from the cafeteria. Work is fine. I have a break in the schedule right now."

"Ew. Smell much?"

"Hank brought me some clothes and shaving stuff, and there's a shower in her room. I don't stink. Much."

She laughs, her earlier sadness no longer in evidence. "I'm happy to bring you stuff if you need it."

"No, I'm good, but thanks."

"Okay, I'm outta here."

"Wait. Helen?"

"Yeah?"

"Remind me why we're divorced?"

"Because we can't stand to be around each other for longer than a few hours at a time? You're a homebody and I'm a traveler? You like country and I like rock-n-roll?"

"I like rock-n-roll."

"Whatever. You know what I mean."

He smiles, feeling the warmth of their friendship fill his soul. "Yeah, I know what you mean. I'll talk to you later."

He hangs up the phone and goes back into the room, happy to see his charge awake, sitting up, and smiling.

Chapter Twenty

NICOLE WAITS UNTIL HE'S SEATED before she speaks.

"I've been thinking about what you said."

"Oh yeah? Which thing? I've been pretty much carrying the conversation around here for days. A couple times I even caught myself talking to your IV bag."

She tries hard not to smile, but ends up doing it anyway, ignoring the pain in her mouth. "Stop being charming. I'm being serious."

"Oooh, charming. I like that. What if I can't help it?" He grins, obviously very happy with himself.

"Try."

He puts on a mock serious face. "Okay. Here we go. Charming switch in the off position."

"That's better." She suddenly feels shy, embarrassed. Having his full, non-smiling attention is sending butterflies into her stomach to have a dance party. "Anyway, now that I'm getting kicked out of here and stuff, I was thinking that maybe ... maybe ... I could stay with you for just a few days until I'm able to get around on my own. Like two days. Or three, max." Time to heal without John around to make things worse sounds like a dream, but it's one she can't let go of. Not yet.

"Sure. Or you could just stay until you find somewhere safe to go. However long that takes."

"I'm sure it won't be longer than three days."

He shrugs. "Fine. Three days, then."

She frowns. "Why are you being so cool about it?" Her suspicions take over, making her go from feeling carefree and silly to very uneasy.

"Cool? What do you mean?"

"Why aren't you arguing for me to stay longer?"

"Do you want me to argue with you about it?" He shrugs. "If you want to stay longer, stay longer."

She slaps her hand down on the sheets next to her. "No! I just want you to do what comes natural!"

He smiles. "Okay, then."

It's really hard to stay mad at him when he smiles like that. "Okay then, what?"

"Okay then, I'll act natural. This is me, acting natural." He opens up his arms wide and leans back in his chair.

"You're pissing me off and confusing me, I hope you know that."

"You and Helen will have lots to talk about."

That isn't the response she'd been expecting. "Who's Helen?"

"She's my ex-wife. I just got off the phone with her. She's on board with you being at the house."

"Does she live there?"

"No, but our son does, so I involved her in the decision-making process."

"That's very ... fair of you. And nice." He can't possibly be for real. There's a catch here somewhere, she just has to keep digging until she finds it. She almost feels like she won't be able to relax or trust him until she discovers something awful about him. So far, no such luck.

"That's because I'm a fair and nice guy."

"And ... silly." This whole joking around thing is foreign to her. It's been too long since laughter and silliness has been a part of her life; it just feels foreign. Uncomfortable, but not totally awful. In a weird way, it feels risky to laugh and enjoy the moment so easily. She's waiting for the other foot to drop. Like for John to burst through the door and drag her out by her hair.

Brian puts his hands over his face and talks through his fingers. "Oh, man ... you've figured me out." He drops his arms into his lap. "Total cold shower, right? Silly men aren't sexy. Helen tells me that all the time."

Nicole wants to answer that she and Helen disagree very strongly on that point, but she says nothing of the sort. "When am I leaving? Did they tell you?"

"Friday. You ready?"

"I'm ready right now." She holds up the hand with the IV in it. "As soon as they unhook me, I'm stealing a wheelchair and wheeling myself right out the front door."

Brian shrugs. "I'll steal it for you if you want."

A devilish gleam comes into her eyes and she feels like singing with happiness. A kind of delirium takes over. "Do it."

He looks at her and then the door. Suddenly he's nervous. "I'm not so sure that's a good idea. The doc said he wants to keep an eye on you for another day or so."

"Screw him. I've lived through this stuff a hundred times. I don't need to be here. Besides, what's it costing me? Ten grand a day?"

"More, actually."

"Fine. Let's do this." Nicole grabs at her the tubes, trying to pull the tape off the needle embedded in her hand, the arm in the cast a serious impediment to coordinated movement. She suddenly has a very desperate need to be out of this bed and out of this place. Get it out! Get it out of me!

Brian stands up and comes over to the side of her bed, taking hold of her hands and halting her frantic movements.

"Nicole, look at me."

"My name's Briana, remember?" she says, kicking the covers off, ignoring the pain it causes her ribs.

"Nicole," he says more firmly. "Look at me, please."

She ceases her struggles with the sheets and looks at him, her heart pounding and sweat pouring out of her. Is he going to hit her now? Is this where the real Brian comes out to introduce himself? She cringes as she waits for the pain.

"I think we should wait," he says. His muscles are not bunching up in preparation for delivering a punch, and his face doesn't look angry. It looks ... sad.

"I need to get out of here," she says, panic warring with confusion. Nothing makes sense anymore ... this place, him, what's happening to her with her thoughts being so disjointed, the fact that she feels safe with him and yet is absolutely sure he's going to hurt her.

"Why do we need to go right this second? Just tell me why first."

"Because!" She slaps at his hands, trying to get him away. "What if he finds me! What if he's right down the hall!"

Brian takes a step back with his hands up in surrender, talking calmly. "Then we'll need a disguise, right? You can't just walk out of the hospital as Nicole. You have to leave as Briana."

Her blood pressure goes down a notch and she ceases her frantic movements. He's not telling her no, he's just suggesting she have a shot at succeeding. It sounds more like a careful plan instead of blind running.

She feels bad for slapping him away now and wishes he'd come close again and talk some more sense to her. "What do you mean?"

"I'm going to buy you a disguise, just in case he's hanging around. What do you think? Good idea? Bad? Stupid beyond belief? Brilliantly diabolically genius, maybe?" He steps forward and takes her hand gently, putting the tubes back in the right direction and pushing down on the edges of the tape.

She leans back in the bed, her hand sliding out from his. "It's a good idea," she concedes, gently wiping the sweat off her upper lip. "When can you do it? Right now?"

"Later today, maybe when you're having dinner."

"But that's a long time from now."

Brian takes her hand again and turns it over, rubbing the palm with his thumbs. "Listen, I know you're feeling trapped right now and very vulnerable."

"Sitting duck. I'm a sitting duck with a goddamned bullseye on my chest."

"I know you feel that way, and I'm not going to tell you that's the wrong way to feel. But I am going to tell you that I won't let anything happen to you. That evil ass**le is going to have to go through me to get to you. And as my ex likes to say, I'm built like a brick shithouse, so it's not going to be easy for him to do that."

"You are big," she says, a ribbon of relief sliding around her and allowing her to relax just a little. "But he's big too. And strong."

"Check out these guns." Brian gives her a double bicep curl.

She laughs and then winces at the pain. "Impressive." It's more than impressive, but it makes her sad to realize that about him. She doesn't want to feel that way about her savior. She wants to be able to walk away in three days and never look back.

"See? All you gotta do is trust me." He lets her go and sits down, picking up his Kindle from the small, nearby table.

She finds, as he begins to read out loud from the science fiction novel on his e-reader, that the idea of trusting him is no longer outside the realm of possibility.

Chapter Twenty-One

SHE'S LYING IN THE BED, a wrinkled sheet covering most of her body. The IV lines have been removed and she's no longer tethered to the hospital room in any way. Beneath the blankets she's fully dressed in a new outfit Brian bought for her at Target. The bruises on her face have started turning green and the swelling has gone down significantly, but that doesn't change the fact that she looks like a monster with one arm in a cast. There's nothing Brian can do about that. Not yet, anyway.

"Are you ready?" he asks her, holding out a hand.

"As ready as I'm ever going to be." Nicole smiles at him tremulously, letting their fingers intertwine for a moment. It seems to calm and steady her to feel his touch, and Brian never tires of sharing it with her.

One of the nurses comes to the door. Her name is Tana and she's always made a special effort for Nicole, never asking questions, but somehow always knowing what needs to be done before Brian does. "We're ready for you."

"Let's do this," says Brian. "You sure you're ready?" he asks Nicole.

She nods. "Yes, I think so. You're going to be down there, right?" She's glad Brian was able to buy her clothes that would fit and not stick out as obviously as a hospital gown, but still, it's not enough to make her feel safe.

"Yep. I'll park at the door so you won't have far to go."

"Okay," she whispers. Her face is a mask of fear.

"I promise, I'll be there. You're going to be fine." He looks up at Tana who nods as she comes farther into the room. It's clear she realizes the importance of what they're doing; her expression holds pity and determination.

Tana speaks directly to Nicole. "I'm going to put the sheet up over your head now, okay, sweetie? Don't panic. We just want to make sure no one recognizes you on the way down."

Nicole looks at Brian one last time. They both know who the nurse is referring to, even if the nurse herself doesn't. John.

The sheet goes over Nicole's face and she's instantly transformed from the living, breathing monster who lives around the corner from Brian to the corpse who didn't make it. Faceless, nameless, invisible. This will be her disguise. Brian hates that she has to play dead to be safe. He pulls his hand away and smooths the sheet over her arm.

"See you in a few," Brian says, squeezing her foot through the covers on his way out. She doesn't answer. She's so still, it's almost as if she really is dead.

Brian tries to erase that horrible image from his mind as he leaves the floor and gets into the elevator, headed down to the parking lot so he can bring his car around to the morgue entrance. The idea of her no longer on this earth is too horrible to contemplate. He barely knows her, but somehow she's become an integral part of his life. It only took five days for her to go from invisible woman living in a house around the corner to the center of his universe.

He's alone inside the elevator and only has to wait ten seconds before the doors open again. Now on the ground floor, he begins to step out. He's so absorbed in the task at hand that he doesn't recognize the man coming in until the guy has bumped into him, knocking him a little off to the side.

"Oh, sorry, excuse me ...," Brian says, his words trailing off as he recognizes who it is. His heart stops beating in his chest for a few precious moments.

"Hey ... ? Don't I know you from somewhere?" asks the guy, pointing at Brian as he frowns in concentration. He's wearing a dark blue polo shirt, untucked, with jeans and a Chicago Cubs baseball hat.

Brian's heart begins to hammer loudly in his chest. It's almost painful. "Nah, I don't think so."

Brian tries to leave, but the guy grabs his arm and stops him.

"Yeah, man. Remember? Your kid busted my window the other day. You came over and offered to pay for it. I remember you clear as day." John puts his foot against the elevator doors to keep them from closing. Unfortunately, no one else is there to complain. Brian's stuck having the conversation he wants to avoid more than anything in the world.

Holy shit. I don't f**king believe it. Nicole was right. He's hunting her down. "Uh, yeah. That's right. Sorry, forgot." Brian holds out his hand for a handshake. He's outside the elevators, but to leave now would look like running away, and he can't afford to give John that impression right now. Nicole is too close to making her escape.

There's nothing Brian would like more than to haul off and punch the guy right in the face, but right now is not the time. Maybe someday the opportunity will arise, and Brian can't help but put a little extra force into his hand when he grips John's meaty fist as he wishes for it. The idea that this is the same fist that beat Nicole to a bloody pulp makes him physically ill and more angry than he can ever remember being in his life. He feels almost like he had something to do with her pain, standing here acting all nice to the ass**le.

When Brian lets John's hand go, he puts his palm to the back of his jeans and carefully wipes it off, hoping he can somehow erase the traitorous stink from his skin.

"What are you doing here, man?" asks John, his lip twitching just a little. Suspicion is written all over his face, and the fake-happy voice isn't fooling Brian for a second.

Play it cool, Brian. Just play it cool for half a minute and then get the hell outta here. "Oh, yeah ... I got a buddy up there on the fourth floor. Too much partying or something." Brian tries to laugh it off, but his face is contorting into weird shapes with the effort. He quits while he's still ahead and goes back to trying not to look like he wants to murder this abuser, this sorry excuse for a man.

John nods. "Bummer. I hear ya, though. I had alcohol poisoning once, and it was not good. Not good at all."

"What about you? What are you doing here?" Brian tries with everything he has to be chilled out, like he's just a neighbor happening upon another neighbor and shooting the breeze. But then he blows it with his next volley, his mouth getting away from his brain. "Is it your wife you're visiting?" Fuck! Why did I say that? God, I'm such an idiot!

John frowns. "What do you know about my wife?"

Brian attempts to play it off, shrugging. "Nothing. I just figured with that sign on your door and what you said ..."

"What's that?" John's shoulders go back a little and he holds firm on the elevator doors that are protesting being held open. He's definitely spoiling for a fight.

Brian scrambles to explain, to get out of the mess he's well in the process of making. "You know, you told my boy that she can't take care of herself and you have that sign saying not to knock or ring the bell ... I think you mentioned she was sick? Sorry, I must have misunderstood. Listen, I gotta go."

"Oh, hey, yeah, man. No problem. But no, I'm not visiting my wife. Just, you know ... a friend." John leans towards Brian with an outstretched hand. "I'll get that bill over to you in the next day or so. Take care, man."

Brian shakes his hand, resisting the urge to yank it hard and bring John over for a nice jaw-cracking. "Yeah. Take care."

Brian leaves the elevator and starts walking down the hall as rapidly as he can without seeming like he's running away.

"Hope your friend's feeling better!" John's voice follows him down the corridor.

Sweat breaks out on Brian's upper lip, but he waits until he's around the corner before he wipes it off. "Sweet Mary mother of all that is frigging holy," he says under his breath, taking off at a jog for the parking lot. If it weren't for bad luck, he wouldn't have any luck at all.

The only ray of light in this whole mess is that Tana had come up with the idea of bringing Nicole out as a corpse instead of letting Brian take her down to the lobby as a girl in a wig. I would have taken the stairs, he says to himself, trying to move past the horrible images of Nicole running into her living, breathing nightmare right as she was trying to start over.

He wouldn't have seen her. I can take care of her. I can keep her safe. He never doubted it before, so it's killing him that he is now. This is no little game of cat and mouse or hide and seek; Nicole is a human being and her life is in very real danger.

Keeping that evil ass**le away from her has now become Brian's life-mission. Seeing the monster acting so casual up close, after having nearly killed that practically helpless woman, makes Brian want to roar like a wounded lion and tear the man to shreds. He's only ever felt this protective once in his life before, and that was when someone came close to hitting Liam with their car in front of the house. That teenager was lucky to have driven away in one piece.

Brian looks over his shoulder as he walks to his car. He can't be sure the ass**le hasn't followed him, so he gets into the vehicle and leaves the hospital property entirely. Only after driving around the block several times, does he come back and drive over to the discrete entrance the nurse described to him, on the other side of the building from where visitors would enter. His eyes are scanning the streets and parking lots around him the entire time, hoping not to spot a man in a blue shirt with a red hat. Luckily, he sees nothing.

Pulling into the loading zone, he leaves the car running and jumps out. The door that was cracked open swings out the rest of the way and the nurse is standing there. Nicole is next to her, hunched over, looking like she's either about to take off running or collapse on the floor.

"What took you so long?" Nicole asks as he approaches, her voice filled with fear.

"I just got delayed on the way down. It's no big deal, come on." He puts his arm around the back of her shoulders. "Thanks, Tana," he says to the nurse, "you're an angel."

"You take care of her. And here ..." She hands him a business card that he glances at briefly before tucking it into his back pocket. "I wrote my cell number on the back. If you need any minor medical attention or have questions, just call me. I'll come see you personally at your house, off the books. I'm serious."

Brian gives her a quick, one-armed hug before leading Nicole to the car. "Thank you. For everything." He wishes he could tell her right now that she already saved Nicole's life once, maybe twice with her care and her idea to sneak out like this, but he doesn't want Nicole to hear it. She's not ready for that yet.

"Thank you," Nicole says to the woman over her shoulder.

"Get better," Tana says just before closing the hospital door behind her.

"Is everything okay?" Nicole asks, allowing Brian to guide her to the back seat. He opens the door and removes his arm from her shoulders so she can get in.

"Yes, everything's fine. But I want you to lay down back here, okay?" He reaches inside and takes a beach towel he always keeps back there and folds it into quarters, putting it at the far side of the back seat. "Here's a pillow."

"Why do I have to lie down? It hurts my ribs." She looks at him, fear and distrust in her eyes.

He hates that she has to feel that way around him, especially knowing he's keeping something from her. He's earning the distrust right in this very moment, but he's afraid she'll run back into the hospital and right into John's arms if he says anything. She always seems to be on the cusp of giving up.

"Because." He speaks softly, making sure none of his own panic reaches his voice. "I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important. Come on. In you go."

"Something's wrong." Nicole resists, her face taking on the panicked look again. "Tell me."

Brian takes her by the shoulders and looks her in the eyes. The two of them are inches apart, and he has to battle to keep the tears away as he takes in her bruised face and heavily blood-shot eyes. "Nicole, I don't want you to panic, but I saw John inside the hospital."

Tears immediately fill her eyes and she whimpers, her face trembling. "He's here?" Her whisper sounds like it's coming straight out of a horror movie.

"Yes. So please, lie down in the back. I need to get you out of here."

Nicole doesn't ask any more questions. She crawls into the back seat, crying as she goes. Curling into a ball on the back seat, she sobs quietly.

Brian's heart breaks as he closes the door at her feet. Relieved that she didn't run back inside, he rushes to get into the driver's seat and leaves the property as fast as he can without calling attention to himself. His head is on a swivel, looking right and left for the red hat. At the stop sign just before going out onto the main road, he pulls out his cell and calls the number on the back of the business card, dialing awkwardly while he also turns the wheel.

"Tana speaking."

"Tana, it's Brian. You just brought Nic ... I mean, Briana, down to the morgue for me?"

"Yes, Brian. What can I do for you?"

"Listen ... I don't want to get you involved in anything anymore than I already have, but I just wanted to give you a heads up. The ass**le who did all that ... stuff ... to Briana? He's in the hospital. I saw him on my way down."

"Oh my god, should I call security?"

"No. What I'd love for you to do, though, is just tell him no one with the kind of injuries I'm sure he'll describe or anyone meeting a description he might use was there on your floor."

"Why do you think he's coming here? They're not just going to let him in, you know. We have security."

"He's already in. He was getting in the elevator when I got out. He's going to check rooms for her and ask questions. If you could head him off, that would be great."

Tana's voice drops to a low whisper. "Don't tell me, let me guess ... he's wearing a navy polo and jeans with a red and navy baseball hat."

Brian's heart leaps into his throat. "Yeah. That's him."

"I got this. Just get her the hell out of here." The line goes dead.

Chapter Twenty-Two

NICOLE SITS ON THE BED and stares at the picture on the nightstand. Picking up the frame, she focuses on the faces. They look so happy. The perfect family.

Hearing a noise at the guest bedroom door, she looks up to find Brian standing there looking at her as he leans on the doorframe.

"You okay?" he asks.

"Who's this? Your wife?"

Brian comes in and sits down next to her on the bed. "That's Helen. She's my ex-wife, emphasis on the ex, not the wife." He points to the little boy. "And that's Liam. I call him Li-Li sometimes. I'm not sure how much longer he's going to allow it, though, since he thinks he's too grown up."

"How old is he?"

"Six going on sixteen."

Nicole finds herself smiling, even though it makes her sad in a way. She thinks of Kitten in John's backyard and realizes that even though she's two blocks away, the pain is never that far from her heart.

"So, you up for a game of gin rummy?" Brian asks.

Nicole allows him to take the frame from her hand and lean over her legs to put it back on the nightstand.

"Gin rummy? Cards?" He smells nice. Catching a whiff of his shirt and hair as he leans back, she closes her eyes for a moment. Butterflies have taken up residence in her stomach over it. The idea of being nervous in his presence and enjoying his male-ness makes her instantly sad. As beautiful as he his, nothing will change the cold, hard facts of her life. It's like the fairy tale her mother used to read to her when she was little, only with the roles reversed. She remembers painfully how wrong she'd been back then; she always pictured herself as Beauty and not The Beast she is today.

"Yeah." Brian stands up. "I'm pretty good though, so if you don't want to lose, I understand."

She can't help but smile at his bravado. "I haven't played that since I was a kid. I don't remember how to, actually."

"Come on." He holds out a hand to help her up. "I'll teach you."

Nicole ignores it and uses the edge of the bed to stand. It's not that she's rejecting him, it's just that it hurts too much to have something pulling on her arms like that. She feels bad when he frowns a little, but not bad enough that she's going to apologize or explain. It's better that he not be so nice all the time anyway. It'll just make it harder to leave in a few days. There will be no happy ending to this little story; she's not foolish enough to even dream otherwise. Life will never be a fairy tale for a girl like her.

Chapter Twenty-Three

NICOLE LOOKS OVER HER CARDS at him. She's smiling at whatever she has going on in her hand, and Brian can't help but grin back. She could easily be the worst card player that ever walked the earth, but her attempts at winning make it fun.

"You look pretty pleased with yourself over there," he says, taking a handful of peanuts and tossing them back into his mouth.

"I'm pretty sure I'm going to win this one." Her brows are furrowed in concentration.

He looks down at his own hand and the scoresheet on the table. "I'm feeling pretty scared, let me tell you."

"Oh, you should be."

For the first hour they played, Brian worried about teasing her too much or saying things that she might take wrong, like telling her she scared him, for one. But he quickly learned after a few bumbling teases came tumbling out of his mouth that she's a great sport and likes to tease as much as he does. His heart is feeling really full over the fact that she's so resilient. Less than a week ago she was beaten within an inch of her life. Today, she's drinking soda, eating terrible frozen pizza like it's a gourmet meal, and losing like a boss at cards.

His mouth goes up in a half-smile as he realizes how much fun he's having just hanging out with her. He hasn't even noticed her damaged face in hours.

"What are you smiling about over there? I'm about to take you downtown. You should be frowning."

"Iiiii'm not so sure about that," he says, adding a seven to a run he's had building since the deal. He throws down an eight. "Here's some trash you can take out." He looks up and grins big, ready for her next volley.

She freezes in place. The sly smile that was there on her lips, ready to tease him once again, disappears and her face goes white. Tears well up in her eyes and she jumps to her feet, throwing her cards down on the table. She opens her mouth to speak, but the words come out rough. "I ... I have to go... to the bathroom." Leaving the table in a hurry, she moves swiftly down the hall. The door slams shut behind her before Brian can completely process what just happened.

"What'd I say?" he says in a low voice, replaying his last words in his mind. Taking out the trash? Is that what bothered her?

He gets up and walks to the bathroom, leaving his cards at the table. Tapping on the door, he leans in so he won't have to shout to be heard. "Nicole? Are you okay?"

"I'm fine," she says, her voice almost a falsetto. "I'll be out in a few minutes."

"Can I get you anything? A newspaper or magazine?" He's trying to be funny, trying to smooth over the horrible feeling that he's done something wrong. Cringing at his poor taste, he breathes out a long sigh. Helen is right about him. He's too goofy sometimes. It's his fall-back plan when he doesn't know what to do, and this is definitely one of those times.

She doesn't respond.

"I'm going to be in the living room waiting for you. When you come out, we can talk or keep playing cards or just quit for the night. It's up to you."

He waits until she responds, worried about what he'll have to do if she doesn't. The relief in his heart is almost palpable when her voice comes through the door and it sounds less distressed.

"Okay. Just give me a minute."

Brian goes into the living room and sits on the couch, staring at the entrance to the hallway, hoping she'll come through and not just disappear into her bedroom. He tortures himself with visions of her leaving and walking back to her house and into the arms of the monster.

Chapter Twenty-Four

NICOLE STARES AT THE MIRROR as the tears fall down her cheeks. She thought she was over this, over the pain and over hating how she looks, but as she stands there and feels her own stomach turn over at her destroyed face, she knows; it'll never be over. She'll never be able to forget what John has done to her, and even worse, what she let him do to her. And to Kitten.

Images of that night slip into her conscious mind, refusing to be suppressed. She can't separate the reality from her nightmares, not even certain this happened but feeling like it must have. "Take out the trash, Nikki. Bury it. Here it is ..." She can still see the small bundle in his hands, held out in front of her.

Taking several deep breaths, she tries to contain her emotions. She swallows over and over to keep from vomiting. No. I won't think about that. I won't do that to myself right now. I need time to heal my face first. I'll heal my soul later. She visually drinks in the damage showing in the mirror. She's avoided reflective surfaces for two years. Even when John forced her to look, she would purposely blur her vision so she couldn't truly see what was in front of her. Today, this moment, is the first time she's actually seen her own face clearly, in detail.

My god, what a horrible mess. She touches the odd-looking cheekbones that are no longer aligned or even in the right place. Her fingers slide to her flattened nose, pushing it gently from one side to the other, pinching it to see what it might have looked like years ago. She can't remember her real nose, all she knows is that this is nothing like it used to be when she was nineteen and meeting John for the first time.

There's a brush on the counter and she uses it to arrange her hair. One of the nurses had taken out all the tangles while she was unconscious at the hospital. She'd fallen asleep with near-dreadlocks and woken up with smooth hair, the bald spots covered with strategic comb-overs.

As Nicole runs her fingers through the soft strands, she finds several spots on her scalp where the missing hair is growing in. It's only stubble now, but in a year or two, it'll be long again. She smiles at the idea of having a full head of hair, before she realizes that the chances of that happening are not one hundred percent.

It can only happen if John is just a tiny speck in her rearview mirror. As she pulls back her lips to inspect her mouth, it's her broken and missing teeth that remind her most effectively about her reality.

Brian can be as nice as an angel and smell like one too, but that's not going to change the simple facts; she can't stay here forever, and the longer she stays, the harder it will be to leave. John could easily find her here. Besides, Brian would only ever see her as a welfare case. To dream of anything else would be a waste of time and a recipe for disaster. Her heart is the only thing she has left. She cannot risk getting that shattered too.

She splashes some water on her face and pats it dry with a hand towel, careful especially around the still bruised and cut areas. Staring at herself in the mirror, for the first time in years she's thinking she can get away and hide forever. But it won't be possible being only one street over from John. A plan begins to form in her mind. All she needs to do is earn some money somehow and then she can move to the other side of the country, to a place where he'd never think to look for her.

She ignores the pangs of sadness at the idea of never seeing Brian again. He's been so good to her. Not only has he given her a temporary safe haven, he's also given her hope. It's been so very long since she's felt like she has another option besides waiting for a young death.

She looks at her fingers, cringing at how crooked they are from being broken and the bones left to set themselves. Maybe she could do something online where she wouldn't have to see people at all. Her fingers still work enough to type. She could have food and things delivered to her house and maybe even own a dog. A big one with giant teeth. She smiles at the vision of this beast as he appears in her mind. No one would be ever able to sneak up on her and catch her without a gun in her hand with him around.

Leaving the bathroom, she takes one last look at her demolished face before turning out the light. She decides then and there that she'll no longer be avoiding the mirror and hiding from the truth. The sooner she faces facts and gets everything out in the open with herself, the sooner she can move on and heal. The universe has given her another chance at life, and no way is she going to screw this one up too.

Chapter Twenty-Five

BRIAN'S WAITING ON THE LIVING room couch when Nicole reappears. She's been crying. Her eyes are red-rimmed and her face even puffier than it was before, but she's wearing a tentative smile and she seems a lot more relaxed than she was when she left the card game.

"Everything okay?" he asks, standing as she moves into the room.

"Don't get up," she says, taking a seat on the other end of the couch. "I'm fine. I just had a minor meltdown, but I'm over it now."

"Playing cards with me can do that to a person." He smiles awkwardly at his lame attempt at humor.

"You are pretty good, I'll give you that. But I wasn't really trying to win, sooo..."

He nods in appreciation. "Nice. Sounds like a definite re-match challenge. Maybe tomorrow you'll be up to it."

"Maybe," Nicole says. "But maybe you'd prefer to go out on a date or something."

"Sure," he says without missing a beat, "where'd you like to go?" He's thrilled she wants to go out somewhere. He had no idea her progress could come so swiftly and boldly like that.

Her face flames red and she nervously wipes some sweat off her upper lip. "I didn't mean with me." All of a sudden it's like she can't look him in the eye anymore, so she stares at the coffee table, poking it with her toe a little.

He laughs softly, even though the twinge of disappointment in his heart is uncomfortable. For the briefest moment he pictured sitting with her in a cafe having lunch. It surprises him how much he wants that to be real, for it to actually happen.

"Well, who'd you mean, then if not you?" He knew it was too good to be true. She'd never want to go out in public, and definitely not with him. She probably looks at him and sees John in a way. They're both big guys, they live right down the street from each other, and they both wear baseball hats. Brian wonders if he should quit doing that. Helen would throw a party.

"You know, you could go with your girlfriend or whatever."

"I don't have a girlfriend. I told you that already." Is she fishing for information? Why? This feels distinctly like a woman feeling him out, and he's intrigued that she'd do that. Maybe the idea of him and her in a cafe isn't an impossibility. He refuses to analyze why he's thinking these things. Surely there will be plenty of time to be sleepless over it later.

"You did?" she says.

"Maybe I did. I thought I did. Maybe I just imagined it. Or it could have been one of those times I was talking to your IV bag."

She throws a small pillow at him with her good arm and hits him in the face with it.

As it falls into his lap, he just blinks a few times, no expression on his face. He loves that she feels playful around him. Besides, she could toss the coffee table onto his head and he wouldn't do a damn thing about it. As long as he's alive, no man will ever raise a hand to her again.

"I heard everything you said in that room," Nicole says, her face still on fire. She casts a few glances at him, her hands trembling just the slightest bit.

"Oh, I don't know about that..." He trails off, wondering if she heard him telling her over and over that he was going to take care of her, protect her, and make sure she never gets hurt again. It might be kind of embarrassing if she knew how crazy worried he was about her, how much of himself he'd dedicated to taking care of her.

She doesn't say anything, so he pushes the conversation forward. He doesn't want it to stop here. "So, we could go out, you know. On a date. Or a non-date if you prefer."

"A non-date?"

"Yeah. Like, as friends. Or we could make it an official date."

She loses her happy expression. "Stop. Now you're just being mean." She attempts to stand, but the couch has her sunk too far in, and her one arm being in a cast makes it difficult to get up.

Brian leans over and takes her free hand. "Don't go. Please? Let's talk." He tugs on her gently and she sits back into the cushions, glancing at him with a distrustful expression.

He sighs heavily. "You just have to accept the fact that I'm going to say all kinds of awkward, goofy things. I'm sorry if I offended you. Please forgive me."

"You didn't say anything that offended me," she says, sighing herself. She's staring at the wall opposite the couch. "I just know that you're joking, and it hurts to know that I'm never going to have that life for myself. I lost out." She shrugs and then looks at him. "It's pitiful, right? How some girls feel like they need that?"

"No." He shakes his head emphatically. "It's not just girls, it's guys too. Everyone wants to feel loved, attractive, desired. That's just part of being human."

"But monsters don't have the luxury of enjoying human things."

He throws the pillow back at her, hitting her in the shoulder with it. "Stop. Now you're just feeling sorry for yourself."

Her jaw drops open. "What?"

"You heard me." This refusal to participate in the pity-party feels like the right thing to do, so he runs with it, hoping all the while it doesn't backfire on him. "You're not going to mope around here all day and night feeling sorry for yourself. This house is a pity-party-free zone."

She sputters out a response. "But ... that's just ... that's just rude." She doesn't get up, she stares at him, visibly angry now.

Brian prefers angry to sad any day, so he shrugs nonchalantly, like he could care less that she doesn't like it. "I'm a realist. You had a problem, now you have to move on from it. Now you have options. You need to pick an option, make your plan, and then live that plan. It's that simple."

"Oh, it's that simple, is it?" She's fuming.

"Yeah. Step one, step two, step three, etcetera. Just follow the program."

"Except you need a program to start with," she says, her words clipped. "That's just a major detail and something I don't have."

"Yeah? So, make one."

She throws up her one good arm, now sounding more frustrated than angry. "And how am I going to do that? I have no job, no money, no ID ... nothing!"

Brian stands up and goes over to the small desk in the corner that serves as his office. Grabbing a legal pad and pen off the surface of it, he turns to face her. "What you need is a plan and it just so happens that I have paper and pen handy. Plan-making materials."

"Oh, well ... all my problems are solved."

Brian comes back to the couch, sitting slightly closer to Nicole. He's secretly thrilled when she doesn't move away. "Okay, step one ... you need identification. Where's your driver's license?"

"I don't know. John has it somewhere."

"Fine. We'll go online and order a new one and have it mailed here. I did it just three months ago, it's easy as pie." He writes that on the first line of the paper. "That takes care of the identification issue. Next?"

"Job? Money? Transportation? A dog?"

He looks at her. "A dog?"

She shrugs, suddenly looking shy. "Yeah. I was thinking it could protect me."

Brian growls low in his throat, pointing the pen towards his face. "Grrrrrr. What do you think?"

She picks up the pillow and pops him gently in the face with it. "No. I want a real dog, not you."

He play-frowns, looking at her with the most pitiful expression he can make.

She smiles and shoves him. "Quit that."

The giggle that escapes her lips makes Brian grin, knowing he's gotten her out of her funk, at least partway. He goes back to his list. "Okay, fine. Dog. Check. Next on the list ... job." He looks over at his desk. "I need someone to do my books." Looking at her, he shifts into begging mode. "Please, rescue me from my nightmare."

"No you don't, stop playing around."

"No, I'm serious." Brian puts the pad down on the coffee table and jumps up from the couch, striding over to his desk. He opens a drawer and pulls out a stack of papers, holding them up for her. "Do you see these? Receipts. Bills. Invoices. You name it, I need help with it."

"What have you been doing all this time without help?" she asks, sounding suspicious.

"Winging it. Paying part time help. Getting gray hair." He points to his head. "This used to be blond. Now look at me."

"You have like two gray hairs."

"See! It's a nightmare."

She looks like she's trying not to smile. "I can't work for you."

He puts down the papers and walks back to the couch, dropping into the seat even closer to Nicole than before. "It pays thirty thousand a year plus housing and food."

She swallows loudly. "I can't."

He leans in and uses his cajoling tone. "Three weeks' vacation..."

"That's pretty generous for a new employee."

"I'm easily swayed by a cute personality."

Her face goes a pretty pink. "You think I have a cute personality?"

"I know you do."

"You don't know me as well as you think you do," she says quietly.

"So work for me. Work with me. Be my bookkeeper, coffee maker, slave-driver, bossy girl. I'll get to know you really well."

She shifts in her seat to look at him. "I get to be a bossy girl, too?"

"Yes. I like being bossed around. Just ask my ex."

Nicole laughs and pushes on Brian's shoulder. "I'm not the bossy type. I'm more used to being bossed around."

He shifts sideways to see her better, facing her and just a foot apart. "Oh, I don't know about that." He acts like he's searching her eyes more deeply. "I'm pretty sure I see a bossy girl in there somewhere."

She's smiling in response for a few seconds, but then her face falls.

"What? What'd I say this time?" he asks.

"Nothing." Her lips tremble and she drops her gaze to her lap. "I'm sorry. I'm just a mess of emotions right now. It's like I'm on a seesaw or a roller coaster. Up, down, up, down ... happy, sad, happy, sad."

"Come here." Brian puts his arms across her shoulders and pulls her in to his side as he leans back in the cushions. "I'm sure that's completely normal. After all you've been through, you can't be expected to even know how to feel yet. Your world's been warped for too long."

"I thought we weren't allowed to have pity parties in your house."

"We aren't. This isn't a pity party, this is just us discussing the facts. Facts are that you had a few years of your life taken away from you. Now we're going to get them back. Forward movement from here on out. Pity parties are backward steps, but we're not going to take any of those, right?"

"Right," she says, not sounding very convinced.

He squeezes her several times, rocking her body. "Come oooon ... say it like you mean it."

"Forward movement, never back," she mumbles petulantly.

"That's it. Listen, you're going to stumble, but that's what I'm here for. Lean on me. I'll keep you from falling."

"I think I am." She looks up at him and then glances at his shoulder she's leaning into.

"Yeah, but I mean figuratively."

"I'm pretty sure I'm doing that too."

"Okay, good. Keep doing it and we'll be fine."

"What do you get out of all this?" she asks. "The benefits for me are clear, but what about you?"

Brian turns to look at her, his face just inches from hers. "I get you, of course." Leaning forward he kisses her on the forehead.

Chapter Twenty-Six

NICOLE LAYS IN BED THAT night, thinking back on her first evening spent with Brian outside the hospital. He's charming, kind, funny, intelligent, handsome as any man she's ever known, and ... he kissed her. It was only on the forehead, but it was a kiss.

Her face goes warm with the memory, and her body responds to the fantasy that starts building in her mind about him. Maybe one day he'll kiss her for real and not just on the forehead. He said something about going out on a date with her.

But then she immediately erases those ideas from her mind, getting angry with herself over being so stupid. She's never going out on a date, let alone with a man like Brian. He's too good for her. He needs to be with a beautiful woman who won't make his son run away in fear. Someone who's confident and happy and brilliant.

Just the idea of that never being her reality makes her exhausted with sadness. She falls asleep, her last depressing thought being that she just described the woman she used to be, before she met John. If only she had met Brian first, how different her life would have turned out...

The darkness of sleep rolls in and with it comes a nightmare. She's in pain. There's a burning between her legs and cramps in her lower abdomen. A stickiness down there tells her there's blood. A lot of blood. She's hiding in the garage. He never comes in the garage. She thought that of all the places she could go to ride this out, this would be the place he'd never look. He knows she's terrified of mice and roaches and all manner of things that make their home out here. Blankets on the ground and a throw-pillow from the couch make up her bed. A wall of boxes and cast-off junk shields the view of her sleeping area from the door leading into the house.

She pants in quick bursts to be as quiet as possible. He's sleeping. If she can just keep it silent in here, he won't wake up, he won't come to investigate, and he won't do anything bad. She can hide everything until she's well enough to leave. Now she has a reason to leave for good, and nothing is going to stop her.

She cries out with the pain, clamping a hand quickly over her own mouth to cut off the sound. Grabbing the pillow from under her head, she buries her face in it and screams.

"Nicole! Nicole!" Someone is shaking her shoulder, making the pain worse. Oh no! He's found me!

"No, no, no, no, no!" she screams, biting the pillow hard, trying to keep the screams inside so he won't hear. Maybe he's not really here. Maybe it's just her imagination.

"Nicole, it's me. It's Brian. You're having a bad dream."

The dark vision of the garage begins to fade and a sense of confusion takes over. The hard concrete floor isn't a hard concrete floor; it feels more like ... a mattress.

"Brian?" she asks, turning her face out of the pillow a little, making it easier to breathe. The lamp on her bedside table goes on.

"Yes, it's me, see? Are you okay? I heard you screaming. You sounded like you were being murdered in your sleep."

"No," she says, breathing out loudly as reality comes in fully to burn off the fog in her brain. "Not me," she says, flopping over onto her back. "Thanks for waking me up. That was awful."

"Do you want to talk about it?"

Her face crumples as she realizes how badly she wants to talk about it but can't.

"Here." Brian pushes on her side with his butt. "Move over so I can lay next to you."

She doesn't argue, because the idea of his big, bulky body being next to hers is too enticing to refuse. Maybe if he's there being her guard dog while she sleeps, it'll scare the nightmares away. Shifting awkwardly with the pain of her ribs and broken arm, she makes room for him.

He reclines on the bed, staying outside the covers while she stays inside them. He props his arms up behind his head and she scoots down to give his elbows some room.

"I knew I should have gotten a double bed for this room," Brian says, sighing.

They lay in silence for a long time before Brian speaks again. "So, tell me about the dream."

"It wasn't a dream, really. It was more a memory of something that happened."

"Do you want to tell me about it?"

"Yes and no."

"Why no?"

"Because it's too awful. I just want to try and forget it." She doesn't tell him the whole truth. What she's most worried about is being judged. She's already done enough of that to herself, but to have someone as good as Brian judge her would be way worse. But not telling him feels like deceiving him in a way. It makes her feel really sad, and along with the memory of that night in the garage and the days that followed, it's enough to make her cry again.

Brian lifts up an arm and slides it under her head. "Don't cry. We can work it out."

"There's no working this stuff out, Brian. It happened. I can't just erase it like it never existed."

"No, but you can deal with it, and move past it to live a new life."

"I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I'm strong enough."

"Oh, like hell," he says, sounding frustrated. "Come on, you were a prisoner of war over there." His voice takes on a superhero quality to her ears. "You lived in a battle zone occupied by the enemy for what ... two years?"

"Three."

"Jesus, three years, Nicole! Three years of psychological and emotional and physical abuse."

"How do you know what happened? I haven't told you anything."

"No offense, because you know I think you're cute, but I can tell by looking at your face and hands what he did to you physically. And the other stuff just goes along with that. You stayed, even though he almost killed you I don't know how many times. Obviously, he psyched you out. He mind-fucked you big time. It happens all the time to really intelligent, strong women."

"He broke me," she whispers. She hates saying the words, but once they're out there, she feels a bit of the weight lift from her chest. To acknowledge being broken almost seems to pave the way for healing.

"Bullshit. You're not breakable. You're easy to bruise, that's for sure, but break? No. Huh-uh. I don't accept that."

"Anyone ever told you you're stubborn?" she asks, happy to move onto teasing topics rather than reality.

"Nope. No one ever. Except anyone who's ever known me." He strains to look down at her. "We need to talk about getting the police involved."

She stiffens under his arm. "No." Just the idea makes her want to panic. She'd get up and run into the bathroom if she thought her legs would support her right now.

"Why not? Just tell me that. If your answer makes sense, I'll let it go."

"If it makes sense to you," she clarifies.

"Of course. I'm the only sane person in the room, so that goes without saying."

She pinches his side and makes him flinch away for a second. "Don't call me insane." She worries in the back of her mind that calling her that would be too close to speaking the truth. The idea that John could have also taken her sanity from her is too much. Way too much. He already took so many things.

"Then don't say crazy shit like you're not going to sic the police on his ass."

"I'm not." She feels strongly about this, like she has no choice and she's doing the healthy thing by moving on and letting it all go. The police can't do anything, anyway. John already showed her that on more than one occasion.

Brian sits up and turns to face her. "Tell me why. Please."

"Because." She tries to hold his gaze but she can't, so she stares at the ceiling. "If I tell them anything, they'll go talk to him, he'll find out I'm here and I'm talking to everyone about him, and he'll come get me and kill me. And he'll probably kill you too." Tears spring to her eyes. "I'd never forgive myself if anything happened to you or your son."

"Shhhh, shhhh, shhhh..." Brian turns on his side and hugs her, his body touching hers through the covers from chest to ankle while her broken arm rests on her outer hip. "Don't cry. And don't even think that, because it's not going to happen."

Her good arm snakes out from under the covers almost of its own volition and slides under and around his neck. She puts her heavily-casted arm over his hip and awkwardly squeezes him to her, like she's drowning and he's the only thing that can save her.

The pain in her ribs fades out as she focuses on this man beside her, this good person doing nothing but trying to help. Imagining John coming over here and smashing his fist into Brian's face is making her frantic with worry and hurt. She cannot let anything happen to this beautiful man. She remembers his words to Liam as he stood on the front doorstep of John's house with his son. "Remember what I said about integrity." John has no integrity whatsoever. He'd come in here and destroy this family and never blame it on himself or his insanity. He'd blame it on her.

"I know him, Brian, better than anyone. He'll hurt you! He'll hurt Liam!" She's frantic, unable to keep the horror inside. She can actually picture him doing it, the look of satisfaction on his face as he delivers the fatal blows.

Brian's big hand comes up and strokes the side of her head as his face lifts away from the pillow. He tilts himself back but stops when he's only inches away. "No, he won't. I'm telling you, Nicole, I won't allow it. It's just not going to go down like that."

"How do you know?" she whispers, staring into his pool-blue eyes. She wants to drown in them right now and never come out again.

"Because, I know who I am and I know who he is. He's no match for me."

She could not agree more, but he's not talking about the same thing she is. He's talking about physical strength and she's thinking about strength of character. "He's stronger," she whispers.

"No, he's not. I am."

"You're wrong."

"No, I'm not, want to know how I know this?"

She nods, her head barely moving. She'd give anything to hear something come out of his mouth that she could believe in.

"Because, he's fighting for control over a possession. A thing. I'm fighting for a human being who I value and want to have in my life because I respect her and enjoy the person who she is inside. That makes my motivation stronger and my power more sure."

Her lips tremble at his declaration. He has no idea how right he is about John's perception of her. She is a possession, a thing to be owned and controlled and never relinquished. Until death do us part. "Are you a superhero or something?"

"Or something," he says.

For a really long time they just stare at each other's faces. Nicole's heart does a flip when his eyes roam from her eyes to her mouth and she finds herself doing the same. He has such beautiful lips, full and dark red. It makes her sad to think that it'll be another girl who gets to touch them someday but never her.

"I really want to kiss you right now," he says.

Her throat almost closes with the panic and disbelief that overwhelms her. "What?" she eventually croaks out.

He gives her the most charming half-grin she's ever seen. "Did you really not hear me or you just like hearing me say it twice?"

She tries to answer, but the words won't come out. She moves her lips and air comes, but no sound.

"Speechless. I've rendered you speechless haven't I?"

She nods.

"Okay, so here's the score," he says, his voice barely above a whisper, "I'm going to lean in towards you. My plan is to give you a kiss. If you don't want me to, all you have to do it turn your head a little and I'll stop. It's up to you."

She's frozen, her heart going a mile a minute. He cannot possibly want to kiss me. Why would he want to kiss me? I'm disgusting! I'm horribly ugly! I'm damaged beyond saving!

His mouth moves closer and closer. The heat from his breath puffs over her lips. The moment before he's close enough to touch, she closes her eyes and a tear slips out of each lid. But she doesn't move her head. Not one millimeter.

Lips touch hers. Warm. Soft. There's almost no pressure coming from him, so it's as if just a whisper of a kiss is there.

She doesn't move a muscle. A piece of her says he doesn't mean it as the kind of kiss she wants from him. He's pretending to be her brother. He's just being kind. He's trying to make her feel better.

And then his lips are gone. She waits a few seconds and then opens her eyes.

His expression is serious as he stares at her. "You didn't turn your head."

"Should I have?" Embarrassment floods through her. Was this a test that she just failed?

"Heck no. Not if you want to kiss me."

She smiles but her lips tremble. More tears slip out.

"Why are you crying?" he whispers.

She can't say. There's been enough embarrassment for one night. For one lifetime, really.

"Is it because it was terrible? Big disappointment?"

She shakes her head and whispers, "No."

"Maybe I should do it again."

"Why?"

"I don't know. To try and do better."

"I mean ... why are you kissing me at all?" She can't believe those words came out of her mouth. His kiss has obviously opened the door between her thoughts and her lips, letting anything just spill out.

"Because you're cute. Because I want to. Do I need another reason?"

She backs up, pulling her broken arm off him. Coldness is entering her heart and shutting down the warmth that had started to build. "That's a lie."

"What's a lie? That I want to kiss you?"

"No, that I'm cute. Maybe that other part too."

Brian very carefully picks up her broken arm and puts it back where it was, all the while staring into her eyes. "You listen to me, you stubborn little thing ... you can't tell me what I think about you, okay? That's for me to decide."

"There's no way you could think I'm cute. Not unless you're blind. And you drove a car, so I know you're not."

"I have twenty-twenty vision, thank you very much, and I can too think you're cute. You're funny, smart, wicked terrible at cards even though you refuse to admit it, and you have a nice ass. I add that all up and it equals cute to me."

"I think I will take that job you offered me earlier," she says, happiness filling her heart and making her feel like she can fly.

"Oh yeah? Why the change of heart now?"

"Because. You obviously can't add. I can't imagine how much money you've lost over the years doing your own billing."

Chapter Twenty-Seven

BRIAN COMES IN FROM THE workshop and stops in the doorway so he can watch Nicole working at his desk without her knowing. Her broken arm is resting on the surface awkwardly as she runs the fingers of her free hand over the keyboard of his computer. She's been busy for the last couple days getting all his accounts put into a computer program she's used before.

From behind, you'd never be able to tell she was nearly killed a week ago. Her posture is pretty straight, her hair is covering the spots where chunks are missing, and her movements are smoother than they have been since he met her.

He knows her ribs still hurt, but they're getting better. Day by day, she improves. The idea that she has a paying job seems to have inspired her.

Tonight will be another big test on her path to healing; Liam is due home in an hour. She's been fretting about it all day. Brian has been too, but on a different level. Like any parent of a young child would be, he's worried that his son will either blurt out something terrible, or run away screaming in fear. Brian is hoping that since his son has already seen her once, Nicole's face won't be nearly as shocking. Helen is supposed to be preparing him for seeing her, and Brian's sure she'll also be coaching him on what to say. The only issue is that Liam doesn't always do what he's told.

"Oh, hey," she says, turning around, her face for a split second carrying an expression of fear. "You snuck up on me." A smile comes, but it falters and then falls away.

Brian pushes off the doorframe and comes inside, shutting and locking the door behind him before coming into the living room. "I like watching you."

She tries to smile again but doesn't quite pull it off.

"Is that creepy?" he asks, coming into the room and dropping onto the couch.

"Maybe a little."

Brian nods, wanting to ask if it's something John did but hating the idea of bringing his ghost into the room. "How's it going in that mess of stuff?" he asks, gesturing with his chin at the computer.

"Not bad, really. You don't really need me. You were doing fine with paper records."

Brian knows this is true, but if he admits it then he can't very well convince her to stay and be his assistant. "Bah. I hate that stuff. You'll free me up to do more work and make more money."

"Which you'll need just to pay me," she says, rolling her eyes.

"Yes, but the goal is to make more than I pay you, and you can't forget to account for the lack of headache I'll have trying to add and subtract all the time." He smiles, remembering the other night when he kissed her. He hasn't tried to do it again, but damn does he want to.

The damage to her face means nothing to him. Something about her is so attractive, despite all of that. He's not sure if it's her inner strength, the force that kept her alive in spite of everything that was done to her, or the fact that she needs him and makes him feel necessary ... important ... needed. It probably doesn't hurt that she has a rockin' body that no amount of horrific abuse managed to change about her. She needs quite of bit of meat on her bones, but even what she has is damn fine as far as he's concerned.

He wishes he could get her to understand that, but all his efforts have fallen on deaf ears. She will not accept the fact that he finds her attractive or that there's anything about her that would make a man interested in her. Listening to her talk, you'd think she was a sea monster or something.

"Why are you staring at me like that?" she asks. She doesn't sound mad about it or scared anymore.

"Because, I want to kiss you again. Seeing you do my accounting makes me all hot and bothered." He wiggles his eyebrows at her.

Her face goes pink as she turns around and shuffles some papers around, looking busy doing a whole lot of nothing. "Shush. You're embarrassing yourself."

"I'm not the one with the red face." He loves making her flustered. She gives the impression that she hasn't played any flirting games in a long time, maybe ever. It makes Brian want to do it all the time.

"I'm not listening to you right now," she says, pulling out a sheet of paper and putting it down in front of the keyboard. "I have work to do."

The sound of a car door being slammed shut and footsteps running up the front walk comes through the front door. Brian is looking at Nicole at the exact moment she hears the sounds. Her whole body freezes, and the pink heat in her face disappears in an instant. Now she's as pale as a ghost.

"Oh my god," she whispers, panic in her voice, "he's here."

Brian gets up from the couch and walks over to her, speaking in a calm voice. "It's just Liam ... relax." Putting his hand on her shoulder, he massages it gently. "He's just a little kid."

"But ... but ..." She turns in her seat and grunts as she stands too fast for her ribs. "He'll see me!" She tries to get around Brian, but he's blocking her way. He puts his hands on her upper arms.

"Of course he's going to see you. He lives here, just like you." Brian stares at her, trying to figure out what she's thinking. She looks like she's afraid it's John out there.

A little fist bangs on the door. "Open up, Dad! It's me! I'm hooooome!" Then the doorbell goes bananas, ringing about ten times, the sound vibrating all over the room.

Nicole strains against Brian's hold, still trying to go around him. "But he can't see me! He's afraid of me!"

"Babe. Just relax, okay? Everything's going to be fine." He lets go of her, worried she's going to think he's manhandling her.

"It's not going to be fine," Nicole says, tears welling up in her eyes. "I can't do this!" The paper she was holding in her hand flutters to the floor.

The sound of a key in the lock stops her next complaint in its tracks. She shuts her mouth with a snap as the door begins to open.

Nicole steps sideways and positions herself behind Brian.

He turns to face the door, not moving away to expose her. If this is how it needs to happen for her, he's going to do whatever he can to help her out. The one thing he won't do is hide her away like she's got something to be ashamed of. Liam and Helen need to meet her right from the start and accept the fact that she's a new member of the household, for as long as he can convince her to stay.

"Hi, Daddy!" says Liam, coming into the room. He's followed closely by Helen. They both stop when they're far enough into the room to see that Brian's not alone.

"Hey, Li-Li! Glad you're back." Brian stays put, speaking as casually as possible. "I want you to meet someone." He holds his hand out for his son, gesturing for him to come close.

"Mommy already told me that Briana is here," the little boy says in a more subdued tone. "I got her a present."

Helen walks farther into the room, over her initial reticence. "Sorry we came back early. I have a ton of work to get done before I get on that plane and I can't focus at all with Liam running around." She looks down at their son. "No offense, my love."

"It's okay. Daddy always says I'm a handful and a half, so I understand."

Helen looks up at Brian and smiles, only glancing briefly over his shoulder at the woman behind him. "Where does he get this stuff?"

"I blame it on the television," says Brian. "Listen, I know you're in a hurry, but I want you to meet ... Briana."

He looks over his shoulder and catches Nicole's eye. "Can I introduce you?"

Panic-stricken is the only way to describe what he sees there in her expression. But she presses her lips together and nods once.

He winks to reassure her and then turns sideways to expose her to his family. "Briana, I'd like you to meet my former wife, Helen, and my son, Liam."

Brian watches first Nicole and then Helen closely. Nicole's eyes are darting around, looking at the door, Helen, him ... but she doesn't look at his son. It's almost as if she's afraid. He can practically feel her nervous vibes rolling off her body. She wants to run.

Helen holds out her hand. "It's nice to meet you, Briana."

Nicole puts her hand out and lets Helen take it. "Nice to meet you too. I'm ... sorry ..." She looks down at the carpet and pulls her hand back.

"Sorry about what?"

Nicole shrugs. "I don't know," she mumbles.

Helen stares at her for a few seconds. Then she looks at Brian, her mouth set in a firm line. "Bri, can you give us a few minutes alone, please?"

"Uh, no, I'm not sure that's a good idea," says Brian.

"I am. Two minutes. Take Liam outside and help him get all his stuff out of the trunk."

Brian's face burns as he realizes that he overestimated Helen's ability to roll with this program. Everything's about to hit the fan and he's not prepared for it. He doesn't know what to do to stop this freight train from coming down the track, and all he can think about is how horrible it's going to be for Nicole. He shouldn't have done this to her, put her in this position. He wants to thrash himself for being so insensitive. But one look at his ex-wife's face and he knows he needs to let her have her say. Whatever it is, Liam is her son and this is his home. He cannot disregard that like it doesn't matter.

Liam slides his little hand into his father's. "Come on, Dad. I got a new truck. It's big." Liam looks over shyly at Nicole, but then looks away quickly before she notices. "And we got some other stuff too that you have to carry for me."

Brian looks back at Nicole, touching her shoulder with his free hand. "I'll be right back. Don't worry. Her bark is worse than her bite."

Nicole looks up and gives him a sad smile. It makes him want to rescue her all over again, but he leaves her there instead. He's praying the whole way out to the car that Helen doesn't make Nicole want to run.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

NICOLE CAN'T BRING HERSELF TO look Helen in the eye. She feels like an interloper. A user. A person who shouldn't be here. It's shame that's rising up to choke her. She'd like nothing more than to run away and never come back. She blames John for this mess. If it wasn't for him, this family would be living their normal lives, not inviting a monster into their midst.

"Let's sit," says Helen, leaving to go take a seat in an armchair next to the couch. "Come on over. Brian's telling the truth. I don't bite."

Nicole wants to take off out the front door, but her legs won't cooperate. They move her slowly over to the spot where she sat when she first arrived in the house. The cushions collapse with her weight and she rests her broken arm in her lap. Staring at the coffee table, she waits for the words telling her she has to get out and never come back. She wonders how long it will take John to punish her for being gone so long.

"So, you're going to stay with Brian and Liam for a while, I hear."

Nicole looks up, too surprised with this opening line to remember to be cowed. She nods.

"That's good. I think it'll do you all some good."

"You do?" Nicole's voice sounds rusty, so she clears her throat. This is so not what she expected.

"Yes. On one condition."

Nicole's brief flash of hope dies out like it was never there. Here it comes.

"You have to promise me on everything you hold dear in your life, that you won't contact the bastard who did this to you while you're here. I cannot have him showing up and putting my son in jeopardy."

Nicole's nostrils flare and her lips tremble with the effort of holding her tears inside. "I won't. I promise." And she means it. As tempting as it is to give in to the fear that he'll find her and punish her for being gone, for hiding, she knows as long as she lives here she has to keep these people safe. Just like they're trying to do for her.

Helen tilts her head, staring at Nicole some more. For some reason, it doesn't make Nicole want to look away. This is the longest she's held someone's stare, other than Brian's, since ... well, for as long as she can remember. Helen seems nice. Strong, but nice.

"You used to be really pretty, huh?" Helen finally says.

Again, it's not what Nicole had been expecting, so the honest answer flies out of her mouth before she can think of anything evasive to put her off. "Yes. Very."

"What did the doctors say? Can they put your face and ears back to the way they were?"

Nicole shakes her head. "I don't want them to."

Helen frowns. "No offense, but whyever not?"

"That's my business," says Nicole, starting to feel a little annoyed at this woman's bluntness. It's one thing to be concerned about her son's welfare; it's a whole other thing to impose her opinions on Nicole about her looks while she's sitting here with a broken arm and ribs, the bruises still green and yellow on her face. This woman has nerve.

Helen shrugs, not at all offended apparently by Nicole shutting her down. "I guess it is your business. But if you want to have anything done to ... you know ... make things right, you should let me know."

"Why? Are you a plastic surgeon?"

Helen snorts. "Ha, that's a good one. No, I'm just a lawyer. But I know some surgeons. Good ones."

"No thanks. I appreciate the offer, but I'm happy the way I am."

"Why do I have a hard time believing that?"

Nicole shrugs. "Because I'm really ugly? I don't know."

Helen smiles big and laughs. "You're funny. I wasn't expecting that answer."

Nicole grins back, unable to stop herself. "Now we're even."

"Sorry. I'm an up-front kind of person. I'm sure Brian warned you."

"No, actually, he didn't. All he told me was that you're beautiful."

Helen smiles indulgently. "Well, at least I've got that going for me. So anyway, how long are you staying?"

"Just a few days."

Helen's eyebrow goes up. "Oh, really? Why not longer? Is Brian kicking you out?"

"No, not at all. It's just ... I don't want to intrude on your lives here or take advantage of him."

Helen rolls her eyes. "If I were you I'd be more worried about telling him you're leaving than taking advantage of anything." Helen crosses her legs.

A niggle of fear rises up inside Nicole and burns in her stomach. "What do you mean?"

"I'm just saying, I think he likes having you here. He was very adamant about you staying. It's not often that he puts his foot down, but he did this time. It was kind of exciting really. That's why I came in. I had to see what had gotten into him."

"I'm not ... he's not my keeper." Nicole's blood pressure is rising as she wonders if she's someone else's prisoner now. Out of the frying pan and into the fire? Please, God, no...

Helen leans forward, her voice softening. "Is that why you suddenly look so panicked? I didn't mean it like that. Brian's house isn't a prison. He's not your jail keeper. He's just a really nice guy who's decided he's going to take care of a girl he found suffering. It's no small thing, but it's not that he's a psycho or anything. Nothing like the guy who you were with before, if that's what you're worried about. Brian would never lay a hand on you, that I know for a fact. He's not built like that. He's as gentle as a lamb unless someone tries to hurt someone he loves. Then look out ... all bets are off."

"If he's so nice, why did you divorce him?" Nicole squeezes her own fingers into knots as she waits for the truth to come out. Brian's skeletons are about to come dancing out of the closet, and she's both happy and sad about it. It might have been nice to live with the fantasy that he can do no wrong for a little while longer, but she knows in the end it'll be better if she knows the worst parts of him first. She's done with fantasies and living with wishes and might-have-beens.

Helen rests her elbows on her knees and her hands on her chin. "Why are we divorced ?... Well ... that's kind of a hard question to answer. He's a really nice guy, there's no arguing that. And he's great in bed, so that was no excuse to leave. It's just ..." She sighs heavily as she sits back in her chair. "I guess the best way to describe it is that he's a homebody and I'm a traveler. I like theater, and opera, and vacations in far-flung locations. He likes going to baseball games, watching movies on video, and ordering in pizza and wings once a week. We're just too different to be anything but great friends. I know it sounds weird, but it works. We co-parent Liam and work around each other's schedules. He's a great dad. I couldn't have found a better one for my baby, that's for sure. But the two of us are never getting back together, if that's what you're worried about. We're just too different. It's been a year since we signed the papers and I've never once regretted it."

Running footsteps are once again coming up the front walk. Nicole feels rushed to find out more about Brian, the man who's designated himself as her savior and apparently someone who can do no wrong in Helen's eyes. She hasn't said anything negative about him as far as Nicole's concerned, and Nicole has never been one for the theater or opera herself.

It really has nothing to do with what Helen just said, but there's one more unanswered question Nicole has in her mind, and Helen might be the only one who can answer it. Nicole rushes to ask it, before Liam makes it into the house. "Why is he being so nice to me?"

"Well, that's the million dollar question, isn't it?" asks Helen. She finishes her thought about one second before her son bursts into the room hauling a gigantic remote-control truck. "I'm guessing it has something to do with his sister."

Chapter Twenty-Nine

BRIAN CARRIES IN HIS SON'S small suitcase and the four large bags of clothes and other items Helen purchased during her week with Liam. He never says it out loud, but he notices that she tends to try and make up for the fact that she can't be there all the time by shopping the poor kid to death. Liam already has more toys than he knows what to do with, but Helen never lets that stop her.

Brian walks into the living room as Liam is presenting his truck to Nicole for her admiration.

"See, this thing here is called a roller bar. It's for when it tips over so it doesn't crush the people inside."

"It's a roll bar, not a roller bar," says Brian. "That's a pretty big truck. You sure you can handle that?" He sets the bags down in the middle of the room.

Liam rolls his eyes. "I've been practicing for days and days and days, Dad. You'll see. I'll show you guys. Come on," he says, looking at Nicole, "you can come out on the driveway and watch me."

Brian notices the panic on Nicole's face and hurries to make her feel better. "Maybe later you can show me, Li-Li. But right now, Briana needs to rest and stay inside. See? She has a broken arm, so the doctor says no sun. No going outside at all."

"No sun?" Liam screws up his face as he stares at Nicole's arm. "That's silly. Does the sun melt her cast or something? Cuz a kid in my class named Dalton had a cast and he went in the sun all the time and it didn't melt even a little bit." He looks to his dad for a response.

"What's in the bags?" Brian asks, his main goal to distract his son from the twenty questions he senses coming. His son is like a little bulldog sometimes, the way he locks his jaws on something and won't let it go. The only thing that's ever worked to keep the kid on a smooth track is redirection.

The distractor technique works. Liam puts his truck on the coffee table and dances over to the closest bag. "I got lots-a stuff. But first of all, presents! Mommy says I get to be like Santa Claus today!" He reaches inside and pulls out a baseball, tossing it clumsily to his father.

Brian catches it just before it falls onto the glass top of the coffee table. "What's this for?"

"Mom says I needed to give you a ball so that when I sneak it from you, it's not the really important one we caught at the game." He smiles vaguely at Brian, glancing a couple times nervously over at Nicole.

Brian nods at Helen. "Good thinking. Where should I keep it, Li-Li?"

"Put it on your dresser and put the other one up high. Mom says you need to remove it from tentation."

"Temptation," corrects Helen. "It tempts you, so it's called temptation."

"Tentation. That's what I said." Liam reaches into the bag again. "And this!" he says, pulling something pink out, "is for Briana!" He walks over and holds it out to her, his arm going up in a jerky movement. "Here. It's for you. Go ahead and take it."

Nicole reaches up slowly and accepts the gift, staring at it and then at Liam. "What is it?"

"It's called a boo-boo bunny. You put ice in it and when you have a boo boo, you put the bunny on it. That makes it feel better."

Nicole swallows several times in a row, turning the bunny over and pulling out the pocket a little, looking at where the ice pack goes. It's like she's moving in slow motion the way her fingers very carefully slide over the soft material.

Helen speaks up, saving Brian from having to try and fill up the awkward silence with something goofy. "Liam was worried about you. He wanted to get something to make you feel better."

Nicole's lips press together into a thin line. "Thank you, Liam," she says, getting abruptly to her feet. "That was very sweet of you." The last words get caught in her throat as she rushes from the room. The door to her bedroom closes softly behind her.

Liam and Helen watch her go, and Brian gets on his feet.

"Did I make her cry?" Liam asks, sounding like he's ready to bawl himself.

Brian grabs his son in a huge hug, lifting him off his feet so he can bury his face in the boy's little neck. Kissing him several times, he responds, "Those are happy tears, baby. Happy tears."

Liam's voice comes out muffled, his face pushed into in his dad's shirt. "They looked like sad ones to me."

"Sometimes happy ones look like sad ones," Brian says, kissing him once more before putting him down on the ground and nudging him towards his mom. "Go give your momma a love while I go check on Nic ... Briana."

"Who's Nicbriana?"

Brian's halfway down the hallway when he hears Helen's response. "Anyone ever tell you that you talk too much?"

Chapter Thirty

NICOLE IS SITTING ON THE bed holding the gift in her hand when Brian walks in, shutting the door softly behind him.

"Hey," he says, taking the spot next to her. "What's going on?"

"I'm so sorry. I just ..." She struggles to maintain her cool. "I was surprised, and then I saw this, and ... it was just a little overwhelming." She looks at Brian, feeling terrible about her reaction. "Did I upset him a lot? I'm really sorry. He's such a sweet boy." The idea of making Brian's child sad or afraid is too awful to bear. The happiness he had practically glowing out of him over giving gifts was like watching a miracle or something; the joy was palpable. But then she had to go and ruin it with her inability to let go of the past. When? When will I be able to heal?

"Nah, don't worry about it. He's already moved on to something else. That's the great thing about kids his age ... short attention spans."

She tries to smile at him, grateful for his attempts at making her feel better, but still not fully able to manage her emotional swings. She's getting whiplash from the ups and downs, the sharp jerking back and forth from joy to despair.

"Is there any particular reason why this thing set you off? Or was it just Liam being nice that did it?"

Nicole looks down at it and forces herself to relax. He doesn't really want to know the answer to that question, so she gives him the easy way out. "Just him being nice."

"Why don't I believe you?" he asks, reaching over and taking the bunny from her.

She stares at the thing in his hand for what feels like a long time before she answers. "Maybe because I'm not ready to tell you certain things about my life, and I'm not very good at hiding that."

He nods slowly, still staring at the toy. "Yeah, that's probably it." He looks up at her, causing her to meet his eyes. "When do you think you'll be able to do that? Share with me, I mean."

She looks deeply into his eyes, searching for something, some clue that he means to take the information she shares and hurt her with it. As usual, those things aren't there. It's like he's asking because he really cares and wants to help. The problem is, she has a hard time allowing herself to be that vulnerable. Right now, the name of the game is still survival.

She rests her hand lightly on his forearm and breaks eye contact with him. "I don't know if I ever will. I'm sorry if that sounds really cold."

"Can you just tell me why? Is it because you don't trust me or you're trying to forget or what?"

She sighs, trying to figure out the answer to that question. It's so complicated coming up with something easy that will fit into a nice description like that. "I'm not sure. I guess I don't totally trust anyone at this point, even though you've been nothing but trustworthy towards me." She looks at the carpet, too embarrassed to look at him. "And things happened that are shameful to me. Things that make me wish I could scrub parts of my brain clean so the memory will be forever gone."

"I understand what you're saying, but you know, I kind of think those memories have to stay."

She looks up quickly at him, surprised at his response. "What?"

"Yeah." He scratches his head, forgetting he has the bunny in his hand. Pulling it away, he frowns at it and continues speaking. "It's like ... everything that happened to you, all those terrible things that I hope someday you'll tell me about, they're part of who you are now. They make up the scars that are on your heart. If you rip them off, try to make them disappear, you'll just cause more damage in the end. Scars are your body's way of healing, making that damaged part stronger than it ever was before the pain."

"That's pretty poetic." She says, not sure she agrees.

"You like it?" He's smiling.

"Maybe. I'm not sure I agree, but I guess it doesn't matter."

He takes her hand and weaves his fingers through hers, the bunny abandoned in his lap. "I guess I just want you to know that I like how you are, scars included. There's nothing you can say that will change that."

"How can you be so sure?" she says, unable to put any decent volume to the words. Memories assail her mind of another pink bunny.

"Because, I know who I am. That's just me."

"Just you." He acts like that's such a simple thing, when in reality, it's everything. It's the dream she never dared dream. The fantasy she never dared entertain. It cannot be possible that Brian really exists like this as a human being.

"Yeah. That's what I say. Just me."

"I don't understand." The ability to express herself has abandoned her. She feels like half her brain has gone on vacation, leaving just the parts that will keep her alive and conversing on a very basic level. All these emotions and memories and wishes are getting tangled into a mass of confusion. A headache moves in to take over her focus.

"I guess I'll just have to keep working to help you understand. In the meantime, we'll just breathe in and out, eat, sleep, maybe kiss a little and eventually it'll all work out."

She smiles sadly. "You don't want to kiss me." She wants to cry with how much she wishes he really did.

"I'm willing to prove it right here and now." He turns slightly on the bed to face her.

Her hand comes up to rest on his chest as she battles tears. "I don't think I could manage that right now. Just ... leave me be."

He reaches up and strokes the side of her face. "For now, I can do that. But later? Maybe I'll be able to convince you to take a walk on the wild side."

"I'm pretty sure I've had enough of the wild side to last me for a lifetime."

"Okay, then. We'll call it taking a vacation from the wild side."

"What about Liam? And Helen? Aren't they going to think that's really ... twisted? That you'd want to kiss a person who looks like me?"

"They know me and they love me. They'll trust whatever I do is the right thing for me and my son. You don't need to worry about them."

"But Liam's so young ... how will he even be able to deal with me being here for a few days? It's going to be really upsetting for him. And if he sees John out on the street, he could say something and then ..." She can't finish. The idea is too horrible to imagine.

"Helen talked to him. She didn't give him all the details, but he understands that someone hurt you and that we can't talk about it outside the house."

"He asked me to go outside," Nicole says in a soft voice. "To watch him with his truck."

"Yeah. He's six. He forgets stuff or maybe he didn't get that part. But we'll handle it. He's used to playing inside, and I can take him to the park during the week to help him blow off steam. You can just stay inside and rest and work on my books."

"Slavedriver, huh?" The grin is back, playing along her lips. She so wants to stop talking about depressing things for once in her life. She's spent years living in darkness; the light is dangerously attractive right now. She wants to believe that a six-year-old boy can keep her secret and remain safe, even with John right around the corner.

"Oh, yeah. Absolutely. I plan on cracking the whip regularly."

"I like doing it. It keeps my mind off things."

"Good," he says standing, holding out his hand. "Then it's a win-win."

"Where are we going?" she asks, taking his hand and standing slowly, mindful of the pain.

"Back out there so Liam can finish playing Santa Claus. Then we'll have dinner and relax for a while before bed. Sound good?" He steps closer to her once she's upright and takes her in a very gentle hug. "You're going to be fine, you know."

"I know," she says against his chest, almost believing it herself. "I have a boo-boo bunny now, so I'm good." Saying it isn't as painful as she expected it to be.

"That's right." He rubs her back up and down, slowly, taking the pain away.

Nicole wishes she could stay right here exactly like this for the rest of her life, but the sound of the doorbell ringing comes through the bedroom door. Nicole stiffens as she realizes that it means there's someone outside wanting to come in. "Who is that?" she whispers, all of a sudden feeling very panicky.

Brian pulls away, his expression serious. "I don't know. I'll go see. You stay here and lock the door."

Nicole watches his broad, muscular back as he leaves the room, following to lock up behind him. The panic has set in deep, in record time, bringing her from serene, happy, and hopeful to freaking out in a matter of seconds. Placing her ear against the wood, she tries to pick up clues as to who is there at the front door. Please, don't let it be John!

Chapter Thirty-One

HELEN'S ON HER WAY TO the door when Brian bursts out of the hallway.

"Helen!" he says, trying not to yell too loud, but needing to stop her before she opens the door to who knows what.

She stops at the door and turns around. "What?"

Brian waves his hands frantically back and forth. "Don't!" he whisper-yells. "It could be him!"

"Him who?" asks Liam, looking from one parent to the other.

"Take Liam into his room," Brian says, sweeping him up into his arms and handing him over to his mother.

Helen glares at him as she takes their child from Brian. "We need to talk about this."

Brian nods. "Later. Go."

"But I want my truck!" whines Liam as they leave the room, his hand outstretched towards the radio-controlled monstrosity on the table.

Brian glances at it and then the hallway, making sure they're around the corner before opening up the door. He turns the deadbolt and takes the handle, twisting it open to reveal their surprise visitor.

"Oh, good, I got the right house."

Brian's heart stops beating. The opening scene of his worst nightmare is playing out right here, right this moment on his front door step. He finds his voice a few seconds later and his heart begins thumping again, only now at twice its normal speed. "Yeah, this is me. What's up?"

"Mind if I come in?"

Brian can tell John is trying to act cool, but the guy's eyes are darting around the space behind Brian like he's searching the place.

"Sure, for a minute. I'm in the middle of doing my books, though, so I can't stop for more than a minute or two or I'll never get them done."

John steps into the front hall, his smile not reaching his eyes. "I won't stay long. I just wanted to drop this by for ya." He holds up a half a sheet of paper with lines on it.

Brian takes it and stares at the figures. "The bill for the window."

"Yeah. I got it fixed pretty cheap. If you just want to write a check or give me cash, that'd be cool. We'll call it done, no harm, no foul."

The last thing Brian wants to do is leave this guy in the front hall, but he also doesn't want to give him an excuse to come back again. Getting him paid is the smartest thing to do and the best way to keep Nicole safe from his prying eyes and ham-sized fists.

"Hang on a sec and I'll get you a check." Brian leaves John in the foyer and walks swiftly over to his desk. He scrambles around, looking for the checkbook.

"So, where's your boy?" John asks. He's in the family room now, looking around, his eyes taking in every detail.

"He's playing in his bedroom." Brian's freaking out. Nicole organized his stuff and now he has no idea where the checkbook is. It used to be in the pile of papers, but she's gone through all of them and filed them away, leaving the desktop mostly clear. He pulls out drawers and scrabbles through the things inside, hoping to see the faux leather cover before John gets any bolder.

John moves towards the hallway.

Brian's head jerks up. "I'm having a hard time finding the checkbook."

"Oh, take your time." John waves at him casually as he looks down the hallway. "I've got all day. Sunday's supposed to be a day of rest, right? I'm just chillin' at home, watching TV."

Brian stares at him for a couple more seconds, afraid to take his eyes off him for a second. The guy looks ready to start opening doors, and he knows he's full of shit. No way is John hanging out at his house. The police are too interested in finding him and asking him questions about the woman they found nearly dead on his living room floor.

"Hey, mind if I use your bathroom?" John asks.

Brian's heart leaps into his throat. He's opening his mouth to say something, when he hears a door open. The blood drains out of his face as he pictures Nicole walking down the hallway and leaving the house with John.

"Hi," says Helen's voice, coming to the end of the hallway. She holds out her hand when she's in front of John. "My name is Helen. And you are ...?"

John's face is split by a wide grin. "Hi, Helen. I'm John, your neighbor."

Brian knows this expression on Helen's face. Strangers would take it as a confident, not-very-engaged smile. He knows better. She's ready to eat John for lunch, and not in a good way. "Not my neighbor. I don't live here. I'm just here dropping our son off."

"Oh, so you're not ..." He looks over at Brian. "You guys aren't married?"

"Not anymore." Helen moves into the family room. "Brian, the toilet's backed up again and I'm not plunging. I thought you talked to Liam about using all that toilet paper."

"Uhhh ... I did. Like ten times. Don't worry about it, I'll take care of it." Brian looks at John. "Sorry about that. Looks like the bathroom is out of commission. The one in the master is all torn up with remodeling, so for now I guess we're without facilities. Tell you what ... I'll just drop a check by your place tomorrow. I can leave it with your wife or put it in your mailbox ...?" Brian's proud of himself that he remembered to act like he expected Nicole to be there. Throw him off the scent.

"Yeah, that works. Just put it in the box. Make it payable to John Arnold." He spells out the name and Brian goes back to the desk to write it on an envelope he finds in a slot on the desk.

Brian walks to the front door, trying to drop a big fat hint. "Okay, it was nice seeing you again. Sorry about the window and all the hassle with getting it fixed."

"Eh, don't worry about it. Shit happens, right? Kids do crazy stuff all the time."

"Yeah." Brian shakes John's hand, trying not to feel ill over the fact that he's touching the man who hurt Nicole so badly. It's ironic how he wants to punish the guy with more abuse. It makes him think that there's a part of him that's just as violent as John. But it is what it is. If Brian somehow gets the chance to take an eye for an eye, he just might do it.

"Take care." John walks out the door, looking back over his shoulder. "See you around, Helen."

Helen mumbles just behind Brian, softly so their visitor won't hear it. "Not in this lifetime."

Brian shuts the door and breathes out a long sigh of relief, running his hand through his hair. "That was f**ked up," he says, his blood pressure through the roof.

"We need to get the police involved, Brian. You know that."

"Yes, I do. I just need a little more time to convince Nicole."

"Well, get it done. I can't let Liam be around that guy. He's poison." She puts her hands on her upper arms and rubs them up and down. "Did you feel it when he was in here? He's like giving off demon vibes or something."

Brian takes her in a hug, rubbing her back to try and make her feel better. "I keep wondering if I'm just being a chick thinking that stuff about him. I know what you mean."

"You are very in touch with your feminine side," she says, chuckling.

A noise at the end of the hallway interrupts his next comment. Nicole is standing there, looking stricken.

Chapter Thirty-Two

SEEING BRIAN AND HELEN STANDING there like that, embracing with that look on their faces, tells Nicole everything she needs to know about them. They're still in love. They should be together.

Sadness weighs like a heavy quilt across her shoulders, as she's reminded with painful clarity how hope can be a dangerously insidious thing. It slides into a person's life and makes her believe things that aren't true, causes her to start changing her plans and dreaming of crazy futures, and then before she knows it, she's all upside down when reality comes calling again.

Nicole's original plan to leave in three days stretched to a week and then into a full-time job. Hope made her think it could all be possible, that she could have something of a future here. But there's no way she can stay in this house when she's interfering with Brian and Helen getting back together. They have a son together, a sweet one who buys boo-boo bunnies for monsters with broken bones. And Nicole knows she has nothing to offer any man, let alone one as amazing as Brian. She's just too far gone from the girl she used to be.

"Come on in, he's gone," says Brian, detaching himself from Helen and walking over to her.

Nicole moves quickly into the room and towards the couch to keep him from getting too close. "What did he want? Was he here to look for me?" On top of her former hopes and dreams swirling down the drain, now she's also suffering the panic of knowing she's being hunted. There's nothing quite like being prey to keep a girl on her toes.

"I think so." Brian sighs. "I'm sorry about that. He's gone now, though, and he has no reason to come back. I told him I'd mail him a check or drop it by his house."

"He wanted to come through the house, though," says Helen. "He tried to use the bathroom."

"Thanks for that, by the way," Brian says to her. "Good call on the plunger thing."

Helen shrugs. "What can I say? I was inspired by the plumbing I had to do with Liam at the house this week." She looks over at Nicole, her expression going serious. "I already talked to Brian about this, and I know he says he's going to discuss it with you, but I can't wait for him to ease you into it."

Brian starts to cut her off. "Helen, I don't think ..."

"...Yeah, I know you don't. But I do. Nicole, you need to report what happened to the police."

Nicole freezes in the middle of moving papers around on Brian's desk. Panic takes hold as her face burns a dark, hot red. Run! Run!

"I'm .. I'm sorry ... but I can't." Nicole looks around the room, wishing she could take off out the front door and never come back. She hates that she's stuck here, even if it's only for a short while. She feels out of control and, in a way, bullied with Helen standing here saying these things. It's none of this woman's business what happened to her or what John might have done. It's Nicole's private shame to deal with, not this stranger's. Helen is just trying to help, but what she doesn't get is that she's asking Nicole to surrender herself to the enemy, and that's something she'll never do.

"Tell us why," Helen insists. "I want to understand. We both do."

"You can't understand. I'm sorry." Nicole turns around and starts walking towards the hall, passing by Brian.

Helen turns her attention to her ex-husband. "I told you before, Brian. You need to report this to the police and have him arrested."

"I know what you told me, Helen," Brian's voice rises, his anger on display for the whole house to hear, "and I told you that I'd handle it my way. I don't appreciate you interfering and trying to intimidate Nicole into doing something she's not ready to do."

Nicole's heart soars as she walks down the hallway and reaches the bedroom. She's never had anyone stick up for her before and it makes her feel valuable. Worth something. Important.

"I'm not trying to intimidate anyone. I'm trying to help!" Helen's voice follows Brian down the hall.

"Well help with something else!" he yells back, reaching Nicole and putting his hand on her elbow. She stops with her hand on the doorknob.

"I need to lie down, Brian."

"Just wait one minute. Please?"

She turns to face him.

He puts his hands on her cheeks and stares deeply into her eyes. "Listen to me. You don't need to do anything that you don't want to do, okay? We're on your time schedule, not Helen's, not mine, and definitely not John's, okay?"

The bottomless pool of tears that lies within her offers up some more, and they spill over onto his fingers. She can only nod, words too painful to push past the lump in her throat.

"You know how I feel about it. Now you know how Helen feels about it. You know how everyone at the hospital felt about it, and I'll bet you know how John feels about it too. But we'll do it when and if you're ever ready. Not before. Got me?"

She nods again, relief filling her heart and love blooming like a summer rose. Leaving is going to be so painful.

"Go take a nap if you want and I'll put some dinner together for us."

"More pizza?" she says, trying to move past the ache with a lame attempt at a joke.

"Nope. Spaghetti. You game?"

"I'm game," she says, letting go of her panic and anger over the police issue. Everything is going to work out one way or another; there's no point in panicking or deciding right at this second what needs to be done.

He leans in and gives her a quick, friendly peck on the cheek. "Good. Sweet dreams. I'll come wake you up in an hour."

Nicole doesn't bother looking back at Helen to see how she's reacting to all this. Helen has first claim to this family, and Nicole isn't interested in fighting her for it. It's no contest; the girl with the pretty face and the child will win every time over a monster. Nicole figures she's better off focusing her time and attention on moving on with her life, somewhere else, alone.

In the room, she lies down on the bed and stares at the ceiling, trying to figure out how long she'll have to work for Brian before she has enough to leave. Car, savings, food ... it seems so overwhelming. She falls asleep trying to put it all together.

Chapter Thirty-Three

BRIAN IS OUT MOWING HIS lawn the next day when Agnes comes over for a chat. She's carrying an ice-cold glass of tea with mint leaves floating in it. The outside of the glass is covered in condensation.

"Hello, there, neighbor," she says, giving him a big flash of her denture-smile. "You look like you could use a cold drink."

Brian shuts off the mower and wipes his forehead with the back of his forearm. "Just don't get too close. I'm sweating up a storm over here." He reaches his hand out gratefully for the tea, once again reminded of how much he loves living on this street.

"I have to admit, I'm not just here to keep you hydrated," she says, handing him the glass. "I was hoping while you were out here mowing you could run across my front lawn too. Willard isn't feeling so good these days and it's just a little too hot for me. I'd be happy to pay you."

"Nonsense. I'd be happy to do it. You can pay me in tea." He raises the glass to her before taking a long pull from it. "Mmmm, that's delicious. What's your secret, Agnes?"

Agnes starts to answer him, but then she stops, staring at the house.

"Agnes?" Brian waits for her to come back to Earth, smiling at her bemused look.

She shakes her head like she's trying clear it before answering "Is there someone in your house right now? I thought I saw Liam getting on the bus this morning."

It's over eighty degrees and Brian's been pushing the mower for a half hour, but his entire body goes cold at her question. "Um, no. It's just me in there today."

"But I just saw someone pushing the blinds to the side." She frowns for a moment and then her face goes pink. "Oh my goodness, I'm sorry. Look at me being so nosy! I'm happy for you, Brian. Truly happy for you. I hate to see you alone all the time."

"What?"

"Well, you know. You're young, employed doing beautiful work, and you're a great father. I knew it was only a matter of time before another pretty girl caught your eye." Agnes's eyes practically sparkle at the idea.

"No, Agnes, you've got it all wrong. It's not like that."

"If you say so," she says, walking back towards her house. "I'd love to meet her some day when you're ready to introduce her." She waves over her shoulder as she crosses the property line and passes around the bushes that separate their front yards.

Brian finishes the tea and walks over to the porch, putting the glass down so he can finish the job. His mind remains occupied as he finishes the work of mowing his and Agnes's lawns and then edges them with the trimmer.

He not only has to keep Nicole hidden from John, he also has to keep the nosiest lady in town from finding out about her. As Brian is sweeping up the clippings and bagging them up, he considers letting Agnes in on his big secret. It's possible she could be helpful, keeping an eye on the house when he can't be there.

The idea of leaving Nicole alone makes him physically ill. He wants to be able to watch over her every second of the day until she's ready to stand on her own two feet, but he has deliveries to make, furniture to pick up, and groceries to buy among other things. Having Agnes keeping watch might be the solution to the problem.

As if on cue, she comes out on her front porch, waving some money at him. "Brian, now you've gone above and beyond, so I'm going to pay you."

"No, Agnes, sorry, I can't let you do that."

"Nonsense. You put in a hard day's work and you should be paid for it."

"How about a trade?" he asks, leaning on his push-broom with both hands.

Agnes lifts her eyebrow as she walks up. "Well that sounds intriguing. What did you have in mind? I can cook a heck of a tuna casserole, you know. Can I interest you in one of those, maybe?"

"That does sound delicious, but no, I had something else in mind."

"Let's hear it then. I'm all ears."

"I was wondering if you could just keep an eye on the house ... on anyone coming over when I'm not around."

Agnes says nothing at first. She searches Brian's face, maybe looking for an explanation, but he's not going to give her one no matter how many casseroles she offers.

"I suppose I could do that," she finally says. "Any particular person you want me to be on the lookout for? Someone you don't want coming around?"

Brian weighs the pros and cons of giving her more information. If she knew exactly who to look for, she could be more effective. But then again, she could go all vigilante granny on the guy and clue him in on the fact that nobody wants him nosing around Brian's house. He'd know why. John's a predator, and Brian figures they all have that kind of sixth sense about their prey.

"No, just ... people in general. I like my privacy, and I have some valuable antiques in the shop these days."

Agnes nods. "Consider your house on the top of my list."

Brian smiles. "You have a list?"

"Of course I have a list. I'm a one-woman neighborhood watch. I have responsibilities, and my mind's not what it used to be. I've invested in the company that makes those sticky notes."

Chuckling, Brian goes back to pushing grass clippings into a pile. "Thanks, Agnes. I appreciate the help."

"Likewise," she says.

When Brian looks back over his shoulder at her, he finds her staring at his kitchen window again. Following her gaze, he notices the blinds are closed but a corner section is turned back, like someone inside has been looking around them and forgot to push them back in place. He wonders how long it might take to convince Nicole to come out and enjoy the world a little bit.

Chapter Thirty-Four

NICOLE FINDS HERSELF IN FRONT of the windows more and more often. At first it was enough to peek through the tiny holes where the small strings are threaded through the blinds, to see pin-prick pictures of the lawn and the road outside the house. But soon that felt like just a tease. She needed to see more. Her first attempt at really seeing anything came at night, after Brian had long fallen asleep.

Another nightmare about John finding her in the garage brings her to her feet tonight, and with no desire to drop back into the same visions, Nicole wanders out into the living room to kill some time. The window beckons her. There's a whole world waiting out here, it says. Why can't you be a part of it?

Brian's the one who got her thinking this crazy stuff. She tried to convince herself that the world isn't for her, that there are too many monsters waiting to attack her in it; but the idea of once again being a part of society is too tempting to ignore, to force out of her head. It's alluring enough that she wants to take a peek at what's outside.

She can no longer see the harm in looking out from the darkness into the midnight blue night. So that's what she does. Several times now. She even steps out into the back yard from time to time when the moon is high and the stars are sparkling in the night sky. Sometimes she sits there for almost an hour, wondering where she fits into the big picture, trying to see her future. And all the while, Brian and Liam sleep on with their pleasant dreams, oblivious to the voices of her inner demons.

Tonight she moves into the kitchen, thinking a glass of water might help distract her from her thoughts. As she stands at the sink, the window in front of her takes on an almost human quality. They can be friends, her and the window. It can keep the bad people from looking in, but if she wants, it can let her peek out so she can be a voyeur of the world.

Who will know? It's too early for anyone to be awake. She's done it several times now and all she's ever seen is a cat or a dog or the old lady next door having a cup of coffee. The woman never looks over, though, allowing Nicole to be almost invisible. She pictures what the inside of the woman's house might be like. She assumes there will be a lot of crocheted doilies for some reason.

Her hand lifts almost of its own accord. Before she can stop herself, she's grabbing the bottom of the cord for the blinds and pulling it down. As she brings it closer and closer to the sink, the thin metal slats rise from the bottom, stacking one on the other to reveal the glass behind. One goes up against the other and then the next. Slowly but surely, more and more of the front porch and lawn is revealed.

Nicole's heart is racing and her blood is rushing through her veins. John could come by any minute and see her. He could drive by in his truck and glance over, or decide to take a jog on this street instead of his own and then it would be all over. Her temporary reprieve from his world would end.

She talks to herself to calm down, so she can enjoy this brief moment of what feels like freedom. He's sound asleep. He's not out looking for you in the middle of the night. Don't be ridiculous.

A movement out of the corner of the window catches her eye. The crashing pain of a panic attack seizes her as she realizes it's a person standing there on the boarder of the lawn. John!

She yanks on the chord to try and put the blinds back down, but they go up instead, revealing more of her face. She panics, dropping down onto her knees in the kitchen. "Ohmygod, ohmygod, ohmygod!" she whispers desperately to herself as her eyes dart around the room. She spots the knife block on the counter and crawls over to grab a sharp weapon, to arm herself for a fight to the death because that's what it's going to take to get her to leave here alive.

A few breathless moments later, a tapping comes at the front door.

Nicole bites the meaty part of her thumb to keep from screaming. The fact that her worst nightmare is coming to life just as she's awakened from it in sleep is enough to make her go crazy. Maybe she won't be charged with murder when she stabs him in the heart. Maybe they can call it temporary insanity. Whatever happens, though, she cannot get Brian or Liam involved. She has to end it quickly and do it herself.

The tapping comes again. It's delicate. Hesitant. It's so un-John-like, it's confusing.

"Hello?"

That's not John's voice. Is he with someone? I only saw one person. Nicole slowly rises into a crouched position, moving towards the front door just on the other side of the kitchen. Maybe it's Helen. But why would Helen sneak around like this?

"It's me, Agnes. Your next door neighbor. I saw you in the window. Just wanted to drop by and see if you'd like some coffee. I have a fresh cup of French roast in the pot."

Nicole frowns as she looks over at the clock. It's five in the morning and this lady wants to have coffee?

"I've seen you looking outside and sitting in the back yard," Agnes continues in a soft voice. "I'd love to share some coffee and chat. I promise I don't bite."

Nicole's heart aches with the desire to open the door, to act like a normal person and invite this old lady in for the coffee she so badly wants to have. But there's just no way. This woman could never be prepared to deal with the nightmare that Nicole represents. It would shatter her world. Old people should be allowed to go to their graves without something this heavy weighing on their minds.

But Agnes is apparently a very persistent lady when it comes to sharing coffee. Silence does not dissuade her in the least. "You don't need to worry about me, you know. I've been watching the street for you and Brian. Maybe if you tell me who I'm looking for, though, I can do a better job of it."

Nicole stands and puts the knife on the counter, suddenly desperate to know how this woman knows anything about her or her situation. She can't imagine that Brian has told the woman her secrets, but she has to find out. Trusting him to hide her secrets has taken everything she has inside her. Maybe Nicole's looking for the one reason not to do that anymore, but she doesn't stop to think about her motivations. She just walks over to the door and opens it a crack.

The woman has gray hair, and this morning it looks a little less coiffed than normal. She's got a long-sleeved white blouse and green linen pants on. But the best part of the whole get-up is the pink Crocs with orange socks on underneath.

"Nice to meet you," the woman says, practically glowing with hospitality. She puts her hand out. "I'm Agnes, the neighborhood busybody."

Nicole doesn't open the door any farther. "Hi," she says, still trying to figure out what this woman's deal is.

Agnes lowers her hand. "I'm just going to run over to grab a second cup. Shall I meet you in the back yard?"

Nicole can't bring herself to answer. She shuts the door without a sound. Her throat burns with the tears she won't let fall. This is no time to fall apart. It's just a lonely woman looking for a coffee buddy.

As Agnes walks away and her footsteps cause one of the boards to creak, Nicole frets. Biting her lip, she considers all the fallout that could occur after having a coffee with Agnes out back. John could be sneaking around and then he'd see her. Or the woman could go tell John that she's here. Or Brian could get mad at her for showing her face around his house. Or the entire world could blow up in a nuclear disaster making all of this a moot point.

Her feet walk her body to the back door as her mind comes up with more and more ridiculous reasons not to go outside. If only the call of the outdoors and the grass and the trees and that stupid French roast weren't so much more compelling than her fears. Her hand drifts down to the knob and unlocks the door before twisting the handle. Am I completely insane? She's going to have a heart attack when she sees my face.

The woman isn't there. Nicole steps outside as the sun is coming up and setting the sky aglow. It's too beautiful to miss, so she closes the door behind her, turning her face to the light and closing her eyes. She wonders if maybe when she leaves she can find a cabin at the top of a mountain so she can feel this sunlight at dawn and at sunset. She can't think of a more peaceful way to live, especially considering how much she has to leave behind. It's going to take a lot of nature's miracles to help her move through that part of her plan.

"There you are," says a warm voice from off to the side. The back gate is swinging closed behind Agnes as she walks carefully, trying not to spill two cups of coffee. Her footsteps are as sure as they can be in crocks on wet, lumpy grass. She glances up at Nicole only for a moment before going back to focusing on the hot drinks. "I was afraid you were going to make me drink both cups. My husband Willard would not appreciate that, believe me."

She stops at the bottom stair, looking up at Nicole. "Gorgeous isn't it?"

Nicole isn't sure what she's talking about, but it can't possibly be her face.

"What?"

"The sunrise." Agnes holds up the cup of coffee. "I make sure to see it every day. You never know when it's going to be your last one. At my age, it's important to appreciate the little things like the sun always rising in the east. So far it's never let me down."

Nicole gives up on her fear because at this point it feels ridiculous. She takes the cup, bringing it to her nose so she can inhale the rich steam. "I know what you mean." She looks over at the skyline again as she takes a sip.

Agnes sits down on the top step, facing out into the backyard. "Brian does such a nice job with the landscaping. I wish my Willard would get off his duff and do the same." She sighs. "Where there's hope, there's possibility, right?"

She turns and looks at Nicole, a kind expression on her face and questions behind her eyes.

"I don't know," Nicole says, taking another sip of her drink and looking off at the sun again. "Wishing can bring false hope and then what does that get you?"

"Temporary happiness? A little rest from the storm?" Agnes offers.

Nicole looks down at the woman, wondering what she's getting at. "Thanks for the coffee."

"You're welcome. Thanks for coming out and sharing it with me. If I have more than two cups I'm a mess to deal with, and if I don't have someone to share the pot, I end up having three. I don't know what my problem is, but I have a hard time throwing away something so good. Seems a waste."

Nicole is reading all kinds of things into what Agnes is saying, but the woman isn't giving any indication that she means them for anything but face value. Nicole gives up on trying to figure out if the woman has any ulterior motives and sits down on the other side of the stairs, just a couple feet away.

"So what's your name, if you don't mind me asking?"

"It's Briana." Nicole isn't sure if she should go with the sister-ruse, so she leaves it at that.

"Briana. That's a nice name. Similar to Brian's isn't it?"

Nicole doesn't answer; it sounds like a hypothetical question. She gets the distinct impression that this woman is way sharper than she's given her credit for.

"Well, you know I'm Agnes, and maybe sometime you'll meet my husband Willard. He sticks to the house most days, unless he gets it in his mind to wander. He does that sometimes, so if you ever see him strolling down the street, you let me know. I don't want to lose the poor man."

"Why does he wander?" She wonders if Willard is a prisoner in his home like she is, but finds it doubtful that a woman as nice as this one seems to be would do that.

"He has dementia. Sometimes he forgets where he lives or how to get home. I take him out for walks and drives in the car from time to time, but the farther we go the more distressed he seems to get over it. I think at some point I'm going to have to just live with the fact that he's going to be a shut-in."

"I know how he feels." Nicole spills the words before she can stop herself.

"How's that? You have dementia, sweetie? You seem a little young for that."

Nicole smiles without humor. "No, I don't have dementia."

"So why do you feel like you need to be a shut-in?" Agnes asks. When Nicole looks at her she adds, "If you don't mind me asking..."

Nicole does mind her asking, but not enough to be mean and say so. Instead, she shrugs. "I don't have much of a choice."

Agnes chuckles. "Don't you hate when it feels like that's true?"

Nicole scowls down into her cup before taking another sip. When she can speak again, she says, "For some people it is. One person's truth is another person's joke."

Agnes puts her hand on Nicole's knee, her bony fingers surprisingly warm. "Sweetie, no one's making jokes here. I hope you know that. Sometimes saying something silly just helps ease tension. It's nothing more than that."

Nicole tries to smile at her, to reassure her, but it's too difficult. Her lips tremble and she gives up, turning her attention back to the trees at the far end of the yard. Their beauty is lost on her right now. All she can see is the ugliness of her life. Her future without Brian, without Liam, and now without this nice old lady with seriously delicious coffee.

"Where are you from originally?" Agnes asks, looking out into the yard.

"Not far from here. I grew up in the area."

"Is that so? So did I. Maybe we've been neighbors before."

Nicole's heart spasms. She's been Agnes's neighbor for years, if you count the fact that they lived one street over from one another. "Maybe." Nicole keeps her tone noncommittal. Hopefully Agnes will let it go at that.

"Brian asked me the other day to keep an eye on the house," Agnes says, looking up at Nicole.

Nicole deliberately refuses to look back at Agnes, pretending she can't see her with her peripheral vision. "He has a lot of valuable antiques he works on." Nicole can see the list of inventory in her mind. She's been over it ten times, trying to stay busy, trying to help him be more efficient and relaxed.

"I'd say his reason involves something more valuable to him than those antiques." She takes a sip of her coffee. "But heck, what do I know. I'm just a silly woman who gets crazy ideas in her head. That's what my husband always liked to say before he lost his noodle."

Nicole stands up, not prepared to hear the rest of what Agnes has to say. "Thanks for the coffee. I have to go in now."

Agnes doesn't move. "I'm next door if you need me. I've been told I'm a good listener."

"Thanks." Nicole doesn't want to say anything else. So many thoughts are tumbling around in her mind, it's liable to be something rude. And she doesn't want to be impolite to this lady. To Agnes. She's just trying to be nice.

Nicole steps into the house and shuts the door behind her. Watching through the curtains, she sees Agnes get up and leave the backyard the same way she came in, not looking back. It's only then that Nicole looks down and sees that she forgot to give Agnes her coffee mug back.

Chapter Thirty-Five

"YOU'RE UP EARLY," BRIAN SAYS, seeing Nicole in the kitchen as he emerges from the hallway. "Nightmares again?"

Nicole shrugs. "Yeah. What's new, right?"

"Is that my cup?" he asks, looking at the bright red coffee mug in her hand, trying to figure out how his cabinet of mis-matched white ones has somehow given birth to one the color of a fire engine. "Or maybe I'm just losing it." He rubs his eyes and looks again. Nope. Still red. Still not mine.

"Agnes brought it over. With coffee in it. For me."

Brian's heart does a flip and he stops in his tracks. "What? How is that possible?"

Nicole sighs. "I guess she's caught me looking out the windows before, and she caught me doing it again today. So she came over and knocked on the door."

Brian stares at Nicole, trying to read her expression. "Are you mad about that?"

"Honestly, I'm not sure what to feel at this point. Part of me is angry at myself for exposing my face that way, and another part of me enjoyed sitting out there with her and having coffee like a normal person would."

Brian closes the distance between them, putting his arms around her and drawing her into a gentle hug. "You are a normal person. How many times do I have to say that? There's nothing wrong with you, Nicole. Nothing. I wish you'd agree to have some therapy so you could get this all straight in your head."

"Let's not talk about that again." She rests her head on his shoulder, her casted arm between them and the other dangling at her side. "I'll go when I'm ready, but now's not the time."

"I think at this point not talking about things is a bad idea. You can't pretend like nothing happened. It's not healthy."

Nicole doesn't respond.

"I asked Agnes to keep an eye on the house. It's my fault she saw you. She's probably been focusing on us way more than normal because of it."

"She told me you did that. She also said she didn't think it was because of the antiques in here, either."

Brian sighs, still not sure if telling Agnes to ramp up her neighborhood watch activities was a good idea. "She's too smart for me. She reminds me of my grandmother."

"Was she nosy too?"

"No. She was as sharp as a tack, though. I could never get away with anything around her. She called me a little devil until the day she died about five years ago."

"You're not a devil, you're an angel. An angel of mercy and a guardian angel all rolled into one."

Brian pulls away, looking down at her. He wants her to know this about him; for some reason it seems really important. "I'm no angel, Nicole. Believe me. I'm just a guy." Guilt rises up in him. He has the strongest urge to confess something that he's not even sure makes sense. Being attracted to a woman shouldn't be something to feel guilty about, but that doesn't stop him from feeling like a bad guy over it.

Why does everything have to be so damn complicated? Why can't I just tell her what I'm thinking? He knows the answer, and because he doesn't want to screw things up, he lets her guide the situation. Being upfront and open about how he feels will just make her run. Right now all she needs or wants is a friend, so that's what he's going to be.

Nicole frowns. "Why do you say it like that? Do you have some dark past or something?"

Brian shakes his head. "No, nothing like that. It's just ..." He backs away, running his fingers through his messy, sleep-tussled hair. "... Uh, can I just walk away right now? Plead the fifth?"

She reaches out and grabs the t-shirt he threw on after getting out of bed. "No. No fair walking away when you're about to tell me your deepest darkest secrets. You know most of mine."

"Most of them? You mean there's more?" He smiles big, meaning it as a joke, but when her face falls and tears well up in her eyes, he knows he's pushed a dangerous button.

She backs away, bumping into the counter as she looks off into the distance and then at the floor. She's trying to rein herself in; he recognizes the expression on her face.

"Come sit with me on the couch," Brian says, holding out a hand. "I promise, I won't bite."

Nicole gives him a sad smile. "That's what Agnes said."

"I'm pretty sure she's telling the truth," Brian says, trying to cheer her up by being goofy again. "At least, she's never bitten me."

Nicole puts her hand out and takes his, allowing him to lead her over to the family room where they sit next to each other on the couch.

"Listen, Nicole, I know you have a lot going on inside your head, but I want you to know that no matter what it is, you can tell me about it. I'm not going to judge you."

Her smile doesn't reach her eyes. She's staring at the coffee table, and Brian gets the distinct impression that she's not totally there in the room with him. She's remembering something.

"That's easy to say before you know the facts," she mumbles.

"No, it's easy to say because I know how I feel about you. No matter what you did or saw or whatever, it was all a part of your survival over there. Human beings will do outrageous things when faced with death. I know that every day you were there, death was always hanging around. Like the Grim Reaper was hanging out in your front hall closet."

Her voice comes out hollow-sounding. "The Grim Reaper was sleeping in the bedroom upstairs."

"Exactly. That's my point. Whatever happened, it's not your fault."

"I feel like I could have left. Like I could have prevented ... things from happening."

"But something kept you there. What was it? Can you tell me? Do you even know?"

Nicole's gaze drops to her lap where her fingers are busy twisting themselves into knots. "Yes, I know. First it was one thing, then it was another."

"Can you tell me?"

"I'd rather not." The words barely make it out.

"Why? You don't trust me enough yet?"

Nicole sits for a long time without saying anything. When she finally does, it nearly breaks his heart how sad she sounds. Her voice is barely above a whisper. "I trust you. I do, even though it seems crazy to do it. The problem is, I'm afraid if I say it out loud, I won't be able to handle it. That it will suddenly be so real that I lose my mind."

Brian moves closer and puts his arm around her shoulders, drawing her up against him. "You are a strong woman who lived through multiple tragedies at the hands of an evil man. You can handle anything. You hear me? Anything."

"Some things are too much," she says, pushing away from him and standing up. "Too much." She leaves the room and goes into her bedroom, shutting the door behind her without another word.

Brian sits on the couch and replays the conversation in his mind, wondering what on earth could possibly be so bad that she can't even tell herself.

Chapter Thirty-Six

NICOLE LOOKS AT HER BEDSIDE clock. Five in the morning again? What the hell is wrong with me? Why can't I sleep in for once? She knows the answer. The plans she's making are filling her head, demanding attention, demanding that she fill in the details. And some of those details scare the living crap out of her.

It's the reason she keeps having that nightmare. John finding her when she's trying to hide. Kitten. The picture. It's all wrapped up in one big ugly fear that nearly paralyzes her. But she can't let it win. She can't let it keep her from doing what she needs to do. First get over there and do what needs to be done, and then take off into the sunset. Find a place, settle in, start a new life. Easy as one, two, three! Yeah, right.

She gets up and puts her clothes on, wondering if Agnes might be out again today. A cup of that French roast sounds really good about now. She takes the red mug from the cabinet and goes to the back door, wondering if maybe she can peek over the fence that divides their yards and get the woman's attention. Perhaps the ruse of returning a mug will get her another sip of the warm caffeine-filled goodness.

She almost has a heart attack at seeing the figure on Brian's back porch steps. Only when she notices the ugly rubber shoes does she realize it's Brian's neighbor again. Not John. Thank God.

"Hi," Nicole says, slowly pushing the door open. She feels shy and silly, like a desperate little kid hoping for attention from an adult. But it doesn't stop her from leaving the safety of the house and stepping out into the yard.

"Good morning," replies Agnes, good cheer in her voice. "How'd you sleep?"

"Terrible. How about you?" Nicole sits on the step next to Agnes, making sure to be far enough away that they won't touch arms.

Agnes chuckles. "I slept like a baby. For about two hours."

"That's not very long."

"Well, there was more sleeping going on after those two hours, but they weren't nearly as restful. I have to sleep with one eye open when Willard's in one of his moods."

"He has moods?"

"Yep. Never did before. He was always a happy-go-lucky guy. For fifty years, steady as a rock. Then the last couple years as his condition's gotten worse, he's turned into a cranky old cuss."

"That must be hard." Nicole pictures Brian changing into something like that and it makes her sad for Agnes. She must be a strong person to stay happy through all of it.

"Look at my manners. Care for a cup?" She lifts up a thermos of what Nicole hopes is coffee.

"I was going to give you your mug back." Nicole holds it out, accepting some of the rich dark liquid being poured out, its steam and scent rising up to get Nicole's mouth watering.

"You can keep it. I have a hundred of 'em or so. They had a sale one year at the year-round Christmas store and I went a little nuts. I always had this fantasy of a big holiday party where everyone would sit around in matching red mugs drinking spiced cider and singing Christmas carols."

"Did you have the party?"

"Nope. Never did." Agnes stares off into the yard.

Nicole watches her and then takes a sip of her drink. It's just as delicious as the last cup. "I love this coffee. What kind is it?"

"Oh, that's my special blend. My daughter sends it to me from Colombia."

"Colombia? Your daughter is all the way down there?"

"Yes, she is if you can believe that. Married a Colombian man as a matter of fact."

"Do you visit?"

"Nope. Wish I could, but I have Willard here. He can't travel anymore."

"Oh. That's too bad." Nicole wonders if Agnes feels like a prisoner. It makes her feel like she's almost talking to a kindred spirit.

"Yep, it's inconvenient, but we see her once a year when she comes back home. This year it'll be Christmas time."

"Maybe you'll be able to use the mugs."

Agnes holds up her mug like she's going to make a toast. Nicole raises hers and touches the sides of them, making a soft clinking noise.

"Here's to a roomful of matching mugs filled with spiced cider," Agnes proposes.

"And carols sung by the fire," Nicole adds.

"I'll drink to that," Agnes says, raising the cup to her lips.

A few moments of silence pass by before Agnes speaks again. "So how long are you planning on staying?"

Nicole's thrown off by the woman's question. How does she know I'm leaving at all?

She answers, only because she's curious what the woman will come up with next. "I'm not sure."

"I guess you have a lot of plans to make."

Nicole shrugs, not wanting Agnes to know how close she is to reading Nicole's mind. "I have some."

"You have a place to go?"

"Not yet."

"Money? A job?"

"I'm working on it." Nicole is starting to feel trapped. Pushed into a corner. It makes her want to go inside and say screw the coffee and the red Christmas mugs for a party that never happened.

"This woman who I used to go to church with works at a non-profit organization. They help women and kids get back on their feet after they've had troubles, get a place to stay and a job. Somewhere safe." She takes a sip of her coffee, acting like she didn't just say something that's sending Nicole's heart and mind into a spiral of confusion and hope and pain and fear.

"Really?" is all Nicole can manage.

"Yep. They have funding from a lot of big companies around town and from the government too. Grants and things. She told me about all the people they've helped. Seems like they do good work."

"That's nice." Nicole's hands are trembling. She grips her coffee mug hard to make them stop. "That they'd do that for strangers."

"Yes. Maybe. I mean, I don't see it as people helping strangers."

"What do you see it as?"

"I see it as people helping people who can't help themselves at a particular moment in their lives. We all have times that we fall down and hit the dirt. Sometimes it's just harder to get up than others. That's where they come in. Helping hands I guess you could call it."

Nicole nods, thinking about that. Agnes makes it sound so normal, to check out of life and give up, to stay in John's house and suffer the abuse for another week, another month, another year. Just like falling down and having a hard time getting up. Yeah, right. Wouldn't you like to believe that.

Nicole snorts in disgust at herself.

"What? You don't agree?" Agnes turns to face her.

"No." Nicole stares into her cup. "It's one thing to fall down in the dirt. It's another to lie down in it and refuse to get up."

"The point is, you do get up. You got up. You're up." She smiles and nudges Nicole's leg. "Right?"

Nicole wants to smile. She really does. But her face will only twitch. "I got up because someone picked me up, not because I did it on my own."

"Pish posh. Up is up. Doesn't matter how you got there. Besides, doesn't it feel glorious to know that someone cares enough to do the heavy lifting?" She sighs loudly and dramatically. "Oh to be young again and have a strong, handsome Galahad to come by and sweep me off my feet." She looks at Nicole and smiles. "You're such a lucky girl."

Lucky is the very last word in the English language Nicole would have used to describe herself a month ago, but now that Agnes mentions it, it's impossible to deny how much it applies today. "Are you talking about Brian?"

"Of course I'm talking about Brian. Do you see any other Galahads around these parts?" She sweeps her arm out towards the yard.

The smile won't stay away now. Nicole feels her face turning pink with it. "It's not like that with him."

"Fiddlesticks. That boy is ripe for the picking. What's stopping you?"

Nicole's smile fades. "I would think that's fairly obvious."

Agnes stands. "You know, there's a reason why certain expressions never go away and endure the test of time. It's because they're as real today as they were a hundred years ago."

"What expressions?" Nicole asks, confused.

"Love is blind." Agnes reaches out a hand and strokes Nicole's cheek. "Love sees inside the person. It doesn't stop at the surface. That stuff is all just window dressing, anyway. It says nothing about what you're really getting. If a man loves you when you look your worst, you know he's a keeper. They're a rare breed, too, so I don't recommend walking away from it easily." Agnes steps down to the yard and begins to make her way over the bumpy grass to the gate. "I'll keep my eyes peeled for intruders in the neighborhood. See you tomorrow?"

"Thanks, Agnes," Nicole says, almost absently. "See you tomorrow." She walks into the house with a lot on her mind. The woman is nuts to suggest that Brian could see beyond the surface of her damaged self to the person within. And even if he did, it wouldn't matter. She's just as ugly inside as she is outside. She knows that redemption will not come in the form of unconditional love for her. It will come with time and isolation and making one last wrong right before she leaves this earth. A seed of a plan slips into her mind and begins to grow.

Chapter Thirty-Seven

BRIAN KEEPS A CLOSE EYE on Nicole. He wants to get her to talk, to tell him which of her memories or thoughts are torturing her into silence and continued nightmares, but every signal she's sending is telling him to leave it alone. So he does.

Instead, he focuses on giving her affection as much as he can without smothering her, trying to convince her that she's valuable and important to him and Liam, and showing her that she's welcome here in his home for as long as she wants to be there. And he also keeps an eye on the neighborhood. He's only ever seen John once, and that was when the guy was washing his truck out in his driveway. Brian drove past like he didn't even notice him, but a glance in his rearview mirror told him that John had recognized his face. That was the last time he went that direction to do a delivery.

"What's this?" Nicole asks, holding up a piece of paper.

Brian glances at it, recognizing the logo at the top of the sheet. "It's a receipt."

"I can see that. But it doesn't have a job reference on it. I don't know which job to attach it to."

"It's not for any of my existing jobs." He moves into the kitchen, acting like he's suddenly very hungry and has to get something to eat that's very deep in the fridge. He dives in up to his shoulders, this mystery food he must have buried in some unknown location.

"What do you mean?" She's followed him into the kitchen and is standing behind him. "Is it for an old job?"

"Yeah. Sure. Whatever. Just put it off to the side." He moves three jars of mustard over to the right. He has no idea why there are three jars of a condiment he rarely uses. He begins pulling them out and a bunch of other jars that could possibly have botulism spores growing in them, placing them all on the counter next to the fridge.

"What are you looking for? Maybe I can help you find it."

"A snack." Confident that she's been distracted enough to risk no longer refrigerating his head, he backs out and stands up, opening the freezer next. He shuffles things around, hoping she'll go back to her work.

"Do you remember which job it is?"

"Nope." He takes a popsicle out of a box he finds buried in the back and grabs the old jars of crap from the fridge. Walking around the kitchen, he makes a big show out of throwing them and the popsicle wrapper in the garbage. Even though the can is only half-full, he takes the bag out and walks to the door that leads to the garage where the bins are kept.

"Are you running away from me?" Nicole asks, like she's not sure she believes it.

"What? No. Don't be silly."

She's waiting for him as he steps back into the kitchen, her good arm folded over the one in the cast. "Time to confess. Why are you being so evasive?"

He leans in and kisses her on the forehead. That's usually enough to get her flustered, but this time it doesn't work; he can tell by the look on her face. "There's nothing to confess. It's just a personal project that doesn't need to be on the books. It's fine. Just set it off to the side." He walks past her and into the living room. His first plan was to sit on the couch and go through some woodworking magazines he just got in the mail, but when he realizes she's not quite done with him, he veers off to the right and heads to his bedroom.

"Brian ..."

"Be right back," he says, shutting his bedroom door behind him. He can't keep the smile off his face. She won't be mad at him when she sees what he's doing, but he can't let her know what it is until he's done. That would spoil the surprise. He whips off his shirt, deciding that a shower would be a great way to stall and get rid of the sticky sweat he built up in his shop. He's not expecting the door to fly open as he's unzipping his pants.

"I know you're hiding ..." Her words trail off into nothing as she stands there staring.

He stops what he's doing, not sure how to react to her catching him with his pants nearly down.

"Uhhh ... uhhhh ..." Her face is hot pink. The paper in her hand slips out, fluttering to the floor.

He makes a split second decision and walks over to get it, bending down and snatching it up. Crumpling it into a ball, he tosses it towards his bathroom. There's a trashcan in there that'll be the perfect hiding place. Now all he has to do is get rid of her so she won't come in and fish it out.

"Did you need something?" he asks, lifting a brow. He's hardcore flirting right now, but he can't seem to stop himself. Every moment of every day he's been with her, he's controlled himself, gone really slow, let her decide what happens and how it happens. He wants her to feel like she's in control because she is. But that's not what he's thinking at this particular moment. Right now he wants to push the limits a little. Something about her curves is making him feel reckless.

"No. I mean, yes ... I mean ... no." She bites her lip and looks at him with an expression of desperate shyness.

"Which is it, Nicole?" he asks, moving in closer. "Yes or no?"

"I can't," she blurts out.

He reaches up very slowly and puts his hands on her upper arms, rubbing them up and down. "You can't what? Need something? Want something? What?"

"I can't do this," she says, her words coming out with heavy breaths.

He can't help but smile. She's not afraid, he's almost sure of it. She's just nervous over the heat building between them. The chemistry is real, he's not imagining it. She senses it too; it's in her eyes and the way her body is leaning towards him, even while she says she can't.

He pulls her gently towards him, making sure to give her plenty of opportunity to pull away if that's what she wants. "Well, whatever you need it must be pretty bad for you to come in here and try to catch me naked."

Her mouth quirks up in a smile, her equilibrium restored. "I wasn't doing that." She play-slaps him on the chest. "Go away, I have work to do."

"Okay, one kiss and I'll let you go."

She bites her lip again, maybe to keep the smile from getting bigger. "How about no kiss and you let me go?"

"No deal." He closes his eyes and puckers up big, pausing only once to deliver his offer. "One kiss, all on you, then I let you go. See?" He waits, not expecting her to go along with it, but doing it anyway. It's fun playing with her like this.

He feels her body shifting as she leans forward and goes up on her toes. He's not expecting the warmth on his mouth until it's already there.

She probably meant for it to only be a peck, but he leans into the kiss, taking more. At first he meets resistance, so he backs off a little and there's air between them again. But then he opens his eyes and sees her there, sees the longing in her expression, and moves forward again. His arms move up to encircle her back and his lips come down to meet hers.

It reminds him of a first kiss from his youth. Shy. Tentative. Gentle. All the urges and sexual drive are held back in favor of learning this art, this delicate operation of getting to know a woman's mouth. Her lips are soft, the scars not detectable with either his lips or his tongue. A small sound escapes her, a whimper almost, and it only encourages him to go deeper.

She meets his tongue with hers and it makes him go hard under his jeans. It's only when she begins to melt into him that he realizes she's trembling all over.

He backs away. "Don't be scared," he says in a low voice. "I won't hurt you, Nicole, you know that right?"

She searches his face and then moves, taking a large step back towards the door. "I know. I know you won't. But I can't do this." She spins around and runs out of the room, slamming the door to her bedroom closed behind her.

"Fuck!" Brian grinds out, his anger reserved entirely for himself. He pushed her too far, too fast. He stands there staring at the hallway and the profile view he has of her door. He could go over there and knock, ask for her forgiveness, but then in the end he doesn't. Because he's not sorry that he kissed her back, and he's not sorry that he wants her. He's just sorry that she thinks it's not possible.

Chapter Thirty-Eight

TWO WEEKS GO BY IN relative harmony, the awkwardness over the kiss and the subject of why Nicole can't forgive herself left to fade away for now.

The question of forgiveness comes out to haunt her every night, but at least it seems to have left Brian alone. He hasn't asked about it since and she's avoided any hint of it in their conversations about the weather, meals, and Liam.

Brian's business is running smoothly, and all of his books are completely computerized. Nicole has even taken a few hours over several days to train him to use the software. He's a great student, only having to be told the same thing twice on occasion. Nicole suspects he was greatly exaggerating his need for an assistant, but her need for the paycheck keeps her from arguing the point.

"You have to come over here and learn the functions on this spreadsheet I made for you, just in case you mess them up and need to rebuild them," she says, feeling a little bit like a nag. It's not the first time she's had to cajole him into getting involved in his books.

"But why do I have to learn it when I have you?" he says, resting on his back on the couch, looking over at her as she sits at the desk. He's on break in between sanding and varnishing a desk in his shop. He works weekdays and weekends as the spirit moves him, but always finishes when he says he will.

"Because I'm not going to be here forever," she says, tallying up the hours she's worked so he can pay her. She gets the money in cash and keeps it in under the bed in a hand-made wooden box he gave her - the project that the mysterious invoice was supposed to be attached to.

So far she has almost a thousand dollars saved. It's not enough for an apartment, but it's good enough for bus fare and some clothing. Maybe after another month she'll have what she needs to be on her way. The idea makes her sad, but so does pretty much anything involved with not being around Brian and Liam anymore. She's gotten way too attached to the dynamic duo.

"Where are you going?" asks Liam, walking into the room. He stops in front of Nicole, searching her face. He no longer flinches or has expressions that speak of being uncomfortable when he looks at her. It has given her immense hope to know that a person can look past her outward ugliness to the girl inside, the one she's trying very hard to build up and make confident again.

She reaches out and takes his small hands in hers. "I can't stay here forever, Liam. I have to move out, get my own place."

"But why?" he asks, shifting to sit in her lap. Once he found out he could convince her to read to him whenever he asked, her lap became his favorite place to be, book in hand or not.

"Because. This is your house and Daddy's house, not mine."

"So? You can still stay, right, Dad?"

"Yep. Briana can stay as long as she wants."

"Yeah, like forever and ever, right?" Liam clarifies.

"Yes, like forever and ever." Brian rolls over on his side and gives Nicole his best puppy-dog eyes. "Come on, stay. Why would you want to leave all this?" he asks, spreading one arm out above him, gesturing to the modest living room.

She smiles sadly. He might be joking about not having the biggest or fanciest house, but she isn't laughing. This is the most beautiful, loving home she has ever known. Leaving is going to almost destroy her. That's why she's putting it off for as long as she can. She'll need to be very strong to walk away from all this love.

But staring at Brian, she's reminded how it won't be enough, to just be with him and see him every day without being closer. And she can't be closer with him, even if he were willing. There's Helen and Liam to think about, not to mention her face.

The ache in her chest is almost unbearable as she thinks about her decision to quit men forever and dedicate herself to the life of a hermit spinster. The one silver lining she's come up with out of this whole mess is that John did her a favor turning her into a monster; at least with a face like this, she won't be attracting any attention from the opposite sex. Or the same sex for that matter. She'll be left to her own devices, to a life of peace and serenity where violence has no place to take root.

Brian sits up on the couch. "I've been wanting to ask you ... do you feel like going camping? I've got the itch to hang out in the great outdoors for a few days, and Liam has a holiday coming up at school."

Liam jumps off Nicole's lap and starts dancing around and flapping his arms. "Camping! Camping! We wanna go camping!" Then he streaks out of the room and down the hallway, yelling the whole way.

"I'm going to take a wild guess and say he likes to camp," Nicole says.

"Just a little. What about you? Do you like to?"

"I've never been."

"You'd love it."

"I can't leave the house, Brian, you know that."

"Says who? Your arm's almost all better, so are your ribs ... your bruises are gone, and your lips are healed. You're good to go."

She shakes her head, proud that she's not crying over this conversation like she has so many of the others they've had. "It doesn't change the fact that I make people sick to their stomach just looking at me."

"Oh, come on, stop exaggerating. Your face isn't that bad at all."

"You're just blind." She turns back to the computer, not wanting to look at his beautiful face anymore. It's almost painful how gorgeous he is in comparison to her.

"I have perfect vision, I already told you that. And I was talking to Helen the other day and she was saying how with a little makeup she could make you feel better about going outside in public. We'll keep you in disguise until we're out of the neighborhood and then you can take off the wig and stuff when we're headed out of town. Come on, it'll be fun."

Another one of those annoying sparks of hope lights up in her chest. They come more and more often these days, and don't want to get snuffed out as easily as they used to. It's very frustrating, trying to stay unhappy and hopeless in this house with everything working against her. Not only does she have Brian's twenty-four/seven happiness and occasional chaste kisses on her cheek that warm her to her toes, she also has Liam hanging on her every word, Helen dropping by to help at odd times, and Agnes at the back door with that delicious coffee every morning. No one seems to want to leave her alone long enough to be lonely. It's the longest span of time she's lived where the days are full of light instead of darkness.

"I'd rather just stay here and work on the books."

"If you work those books any harder you're going to be crunching numbers I haven't even brought in yet. You'll get a brain cramp. Come on, let's just do a short little trip. Two days. We'll leave on Friday as soon as Liam's out of school. I know the perfect place, isolated out in the middle of the woods near a stream. I can fish, you can fish or read books, and Liam can get covered in dirt and mosquito bites. It'll be heaven."

The smile refuses to leave her face. "I'll think about it."

"That means yes." Brian jumps up off the couch and leaves the room before she can argue. A moment later she hears him rattling around in the hallway closet where she knows the camping gear is kept.

"It doesn't necessarily mean yes!" she yells, defeat lacing her voice. She wants it to mean yes, she just can't bring herself to say the words that will put her out in the public eye again. The idea is too terrifying to just walk right into it voluntarily. "I don't even like camping!" That part was a bold-face lie, but it seems justified.

She turns back to the desk and tries to focus on her work again, but she can't. Her mind wanders to a vision of the three of them sleeping in a tent together, Brian cooking over a fire, a refreshing hike in the woods. It all seems so magical, so unlike anything she's imagined herself doing in years.

She used to think she'd like camping, before John. Up until two seconds ago, she thought he'd taken that away from her right along with everything else, but somehow right now Brian is making it seem like it could be part of her new reality. Camping. Could I really go out and do that? Where people might see me?

A small sound next to her elbow distracts her from her thoughts. Liam is standing there, crestfallen, his lower lip trembling.

"What's the matter, Li-Li?" she says, unable to keep from lifting him up into her lap. His gangly legs and arms make it difficult, but he seems to need the effort.

"I'm sad."

"Why are you sad? You love camping."

"I'm sad because you don't love camping." He plays with the button on her shirt, one of the several Helen has brought over.

Nicole sighs. "Maybe I do like camping. I've just never been."

"My dad says you shouldn't decide if you like something or don't like something until you try it."

"Your dad is a very smart man."

Liam pauses for a long time and she just rubs his back while he works out whatever is bothering him. She's not expecting his next thoughts.

"Do you remember when I saw you the first time?" Liam asks, his voice tentative and searching.

Her heart stops beating for a moment and then hammers loudly as the fear creeps in. "Yes, I think so."

"When you were living with that mean man?"

She knows Brian hasn't told him anything about John, so this whole conversation is making her want to run and get Liam's dad. But she doesn't because she's afraid of upsetting Liam. Maybe it'll just play out fine and she won't have to figure out a way to explain physical violence between adults to this innocent angel.

She schools her tone to remain calm. "Yes, I remember."

"After I saw you, I came home and I didn't want to talk to anyone."

Nicole feels like crying, but doesn't. Liam shouldn't feel bad just for being honest. "I understand."

"I decided that I didn't like you right away, and that's bad boy stuff."

"I think that's normal. That's okay that you didn't like me." She hugs him to make him feel better about being afraid of a monster's face. He can hardly be blamed for that. She would have done the same thing at his age.

"It's not okay," he insists, squirming around until he's looking at her. "I didn't do what Daddy said. I didn't even try to know you first. That was mean."

The pieces start to fall into place for her. "Are you thinking about the camping thing right now?"

"Maybe..." He looks at her, his sad expression morphing into one a little on the sly side. "But you know after I learned about you and you read me some stories, I liked you. A lot. I like you a lot." He throws his arms around her neck and clings to her. "I love you, Briana."

Nicole frowns, only a little incredulous that he's this clever and sneaky, but forgiving him because he loves her. Despite her being a monster to look at, he says he loves her. His father's been pretty good at worming his way into her heart; maybe the apple hasn't fallen that far from the tree.

"Are you trying to con me into going camping?" She's working hard at keeping the smile away, but it's a losing battle. Her heart feels like it's going to explode with happiness.

He pulls away, his expression pure innocence. "What's con?"

"Trick. Are you trying to trick me?"

His eyes open wide. "Trick you? No, I'm not trying to trick you. You're a grownup."

She slides him off her lap and gives him a gentle spank on the rear. "You're pure trouble, you know that? Just like your daddy."

He jumps up and down a few times, like he has ants in his pants. "Does that mean you're gonna try camping before you hate it?"

The little bugger is impossible to keep down. She sighs in defeat. "I guess."

"Woo hoooo!! We're going camping!" yells Liam, skipping off down the hallway to tell his dad.

Chapter Thirty-Nine

BRIAN WORKS TO QUICKLY FINISH up a dining room table he agreed to deliver by Friday early afternoon so they can clear the decks for their camping trip. He comes out of the garage workshop to find Helen and Nicole in the living room, having a disagreement.

"What's going on?" he asks when he sees the look of frustration on Helen's face.

"I came by to help with Briana's makeup and she's giving me a hard time about it."

"I'm not giving you a hard time about it, I'm just saying that I think you're being unreasonable."

Helen looks at Brian and rolls her eyes. "She's insisting that no amount of make up will make a difference. I don't agree."

Brian shrugs. "What's the harm in trying? If you don't like it, you can take it off. I don't care either way. I just thought you'd be more comfortable trying to alter your appearance a little before we get out of town."

Nicole stares at him, her hands on her hips. "It's not going to make me pretty."

He frowns at her, wondering what her issue is. "Nicole, you're already pretty. That's not the point."

"That's exactly the point!" she says loudly before storming off to her room.

"I don't know what you want from me," says Helen, sighing. "I thought I was helping, but apparently not."

"Just give me a minute, would ya?" He leaves Helen to her own devices and follows Nicole to her room. Knocking on the door softly, he turns the handle, not waiting for an invitation before going in. She's sitting on the edge of her bed with her back to the door. He walks into the room and closes the door almost all the way.

"Do you want to talk about this?"

"Yes."

He's taken aback, not expecting that answer at all. She always says no to talking about the deeper issues.

"Okay, good. So let's talk." He sits down next to her and takes her hand, pulling it into his lap. "What's going on?"

"You're trying to make me pretty."

"Nooo ... I'm trying to make you feel safe."

"You wish I was prettier."

Brian frowns. This is veering off on another track entirely, but he's not opposed to going there. He's just surprised she's doing it now, with Helen waiting in the other room.

"I never said that," Brian declares. "Nor have I hinted at it. If you recall, you had me nearly naked just a couple weeks ago and you had to beat me off with a stick."

She snorts. "Stop exaggerating."

"I'm not," he plays along, sensing teasing will work right now. "You can make me a mess in less than five seconds, whenever you want."

She goes silent.

He waits for her to speak, knowing she's wrestling with some very difficult issues.

"I want to tell you about my fears," she finally says.

"Great, because I want to hear them."

"I'm worried about getting too attached to you. To Liam and even to Helen. Agnes. All of you."

"Why? None of us are going to hurt you."

"Yes, you will. You won't mean to, but you will. When I go, it will hurt very much."

"So, don't go."

"You say that like it's so simple." She pulls her hand out of his lap and rests it in her own.

"It is simple. I want you to stay, my family wants you to stay, my favorite neighbor wants you to stay, and last but not least you want to stay. I know you do. So why not stay?"

"Because he's here!" she says, anguish making her voice ragged. "He's right here!"

Brian takes both her hands and drags them over to his lap. "But he doesn't have to be. You can report what he did to the police and they'll arrest him."

"No, they won't. They never do."

"What's that mean?"

"I left him once. I went to a shelter. He came and found me and they did nothing."

"Did they arrest him?"

"Yes. For a day. Then they let him out and he came back for me."

"That doesn't make sense. The cops don't just blow that stuff off anymore."

She yanks her hands away. "Oh, so I must just be imagining all of it."

"No, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that something happened in the middle of it to mess it up. Does he have friends on the force or something? He's not a cop is he?"

"No, he doesn't and he's not. He's in construction. He's just ... charming I guess."

"Well he can't charm himself out of it this time. If you report him, you have the hospital records and doctors' reports. I'll testify how I found you on the floor. We can make him go away, I know we can. And I'll move. I'm happy to move to keep you safe."

She looks at him. "You'd do that? Leave your pretty house and everything? Agnes, even?"

"Sure." He reaches up and strokes her cheek. "Why do you find that so hard to believe?"

"Because I'm a hideous monster who can hardly stand on her own two feet."

"That's not what I see. I see an incredibly strong woman who survived a concentration camp of torture to come out with her smile still intact and her will to live stronger than ever. You're a loving person and a great friend. I also would love to get in your pants, but that's not really relevant right now."

She laughs and cries at the same time, so he abandons trying to hold her hands and holds her upper body instead. "Come on, babe, don't cry."

"It's just not real," she sobs. "It's just not real."

"Of course it's real. See?" He pinches her gently on the ribs.

"Stop."

He pokes her in the ribs a little, trying to make her laugh. "See? All real. Me and you, sitting on this bed, me trying to pretend like I'm not trying to touch your boobs when I tickle you."

She pushes him away and backs up, staring at his face. "You're about to break my heart, you know that?"

All the teasing leaves his expression. "Why would you say that? I'm just trying to make you happy."

"But you're making me fall ... for you. Fall for you. I can't do that, Brian."

"Why not? I'm falling for you. Seems only fair."

Her face crumples and she drops back onto the bed, curling up on her side.

Brian pushes her over gently with his body and curls up next to her, spooning her as he wraps his arms around her. "Shhhh, please don't cry."

"Please stop saying you like me, then," she whispers.

"I can't," he says, his heart aching right along with hers. "I can't stop how I feel about you. I keep hoping if I'm honest with you, you'll stay."

"I can't," she whispers. "I just can't."

Brian doesn't respond. He just holds her close and waits for the tears to stop.

Chapter Forty

AN HOUR LATER AFTER SHE'S completely cried herself out and her tears are dried, Nicole emerges from the bedroom. Brian left for the family room thirty minutes before, telling her to shout out if she wanted him. The murmur of the television and people chatting gives her a sense of happy security as she walks down the hallway. When Helen sees her, she gets on her feet.

"I'm going to get going." Helen reaches behind her and takes her purse off the back of a nearby chair.

Nicole walks over to stand in front of Helen. "Please don't go. I want to apologize."

Helen turns back around, putting the bag over her shoulder. "No need. I know I pushed too hard. I'll step back and give you some space."

Nicole puts her hand on Helen's arm. "No, you didn't. I just took things the wrong way, and I shouldn't have. I'm too sensitive sometimes."

Helen's expression softens. "That's understandable."

Nicole smiles tentatively. "If you're still willing, I'd love a makeover."

"It's not a makeover."

"I know. But whatever it is, I'm ready for it."

Helen's eyes light up. "Okay, then. I've still got some time on my hands. Let's get this party started. Follow me." She leaves Nicole standing in the living room.

"Am I going to regret this?" she asks Brian.

He grins. "No comment. See you in an hour."

"An hour?" Nicole turns around slowly and walks down the hallway, following Helen's disappearing form into the bathroom. She's wondering if she's made a bad decision, but nothing will make her blow Helen off a second time. She's just trying to help, and Nicole knows she needs all the help she can get.

"Sit on the toilet," Helen orders, taking items out of her purse and lining them up on the counter. She kicks the door closed.

"What's all that?" Nicole asks, not recognizing the various tubes and compacts she sees there.

"Some foundation, concealer, blah, blah, blah. Don't worry, you're in good hands. I used to be in drama club in high school and college. I could turn you into a troll if I wanted to."

Nicole snorts. "All you need is some mascara and the work's already done."

Helen bends over and puts her hand under Nicole's chin. Staring her right in the eye, she says, "Stop saying mean things about yourself, right now. I'm not kidding. You're not a troll, you're not ugly, and you didn't deserve this life." She stands straight again as Nicole's eyes fill with tears. "And don't cry or you'll mess up my work."

Nicole takes some toilet paper from the roll. "That's easy for you to say. I cry at the drop of a hat."

"I think you cry less than you did two weeks ago."

"You think so?" Nicole dabs at the corners of her eyes, letting the paper wick the moisture away.

"I know so. Brian says so too. You're getting stronger. Maybe soon you'll get strong enough to put that piece of shit in jail."

"Maybe." For the first time Nicole begins to think it's a consideration. Maybe.

"I'm a lawyer as I'm sure Brian's told you, and I know some pretty damn good criminal attorneys who've got connections with the DA's office. This won't be ignored if you decide to press charges. Or when you decide to press charges." Helen gives her a stern look.

"I'll bet you're a great lawyer," Nicole says, picturing witnesses crumbling under this woman's intense gaze. She can be really intimidating when she wants to be.

Helen sighs as she puts a blob of flesh-colored foundation on a sponge and begins to wipe it over Nicole's face. "I am. But ... yeah. Whatever."

"Why whatever? Don't you like it?"

"Yes and no. I like knowing the law and of course I like the money ... but I guess I'm not that thrilled with the area of law I practice in."

"Oh. So you'd have to go back to school to change?"

"No. I'd just have to walk away from the income, basically."

"And you can't, huh?"

"Yes, actually I could. I don't go nuts with the shopping. I own my townhouse. I have savings. It's just ..." She shrugs.

"Is it because you think you can't do it?" Nicole can't picture Helen not being able to do anything. Brian's ex is one of the most capable women she's ever met.

"Maybe I'm afraid I'm not cut out for it."

"Cut out for what?"

"For taking care of people who need help."

Nicole looks up at Helen as she's using a brush on her cheeks. "I think you're really good at it."

Helen smiles absently. "I'll tell you what ... I sure can do make up."

"Am I gorgeous yet?" Nicole asks it as a joke, but Helen doesn't laugh.

"I will make you look a little different than you do normally, so that someone glancing over might not recognize you. But what I wish I could do is convince you to get plastic surgery so we can fix the underlying structure of your face. Put it back to the way it was before you met that f**kwad."

Nicole closes her eyes to help manage her emotions. "I don't want to do that."

The brush stops moving across her face. "Tell me why. Give me one good reason, and I'll stop bugging you about it."

"Promise?" Nicole asks, nearly breathless with the words that want to come out, the excuse she wants to share with Helen.

"I swear on my mother's grave, may she rest in peace."

Nicole mulls the words over in her head, trying to put them in the right order, trying to find ways to express the emotions that torture her day and night. She wants to unload this grief on someone, and no one in her life but Helen or maybe Agnes could understand. But even they probably won't. It's just too weird.

"Well, are you going to tell me or what?"

"Yes, I'm just trying to figure out how to say it."

"Say it simply. Like, I don't want to have plastic surgery because I've already had enough pain in my face. Or ... I don't want to do it because I'm worried I won't wake up from the anesthesia or ... whatever. Tell me."

"It's not that. It's not any of that."

Helen sighs loudly. "Well? Don't keep me in suspense."

"It's because ... if I look like I used to, then another man like John will come after me and I'll have to live that life all over again." She looks down at the floor, her heart aching with the idea that she has to be so ugly forever just to stay safe.

Helen goes still, her head cocking slightly. "You honestly believe that having a pretty face was somehow asking for a man to punch you until your bones caved in?"

Nicole feels inspired to explain herself. She's lived it, so she knows it's real. "Yes. It was for John, anyway. He was attracted to me by my face and then he'd get jealous of other men for looking at me because of my face and then he'd lose his temper." She shrugs. It's all so clear for her. One plus one plus one equals three.

Helen snorts with something like disgust in her tone. "Please. What you had is a psycho who fell for you because he sensed he could control you, and then he proceeded to do just that. It had nothing to do with your face. Domestic violence happens to women of all races, all backgrounds, and all levels of beauty. It wasn't your face. It was his demented mind."

Nicole looks up, the pressure in her heart easing just a little, but only because she's finally gotten that load off her chest. She doesn't believe she wasn't to blame for at least some of the violence. "He used to hold up a picture of me in the mirror and make me look at the before and after." She's not sure why she revealed that secret, but strangely enough, it's freeing. To have someone other than her living with that knowledge makes it a lighter burden.

Helen's nostrils flare and she swallows hard. "That's just cruel."

"He is the cruelest person I've ever known." It feels good to say that. To admit how awful he is. It makes her feel stronger for some reason.

"He deserves to be butt raped in jail, Nicole."

"You didn't call me Briana."

"Because that's not who you are. Stand up and take a look."

Nicole stares in the mirror, fascinated by what she sees. "You covered my scars."

"Yes. And I put some shadows on your cheeks and took some away. It's only temporary, but I can show you how to do it if you want."

"I'm not pretty."

"No, not so much on the outside, you're not. At least not your face. But on the inside, you're golden."

Nicole looks at Helen in the mirror. "Thanks for being honest."

"I don't know any other way to be. And I meant it earlier. I have friends who know people. I want you to take a stand against this violence and put him away. All you have to do is just say the word and I'll get that ball rolling."

"Thanks, Helen. I don't know if I can ever do that, but I appreciate your support. And your help with my face."

Helen pulls her into a hug and pats her back. "Anytime. Anything for the girl who shares so much love with my boy and my best friend."

Nicole's face turns pink and she looks at the ground as she's released from the embrace.

"What's wrong?" asks Helen. "Did I say something bad?"

"No ... It's just awkward, I guess."

"What's awkward?" Helen packs her purse up as she listens for an answer.

"That I'm in this house with the man you love."

"Pfft, please. He's not the man I love like that. He's my best friend, that's it. There's nothing else going on there, trust me."

"But ... you guys are so in love."

"No, we love each other, but we are not in love. I'm dating someone, Nicole. Didn't you know that?"

"No, I guess I didn't." Nicole's heart feels lighter, even though it probably shouldn't.

"Yep. He's even asked me to marry him, but for now I'm saying no. Don't tell Brian, though. He'll nag me into saying yes and I'm not ready."

"How come I didn't know any of this?" Nicole feels like dancing over the fact that Helen's in love with another man and Brian is happy about it. Her fantasy can live on now, with that tiny hope that maybe ... maybe ... he could someday like a girl like her. Maybe if her face isn't so ugly anymore. Helen's offer of help niggles at the back of her mind.

"Maybe because we've all been focused on getting you better." Helen leans in and kisses Nicole on the cheek. "You're better now, see?'' She points at the mirror. "I'll visit again when you get back from your trip. Talk to Brian about the police thing and the surgery thing too."

"I don't think I'm going to do either," says Nicole, following her out into the hallway.

"You're not going to do either what?" asks Brian, standing. "Whoa, look at you. Who is that lady standing in my living room?" He walks over and stares at Nicole's face. "You look different." He's frowning.

"Is that a bad thing?" she asks, her heart tickling her chest the way it's thumping away in its new crazy rhythm.

"Maybe. I kind of like you the way you really are better."

She shoves him away playfully. "Shut up."

"I'm serious." His attention is taken away by Helen walking towards the door. Brian reaches up an arm as she passes by, and Helen steps into the hug. "Thanks, Hel," he says. "See you soon?"

"Yes. When Liam gets home, tell him I'm sorry I couldn't stay. I have to get going."

"Hot date?"

"Hardly." Helen looks over at Nicole. "Remember ... prison, surgeon ... conversation..." She points to Brian and then back at her before leaving the room and going out the front door.

Silence reigns for about ten seconds before Brian turns to face Nicole. "Helen strikes again, huh?"

Nicole smiles hugely. "Yes. Helen definitely strikes again."

Chapter Forty-One

GETTING NICOLE INTO THE CAR and out of town is surprisingly easy. Maybe he shouldn't have been expecting the worst, but the entire event seems like a non-event now as they make their way to the mountain campsite that he's used for years. It's perfect for enjoying the outdoors in privacy.

He glances over at Nicole in the passenger seat next to him. She's smiling under her short brunette wig and small sunhat. Her eyes might be crinkling at the corners, too, but it's impossible to tell with the sunglasses she has on.

"It's so pretty up here," she says, sighing with what sounds like contentment.

"Yep. I love coming here to decompress. I do it several times a year, but usually not in winter."

"I like the river," says Liam, looking up from his coloring. "It's cold but I still swim in it. Daddy says I have merman jeans. But he's silly cuz mermans don't wear pants. They have fish tails so they have scales."

"Not jeans. Gene. Like in your DNA."

"I know. That's what I said. But I don't wear my jeans in the water, cuz that would make them all wet, and I don't like to have wet pants or wet underwear."

Nicole laughs softly, turning to look in the back seat. "Are you going to show me how you swim in the river, Liam?"

"Yep."

Brian looks in his rearview mirror at his son again. "We need to show this girl how to fish, Li-Li. She's never fished before."

Liam keeps coloring. "I'll show her how. But she has to bait her own hook. That's the rule."

Nicole faces Brian. "What do you fish with?"

"Worms."

She grimaces. "No, thank you. I'll just watch."

Brian smiles, knowing he'll be able to convince her to try. He'll bait her hook as long as she needs him to, rules be damned. He just has to explain to Liam that it's okay to bait hooks for girls and that it's not sexist to want to spare them the ickiness of it. The kid probably won't understand though; he thinks squirmy worms are fun to play with. Brian's had to dissuade him from putting worms in his pockets for years.

The pull-off to the campsite appears after the bend, and Brian turns the wheel slowly, careful not to rock the car too much. It has a roof box on top with all their camping things in it. The trunk of the SUV holds all their food and Liam's toys.

"Are we here?" Nicole asks.

"Not quite. We need to go up now."

"Up? Haven't we been going up for the last hour?"

"Yeah, but now we're going to go up-up." He downshifts as he gives her his most devious smile.

Five minutes later she's cringing in the seat, leaning over towards him. "Oh my god! It's a cliff!"

"Yep." Brian's grinning like a madman. This is his favorite part of the drive.

"Don't look so happy about it! If we fall we'll be pulverized!"

"But only if we fall," he says.

She looks over at him, desperation in her eyes. "You're an adrenaline junkie, aren't you?"

He laughs. "No, not a junkie, but I'm not just a spectator either."

"Spectator." She leans back in her seat, staring out the front windshield like she's suddenly forgotten her fears.

"Yeah, spectator. A person who views life but doesn't really live it."

"And driving on the edge of a cliff with no guardrail is what ... living life?"

"To the fullest, baby." He pats her leg.

"Both hands on the wheel!" she screeches, her fear returning full force.

"Here we go," Brian says, back to focusing on the drive. He turns left off the bigger road and up another steep hill, this one narrow, paved with dirt and rocks, and covered in bumpy tree roots.

"Are you sure we're allowed to go up here?" she asks, one arm on her door and the other on the console in front of her.

"It's a national park and it's open to the public. Don't worry, we're allowed."

At the top of the short hill is a flat area near the summit of the foothill they've been negotiating for the last fifteen minutes. Large evergreens shade part of the space while other areas are exposed to full sunlight. Brian pulls the car into a spot under a tree and shuts off the engine.

Getting out, he stands at the side of the truck and inhales deeply. "Mmmm ... do you smell that?"

"I do!" says Liam, tumbling out of the backseat. "It's called fresh air!"

"Yeah, and what's it called up here? That sound you're hearing?"

"That's called peace and quiet!" yells Liam, running off into the trees.

Brian is ready laugh at the irony of his son and the concept of quiet, but the sound of another car reaches his ear and causes him to pause for a second. In all the years he's been here, he can count on one hand the amount of times he's heard another person, and it's never been right after he's arrived.

Walking back down the road, he stops at the fork, looking up the road and one direction and then the other. A red pickup truck has passed by and is going farther up the mountain than they have.

Paranoid much? He shakes his head at himself. John isn't going to be up here of all places, and Brian made it a point to check his rearview mirror for the guy's black pick-up the entire way. John was never behind them, he made sure of it.

Brian walks back to the campsite fully prepared to have an awesome three days of fishing, cooking outdoors, and snuggling up with his roommate in the tent. He's been looking forward to the forced closeness for days, hoping Nicole won't tell him to go sleep with Liam.

She's standing at the back of the car, getting ready to unload the cooler.

"Here, let me get that," Brian says, rushing over to help her.

"No, I got this. You get the other one."

"You don't need to do any of this, Ni ... Briana. I'll do it all. You just find a pretty place to relax and let me take care of everything."

She leaves the cooler on the edge of the trunk and faces him. "You can't baby me all the time, you know."

"It's not babying, it's taking care of you. There's a difference."

"But I need to learn to take care of myself."

His feelings are hurt, but not in a way that makes him mad. He's more sad than anything, knowing what she's really saying. She keeps talking about leaving, and every time she does, it makes him feel empty inside. "You don't need to take care of yourself when you're with me. That's my job."

"It's not your job, Brian."

"But I want it to be my job." He didn't think about saying it before the words flew out, but he doesn't regret it. He never regrets speaking the truth.

They stand there face to face, a light breeze pushing strands of Nicole's hair over her eyes. Brian reaches up and moves them over with his finger. "I didn't bring you up here to pressure you or argue about chores. I just want you to enjoy this magical place with me and relax. Forget all your problems and your plans and all that junk for a few days and just be."

"I'm not sure it's in me to do all that," she says, sounding very sad.

"I think it is. Just try. That's all I ask."

"Okay, fine. But I'm still helping with the chores. I like doing it."

"All right, then, have at it," he says, backing up a little. "But I'm doing the cooking. I'm an expert camp cook and I enjoy doing it."

"Good, because without a stove and a pan, I'm clueless. We'd be eating potato chips for every meal if I were in charge."

Brian steps more fully out of the way so she can take the cooler out, but not so far that he can't jump in when needed to rescue her. There's no way she'll be able to do what she wants to do, he can already see the accident happening, but if she needs to go through the process to let him be the man he wants to be for her, then so be it.

She tries to lift the heavy, bulky box with her one good hand and her casted arm. It starts to fall when it's only one inch over the edge of the trunk.

He leaps over to save it before it hits the dirt, hoping in the back of his mind that the eggs have survived the banging around.

"How about you start with this," he says, grabbing a grocery sack filled with dry goods and handing it over the top of the cooler.

"Yeah, that might be better," she says, a wry grin on her face. "Sorry about that. Guess you were right."

"A kiss would make me stronger," Brian says, a split second later chastising himself for being such a goofball.

"What?" She's smiling. Maybe not all is lost.

"A kiss. Makes me stronger." He acts like the cooler is too heavy while sticking his cheek out in her direction.

She walks over and leans in, kissing him lightly on the cheek. "There. Now unload the car."

He grunts as he picks up the cooler and puts it on his shoulder to hide his smile. "Oh sure," he says, pretending to be breathless with the weight, "a minute ago you were all about doing your part and unloading all the heavy stuff. Now you're bossing me around and telling me to do it all. I see how you are."

"You like bossy women, don't try to act like you don't." She takes a second bag out of the back and moves behind him to put it down in the center of the clearing.

"I don't know what's wrong with me," he says, sighing. "I'm a glutton for punishment, apparently." She's right. And he loves that she, in particular, is feeling bossy; it means she's stronger and feeling more confident. He'd give just about anything for her to know she's powerful enough to stand on her own two feet. Maybe then she wouldn't be in such a hurry to move away and prove it to herself.

Chapter Forty-Two

THE WORMS ARE DISGUSTING. NICOLE refuses to put their squirmy, squishy, dirt-smelling bodies on the hook. It's gross, it's cruel, and it's ... ew, just yuck. She stares at the barbarian hook, its sharp little barb designed to keep the poor animal caught, causing it pain when it tries to escape. She knows how it feels, so she can hardly be expected to just go along with the program.

"Here, give that to me," Brian says. He's holding up a nice piece of freshly dug-up earthworm, the trout's favorite afternoon meal.

"Bleck, I don't know how you do that." She looks away momentarily as he pierces the poor thing's flesh. This is the fifth one she's had to watch, and she's decided she's done now. Fishing is not for her.

"Dad, you're not supposed to do it for her," says Liam in a scolding tone. "You're breaking the rules."

Nicole looks back at Brian as he focuses on wrapping the worm just right, so a slight nibble from a hungry fish won't be enough to pull it off. He wants that sucker to have to take a big old bite so he can become their dinner tonight. "Son, there's one thing you need to know about women."

"Only one?"

"Yep. Only one. Here's the big secret..." He looks up and wiggles his eyebrows before delivering his little piece of wisdom. "The rules do not apply to girls."

"None of the rules?" Liam is incredulous, his expression classic put-out little boy.

"Yep, pretty much none of them. You just have to go with the flow where ladies are concerned. Trust me. Don't try to fight it, don't try to change it, just go with it. You'll be a much happier man in the end and she'll be a happy person too. It's a win-win."

Liam frowns, trying to work it all out in his head. He finally looks up at Nicole and then Brian. "That doesn't seem fair at all to me. I'm not gonna do that."

Nicole pouts, turning on as much charm as she's capable of displaying. "You mean you'll make me put that yucky worm on the hook all by myself?"

Liam shakes his head. "No, I'll do it for you, but only for you. Other girls can do it theirselves."

"Themselves," says Brian.

"I know, that's what I said, Dad. Can I have another worm?"

"I just gave you one."

"But a fish ate it." He holds up his empty hook, silvery wet droplets falling back into the water below where it dangles.

"You're not putting it on right."

Liam grins, tilts his head, and flutters his eyelashes like crazy. "But I'm just a little girl and I don't know what I'm doing. Will you put the yucky wormy on the hook for me, pleeeease?"

Nicole shoves him gently. "Hey, watch it, buddy. That's insulting." She can't help but laugh. Sometimes his sense of humor is way beyond his years. Suddenly inspired, she says, "Here, give me your hook. I'll put a worm on it."

"But you said you can't," says Liam, obviously excited about the prospect of her squealing again as she tries to manage her disgust.

"That was before you mocked me. Now I have to prove a point." She takes the end of the hook opposite the small sharp barb and grabs a skinny worm from the jar Brian has on the ground next to them. Holding back her nausea, she makes short work of stabbing the small beast and re-stabbing it over and over as she wraps it around the hook.

She swallows with difficulty as she hands it over, battling the urge to shudder. "There. Hook baited." The still-moving brown lump makes her want to hurl, but she doesn't. Hurling is so not attractive, and she's had so much fun pretending she is today. Brian has played along nicely, too. Her face warms at the idea of it.

Brian whistles. "Daaamn, girl, you can seriously bait a hook. You were holding out on me. You're in charge of all the hook baiting from now on."

"Like heck I am," she says, standing up. "If that's the case, we'll be eating chips tonight for dinner." She bends down and washes her hands off in the river. "I'm going to go get a book. I'm done with the fishing for now."

"Bring it back here so you can give us moral support. You can sit on that downed tree over there and be the cheering section. You remember how to get back?"

"Yep. Through those trees and walk past all the ones we tied string to for five minutes, right?"

"You got it," he says, casting his line into the water, his attention now on the fishing and not her. Liam is doing the same.

"Be right back," she says, taking a moment to watch father and son having a moment. It warms her heart and makes her wish desperately that she could have that in her life forever. It's days like this that make it seem possible.

Nicole picks her way over stumps and rocks and uneven, squishy terrain, through the trees for the five-minute walk back to the car. Birds chirp and occasionally take wing, the fluttering sounds giving her a start every time with their suddenness. Her feet crack small branches as she shuffles through dead leaves, and rays of light that penetrate the heavy branches occasionally flash on her face and give her a brief moment of warmth. Otherwise, it's almost chilly in the dark woods, the mountain air getting cooler with every hour.

She reaches the edge of the campsite five minutes later, her eye on the truck. Brian's put the key in a magnetic holder under the wheel well so he won't risk losing it on their fishing expedition. His e-reader is in the back seat, and she knows just the book she's going to start with. He downloaded it for her right before they left; it's a romance with a happy ending and no cliffhanger, according to the reviews. Total bliss. She's in the mood for some happy endings for a change.

As she's walking around the back of the truck to reach the driver's side, an unexpected shuffling in the leaves up ahead makes her stop. It sounds like there's an animal just around the corner of the truck, and it must be a pretty big one, judging by the amount of leaves being moved.

Just as she's thinking a bear might be trying to break into the truck, a head pops up, visible through the glass.

It's not a bear.

A person is standing on the other side of the vehicle, right where she was headed.

It's a man. A large one with dark hair and a familiar expression on his face.

John!

"NO!" She screams, immediately panicked. She turns around and runs as fast as her legs will carry her. Get back to Brian! Get back to Brian! Brian will save me! "No, John! No!" Her fear feels like its choking her. She wants to vomit but she has to breathe. Breathe! Run!

Heavy, pounding footsteps come up behind her, easily overtaking her.

Her heart is going to explode. Her legs are burning. She's almost to the trees. If she can get to their safety, maybe she can dodge between them, find a big stick, do something to escape.

Something large and hard hits her on the back, making her lose her footing.

She goes down with a yell, her arms flying out in front of her to cushion her fall. The one in the cast is useless, the pain excruciating when her hand bends backwards inside it as it makes contact with the forest floor.

She rolls partway onto her side with John's weight on her bottom half. He's covering her legs, making it impossible for her to get away.

"Stop! Nikki, stop!" John grunts out, crawling up and putting all his weight on top of her. "I just want to talk to you!"

Nicole knows he doesn't just want to talk. If that were the case, all he'd have to do is talk. He's going to kill her now, she's sure of it.

She kicks and screams and tears at him with her nails. She ignores the stabbing pains in her ribs and arm and back so she can inflict as much damage on him as possible. Maybe if she screams loud enough, Brian will come. "Brian! Brian! Help!"

"Shut up!" John grunts out, reaching up to put his hand over her mouth.

She tries to bite him every time he gets close. "No! Get away from me! Get away from me! Don't touch me! Don't you ever touch me again!"

"Okay, okay, Jesus!" he yells, rolling off. He gets unsteadily to his feet and stares down at her.

She kicks him hard in the shin, tears partially blinding her as her panic threatens to choke her. Her voice is raspy and high-pitched. "Get away! Don't touch me! I'll kill you, don't touch me!" She digs her good hand into the dirt next to her, desperate to find something, to hold onto, something that could save her or help her get away.

"I'm not touching you, Nikki!" he yells. "Look! I'm not touching you! I just want to talk to you!" He hisses out a breath and takes another step back, running his hands through his hair. He's staring at her.

She sits up as best she can. Her body is covered in leaves, small twigs, and dirt. She begins to slide and drag herself over to the edge of the forest, never taking her eyes off him.

"Where are you going? Just sit still and talk to me for a second."

"I don't want to talk to you," she says, no longer screaming, but her voice wavering. "Go away and never come back here, do you hear me?" Her calm disappears like a wisp of smoke. "Stay away from me!" Her voice sounds un-hinged even to her own ears, but she can no more control it than she can make this situation end well. She's about to die. She knows this.

"You're being hysterical. Just talk normal for a minute. That's all I ask."

"You don't get a minute!" she screams. "You get nothing! Do you hear me! Nothing!"

He strides over to her, reaching down to grab her shirt.

"No! Don't touch me!" she yells, scratching at his hands, throwing the handful of dirt she grabbed into his face.

He yanks her to her feet and shakes her hard several times before letting her go. "Shut the f**k up, would you?" Dirt falls down his face, and he blinks it away. "Jesus Christ you sound like a crazy person. I said I just want to talk." He backs up. "See? I'm not touching you. I just helped you up, that's all." He shakes his head and brushes the dirt away.

She wipes her face off with the back of her hand and then she spits at him, hitting him on his pants. "You are not allowed to touch me ever again, do you hear me? You are a monster and a criminal. You should be in jail for what you did."

His eyes narrow. "What I did. What I did?" He laughs cruelly. "Are you f**king kidding me? I'm not the one who killed someone, okay? That was you."

Her face drains of blood.

She sees red.

Anything else he says is lost on her as she charges him. She hits him full in the chest, screaming and scratching and using her cast to cause as much damage to his face as possible. He can kill her if he wants, but she's not going to go down without a fight. It's time to avenge wrongs, to make things just a little bit right. This is how she will end her life.

"Murderer! Murderer!" she screams. "I'm going to kill you for what you did to Kitten!"

"Get off me, you psycho bitch!" he grinds out, throwing her from him like she's a piece of paper that floated into his path.

She lands on the ground, her head hitting the trunk of a nearby tree. She's instantly dizzy and sick.

He's breathing heavy. "I just came up here to apologize, okay? To tell you I'm sorry. To ask you to come back. But you know what? Fuck that. I don't owe you any apologies. You're lucky I'll take you back. But you're going to pay for this, I can promise you that." He walks over and grabs her by the hair.

She gets to her feet as quickly as possible, knowing if she doesn't go with the hair, the hair will keep going without her. "Don't, John, don't, that hurts." She grabs onto his forearm and digs her nails in. "Let go!"

"What are you fighting me for?" He's confused. "You never fight me, Nikki. You like learning lessons. Come on."

She digs her heels in, trying to keep him from dragging her off.

He stops pulling her by the hair and steps close, punching her once hard in the face. It knocks her almost to the ground, the only thing keeping her up being the fresh hold he has on her hair.

She's bawling now, realizing that she's too far for Brian to find her and it's too late for her to protect herself. He caught her out in the open and vulnerable. She never should have left the house. She could have gotten her revenge like Helen and Brian asked her to, but instead she ran from him, hid from him. She should have stood her ground like she's doing now. It's too late. Too late.

"Briana?"

The tiny voice comes to her amid her screams, cutting them off like a switch. John's hold on her hair disappears, making it possible for her to turn around and see the nightmare before her.

Liam. Gorgeous, adorable, innocent Liam is standing on the edge of the clearing, his expression stricken as he takes in the situation before him.

John takes a step towards the boy, Nicole temporarily forgotten.

"RUN, LIAM! RUN!!!" she screams with everything she has in her, the sound bursting from her lungs like a train whistle, blasting her own eardrums. The sound echoes all over the forest, birds taking flight and other animals rustling the leaves in their escape from the horrific pitch.

Liam turns and runs back towards the river, hopping like a tiny dear over the branches in his way. He goes down on his knees as John begins to go after him.

"Noooooo!" Nicole screams as she sprints after John with her last bit of energy and jumps on his back, taking him down into the dirt. She hooks the fingers of her good hand around his head and buries them into his eye as she wraps her cast around his throat.

Chapter Forty-Three

BRIAN COCKS HIS HEAD, A sound much like a scream coming to his ears. He's dangling his meaty hook right in front of his dinner when something suddenly feels wrong. The end of his pole drops into the water as he twists around and looks back in the direction of the campsite.

"Screw it," he says, yanking the line out of the water and dropping the pole on the ground by the stream. He'll come back and get it later after he checks on Liam and Nicole.

He brushes off his misgivings, trying to be realistic. They're out here in the middle of nowhere and he made sure that no one followed them. The only one in the world who might want to is over a hundred miles away. She probably saw a bug or something or another worm and lost her cool. He smiles at her girliness, glad she can be capable when she needs to be but is willing to be squeamish when something doesn't suit her.

Lost in thought, he doesn't realize Liam's on his way back until the little boy almost crashes into him.

"Dad!" the boy screams, half crying, half trying to breathe.

Brian rushes forward, grabbing his son under the armpits and lifting him up. "What's wrong?" He begins running in the direction of the campsite as he holds Liam to him. The little boy's arms and legs flop all over as he tries to hold onto his dad.

"There's a man! That man! He's hurting Briannaaaaaa!" Liam's crying now, big sobs choking him.

Brian feels the vomit going down his back as his son surges forward over his shoulder and unloads his lunch.

"Waaahhhh! I want my daaaaadeeeeee!" He cries, his head bouncing around.

Brian doesn't stop. "Where is she?" he asks loudly, pushing the words out despite being nearly breathless. He's tempted to leave Liam here out of harm's way, but the idea of leaving him alone is too terrifying. He can protect him better if he can see him.

"Waaaaahhh hhhaaa!!!" Liam can't seem to stop crying long enough to answer.

Brian breaks into the empty clearing and drops Liam unceremoniously to his feet, keeping him close by pressing his hand into the boy's back. "Where is she, Li-Li? Where did you see her?"

"Rriiii ... riiii ... right there..." He points to a spot near the back of the car and starts crying again.

Brian kneels down and wipes the tears roughly from his son's cheeks. "Li-Li, listen to me for a second. I need to know what you saw exactly. Was it the man that you hit the baseball through his house?"

"Yes!" The boy is screaming now instead of crying, his face bright red.

"And he was with Briana? Hurting her?"

"Yes! He was pulling her hair and being very mean!"

Brian casts his eyes around the campsite and notices the signs of a scuffle. Standing, he sweeps Liam up into his arms and runs to the car.

"Where are we going?" the little boy whines.

"To the police. We have to find her."

Brian's hands are shaking as he searches under the car for the key. It's not there! Where's the f**king key?! "Oh my god, he took the goddamn key."

"No, he didn't," says Liam in a tiny voice.

Brian swings around to look at him. "Where is it, Liam? Do you know?"

The little boy nods and points at the ground. The key holder is peeking out from under a pile of leaves near the tire. Brian grabs his son in a bear hug. "I love you, little boy, you know that?" He buries his face in his son's neck for a moment before putting him down again.

"That squished me." Liam's frowning, but he doesn't look mad.

Brian grabs the key, opens the doors, and dumps his son in the back. "Buckle up, buddy. We're about to have a bumpy ride."

Brian wastes no time starting the SUV, throwing it into gear, and racing down the mountain. No way in hell is he going to let that bastard take his girl from him. No f**king way. He whips his phone open and starts dialing as soon as he has a signal.

Chapter Forty-Four

"I'M NOT STAYING WITH YOU," Nicole says, refusing to look at John. She stares out the front windshield, leaning as close to the door as she can. He's already punched her in the face once for trying to open it and escape, so she's biding her time, waiting for a good opportunity to get away. As soon as they're in the city again where there are witnesses, she'll be able to. She keeps her seatbelt on in the meantime.

John's driving with only one eye on the road half the time. The rest of the time he's looking over at her, the expression on his face telling her he can't figure out why she's fighting him so hard.

"Yes, you are. You're my wife."

"I'm not your wife. I never married you and I never will. I hate you."

"You don't hate me. Know how I know?" He reaches over and flips down the sun visor in front of her. "Look in the mirror. If you hated me, you wouldn't have kept coming back for more." He puts both hands back on the wheel. "We're together forever, Nikki. Til death do us part."

Nicole grinds her teeth together, hating that what he says makes sense in a way. It makes her feel pitiful and small and exceedingly stupid.

"I was weak. I was afraid. You made me that way before, but not anymore. I'm not afraid of you, John." She looks at him and then disgusted with the satisfied look on his face, hurls a glob of spit at him, not caring that it will infuriate him. Hoping it will. "You're nothing to me," she says. "Garbage. A waste of space."

He points a finger in her face as he half-pays attention to the winding road. "Quit spitting on me. I'm not kidding. I'll f**king smash your teeth in."

Giving him the ugliest grin she can, she says, "You already did, ass**le! See!" She backs away and turns her head as his hand comes out to strike her. He hits the side of her head instead of her face, and she considers that a win. Fighting back feels good.

His hands are back on the wheel, so she dares to glance over at him again.

He looks so smug. So sure of himself. So convinced he's just going to drive on home and lock her up and treat her like his personal punching bag.

Just seeing him sitting there in the driver's seat, behind the wheel, driving her away from Brian and Liam ... it's more than she can take. Something snaps inside her and in a split-second, she decides she'd rather die in a car wreck than go another mile with him at the wheel. She leaps at him, fingernails out.

She goes for his eyes, succeeding in gouging the one that's already bloodshot from her earlier attack. As he leans over in shocked pain, she grabs his hair with her bad hand and yanks on it for all she's worth.

His hands follow his upper body and jerk the wheel in her direction and then sharply the other way. The red truck swerves across the mountain path and off the side of the road.

Chapter Forty-Five

BRIAN MAKES IT HOME IN record time. The police and Helen are waiting for him in the house.

Opening the door, the first thing he does is give Liam to his mother. "I'm so sorry, Helen," he says, certain she's going to blame him for this fiasco. She warned him about it, and as usual, she turned out right.

"Let's talk about it later." She pushes her son's hair back away from his face. His sleepy eyes are at half-mast. "You okay, Li-Li?"

"Yeah, but I'm tired." He yawns big.

"Did you get hurt anywhere?"

"No." His face sags. "But Briana did."

"We're going to need a statement from him," says a female police officer. "Whatever he saw might be helpful."

"He's too tired right now. I can tell you what you need to know," says Brian. "It's her ex-boyfriend who attacked her and took her. He followed us up there and grabbed her when I was away. Liam said he was hitting her."

"Do you know this man?"

Brian sighs heavily. "It's kind of a long story, but yes, I know of him. He lives on the next street over." Brian looks at Helen who's holding Liam on her hip awkwardly. He's too big to be carried that way, but he understands her need to do it. "Did you tell them what I told you on the phone?"

She nods. "Yes. And I'll be happy to help you figure this all out, after I've put Liam to bed." She leaves the room and enters the hall.

"We've been to the house, but no one's home. We have an officer parked on the street waiting to see if they show up."

"Okay, good. But where are they? I assumed he'd at least come home first."

"We were there within ten minutes of getting your wife's call."

"Ex-wife."

"Ex-wife. Okay. So, what's your relation to ..." She looks at her notepad. "... Nicole, is it?"

"Yes, her name is Nicole, but we were calling her Briana to hide her from her ex. He's a very violent person. He's been abusing her for years. She hadn't left her house for almost three years before we met her."

"Your ex-wife mentioned something about a baseball going through their window."

"Yes, that's how we met her. My son saw her and her face scared him, so I went over to try and smooth things over. That's when I found her on the ground in the living room with broken ribs, split lip, the works. There were officers in the hospital who tried to get her to give them the story, but she refused."

The officer shakes her head. "Typical. Okay, I'll have more questions for you soon, but for now this will work. Can you just quick give me a description of what she was wearing?"

"Yeah, uh ..." Brian racks his brain to remember her at the river. "Denim shorts ... green t-shirt ... white sneakers." He looks up into the officer's eyes. "The most distinctive feature about her isn't her clothes. It's her face. It's impossible to miss."

"How so?" she asks.

He pulls his phone out and presses buttons until he gets to the one she allowed him to take with Liam, baiting hooks. "This is her."

The officer takes the phone and as soon as her eyes alight on the screen, a range of expressions cross her face. First confusion, then disgust, and finally pity. Handing back the phone, she clears her throat. "Wow. He really did a number on her, didn't he?"

"Yes. That's putting it mildly. She's terrified of him, and now he has her again. You have to find him." Brian's throat aches with the pain of tears he won't let out. He has to stay strong for the girl who couldn't be for all those years.

"We're doing everything we can right now. I'm going to update the information we have on her. Can you email that picture to the police station? I have an address for you right ... here." She hands him a business card with a general email inbox scribbled on the back.

"Sure." He knows she might complain about someone other than he and Liam seeing the shot, but that's just too bad. He'll do anything to help them find her. He taps out the info on the keys as the officer walks away talking into her cell phone. He hears her giving details of Nicole's description.

"They're in a red pickup!" Brian says, probably too loudly. "Shit ... I mean ... crap. I forgot to tell you the most important part."

The woman looks back at him, pulling the phone away from her head. "You saw him in the truck?"

"Not exactly. I saw a red truck following us up the mountain, but then it drove by. Since it's not his regular truck, I assumed it was a stranger. But Liam told me he saw a red car parked near our campsite. I'm betting it was him."

The woman nods. "Okay, thanks." She continues her conversation on the cell phone.

Brian looks down at his hand. The phone is there showing the email having been sent. He wanders over to the couch and sits down, scrolling through the pictures of Nicole and Liam.

An absent smile comes to his lips as he recalls each situation when the pictures were taken. It hasn't taken long for Nicole to find her special place in his little family, and now that she's been forcibly taken away from him, he realizes how much he really doesn't want her to go.

But to ask her to live around the corner from the man who almost killed her isn't a solution even Brian can live with anymore. He tried to tell himself before it could work, that he could keep her safe and convince her to talk to the police to have him arrested. But even if the guy went to jail now, it would be too much of a ghost haunting their lives to think it could be ignored. His fingers scroll through his contacts, looking for a former client who might be able to help them out.

Chapter Forty-Six

THE WORLD TURNS OVER AND over and over again. Nicole can no longer tell the earth from the sky, as both are spinning past the windshield too fast to be anything but one big blur. She feels nauseous and her broken arm is on fire, the cast cracked down the side. John's body keeps banging into it as he's thrown about the cab. His screams stop on the third revolution when she assumes he finally hits his head hard enough to knock him unconscious.

Her head begins to hit something hard above her, with every fourth bang the car makes. They're tumbling down the mountainside, and the truck is compressing down flatter and flatter as the side of the hill acts like a wrecker on the weakened metal.

The cab shrinks another few inches in height as the hood of the truck smashes against the ground once again. John's limp arm slaps her hard in the face, but it's gone again when the vehicle makes one more revolution before finally coming to a stop. It's an abrupt halting of movement, jerking Nicole's head sharply to the left.

She's weak and dizzy. Giving up on trying to control it anymore, she leans to the side and vomits on the seat and over John's limp form. She can barely lift her good hand to wipe her mouth off.

Once her vision clears, she realizes it's dark. Blinking several times, she tries to get her bearings. Her head hurts, but the blood isn't rushing to her brain like it was during the rolling, so she assumes she's somewhat upright, although she can feel the truck leaning to the left.

The driver's side is lower than the passenger side. Looking out her smashed side-window, all she can see is dirt. Side of the hill. That's the side of the hill.

Looking out John's window, she sees a wall of green and brown. Branches. Those are branches and a tree trunk. A tree stopped our fall. The windshield is covered in greenery too.

"John?" she asks, pushing on him tentatively.

He doesn't move. His body is covered in blood flowing from cuts over heavily bruised skin. She's sickly thrilled to know he's too badly hurt to stop her from escaping. Now she just has to figure out how to get out of this steel cage and back up onto the road and she'll have a shot at getting away.

The desperate need to be free of his clutches fills her every pore. Adrenaline rushes into her veins and gives her almost superpowers. The fingers of her good hand reach down to find her seatbelt buckle. She breathes a sigh of relief as she realizes that's why she's sitting here awake and conscious and John isn't. He didn't have his on.

Depressing the red button, her joy quickly morphs into panic. It's stuck! The latch won't release and the belt won't let her go.

"Nooo!" she screams. "Let me go!" It feels like John is trapping her here. Even unconscious, he's controlling her.

She starts hitting him, pushing on him, pulling his hair, but he remains prone and silent.

"Let me go!" she yells. "I hate you! I hate you! Do you hear me?! I hate you!"

A minute later, she collapses in tears. She has no more anger left for the limp body next to her and no more energy for fighting the seatbelt. Her head and knee hurt, she's dizzy, and suddenly very, very tired. An overwhelming sense of doom closes in around her and shrouds her in darkness. Her eyes drift closed and the cold seeps in. She dreams of being buried alive, next to Kitten in the backyard.

Chapter Forty-Seven

IT'S BEEN TWENTY HOURS AND there's still no sign of John or Nicole. Brian's a mess. He's to the point of nearly pulling his hair out when Agnes shows up at the front door. She's got on some crazy pink shoes and an orange dress, and she's got something covered in tin foil in her hands.

Brian tries to smile at her, knowing he must look like a crazy homeless person with his smelly clothes and hair in disarray, but he doesn't care enough to do anything about it. He worries if he gets in the shower he'll miss her call or news that she's been found, so everyone's had to stand downwind from him all morning.

"Brought you a tuna casserole," she says, stepping into the foyer without waiting for an invitation. "I had Willard's sister come over to keep an eye on him so I could come over here and help."

Brian steps to the side to avoid having her bump into him. "Thanks, Agnes, but I'm not sure there's anything you can do."

"Have you eaten?" she asks from the kitchen.

Brian has to think about it for a few seconds. "I guess not." He follows her in, watching her work.

"Well, come on and sit down, then. It's still warm from the oven." She opens up cabinets and drawers until she finds what she's looking for.

Brian sits down at the table in a daze, unable to concentrate on the meal or anything else. All he can do is try to imagine where John might have taken Nicole so he can get out there and find her.

The problem is, the only place he can come up with as their destination is John's house, and they're not there. The police have been there twenty times, and Brian's been there at least that many times. He's spent hours just standing on the corner, waiting to see the demon's truck come around the corner so he can pull him out and beat him to a pulp. But so far, there's been no sign of him, his truck, or Nicole.

Agnes puts a plate, a fork and a glass of water in front of Brian and then sits down in the seat opposite him. "So, tell me what's happening. I've seen the police over here and you, but no Briana. I assume something's happened to her. Something done to her by the man who hurt her before."

Brian looks up, anguish filling him completely. "How do you know all that? Did the police talk to you?" They've been annoyingly tight-lipped with him, giving out no other information other than the fact that they haven't found her. He's trying not to hate them for that, knowing they're just doing their jobs.

"I keep my eyes and ears open. Briana and I have been having coffee together most mornings. She tells me things."

Brian buries his face in his hands, trying to get a handle on his runaway emotions. He wants to rage at the world and cry like a baby at the same time. It's possible he's losing his mind. "I tried to get her to talk to me all the time, but she never really would."

"She has a lot of healing to do. She's carrying some heavy burdens I don't think either one of us could understand. I have a brother who was in the Korean War. He suffered from PTSD. I see some of that in her. She needs professional help. Don't be hurt that she didn't want to expose you to what she probably considers the worst parts of her."

He pulls his hands away and drops them to the table, frustrated. "I would have been happy to get therapy for her if she would have agreed to it."

Agnes pats his hand. "Of course you would have. Anyone can see that. Don't blame yourself for things that aren't in your control." She withdraws her hand. "Besides, I'm sure she'll come around. She's a strong girl, that one. Mark my words."

"You think?" Brian is ready to cling to any speck of hope that comes his way. Even Agnes's premonitions are good enough at this point to make him think things could turn out okay for Nicole and maybe even the two of them.

"Definitely," she assures him. "So what happened? Or do you not want to talk about it right now?"

He stabs a forkful of tuna casserole and puts it in his mouth, chewing while he answers because he's anxious to hear her feedback. Maybe she'll think of something he hasn't. "We went camping. The guy apparently followed us in a different truck than he normally drives. While I was fishing, he grabbed her at the campsite and took off. Liam saw him hurting her. That's the last we saw of her." A lump in his throat stops the rest of the words from coming, and swallowing food is made difficult.

"And the police have checked the mountain for her?"

"I think they have a copter out there right now. But it's been twenty hours. I don't know what they're going to find after all this time. He could be in another state by now. Two states over for all we know."

"What about his house? Is it packed up? Did he plan to leave for a long time or was it a split-second plan?"

"I don't know. They're not telling me anything."

Someone enters the kitchen, their footsteps stopping the conversation. "Sorry for interrupting, but can I speak with you for a minute, Brian?" It's the female cop he talked to the day before. She comes and goes from the house with his open invitation. She no longer knocks and he doesn't want her to. As soon as she has info, he wants it.

"Sure." He stands, a spark of hope lighting his heart. "Did you find her? Is she okay?"

"Just come with me," the woman says, glancing at Agnes.

Brian follows the officer out into the living room. "Please don't hold back. Just tell me. I'm sick with worry."

"They found her. The truck went over the side of the mountain, apparently. She's pretty banged up and has a concussion and some hyperthermia, but she's probably going to be fine. They're transporting her to the hospital right now."

Brian bangs his pockets, looking for keys and his cell phone. "Which hospital?"

"Memorial. Downtown. Are you going over there now?"

"Yes." He looks back towards the kitchen as Agnes is coming out carrying his plate with the fork on it.

"Finish this plate first, then you go," demands Agnes. "You'll be no good to her in the state you're in. You need food and a shower."

"I don't have time for that," says Brian, running his fingers through his hair.

"I'd recommend you follow her orders," says the officer wryly, looking pointedly at the top of his head.

"Fine." He grabs the plate from Agnes and shovels every last bite of the casserole into his mouth. It takes about three seconds. "Fanks, Agneff," he says around the noodles.

She nods. "Go take a shower. I'll call Helen."

He hesitates, two steps towards the bathroom. Looking back, he says, "Thanks, Agnes."

"Anytime. That's what neighbors are for."

Striding down the hall, he wonders if he'll have a neighbor as thoughtful as her in his next house - the one he's bound and determined to make a home with Nicole in.

Chapter Forty-Eight

NICOLE'S AWAKE WHEN BRIAN COMES bursting into the room. As soon as he sees her in the bed, his expression shows relief.

"Thank God you're alive," he says, moving to her bedside.

She smiles as best she can with the bruises, cuts, and swelling on her face. "You expected to find me in here as a stiff?" Her newly casted broken arm lays across her abdomen and her knee is on ice.

"I didn't know what to expect. The police aren't telling me jack diddly." He leans in to kiss her mouth, being careful to be gentle, but lingering more than he usually does. "You gave me the biggest scare of my life. Don't ever do that again, okay? Like ever."

Her heart blossoms, the love she has for him warming her entire chest cavity. "I'll try not to. If it had been up to me, I'd rather have baited a thousand wormy hooks than fall off the side of the mountain."

He shakes his head, holding her hand in his. "How on earth did that happen, anyway? Tell me everything." He lets her go long enough to grab a chair and drag it over before going back to holding her hand and caressing it.

"I fought back." Even the words thrill her to the bone. "I told him no more. I attacked him."

"You what? Are you crazy?" He puts a hand on his heart. "You're giving me heartburn right now, I hope you know that. Or maybe it's Agnes's tuna casserole."

Nicole giggles. "It's her, not me."

"So ... what was that like?" he says, humor in his voice. "...Falling over a cliff?"

"Not fun. Gave me a hell of a headache."

"I'll bet." He looks at her knee. "And what else did it give you? I hear a concussion, hypothermia..."

"Yes, and a bad knee apparently. But other than that, I'm fine."

"What about ... John?"

"I was hoping you'd know more than me. He was passed out the whole time I was in the truck, but I could hear him breathing. The bastard."

"That must have been terrible for you, babe," he says, standing up so he can rub her head gently.

"It was. At first. I mean, I guess it was the whole time, but it gave us the alone time I needed to set some things straight."

"Oh, yeah? I thought you said he was unconscious."

"Yeah, but he never listens anyway, so that didn't really matter."

Brian laughs loud and long. When he finally gets himself under control again, he asks his next question. "So what did you two talk about?"

She looks down at her hand in his, wondering how much she should tell him. She can't decide if the world in her mind where she can share her deepest thoughts with him and receive understanding in return is real or if she's just living a fantasy. Is it even possible for another human being to care about another that much?

"Nicole, look at me."

She lifts her gaze.

"No matter what you say, no matter what you did or what he did, it doesn't matter to me, okay? It. Does. Not. Matter. I love you for you, who you are, exactly like this. All is forgiven, before I even know what it is."

Her heart skips a beat and her lips go dry. She's unable to believe what he just said. That word. She opens her mouth but nothing comes out.

"Uh... yeah. So I just said that. The L-word. Not very romantic how it came out, I know, but I meant it."

She's suddenly overcome with shyness. Her concerns about what he might think take a backseat to the idea that he might actually L-word her. "I thought about you a lot when I thought I was going to die."

"You did?" He strokes her hand some more. His face is a mask of care and concern.

"Yes. And Liam and Helen and even Agnes."

"Agnes will be happy to know that. She's very worried about you. We all are."

Nicole smiles at the memories of their coffee talks. "She's a nice lady."

"She's a very nice lady. I'm going to miss her."

Nicole frowns. "Why would you miss her? Is she leaving?"

"No, we are. You and me and Liam. I'm going to sell the house and buy one far away."

"What?" Nicole almost chokes trying to get that one word out.

"I'm serious. I want you to live with us. And I know you can't live around the corner from that ass**le, so the only solution is to move. I already contacted a realtor I know."

"But I can't do that," she whispers.

Brian gets instantly angry. "Of course you can! Don't tell me you don't want to leave John! That you want to go back there!"

She lifts up her hand and waves it in the air to stop him, to diffuse his misplaced anger. "No, no, no, that's not what I'm saying."

He huffs out a strong breath. "Okay, then. Fine. Explain it to me."

"Sit down first. It's ... not an easy story to hear. Or to tell."

Brian sits down, never breaking eye contact with her. He says nothing, waiting for her to talk.

"So, like I said, I was thinking a lot about you guys, the people who mean something to me in my life."

"Uh-huh."

"And there's someone who's very, very special to me at the house. At John's house."

"Not John, I hope."

"No, not John."

Brian remains silent. She can't read his thoughts, but she'd give anything to know what he's thinking right now. She was brave in the car with John, but this confession is going to take every ounce of courage she's ever had and then some. What if he decides he hates me? What if he thinks I'm a monster on the inside too?

"Who is it?" Brian asks. "Who's so important that you can't leave town and start a new life?"

"Kitten."

Brian frowns. "You have a cat over there? Why didn't you say so? We could have broken her out of jail weeks ago. I love cats."

Nicole's face flames with shameful redness. "Kitten isn't a cat."

"Is it a dog?" he says in a smaller voice.

She shakes her head. "No. Kitten is not an animal. Kitten ..." Her eyes fill with tears and her voice catches on the last words. "She's ... my daughter. John's daughter."

Chapter Forty-Nine

BRIAN FEELS HIMSELF GO PALE as the blood drains from his face. It takes conscious effort to swallow. Empty your mind of pre-conceived ideas. Just listen and don't judge.

He wants to understand, to give her time to explain the way she needs to, but it's going to take every ounce of control he has. After all, he has a son. He can imagine what it would be like to have a child in that house of horrors one street over. Maybe. He suddenly feels itchy, like he has to run out of the hospital and go over there to rescue an abandoned child. Surely if that were the case, though, she would have told him sooner...

"I don't understand," he says, trying with everything he has to keep his expression neutral. She's finally opening up to him, and he doesn't want to scare her off before she tells the whole story. If there's a child that needs rescuing, he needs to get on that immediately.

Nicole is crying again, big fat tears rolling down her cheeks. When he stands to help her, she holds up her hand. "No. Stay over there. I don't want you to touch me while I'm telling the story."

"Okaaay." He sits back down, staring at her face. She's obviously feeling tortured, and it's killing him that he can't help her, that she won't let him.

"About a year ago, or maybe a little longer, John raped me and I got pregnant. He raped me many times, but this time, there was more fallout than just me being his victim."

Brian clenches his teeth together, trying to keep his anger under control. He suspected this was happening over there, but now he knows for sure the guy has twice as much to pay for.

"I didn't tell him I was pregnant. I was going to wait until I couldn't hide it anymore, and then I was going to run away. I couldn't do it for myself, but I felt like I could do it for my baby."

"Why wait?" The question is out before he can stop it. It sounds judgmental and he doesn't want to be that man, but it's too late. He grinds his teeth together to keep from saying anything else.

She toys with the edge of her covers, her scraped hand making the movements look stiff. Her lips tremble a little as she keeps her emotions in check. "My face. It made me think that no one would help me unless they knew I had a baby to protect. That they'd look at me and see a deranged monster or something. I have no friends, no family who could help. No money. No identification. And I'd gotten out once before, when my face wasn't too terrible, and the police just delivered me back. I was afraid it would happen again, and then he'd not hurt just me but the baby too."

"What? That doesn't ... seem to ... make sense." Brian looks at the floor, angry at himself for questioning her, but unable to stop the common sense reaction from bubbling to the surface and spilling over. "Sorry." He looks up at her. "I don't mean to judge you, I really don't."

"It's a reasonable question. I know that now. At the time, though, it made perfect sense to be afraid of everyone, to expect to be ignored. John can be very charming when he wants to be, so he never looks guilty. I didn't say the right things to the police the one time I did get away. My thinking was scattered, and I was scared out of my wits. I probably had a concussion at the time. In the end, I told them it was all a lie, that I'd been in a car accident. Everything I said about John, I recanted. They had nothing to go after him with, and to be honest, they didn't really seem all that worried about it."

"Why would you do that? Take back all the things you said? They were there to help you."

She sighs. "I wish I could help you understand, but I know you can't, really. Your brain is healthy. You have a sense of your own power, of your own place in the world. You've never been brainwashed before, and that's what I was. You have family and friends around to support you. I had none of that. None of it. John made sure of that. I used to have friends. I used to have a family. But within six months of being with John, they were all gone. He somehow convinced me to get rid of all of them and I believed him when he said that they were trying to hurt me, to get in the way of our happiness." She pauses and absently twists her finger around her sheets. "My entire world became all about John. He was like parents, friends, siblings, and God all wrapped up into one person who could be very loving when he wanted to be. And when he first started hurting me, it was because he was helping me. That's what he said, and it made sense to me at the time. I didn't do things well enough. I was sloppy, disorganized. Eventually it was the smallest things that would set him off - if there were water droplets on the kitchen counter, or if he found one of my hairs in the bathroom, or if I didn't try to make him happy by bringing him beers or food. If I did anything out of line, I knew I was going to pay. He's a very determined person. He feels like he owns me, like a piece of property - like his truck or his tools. And no one messes with John's stuff. No matter where I went, or what I did, I knew he'd find me. So that's why I stayed. That's why I decided I'd leave when I could no longer hide the pregnancy but not sooner."

"But there are organizations out there for women like you. Like you used to be."

"People like me have a hard time believing that. I had a hard time believing that even if help came, John wouldn't come and find me anyway. And I guess we can't argue that I was wrong about that, can we?"

"No, I guess we can't argue it. I did everything I could to keep you safe and he found you anyway." Brian feels sick to his stomach over that fact. He failed, and he sees the results and the pain she suffered right here in front of him. He hates himself for it and the fact that he didn't completely believe her or appreciate it enough when she said before how determined the guy can be.

She gives him a watery smile. "But the good news is, you rescued me. You didn't let me down, so don't give me that look. You taught me about love and friendship and support. You welcomed me into your beautiful family. You showed me that I'm not alone, even though he tricked me for a long time into believing I was. You helped me regain enough strength to fight back. For the first time I really fought back hard, and now here I am." She smiles, obviously proud of herself.

"Fallen off a cliff and your whole body on ice," Brian says, scanning her body and finally fully appreciating the miracle that happened. Sure, she's banged up, but she's not on life support like John is.

"I'm alive. I'm alive because of you, Brian, and I'm never ever going to forget that. But you have to understand ... I can't leave. My daughter is at John's house, and until she's not anymore, I can't go anywhere. That's the reason I stopped trying to leave months ago. And it's also the reason I haven't left here yet."

Brian stands and moves over to the side of the bed. "I know you told me to stay away, but I can't. Tell me about her. Tell me what happened. I want to fix this."

More tears come to join the others. "This is something you can't fix." She takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly, as if she's trying to find her center before continuing. "I made it all the way to seven months in the pregnancy. I didn't eat a lot, so it wasn't until she had gotten pretty big that it became kind of obvious I wasn't just getting fat. I was wearing bigger shirts that were loose in front to hide it, but I knew it would be time to leave soon. I tried to come up with a plan. I was sneaking a dollar bill here and there out of John's wallet while he slept, so I'd at least have bus money. I had almost twenty dollars when he caught me."

"He caught you? How?"

"Yes. I think he must have known at some point that I was doing it, so he tricked me. He counted the bills and then in the morning when one was missing, he came at me, demanding to know where it was and what I was planning."

Brian takes her hand again. He can't help himself. He feels like he's there, in the room with her as the hulking form of John moves towards her, but he's powerless to do anything about it. He's never felt so panicked over a story before. It's all past history, done and gone, but he can't help but want to do something to stop it.

Her voice is rough with tears and emotion. She's tortured, that much is clear. "He asked me why I was taking money, since I never go outside. He asked me if I was planning on going somewhere. I denied it as long as I could but then I finally said I wanted to leave. He attacked me. He never admitted it, but I think he knew I was pregnant. He kicked me in the abdomen over and over, and that's not something he ever did before..." She has to stop talking because her crying is getting worse. "I tried ... tried to protect her. I curled up in a ball, but he got to her anyway."

"Oh, babe ..." Brian leans in and brings her head to his shoulder, his own voice strained with holding back tears. "Babe, please don't cry. I'm so sorry to hear this. What a horrible thing for you and her. It's terrible. What happened to her? Can we go get her?" He wants to run out the door and find her. Bring her into this room and put her in her mother's arms. No mother should be denied her child, ever.

"I don't know exactly what happened to her. Not like you mean," Nicole says, pulling herself away and lying back in the bed. She takes her hand out of Brian's and uses the sheet to wipe her eyes. "John had attacked me in the kitchen and then he went to bed. I was having cramps, so I went out into the garage with some pillows and blankets. I tried to hide myself behind a bunch of boxes and things."

"Why did you do that?" Brian asks, his own eyes filled with tears. He can't hold them back any longer. He can picture her trying to hide, to survive in spite of all the odds against her.

None of this seems real to him; it's more like watching a horror movie playing in his head. All the blood is fake and the characters are wearing makeup. Things like what Nicole is describing don't happen in his world.

All he can picture is a wounded animal, finding a quiet corner to die in, and it's killing him that she had this reaction, that she is the animal. It's such a base-level instinctual thing, and it speaks volumes about where she was in her head at the time. What he wouldn't give to have been aware of her sooner. To think he was sitting in his house one street over, probably eating a TV dinner and watching television, while she was being slowly killed. It makes him physically ill.

"I went into the garage because the cramps kept getting worse. I had a feeling I was going into labor, but I didn't want him to hear me. I thought if I could just relax and breathe through the pain, it would go away. It was too soon for her to be born. I just needed some more time."

"You could have left then. Gone to a neighbor's."

"I could barely walk. And I could only imagine what a person would do if I showed up on their doorstep. I was bleeding from a gash on my forehead, both eyes black. I wanted to try and save her. I thought if I could lie down and just relax without John bugging me, I could calm my stomach down. Calm the baby down. Get healthy enough to leave. Besides, John had special locks on the doors. He locked me in all the time. The only way out would have been through a window, and I was in no shape to crawl out. I had no phone, no nothing. Except for the baby, I was completely and totally alone." Her voice is hollow now, like she's reliving the feeling of isolation. "I was his prisoner."

Brian is thinking that anyone in her right mind would have left the minute John was asleep, taken his key and gone out; but at the same time, he knows that there's no way Nicole was in her right mind at the time all of this was happening. She wasn't just a prisoner in reality; she was a prisoner in her own head. John had mind-fucked her in the worst possible way.

"So what did you do then?"

"I laid down on the blankets and tried to will the pain away. But the contractions got worse. A few hours later, she was born. Born in the garage in the middle of a pile of junk." Nicole tries to smile through the tears, but instead her face trembles and spasms. "I had a baby, Brian. She was so tiny, but she was beautiful. She tried to cry, but it sounded so much like ... like..." She can't finish. She's crying too hard. Dropping her face into her hands, she shakes with sobs.

Brian pulls her into his arms again, ignoring the tears that soak through his shirt. "Shhh, shhh. Just take a break. Take a break, babe. You can tell me when you're ready."

"No, I need to say it now," she says while still crying. "She sounded like a kitten, so I just called her that. I was going to change her name after we left. I didn't want to name her there. I know it sounds crazy, but I thought that if I waited to name her when we were gone, maybe she could stay gone. Maybe she'd never have to go back."

Brian swallows the huge lump in his throat. He will not break down. Not in front of her. She needs his strength. He can hold in the pain until he's alone. He'd rather fall off a cliff right now than make her feel bad about the choices she made while suffering such extreme distress.

"You did the right thing," he says, not sure he believes it but absolutely certain it's what she needs to hear. "You did the best you could under the circumstances."

"Not really." She leans back in the bed again and stares at the ceiling, hiccuping back the newest sobs. "I fell asleep with her in my arms, and when I woke up, she wasn't breathing very well. I don't know how long it was after she was born. Maybe it was five minutes, maybe a couple hours. I didn't have a watch."

"Oh my god." The words slip out of their own accord.

Nicole acts as if she didn't hear them. "She was too little. I knew it when she was born, that she was too little to survive, but I pretended we were going to be okay. I couldn't move. There was so much blood coming from inside me. Every time I even shifted, a little more would come out. I was dizzy and sick. I don't think I slept as much as just passed out from all the blood loss."

"What did John do?" Brian doesn't really want to know the answer because he's sure it'll be terrible. But he prompts her anyway because she needs to tell her story, and he wouldn't be much of a man if he didn't support the woman he loves.

Nothing has changed about how he feels towards her. Maybe he even loves her more, knowing the extent of the pain she's been through. It takes a special kind of woman to survive a nightmare like John and come out a loving, caring person on the other side.

"He found me the next morning, maybe a few hours after she was born, I don't know. He took her from me. I don't know if she was alive or dead then. I was so out of it. I couldn't get up, and he left me there to die. I do remember very clearly one thing that he said; he told me he was going to go dig my grave in the backyard."

"Holy shit." A chill moves down Brian's spine. He's so angry right now, he could strangle John with his bare hands. For a moment he considers finding the guy's room and doing just that.

"I got up that night after John was asleep. I could barely walk I was so weak. I made it to the kitchen where I could look out the back window. I saw two graves. One was big and empty and the other one was tiny and covered with dirt."

"He buried her ... Kitten ... in the backyard?" Brian's voice barely works. His chest feels like it's caving in. All he can picture is his own sweet child, swaddled in blankets and laid to rest in the cold earth behind a house just one street over. It can't be real. No one could be that cruel.

"Yes." Nicole is crying more quietly now. Her eyes are blood-red and her face puffy. "And I saw my spot right next to hers. If I could have, I would have gone and laid down right in it and covered myself with the dirt." She pauses as the sobs take over. "I wanted to die. I tried to die. But John wouldn't let me."

"What do you mean?" Brian realizes he's squeezing her hand too hard, so he lightens up his grip and lifts her fingers to kiss them.

"He made me get cleaned up. He forced me to eat. He said I needed to pay the price for getting pregnant and killing his child."

"But you didn't do that. He did." Brian's moving past upset and transitioning quickly into furious. If the guy were in this room right now, Brian would end up in jail. He knows that the man would die if he could get to him.

"I know that. I know he did. Even then I knew that. But I was to blame too. I knew John would blow his top if he knew I was pregnant. He didn't want kids. He didn't want me to have kids. He always said what a terrible mother I'd be."

"Then he shouldn't have f**king raped you!" Brian yells. He immediately tones it down. "Shit, I'm sorry. That wasn't cool." He drops her hand and turns around, pacing back and forth as he rubs his head with both hands. "Arrrrgh, I'm not handling this well. I just want to go to his room and kill him. Literally, kill him."

"Don't. Just let him go. He can't hurt me anymore."

"You're goddamn right he can't. Especially when I'm done with him."

"Seriously, Brian, no. I'm going to talk to the police. I've decided. I'm going to tell them everything, even if it means I have to go to jail."

Brian freezes in place for a moment before spinning around to face her. "What? Why on earth would you go to jail?"

"Because!" Nicole's voice goes up a notch. "I'm to blame too, aren't I? I should have left! I should have saved her!"

Brian takes three long strides to get back to her side. "No way. No way, that is not going to happen. I won't let it."

Nicole smiles at him through her tears, slowly shaking her head. "I don't think either one of us are going to have a choice."

Chapter Fifty

IT FEELS GOOD TO BE dealing with the nightmare head on, to be shedding the light of truth and awareness on it. Monsters can only live in hiding, covered by darkness and the shame wrapped up in the telling. Nicole refuses to feel shame anymore. That's something John tricked her into doing before, but she's not falling for it now.

Even though her body and spirit are bent, they're not broken. No one can truly break her but her, and today she will not let that happen. She will no longer forfeit the running of her life over to another person. Never again as long as she lives.

The police officer closes the notebook that he was writing in. Standing, he puts the book down on her bed, his hulking form blocking out the light from the smallish hospital window. "Nicole, that was a hell of a story. And I can't tell you what the District Attorney is going to do, I don't have any decision-making power there, but I will tell you that I'm going to advocate that the State not press charges against you."

"Thank you. But I'm willing to pay whatever price the State thinks I should. I loved my daughter, and if I did something wrong by her, then that's the way it has to be. I can't change the past, I can only walk into my future with eyes wide open, taking responsibility for myself and my actions."

"That's very brave of you. I don't know a lot of people who would stand up and put everything out there like that, especially after all you went through." He rests his hand on the bed rail. "You put up with more abuse than I've seen in fifteen years on the job. I honestly don't know how you made it this far. I hate to say it, but most women in your situation are already dead by the time I get to them."

Nicole looks over at the man sleeping in the chair next to her bed. "I'm sure I would be dead too if it weren't for him."

The officer joins her gaze and stares at Brian for a while. "He's a hero in my book. Men like that ... they just don't make 'em like they used to."

"He's a hero in my book, too," says Nicole softly. "Mine too."

He puts his ballpoint pen in his pocket, hooking the silver clasp over the edge of it so it peeks out from the corner of the flap. "I don't know if anyone's told you this yet, but a bunch of the officers' wives have gotten together and started a fundraiser on your behalf." He picks up his notebook and tucks it under his arm.

"What?" Nicole can't stop the tears from welling up. This is completely unexpected. She doesn't know what to think or say.

"Yeah. They heard about your story from the news and from some of the police reports that are public record. They were thinking you could use the money to find a place to live or to have surgery or whatever." He looks down at the floor, maybe embarrassed about bringing up her face.

Nicole's voice wavers. "I don't know what to say."

"You don't have to say anything. But my wife would kill me if I didn't follow the one specific order she gave me before I came over here today." He gives her an awkward grin.

"What order?" Nicole is mystified.

"She said if I didn't give you a big old hug for her, she'd serve me brussel sprouts for a week straight. And Nicole, I really, really hate brussel sprouts, so I hope you'll help me out."

She smiles through her tears. "I guess you'd better hug me, then."

She leans forward as the big bear of a police officer steps forward and takes her into a gentle hug.

"We're proud of you, girl," he says, his voice softer and warm. "You took the bull by the horns and wrestled it to the ground. We lose women in our country to domestic violence every day, so thanks for making me feel good about my job today."

She can't speak because the tears are coming too strong, so she pats him on the back.

"Hey, what's going on in here?" Brian asks, his voice full of his smile. "That's my lady you're messing with."

The police officer releases her, being careful not to jar her body too much. "I'm just following orders. And now I've gotta scoot. Duty calls." He checks his cell phone and then turns on his radio, mumbling something into the speaker on his shoulder before looking up. "I may have to come back to follow up a little, but I think this is good enough for now."

"What do you know about John? The uh ... perpetrator or whatever?" Brian asks.

"Well, he's still stuck in his bed, so we're not worried about him making his way over here, especially since he got transferred over to General."

"You did that? You transferred him?" Nicole's not sure she understands.

"Yes, we did. We felt it was in your best interests not to have the idea of him wandering in here keeping you up at night. Besides, it was cheaper than putting a guard at your door twenty-four/seven."

"You would have done that?" These are the people she was afraid to talk to, to turn to for help. Why did she ever doubt them? She feels stupid and ashamed.

He gives her a half-smile. "Of course. You're an important, valuable human being, Nicole. Don't you ever forget that, you hear?" He walks out the door, not waiting for an answer.

"Thank you!" she shouts out the door behind him.

"No problem!" he says back.

She looks over at Brian as he steps up to her bedside. "Did you hear what he said? They have a fundraiser going for me."

"They're not the only ones."

"What?" Her heart feels like it's swelling in her chest. Butterflies take up residence in her stomach. She doesn't know whether to vomit or sing.

"There are a lot of people in the community who care about you, Nicole. People who haven't ever met you and probably never will. Agnes is going ballistic out there. She has half the city depositing money into an account for you. Last she told me, there was fifty thousand in there and more money coming in every hour. They even featured her on the news."

Nicole is sobbing again. "I can't seem to stop crying for the life of me. I just don't understand all this. Why me? Why do all these strangers care about me?"

Brian takes her into his arms, holding her tight. "They care because they finally know you exist and they can see you need their help. Most people are not like John; most people care about others and want to ease pain, not cause it. Seeing someone suffer like you makes people realize how much they have going for them, how lucky they are to have the minor problems they have. Maybe you can think about your pain having a silver lining in that way. You're making this world a better place by putting yourself out there and sharing your story. It's bringing awareness to all kinds of people, of many things. I know it's tough to show your vulnerability and that all this stuff makes you cry, but that's okay. You just keep on crying until all the sadness is gone, and I'll just keep wiping the tears away until you don't need me to anymore."

"I'm always going to need you to do that," she whispers, clinging onto him with everything she has, hoping she hasn't said too much.

"That's what I was hoping you'd say," he whispers back.

Chapter Fifty-One

BRIAN SITS AT THE KITCHEN table with Helen on his right and Nicole on his left. They have some decisions to make, and Nicole wants Helen there too. Pride makes him sit straighter. He must have done something right in life to have two women like this at his table.

Helen points to the paper in front of her. "Okay, so I added up all the money that's been donated, and since the bank waived its fees, it gives you $276,583. All of it goes to you, and none to that asshat in the karma-coma, since my firm set up that trust for you."

Brian frowns at Helen's casual mention of John. Two weeks in a coma and it's not looking especially good for his recovery. His injuries are healing, but for some reason the doctors can't explain, he's still dead to the world.

The vicious part of Brian hopes he never wakes up. The part of him that wants justice is hoping John does come out of that coma so they can put him away in jail for a really long time. Whatever happens while the guy is inside jail? Well, that's just karma. Brian won't feel one bit guilty about that.

Nicole's face goes a little pale. "Oh my god. That's ... that's a fortune." She reaches over and takes the paper, her eyes scanning the accounting.

"It's not bad at all. And I think some more donations are still trickling in. Agnes is on a mission." Helen laughs kindly.

"She's like a guardian angel. You all are. The hospital and doctors too for cutting my bills down to almost nothing." Nicole looks at Helen and Brian. "I can't tell you how sorry I am that Liam got involved in it. It still gives me nightmares, seeing him standing there on the edge of the campsite. I was so worried that ... that John was going to ..."

"We're not going to go over that again," says Helen, waving her off. "It wasn't your fault, it's over and done with, and Liam understands what happened. Like I said before, I would have liked to hold off on having him see that part of the real world until he was older, but it just didn't work out that way. Now he knows. And you can bet your sweet ass he'll never lay a finger on a woman as long as he lives because of it."

"He never would have anyway," Nicole says, smiling a little. "His parents are good people. They've taught him how to love, not hate."

"Okay, moving on ... I suggest that we wait to do anything housing-wise with the money until the DA makes her decision about whether to prosecute you or not," Helen says, leveling her gaze on Nicole. "There's no point in getting an apartment or a townhouse or whatever if you're going to jail."

"Helen, Jesus, lighten up a little, would ya?" Brian says, exasperated with her direct approach.

Nicole places a hand on Brian's arm. "Don't worry about it. She's just being honest and to the point. I appreciate it."

Helen continues, not at all dissuaded by Brian's request to not be so direct. "I hate to be brutally honest, but I also think you should hold off on any plastic surgery until you know what the DA will do."

"Why would she do that?" Brian asks. Now he's getting pissed. Nicole doesn't need any more excuses to hold off on the one thing that could help her get back into mainstream society without so many barriers.

"I'm not even sure I want surgery."

"She needs to keep her face as is," Helen explains, "so if she ends up on the witness stand fighting for her freedom, the jury will see what she suffered. Pictures won't be the same. You want them staring at her face. It's the most powerful piece of evidence she has." She looks at Nicole. "Sorry, Nick. I don't mean to be rude, but you know what I mean."

Nicole nods. "I know. Don't apologize. It is what it is."

"We don't know that," says Brian, downright angry. "Once the autopsy is done, they'll know the cause of death. That might be all they need." Noticing the stricken expression on Nicole's face, he takes her hand. "Sorry, babe. That was kind of harsh."

She shakes her head no, but doesn't say anything. She's not as quick to come to tears these days, and he can see she's fighting them back now. He shifts the conversation to help her out.

"So Agnes has invited us over for tea. All four of us. Or five if you want to bring your boyfriend, Helen."

"I might," Helen says, not revealing her hand. "It's tomorrow, right?"

"Yeah. Two o'clock." Brian glances at Nicole. He's not sure she wants to go. Tomorrow's a big day for her.

"That's when the DA says her decision will be made," says Nicole. "Sometime tomorrow."

"Yeah. I think that's the point," Brian says. "Tea as moral support or something."

"Good," Nicole says, standing. "I want to go."

"Are you sure?" Brian asks, looking up at her. "We can do whatever you want."

"No, this is what I want to do. I want to be with my friends when I find out."

"Will your lawyer be with you when he gives you the news or will he do it over the phone?" Helen asks. "I know he's working pro-bono so maybe that limits his ability to spend too much time on your case."

"Oh, no, he actually offered to be with me the entire day if you can believe that, which I don't think is normal. Everyone's being so nice, even his assistant. Thank you for introducing him to me, by the way. I don't think I've thanked you enough for that. Gary's an angel. I have a bunch of them flying around me these days it seems." Nicole smiles, her happiness restored. She spends a lot more time smiling now than she ever did, and it makes Brian feel like they've won a huge prize. Together, they've won her life back.

"He told me he won't take any of the money raised for you," says Helen. "And the firm isn't pushing him on it. I'm actually proud of the senior partners, if you can believe that."

"Why wouldn't you be? They're letting you transfer out of that department you don't like, too. Sounds like they're pretty fair people over there," says Nicole.

Helen sighs, standing as she collects the papers together. "I made assumptions about them I shouldn't have. I guess you never know how something's going to turn out until you actually try it. Guessing and imagining all the bad things that might happen is paralyzing." She lifts a finger. "Forward movement! That's my new motto. Now I'm off to do some studying. I'm so not prepared for my next case."

"What's it about?" Brian asks, getting up to help her to the door.

"Oh, it's about this woman who was kept a prisoner in her own home. Beaten to a pulp. And then she fought back. I'm thinking it's going to have a happy ending. I'm just there to put the icing on the cake."

Nicole freezes halfway to the door. "What? Are you helping my defense?"

Helen smiles. "Yes. And I'm building a civil case against that bastard. If he lives, he'll be paying for the rest of his life. If he dies, I want his insurance money for you. His estate will take care of it, like it or not."

"Did you decide to go ahead with that?" Brian asks Nicole. The last time they talked about it, she wasn't sure.

"I told my lawyer he could go ahead and look into it. He was very persuasive." She drops her gaze to the floor. "He said I could use whatever money I got to move Kitten to a new place. To have a proper burial with a headstone. I know I could do it with the money raised for me too, but I was also thinking about setting up a scholarship in her name. Something small. For girls whose mom's were hurt by domestic violence, maybe."

"You can do whatever you want with the money. Regardless, Kitten's getting all that stuff, Nicole, I promise you that." Brian takes her into a hug. "We're going to get through this, I swear."

"See you guys tomorrow," says Helen. "I'll show myself out."

"Bye, Helen." Brian hears the door opening and closing again, but he doesn't move. Sometimes he feels like he never wants to stop hugging Nicole, so he can keep her safe from everything. But he knows too that trying to shield her too much would be a mistake. She needs to stand on her own two feet now and figure out her place in the world. He only hopes there's room for him in the new life she creates for herself.

"I love you, Nicole, you know that, right?" He's suddenly seized with the idea that she's going to cut all ties with her past, him included.

"Yes, I do know that. You've been so good to me." She pulls out of his arms. "I just want you to know that you don't owe me anything. I owe you, but I don't want you to think I'm not going to pay you back. And I won't hold you to any promises, either. If you decide at any point you don't want to be a part of this, just say so. I'm going to be okay."

He gives her an almost anguished look. "Are you breaking up with me?" He hates feeling so weak, but there's nothing he can do about it. This woman has him wrapped around her finger, and she doesn't even know it.

She smiles, reaching up to smooth his face. "Are we even dating?"

"As soon as you're up to it, we are."

"I'm feeling pretty good today."

He smiles, his heart feeling just a tiny bit lighter. "Liam's with Helen tonight. How about a movie?"

"A stay at home movie sounds fine by me. And some Chinese takeout."

"Consider it done." Brian moves to the phone. "I'll call it in now and then we can go figure out which movie to rent."

"I'm on it," Nicole says, leaving the kitchen.

Brian watches her go, wondering when or if a date night with Nicole will ever actually mean leaving the house.

Chapter Fifty-Two

TEA SOUNDED LIKE A GOOD idea when Agnes proposed it a couple days ago. Now it's making Nicole twice as nervous to know that she's going to get the news that will determine her entire future with all these important people sitting next to her. People who might not be related to her by blood or law, but who are family regardless.

They are the ones who lifted her up when she was at her lowest, who've stood by her when she needed a helping hand, who are now going to walk the road next to her that either leads to prison or a new life. She's sure that no matter how hard she works at it for the rest of her life, she'll never be able to repay them for all they've done. For her and for Kitten.

Nicole's hand shakes as she lifts the tea cup to her lips.

"Chamomile calms the nerves and I added a little verveine to the mix too to help with stress." Agnes lifts the pot to pour some into Brian's cup.

"Are we worried about vampires?" asks Helen, winking over her tea at Nicole.

Nicole almost chokes on the lemony, flowery-smelling liquid. She's been watching Vampire Diaries re-runs with Helen for the past week so the reference isn't lost on her.

"Vampires? Heavens no." Agnes looks down into her cup. "Why would you think that?"

"Oh, no reason. So what are these?" Helen asks, holding up a small cake and doing a good job of distracting Agnes from the vampire remedy in her teacup.

"Oh, those are petit fours. I bought them at a cute little bakery I saw downtown called Desperate Measures. Ever heard of it? One of the ladies in my mahjong group suggested it."

Helen was busy chewing, but that didn't stop her from answering. "No I haven't, but I need their address, stat. This is amazing."

Brian's cell phone rings, startling them all into silence.

Nicole puts her cup back on the saucer, cringing when it rattles around. "Sorry." She grabs her napkin to wipe the tea from her hand and the table. "Did I break it?"

"No, you're fine. Just take your call," Agnes says, leaning forward to deal with the lake of tea that the cup is now swimming in.

Brian answers the call. "Hello, Brian Jensen." He pauses and stands, nodding at Nicole. "Yes, she's here. Hold on and I'll put her on." He holds out the phone.

Nicole reaches out with a trembling hand and takes the phone from him, putting it to her ear. "Hi. This is Nicole."

"Hello, Nicole, this is Gary."

"Hi, Gary. So do you have some news for me?" Butterflies are dancing the can-can in her stomach. She moves into the hallway so she has the bathroom nearby, just in case she suddenly has the urge to throw up.

"Yes. Good news and bad. Do you want me to come over and deliver it in person? I called because I figured you'd want to know as soon as possible."

"No, just tell me now. I can take it."

"Okay, so the good news is, no one's being charged with murder right now, so along with you not being charged for that, it also means no grand jury. The report came back from the coroner's office. From what the report is saying, the baby's death is considered mostly due to its premature age. There was some other medical verbiage there, but that's the gist."

"Okay." She fights back tears as she pictures the tiny baby she'd held in her arms for not enough time. "What else?"

Brian is standing close, his eyes showing giant question marks as he waits to hear the news himself. She keeps the phone to her ear, though. She wants to deal with this herself first, before she burdens anyone else with it.

"The issue we still have remaining is whether early medical intervention would have changed the baby's outcome. And for that, the DA is still considering charging you and John with something. What that would be, I'm not sure. I'd rather not say until I hear it from the horse's mouth."

Nicole nods, the tears coming now in full force. "Yes, I understand. That's fair."

"I don't know if I agree with that statement, but it's not my decision," Gary says. "The coroner is having a conversation with an obstetrics expert and we'll have that additional report maybe as soon as this evening, but probably more like tomorrow. The DA has asked the group involved in the whole thing to fast-track it. I explained the situation and the fact that you'd like to give the baby her burial, and everyone seems on board with making that happen. Regardless what happens with you and John, everyone wants Kitten to have her final resting place as soon as possible."

Nicole nods, unable to say anymore.

Brian notices her distress and holds out his hand for the phone. "What is it? What'd they decide?" he asks.

Nicole doesn't hear any more of it. She's suddenly too exhausted to process any more news about her life. "Thanks, Gary. Here's Brian." She leaves him with the phone and runs from Agnes's house.

Hiding in her bedroom in Brian's house under the covers where she can cry her eyes out seems to be the best plan of action for now. She's done being strong for today.

For the rest of the afternoon, Nicole cries for her daughter and for the life they'll never be able to have together because she wasn't strong enough to fight for them both.

Chapter Fifty-Three

BRIAN STANDS OUTSIDE NICOLE'S DOOR, wondering if he should follow through with his plan or let Nicole deal with her sadness in her own way. It doesn't take long for him to decide, feeling on some deep level that being alone isn't a good idea for her right now. She's been alone for way too long as it is.

He opens the door and finds her on her bed, curled into a ball and facing the far wall.

"Nicole? I came to see if you're ready for our date that didn't happen the other night because you fell asleep in the middle of the movie."

Her voice doesn't even sound like her. "I can't. I'm just going to stay here if that's okay."

Brian walks around the bed and sits down on the edge of it. He rubs her shoulder as he talks, trying not to express his reaction to seeing her face. She's been crying for hours, that much is obvious. Her injuries and the swelling from all her sorrow have turned her into something that looks almost non-human. His heart breaks for her and all she's lost.

"Babe, I think it's a really bad idea to let you sit here and wallow in the sadness. I know this whole situation hurts and your future is kind of up in the air right now, but this isn't helping you. You're going backwards not forwards."

"Forward movement is Helen's motto, not mine." She's staring at the wall, not even really acknowledging him. She sounds like a robot.

"Bull. It's all of us. We're all moving forward together. We're a team. A family. Right?" He shakes her shoulder a little. "Come on. Say it."

"No." She sniffs loudly and then coughs, finally breaking out of her trance.

"Yes. Say it. Say, you're my family."

"No." She sounds less robotic this time and only a little cranky.

"Yes. I insist."

"You're not the boss of me."

"That's true, but I am the guy who you agreed to go out on a date with."

"Raincheck." She turns her face deeper into the pillow.

"Nope. No rainchecks given, sorry." He pulls the pillow away and gently rolls her onto her back. Her casted arm flops over to rest across her belly.

"You can be really annoying sometimes, you know that?" she asks. A tear slips out of the corner of her eye and drips down to her ear and her chin trembles.

"I have been told that, by a few people, actually. But I never listen to what anyone says, so..."

"I noticed." She grabs the pillow back with her good hand and plops it over her face. Her voice comes out muffled. "Go away."

He takes the pillow and throws it across the room. It hits the wall and falls to the floor with a thump. "No. I have the movie all queued up and the food will be here any minute. Chinese stir-fry, take two."

The moment the words are out of his mouth, the doorbell rings.

"Saved by the bell," Nicole says, a slight smile tweaking the corners of her mouth.

"Not by a long shot," he says, getting up. "Get your buns out to the couch or I'm coming back in here with a bucket of ice water."

"You wouldn't!" she yells out after him. She sounds like she's been smoking three packs a day for twenty years.

"Try me!" he yells back. He's still smiling when he opens the door to the delivery guy.

The smallish teenager stares back at him with a confused expression before going back to his bland, uninterested look. "Uh, yeah. Delivery. You order from Ling Ling's?"

"Yep, how much do I owe you?" Brian digs into his front pocket.

The guy looks at the ticket stapled to the top of the bag. "Fourteen dollars and sixty three cents." He looks up and adds, "Plus tip." A flash of a cheesy smile lights up his face for all of two seconds before his mouth falls back into its mannequin-like dullness.

"Okay, here you go." Brian hands him a twenty.

"You want change?" the kid asks as Brian is shutting the door.

"Nope. Have a good one."

"Dude, thanks!" He's still staring at the money when the door closes in his face.

"Dinner's on!" Brian yells, going into the kitchen to grab the plates, cups, and silverware he already stacked up. Putting the bag on top of it all, he carries the whole thing out to the living room and puts it on the coffee table in front of the television. Two minutes later and the feast is ready. "You have ten seconds to get out here! I'm counting! Ten! Nine! ..."

"Keep your pants on! I'll be out in a minute," she says, and then the water goes on in the bathroom.

He sits back and smiles, pointing the remote at the television to get the movie started. Maybe he should be worried about being so heavy-handed with Nicole, considering all she's been through with that controlling monster, but for some reason, this just feels like the right thing to do. To not accept her surrender or her walking away from him and what he has to offer. If she rejects him because he's not the one for her, that's fine. But he won't accept being rejected because she's giving up on life in general. That will never work.

She appears in the entrance to the room. She's washed her face and brushed her hair, but she still looks run down and exhausted. "Hello, gorgeous," he says, getting up with a huge grin on his face. He can't help it. She's like an angel standing there in her white t-shirt and jeans. She could stay exactly like that for the rest of eternity and he'd still be thrilled to see her every day.

"Don't call me that," she says, coming into the room. "It's not true."

He meets her halfway. "Says you. Not me."

"Says the whole world."

"Bullshit. The whole world is on your side. And anyone who isn't, doesn't matter."

"Why are you so nice?" she asks, refusing to be led to the couch.

"Are we going to go through this again?" he asks, sighing. He doesn't give her a chance to argue back. "Fine. Here's the deal: I love you. I want you to live with me. Heck, I probably want more than that. But rather than jump right in and scare the crap out of you, I've decided to wine and dine you a little bit first."

"You have wine?" she asks, sounding sassy.

He loves it, knowing that a fighting Nicole is a winning Nicole.

"Yeah. It's in a box, but it's wine. And it's pink, like you like it. So come on over to my lair and sit down so I can wine you, dine you, and uh ... yeah. Wine you and dine you." His face burns a little over what he almost said.

She stares at him for a few long seconds before moving around him. "Fine. I'll take one glass of wine, but that's it. I'm not hungry."

He runs to get the wine before she can change her mind. He grabs two glasses and pours for both of them, even though he's not much of a pink wine guy. He knows John drank beer a lot, so he's been avoiding it around Nicole, not wanting to bring any memories of him into their relationship. At least not any more than are already there.

When he gets back she's staring at the television, but it's clear she's not seeing what's frozen on the screen.

"Here you go," he says, bumping into her on purpose as he sits down. "Pink wine. Yum."

She takes her glass. "Why are you drinking it? You don't even like it."

"Sure I do, I love this stuff." He holds up his glass. "Here's to you and me. To us."

She holds up her glass, keeping it close to her chest. "Friends." She looks down at her wine.

"No. More than friends. Come on." He moves his glass around a little. "Scared?"

She bites her lip and looks up at him. "A lot. This isn't a game to me."

"It's not to me either," he says, all traces of humor instantly gone.

They touch the sides of their glasses together. The ting rings out in the small room. They sip at the same time, never breaking eye contact.

"I really want to kiss you right now," he says, putting his glass slowly on the table, using his peripheral vision to guide him. He's afraid to break their gaze, afraid she'll pull back into her shell and not come out.

"I don't know what to say to that," she says, lowering her glass.

"I'll tell you what," he says, moving closer and simultaneously taking her glass from her and putting it on the table. "Say nothing at all if you want me to do it. Say no if you want me to stop. That's all you have to say, is no."

"No," she says.

He freezes. "Really?" Disappointment rushes through him.

The corner of her mouth quirks up. "I was just testing the system."

He laughs. "Come here, you." He takes her gently by the sides of her face and guides her mouth to his. Stopping just before he gets to her mouth, he detours over to her cheek. He presses his lips to her bruises, careful to keep his touch feather-light. He continues up to her forehead and then down her poor little nose. He wishes his kisses could be miracles of healing, giving her back the things she's lost.

"That feels nice," she whispers.

"Good," he says. "I want you to feel nice. All the time." He moves his lips to hers and she greets him hungrily. What he planned to be a slow seduction turns into a roaring wildfire of need. She becomes the aggressor and pushes into him, leaning him back into the couch cushions behind them.

"Whoa, whoa," he says, "slow down. I'm trying to seduce you here."

She smiles. "Really?"

"Of course. Isn't it obvious? Chinese food? Wine in a box?" He grins at how incredibly lame that sounds. "It's driving you wild, isn't it?"

"Something's driving me wild, but I don't think it's the wine in a box."

"Maybe it's just me, then," he says, as she moves towards him again.

"It's definitely you..."

Their mouths come together again and then he's on his back on the couch.

"Take your shirt off," she mumbles against his mouth.

He reaches back without hesitation and yanks on the back of his shirt, pulling it out from underneath him and over his head. It flies over the edge of the couch.

"Now you," he says. He helps her with getting it over her cast. She's left sitting above him in a pink bra he knows Helen bought for her. "You're so pretty," he says, staring at her face.

She frowns.

"Don't do that," he says, putting his hand up to cover her mouth. "Don't frown at me. I'm allowed to call you pretty."

She shakes her head. "Just don't say anything about how I look." Her good mood has vanished.

"Fine. Let's just make out some more." He sits up and wraps his arms around her, pulling her up against him.

She's smiling again. "You're so bossy."

"I'm just desperate to feel your body against mine," he whispers against her lips before plunging his tongue between them.

She moans and it makes him completely hard. He was already halfway there, but this was all he needed to finish the job.

"I love when you do that," he says, reaching around to grab her ass and squeeze it with both hands.

She moves against him in slow circles, making him moan right along with her.

He thanks the stars above that Liam is with his mother for the next few days as he pictures his next move. At the rate they're going now, he'll be at heaven's gate in no time. And as much as part of him is warning that he needs to hold back, the other part is much more insistent. It wants to be inside this woman more than anything else in the world.

"What are we doing?" she gasps as his hand covers her small breast and kneads it.

"Whatever you want to be doing," he says, pushing his hips up against her, feeling his rod sink a little into her softness. It's hot between them, and he senses her desire is getting away from her. The evil part of him rejoices, while the good guy in charge, makes him slow down. He moves his hands from her ass to her lower back.

"I want to do this," she says, getting breathless. "I need this. I need something good in my world right now."

He sits up, spinning around so that she's in his lap facing him, zipper to zipper.

"Are you sure?" he asks, kissing her chest and then her breast. He takes her nipple into his mouth and sucks and licks the tip of it.

She drops her head back. "Yessss," she hisses out. "Oh, that feels so ... nice."

He moves to the other breast, doing the same licking, sucking and squeezing that she liked a moment ago.

She moans in response.

"Let's go into the bedroom," he says, kissing up to her neck.

"No. I don't want to wait." She struggles to get out of his lap and strips her clothes off with one hand, nearly falling in her hurry to get her pants down her legs.

"Whoa, slow down, babe. We don't have to rush it." He's saying this but at the same time he's cheering her on in his head. He's hard as a rock and throbbing with need for her. There's nothing he wants more right now than to bury himself in her warmth and get lost for a long time.

"Take your pants off. Let me help you." She pulls him up to his feet and messes around with his button. "Are you going to help me or not?"

He laughs, moving his hands from her shoulders to his waistband. "I thought you wanted to do it."

She smacks him lightly on the chest. "Stop messing with me. I'm serious."

He unzips his pants and releases his hard c**k from its confines, breathing out a sigh of relief as it meets the cool air. It falls onto her abdomen and she wastes no time taking it in her hand.

A shock of sheer pleasure shoots down his c**k and into his stomach, warming him all the way through. As her small hand moves up and down the velvety hardness, he has a hard time breathing. His balls jump with every stroke, aching to feel more of her, but willing to do with just this and go all the way to the end. Ready or not, here I come.

He takes her wrist and stops her motions. "Wait."

She looks up at him, stricken. "Am I doing it wrong?"

"Hell no. You're going to make me come."

"That quick?" She's confused.

He growls and swoops her gorgeous naked body up into his arms. "What do you expect, woman? You're gorgeous standing there all naked and jumping my bones. Do you know how long it's been?" He strides off down the hallway, turning slightly so her head and feet don't hit the walls.

"Where are we going?" she squeals. She doesn't sound upset about it. Not at all.

"We're going to do this right." He makes it into his room and pretends he's going to launch her onto the bed from the door, but then walks over and only drops her from a foot above the bed.

She screams and then giggles, landing on her back with a gentle poof of the covers. "You're a neanderthal!"

That calms him right down. All the steam goes out of him and he stands there, just breathing heavy. "I don't want to be like that with you. I want to show you how a man can be gentle."

A slow smile curls up her lips. "Well ... what are you waiting for?"

He moves around to the bottom of the bed. "I'm just waiting for an invitation, I guess."

She lifts an eyebrow as she takes in his naked form, her eyes roaming from his face down to his cock, thrust out at her, totally ready for anything she's willing to offer.

She curls her finger, gesturing for him to come closer. "Consider yourself invited."

Chapter Fifty-Four

NICOLE IS COMPLETELY SHOCKED WHEN he stops only partway up from the bottom of the bed to kiss her knees. It should be silly, but instead it's erotic. She had no idea that her knees are this sensitive. They jerk a little in response and a warmth gathers between her legs.

He begins kissing his way up her thighs, stopping every once in awhile to lick or go back a few inches. It's maddening how he keeps getting closer to her hot center but then at the last second does something she doesn't expect. She squirms in delight and anticipation.

His tongue comes into her folds one time and then he's gone again. She tips her head back and moans, closing her eyes so she can only feel what he's doing. The darkness covers her sight and brings her to another place, a place where there is only heat and love and an urgency building inside her.

She wants to be filled by him, to be stretched by him, to be owned by him, if only for a moment. More than that would be too much, but just a little ... perfection.

His tongue touches her again down there and she flinches at the shock that moves up into her core. She feels herself swelling down there, getting ready for him to enter her. He'll slide in perfectly, she knows it. She saw him earlier when he stripped for her and she's imagining right now how it will feel to have him going inside her. And then his tongue is there and she can't help but moan low and long.

"You like that?" he asks, just before sucking her ever so slightly.

She screams for a split second and then pants quickly to try and gain control of her runaway sensations and emotions. "Yes! But you need to stop!"

He pulls away and then begins crawling up. "That quick?" he asks, the devil in his voice.

She opens her eyes and sees him above her, his recklessly sexy expression telling her he knows exactly what he's doing to her.

"You're a devil," she says. "A sex demon."

"Hmmmm, I like the sound of that." He drops onto his back next to her, pulling a condom out and rolling it down over his hard-on. When he's done, he remains there, doing nothing.

She sits partway up, confused. "What are you doing?"

He wiggles into the covers a little and shuts his eyes. Reaching down, he takes his c**k in hand and points it to the ceiling. "I'm waiting for you to get on top and get busy."

She laughs. "Are you insane?"

He cracks one eye open. "Who me? Nope, I'm completely and totally sane. And about to go nuts with wanting to be inside you, so if you could hurry up about it?" He closes his eyes again.

She feels her face going red. "I've never been on top."

"It's just like riding a bike. Hop on and start pedaling. I'll help hold you up so you don't put too much pressure on your knee."

She's been telling him for days that the knee is completely fine. She's sure it won't be a problem, and seeing his arousal is too much for her. She can't not do this, even though it's intimidating and a whole lot embarrassing. She gets up awkwardly with only one arm to steady herself, standing over him on the bed, straddling him on either side with her feet.

"Now what?" she asks, looking down at him.

He looks first at his c**k and then up at the place between her legs. "Well, I've been told I'm well endowed, but I'm pretty sure it's not that long."

She giggles. "I'm coming down there in just a minute."

"I hope so," he says, swaying his c**k around a little. "Don't wait too long, though."

She lowers herself first to one knee and then the other, feeling the tip of his c**k pressing against her folds as she puts the second knee to the mattress. Testing the pressure, she finds that it doesn't hurt. "Oh," she says with a small gasp as the head pushes past her barrier to find her opening.

"Oh, is right," he says, closing his eyes and pulsing his hips up once, very slowly.

She eases herself down over him, taking him in, inch by inch, everything smooth as silk.

He hisses out a long breath as she brings herself to the point where their bodies are touching. She waits for a few seconds as her body adjusts to having him inside her, stretching her to the limit.

"Oh, babe. Be careful," he says, his voice barely a whisper.

"Be careful of what?" she asks, moving her hips a little. She loves feeling him all the way at the end of her and at the entrance too, at the same time. She controls the stretching, the tingling, the movement of her clit across his hard abdomen.

More hot wetness appears and makes his rod slick. She eases up and then down again, reveling in the shocks to her system. At the bottom again, she moves in small circles, building the heat, feeling something coming for her. It's something both pleasant and frightening. She's never felt this before, not with anyone.

"Holy shit, I'm going to come soon," Brian says. He sounds angry. "Fuck. You're doing this to me, you bad girl."

The idea of being a bad girl and bringing him to his knees is some kind of crazy aphrodisiac. She knows exactly what he means when he says it's already happening. She feels it too, a wave of something bigger than her, bigger than her past, her problems, and her immediate concerns. Life fades away into the background as the heat between them takes center stage. Nothing else matters right now.

His hips pull back as his hands push her upwards. Then he brings their bodies crashing together with a sharp upward thrust of his c**k and a yanking down of her hips.

She moans with it, trying to keep moving in a complimentary rhythm. Up and down and around. They both move to build the passion, in perfect synchronicity.

"Babe ... babe, this feels so good. You're so good at this," he says, his voice low and raspy.

She glances down to find him staring up at her.

"Don't look at me," she cries, worried he'll suddenly go cold seeing her face.

"Fuck that," he growls, grabbing her around the waist and flipping her over onto her back, mindful of her casted arm and knee, and making sure they're both out of the way before he continues. Hooking an arm under her good leg, he hikes her knee up and pushes into her. "Oh, yeah," he says, his eyes closing for a moment before he looks at her again.

"I told you to stop looking at me," she whispers. She moans as he pushes into her again and grinds against her in small circles and then up and back.

"I love looking at you. I'll never stop looking at you." He grits his teeth and speaks through them, as if he's exercising extreme control. "Now get ready."

"Get ready for what?" she asks, barely able to get the words out.

He says nothing. Instead, he increases his pace, slamming into her forcefully with quick, sharp flicks of his hips.

Whereas this kind of lovemaking would have panicked her in the past, this time, it's exactly what she wants. She cries out with the ecstasy of having a man love her and give her what she wants without her even knowing what it could be.

The pulses that were building deep inside her reach a crescendo. She opens her legs as wide as she can to give him full access, and he buries himself even deeper.

It's too much.

Too much too fast.

She screams as wave after wave of heat and orgasm consume her.

He shouts in her ear. "Nicole!" He's grunting past each heavy breath, his entire body driving into her as if he's having seizures.

"Brian!" she screams, holding onto him with every ounce of strength she has in her one good arm. No more words will come. All sentences she might have been putting together to express how he's making her feel fall into a million muddled pieces. She can't speak anymore. Nothing makes sense in this moment. Maybe it never will again.

The room goes black and she's floating in another place. She's not in his house anymore or the neighborhood where she's lost so much; she's been absorbed into the feelings they have between them. It's a nice, safe place she's not in any hurry to leave. Pulsing up her hips, she finds she can extend the sensation that much longer, until she gets to the point that it's painful.

It's then that she finally stops and comes back down to Earth. A long sigh escapes her, accompanied by a whimper of satisfaction as she once again joins the real world and re-enters her life.

"Did I hurt you?" Brian asks, kissing her forehead, putting most of his weight on her.

"My knee is a little sore." She says, her eyes still closed.

"Oh, shit. Sorry about that." He slowly withdraws from her and falls back onto the bed next to her. A moment later, he sits up and touches her knee gently. "Does that hurt?"

"A little." She should have known better than to put her weight on it like that, but it was just too tempting to ignore. Life's too short to worry about injured body parts. She laughs at the ridiculousness of the thought. She feels drunk or high on drugs maybe. For the first time, she knows what love-drunk means, and she almost can't believe it applies to her.

"I'm going to get you some ice." His weight leaves the bed.

"Get me some food!" she yells.

Minutes later he's back in the room with a bag of ice and a sack full of Chinese. "Did someone say food?" He puts the ice on her knee and hands her a small, long package. "Your chopsticks, my love."

Chapter Fifty-Five

BRIAN COULD HAVE LAIN IN bed all night and the next day with Nicole, but today is her big day. He forces her to get up and get showered, even while she moans and groans through the whole process. He even blow-dries her hair for her, doing his best to style it.

"Not bad," she says, looking in the mirror as he bends down and kisses her neck. "You did well with what little hair I have left."

"I love playing with your hair. I'll do that every day if you want. It's growing back. And it's nice and soft." He runs some of it through his fingers and then puts it under his nose, closing his eyes and smelling it, wanting to memorize her scent.

"I want today to not happen," she says, her expression going dark. She looks sad.

"Why? Today's the day we move forward in a big way. While we wait for the call, we can take a walk, we could talk about your possible surgery or the weather or Agnes's garden party she invited us to for next month. Whatever you want."

"Are those my only choices?"

"Do you have something better in mind?" He lifts a lascivious eyebrow at her.

"Don't even ...," she warns, trying to sound stern, "my you-know-what is so sore right now."

"Your you-know-what? What about my you-know-what? I'm chapped."

"Ew, gross!" she says, slapping him away. "Go over there. I can't concentrate when you're so near me."

He moves away and stares at her. "I like that about you. It's a very attractive quality, you know, your inability to focus on anything when I have a hard-on."

She can't help but laugh at him. "You're such a guy sometimes."

"I hope so," he says, crossing his arms.

"You're one of those bad boys."

"Aw, come on. I'm an angel."

"Fine. One part devil and nine parts angel."

"You like that mix, don't try and deny it."

She sighs. "I admit. It's probably close to perfect for me."

"Are you regretting what we did? Last night I mean?" he asks, moving close again.

"No. Not at all. I'm just hoping I can stay out of jail so we can ... you know..." She looks down into her lap.

"Move forward. Together."

She nods.

"You believe me now, I hope," he says, gently massaging her shoulders, "that I think you're beautiful."

"Yes. I believe you when you say you find me attractive. I'm going to set up an eye doctor appointment for you later."

He bends down and kisses her head. "Shush. I've got perfect vision. I proved it last night. Besides ... maybe you can fool the eyes, but you can't fool the dick."

She laughs, twisting around in her seat. "Rude!"

"No, seriously. I proved to you last night how attractive I find you. Try and deny it."

She shakes her head. "No. I'm not even going to try."

"So what do you want to do today then? While we wait." He squats down next to her chair so he can look her in the eyes.

She takes a deep breath and lets it out. "I want to plan Kitten's funeral. Regardless of where I end up tomorrow, I want to get that done."

"Okay, fine," he says, matter-of-factly and without hesitation. "Let's do this." He gets up and holds out his hand.

"You're too easy," she says, taking his offer of help and standing up. Together they move towards the living room.

"Do you want me to be difficult?"

"Hell no. Stay easy. I like easy."

"Done," he says, getting a pen and paper out of the drawer. He puts them down on the table and motions to the seat in front of him. "Sit here and write whatever you want for her on this list. I'll make sure it happens."

She stares at the paper and then at him. "That easy?"

"Didn't we already cover this?"

She smiles. He can tell she's working very hard at not letting any tears come.

"You're too good to me," she says, her voice wobbly.

He moves close and kisses her on the forehead. "I figure I have a lot of bad memories to erase from this head of yours before I can even get started on making happy ones. I'm working double time to catch up."

"There are some things I'll never forget," she says. "I'm permanently scarred on the outside and the inside. No matter what you say or do, I'll always be less of who I used to be."

He takes her face in his hands and looks right into her eyes. "Different, not less. And you probably shouldn't forget everything. Certainly not Kitten and not the things that are making you a stronger person right now." He lets her go and steps around her seat, walking towards the door to the garage. "I'm going to go work on something in the shop. Give me a shout when you're tired of being alone."

"Okay." She slips down into the seat and picks up the pen, staring at the blank page.

Chapter Fifty-Six

LETTING HER MIND DRIFT TO the few stolen moments she had to look into her daughter's face, Nicole tries to conjure the image of her that remains burned in her memory. Tiny eyelashes. Itty bitty fingers with translucent skin. The finest fuzz of an eyebrow over each eye. Totally bald head. She was perfect in every way, but forced out into the world too soon. Nicole bends over the task of creating a fitting goodbye to the only daughter she will ever have.

Fifteen minutes into the process, Brian comes out of the garage holding his phone. "It's your lawyer." His face is etched with lines of concern.

"What did he say?" she asks, her heart squeezing in her chest painfully.

"Nothing to me. You know he only talks to you. Besides, this is your call to take, not mine." He hands the phone to her. "Do you want me to stay or go?"

"Stay," she says, taking the phone. She doesn't pull away when he takes her hand in his.

"Hi, this is Nicole." She works hard to keep her voice confident and tear-free.

"Hey, Nicole. I've got your news. Are you sitting down?"

"Yes." She stares at her daughter's funeral arrangements and the words begin to blur as she focuses on the deep voice of the man who knows her fate.

He sighs. "You're being charged with culpable negligence."

Her heart stops beating for a few seconds. Fear grips her in its icy hands and goosebumps appear all over her body. "What does that mean?" She grits her teeth painfully to keep a handle on her emotions.

"Well, several things. First of all, the good news is that it's not a felony, so there will be no jail time."

"Oh, thank God." She can breathe again, although the ache in her heart is still there.

"There will be a fine and possibly some minor issues to deal with, but really, it's what I consider a bullshit charge. I'm happy to fight it for you. I think the DA is under pressure to do something, to show she's tough or whatever. Honestly, in our jurisdiction, the case law tells me this thing won't hold up."

"I don't care. I don't want you to fight it."

"It's your call, but before you make that choice, at least let me tell you what it's technically saying about what happened, okay?"

"Okay. Can you do that now or do I have to wait?"

"Yeah, hold on a second. I just need to get the jury instructions. That's probably the clearest way to describe it to you."

"Okay, I'll hold."

"What'd he say?" Brian asks. He pulls out the chair next to her and sits down.

"He says they're going to charge me with culpable negligence but that there's no jail time for that."

Brian frowns. "And?"

"And he says he could fight it but I don't want him to."

"Why?"

"Just wait," she says. "He's going to read me something."

"You still there?" the lawyer asks, the sound of papers rustling in the background making its way over the line.

"Yes, I'm ready."

"Okay, so if there were a trial, these are kind of the instructions the judge would read to the jury before they went into deliberations. When I talk to my clients who are facing this kind of decision, this is what I do. I read parts of the jury instructions because it puts the law into very practical terms. So these are the instructions for culpable negligence: Culpable negligence is a course of conduct showing reckless disregard of human life, or of the safety of persons exposed to its dangerous effects, or such an indifference to the rights of others as is equivalent to an intentional violation of such rights. Culpable negligence is consciously doing an act or following a course of conduct that the defendant must have known, or reasonably should have known, was likely to cause death or great bodily injury." He pauses. "I took a lot of stuff out, but you get the idea."

"Wow. I ... don't know what to say to that." Tears well up in her eyes as she considers the weeks before her daughter's untimely birth and then the night she chose to go out into the garage and lay on a pile of blankets. Choices. Life is all about making choices with the information you have at hand at the moment you're making them. She wants to believe she did the very best she could have, all things considered, but if the district attorney feels differently, it's probably true that she had other options. Options she failed to consider or act on. Other options that might have meant the difference between her daughter living or dying.

"Yeah, it's a mouthful. And legally speaking, I'm confident the DA won't be able to prove reckless disregard or that what you did or didn't do was likely to cause death. The coroner's report backs that up one hundred and ten percent."

"I don't think I agree with you," Nicole says, imagining herself giving birth in a pristine hospital bed instead of a dirty garage floor, and the chance her daughter might have had to live instead of ending up in the cold ground without even a funeral to lay her spirit to rest.

"I'm speaking in legal terms. You're speaking from a totally different perspective, and I get that. Regardless, you have the choice to accept the charges as they are, waive your right to a trial, and have a judge decide your fate ... or you can fight it, and while I can't guarantee anything, I feel confident I could get you off without any charges. At least, you wouldn't end up with anything worse than that. And your case is pro bono, so the expense shouldn't be a concern."

Nicole takes a shaky breath. "Your time is valuable, whether you're charging me or not. And I really am fine with this outcome. I don't believe I should just walk away without paying some price. I just don't. I can't explain it any better than that to you, I'm sorry."

"That's okay. You don't need to. No need to apologize either. I'm going to enter into negotiations with the DA, with your permission, to try and get the fine involved lowered and so on."

Nicole grips the phone hard, nervous and scared but determined to get this done. "I don't want you to do that. Just accept whatever she thinks is fair and get it over with."

"Nicole, she's not thinking fair. She's thinking be as tough as possible, even when the charge is bogus."

"That's fine with me. I deserve to be treated that way. That's how I want it."

The lawyer sighs. "Okay, if that's how you want to play it. You're going against my advice, which is to at least attempt a plea bargain, but that's your prerogative. I'll do what you want. I'll get back to you later today or tomorrow with the details."

"But no jail, right? I'm not going to jail?"

"No. This is not a felony, so there will be no jail time."

Nicole lets out a deep breath that she feels like she's been holding for days. Weeks, maybe. "Thank you so much, Gary. I'm sorry I'm not going along with your advice. I really am."

"Hey, I'm no one to judge, okay? Don't apologize to me. I'm just here to help you as much as you'll let me and as much as I can. I'll be in touch."

"Okay, thanks. Bye."

Nicole hands the phone to Brian and then before either of them even have time to say a word, she bursts out sobbing. Throwing herself into Brian's arms, she speaks into his neck. "It's over. I don't have to go to jail."

"Thank God." He buries his face in her hair. His voice comes out muffled. "Nicole, I'm so happy for you. For us."

"Me too." She feels like her heart is going to implode with the pain. "But I miss her so much. I know I never knew her, but I miss her. It's so unfair. Why did she have to pay such a high price for my mistakes?"

Brian stands and pulls her to her feet long enough so that he can pick her up like a baby and carry her to the living room. He sits down with her in his lap and holds her close. "Shhhh, I know you feel bad, babe. I know you do. But it's not fair to blame this on yourself. It's not fair and I won't let you do it. If you want to put the fault on someone, you blame the only one at fault and that's John. Plain and simple."

Nicole can't argue the blame issue. No one will see it like she does. And all she can imagine now is the beautiful baby she held in her arms for too short a time. "She was so tiny, and pretty. She had my nose. My old one. I could totally see it." Her face is hot with tears and sorrow.

"I'll bet she was beautiful," he says, stroking her hair.

Nicole pulls back and stares at Brian, desperation making her voice go higher. "I need to have a service for her. I need to do that as soon as possible. I can't wait anymore."

"Then let's do it. I'll go start making calls right now." Brian puts some space between them, his expression going hopeful. "And while I'm making the calls, I want you to talk to Helen about the surgery. Let's make all the positive changes in your life we can right now. Let's not wait. Time is too short to let another day slip by in limbo."

Nicole nods. "Forward movement."

"Yes. Forward movement. Together." He kisses her on the mouth and then slides out from under her. "Use the phone on my desk for Helen. I'm going to use the cell for the arrangements."

He disappears into the kitchen and Nicole takes a few moments to dry her eyes and blow her nose with tissue from the box on the table. Her hands are still shaky, but she pushes through and calls Helen's number.

The phone is answered after only one ring. "Hello, this is Helen. What's the news?"

"Hey, Helen, this is Nicole."

"I know it's you, now tell me! Did you hear yet?"

"Yes. No jail time, but a charge of culpable negligence."

A string of swearing goes on away from the phone before Helen comes back. "I knew it. That bitch. You going to fight it?"

"No."

"I knew that too. Dammit." Her voice goes softer. "I wish you would, but I get why you don't want to."

Nicole doesn't want to have that conversation, so she jumps right into the reason for her call. "Can I ask you a question?"

"Of course. Anything."

"You mentioned you know a surgeon..."

"Yes, I do. A really good one, as a matter of fact."

"I've been thinking ... maybe he can do something about my nose. And maybe my ears?"

"I'm sure he could. I've already talked to him."

"You did?" At first Nicole's not sure whether to be happy or annoyed at that, but it takes less than a second for her to appreciate what her friend was trying to do for her. Nicole knows she's lucky to have these people caring for her like they are. Just a month ago, she was a virtual stranger, and yet now they treat her like one of the family; and this is what family does.

"Yes. And I showed him pictures from my cell phone. He says he could do a full consult if he had a picture of you the way you were. You know ... before the abuse."

"I have one. Or I should say, John has one. It's at his house on the front hall table."

"Then we'll just have to get it."

Nicole immediately goes cold with fear. "Go in his house? I couldn't do that."

"I think it would be good for you. We'll go together. You, me, and Brian. Let's go kick some ass on those ghosts of yours."

Nicole tries to answer, but her voice comes out sounding strangled. "I ... gah ... I don't know about..."

"I'm coming over right now. No better time than the present, right?"

The phone goes dead and Nicole just stares at it, the butterflies flying mad circles and figure-eights in her stomach.

Chapter Fifty-Seven

LOCKED DOORS DON'T STOP BRIAN for a second. Wrapping his hand with an old work rag, he punches out a pane of glass on the back door and has the thing unlocked in less than a minute. The place has a musty smell to it. John hasn't made it out of the hospital yet, apparently, because the place definitely doesn't have a lived-in feel anymore.

There's a layer of dust on everything and something rotten coming from the area around the refrigerator. Brian walks quickly through the house to stand at the front door, waiting for Nicole, Helen, and Agnes to join him inside. The key sitting in the lock makes it a piece of cake to let them in.

"Come on," Helen says, taking Nicole by the elbow. "Time to slay some dragons."

Nicole doesn't budge. Her face is pale-white and she's shaking her head. "I can't."

Brian holds out a hand. "Come on, babe. There's nothing in here that can hurt you anymore."

Nicole's taking big gulping breaths. It looks like she might be ready to vomit.

Agnes places her hand on Nicole's shoulder. "Sweetie, what are you worried about? Tell us. Maybe we can help."

Nicole stares down at the threshold. "I just ... I sat on the other side of that line, wanting to come out for so long. And now I'm here. I'm afraid ... I'm afraid ..." She looks at the ceiling of the porch, as if tipping her head back will keep the tears from falling. "... If I go back in, maybe I'll wake up and realize this was all a dream." She looks at Agnes and then Brian. "...That I'll be inside again, looking out."

"But you know that's not true," says Agnes, her tone letting everyone know how badly she feels for Nicole. "You're a smart girl. Besides, you know you've never had a dream this detailed before."

Nicole looks at her absently. "That's true." She goes back to staring at Brian, her face full of anguish. "But I'm still afraid."

Brian steps over the threshold and holds out his hands. "Take my hands and I'll go with you. You're not alone."

"We all will," says Helen, holding out a hand too.

"Together," says Agnes. She holds out a frail, bony hand.

Nicole takes Agnes's and Helen's hands, laughing just slightly as she looks at Brian apologetically. "I only have two."

"See? You have more help than you need." Brian walks up and takes her face gently. "Nothing can hurt you anymore in here. Just painful memories, but we're here for you, okay? Come on ... let's do this."

Nicole walks forward as Brian's hands slip down to her shoulders. He's guiding her without pulling, as the women walk next to her.

She smiles briefly. "I feel like I'm in a love straightjacket."

"Am I holding too tight?" asks Agnes. "I have to admit, I'm a little nervous. I can imagine how scared you must be."

"No, I don't mean it like that." Nicole looks at the older woman. "I like love straightjackets. They make me feel safe."

Brian backs over the threshold and lets Nicole go. "Your turn," he says, glancing down at the slight rise in the flooring Nicole has to move her feet over before she's officially inside the house.

Nicole lets Helen and Agnes go. "Okay." She huffs out a loud breath and squares her shoulders. "I can do this." Lifting her foot and letting it hesitate over the threshold for a few seconds, she finally steps into the house. One foot in front of the other puts her into the foyer where she stops and looks around.

Helen and Agnes come in right behind her.

"It smells different," says Nicole, wrinkling her nose a little.

"No one's been in here for a while," says Agnes. "The place needs a good dusting."

"There's rotten food in the fridge," Brian says.

"Someone should just burn the whole thing down," says Helen, walking into the living room. She stares down at the holes in the carpeting. "What happened here?"

Brian clears his throat, glancing at Nicole before he answers. She seems to be waiting for his explanation.

"That's where I found Nicole. He probably cut out the spots in the carpet that had blood on them."

"Must have been quite a bit," says Agnes, holding onto the edge of the arch leading into the room.

"So where's this picture?" asks Helen, walking back to the front hall and facing Nicole.

Nicole points to a narrow table against the stairs. "It used to be there. He always kept it there where I'd have to see it all the time."

"Stay here," Brian says. "I'm going to look around for it." He doesn't stick around to deal with any of the reticence he expects to get from Nicole. This whole place just depresses the hell out of him and he has no desire to stick around any longer than necessary.

Taking the stairs two at a time, he quickly finds himself at the top and goes into the closest room. It's empty except for a weight bench and miscellaneous work-out equipment. The room at the end of the hall reveals what he assumes is the master suite.

There's a bed in the middle of the room against the far wall. The bedspread is so tight, he imagines a quarter bounced on the top would fly right up to the ceiling. It makes him think that John must have been a military guy or maybe one of his parents was. It's perfectly symmetrical with two identical nightstands on either side.

He walks over to the side nearest the attached bathroom. Opening the top drawer he finds two pictures. One is a photo of a woman with an infant wrapped in a blanket. Her hair is dyed black and she's thin. Her smile is haunting, but she's definitely not Nicole, so he pushes it to the side in favor of the other.

His eyes take in the contents of this second frame. It probably used to have a photograph inside, but now it has a shredded one there instead.

Picking it up, he looks at the image behind the glass. It's a close-up of Nicole; he can tell by the beautiful eyes. But the rest of what's there will probably do little to help the surgeon. It's been ripped and then put back together, but not the way it had originally been. The strips are all off-kilter, making her face appear warped. It's so obviously off, it has to have been done this way on purpose. It gives him chills, and he refuses to think of the point behind John's cruelty; he's sure he won't understand it anyway.

He looks over his shoulder to be sure no one has followed him up and then quickly takes the frame apart. The pieces of photograph paper fall to the bed in a mess of long strips and smaller squares. There's nothing holding them together. He gathers them up and puts them as gingerly as he can into his front pocket, throwing the frame and its backing under the bed. The last thing he wants is for Nicole to see this mess of her face. She already has enough issues with her image and John's responsibility for ruining it.

Helen walks in. "Find anything?"

"Uh, no not really."

She comes in farther. "Nicole's downstairs. She's looking out the back window. Have you seen it back there?"

"The graves? Yeah." Brian suppresses a shudder. "Fucking awful is what it is."

"Jesus, you said it. That guy is a goddamn monster. If he ever gets out of that hospital, I hope someone hunts him down and kills his ass."

"Part of me wants that too, but mostly so Nicole can sleep at night. I'm too worried about karma to wish death on the guy."

"Did you really find nothing?" Helen's staring at him funny.

Brian's never been able to get away with lying to her. "Actually I found the picture, but he pretty much destroyed it. I have it in my pocket. Maybe someone can fix it. But I don't want her to see it."

"You don't want me to see what?"

Brian spins around and faces Nicole at the door, reversing into the drawer to close it with the back of his thighs.

"Uhhh ... nothing? The bedroom?" He looks around in a panic.

Nicole comes into the room and stands at the foot of the bed facing Helen and Brian. "I feel better now that I'm in here. Now that I've seen Kitten's old resting place. Tell me what you found."

Brian tenses his jaw muscle, hating that he opened his big mouth.

"Just tell her. She can take it. She's strong." Helen leaves the room. "I'll be downstairs," she says from the hallway.

"Tell me. She's right, I am strong. I feel like I could take anything right now."

"I found the picture." He puts his hands on her upper arms. "He ripped it up and put it back in the frame in pieces. I think I can get someone to put it back together, though."

"Where is it?" She looks around the room.

Brian drops his hands. "It's in my pocket. The pieces, anyway. The frame's under the bed."

Nicole crosses her arms. "You were going to hide it from me?"

The guilt attacks him full force. "I was just trying to protect you. It wasn't ... nice."

She drops her arms. "You're going to have to stop doing that all the time. I need to stand on my own now."

Brian backs up and walks over to the window. "I don't want to stop. I want to protect you forever. That's my job."

Nicole walks up behind him as he looks down over the graves, both of them empty now. It makes him furious and sick to see the holes meant for people he loves. He never met Kitten, but it doesn't matter. He loves her like she's his own child now and her loss is horribly painful.

"If I never learn to protect myself, I'll never feel safe. Can you understand that?"

He sighs heavily. "I guess I can. But that doesn't change my feelings."

"How about we agree to let me do the best I can at protecting myself, and if I ever fall down, you be ready to step in. Can we do it that way?"

He turns around to face her. Her expression breaks him. "Yeah, babe. We can do it that way." He takes her in his arms, wishing he could take her away from everything, but knowing that would be the worst thing to do for her right now. The powerlessness is killing him.

"Thank you. Thank you for understanding and for everything."

"I love you, Nicole."

"I love you too, Brian. And Liam. And Helen."

"Ready to go?"

She looks up. "I just want to show you where Kitten was born first. I need to see it one more time and then never again."

He nods, unable to voice his response. Now is not the time to lose it, and he's on a hair trigger.

Nicole brings him down to the garage door that's off the foyer. They're joined by Agnes and Helen. They're looking at each other with questions in their eyes, but Helen is the only one who speaks.

"Where's this lead to?" she asks.

"The garage," Nicole says in a soft voice. She opens the door and swings it wide. Stepping out onto the hard floor, she shuffles over to the far corner.

Brian follows, his mood somber and his heart aching. He cannot fathom what could possibly have been going on inside her head that night to make her think this was her best choice. This is where a dog or a cat or even a rodent would come to give birth, not a young woman about to have a baby girl. This isn't even close to fit for a human being, let alone the woman he sees standing before him. There are oil stains everywhere, dirt balls, dust, and particles of God knows what on everything. It smells like something old and awful.

"That's it," she says, pointing to a dark place.

Brian moves over to it and squints through the darkness. It's when his eyes become used to the dim lighting that he realizes there are blankets there. Stained blankets.

"Oh shit," he whispers. "It's still ..."

"I couldn't ever come out here before," she says. "And John left it there to torture me. He talked about it sometimes."

"I have to leave. I'm sorry," says Agnes, before stepping back into the house.

Nicole stands there, her head held up and her eyes clear. "That's where my daughter was born. It's sacred to me." Her voice is strong.

Helen rubs her back. "You are the strongest woman I know. You went through so much and you came out here to save yourself and her. I'm so pissed you won't fight that charge."

"I don't want to talk about that anymore," Nicole says, turning around, no anger in her voice. She sounds resigned and ... free, for the first time since Brian met her. "I'm ready to go now."

Brian looks back one more time at the spot in the corner of the garage before joining her and Helen in the front hall. Agnes is out on the porch.

"So, we all ready to go?" asks Brian.

"Ghosts exorcised?" asks Helen.

Nicole nods. "Yep. I'm ready to leave this all behind me."

They walk out of the house, not bothering to lock up behind them.

Chapter Fifty-Eight

THE MORNING OF THE FUNERAL dawns rainy and gray. It's a fitting backdrop to the sad affair. Nicole is sitting at the kitchen table having a cup of tea when Brian walks in with a suit on.

"Wow. You look handsome," she says. She looks down at the table, embarrassed that the words flew out of her mouth before she could think them through. It's happening a lot lately. Her bravery is getting the better of her, but try as she might, she can't hate it. It feels right to speak her mind for a change.

"And you are the most beautiful girl in the whole city today. I'm sure Kitten is looking down on her momma and saying so herself." He bends down and kisses her head. But he doesn't move away, instead he clears his throat.

Nicole turns around in her seat and catches him looking very uncomfortable.

"What's wrong?" she asks.

"I have something to show you. I'm not sure, though, if you're going to like it."

"Where is it?"

"It's out in the shop."

Nicole stands. "Of course I'm going to like it. Show me. What is it?"

Brian holds out his hand, silently asking her to follow him.

Nicole goes with Brian to the door leading into the workshop.

He turns to her and says, "I had to do this. It's not for you. It's for her. For Kitten. I know if it were Liam ... I'd want this." He opens the door and turns on the light.

In the middle of the room is a very small coffin.

Nicole's hand flies to her mouth. It trembles as the tears come to run over the back of her fingers. "Oh my god," she whispers.

"Are you upset? Oh shit, you're upset." He shuts off the light.

"No!" she screams, scrambling for the switch. "Turn it on!"

Their fingers reach the switch at the same time and the light goes on again. Nicole steps down into the shop and makes her way across the sawdust-covered floor to the place where the work of art rests.

Her hand comes away from her face and hovers over the wood. It wavers there, shaking, for the briefest of moments before she lowers it to the warm wood.

It's been buffed to a high gloss with inlays of different types of wood making it have swirls and shapes of different colors. On the top is an inlaid daisy. Nicole traces the design with her finger. "I can't believe you did this."

"Are you mad?" Brian asks, coming over to stand next to her.

"Of course I'm not mad," she responds, glancing up at him for a moment before going back to touching the scalloped edges and soft rounded corners. "It's gorgeous. It's ... like something for a princess."

"Or a little girl who didn't get her chance," he says softly.

Nicole turns and sees the tears in his eyes. "You're crying."

"Of course. I have my little man. You lost your little girl. It's not fair. It's just not fair." He turns around, throwing his forearm up across his eyes. "Shit. Sorry. I was supposed to save these for the funeral."

"Are we going to use this?" Nicole asks, giving him space to gather himself. She can't seem to move away from the coffin for anything, not even to ease his pain. It's like she's already inside, even though she knows Kitten is at the funeral home.

"If you want. Only if you want. I finished it last night while you were sleeping."

"I want to. I want her to have this."

"Then I need to get it loaded up. I worked it out with the funeral home. They said they could transfer her in, but only if we get there an hour early."

Nicole spins around. "I'm ready now. Right now."

Brian nods once. "Fine." He digs the keys out of his pocket. "Turn the car around and back it in, okay? I'll get it ready to load."

Nicole hits the button to open up the garage door and rushes to the car. Forward movement. I love my daughter. If she can't be with me, I want her to have a goodbye that is as beautiful as she was. The sick feeling she had in the pit of her stomach is just a little less painful than it was ten minutes ago.

Chapter Fifty-Nine

THE FUNERAL HOME HOSTS A very small, private service attended only by Brian, Helen, Agnes, Nicole's attorney and Nicole herself. She asked that Liam not be there, and Brian was in full agreement. His son is happily spending the day at a baseball game with Hank.

Brian stares at the coffin and Nicole's back as she rests in front of it on her knees. She's staring at the top of it and resting her hand on the daisy he inlaid there, his work of art and the only piece of woodworking he's done that made him cry from beginning to end.

In a way it was therapeutic. All the anger, pain, and frustration he experienced helping Nicole through her trauma was channeled into that project. He started it the day he learned about Kitten, selecting the wood and drawing out the concept, and with every hour that he cut and mitered and glued and sanded and varnished, the tragedy became easier to bear. The sense of unfairness never left, but he expects that it never will.

His own love for his boy has grown stronger, and he cherishes their time together more than he would have thought possible. Silver linings are never good enough to make up for the clouds, but they do have their place in the scheme of things.

Nicole stands and comes over to join Brian, taking the seat next to him. Everyone has tissues out and they're using them up quickly. A priest Agnes introduced them to says a few words, and then Helen stands. She walks to the front of the room and faces the few people in the chairs, but her eyes are for Nicole only.

"I never met Kitten," she says. "I wish I had. I know if I had, I would have seen that she has beautiful eyes like her mom's. She would have smiled a lot and laughed a lot and said silly things when she was old enough. And she would have loved her momma, because Nicole is smart, and funny, and above all things, loving. She's made it through a terrible ordeal and come out a whole, interesting, and strong woman on the other side. I know Kitten is in heaven looking down with pride on her, like we all are."

She has more to say, but she can't do it. The tears take over and she has to move to her seat. Brian's heart is full of pride for his ex-wife, his friend. She has a huge heart, and even though she tries to hide it behind a tough exterior, he knows it's as soft as a marshmallow. He nods at her when she looks over.

Nicole stands and goes to the coffin. Resting her hand on the top, she turns to face the group in front of her.

Brian stares at her, looking her in the eyes, trying to let her know with the strength of his gaze how much he cares about her and believes in her.

"I remember holding her in my arms. It wasn't for a long time, but it was enough to fall in love. She had the sweetest little bald head. I don't know if I mentioned that before. It was pink, after I wiped it off. I kissed her over and over, and I remember the feeling of peach-fuzz where there should have been hair." She smiles sadly, her eyes getting a far away look. "I always wondered if my kids would be born with hair when I was little, and then there she was, bald as a cue ball." Nicole looks at the coffin as she continues. "And her fingers were tiny, tiny. She held onto me with them. I remember her grip. It was strong." She takes a deep, wavering breath and then lets it out slowly as she looks back at her audience. "Kitten and I want to thank all of you for standing by us and helping us get this far. And we want to especially thank Brian for giving her this beautiful princess bed to sleep in for the rest of her years on this earth, before her body disappears and becomes a part of the dust she came from." She rubs the top of the coffin. Her last words are whispered, shared only with the little girl in the box. "Goodbye, Kitten. I love you. I'll miss you forever."

Chapter Sixty

NICOLE IS SLEEPING WHEN BRIAN'S cell phone rings. He rushes to answer it so she won't hear it through her closed door and wake up.

"Hello, this is Brian," he says in a hushed voice as he moves down the hallway towards the living room.

"Brian, hi this is Gary, Nicole's attorney." He sounds distracted, maybe angry.

"Hey, Gary. Nicole's asleep right now. She's exhausted from the service and the burial. Is there anything I can help you with?"

"Actually, yes." He hisses out a loud breath of air before continuing.

Brian gets the weird impression that the guy's not making a professional call exactly. There's something off in his tone...

"There's just ... something's been bugging the shit out of me since the service today, and I can't get it off my mind. I guess I just want someone to either talk me off the ledge or tell me to call in the cavalry or something."

Brian frowns. This is the last thing he expected to hear from Nicole's lawyer; he's definitely not in his regular all-business mode. Something has him really upset, and as much as Brian would like to never have to talk to the guy again, he can't help but ask. "Okay, shoot. What's on your mind?"

"Remember today when Nicole was saying her peace at the service?"

"Yeah..." Brian can't for the life of him figure out where this conversation is going, but it's clear the guy is freaked out.

"And she went on and on about the baby's bald head, right? Or did I just imagine that?"

"No, it's true. She did say a couple things about it. Why? What does it matter?"

"Have you read the coroner's report?"

"No." Brian suddenly gets goosebumps. Something is very wrong. He can feel it and he can hear it in Gary's tone.

"I'm going to email it to you right now. I don't want to say anything until you read it. Give me your address."

Brian rattles it off and then strides over to his computer, bringing up his email account. His inbox has several new messages, but another new one pops up as soon as he refreshes the page. "Wow, you're fast."

"Never doubt the skills of a motivated attorney. Read the attachment."

Brian double-clicks the document file that's attached. "What am I looking at here?" His eyes scan the pages, trying to figure out what the big deal is.

"Look on page three, the description of the corpse."

"God, I hate that word," Brian says under his breath as he pages down.

"I know. Me too, especially when it comes to a baby, but whatever. Read it."

Brian hears the sound of Gary taking a drink from a bottle. Probably a beer. Maybe that explains his distracted but intense delivery.

Brian's lips move in time with his brain as it reads the text. In the several large paragraphs describing the state of the corpse, one line sticks out to him: ...skull intact encircled with layers of tape, dark hair of approximately one inch in length embedded in adhesive...

"What the f**k, right?" The lawyer waits for Brian's response.

"Tell me what you see," Brian says, not sure he gets what's going on, but deep down knowing there is something very, very wrong here.

"I see a goddamn baby with tons of hair, Brian. Not a bald one. Or I'm just going insane and I need to go out and get hammered right now."

"Sounds like you're already on your way."

"I am. I am, it's true. That's why I'm calling you. I need sober eyes and a clear head, and I don't have it right now. Today f**king wrecked me."

Brian's shaking his head, reading that line over and over and over.

...skull intact encircled with layers of tape, dark hair of approximately one inch in length embedded in adhesive...

...encircled with layers of tape, dark hair of approximately one inch in length embedded in adhesive...

...dark hair of approximately one inch in length embedded in adhesive...

"You're right. This sounds like the baby that the coroner examined had at least some hair."

"And she said the baby was as bald..."

"...As a cue ball. I remember. She said that." Brian's hand goes slack as the whole thing comes together for him, and he drops the phone. Scrambling to pick it up, he gets it to his ear finally, but his eyes never leave the screen. "Shit, sorry about that. Dropped the phone."

"Okay, so I was right ... I need to get on this."

"What are you going to do?" Brian stands, staring at the entrance to the hallway, knowing that waking Nicole with this stuff right now would be a bad idea, but also knowing that not telling her could get her twice as upset later.

"I'm going to contact the district attorney's office, I'm going to contact the coroner, and I'm going to contact the funeral home. They're going to need to all talk and then if I'm right, and I'm afraid I am because I'm never wrong, they're going to need to do a DNA test. I just hope the coroner has enough tissue left to do that."

"Or...?"

"Or they'll have to exhume the body."

Brian swallows with difficulty. "This is a big f**king mess."

"You have no idea. Have you considered what it could mean? If it's not Kitten in that f**king box?"

Brian loses the strength in his legs and falls back into the chair. He opens his mouth but the only sound that will come out makes no sense. "Gaahhhh..."

"Yeah. I hear you, man. We'll talk tomorrow morning, first thing, if not sooner. Later." Gary hangs up without waiting for an answer.

Brian looks down at his phone and hits the speed dial for Helen.

"This better be good," her sleepy voice says.

"Helen, I need you over here now." Brian's staring at the wall like a zombie. He's numb with fear, dread, sickness, and a tiny spark of hope.

"What's the matter? Is it Nicole?"

"It's Nicole, it's Kitten, it's ... everything."

Chapter Sixty-One

NICOLE IS WAKENED BY THE smell of toast. She wanders out into the kitchen and stands there in shock, finding not only Brian there, but Helen, Agnes and her attorney. She wraps her arms around herself, drawing her robe across her body tightly.

"What's going on?" she asks, not sure she wants to hear the answer. It's way too early in the morning for them to be sitting in Brian's kitchen, and it's way too weird for them to all be together like this.

Brian stands. "Babe, just sit down. We have some news."

"News about what?" she asks, looking at each one of them in turn. "You guys are scaring me. Is John out of the hospital? Is that why you all look like you're going to another funeral?"

Gary shakes his head. "No. He's still there. He's awake, but he's still unable to walk."

She sits down and ignores the tea Agnes pours for her. "Well?" She looks at Brian, getting more irritated by the second.

"I told you," says Helen, "she needs to know now. She can handle it."

Brian puts his hand over hers, but she pulls it away, angry that he's babying her.

"We have some news," he says. "About Kitten."

She grimaces, the pain of just hearing her name sharp in her chest. "What news could you possibly have about Kitten? We buried her yesterday." Her voice goes up with the slight edge of panic.

"Gary called me last night," Brian explains. "He was reading the coroner's report."

"Something you said at the funeral jogged my memory," Gary says. "I just couldn't get it off my mind, no matter how hard I tried."

"What?" Nicole purposely didn't read the awful report, preferring instead to remember Kitten as a newborn wrapped in her arms.

Helen speaks to her in a soft voice. It's so unlike her, Nicole can't help but stare. "Remember in your eulogy how you said the baby's head was bald?"

Nicole nods. "Yes. Of course I remember. And I remember her head perfectly."

"Wasn't the garage really dark?" asks Gary.

"No. I had a flashlight with me. That way I could turn it off if John came out, but I could still see when he wasn't around." She smiles briefly, remembering making the plan. "I was kind of proud of myself that I thought of it at the time."

"So you saw the baby's head, like really clearly?" confirms Gary.

"Yes. Why are you guys asking me these questions about her head, for God's sake? It's really freaking morbid if you want to know the truth."

"We wouldn't do it without good reason, believe me," Gary says. "I'm just going to cut to the chase. The coroner's report says that there was tape around the baby's head and that there was one-inch black hair in the tape. I confirmed with him last night after hours. One of his co-workers gave me his cell number. The baby had a full head of black hair. The rest of the body was mostly decomposed, but hair takes a lot longer, especially when it's embedded in adhesive like it was."

Nicole feels the blood rush out of her head. She falls back against the chair, her brain not processing the information like it should. She feels as though she's betrayed her daughter by remembering something so basic in such a drastically wrong way. How could she remember a pink, bald head when it was really covered in hair. "How is that possible? I thought I remembered..."

"Of course you did," says Helen, taking her hand and squeezing it. "That's the point!"

Nicole jerks her hand away and stands, accidentally tipping the chair over behind her. She scans the faces before her and they have the audacity to look hopeful. Only Agnes looks worried.

"What are you guys talking about?!" She's screaming now, but she doesn't care. They're freaking her out, and she's almost convinced herself she's about to wake up in John's house to find that she's dreamed all this.

"Calm down," Brian says, getting up and stepping over to stand in front of her. "We think ... and it's kind of a long-shot, but we still think that it's possible ... that we didn't bury Kitten yesterday."

"What?" She stares into his impossibly beautiful eyes. "I don't get it."

He takes both her hands and holds them up by his chest. "Your baby, Kitten, she was bald, right?"

Nicole nods, incapable of speech. She's mesmerized by his strength and conviction.

"The baby that was in your backyard was not bald. She had a full head of long black hair. What if it wasn't your baby? What if it was someone else's baby?"

"Whose baby?" she finally whispers. Her mind is swirling with the implications.

Brian holds up a photograph. "Maybe hers."

Nicole takes the picture from his hand, looking down at the skinny woman with black hair, holding a baby wrapped in blankets. "Who in the hell is she?"

Gary takes the photograph from her, glancing at it before he continues. "I don't know. We don't know yet. But the district attorney can do DNA tests to confirm whether it's your baby or even if it's John's." He looks at Brian. "I'm going to give this to the police. You say you found it in his house?"

"Yeah. In his drawer next to his bed."

"They can do that with the DNA?" she asks, looking over at Gary.

He nods. "Yes, they can. I'm getting a court order for John's DNA right now. With your permission, we'll get yours."

"How long will it take ... before we know?" Nicole asks.

"A week max."

"Have a seat, so we can discuss this," Helen says. "Please. I'm getting a crick in my neck looking up at you guys."

Nicole puts her chair back upright and sits in it reluctantly. She wants to run to the graveyard and sit at Kitten's grave, as if talking to her headstone will clear things up. It's ridiculous, the things that are running through her mind. She actually considers talking to John. And then it all becomes so clear.

"Take me to see John," she says, looking first at Helen and then at Brian.

"Are you completely insane?" Helen asks.

"That sounds like a bad idea," says Brian. "I don't like it at all."

"Maybe it's the best way," says Agnes, her little voice rising above the tide of concern. "If he knows something, maybe he'll tell her."

"Why would we let her do this?" asks Helen. "It's insanity! She's come so far." She shifts her sharp gaze to Nicole. "Seeing him will send you backwards, Nicole. Forwards, not backwards, right?"

Gary interrupts. "He's awake. He can talk. I don't see why she shouldn't go in there and try to talk to the guy. Maybe she'll be able to work a confession out of him if none of us are in the room. It'll be faster than waiting for DNA. We can do both. A confession to get us started on finding the baby and DNA to confirm for a conviction later."

"I can't let her go in there without me," Brian says, shaking his head emphatically. "No way. Not gonna happen."

Nicole pulls her hand out of his. "This isn't your decision. It's mine. I want to talk to him."

"We'll record it," Gary says, getting excited about the whole idea. "The entire conversation, we'll listen in on it. I can get the DA to authorize it. I'll make sure the evidence sticks."

Nicole feels energized and terrified all at the same time. She looks at her friends. "I know you guys are trying to protect me right now, but I know the best thing is to deal with this head-on. No more hiding, no more acting afraid of him. He doesn't control me anymore. Now it's my turn to be in charge."

Brian backs away and stands in the entrance to the kitchen, his arms folded across his chest. "I'm on record as saying I think this is a huge mistake. I want to be right outside the door."

"Fine. I'm okay with you being outside the door. Just not inside it," Nicole says, standing firm. She lifts her chin so he knows she means it.

"And I'll be right behind you," says Helen, standing up to move around the table.

"I'll stay home and bake some cookies," says Agnes.

Nicole smiles at her neighbor over Helen's shoulder as Helen takes her into a hard embrace. "Thank you, Helen. I knew you'd understand."

"Time to kick some ass, sister," she says.

"Yeah," Nicole agrees. "Time to kick some serious ass."

Chapter Sixty-Two

BRIAN IS IN A PATIENT room across the hall from where John is being kept in the hospital. There's a police guard outside the monster's door that will remain there until the DA is satisfied that Nicole's attorney is wrong about the whereabouts of Kitten, and there's a whole contingent of law enforcement personnel in this room with Brian getting ready to hopefully record John's confession. The equipment rests on the empty patient bed in the middle of the room.

"So you're sure this is going to work?" Brian asks Nicole's attorney. They both have headphones on that are plugged into the recording unit. This equipment will pick up the signal coming from the microphone under Nicole's shirt. It's just like the movies, but it's the first time Brian's ever felt the very real panic of someone he cares about confronting one of the bad guys. In that way, it's not like the movies at all.

"Nicole's affidavit describing her baby's head after birth and the coroner's report was enough to get the court order for John's DNA, but this confession would just nail it," explains Gary. "At least it would make it a lot easier to put him behind bars and give Nicole some breathing room."

"So, confession, DNA, bam. Done." Brian nods at the beauty of it. If only the ass**le would just tell the truth, Nicole could be home free.

"Yeah, he's toast."

"What about entrapment or whatever? Isn't setting him up like this going to make it impossible to use this stuff in court?"

"You watch too much TV. The only way it's entrapment is if it's a police officer in there. Citizens can't entrap other citizens." He grins. "I love the law."

"I can tell," Brian says, trying not to roll his eyes, but glad the guy knows what he's talking about.

Brian looks around at the people in the room. There are three uniformed police officers, a couple detectives, Gary, and another attorney from Gary's firm. He can't see Helen, but she's close, standing just outside John's room as moral support for Nicole. She's promised everyone she'll stay out of John's room, and the guard at the monster's door makes Brian feel confident she'll keep that promise.

As soon as Nicole's voice comes over the wire, the room filled with law enforcement personnel goes silent. The four people with headphones on stare at the recording unit as if it's the one doing the talking.

"Hello, John." Nicole is calm. Assured. She sounds totally in control, even though Brian knows inside she must be quaking with fear. This man is the living, breathing embodiment of her worst nightmares. Anyone in her position would be terrified. Brian admires her even more, hearing her be so strong in the face of all of that.

The sound of rustling sheets is her first response.

"Can you hear me?" she asks.

"Who's that?" a sleepy male voice says.

"It's me. Nikki."

"What're you doing here?" John asks in a slightly less sleepy voice. "Haunting my ass?" He chuckles.

"I just came to ask you about Kitten. I'm not a ghost. I'm real."

He coughs, and when he speaks, his voice is less blurred. "Kitten? What kitten?"

"Our baby, John. The one you said you buried in the backyard. Remember?"

He sighs and clears his throat but doesn't answer. The sound of more rustling sheets fills the headphones.

"What did you do with her, John?"

"I already f**king told you, Nikki. She died. I buried her. End of story." He coughs again. "Fuck, man. My throat is so dry. Get me some water, would ya?"

"I will in a minute. Answer my questions first."

"I need some pain meds. My leg is f**king killing me. Tell the nurse to give me some meds." He's almost whining.

"They cycled you off. They said you aren't getting anymore. They need you lucid." She doesn't tell him why, but Brian knows from what the doctors and the attorney said, if this confession is going to hold up in court, it has to be made not under the influence of drugs. The doctor's said it wouldn't hurt him to be off them for a little while.

"They cycled me off for what?" He spits the words out.

"I think you're going to get charged with killing her. They can't find her, John. They think you murdered her and hid the body."

"Oh, fuuuuck that. No goddamn way are they pinning that on me." He snorts arrogantly.

"They have evidence. Blood. Tools with blood on them."

"I never f**king did anything like that and you know it. I have proof." He mumbles something else, but it's unintelligible.

Nicole's voice belies her anger. She's losing her cool. "I know that you broke eighteen bones in my body, John. I counted them in my chart after they x-rayed my whole skeleton. I know you cracked my skull. You broke my ribs and my arm and my ankle. You bruised my kidneys and ruptured one of my lungs. You're a killer, John, just admit it."

His voice is louder and clearer. She must be standing closer to him to be picking up his signal this way. "Don't f**king call me that! I didn't kill her, you did! You killed your chance at being a mother with your own stupidity, you f**king idiot."

"I didn't. She was alive when I saw her last. And she had beautiful black hair."

Brian grits his teeth, pulsing out his jaw, hoping the douchebag will fall for it.

He laughs at her. "You're so goddamned stupid. I'm glad you don't have her. You'd make a terrible mother."

"Why do you say that, John? Because after all this time, and after only seeing her for a few minutes, I still remember every single solitary detail about her?" She's taunting him. Brian wants to hug her for her genius.

John's laughing and then moaning with the pain it apparently causes. "No, Nikki. No ... that's not it. I'm laughing because you're so delusional."

"I'm not delusional. You are."

"Oh yeah? How so?" His voice is deadly calm.

"You deluded yourself for years that I found you attractive. That I stayed because I wanted to, when we both know I stayed because you kept me prisoner and terrorized me."

"You liked it, you crazy bitch. That's why you stayed. You liked me forcing you. You liked making me mad. You did it on purpose. Nobody could be as klutzy and sloppy as you are by accident."

Her voice is even calmer than his when she responds. It raises the hair on the back of Brian's neck as he listens. "No, John. No one likes being beaten. Not me, and not my baby. I did everything I could to make you happy. I cleaned, I scrubbed, and I cleaned all over again. I tried to be pretty, I tried to be smart, I tried to do everything I possibly could so you'd walk through that door at the end of the day and tell me you loved me and put your arms around me and treat me like a person. That's all I ever wanted ... to be treated like a human being. But all you ever did was treat me like an animal. I'm nothing to you. I never was."

"You're nothing to anyone. That's why you should never be a mother. That's why you never will be as long as I have anything to say about it."

It's the last thing Brian hears before a bunch of loud, weird sounds come over the recording device.

"Gaaarr ... ! Phhaarrrr ...! Geeeet ...!! Heelllp!" Crashing and banging occurring right near her microphone make Brian yank the headphones off his ears in an attempt to save his eardrums.

"Go! He's got her!" yells one of the officers in the room, bursting through the door with a shout.

Brian's jack pulls out of the main unit, and the voices from John's room come out over a speaker. Brian hears them as he's trying to get out of the room but is blocked by all the bodies in his way. "Move! Move!" he yells, but no one's listening. He can't get out to save her.

"Let go, ma'am! Let go of him!" yells a voice inside John's room.

"I'm going to kill him!" Nicole shrieks.

Bangs and crashes are followed by John's yelling. "You crazy bitch! See! I told you! You'll never find her! Never! You hear me! She's with a good mother, not a monster like you! You f**king freak!" Any sanity he might have had sounds as if it's abandoned him. He laughs maniacally.

By the time Brian makes it out of the room, Nicole is being dragged down the hall by two police officers, bawling her eyes out and struggling to get free. He loses sight of her as she rounds the far corner.

Chapter Sixty-Three

NICOLE IS SITTING IN THE plastic surgeon's operating suite, and Brian is in the chair next to the exam table. She runs her tongue over her new dental work, thrilled she no longer has holes in her smile.

"Are you absolutely sure you want to do this?" he asks her, leaning forward so he can hold her hands in his.

She nods. "I'm sure. When they find her, I want to look like a normal person. I don't want to scare my daughter when she first lays eyes on me." She swallows her excitement and fear down. "Did you hear anything else this morning while I was in here?"

"It could be a while, you know," Brian says, his eyes going soft. "Gary called me just before I got in here, though. John still isn't talking. According to Gary, John's attorney should be advising him to fess up on the location of your daughter, but who knows if that's what he's doing or not. Maybe he's telling him to keep his mouth shut. Regardless, John's still refusing to say a word about Kitten or what he did with her. We still don't know if she's alive or ... well, you know..."

Nicole refuses to consider that her daughter is not out there alive somewhere, waiting to be found. "For right now, it's enough to know that it's not her in that grave. That gives me hope. I believe he's arrogant enough that he wouldn't have killed her. She's his property in his mind. If she survived, he gave her to someone who would take care of her. Maybe that lady in the picture. We just need to find out who that is. I won't stop until I do."

"I know you won't. And neither will I. I promise you that." Brian squeezes her hands, and then leans forward to kiss her on the lips. He stays there after their lips part and says, "This is the last time I'm going to kiss your lips how they are or see you looking like this." He searches her face, like he's trying to memorize it.

"I hope you can forget it completely after my surgery."

He shakes his head as he backs away. "I don't want to forget any of it. I fell in love with you looking like this. It's who you were to me the day I met you, and you might think it's ugly, but I don't see you that way."

"You're lying to make me feel better." She says the words but she knows they're not true. She just wants to hear him say the things that make her feel like a million bucks, that make her want to change a little so she can be seen with him out in public without drawing grimaces from strangers. Where she used to hate his compliments because they felt like lies, she's now grown to love them, believing he really feels that way about her. Trust is a wonderful thing; it opens the heart and lets in the light that chases the dark away.

"No, I'm not lying, I swear it. I've told you a hundred times. Your face reminds me in the most honest way how tough you are, how you keep getting up no matter what garbage the world hands to you. You are a superhero to me."

"And you're my superhero. We should get Wonder Twin rings or something."

He smiles. "Kicking it old school again, I see."

"Always," she says, smiling.

The surgeon steps in and they separate.

"Brian," he says, holding out his hand.

Brian stands up straight and shakes it. "Doctor Goldman."

"I need to talk to Nicole alone, if you don't mind."

"Not at all. I'll be out in the waiting room."

"You can leave the hospital if you want. We're going to be in surgery most of the day. I'll call your cell when I'm finished if you leave it with the nurses."

"I'm going to stick around if that's okay. I don't like the idea of not being here when she's under the knife."

"Do whatever you want." The doctor turns to Nicole, waiting as she kisses Brian goodbye.

"Love you," Brian says, holding her face in his hands.

"Love you too."

"See you soon." He kisses her forehead.

"Yep." She can't say anymore. It's too painful to think she might never see him again. There's always the chance that the surgery could have complications, but the option of greeting her daughter as a monster is too distasteful to consider any other alternative.

Once Brian leaves the room, the doctor faces his patient. "So, how are we feeing this morning? Nervous?" He takes a pen out of his pocket and uncaps it.

As he opens the file on the exam table next to her, she glances down to see what he's looking at. "Where'd you get that?" she asks, staring at the photograph in the papers there.

"Brian gave it to me. They had to have it restored, but it was fine for my purposes."

He reaches up with the pen and starts drawing on her face.

She winces with the tickling sensation. "What are you doing now?"

"I'm drawing in the areas that I need to move, cuts I need to make. It's like a blueprint for your new face."

She reaches up and grabs his wrist. "Stop."

He freezes and looks at her quizzically. "Are you changing your mind?"

"No. I just ... need to tell you something first." She takes a deep breath, trying to calm her nerves.

He lowers his hand as she releases it from her grip, his face impassive. "I'm listening."

"You can't make me look like I did before." Her agitation level is rising. She can feel the heat in her face, and she glances down at the photo again. She flashes back to John holding her in front of the mirror, comparing the two faces - one old and one new - and the horrible expression on his face as he tells her how pretty she used to be.

The doctor frowns. "I'm quite sure I can, actually. The x-rays were very promising, and as I stated before, the implants we have will more than make up for the missing bone structure."

"No, that's not what I mean. I'm sure you can do it, that you have the skill..."

"Then what's the problem?"

He sounds irritated, but she presses on, not letting it dissuade her. "I can't look like I did before. I don't want to." She stares at him, hoping to see that he understands, that he isn't just going to write her off as a nut job.

He looks at the photograph as he holds it up next to her face. "But whyever not? You were beautiful before. Your face was completely symmetrical, which is very rare. Your cheekbones were high and delicate, your nose in perfect alignment with your chin. I can put it all back how it was."

She shakes her head, absolutely sure of what needs to be done. "I'm only agreeing to this surgery if you can promise me that I won't be as attractive as before. I just can't live that way ever again." She reaches up and puts her hand on his, curling her fingers around his much larger ones. "Please, Doctor Goldman ... make me look average. Or make me less than average." She squeezes his hand, the desperation in her heart being translated in her grip. "Just whatever you do ... don't make me beautiful."

He stands there and stares at her for a few long seconds. And then understanding dawns.

"You don't like being beautiful. You mean you'd rather be not beautiful? You want to be average? Plain?"

"No. I mean, yes. Being beautiful almost killed me once. I don't want to take that chance again."

He nods slowly at first and then more quickly. His voice shows resignation. "Okay. I'll do my best."

She nods too, sure by the look on his face, by the sadness and pity she sees there, that he will do as she's asking.

She lets him go and he finishes drawing on her face. She lays back at the request of the nurse who enters when he's done. Soon she's hooked up with an intravenous line and medicine is flowing into her veins. More doctors enter the room and consult with the surgeon, looking at her x-rays that are hanging on the nearby wall and a drawing of her new face that the surgeon has sketched. An anesthesiologist appears above her head and tells her what he's going to inject her with to put her out and ease her recovery later. Nurses cover her body in sheets and blankets.

It all goes right past her as she stares at the surgeon's face. Most of it is covered by a mask and blue cap that keeps his hair out of his face, but she can still see his eyes. They're a serious, dark blue, and outlined on the sides with wrinkled skin. She hopes that means he smiles a lot, that he's kind and understanding, that he'll grant her this one wish she has for her new life.

Just before the anesthesiologist delivers the final portion of his sleeping potion, the surgeon leans in and speaks to her through his mask. "Are you ready, Nicole?"

"I'm ready. Just please ... whatever you do ... don't make me beautiful."

The light in the room fades to black and Nicole falls asleep.

Chapter Sixty-Four

BRIAN SPENDS THE NEXT WEEK caring for Nicole as he would a helpless infant. The first two days are the hardest, but slowly and surely, Nicole is able to get around on her own and function without too much trouble. Liam is at his grandparents' house for the two weeks so he can be spared the unpleasantness and so Brian can focus on Nicole. Helen comes in and takes their son's bedroom to help, and the two of them switch off playing nurse while Agnes manages to keep them all fed.

The pain Nicole endures from her fifteen-hour surgery is more than any of them ever expected. Drainage tubes are removed after the first two days by a visiting nurse, but the swelling and pain flares have been intense. It's only now, after seven days, that she's been able to move from the hardcore painkillers to the lighter versions.

Nicole says she's used to the pain, but that doesn't keep her from crying out at night many times. Brian wonders how much of it comes from the pain in her face and how much is coming from the pain of not knowing where her daughter is.

"I've never heard of a doctor doing house-calls before," she says, when Helen and Brian help her settle into a kitchen chair. Her bandages have been changed several times by a nurse, but no one has seen the face underneath yet but her. Nicole has refused to look in a mirror since before the surgery, and Brian and Helen have respected her wish not to be seen until the bandages are off.

The doorbell rings and Nicole starts with fright. She's expecting his arrival, but what it means is so much more than a simple medical visit. Sitting at the table with her, Brian rubs her arm to help calm her while Helen gets the door.

"You okay?" he asks, taking her hand and squeezing it gently a couple times.

"I'm fine. Just anxious to get this stuff off me and the stitches out."

"I can't wait to see your new look," Brian says.

Nicole can't respond to that statement. The doctor is now in the kitchen with them and her fear seems to have taken her voice. She shakes his hand as she clears her throat.

"How's the patient today?" he asks, his smile crinkling his eyes at the corners. He's dressed to play golf.

"Good. Anxious," Nicole says.

"To be expected. Would you like to do this here?" he asks, putting down a bag that looks like one someone might have carried fifty years ago while on house-calls.

Nicole sits down again. "I guess, if Brian doesn't mind."

"No, not at all. Go ahead."

The doctor pulls out a sterile sheet and lays it on the table along with a few instruments.

"What are those for?" Nicole asks. "All that metal is making me nervous."

"Don't let it make you nervous. They're the things I use to take off the bandages and take out the stitches. It should be mostly painless. Maybe just a pinch here and there, but I promise to be gentle."

Nicole nods, sitting very still as he reaches up to her face. He begins to cut away the bandages, careful to not touch her skin or hair. Loops of gauze come off her face and head and ears. "The cool air on my skin is nice."

The first thing Brian notices is swelling around her cheeks and jaw. He glances up at Helen and catches her expression. He cringes inwardly at her complete inability to hide her emotions.

Nicole smiles at Helen. "Don't look so horrified."

"Oh, shit. Sorry. I was just ... looking at the bruises."

"Try not to smile too much," the doctor says, grinning a little himself. "It'll hurt."

"I don't mind that kind of pain," Nicole says, wincing a little as the stitches are removed.

"Is that swelling or what?" asks Helen, pointing to Nicole's cheek.

"Yes. She has considerable swelling, which is totally normal. She looks like a prize-fighter, doesn't she?" The doctor puts some stitching on the paper he laid out. "She'll be fine in about two to three weeks. Don't judge her until then."

"I won't judge her ever," says Helen. "She's gorgeous no matter how this whole thing turns out."

The doctor puts his scissors and tweezer down and examines her. Putting some liquid on a piece of gauze, he wipes areas of her face. "This is great. I'm very pleased with what I'm seeing here, especially your nose. You're healing nicely and I'm pretty sure you're going to be happy with the result."

"Can I go look now?" Nicole asks.

The doctor puts down his gauze and stands, holding out his hands. "Yes, you may. Just remember that the swelling is only temporary. Anything that looks out of alignment will fall into place as the fluids dissipate into your system and the tissue goes back to its normal state."

"Don't worry, I know all about swelling and bruises. They fade and disappear quickly." She leaves the room and goes to the bathroom alone to look at her new face in the mirror.

Brian follows behind and waits back in the hallway for a minute or two, giving her time to see herself alone. He hears Agnes coming in and Helen exclaiming over her baked goods.

"So, what do you think?" Brian asks as he steps up to the entrance, leaning on the doorframe.

Nicole shrugs and turns to him. "I don't know. So far so good? The swelling will go down, I know, but I can't tell what the final result will be."

He smiles. "So far so beautiful."

"Don't say that," she says, stepping into his arms. "Just call me ... pretty. I can live with pretty."

"Okay, pretty girl ... how about you come on out into the family room and celebrate with us?"

"Celebrate?"

"Yes. Agnes just brought over a cake."

Nicole looks up at him, shaking her head. "How did I get so lucky?"

"I don't know. I guess we have Liam to thank. If he hadn't taken that baseball we caught and decided to play homerun slugger, I probably never would have met you."

"I can't wait to see him. It's been too long," she says, resting her bruised cheek gently on his chest. She misses Liam like a part of her family is gone. The idea of leaving to start a new life somewhere else feels really unpleasant now. Waiting for Kitten has taken precedence over anything else, including plan-making; but when it's time to get back to that, Nicole wonders if leaving this town is even going to be an option. So much depends on her surgery and what happens with John...

"I know what you mean," Brian says. "It's like the house is way too quiet or something. I can't wait for ..."

He stops in mid-sentence. Nicole waits for him to finish but he doesn't. "For what?" she asks.

"Nothing."

"You were going to say something. What was it?"

Brian sighs, wondering if telling her how he feels will make her want to run the other direction or feel more like staying. Better to say the things in my heart than pretend they don't exist. Love never ventured is love never gained. "I shouldn't do this probably, but I can't help thinking how cool it will be or would be if ... you know ... if Kitten were here too. I'd like them to meet, her and Li-Li. And be together."

Nicole hugs him hard. "Me too, Brian. Me too."

Chapter Sixty-Five

IT'S THREE WEEKS LATER WHEN Nicole is standing in the bathroom, applying the little bit of makeup she's taken to wearing on a daily basis to outline her eyes a little. The swelling and bruising is completely gone, leaving behind a girl with a passably pretty face and the eyes Brian likes to call the windows into her gorgeous soul. She smiles as she thinks about her life and how lucky she is.

Liam shows up in the bathroom doorway. "Briana ... oops ... I mean, Nicole?"

She turns around and looks at the sweet little miniature Brian. "Yes?"

"Daddy says there's a phone call for you."

She looks in his empty hands. "Do you have the phone with you?"

"No. He says you need to come to the shop cuz his hands are dirty."

She frowns, not sure the Liam has translated the message properly. "Okay." She turns back to the mirror to finish her mascara. "Tell him I'll be right there."

"He said it's really important and you should probably run."

Nicole drops her mascara wand and picks Liam up, running to the garage like she's being chased by a phantom. Throwing the door open, she steps into the space that smells like varnish, paint thinner, and raw wood.

"What is it?" she asks, lowering Liam to the ground.

Brian's holding the stick she knows he uses to turn his phone on when he's got crud on his hands. Maybe it's just the lighting, but his face looks a little pale. "Your attorney. It's about Kitten."

"What did he say?" she asks, her heart racing and spasming painfully in her chest.

"He didn't say anything to me. We both agreed you should hear it first."

"Nicole? Is that you?" Gary's voice is coming over the speakerphone.

"Liam, son, go inside and play with your truck," Brian says.

"But Daaaad, I wanna stay with you guys!"

"You know you're not supposed to be out here. Scoot. I'll come get you in a few minutes after I'm done with this chair."

"Oookaaaaay," the little boy mutters, dropping his head as he goes back inside.

When the door shuts, Nicole grabs the phone. "How do I take it off speakerphone?"

Brian uses his stick to point it out to her.

"Gary, hi, this is Nicole."

"Are you sitting? You should probably be sitting."

She shuffles through the bits of sawdust and wood corners to the garage steps and takes a seat. "Can I just say how much I hate it when you say that? Go ahead. I'm sitting."

"I'm sorry, I just don't want you passing out and falling on your new face. That not beautiful face of yours."

She smiles at his efforts. "Just tell me, Gary. It can't possibly be worse than what I've been imagining."

"Okay, so here's the latest. Do not freak out until I'm done, okay?"

"Okay." Sweat breaks out under her arms and across her upper lip. Nicole feels like it is very possible she could experience a heart attack over this news, whatever it is. "I just need to know if she's alive. Before you tell me anything else, tell me that."

"We have reason to think that she is."

Nicole gasps and squeaks at the same time, her hand flying to her mouth. She feels like she's going to throw up.

"...But we don't know for sure, so don't freak out. Are you okay? Can I continue?"

Nicole nods, but then realizes he can't see that. "Yeah." She barely gets the word out.

"The police pulled John's phone records. There was one number he called a lot, but it was to one of those throw-away phones."

Nicole hisses with anger. "Those things should be against the law."

"Yeah, let's just throw the Constitution in the garbage too, all that privacy crap really gets in the way."

"Spare me the lawyer stuff and just give me the news, would you please?" Nicole loves her attorney, but he does cling to his precious privacy laws a little too much sometimes.

"The thing is, they figured out where the phone was purchased, so they went to the store and got copies of the store's surveillance tapes. The clerk watched them with the cops and remembered the girl who bought the phone because she had a crying baby with her, and it was the smallest baby he'd ever seen. That's what he actually said. And when he pointed it out, just a passing comment, the girl freaked."

"Who is she? What was she like? Is she the one from the picture? Was she mean to him? To the baby? Did you see the tapes?" All Nicole can picture right now is a tweaked-out druggie for some reason. Baby stealer! Kidnapper! Murderer!

"I'm getting to that. I thought you wanted the whole story."

"I do." Nicole doesn't push him for the ending because she's worried it's going to get worse than this already is.

"A sketch artist put together a picture of her and the clerk working at the smoothie place next door recognized her as a regular customer. It's pretty close to the photo Brian found, but the hair is different. A detective working the case brought in a picture of John, and the clerk said they did come in together sometimes."

"What about Kitten?" Nicole asks, trying to speak past being nearly breathless with worry. "Did he see her too?"

"He has seen her before, but he couldn't say when the last time was."

"Shit! Dammit!" Nicole holds the phone with a death grip.

"I told you not to freak out yet."

"How can I not freak at that? She could be sick right now! She could be ..." Nicole can't bring herself to say the word. Dead. Murdered. Buried. They're so close and yet still so far. She wants to scream with the unfairness of it.

Gary continues his story, ignoring her outburst. "They have a detective at the smoothie place. He'll be there with backup for the next three days."

"Why only three days?" she asks, panicking as she pictures this woman, whoever she is, taking a break from smoothies. That would be Nicole's luck, that the woman would finally decide she'd rather have a caramel macchiato instead.

"Because, that's all they have the budget for. Stakeouts are expensive."

"Fuck expensive! I'll pay for it! I'll use every last penny of that trust money if I have to!"

"You can't do that. But if you would just be patient and relax..."

"What?! Are you insane?"

Brian steps over, taking off his rubber gloves and holding out his hand. "Can I talk to him?"

Nicole slaps the phone into Brian's outstretched hand. "Yes. Talk to him. I can't do it anymore." She jumps up and runs into the house. She skids to a halt when she sees Liam sitting on the floor, pushing his truck around with a sad expression on his face.

Her heart that a moment ago felt like it was swelling to the point of explosion shrinks down like a leaky balloon. "What's the matter, little man?"

"I don't know. I'm just sad." His bottom lip comes out in a pout.

She walks over and sits down next to him, focusing all her attention on him instead of her broken heart. "Tell me about it."

"I heard you yelling, and you never yell. And my daddy never yells. And it just makes me sad because I know that it means you're mad."

Nicole feels like utter crap. As bad as her life is right now, it's not fair of her to put any of it on this little guy - her hero, the one who rescued her from hell. "I'm not mad, Liam, I promise. I'm just frustrated."

He looks up at her, his face screwed up in concentration. "Frusterated?"

"Frus-tra-ted," she says slowly and carefully so he can copy it.

"That's what I said."

She smiles. "It means I wish I could control some things in my life, but right now those things aren't controllable."

He hands her the remote for his truck. "Maybe you can use this? It makes my truck go right where I want it to go." He leans over and points to the tiny wheel. "If you wanna go that way, then you turn it like this." He twists the wheel. "And if you want it to go back, you push that thing there." He points to it. "Try it. You can do it. You're very smart."

Nicole's smile wavers a little as tears battle to come to the surface. She won't let them, though. She doesn't want to ruin this moment with Liam. "Like this?"

He grins up at her, his face practically glowing. "You did it! See! You can control stuff. You just need a controller like I have." He looks down at it and goes serious, biting his lip for a second. "I don't really need it right now. You can borrow it if you want."

Nicole sets the remote down on the ground and pulls him into a hug. He happily climbs into her lap and wraps his skinny arms around her back.

"You are the nicest little boy in the entire world, you know that?"

"Really?" he asks. "Cuz my mom says that the world is a very big place and there are a jillion million billion dillion people on it."

"You must also be very good at math," Nicole says, smiling as she kisses his head.

"I am. I can add and subtract and multiply and add and multiply."

"That's a lot of stuff. Maybe you can help me with your daddy's books."

"Are you going to stay with us forever?" Liam asks. He doesn't lift his head or move. It's like he's asking what's for dinner or what temperature it is outside.

Nicole is taken aback by the honesty there and the complete lack of lead-up, not to mention the worry and concern that he must be feeling but trying not to show. "Do you want me to?"

"Yes." He squeezes her harder. "I want you to stay forever and ever and ever."

She so badly wants to ask him if having a little girl there as part of the package would make a difference to him, but they've kept the story of Kitten from him just in case it has a sad ending. The boy's been traumatized enough having met John.

"Well, that's very sweet. And I can't promise anything, because a lot of it is up to your dad, but if I can stay I will."

Brian's voice comes from over her shoulder. "As far as I'm concerned, you can stay here forever." He walks over and sits down next to them, putting his arm over her shoulders and drawing her close. "I can't imagine this place without you anymore and I don't want to."

"Me neither," says Liam, detaching himself from the grownups and going back to pushing his truck around.

Brian lets her go and stands, holding out his hand. "Come with me," he says, looking down at Nicole.

She takes his hand and stands. "Where are we going?"

"Outside. I want to show you something."

Nicole follows him out to the backyard where they sit down on the back step. She looks out over the lawn and waits for him to say something. But he remains totally silent, resting his folded arms on bent knees.

"So what is it you wanted to show me?" she asks, looking at him. He's so close she can smell his laundry soap on his shirt and the scent that is uniquely him. Warm. Strong. Like a man with a giant heart.

"This." He pulls something out of his front pocket and holds it up in front of the both of them. He does it casually, like it's going to be a rock he found or a coin. But it's neither of those things. It's a box. A velvet box.

"What's that?" Nicole asks, her heart fluttering. No one has ever put a box like that in front of her.

"This," he says, as he props it open, "is a ring."

She swallows with difficulty. "It looks like an engagement ring."

"That's because it is," he says.

She tries to sound natural, but it's impossible. Her throat is closing up, so her voice comes out sounding strangled. "Is it for Helen?"

Brian twists his head and looks at her, one half of his mouth lifted in the slightest of grins. "Are you serious?"

She says nothing.

"Do you honestly think, after having mind-blowing sex with you just last night, and begging you to stay with me for over a month, that I'd go out and buy a ring like this for Helen?"

Tears well up in her eyes. "No?"

"I sure hope not." He gets up off the steps and stands in front of her. As he lowers himself down onto one knee, he says, "Nicole, your face is the first one I want to see when I wake up, and the last one I want to see before I fall asleep. And I felt that way about you before you had your surgery. I know we haven't known each other for very long, but I'm the kind of guy who doesn't need to feel love for a certain number of months or years before I know it's real and it's lasting. I only know how to love one way, and that's forever."

"But you divorced Helen."

"And yet, I still love her. We just can't be together like that anymore. I learned a few things about myself when I was with her, and one of those things is that I can love a woman as a friend, and I can love a woman as my soulmate. She was always just a friend."

"And I'm ... your soulmate? Me?"

"I believe you are. The question is, do you believe I'm yours? Because if you do, then I suggest you ask me to marry you."

She frowns through her tears, not sure she heard right. "But ... you bought a ring."

"Right. I figure we'll do this thing fifty-fifty. I bought the ring, you pop the question. Whenever you're ready, though. No pressure."

She laughs. She can't help it. "You are completely ridiculous."

He grins back at her. "Yeah, I've heard that before. But it makes sense, right? Equal commitment to the deal. It takes two to make a thing go right."

She raises an eyebrow. "It takes two to make it out of sight?"

"Aw yeah," he says. "See? We were totally meant to be. Kicking it old school, Wonder Twin powers, activate."

"You're crazy."

"Crazy with the math. I go halfway, you go halfway, and together, we go all the way."

"I can see you share the same math-brain as your son."

"The kid is brilliant."

"Yeah, I know."

His smile fades into earnestness, and her heart drops as she takes in his expression.

"No matter what happens with Kitten, I want to be there for you. For her. For all of us. Let's make this a family officially. What do you say?"

"Are you asking me to marry you?"

"No, I'm trying to convince you to ask me."

So many thoughts are warring for attention in her head. Even John's voice is there, shouting from a distance that she's his wife.

But none of it matters. What matters is that for the first time in her life, she feels like she's part of a real family. And the idea of no longer having Brian or Liam in her life makes her positively ill.

"I'm just worried that my feelings for you are too wrapped up in what you've done for me," she says.

"What do you mean?"

She sighs, frustrated with her inability to express what she's thinking. "I'm just ... worried that I love you because you saved me." She can't look at him; the shame is too great. It's as if she's insulted his feelings and her own, making them less somehow.

He uses a finger under her chin to lift her gaze. "Come on now, you don't really believe that do you?"

She shrugs. "No. But maybe."

"It's not this face you love?" He points to his chin.

She smiles a little. "I do love that face."

"What about these guns?" he asks, giving her a bicep curl.

"Oh, I do love the guns, that's true."

"Need I remind you of the back view?" He gets up and turns around, looking at her over his shoulder.

"You do have a nice rearview, that's for sure." Her cheeks heat up as he turns around and she's faced with another part of him she's pretty partial to.

"Look at me," he says.

She tilts her head up. The sun coming from behind him makes a halo of light appear all around his head. "And what about how you feel when I hold you in these arms?" He holds them out, the ring box in one hand and nothing in the other.

She stands and walks into the embrace. "I feel like I'm loved and I love you back when I'm in these arms." She closes her eyes and inhales, letting her breath out slowly and letting it bring all her misgivings with it.

"Yeah, that's my girl," he says, holding her close as he dips his head down to her shoulder. "I'm going to keep this ring for as long as I need to. Whenever you're ready, you do what you need to do."

"No pressure?" she asks, smiling at the audacity of that statement, while also not caring that he's standing there waiting for her to take the second biggest step she's ever taken in her life.

"No pressure," he confirms.

His phone buzzes in his pocket, but he ignores it.

"Answer that," Nicole says, whispering in his ear.

"I can't. I'm in a dream right now," he whispers back.

"But what if it's about Kitten?" She gets nervous just thinking about it and backs out of his arms.

He sighs heavily as he pulls the phone out of his pocket. "This is going to be bad, isn't it? All this waiting and not knowing."

"Pure torture. Now answer that." She points at the phone, afraid to touch it or even look at the caller ID.

"Brian."

His face goes immediately serious.

"Yeah, Gary, what's up?"

Nicole puts her face next to his and her ear to his phone, trying to listen with him. Gary's voice is tiny, but she can hear what he's saying.

"They got her! They got the woman, and she had a baby girl with her!"

"That fast? What the..." Brian is speechless. He leans in closer to Nicole so she can hear better, wrapping his arm around her lower back.

"They took the woman into custody and called me right away. The baby's being put in protective custody."

"I want her!" Nicole shrieks.

"Shhhh, shhh ..." Brian looks at her. "Babe, they won't just hand her over to someone without checking the DNA first. Just relax."

She pulls out of his embrace. "Don't tell me to relax! That's my daughter!"

"Gary, hold on." Brian puts his phone under his arm as he takes her upper arms gently in hand. "Babe, I need you to get a grip. Think about it. They're working off witness statements and a police sketch. That's not enough to prove it's your daughter. Would you want someone arresting you out of the blue and taking your child and handing her over to some stranger?"

She refuses to answer, but her eyes betray her.

"Of course not," Brian continues. "We need to let the system work for you and for her." He picks the phone back up. "Gary, what's the next step?"

Nicole moves away, unable to control herself enough to just listen in on the conversation. She trusts Brian to do the talking right now, since all she wants to do is scream at Gary.

Rationally, she knows it's not his fault, but her heart is breaking in half being this close to her baby and not being able to see her. I know it's her. I know it is. I can feel it. I don't need a stupid test to tell me it's her.

Brian hangs up the phone. "Gary is working all the legal angles. We already know that it wasn't Kitten in the grave from those DNA tests. But they have to do DNA tests on the baby before they can confirm anything."

"What if the woman confesses? What then?"

"I don't know. I'll ask Gary in a little while, but I think right now we should leave him to make his calls, don't you?"

She nods, still freaking out, but knowing Gary can only do one thing at a time. "That makes sense. Okay, we'll wait." She spins around and looks out over the lawn. Just a few minutes ago it was a regular backyard. There was grass and flowers and trees and insects buzzing around.

Now it's different. Now it's the place where she first learned that her daughter is alive. Right now, it's her favorite place in the world. She turns to Brian and grabs his hands.

"Brian!" she says, barely able to breathe.

"What?" He searches her eyes, waiting to hear what she has to say.

"Will you marry me?"

He laughs once and then stops. "Are you serious?"

She stomps her foot in frustration. "Of course I'm serious. Why would you ask that?"

He jumps down the stairs and reaches up to grab her, swinging her around in a big circle.

She screams with fright and delight. "Brian, stoooooop!"

He puts her on her feet and then drops to his knees, breathless as he scrambles to get the ring out of his pocket. Once it's out, he opens it and holds it up.

She never breaks eye contact with him, even as she gets down on her knees too.

"What are you doing?" he asks, smiling at her quizzically.

"Fifty-fifty, right?"

He winks at her as he takes the ring out of the box and slips it on her finger. "Yeah, babe. All the way."

She stares down at the small stone that winks up at her as it catches the sunlight in its facets. "It's so beautiful." She looks up. "You're not worried that Kitten is related to ... you know ... him?"

Brian frowns. "Of course not. Why would I be? All babies are born perfect and grow up to be like the person they spend the most time with. That's going to be you and me. She'll be amazing. Strong, loving, smart, and probably slightly goofy."

Nicole throws her arms around his neck and falls with him to the grass. "You're my hero."

"And you're my angel," Brian says, rolling over on top of her and giving her a kiss that promises all kinds of things that will happen once Liam is sound asleep and the lights have all gone out.

Chapter Sixty-Six

NICOLE IS READY TO THROW up. Brian can see it in her expression, in her pasty-white skin, in the way her hand rubs her stomach slowly.

"You're going to be fine," he says, pulling her closer and kissing the top of her head.

"She's already seven months old. What if she hates me? What if she cries every time I hold her?"

Brian reaches over and wipes away the one tear that has escaped her eye. "Don't be ridiculous. You're her mommy. She's going to love you. Just give her time to get used to you, okay? Don't expect too much right away. We'll just take it one day at a time."

He sends up his hundredth prayer that the woman who took Kitten from John at least kept her fed and clothed and somewhat stimulated. A complete medical and psychological evaluation so far has shown no damaging effects and no abuse that they can find, so the chances are decent enough that she's okay.

The only thing remaining is to move past the broken heart Nicole is suffering at the idea of another woman being cruel enough to take her child from her and keep it a secret for so long. Brian is glad they'll never meet her; he's afraid what Nicole might do to her and not that sure about what he might do too.

The door opens and a social worker walks in, holding the baby dressed in the outfit that Nicole picked out for her. It's a pink onesie with tiny flowers and frills on the bottom. Nicole has a blanket that matches sitting on the table in the small office they were given at the police station to manage this reunion.

Nicole moves forward immediately, one trembling hand on her mouth for a moment before her arms open and she begs silently for the woman to give her her child.

The woman hands the baby over, grunting with the effort. "They've been calling her Sharon, but I started calling her the name you gave me as soon as I took custody of her. It's much prettier."

Brian frowns at Nicole. "What's this all about?" This is the first he's hearing about a new name.

Nicole is crying silent tears as she hugs the baby to her.

The woman shrugs. "I have some paperwork, but I left it in my car. I'll be back. Don't leave 'til you sign it, otherwise, you'll make my job ten times harder when you make me track you down." She huffs and puffs out of the room and leaves them alone.

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god," Nicole whispers, swaying back and forth as she strokes the baby's back. The little girl rests her head on her mother's shoulder, looking at her mother's face. Her tiny hand reaches up to take a lock of Nicole's hair. She twists it slowly around her fingers and pulls, trying to bring it to her mouth.

Brian comes over and carefully unwinds it as Nicole winces with the pain. "Hello, Kitten. It's nice to meet you," he says, leaning in to kiss her soft cheek.

"She's so beautiful," Nicole whispers, full-on bawling now. "I can't ... I can't ... I can't breathe."

Brian holds out his hands. "Can I hold her?"

Nicole shakes her head. "Not yet." She takes three deep breaths to calm herself. "I need to feel her against me. I need to hold her right now. I can't let her go."

He nods and rubs her back. "You going to be okay?"

The baby lifts her head suddenly and looks at Nicole, her tiny eyes searching her mother's face as if trying to place her.

Nicole stops crying immediately. "Hello, my angel," she says. "Did you miss your mommy?" Her face crumples as more tears come out.

The baby reaches up and pats Nicole on the cheek. Her movements are awkward and jerky, but it's almost as if she's trying to comfort her mother. She makes no sounds, she doesn't cry, she just stares at her mom like she knows her.

"She remembers you," Brian says. "You can see it in her eyes. She does." He knows nothing will make Nicole happier than to believe this, so he hopes she does. She needs so much healing to happen right now. He cannot imagine the pain she must be in knowing that someone kept her baby from her for nearly eight months. The cruelty is unfathomable.

Nicole nods as she takes the patting hand in hers and kisses it. "I think she does too. I know I remember her. I remember that little nose." She shifts the baby so she can kiss it. Looking up at Brian when she's done, she says, "Do you want to hold her now?"

"Of course." He holds out his hands. "Come on over here, Kitten. Come to Daddy."

Nicole smiles through her tears. "Daddy, I'd like you to meet Briana. Briana, this is your daddy."

Brian's heart stops beating for a few seconds as he takes the baby and holds her against his chest. "Briana?" he asks, as he looks at her and then her mother. His face burns and his heart swells to twice its size.

"Kitten can be her nickname. I wanted to give her a name that we could be proud of. One that means something special to me."

He kisses the baby on her fat cheek. "Hello, Briana. Daddy's little kitten. Are you excited to meet your big brother?" The last word almost doesn't make it out, on account of the tears that have begun to flow for Brian too.

Never in his wildest dreams did he imagine that catching a baseball at a Marlins' game - the one thing he's been trying to do his whole life - would end up catching him a wife and a daughter too ... and a little sister for his beloved Liam. But he's not complaining one bit. Not one.

"You never did tell me about your sister," Nicole says, rubbing the baby's back as Brian holds her.

Brian clears his throat so the words will come out clearly. "She was in a car accident with me when we were little. We were Liam's age. She didn't make it. I did."

"Oh, that's terrible."

"Yeah," he says, touching foreheads with the baby. "I lost my sister and my best friend that day. The guy who hit our car was a mean drunk. My parents tried to shield me from most of it, but he showed up at our house several times before he was put in jail. After that I swore I'd never be like that guy. Never be angry and pushy and ... I don't know. It was a long time ago." Kissing the baby on the cheek, he closes his eyes. "I truly believe it was her who led me to you two. You picked the perfect name."

He opens his eyes and stares at the woman he loves. "Thank you, Nicole. Thank you for staying and becoming a part of my family."

Nicole is crying happy tears now. "Thank you for wanting me. And Briana."

"How could I not? You're my heart, babe. My heart. Without you I don't know what I'd do now."

"I think I'm ready now," she says, almost shyly.

"Ready? For what?" He backs away a little to see her face. He can't tell her how beautiful it is because she gets so upset, but he thinks it, every time he looks at her. Her inner light shines out from her eyes and makes her positively glow. Motherhood looks really good on her.

"To go to that therapy you've been bugging me about. I'm ready to talk to someone besides you and Helen and Agnes. You've helped me past my trust issues, but I have so much more to deal with. I think I need a professional to step in."

He hugs her to him gently. "Good for you, babe. You can do this. I'm so happy for you."

"For us."

"Yeah. For us."

Chapter Sixty-Seven

NICOLE IS SEATED NEAR THE front of the courtroom on the far end of the long wooden bench-seat. She looks at the side of John's face as he sits in the chair wearing an orange jumpsuit. His expression reveals nothing but contempt for the court process he's being forced to endure. She breathes another sigh of relief that the charges against her were dropped; she's not sure how she would have been able to handle sitting in his position.

The judge speaks out with a commanding tone. "What say you to the count of kidnapping of a child under age thirteen?"

"My client pleads guilty, your honor," responds John's attorney, standing.

"What say you to the count of false imprisonment of a child under age thirteen?"

"My client pleads guilty, your honor."

"What say you to the count of felony battery?"

"My client pleads guilty, your honor."

Nicole's mind wanders as the judge continues down the list of over ten charges being brought against John. She expected he'd plead guilty as part of the deal his lawyer put together. With his former girlfriend confessing to everything and giving them a ton of evidence against him, he had no choice, really; he would have lost big time, facing life in prison. Nicole's not sure how she feels about him getting out in twenty years, but at least Briana will be old enough and smart enough to defend herself against him if he ever shows up. Nicole will make absolutely sure of that.

She thinks back on the horrible story that unfolded and unraveled as the woman who had kept Briana began spilling her guts. Dating John for only a month before getting pregnant, she panicked when she went into early labor. He'd never hurt her or hit her, but she knew he was an intensely private person and would want to be the one to take her to the hospital. By the time he got to her to bring her there, she'd already gone into labor.

They did everything they could to help the baby, but she was born lifeless, with a full head of dark hair. John had left the woman at her apartment, making her swear not to call anyone or do anything. He said he could fix everything. A day later, he showed up with a tiny bald baby in his arms, and she'd never asked any questions. Distraught over losing her child, she'd been only too happy to take this one instead.

The relationship with John became strained, but even so, they had an unspoken agreement: Don't ask, don't tell. As long as she kept her mouth shut, she could have the daughter she had lost and no one would be the wiser. Her nightmares about the real mother to this baby she held in her arms only bothered her when she was sleeping, or so she said.

It was easy enough to show up at the hospital and get a birth certificate when it was all over. She had the puffed-out belly and all the other signs of a recent birth to back up her story. A week later she had a birth certificate and a social security number declaring the child hers and John's.

Nicole wakes up out of her voyage down memory lane as the judge shifts some papers around and then stares at John, the stern woman's expression revealing the revulsion she feels just looking at him.

"In all my years of serving on this bench, I have never seen such a despicable excuse for a man such as you before me. And believe me, I've seen some real losers."

Nicole's shocked at the woman's candor, but couldn't agree more. She glances at John and sees his lip curl. She's seen that happen before, as he's pounded his fist into her face. She's glad he's doing it at that woman up there with the black robe and not her.

"You deprived a woman of her freedom, of her child, of her very identity as a human being. You deprived a child of the love of her own mother for almost a year. You not only allowed but you contrived to have another woman subvert the rights of another new mother who desperately wanted her baby. If you have something to say for yourself, I'd love to hear it."

His lawyer leans over and whispers into his ear, but Nicole can tell that John isn't hearing any of it. He stands, his hands and feet shackled.

John speaks with a tone Nicole has heard a thousand times. She doesn't flinch or turn away in fear this time, though. This time, she watches him dig his own grave right here in the courtroom.

"You can say whatever you want about me. It doesn't matter. I know the truth. I know who I am. I did what I had to do. I did what any man would have done in my situation."

"No, sir, you did not," she argues. "You did what a monster would have done in your situation. That's what you are. You ...," she shakes her head, "...are a monster, nothing more."

She glances over at Nicole briefly, barely registering her presence, but letting Nicole know that she knows she's there. She looks back at John. "I hereby sentence you to twenty years in prison without eligibility for parole, as agreed between you and the district attorney. I'm also adding mandatory anger management counseling and domestic violence offender counseling to your sentence."

"I didn't agree to that!" John shouts, rattling his chains.

His lawyer grabs his forearm and tries to get him to sit, but John jerks away, knocking the lawyer back a little. "I'm not doing that shit! You hear me! You can't make me do that!"

"Yes, I can, and I will," says the judge very calmly. "And I suggest that rather than considering it a punishment, you consider it the blessing that it is. You need help. I'm getting it for you."

"Fuck you and your help!"

The bailiff moves from the corner of the bench and approaches him.

"Bailiff, take him into custody please. I've heard about enough." The judge gets up and turns around, ignoring John's struggles with the police officer and disappearing inside a panel in the wall behind her chair.

"Fuck you, bitch! I know you hear me! Fuck you!"

John's lawyer's face is beet-red as he packs up his papers.

John kicks the table as he's escorted out of the courtroom. "Fuck you too, jackass lawyer. You suck!"

Nicole smiles just as John turns his head and catches her eye.

He somehow breaks away from the slightly overweight bailiff and shuffles a couple steps away. He stares at her the entire time, hunched over like an ape.

As the officer grabs him around the shoulders, John says, "Nikki?" He's confused, probably trying to figure out why she looks so familiar and then again not at all like she used to.

She stands up and steps sideways to leave the long bench-seat she was sitting on. She steps out into the aisle and doesn't look back, even when he's yelling at her back.

"You used to be a lot prettier you know that, Nikki?! Beautiful! Now you're not! Now you're just ... you're not!" A door slams shut and his voice disappears.

"Yeah. I know," she whispers, smiling as she leaves the courtroom and joins her family waiting out in the hallway.

Taking the baby from Brian's arms, she buries her face in her tiny neck, inhaling the smell of lotion and baby sweat with every bit of her breath.

"Everything go okay?" Brian asks as Liam swings on his arm while holding his feet up in the air so they won't touch the ground.

Nicole smiles as the scent of her baby and her husband mingle and put her inside a happy fog. "Yes. He's going to be gone for a long, long time."

"Hold up for a second, Li-Li," Brian says. "Time for a family hug."

"Familyyyyy huuuug!" Liam shouts, throwing his arms around his dad's and step-mother's legs.

Nicole and Brian each put a hand down on Liam's back and Brian puts his other one around Nicole. "I love my family," Brian says, looking down at Liam.

"I love it too," Nicole responds, kissing him on the cheek.

"Oh good, I'm not too late," says Helen, coming up behind them and putting her arms around the group. "How's my baby girl Briana Helen doing?"

"She's good," Nicole says, closing her eyes as she soaks up the love. "She misses her Auntie Helen, though."

"Well, hand her over, then," Helen says, detaching herself and holding out her arms. "Come see your favorite and only aunt."

The baby holds out her arms and smiles, revealing her first tooth.

Nicole turns her attention to her husband as Helen steps away with the two kids.

"You did it, babe," Brian says. "You stood up to the monster and you won."

"Yeah, I did. But I couldn't have done it without you."

"Yes, you could have. But I'm glad you didn't." He leans in and kisses her gently on the lips.

"Me too."

"So what's next?" he asks. "You have the world at your feet. Say the word and we'll make it happen, whatever it is."

She bites her lip as she considers saying it out loud.

"What? Tell me."

"I think I might like to go to school. To college. I met John in my first semester and never went back."

Brian smiles hugely as he pulls her in tight. "I think it's a great idea."

"But I'm going to need help. With Briana. I hate to put anyone out over it..."

Brian play-frowns at her before responding. "Listen, girl. I don't know how many times I have to say this. Everyone needs help. And I'm Briana's dad. What kind of dad holds his baby's mom back because of a little daycare issue?"

She shrugs, almost not daring to think too hard about her life, about her luck, about all the love swirling up around her.

"A bad one, that's what kind. And I'm no bad dad."

"No, you're not. You're the best dad for my baby in the entire world." Nicole kisses him hard and then hugs him as tightly as she can. "Thank you, Brian. Thank you for everything you've done and for all the love you've given me and Briana."

"It's not that hard at all," he says, "especially for a girl as beautiful as you are."

She pulls back. "Please don't call me beautiful."

"I'm not talking about your face."

"You're not?" She smiles vaguely, taken aback by his serious expression and tone.

"No. I'm talking about how you are on the inside."

He looks as earnest as she's ever seen him. Her heart begins to melt as he continues to pour a balm on her scarred inner self.

"You are, hands down, the most beautiful woman I have ever known. Your heart is made of gold. And nothing and no one can ever change that about you, no matter how hard they might try."

Nicole nods, knowing finally that he's right. John may have taken her outer beauty, but he could never touch her heart or her soul. They remained safe with her all along, and now they're healthy again and ready to share with someone who deserves her love.

"Ready to go home?" Brian asks, pulling out of her embrace and extending his hand.

"Yes. I'm ready to go home." Nicole puts her hand in his and leaves the court building, never once looking back.

