CHAPTER ONE

MY NAME'S TEAGAN. I KNOW, I know ... the name. Twenty-two years ago, my mother thought a Welsh name for her only child would be beautiful. Teagan means pretty, so it should have fit perfectly. Who has an ugly baby, right? I guess I did okay in the looks department. I'm not too short, not too tall. Eating chips and gummy bears every day has no effect on my somewhat athletic frame, and I've been told my green eyes compliment my pale complexion. The problem with the name Teagan is my mom never considered the creative names kids would morph it into.

"Yo, Teabag, what's up?"

I flip Perry Spitler off, but he just laughs as he passes on by.

He and I have an understanding; when we see each other on campus, he insults me, I flip him off, and we never actually talk. It suits us both just fine. Making out with him and then ralphing on his shoes in freshman year was one of the best moves I've ever made in my climb up the social ladder at UCLA.

"Why do you even talk to that douche canoe?" asks my friend Quin as she brushes out her long, black hair. Quinlan is her real name, but she refuses to answer to it. We both have a thing with names, which is only one of the many reasons we get along so well. "I hear he puts toy cars in dark places on weekends." She puts away her brush and takes a bite of an energy bar, chewing it like a cow and waiting for my reaction.

I'm both intrigued and disgusted. "And by toy cars and dark places we mean..." I twist my longish, wavy brown hair up into a bun and stick a pencil in it to keep it from falling to my shoulders again. It's frigging hot out here in the student union today. Dry heat, my butt.

"Literally. Like that movie Jackass. He put a toy car in his ass**le at a party the other night."

I snort in disbelief and disgust. "He did not."

Quin puts up her hand like a girl scout. "Swear. Guy's an asscar driver."

I'm really happy I barfed on him now. Really, really happy. The kiss we shared? Well, we'll just tally that up to a serious lapse in judgment on my part. In my defense, there were copious amounts of beer involved.

I can't help but stare at his butt as he goes by. "Remind me not to accept any rides from him in the future."

We collapse in immature giggles that have Perry turning around and frowning. Watching his face and imagining that I can see he's walking with a slight limp only makes it worse. By the time I can see clearly again, he's gone.

"Man, I totally needed that." I can feel the good mood drugs floating around in my brain. Now the upcoming Summer of Doom doesn't seem quite so bleak.

"You ready for summer break?" Quin asks, crumpling up the wrapper to her energy bar and throwing it on the ground.

I lean down and pick it up, sighing as I stick it in my bag. This is her thing. This is my thing. This is how we roll, with her being a pain in the ass and me picking up after her. "No. I'm not ready. I want to stay here and hang out with you and all the cool people."

"No, you don't. Do you know how hot it gets here in the summer? Ugh." She brushes crumbs off her lap. "I am going to literally cook in my own skin, like a poached egg."

"You forget, I've lived here for almost four years now, and No Cal isn't that different."

"But you always leave in the summer, and No Cal is different, so that doesn't count. By the time you get back this September for your very last semester - by the way, you completely suck for graduating before me - all the poaching will be done."

"You should come with me. Silicon Valley's got a drier heat than LA." I'm lying, but she'll never know.

She faces me, not smiling. That's a rare expression for her, as Quin-grins come frequently and often without provocation. We're not much alike in that way; my smiles are rationed for only truly happy moments.

"You should invite me, and maybe I would," she says.

"I always invite you."

"No, you don't. You just say, 'You should come.' That's not the same thing."

"What do you want, an engraved invitation?" A tiny spark of hope glimmers in my chest. Summer would only suck half as much if Quin were with me back at my father's place.

"Yes. That would work." She sniffs and looks off into the distance.

"I'll seriously do it, if that's what it would take to finally get you up there."

"No, don't bother. I can't go."

"Why? Because LA's social scene would never survive without you?"

"No." She stands, brushing off her legs. "Come on, we're going to be late."

"Late for what? My classes were all done as of twenty minutes ago."

"I have an appointment with a milkshake over at McDonald's House of Horrors. Come on. Your treat."

We begin the long walk across campus. "I'll pay for your ticket," I say, testing the waters. I don't know why I bother, though.

"Nope. I pay my own way."

"Do you have the money?"

"No. You know I'm broke." Quin is always broke. She lives off the kindness of others and a scholarship. I'm not even sure what the scholarship is for. Do they give scholarships for being a smartass? Because if they do, she qualifies for a full ride.

"Then let me pay," I say.

"No."

"You can pay me back."

"No."

I try a different tack. "It's because you don't like me, I know. Admit it."

"No, that's not it, and if you try and guilt me into doing it, we won't be friends anymore."

"That's a lie."

"Yes, it is, but still ... I won't let you pay."

I give her my puppy dog eyes. "I'm going to be desperately lonely."

"No, you won't be. You'll have a bodyguard babysitter."

I sigh. "They always suck."

"That last one didn't."

"The last one was like forty years old!"

"So? What do you want to do? Fuck them or just have them take a bullet for you?"

"Can't I do both?"

We laugh, knowing I'm full of crap. I actually liked the last guy assigned to babysit me, the guy being paid to assuage my father's paranoia. He actually believes there are people in silicon valley trolling the neighborhoods for executives' kids, since according to him they'd make really excellent kidnapping targets.

Jim was the name of my last babysitter. Maybe I'll get him again and we can play chess all summer like we did last year. I've never slept with one of my dad's employees. They're always married, ugly, old, or a trifecta of all three. Besides, my dad would kill us both if I did something that stupid. We don't fraternize with the help.

That's what my uber arrogant step-mother says, anyway, although I'm not so sure she hasn't put that rule to the side from time to time with the pool boy. Seriously ... I'm not kidding. The pool boy.

"What are you thinking about right now?" Quin asks me. "I.O.U. for your thoughts."

"I'm thinking how much I hate The Heinous One for being such a bag of dicks."

Quin smiles. "I'm really looking forward to meeting your step-mother at graduation, you know that? I'm totally going to call her that to her face."

I smile back. "Me too. Some day." When I find a way to support myself and don't have to worry about my father cutting me off.

CHAPTER TWO

I'M PACKING UP THE LAST of my crap from my dorm room when I get the call. I moved in here for my last semester and a half to make life easier. Six months ago my lease was up on my apartment, and the douchebags who run the place didn't want to extend it; apparently, my parties annoyed the old farts who also lived there. I tried to tell my dad at the time he moved me in there that the condo wasn't a good place for a college student's living arrangements, but he didn't listen. He liked the gated security and the living-breathing guard in the lobby; and besides, he never listens to anyone under the age of twenty-five. I'm still three years away from having anything of value to say in his world.

The Call. The one that changes my life forever. It comes as I'm sitting on my suitcase, trying to get it to zip up. Stupid cell phones. They sit there on the desk or in your pocket or purse, tiny and black, taking up so little space, but sometimes they carry messages that show how incredibly powerful they really are. Bastard f**king cell phone.

They say you shouldn't kill the messenger, but that doesn't stop me hearing words straight from my worst nightmare and responding by whipping my phone across the room into the wall, shattering it into about ten different pieces.

"What the hell?" asks a girl walking by in the hallway. She stops in my doorway. Lindey. We know each other, but not well. She's mostly lame and I'm only halfway lame, so we move in different circles.

I sit down on my bed, ignoring Lindey as visions race through my mind. This cannot possibly be real. Maybe The Heinous One is pulling some kind of seriously sick joke on me. Am I being punked? Would she do something like that? I don't put much past her, but this ... this cannot be a cruel joke. It has to be real. Not even she would be this evil.

"Should I call Quin for you?" Lindey asks.

I don't answer. I can't. The words aren't really making sense to me right now. All I can picture is my father's face the last time I saw it. Serious. Annoyed. Stressed. I can't remember the last words we said to one another. Were they kind? Loving? Dismissive? Cold? I vote for the latter choices; those would be more in keeping with our relationship of late. Ever since the Heinous One entered it two years ago.

CHAPTER THREE

"TEAG. TEAG. CAN YOU HEAR me?" Quin is sitting next to me on my bare, stripped-of-sheets bed, waving her hand in front of my face.

I slap her away as I stand. "Quit."

"Well, thank Hootie and the Blowfish you're still in there." She stands and huffs out a breath. "I about had a heart attack thinking you'd fallen into some catatonic state. You owe me dinner tonight. The last hurrah. The two amigas ride again for the last time." She waves in my general direction. "I don't have time fo' dat coma shit." She leans towards me, giving me a maniacal grin. Normally this would help whatever mood I'm in, but this time, it just scares me. This is not real life. That phone call I just got? That's real life.

Her happy mood deflates. "What happened, Teagan? Seriously. Enough of the silent game. I freak out over the silent game, you know that. I'll talk until my teeth fall out and my tongue cramps. We'll both hate me."

I look at her but say nothing. The words won't come. I try, but only air is there.

"Please?" She looks so pitiful, I can't ignore her anymore.

My throat is sore for some reason. "Quin, I just ... I can't play right now."

"What happened?" she whispers. "Did you finally come to terms with the fact that Dolph Lundgren is not going to lose thirty years off his life and marry you?"

I shake my head. Now is not the time to bring my lifelong crush on The Dolph into the picture.

She continues, trying to break through the cold barrier that's gone up around my heart. "Did you hear the news that Justin and Selena are back together again? Is that what this is all about? Because that makes me sad too. And a little mad. She should be smarter than that. He's nothin' but a monkey abandoner."

"Quin. My dad's dead."

She's in the middle of making another asinine guess about what my problem is when her mouth slaps shut. She backs her head up and frowns. "Say ... what now?"

I don't respond.

Her face goes a little pale. "You're f**king with me. That's not cool, Teag. Seriously. Not. Cool."

I shake my head, battling tears. My dad was a bastard, but he was my dad after all. I'm sad. I'm scared. And I'm so f**king lost.

Quin grabs me in a tight embrace, trapping my arms at my sides. "Oh, f**k me senseless, I had no idea you weren't kidding around." She looks up at me from her five foot height. "You're not messing with me, right? Because that would be unforgivable. Too far."

My chin quivers as I try to hold it all in.

Quin puts her head on my shoulder and squeezes me harder. "Don't worry, chiquita, we'll figure this out. We'll figure this out..."

She's still patting my back five minutes later when the tears finally erupt from my head. It's her last attempt at making me feel better that breaks the dam holding back my sorrow.

"Don't worry, Teagan," she says, "you're not alone."

CHAPTER FOUR

I AM TOTALLY AND UTTERLY alone. My father has done a great job over the last couple decades of alienating every single person who may have been someone who could take me in. Unless his money comes as part of the deal, I am persona non grata to my extended family, and since the money is now fully in the hands of The Heinous One, the same assmunch who had my father cremated without a funeral or even a memorial service, I guess I can't blame them for saying - um, no. Not in this lifetime.

Seeing as how they've never met me, I can't expect them to welcome me into their homes with open arms. I made zero effort my entire life to know them, and I'm an adult now. I should, in theory, be perfectly capable of standing on my own two feet. Instead, five days after receiving the worst news of my life, I'm in the asscar driver Perry's apartment with Quin sitting next to me, trying to talk me off the ledge I'm standing on in my mind.

I have nothing and nowhere to go. My bank account has exactly three hundred and eight dollars in it, my father's lawyer says I won't get another penny from the estate until I'm thirty, and everything my father ever held dear is now in the hands of a bimbo he met on a cruise and married a week later. I am completely adrift on this nightmare sea of darkness.

"It's not the end of the world, okay?" Quin says. "You have options. You can stay here with...," she lowers her voice, "the asscar driver ..." Clearing her throat, she continues. "... For at least a few days, maybe more." She looks over at Perry as he passes through the living room, but he shakes his head.

"I'm leaving," he says, "moving out. You have the couch for two days, that's it." He disappears into his bedroom.

I swallow the fear down and let it marinate in my stomach. It joins the thrashing, seizuring butterflies that have been living in there for the past forty-eight hours. Ever since that first phone call, my life has gone very quickly down the tubes and into a hell of a sewer system. And let me tell you, it f**king stinks down here. The only good news I've had is that I had insurance on my demolished cell phone and Quin picked up the replacement for me today.

"Okay, so you have to move in with me. That's it, done deal." Quin folds her arms across her chest. She looks about twelve years old and I wish I could laugh at it, but I'm too depressed and scared about my future.

I sigh. "You know your mom already said no, and you have no room anyway." Quin has lots of brothers and sisters and they're up each other's asses twenty-four-seven. No way could I survive in that place. I need some private space or I go batty.

That's why Quin and I never roomed together. We spend way too much time being best friends as it is. When considering her many requests to room together, I always pictured waking up to find her spooning me or something. It's not that she's in love with me or anything, but she is somewhat overly touchy-feely, and I know for a fact she strangles about three pillows every night sleeping all tangled up with them. That's why my answer was always hell-to-the-no-thank-you-no-offense-meant when she asked me to be her roomie.

My mom died when I was just a baby, and my dad is ... or was ... about as cold as they get. I guess he's really cold now, being dead and all. I wish I could feel bad about that, about thinking these things about him, but we were never close. The only cuddles I've ever gotten have been from other guys or Quin, and all of those made me just a little bit uncomfortable.

"Well, what are you going to do, then?" she asks in a small voice. "I can't just leave you here to sleep on the street."

I shrug. "Maybe I'll find a job. And an apartment."

"Babe ...," she says, stroking my arm, "... I don't mean to be a total killjoy, but you don't even have a resume. And apartment places don't take people without jobs and without references or anything. You don't even have deposit or rent money, which I totally don't get since just two days ago you were flingin' bling like it was going out of style, but whatever."

I shrug her off. "Yeah. Thanks for the recap of my shit life. That was helpful." I stand up, needing space, needing air, needing something that's not in this apartment.

"Where are you going?" she asks, standing too.

I grab my keys off the ring by the door. "I have to go job hunting. I'll see you later."

"But I want to come with you!" she whines, grabbing her purse off the couch.

"Maybe next time," I say, shutting the door behind me. I run to the car, crying as I go. I make sure to pull out of the parking lot and get down the street a little before I stop again and rest my head on the steering wheel.

If Quin sees me losing it like this she'll have a stroke and force me to live in her garage or something. I might be poor as shit all of a sudden, after almost a lifetime of being the daughter of a wealthy Silicon Valley CEO, but that doesn't mean I don't still have some pride left. And I'll be goddamned if I'm going to sponge off my best friend whose own family doesn't have two pennies to rub together.

I cry for a while and then lean back in my seat, my fingers stroking the large, shiny steering wheel in front of me. Getting a vintage, beater '68 Beetle had seemed so cool and kitschy at the time I bought it four years ago. Now it just feels stupid. If I had taken the Lexus my father had tried to push on me, at least I could have sold it and had some dough.

As it is now, I'm the proud owner of a bucket of dented sheet metal that passed its prime about twenty years ago with nothing but bolts and scratched paint holding it all together. The Beast has served its purpose of delivering my sorry ass from Point A to Point B for the past four years, but now it's just an embarrassment. I almost feel like a traitor to the car, saying that about her, but job hunting in this thing is going to make it even harder for me to find a way to support myself. It's bad enough that I truly am desperate, but worse that I look it, too.

Checking myself in the mirror, I see that things aren't going much better for my face. Bloodshot puffy eyes, mascara smears, and a swollen nose from all the crying have turned me into a run-down prostitute-looking mofo. Goddamn. What is wrong with me? Who the hell gets a swollen nose from crying? I shake my head in disgust as I turn the ignition key. Time to get a grip and find a way to tide my life over until I can come up with a better plan.

The engine bubbles to life as only Beetle motors can. Pulling out into the main road, The Beast and I head out into the wild blue yonder, otherwise known as The Mall.

CHAPTER FIVE

TWO HOURS LATER, I'VE LEARNED a couple very valuable lessons. First, about how important it is to start job hunting before the end of the semester. Pretty much every decent job at the mall and nearby restaurants is already taken by students staying over the summer. And second, the fact that I have zero prior work experience nixes any chance I have to be hired at the couple businesses that are still hiring. I have to leave this area of town and hunt somewhere else, because I'm liable to bitch-slap the next person who tells me I need job experience just to press buttons on a cash register.

The Beast and I head towards the seedier part of town. I need a job and I need one fast, so I'm going to go into places that don't give a shit about my blank resume or about what I drive. As long as I'm not selling the hootchie or giving it away in exchange for a room, I figure I'll be all right. I'm tough. I can handle this. I can handle anything.

First stop, Blue Star Pawn, the place that guarantees straight deals and the lowest prices in town...

The clerk's gold tooth doesn't impress me nearly as much as he thinks it does. He's giving me an eyeful of his horrifically misspent dental dollars, nodding his head as his gaze roams from my boobs to my hooch. It's awful just like that, but with his frizzy red hair, freckles, and thick yellow-blonde eyebrows, it feels like I'm being visually felt-up by a gangster Carrot Top.

So. Very. Wrong.

"Yo, up here, maybe?" I wave at him to get his attention.

"Can I he'p you?" he asks, finally looking at my face.

"Uh, yeah, you can he'p me. Or maybe I can he'p you."

"Is that a fact? I'm listenin'." He puts a toothpick in his mouth and twirls it around with his tongue. I think it's supposed to be sexy, but it borders on nauseating. I'm seeing altogether too much of this man's tongue, and I'm way too sober for that shit.

Shudder.

I look down at the glass display case in front of me to distract myself from telling him all about himself. Great. There are hunting knives inside. How am I going to stop thinking about stabbing him and putting him out of his misery now?

"I need a job," I say, getting a grip on my homicidal thoughts. "Are you hiring?"

He laughs. He actually laughs right in my face.

"Hoo, boy, you funny," he finally says when his lungs are done throwing mists of phlegm around the room.

"What's so funny?" I ask, not a smile in sight. "I don't get it."

"You what's so funny, tha's what. All white bread in here tryin' to ask me fo' a job. That's good shit, that is." He takes the toothpick out and laughs some more. I kind of wish he'd left the big splinter of wood there, so maybe he could inhale it into his nasty lungs.

"Did you seriously just call me white bread? I thought that was only in the movies that people did that."

"White. Bread." He says it with his southern-fried accent seriously exaggerated, ignoring the fact that he's just as white as I am. Whiter, actually.

"Like Wonder Bread, white," he clarifies. "Like I ain't seen nothin' that white outside-a one-a them mimes, yo."

I laugh just because I'm so out in the weeds. I don't even think we're from the same planet. Right now, in this exact moment, I realize it's highly possible that the shit in the movie Men In Black is totally real and that I just stumbled onto an alien's home away from home.

Looking around, hoping not to see any otherworldly laser guns hidden away, I respond. "I know you didn't just call me a mime, dude." I look at him and see his expression hasn't changed. "That is so wrong." I hate mimes. Being called a mime is like being called a straight up ass**le in my book.

"Yeah, you like one-a them mimes. With the face all painted white 'n shit. Stumblin' around all foolish an' lost in a box."

I cross my arms. "What's so foolish about being unemployed?" I don't want to work here anymore, not that I really did in the first place, but it's the principle of the thing that keeps me here arguing with Cro-Magnon man. I don't like being drive-by mimed for no reason. It sucks bad enough to be jobless, but there cannot possibly be anything worse than looking like a jobless mime. I hate that this ginger-headed wannabe gangster sees me as lost.

He goes serious on me. "What's foolish is you bein' in here at all. What-choo doin'? Checkin' things out for the po-po? Cuz I run a legitimate business up in here and I don't appreciate you gettin' all up on me like dat."

Forget Men In Black. I'm seriously in a Quentin Tarantino movie right now. That's the only explanation for what's happening. And for some reason, I can't just walk away without saying anything. Maybe I've finally snapped, the news of my father's passing too much, or maybe it's being insulted by a dude whose intelligence is one notch above brain dead that keeps me rolling.

In my temporarily demented mind, I consider that maybe this is how the great director picks his next star, by setting them up for a random punking-slash-audition. And if I'm going to be a celebrity actress, I figure I should go all the way, with my game face on and everything.

What would Uma Thurman do right now? I narrow my eyes and put a little swagger into my backwards walk towards the entrance to the pawn shop. "Yeah, that's right, home slice. I'm undercover po-po, and this shit's about to get real."

"How real?" he asks, totally falling for my awesome.

"Reeeeal real. Check this shit out." I do my best imitation of a mime stuck in a box. I stop suddenly and stare him down. "We got eyes on you, man." I point at him with my two fingers, squinting my eyes like Uma did in Kill Bill. "We got ... Eyes. On. You."

I feel the door handle hit the middle of my back, just in time to save me from doing some seriously lame-ass karate moves. I'm getting way too into this role. I'll definitely be getting a call-back if Quentin is anywhere around.

He yanks his toothpick out of his mouth and points it at me. "Don't you come back here, mime-girl, you hear!"

I shout as the door closes behind me. "Oh, I'll be back! You can bet on that!"

I fast-walk to The Beast, figuring I have about fifteen seconds before he comes out and either offers me a job or shoots me in the back, neither of which scenario I find even remotely appealing.

CHAPTER SIX

NEXT STOP: THE WASH-N-Dry-N-Fold Laundromat. It's a mouthful of terrible business ideas, but there's a sign in the window, one plaza over from Golden Tooth Pawn, saying that help is wanted. I walk inside and inhale the scent of fabric softener sheets and hot dryers, my eyes scanning what will probably be my first real job place.

I nod in satisfaction. I can totally handle this. What will I have to do? Stock the soap dispenser? Put coins into little paper rolls? Count the bills in the money changer? Please. So easy. I took accounting in college and I have more than half a brain.

I walk up to a round, short woman pulling some very large underpants out of the dryer. I try to breathe through my mouth so I won't inhale freshly-baked granny panties. "Excuse me, ma'am ... do you know where I can find the manager?"

She lifts an eyebrow at me but says nothing. She commences the eight-part fold that will bring that sailboat underwear canvas down to a manageable size.

"Um ... hello? Do you know where the manager is?" I ask in a slightly louder voice. Maybe she's hard of hearing from spending so much time in here. I'm going to have to buy some ear plugs if I'm going to work in this joint. I try not to sound irritated, but I'm still picturing myself as a mime and it's not pretty. Why is it that insults given by society's rejects sting so much more than regular ones?

"No comprendo," she finally says, turning her back to me.

"Well, f**k," I say, mostly to myself. "That's mighty inconvenient."

"Do you have laundry to do or you just in here harassing people?" asks a rough voice from the back of the room. A tall, skinny guy is standing in the open door of what might be a back office.

Score. Manager, twelve o'clock.

I walk over with purpose, my hand held out for a handshake like I've seen business people do all my life. "Hello, are you the manager? I'm Teagan Cross, and I'm here for the job you have advertised." I stop in front of him, my offer of friendship dangling in the air between us.

He looks at me, his face screwed up. "Advertisement. I didn't leave no advertisement anywhere."

This might be a trick. I try not to let my annoyance show. Maybe he's testing me to see how I handle mentally handicapped customers. Jerking my thumb towards the front window, I smile. "Sign on the door there? Help wanted it says ..."

"That ain't no advertisement. It's just a sign."

I clear my throat to get control of my mouth. This whole area of town has apparently been invaded by aliens who've watched way too many episodes of Dukes of Hazzard.

"My mistake. I saw your sign out there and so here I am. I'm ready for the job if you're still hiring."

"You want to work in a laundromat." He says it like a statement.

"That's why I'm here, yeah." I resist the urge to cross my arms in front of me. I'm just a little worried about what I might do if he calls me a mime.

"You speak Spanish?" he asks.

"No."

"Russian?"

I half-laugh. "No. I speak English. This is the United States, right?"

"Maybe. But you gotta speak other languages if you want to work here."

"Maybe this is the United States? No, I'm pretty sure this is the United States." A multi-lingual laundromat employee? I think not. This guy's just blowing me off. I look around me to get my bearings. "I didn't get on a plane and fly to another country without realizing it, did I?"

"I guess you never heard of the great melting pot," he says, a small smile quirking up the corner of his mouth. "Guess they skipped that in your civics class."

"They didn't skip it. I'll have you know that I'm one semester away from graduating from UCLA, and I know plenty about the melting pot." Actually I don't know that much about it, but he'll never know. I hate geography and I was never good at foreign languages. I took French, but only because it was required, and I suck at it. I can only speak one sentence: je vais a la plage, which means I'm going to the beach. Yeah, buddy.

"Okay then, college girl, you know then that this particular neighborhood is populated mostly by immigrants. And they come from places where they don't speak English, so if you want to work here, you have to be able to do the basic things ... you know ... like communicate."

I snort. "Right. Like you speak Spanish."

He looks over at the lady standing near the dryer. "Como va todo por alli? Necesitas ayuda plegado que la ropa? Tengo una nina con estudios universitarios dispuestos a ayudar por aqui."

She cackles in response as my face flames red.

I jump back in, determined not to be the dumbest person in the room. "Yeah right. It's not like you speak Russian or anything, though."

He doesn't even bat an eye before opening his mouth."Vui predpolagaetse mnoga o chelovieke, s kotorim vui ni znakomui."

Who's the ass**le in the room? Yeah. That's me.

"I'm going to leave now."

"Good luck with the job hunting." He laughs as he draws back into his office and sits down in his squeaky chair.

I'm pretty sure my humiliation is complete as I walk away, but then I'm proven wrong when the round lady speaks up as I open the door to leave.

"Hasta la vista."

My eyes cross with the effort of not replying out loud.

Yeah. Fuck you too, big-ass panty lady. The laundromat door hits me on the heel on the way out and causes me to trip my way across the sidewalk back to my Beetle.

CHAPTER SEVEN

THOROUGHLY DEMORALIZED, I GET INTO The Beast and just drive. I start crying again, but three blocks later make myself quit that crap. I'll be damned if I'm going to let some alien ass**les make me feel like a smeared street turd. I might have been raised in the lap of luxury most of my life, but that doesn't mean I've internalized that stuff. I'm fully capable of working a job in this part of town and doing it well; I just need someone to give me a chance. Someone different. Someone who thinks outside the box. Someone who...

I leave off in mid-thought when I see the sign. Angels from up on high sing down at me in one giant harmonized chorus. Glory be. This has got to be the place for me.

"Rebel Wheels," I say, my blood pressure going up with my excitement. "I have rebel wheels. What could be more rebellious than a '68 Volkswagen Beetle?"

Feeling really good about this one, I pull off the road and into the commercial area that the sign is pointing to. I'm so going to beg for a job from this outfit. Maybe to convince them, I'll show them how I can check my own oil; that'll impress the hell out of them. How many chicks can do that? Almost none, that's how many. I was born for this job. This job that might not exist. No, screw that. There's a job for me here, I can feel it.

Pulling into a spot outside the main doors of the place, I check my face in the rearview mirror. Fumbling around, I get the thing to turn in my direction, but then it snaps off in my hand.

My voice moves into a register that only dogs can hear. "What the f**k?!" The mirror falls into my lap, landing at the perfect angle for me to take in my bloodshot eyes and swollen nose.

"Goddamn it!" I grab the mirror and throw it into the passenger seat where it bounces off the vinyl cushion to land on the floor. Stunned and pissed, I sit there staring out the front window at the beige wall of Rebel Wheels. More than anything, I'm impressed by how thoroughly the Fates have destroyed my life. Even The Beast is abandoning me now. "Fuck me with a whole entire box of f**k."

"That sounds interesting," says a voice off to my left.

I forgot my window was down. Looking over at the source of the voice, I try to smile through my pain. "Uh, sorry about that. It's French. I speak a little French." Time to pad the resume, bitches.

I peg him to be around twenty-five. He's skinny, blonde, and hot as hell. Definitely your class-A bad-boy type. Not my cup of tea, but I can see Quin getting her panties in a twist over him. He probably does illegal warehouse fights for money or something equally bad-boyish.

He shrugs. "No big. Can I help you with something?" He gestures with his chin. "Maybe fix that mirror for you?"

I open the door and try and put my best foot forward, pretending like I didn't just unload the holy terror of cusswords at his front door. He's wearing a Rebel Wheels t-shirt, so I know he works here. Hell, he's probably Rebel himself.

"Maybe," I say. "But I can fix it myself. I'm very handy like that." That's a lie. I'm going to lie my way into a job and not regret it one bit. I'm desperate.

"Really? Okay, then. Anything else? Tune-up maybe? Engine sounds rough."

"Nah, that's how Beetles sound."

He gives me a half grin that almost has me changing my mind about what type of guy I'm attracted to.

"Is that so?" he asks.

"Yeah. So ... listen ... I have a confession."

"This oughta be good." He crosses his arms and leans back on a car behind him. "I'm all ears."

"I'm looking for a job. I can do just about anything, and you don't have to pay me a lot."

"Can you do an engine rebuild? We need a mechanic."

"Uh ... no. But I can learn?" I know I sound weak as hell, but I'm serious. I will f**king build an engine from scratch if I have to. I'll get grease under my nails and armpit stink all over this place. I am so ready to work my ass off.

He stands straight, letting his arms drop to his sides. "You can come in and talk to Rebel, but don't hold your breath. He doesn't hire people he doesn't know. And we need a mechanic with experience."

I frown as I follow him through the front door. "How can he only hire people he knows? Does he have that many friends?"

"Rebel knows people," is all he'll say.

I'm too distracted by the interior of the front office to ask any more of the questions that are swimming in my mind. Talk about dirty. Holy crap, this place should be condemned. There are pizza boxes stacked up in all four corners of the room. One of them is half-open and there are petrified crusts inside. Dirt covers every square inch of all the surfaces I can see. It's impossible to tell what color the floor is supposed to be. Is that carpet? Or a thick layer of fuzzy dirt?

My mystery host leads me through the office and into the main part of the building where several cars are in various states of repair. It's actually cleaner in here than it is in the office, which makes zero sense. There's one car jacked up on a high lift and a big guy working under it. He's got coveralls on, but they're unzipped and the top half is hanging down by his legs, leaving his upper body bare.

I nearly choke on my own drool. Holy mother ... please do not tell me this is Rebel, because if it is, I will not be able to talk to him. Gorgeous does not even begin to cover what I'm looking at. Muscles? Yeah. Everywhere. Tattoos? Check. The one on his thick right arm looks like the Virgin Mary if my eyesight isn't failing me. Body fat? None that I can see.

I instantly begin to sweat from every pore on my body. Not attractive at all. Did I remember to put deodorant on today? Ack! I pray to any god who might be listening that she will have mercy on my sorry ass and hold off any pit-stink coming from my direction until after I'm gone from here.

"Rebel, this is ..." My host turns to look at me. "Sorry. Didn't get your name."

"Teagan." My voice sounds like a chipmunk, so I repeat myself, lowering it down. "Teagan. Cross. Teagan Cross. That's my name."

"Cool." He looks back over at the man ignoring us under the car. We've stopped just in front of the spot where the edge of the vehicle is almost above our heads. I make sure to stay back a little, just in case the thing comes crashing down. "This is Teagan, and she's looking for a job."

"She a mechanic?" Rebel asks, turning the tool he has in his hand but not bothering to look over.

"No. But she can fix rearview mirrors, apparently."

Shame turns my face beet red, but I open my mouth and vomit words on them anyway. "I can check oil too."

"We need a mechanic," Rebel says, still not looking at us.

"Yeah. I told her that." The other guy turns around, probably expecting me to follow him, but I'm not giving up this easily. I haven't seen a single gold tooth yet, and if the only thing I have to worry about is cleaning up a few pizza boxes, I'm all in. Especially with all this eye candy around. I realize in that moment that I have a sweet tooth.

"But I can do all kinds of other things," I say. "I can clean that holy terror of a mess you call an office, I can talk to customers, I can manage your accounting ..."

He stops working and looks at me. The rest of my resume gets caught in my throat at what I see.

"What'd you just call my office?"

My mouth opens but the words seem to have gotten stuck next to my larynx. He's so gorgeous. He looks like he's in the Russian hot guy mafia. I'm so sad that I don't speak Russian right now like that motherfucker laundromat guy. I'm so flustered, the only sound that will come out of my mouth is not really human and definitely not attractive. "Garrrr..."

"It's a shithole, Rebel, you know it is," says my savior from behind me.

Rebel goes back to looking at the bottom of the car. Apparently, he's done talking.

And now I'm lost. Should I keep trying to convince him? Beg? Cry like a giant baby? Give up and walk away? Drive over to the Boobie Patch and try out for a pole-dancing job?

I shake my head, refusing to give in to defeat. This is so not going to go down like this. I won't let it. "I'll tell you what, Rebel. You keep working on that ... whatever it is you're working on ... that transmission or whatever ... and I'm going to start cleaning up that office. We'll call it a probationary period. If you don't like it, you can just tell me to f**k off. I mean, to go to hell. I mean, ... shit. Never mind." I turn around and walk swiftly away, passing by the guy who brought me to Rebel, ignoring the fact that his eyebrows are almost in his hairline.

I breathe a sigh of relief when I reach the office and haven't heard a single word of disagreement from anyone.

CHAPTER EIGHT

FOUR VERY SWEATY AND SMELLY hours later, I have turned the beast into a beauty. Brand new cleaning supplies that I found unused in the full bathroom - a nasty health hazard harboring what is surely some sort of Udengi fever bacteria - spiff up all the surfaces in the room until they're shining.

Using boxes I located in a closet, I organize all the errant pieces of paper and half-used file folders into various piles to be gone through later. The only thing I'm not able to fix is the carpet. Yes, it is carpet, but with a thick layer of black grime over the top of it. I find a single clean spot under one of the desk legs, so I know at one point it was avocado green. Now it's a giant heap of toxic waste out in the dumpster, since I decided the only way to save it was to put it out of its misery.

I'm standing in the middle of the freshly-mopped, tile-floored room with my hands on my hips and a smile of satisfaction playing on my lips when the skinny guy comes in.

"What the hell?" he says. His mouth falls open as he takes in the scene before him.

The first sliver of fear sneaks into my heart. "What? Are you mad? Will Rebel be mad?"

He doesn't answer me. His gaze roams the room and only stops when it gets to me.

My heart experiences a painful spasm at his expression. "Please don't tell me he's going to fire me."

A slight grin appears. It might hold pity; it's hard to tell in the dim light of the last remaining functioning bulb. "He didn't even hire you. How's he supposed to fire you?"

I give him the cheesiest grin I've ever concocted in my life. "But I've earned a shot, right? I mean, this shit is good, right?"

He shakes his head. "You don't know Rebel. Better prepare yourself."

I want to tell him to wait, to not call out for my ultimate doom, but it's too late. He's already shouting out into the main room. "Yo, Rebel! Better come in here."

My fight or flight instinct kicks in. I probably should run, but my poverty acts like cement in my shoes, keeping me stuck in place. Guess I better be prepared to fight.

I square my shoulders and hold my breath as the Muscle God of Muscle Cars appears in the entrance to the office. First he looks at the floor. Then at the desk that is now empty except for the one pitiful bulbless lamp I found. His last look is for me. His face is mostly blank, but it's possible I see steam starting to come from one of his ears. Or maybe it's just the haze of my tears making it look that way.

I'm prepared to stammer my way through an explanation, through my case for hiring me, but I never get the chance. He turns and walks back into the car bay, leaving me there with the butthead skinny guy who at least has the decency to look sick for me.

"Sorry," he says. "Rebel's kind of a hardass."

"Yeah. I noticed." I snatch my keys from the desktop and take off, waiting until I'm out on the main road before breaking down in tears.

CHAPTER NINE

MY PHONE RINGS AS I'M getting close to Perry's house. I don't recognize the number of the caller, so I don't answer it. I'm hiccuping too hard to speak anyway. I've been crying so much I'm ready to vomit. As soon as the voicemail alert goes off, I press the button and let the message play over the cell's speaker.

"Hi, uh, Teagan? This is Melody from the dorm. You have a package here. Some delivery guy dropped it off. I'm going to leave it in the break room behind the television. I don't want to leave it out where someone will just take it, but I'm heading out, so I can't keep it for you. You probably heard, but we had a weird break-in yesterday and so now we're on some lock-down thing. Anyway, hope things are going good for you. Sorry about your dad. Bye."

Staring out the window, waiting for the light to change, I make a split-second decision. I'm so not in the mood to go to Perry's and face the doom that is my life, so I put on my turn signal and take a right instead of going straight. Might as well see what this mystery package is all about.

Maybe there'll be a pile of money inside it and I'll be able to stop cleaning shithole offices for free in a sad attempt to get a job. The idea, as unlikely as it is to be true, brightens my spirits. By the time I arrive at the dormitory parking lot, I'm almost back to my old self.

I wait for someone to come out so I can get inside. I forfeited my keys when I moved out; I guess Melody forgot that little detail. Taking the steps because the elevator is once more out of order, I get to the second floor and make a beeline for the break room, hoping I won't see anyone I know. Talking to an actual person right now would probably be a really bad idea; I'm not in a good place at all.

Behind the television rests a padded manila envelope. As I walk back to the stairwell with it in hand, I push its contents around and squeeze it a little. There's something hard inside and maybe some paper. Dammit. Not a pile of money. There's no return address either, just my name and my address and a postmark from California. My heart skips a beat when I take in the name of the town. My father's office is located there.

Now my heart is beating rapidly. I half run, half walk to my car. Once inside, I tear the envelope open from the end. I have no idea what could possibly be inside this thing, but it could very well be the last words my father will ever share with me. Or maybe it's a check. It could be a check that will send me out of poverty and into the first awesome summer I've ever had.

When I tip the envelope sideways, something hard falls into my lap and a folded piece of paper flutters down on top of it. Lifting the paper, I find a toy car in my lap. There is no check.

"What the ... fuck?" I check the envelope for more, but this is it. A car and a note. It's like some kind of sick joke.

I chew my lip. Maybe it's not from my father. Maybe it's one of those home shopping channels that sent me something I ordered. Did I HSWD again? Home-shopping-while-drunk has happened to me in the past, I'm ashamed to say. I still remember the day I opened up a box I got in the mail and screamed because I thought someone had sent me a severed head. Turns out it was just a wig I bought, but still. I swore to never do that again, and Quin has been very good about intervening when she sees me watching the wrong channels on television. I cannot believe I would have HSWDed for a toy car.

I open the letter and read the words inside. My heart sinks when I realize immediately that the note is written in my father's chicken scratch.

Teagan. I mailed this to you for safekeeping. It's very, very important to me. Please keep it safe and don't tell anyone you have it. - Dad.

My jaw clenches and my throat closes. I'm not sure if I'm suffering a breakdown or about to spontaneously combust; both are equally possible.

When my head finally stops spinning, I roar like a wounded lion. I want to punch the window, but I've already broken enough of my poor Beetle today, so I throw the toy car as hard as I can into the back instead. It bounces off the seat and lands somewhere on the floor. I huff and puff through my screams as I try to get control of myself.

I cannot believe that this is the best that bastard could do for me. He effed me over for a piece of ass leaving me penniless, and now, because of him, my best-case life scenario is the asscar driver deciding to make me his ho. At least then I'd have a place to stay.

I'm only half conscious of turning the ignition on and racing out of the parking lot. Thank God for auto-pilot because I somehow make it to Perry's place without killing anyone or myself.

Taking the steps two at a time, I get to the apartment and barge in, ignoring Perry's questioning gaze and locking myself in the bathroom. This will be my bedroom tonight. I just cannot bear the idea of sleeping out on his couch where anyone walking in the door will be able to see me being the desperate loser I am.

CHAPTER TEN

THERE'S A TAPPING AT THE door. I lift my head off the side of the tub and listen to my friend's voice.

"Teag ... it's me. Quin. Open the door."

I don't say anything at first, hoping she'll give up, but I wipe the drool off my chin because I know her better than that.

"I'll break this damn door down." She sounds about as stern as Quin ever does.

Perry's voice comes through the door. "You can't break my door! You'll pay for it!"

"Shut up, Earnhardt."

"Why are you calling me ... ? Oh, man. That's ... fuck you, Quin. Fuck you."

She's giggling and I can't help but smile along with her. Perry needs to leave the country because no one will ever forget that he put a car in his ass.

That thought brings back the reason I've taken over the bathroom as my new bedroom and I get depressed all over again. I'm afraid I'm going to have to offer him a BJ soon so I have somewhere to sleep that's not on the street.

"Go away, Quin. I don't want company."

"I'm not company. I'm me. Now open up or you'll force me to do very bad things. Desperate things."

I can't help but be curious about that. "What kind of desperate are we talking?"

Her voice comes right at the crack of the door. "I'll tell Perry you want to see the car."

Because I know she's dead serious, and because I know I will vomit if I see that car, I get up and unlock the door. I'm leaning against the wall, still sitting on the floor, when she comes in.

She shuts the door behind her and sits next to me. We're both facing the sink, and it's really, really dirty.

"So. What's the scoop, poop? What's up with the pity party?"

I shove her with my elbow. "It's not a pity party. It's my life, okay? And it sucks."

"Iiii'm pretty sure that's the definition of a pity party."

"Bite me."

"Maybe later. What happened with the job hunting?"

"You don't want to know."

She shoves me back with her elbow. "Yes, I do, tell me."

I sigh heavily, my breath coming out a little shaky as the memories of my shame assail me. "I went into several places and got rejected by all of them."

"Where? The mall? Department stores or independent ones? Because I was thinking, maybe you should shoot lower to start. Just until you get on your feet. Everyone's looking for summer jobs right now and you're kind of starting late."

I'm almost too embarrassed to tell her about my day. Dropping my face into my hands in an attempt to keep the tears at bay, I explain. "I struck out at the mall, so I went downtown."

"Downtown ... like to all the ritzy businesses?"

"No. That's uptown, dingleberry. I went downtown."

"Oooohhhh. Like to the promised land? The land of the golden teeth?"

"Yes. Exactly." I lift my face up and breathe in loud and long through my nose. "That's the place."

"And they rejected you?"

"Yep." My face heats up a little. I can't look at her.

Her voice gets softer. "Oh. That sucks donkey dong."

"Yeah, and it's not the worst part."

"Please tell me you didn't sleep with any of them."

I elbow her, but keep my eyes forward. "If I had thought it would help, I might have considered it. But no, my virginity is intact."

She snorts as she laughs.

"You know what I mean. My virginity of the day."

"Oh, okay. You didn't pop your cherry of the day. That makes more sense."

"Jesus, Quin, you act like I'm some kind of ho-bag running around and sleeping with every guy on campus." I finally look at her, too fake-offended to ignore her stupid face anymore.

"We both know what a ho-bag you are, so stop playing. Tell me what happened. Where did you look for a job?"

Another heavy sigh later and I'm ready to share. "A pawn shop, a laundromat, and a car repair place."

She's laughing before I'm even done. "A pawn shop? Are you serious?"

I'm half laughing with her and half mad. "What the f**k, Quin. I'm desperate!"

Shaking her head, she stands. "You are not that desperate. Come with me."

"Where are we going?" I ask, taking her hand and standing with her.

"Wash your face and brush your hairy teeth. We're going out."

"I'm not going anywhere. I have a depression to tend to."

"Nope. Not gonna happen. Come on, I got my birthday money early."

"Uncle Ramon?"

"Yep. Good old Uncle Ramon. We've got a hundred bucks to blow, and I know just the place to blow it, too."

"Oh yeah?" I ask, splashing water on my face. I'm warming to the idea of not sleeping in the bathroom tonight. "Where?"

"A club downtown. They say celebrities go there. Maybe we'll catch a glimpse of one."

"We've tried to catch glimpses of celebrities for the whole four years we've been here, and never once have we been successful at it." I'm pretty sure we're the only ones in the entire city able to say that.

"That's because we spent too much time on campus. Now we're going to remedy that." She lifts up her arms and starts moving her hips. "We're gonna go dancin', and drinkin', and flirtin', and ..."

I push her out the door and shut it behind her, turning the lock quickly before she can grab the handle.

"Hey! I was in my groove in there!"

"Go find your groove out in the family room. I have to pee."

"I've seen you pee a million times. Let me in. We need to put together our plan of attack."

I sit down on the toilet and roll my eyes, ignoring the rest of her not-at-all-convincing arguments for re-admittance. Whenever Quin puts together a plan of attack and innocent guys are her victims, I always end up in the crossfire, kissing future asscar drivers and the like.

Oh well. It's not like I have anything else to do. And this bathroom was getting lame anyway. Might as well go out and live it up one last time with my friend before I start my new career as a prostitute. I figure that's the only thing left to me at this point.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

WE'RE STANDING IN LINE OUTSIDE the club when we get our first celebrity sighting.

"Oh my effing G!" Quin squeals, grabbing my arm and squeezing it for all she's worth. "That's Tarin Kilgour!"

I frown at the person she's staring at. "No, it's not. Tarin's taller than that."

"Yes, it is! Put your glasses on, freak!" She's lost it. Now she's jumping up and down while holding onto my arm, jerking me all over the place.

The guy is with some girl I've never seen in the gossip magazines, heading towards a car parked at the curb. They almost get there before they're interrupted by a small gaggle of chicks wearing very high heels and extremely short skirts and one wispy guy whose clothes are just as flamboyant. Fan-girls and fan-boys attack!

"Okay, maybe it is him." I watch the drama unfold as one of the girls and one of the guys get a little too aggressive and Tarin backs away.

Then all of a sudden two big muscle guys from the club come out and get in the middle, one of them picking up the girl and carrying her away as she struggles and the second grabbing the guy. Their goofy friends toddle after them in platform heels, purses swinging around their sides.

My heart does a triple flip when I see who the first bouncer is. "Rebel."

"What'd you say?" asks Quin. She's still staring at Tarin as he rushes to get into the backseat of his car. The looney bird girl who is being carried away is still screaming and reaching out for him. It's possible the fan-boy is crying.

"Rebel. I know that guy ... the one carrying the chick away."

Finally, I have Quin's attention. "You know him? How is it you know that gorgeous hunk of man meat and I don't?" She's waiting for an answer, her eyes practically glowing with ideas.

I'm torn between feeling lucky and being angry that this gorgeous hunk of man meat rejected me more thoroughly than I've ever been rejected in my entire life. "He turned me down at my last job attempt today."

"You didn't mention you tried to get a job at a club. That might be fun."

"I didn't mention it because it didn't happen. He has another job, apparently. He owns a car garage."

"Ooohhhh, I get it now. So what'd he say?" We take a few steps forward as some people are let inside to replace the ones who came out. The club must be at its max capacity right now. Either that or they're acting like their shit is so awesome, they can make us wait outside just because they want to.

"He said nothing," I say.

"Nothing? As in nothing-nothing, or something-nothing."

I roll my eyes. "Nothing-nothing. He said zero. Zip. Nada. No words passed his lips."

She grins big.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" It's never a good thing when she makes this face.

"Sounds to me like you didn't get rejected."

I turn back to face the front of the line. "Trust me. It was rejection."

"I think you should go back and try again."

"And I think you should date Perry."

"Now why would you say such a thing?" she asks, pretending to be offended.

"Because, both suggestions are equally heinous. Now leave me alone about the job thing. I'm not in the mood. You're harshing my mellow."

"You don't have any mellow right now, but I'm going to remedy that. Come on." She grabs me by the forearm and drags me out of line.

"Good. Because I didn't want to go to this crappy club anyway." I hope she's taking me home. I wouldn't mind having about eight beers in the comfort of Perry's apartment. He'll be out, so we'll have the place to ourselves. Or maybe he'll be there and he'll put a car in his butt. Anything would be better than being here at this point.

"Yes, you do want to go into this crappy club." She's dragging me to the front door where the muscle car bouncer is back at his station.

"No, Quin," I say, trying to get my arm back.

"Yes, Teagan." She's little, but she's a lot more powerful than I give her credit for. When she's on a mission, it's very hard to hold her back from it. And because I had the spectacularly bad foresight to let her talk me into wearing heels tonight, I have almost no leverage for a getaway.

Quin finally stops when she's standing in front of Rebel. He's left the fangirls with the cops and is once more manning the door. "Hello, Rebel," she says.

He raises an eyebrow but says nothing. Then he looks at me, and it's possible I see a flicker of recognition in his eye. Or it could be just my imagination, because of course he says nothing at all.

"I said, hello, Rebel."

Oh boy. Quin has her hands on her hips and she's getting feisty.

"It's common in our society when greeted to return that greeting," she persists.

I pray for the invisibility spell that I used to try and conjure when I was a little kid and my dad was yelling at someone in front of me. I'm so not in the mood to be part of the evening's entertainment.

"Hey!" yells someone behind us."Get in the back of the line!"

"Eat me, twerker!" Quin yells, never taking her eyes off Rebel. In a softer voice she asks, "You remember my friend, Teagan, right?" She looks at me and smiles before turning back to him.

"Can we go now?" I ask, looking anywhere but at the man with the deepset eyes and the spiked blonde hair. His muscles are mostly covered by a club t-shirt tonight, but that doesn't stop them from being painfully obvious and sexy. I hate that he's such a good-looking jerk. If I were in charge of this planet, all looks would match personality. Ugly guy? Ugly personality. Gorgeous hunk of man-meat? Courageous, honest, loyal, sweetheart inside. I don't see the need for all the trickery.

"No, we can't go now. We're going inside," Quin says, using her ultra sweet but determined voice. I sigh heavily, knowing this is about to get ugly.

"Not without ID you're not," a deep voice says.

I look at Rebel sharply, wondering if my ears are deceiving me. But no other person has stepped up to take over the bouncer's job, so it must have been him who spoke.

Quin elbows me. "Get your ID out. Hurry up before he starts giving us the silent treatment again."

I notice his mouth quirking up just the slightest bit before he goes back to being a statue. I take out my driver's license and hand it over to Quin. She presents them both to Rebel for his review.

He barely glances at hers before handing it back. Mine, he stares at for a long time. Then he looks up at me, his eyes narrowing. "This isn't her. You can go in, but she has to stay out."

My mouth drops open.

"Please," says Quin, barking out a sarcastic laugh. "As if. Hand it over. How much is the cover charge?" She puts her hand out for my ID, but he holds onto it.

"Cover is fifteen bucks. Pay inside." He looks at the person standing behind us.

The guy standing there starts to crowd up against me, so I whip around and give him my death glare. "Back the f**k off, ass**le."

He throws up his hands. "Sorry, geez, lighten up."

Lighten up? Is he frigging kidding me? I turn back around, ready to let this suck wagon Rebel the a-hole have it. But first I have to break the news to Quin that our date is off.

"Quin, I'm outta here. Go without me."

"No way! I'm not letting this assbag ruin our night."

I ignore her and do the best I can to salvage my life. I hold out my hand towards Rebel and sigh with annoyance. "Just give me back my ID and I'll leave."

He shakes his head. "Sorry. I have to confiscate all fake IDs."

The heat rushes to my face and neck, making me feel like I've just caught on fire. But since there's no smoke coming out of my ears and nose, I figure it's just plain old everyday humiliation going on here. "It's not fake. It's me."

"Could you step to the side please?" He's not even looking at me when he says it, and that makes me madder than I think I've ever been. It's the last straw, to be treated like I don't even matter enough to be looked at when spoken to.

"No, as a matter of fact, I can't step to the side. Not until you give me my ID, ass**le."

Someone walks up to stand next to him, but I don't bother looking to see who it is. It could be a cop for all I care. I'm not leaving this place without my driver's license.

Rebel just stares at me with a totally bland expression on his face.

I'm so tempted to smack it off him, I have to put my hands in fists and force them to my sides. Getting arrested for assault and battery would be a really bad idea right now. I have no bail money and no friends with bail money.

"You can't keep her license," says Quin. "That's stealing."

"I need my license," I say, ignoring my friend, ignoring the people in line, ignoring the people standing next to Rebel. "I have to go job hunting tomorrow, which means I have to drive, which means I need my license."

"Oh, hey! You're that girl."

I barely recognize the voice, but once the words penetrate my angry brain, I look over. The skinny guy from the car repair shop is standing next to Rebel.

"Yeah," I say bitterly. "I'm that girl." I turn back to Rebel. "Seriously. Stop f**king around and give me my ID. I'm going to call the cops."

"What's the deal, man?" Skinny guy is talking to Rebel.

"Get back to work, Mick."

"Fuck that. What'd you do to the poor girl this time?" He's calling me poor girl, but he's smiling. I want to smack him too.

"Who's your friend?" Mick asks, catching sight of Quin.

She smiles at him but then stops immediately when she catches my expression. I consider any flirting with this group of Rebel Wheels guys to be traitorous activity, punishable by silent treatment for at least a week. Probably a month.

"My friend is none of your business. Will you please tell your boss to give me my ID?"

"My boss? He ain't my boss."

"Whatever!" I scream. I've lost it, the words tumbling out without being reviewed by my brain first. "Give me my f**king ID, you old-as-shit ape!"

Mick starts laughing. "I think she just called you old-as-shit, bro."

Rebel stands up from the stool he was sitting on.

I'm not going to lie; it's intimidating as crap. I have to look up to see his face, but I hold my ground. No way am I leaving this place without my license.

"You have thirty seconds to leave the property or I'm calling the police."

"Yo, he really doesn't like being called old," says Mick from behind him.

Rebel reaches back and grabs Mick by the neck, yanking him forward. "Get ... to work."

Mick gives Rebel a half-hearted punch in the ribs before walking back into the club. He goes in backwards and eyes Quin the entire way. "See you inside, sweetheart."

She snorts. "Yeah, right. Dream on, twig."

The shocked look on his face is classic. I can't help but laugh. Quin is the best friend of all time, ever.

The guy in line behind us gets bold enough to step in front of me as he's holding out his ID. Rebel barely gives it a glance before motioning the guy in. He does the same for the next girl in line who looks like she's maybe twelve years old. Quin and I find ourselves on the outside of the entrance, watching ass**le after ass**le enter the club in front of us.

"I cannot believe this is my life," I say, watching as my heart turns into stone. I feel totally dead inside. I'm too angry to cry and too sad to scream.

And then a woman who's about a foot taller than me walks up and stands next to Rebel. As she takes in the sight of me and Quin standing there, she puts her hand on Rebel's shoulder, a smug, humorless smile moving across her face. A curtain of white-blonde hair falls over her shoulders and skims across her ample chest as she turns and leans in closer to him.

"Is there a problem here?" She looks up at us again and narrows her heavily darkened eyes. She could very possibly be a cover model from a foreign country, she's so pretty. Calling her looks perfect would not do them adequate justice, and that just pisses me off more. Now I'm not only ID-less, but I also immediately compare my looks to hers and feel like the old cat-pee couch you put out on the curb. I hate feeling like an old cat-pee couch.

Rebel answers her question. "No." Everyone in line is staring at the woman like Quin and I are. Rebel seems to be the only one unaffected by her stunning beauty. For some reason it makes me mad that he's pretending like she isn't the most beautiful girl here. Like he's so awesome, she doesn't even register on his radar. Just like I don't register on his radar. Stuck-up pile of man whore.

"Hell yes, there's a problem," I say sharply, fired up by my imaginings of his character and the whole cat-pee thing. "Tell him to give me my ID."

Her arm slides over until it's lying across his shoulders. "Do you have it?" She leans over to look at his face. The intimacy between them is hard to miss. Ugh. I instantly despise her while at the same time knowing that it makes no sense. She's nothing to me, a stranger who probably makes a perfect couple with this stone-cold bouncer car mechanic guy.

He lifts his hand up to take the next person's ID. Two seconds later, he waves the person in as he hands it back. The girl he just let in looks young enough to still be wearing a training bra.

"Come on," says Quin, taking my arm. She pauses to flip Rebel off, but he's too busy letting people in the door to notice.

The blonde lady sees it, though, and sneers at us. "Have a good night," she says with saccharine sweetness. She leans in more heavily against Rebel, threatening to smother him with her boobage. He continues to take IDs as if she's not there.

I want to slap that smile off her face so bad right now, but Quin is dragging me away. I try to push away the images of him sitting there and that woman draped all over him like a mink coat.

"Let's go get a Philly sleezesteak," Quin says, steering me towards the neon lights of a deli still open down the street.

"Are you sure you want to spend your birthday money on that garbage?" I ask. "You could go into the club and let me go home alone."

"Don't even. I wouldn't go in that club if you paid me in rubies."

"What about diamonds?"

"Don't push it. You know how I feel about diamonds."

We link arms and giggle as we walk down the street. "You are such a ho," I say.

"I know," she says. "But at least I admit it. Diamonds will get you anywhere with me. Fact."

The brief glimmer of happiness disappears at the idea of having diamonds. "My life sucks, Quin. What am I going to do?"

"Your life doesn't suck. You're healthy, almost college-degreed, and you're sexy. The world is your oyster."

"Oysters are gelatinous, salty muck that people only eat because they think it's cool."

"Right. The world is not your oyster. The world is your bitch."

"I think that's worse."

"Okay, fine," she sighs out as she stops and faces me. She takes me by the shoulders and shakes me a couple times. "The world is yours, Tea-Tea. You can make it whatever you want. Get whatever you want. You just have to try harder to make it happen." She drags me across the sidewalk and pulls open the door to the deli, glaring at me.

"So I'll just walk into some business tomorrow and tell them they have to give me a job because I own the world and that's that?"

She nods once. "Exactly. That's what I'm talking about. Take the world by the balls and make it beg for mercy."

"You really scare me sometimes, Quin."

"I scare myself sometimes too. Come on. Let's go eat some meat smothered in squeeze cheese."

For once in my life, that doesn't sound entirely disgusting. I really am losing my grip on reality.

CHAPTER TWELVE

I TRY AND TALK MYSELF out of what I'm doing all the way there. I have one eye on the road and one eye on my side mirror, praying a cop doesn't pull me over and ask me for my license and for the location of my rearview mirror.

Ass monkey, f**knutter, dickwanker. Who knows what Rebel's done with my ID, but I'm sure as crap not just going to walk away from his stupid ass and let him get away with stealing it. A replacement license costs twenty-six bucks I don't have, and the gas to get here? About a buck.

Pulling into the parking lot of the warehouse, I wonder if the place is closed down for a holiday I don't remember being on the calendar. My car is the only one here. I sit inside after turning off the engine, staring at the door that leads to the inner sanctum of awful. I wish I'd remembered to bring a can of spray paint so I could totally graffiti his whole stupid building.

"Oh, well. No better time than the present for total mortification." I haven't allowed myself to think through what might happen in here. Maybe Quin's non-stop pep talk while I was ingesting pressed loaf of meat byproducts smothered in squeeze cheese somehow brainwashed me into thinking I do actually own the world. That seems to be the only explanation for why I'd come over to this place to suffer more abuse.

But whatever. I need my license or I won't be able to apply for jobs, so this is what's going to happen: I'm going to go inside Rebel Wheels, confront this muscle-bound ape Rebel person, and insist he give me back my license. I'm going to beg and cry if necessary. I'm going to give him the most intimate details of my sorry life if I have to, so that he'll realize how awful having my ID taken away really is. I've brought my transcripts so he can see I am who my license says I am. My hope is that tears, a sob story, and my name on that paper are going to be enough to crack his hard, brittle, mean-ass shell. I just pray that the Barbie doll who was at the club's entrance isn't in here with him to reduce me down to the cat-pee couch again.

The front door creaks as I open it and step inside. I don't know whether I'm happy or panicked that it's not a holiday today. No one is in the office, but I can hear a lot of noise out in the warehouse area. Someone sounds cranky, like maybe he's tossing things around or possibly a bunch of cardboard boxes are being thrown against the wall.

I tiptoe in. A hint of a smile breaks over my face as I see the inner office is still mostly clean. Someone's gone through some of the boxes I collected files in, and a few papers are scattered around, but for the most part, my work remains awesome. Rebel was really stupid not to hire me. That makes me kind of bitter-happy, and I'll take that over sad any day.

I stop in the other doorway, looking out at the cars under the big fluorescent lights. A bunch of booming sounds in the far corner of the room bring me out farther so I can see better what's going on.

Rebel is the only one in the room that I can tell, and he's shirtless, doing a serious amount of damage to a punching bag that hangs from a metal frame above it.

My heart stops beating for a few seconds as I think about what that amount of muscle and energy could do to a human face. Maybe I shouldn't have come without backup.

I turn to bolt out of there, but my foot catches on the threshold. I go down in a heap, and it isn't pretty. In my effort to stop my fall or slow my descent to the earth, I take the blinds hanging in the door's window with me, making a huge clattering sound.

Trying to get up, I realize I'm tangled in the metal slats and the string that holds them together. I've somehow managed to work them up my arm so that I look like I'm trying the whole mess on as a backpack.

Rebel steps around the corner just as I'm getting to my feet. He's heaving breaths out of his lungs, and sweat is rolling down every inch of his exposed body parts.

My mouth opens at the glorious sight before me, but no words come out. Only sounds. "Uhhhh ... ahhhh ... Iiiiii .... Maaaaa ..." The window blinds slide down my arm and land at my feet with a clatter.

"What are you doing here?" he asks, wiping his mouth off with a dark terrycloth hand towel. He doesn't even glance at the remains of his window covering.

I kick the blinds to the side so I won't trip on them and take a few steps back into the office. Ten more lunging strides and I could make it out into the parking lot. Maybe there someone could hear me scream.

"Stay back," I say, trying to sound threatening and confident, which I'm totally not right now.

He frowns. "What?"

"I said, stay back! Don't come near me." Two steps in reverse and I'm almost in the middle of the office.

"You're the one who came in here. What do you want?" He remains in the doorway, leaning one hand on the frame.

I take a calming breath. Maybe he's not going to beat me to a juicy pulp.

His abs flex as he shifts his weight to his other foot.

Oh lordy, lordy, lordy, get in my shorties.

I stand as straight as I can, gathering my thoughts and my attitude. "I would think that's obvious. I came for my ID." Struggling with my small backpack purse, I pull out the paper folded inside. My hands tremble a little as I unfold it. He's so f**king intimidating standing there all sweaty and big. I hate that I can't keep steady with him around. "See?" I hold it up so he can look at it. "My transcript with my name on it." It flutters with every one of my heartbeats, so I wave it around to hide my fear.

"So?" He wipes his face again. His cheeks have bright pink splotches on them that would be cute if he wasn't such an assmunch.

I slap the paper to my side. "So? So, that's proof it's my f**king ID, so hand it over, Bud."

He lifts an eyebrow but says nothing.

It's more than frustrating; it's infuriating. I lose my cool pretty quickly, downshifting into threatening him with juvenile delinquency. "I'm not kidding, Rebel. Give me my f**king ID or I'm going to waste this place."

"Waste it?" He has the nerve to almost smile at me.

"Yeah. I'm going to waste it. I'm going to put it back exactly like it was before, and you can go back to living in a shit-hole."

His almost smile is gone. "Good. Maybe then I'd be able to find stuff."

I cannot believe his attitude. He has some nerve. "Do you not have a single manner in your entire body? I worked my ass off yesterday for you. Organized every single thing in this office. For free. And what do I get in return? Shitass attitude. Thievery. Total bullshit, that's what."

"Thievery?"

"Yes!" I screech. "You stole my ID!"

"You said you organized stuff."

I'm not expecting this particular reaction, so I just stand there breathing heavily. I'm ready to walk over and slap his stupid rock steady jaw. He has no expression, save one: cold.

I have this irrational need to see an expression on his face, any expression other than the one I've seen so far. Maybe if I set his pants on fire that'll do the trick. I dig around in my tiny backpack for a lighter.

"Did you or didn't you organize my papers?"

I control my sudden impulse to combust a somewhat innocent man and leave my backpack exploration to answer his question. "Yes. I said that. Are you a deaf thief now?"

"I'm looking for an invoice."

"How is that my problem? I don't work here." I cross my arms, instantly loving the fact that he's lost. I smile, I'm so happy about it. I grin so big it makes my face hurt.

Rebel is not sharing my glee. "It's your problem because you made it your problem when you walked through my door, uninvited."

His anger only makes me that much happier, and I totally don't care that he's calling me uninvited. Eff him. I shrug, completely powerless to remove the shit-eating grin from my face. "I guess we have more in common than I thought."

He says nothing, but I don't care if he wants to hear it or not. I'm going to give him a double-barrel of reality. This is my world, ass**le. I own it, says Quin. "You're my problem and I'm yours. What do you say we make a deal?"

"I don't make deals."

"Sure you do. You fix cars for money. Those are deals. How about you hand over my ID, and I'll tell you where the invoice is."

"You don't know where it is."

"Bullshit, I do too. I organized them by date and number."

"Where are they?" He steps into the room, but I hold my ground.

"Where's my ID?"

He stops a few paces away from me, and now I can finally get a really good look at his face. Holy mother of all mothers. Talk about chiseled good looks. This guy left gorgeous behind a long time ago and now lives in just plan beautiful. He must be from some exotic foreign country because he looks nothing like any man I've ever seen. "Where are you from?" I say without thinking.

He wrinkles up his eyebrows for a second. But he ignores me, because apparently his mind has one track, and right now that track is labeled invoice.

He reaches behind his back and I remain completely still. I want to race out of this place and never come back, but I'm caught in a weird magnetic force that's drawing me in and keeping me there. No matter what, I want to see what he's going to do next. I pray it's not take out a knife and gut me like a fish.

From the back pocket of his jeans he pulls out my ID. Holding it in front of my face between two fingers, he says, "Where's the invoice?"

I snatch my ID out of his hand and spin around, heading for the door at Mach 2. "It's in your ass," I say as I jump outside the door. I make it almost to my car before he catches up to me.

He doesn't touch me, but I halt in place. I can practically feel his breath on the back of my neck. Turning around, I find him just a few inches away. He's angry and maybe a little surprised. I like that I got one over on him, and I only feel a tiny bit guilty about leaving him high and dry.

"I need that invoice," he says in a very calm, very low tone. It gives me a shiver.

I stick my chin out. "And I need a job."

"I don't do blackmail."

"Neither do I. I do deals."

He stares at me and I stare at him. Both of us are breathing heavily and I'm definitely sweating. Deodorant, don't fail me now.

"Tell me where the invoice is and I'll think about it."

"No deal."

"Tell me where the invoice is and I won't have you arrested."

I laugh. "For what? Cleaning your office? They'll give me a medal of honor for that. Probably the key to the city, too. That place was a health hazard."

His expression loses just a fraction of its hard edges. "It wasn't that bad."

"Sure, if you consider outhouses not that bad, it wasn't."

A motorcycle pulls up next to my car and the engine shuts off. The driver pulls off his helmet and I see it's the twig.

"Hey, what's going on? Back for more?" His grin is infectious.

"Nope. Just came to get my ID."

"She came to tell me where the Jack invoice is."

I turn to face Rebel again, feeling very confident. I'm almost sure he's ready to buckle. "I came for a job and I got f**ked over. But I'm willing to forgive and forget if you're willing to hire me."

"I don't need you here."

"Sure you do. You need that Jack invoice and I'm the only one who knows where it and all the others are. And by the way, your books are a total mess. You're missing out on tons of deductions." I had no idea that my accounting class would come in handy, and I'm not absolutely sure I'm right about what I just said, but whatever. All I need is a chance to prove myself and everything else will fall in line. I know I can be a valuable employee no matter where I work.

His nostrils flare as he stares at me.

I fire back in response to his silent threat. "Maybe this works on other people, but it doesn't work on me." I lift my chin a notch higher to bring confidence that I'm not feeling to my words, praying I can pull this off. I can practically taste that paycheck already.

"Maybe what works?" he finally asks.

"I don't know ... that whole Russian mafioso tough-guy silence-of-the-lambs thing you have going on."

Twig walks over and claps Rebel on the back. "She's got your number, Reb. Listen, I'm going to get started on the Camaro unless you want me on something else."

"Fix her mirror," Rebel says, not taking his eyes off me.

"No. I can fix it myself," I say, not mentioning that there will be copious amounts of duct tape involved. "Go ahead with the Camaro. The parts came in Monday for it."

Both the twig and Rebel stare at me. Then the twig smiles. "How'd you know that?"

"I know all, I see all." Because I handled pretty much every piece of paper that made its way into their office over the last two years, which included inventory packing lists. Hah! Eat that, Dolph!

It's in this moment that I realize why I find this jerk Rebel so attractive. He looks way too much like my eighties movie-star crush Dolph Lundgren to deny. Dammit. A real, flesh and blood Rocky contender. Be still my heart. The Siberian Express's twin lives here in LA and owns a car repair shop. I'm in so much trouble.

"Dude, you should hire her," says the Twig. "You could sic her on Olga."

Something that might pass as a smile flickers on Rebel's face for a brief moment. "Fine. You start today. Find me that invoice."

"Whooop!" I do a quick fist pump before high-fiving the twig. "What'd you say your name was again?" I ask, as Rebel walks away.

"Mick. And you're Teagan, right?"

"Yeah."

"Cool name."

"Thanks."

"Can you really fix your mirror or do you want me to do it?" Mick asks.

I wait until Rebel is back in the building, using a low tone that won't carry to his ears. "If you could fix it for me, it'd save me a lot of money in duct tape."

He laughs. "You got it. Good luck by the way."

"Thanks."

"You're gonna need it," he says, as I walk back to the office.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

MICK SOMEHOW MANAGES TO WRANGLE fifty bucks out of Rebel's pocket so that I can buy some office supplies. Six hours after I've returned from the store, I finally have every single piece of paper that used to be floating around the room that I now consider my domain filed, labeled, and put in a cabinet that used to hold greasy auto parts.

The organization has a secondary benefit beyond just making the place look better; I now know quite a bit about Rebel Wheels itself. They do custom muscle cars for the most part, and an occasional motorcycle. They seem to prefer the Camaro, Mustang, Buick GSX - whatever the heck that is - Charger, Firebird, Pontiac GTO, and the Chevelle. I haven't seen most of these in the warehouse area, but I'm sure I will. Last year alone, they restored about seventy cars, and as far as I can tell, it's just Rebel and Mick here. Maybe that's why they're looking for a new mechanic.

"Doesn't look that different," says Mick from the doorway.

I snort. "That's because you're blind." Pulling open the cabinet drawer, I step to the side so he can admire the glory. I wait for his applause.

"What's that?" he asks, walking over.

"That is the paper trail of what you've been doing for the past year or so." I continue to wait for the applause.

He pushes his lips together and nods. "Pretty decent. Better find a way to make Rebel think that's worth paying you for."

My heart plummets and my organizational high disappears like a puff of smoke. "Anyone ever tell you you're a total drag?"

He grins. "Actually, no. Never."

"Somehow I find that hard to believe." I slam the drawer shut. "Stay away from these files. You want something? Ask for it. You have paper you don't want to touch anymore?" I point to the wire bin on top of the cabinet. "You put it in that basket and I'll file it."

"Did you pee in the corners of the room too?" he asks.

"Yes, I did, so I don't recommend you eat your pizza there anymore."

"Thanks for the warning," he says, leaving the room.

"You're welcome." I walk back to the desk and sit down, totally deflated. I'm like a soggy, used-ass balloon when Rebel walks in.

He's wiping his hands off on a rag leaving black smears everywhere.

"Put your rags in that basket when you're done with them and I'll make sure they get cleaned," I say, pointing half-heartedly to a bin in the corner of the room.

He tosses the rag in without responding. I should probably try to have a conversation with him, but I'm too bummed. He's probably here to fire me. I lay my arms in my lap and lower my forehead to the desk. Maybe if I'm not looking at him when he tells me to get lost, I won't cry in front of him.

The filing cabinet drawer opens and stays that way for a few seconds before I hear it rolling closed again. Then I hear something land on the desk near my head.

"Get yourself on the payroll," he says. "Here's for today."

By the time my head comes up, he's mostly out the door. It's then that I see the money folded in half in front of me. I snag it, quickly counting out the collection of bills. A hundred and twenty bucks? Whoo hoo! It's payday, bitches!

I jump up out of my seat and run to the doorway. He's just a few steps into the warehouse. "Thanks, Rebel! You won't regret it. I promise."

He doesn't even acknowledge me; he just keeps walking over to the car that's up on the lift.

Fuck him. He gave me a job and I'm going to like him anyway, even if he is a total social bonehead. I leave the office after five, now on a mission. I have one goal down and one to go; time to find an apartment.

I cruise the area around the shop, finding three possible candidates. They're all run down pieces of total crap, but to me that means cheap and it means close. Maybe I'll be able to put enough into savings to make my last semester of college not totally horrible. Thank God I already paid for my classes.

The first place outright rejects me since I have no job history. I look at the wasted bum sitting just outside the office of the landlord who's obviously been hitting the pipe himself, and I get pissed. I'm being judged as not worthy by junkies. "Yeah, well, this place sucks anyway."

The guy just sneers at me.

The next place is worse, with people actually hanging around in small groups, some of them with beer cans in paper bags, but they don't care that I don't have paystubs, just that I have a job and a deposit.

"I can get you the rest tomorrow," I say, signing my name on the contract. I haven't even seen the inside of my new studio apartment, but I don't care. It'll have a door that I can lock, a toilet, and a bed. Oh, how far I've fallen that this is my new definition of home, but whatever. I'm all about survival at this point. This landlord didn't even ask me for ID.

"Just make sure you pay your rent on time," says the heavyweight older lady on the other side of the scratched and dented desk. She has exactly seven very long beard hairs growing from her chin and four from her upper lip. I'm thinking she uses them to floss after lunch. "I don't allow no freeloaders on my property. This is my legacy, and I don't take charity cases."

The crowd outside and the fact that she gave me a room without me even showing ID says differently, but no way in hell am I going to argue the obvious points with her. Besides, a rat trap motel is more of a legacy than I currently have, so who am I to judge?

"I can get the key tomorrow?"

"Yeah. I gotta put off a bug bomb in there first." She throws a cigarette into her mouth and lights up, completely disregarding the anti-indoor-smoking law.

I cough loudly, but she doesn't give a shit. She just blows the smoke over the desk and peers at me through the fumes. "You party?" she asks.

"Uhhhh ... no?"

"You sure?"

I'm wondering right now if she's about to offer me a spliff or maybe even some heroin, and while I have been known to toke with the blokes every now and then, it's not like I'm a drug addict or anything. Maybe it's a test. "No. I mean, yes. I'm sure. I don't party." At least, not until I have a signed lease and some furniture.

"Good. I don't permit parties here on the property."

It's on the tip of my tongue to challenge her ability to restrict the freedom of her tenants like that, but I bite my tongue and keep the real world to myself. This woman functions in a whole other dimension than I do, and I'm pretty sure I'm better off just going with the flow. "Okay. No parties. Noted."

"You givin' me sass?" She squints as she sucks in hard on her cigarette.

I worry that she has a hole in her lung, the way she keeps inhaling and inhaling with no end in sight. She's probably filling her whole body cavity with that stuff, and it's a very large cavity. I slowly push my wheelie chair back, because when she finally does blow those toxic fumes out, there's going to be enough to give a camel cancer in one go. "Nope, no sass at all. I'm not a sassy person, generally speaking."

"I'll be goddamned ... I think you just sassed me again." Giant puffs of smoke come out with every word she says. By the end of her sentence I can't really see her face anymore.

Her tone tells me she's getting cranky, so I stand and get ready to make my exit. "Well, I have to go now. I really appreciate you renting the room to me. Don't worry. I won't have any parties or sass anyone."

"Best not. People around here don't go in much for sassin'."

I beat feet out of there, leaving her to her lung cancer and her legacy.

Driving away in search of dinner, I consider my new life. I may have just signed up to be the newest tenant of the Roach Motel, but I don't care. I have a job, a car with a newly-affixed rearview mirror, and an apartment. I am the shit. I am a superhero of awesome. I am ...

Busted. The flashing red and blue lights in my newly-affixed rearview mirror tell me that my happy is about to become my sad. I completely forgot to put my ID back in my wallet. I can still see it sitting there on top of my desk back at Rebel Wheels. Why didn't I put it in my wallet? Why am I such an ass**le?

The officer walks up and taps on my window. "Driver's license and registration."

He doesn't even look at me, which pisses me off for some reason. I guess when I'm about to be shafted, I want to be looked in the eye as it's happening. I obviously am not in a good place right now.

"I left it at work."

"You know you're required to carry your driver license on you when you're driving, right?"

"Yes, and I also know that if you give me a ticket right now, I'm never going to be able to afford it without turning tricks. I just started my new job today, and I just got an apartment at that soul-sucking rat trap over there, and my life is total shit. My dad died last week leaving me with nothing, and all my friends have left for the summer. Can you please, for the love of all that is holy, not give me a ticket?"

"You know you're required to carry your driver license on you when you're driving, right?"

I almost blow a gasket when he repeats himself like that. My hands squeeze the steering wheel over and over as I consider my options.

One: I can open my door really fast, catching him in the leg temporarily stunning him, giving me time to jump out, grab his gun, and show him who's boss. Two: I can cry until I vomit. Three: I can call Mick and see if he'll bring me my license. I'm only five blocks away.

As attractive as option One is to me right now, and as easy as option Two will be to execute, I decide I'll go with door number Three.

"Just give me one second, and I'll have that driver's license for ya." I grab my cell phone and call Rebel Wheels. I didn't remember to take my ID this afternoon, but I did remember to take about ten business cards from the desk drawer that I promptly wrote my name on. At this point I'm just really glad my head is permanently attached to my shoulders or who the hell knows what might happen.

"Come on, come on ... pick up, ass**le."

And then he does. "Rebel Wheels. This is Rebel."

"Uh, hi, Rebel ... can I speak to Mick, please?"

"He's gone for the day. Who's this?"

"It's me. Teagan."

Of course he says nothing.

"Rebel, I'm really sorry to bother you, but I need your help."

"Surprise, surprise."

I almost feel like cheering. He actually spoke to me. "I've been pulled over by a ... very nice officer of the law, and he says I have to have my driver's license on me. But I left it at work."

When I'm greeted with nothing but air as a response, I continue.

"Is there any way you could bring it to me? I'm just down the street. Five blocks." I cringe as the words leave my mouth. I've just asked my new boss who doesn't even want to be my new boss to quit work to run an errand for me. A fool's errand ... or maybe it's an errand for a fool. Regardless, I'm once again the ass**le in the room.

I rush to apologize. "I know I'm a dumbass and this is really stupid to ask you this since you just hired me under duress, but I'm desperate. I cannot afford a ticket and this one will be expensive." I look up at the cop and he nods to confirm. "I'm just five blocks north, just down the street, outside The Golden Legacy apartments."

"You low on crack?"

"What?"

"Why are you over there?"

"I was ... never mind, I'll tell you later. Can you bring the license to me or not?"

"See you in a few," he says, before disconnecting the call.

I try to smile big at the officer, but it feels more like a grimace. It's the best I can do. "My boss is bringing me my license." I think. "If you want, while we wait, I could sing you a song. I'm pretty good at karaoke." Where did that come from? I don't know. Let's just write it off to stress-induced survival mechanisms and leave it at that.

He frowns at me, studying my face. "Are you under the influence too? Step out of the car."

It's really unfortunate that life doesn't have a rewind button. I seriously hate myself right now. The only silver lining I can come up with is that hopefully this will make Quin laugh when I tell her all about it later. Hopefully, I'll be doing that from the Roach Motel and not prison.

Getting out of the car, I try to smile again. This time it's worse; I have a full-on scowl going. Maybe I'm a little pissed that he turned down my song, and it's affecting my facial muscles. It's true; I can usually get a whole room going with one karaoke selection.

He moves away from me. "Put your hands out to your sides and your feet together."

I sigh heavily, but follow his instructions. The people with the paper-bagged party materials are moving out towards the sidewalk to watch. I can see them, even though they're over a block away. I pray that the smoking slug in the office, owner of the Golden Legacy, doesn't come out and see me too. She'll never believe my non-partying stance if she sees me doing a sobriety test on the side of the road right outside her door.

"Walk towards me toe to heel, toe to heel."

"Isn't it heel-toe-heel-toe? Toe to heel is walking backwards."

He puts his hands on his hips and acts like I didn't just talk total sense.

I'm too afraid to move. If I follow his instruction, I'll have to either walk backwards or do some kind of hip-hop move I'm woefully under-qualified to do. There's a reason Grace is my middle name; it's the only grace I've got. If I follow what I think his instructions are supposed to be, I could fail this test of following instructions to the letter. I'm so f**ked right now, it's not even funny.

The relief that washes through me when I hear the deep rumble of a muscle car pulling up behind the officer and see Rebel getting out is palpable.

The officer notices I'm looking over his shoulder and turns. His hand moves to his belt and then falls down to his leg.

"Rebel! What are you doing out here, man?" the cop asks. He goes from a-hole law enforcing hip-hop instructor to good old buddy in half a second.

"Rescue party," he says, holding up my ID.

"She works for you? Why didn't she say so?" He turns around and has the balls to frown at me.

I drop my arms and walk over.

"She's new. Talk to you later?" Rebel holds up a fist and they bump knuckles.

"Yeah, sure. I'll drop by, tomorrow maybe. Got anything good you're working on?"

"Cherry GTO. All original."

"Nice. I'll be there."

Rebel doesn't even say anything to me. He just gets in his car and drives off. I watch the rumbling black car disappear after a very illegal u-turn right in front of the cop.

"What's up with that?" I ask, pointing to the space where the law was just broken.

"What's up with what?" asks the cop, handing me my license.

I'm aghast. "What's up with what? How about what's up with that illegal u-turn?"

"What illegal u-turn?" he asks, walking towards his car. "Remember to keep your license with you!" he yells over his shoulder. "The law requires it!"

I get into my car, grumbling. "The law requires it. The law requires it. Mew mew mew mew mew. The law requires you suck my lady-dick too, but I don't see that happening."

"What was that?" he asks at my window.

I scream and practically throw myself into the passenger seat. When my heart stops trying to leap out of my chest, I lean back behind the wheel. "Holy shit, you almost gave me a heart attack."

"Here," he says, handing me a yellow slip of paper.

I snatch it out of his hand. "Did you give me a ticket?" My voice is two octaves higher than normal.

"No. It's just a warning. But next time, it'll be a one hundred and twenty-five dollar ticket, so keep your ..."

"Yeah, yeah, I heard you the first eight times," I say, starting my bubbly engine. "See you later, officer whatever."

"It's Officer Dickson."

I start laughing uncontrollably. "Of course it is." I can't wait to get back to Perry's apartment so I can tell Quin all about my awesome day.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

IT'S BRIGHT AND EARLY SATURDAY morning and Quin is in the passenger seat next to me. Perry is behind us in his truck, and we're all headed downtown to my new studio apartment. Moving day! Not yay!

"I can't believe you're going to sleep on that futon you got from Dave the Depraved," she says. "Can you imagine how much dried up total ew-ness must be on the mattress cover?"

"Thank you for that visual, Quin. Now if you could just shut the hell up for the rest of the day, that would be awesome." Up until this moment I had been all proud of the fact that I'd scored some free furniture from students leaving town after graduation, but now I'm questioning how good my score actually was. Can sperm come back to life after living in a futon cover?

"I'm sorry. I'll stop being negative. Hey, you found an apartment, right? And a kickass job, all in one day. You are the champion of all champions. We'll just put a really thick mattress pad on under your sheets."

"Yes, as a matter of fact, I am the champion of all champions." I don't smile as brightly as I normally would being this level of champion because I haven't told Quin the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.

I was kind of hoping I could do this move myself and never let her see my new Golden Legacy apartment, but she insisted on coming. I'm not looking forward to seeing her reaction, but what's done is done. We're almost there.

"I hope you didn't get a place around here," she says, laughing. "This is like crack-whores-ville."

"Actually, I did," I say, feeling a little sick to my stomach.

She goes silent.

"It's just temporary."

As we pull up to the apartment building, I smile as hard as I can. "See? It's the Golden Legacy. It's like ... solid gold awesome."

"More like solid gold dog shit," she says, staring at the piles of trash in the bushes around the edges of the property. "Ew, is that a used condom on the sidewalk?"

"No, don't be silly. It's a deflated balloon animal. Look! Squirrel!" I point to a tree on the other side of the driveway, knowing full well there isn't any damn furry creature in it. No self-respecting member of the animal kingdom would be caught dead near the Golden Legacy. Only roaches and ants live up in this hood.

"You can't be serious, Teag. You have to move in with me. I cannot allow this."

"It's already done. I paid my security deposit, and the landlord's letting me pay my first rent at the end of the month. It's all I can afford right now and you know I can't be suffocated by your family like that."

"But you can be suffocated by ... crack whores? Crack whores and pimps are okay but my family isn't?" She has tears in her eyes.

I reach over and push my hand down her face. "Stop that. No tears. You know I don't prefer crack whores to your family. I'll totally punch you if you cry."

She slaps my hand away. "I'm not crying. I'm pissed."

I pinch her cheek before she can hit me again. "No, you're not. You're excited. See? I have a new apartment and I'm going to let you decorate it!"

"You are?!"

I grin really big. "No! I'm not!"

She sticks her tongue out at me. "You're a poop. You know I like to decorate."

"I know you like to spend money neither of us has. I have exactly three posters I got off Lindey that you can hang."

"She has terrible taste."

"Maybe in clothes, but not in posters. Come on." I pull into a parking space and shut off the engine. Leaving her to deal with Perry, I jog into the office. A post-dated check for the rent gets me a key and a couple puffs of smoke to the face.

"No parties," the landlord says as I walk out the door.

"Righty-oh," I say, running back to my car in an effort to get the smoke stench out of my hair. It wants to cling to me like it's made of adhesive.

"You stink," Quin says, waving her hand in front of her face.

"I know. She smokes like a fiend in there."

"That's illegal."

"Tell that to Large Marge. Come on. Help me carry up some boxes. We can check it out together."

"What do you mean, check it out?" she asks, taking a box I'm holding out. "Haven't you already seen it?"

"No."

Her mouth drops open. "What? Are you serious? You actually rented an apartment in Heroin Alley without even looking at it first?"

"What's up?" asks Perry, walking over with two suitcases in hand. I still have my Burberry luggage for some reason. I probably should have sold it for the money, but I can't bring myself to do it yet. Maybe next month when I need more mac-n-cheese than I can afford on my salary I'll put them on Craigslist.

Quin responds. "She hasn't even seen the inside of the apartment yet. She rented it sight unseen."

"That's brave," he says. "Or incredibly stupid. What number is it?"

"Two-oh-four," I say, holding up the key. It's a very sad day when an asscar driver can legitimately call you incredibly stupid. I hand my head in shame.

He takes it from me and heads for the stairs. "Can't wait to see this," he says, walking faster than we can keep up with.

"You're a complete nutbag, you know that?" Quin is mad. "You're probably going to catch a disease in there. I'll bet there's shag carpet from nineteen seventy over rotten floors."

"Maybe it'll be new carpet," I say, feeling really stupid. Having more money than I could spend in my past life has apparently shrunk my brain down to the size of a walnut. I'm making turkeys look like brain surgeons at this point. Good thing my dad is gone. He'd probably disown me over this; he always accused me of not thinking when I made decisions. I guess he was right about me after all. Fuck me with two boxes of f**k.

"Maybe it'll have blood stains on it and gray matter chunks," she says in a near-whisper.

"Stop," I say, but a part of me is thinking she could be right. This place looks like a good location for an anonymous murder. I wish I had some of that glowy blue stuff in my moving boxes so I could look for body fluids before putting things down on the floor.

Perry's laughter floats over the balcony.

"Oh, good," I say. "That's what a girl wants to hear when people walk into her apartment."

Perry comes out and looks over the railing. "I hope you brought some Windex."

As soon as I'm in the doorway standing next to Quin, I realize that the local grocery store won't have the amount of Windex I'm going to need to make this place habitable.

"Holy Batman balls ... that is ... that is ..." Quin can't finish her sentence, so I do it for her.

"Heinous. Disgusting. Toxic. Worse than a murder scene."

She looks at me with pity in her eyes. "Not worse than a murder scene. Right?"

I grimace as I look back at the room that is coated in bug killing powder residue. Taking in the rest of its ambiance, my heart sinks lower and lower until I'm pretty sure I feel it in my ankles.

The wall has a hole punched in it, right in the center. There's a brown shag carpet that may actually be from the seventies but has since played host to about ten gallons of I-don't-want-to-know-what that has been ground into its fibers. A single cabinet and hand sink makes up the corner kitchenette, and a window so grimy and opaque it's possible it's not even made of glass - it might be just a hunk of wood in a window shape - sits in the middle of the far wall. There's one other mini-window with bent mini-blinds over it that looks out to the front entrance area.

"Nothing a little elbow grease won't fix," I say, my voice faint and weak.

Quin puts her arm around my shoulder. "What posters did you say you have?"

"Rick Springfield, Donny Osmond, and Shawn Cassidy."

Quin nods slowly. "I'm feeling a definite seventies vibe in here. We could make it work."

I look at her sideways, not sure if she's messing with me. "Are you serious?"

She grins. "Yeah. Perry will help, won't you, Perry?"

"No. I have to go."

Quin glares at him. "You're going to leave your former girlfriend in this shithole without fixing her drywall and cabinet? What's wrong with you?"

"We made out once and she yacked on me!" he yells. "That doesn't make her my ex-girlfriend!"

She continues to glare at him and he buckles. "Fine. Get me the stuff and I'll do it."

"Here." She hands him fifty bucks. "Go get it and come back. Maybe she'll give you a blow job when you're done."

I turn around in disgust, just in time to see the hopeful look on his face. I snatch the money out of his hand and slap him. "No, not really, pig. Go away. I'll fix it myself."

"You want your futon?" he asks.

"Of course."

"Well, come help me. I can't lift it myself."

I glare at Quin on my way out the door. "Do not pimp me out for wall repair ever again. Especially not to asscar drivers."

She giggles as she walks out the door with me. "I have a feeling BJs are the going rate around here. I was just seeing how far you were going to assimilate into the Golden Legacy culture."

"Not that far," I say. "Definitely not that far."

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

I'M STANDING IN MY NEW living room staring at the hole in the wall as I hold a small plastic tub of spackle. Up until thirty minutes ago, I didn't even know a thing called spackle actually existed. I thought it was a way to describe bad makeup application, but apparently, the whole thing started in the construction world and not with Cover Girl liquid foundation and pressed powder.

I leave my front door open to help air out all the cleaning fluid fumes that don't to seem want to leave the room. It could be because I poured them liberally onto the carpet, or it could be because I used about ten gallons of industrial strength stuff, but whatever; if the bugs don't get me while I sleep, it's very possible the chemicals will, but I've decided I'd rather go that way, so here I am.

"What happened in here? Crime scene cleanup?"

I look over at the teenager standing in my doorway. His pants are belted at his upper thighs and his baseball hat is on crooked. He looks like someone I should probably avoid, but his tone is nice enough.

"No. Not as far as I know, anyway." I stare at the hole in my wall. "You know how to do drywall repair, by any chance?"

"Yeah." He walks inside the room and stops about five feet away, inspecting my problem. "That's an easy one."

"So you say." I hold up the little container. "Is this the right stuff?"

"Yeah, but you need some drywall to patch in there. That hole's too big to just mud over."

"Mud over?"

He lifts his chin in the direction of my spackle. "That's what you're holding in your hand. Mud."

I look at the label. "I thought it was spackle."

"Same diff. You got a knife?"

"What are you going to do with a knife?" I hope it's not for stabbing me. I'll be really mad if he has come in here pretending to be a construction guy just so he can take me out with my one butter knife. It's not even sharp, so it'll be a particularly painful death.

"You need something to spread the mud with."

I walk over to the corner of the room and pick up the butter knife from my meager selection of utensils. "Here's one."

He laughs. "Not that kinda knife. A putty knife. Just stay here. I'll be right back."

I'm still staring at the hole that needs mud and a knife when he returns. He comes in and stops next to me, giving me a better look at him. He's probably about sixteen or seventeen, skinny as hell, with a light smattering of pimples on his cheeks. I'm not sure he needs a razor yet, but I can see he's used one.

"This is a putty knife. And here's a hunk of drywall you can use to patch the hole."

"You have this stuff lying around in your apartment?" I take the two items from him, inspecting them on all sides.

"My dad does construction. We always have junk lying around."

Walking up to the hole with the drywall chunk in front of me, I try and figure out how I'm going to get it to stay put. "So I just lay this thing in here and mud the shit out of it, and that'll fix it?"

He speaks with the speed of a teenager. "No. Make the hole a square, then cut out a square about two or three inches bigger on all four sides, then make a cut the same two or three inches in and pull the back paper and plaster off those outside strips, then lay the patch into the hole with the extra inches of paper all around the hole, and mud over it."

"Ass sphincter says what?"

"What?"

I about die when he falls for it. He stares at me with a bemused expression as I grip my stomach, trying to control my laughter. It's possible I've blown a brain gasket and all the stress has caused me to lose my mind.

"I'm sorry ... I'm sorry ..." I gasp out. "I just ... I have no f**king idea what you just said."

He grins, telling me he's a good sport. I already like him a ton.

"Give me that." He takes the drywall hunk out of my hand along with the knife. "Get me a ruler and a pencil and a beer."

"You're not old enough for a beer," I say as I dig through my backpack. I threw all my office supply stuff inside it, so if there's a ruler in this house, that's where it'll be. I still have my five boxes to unpack, but until the residue is gone, I don't want any of my things touching any surfaces in this place.

"If I'm old enough to fix your wall for free, I'm old enough for a beer."

"Good point. But I don't have any beer." I look around my kitchenette. "Shit, I don't even have a fridge." How could I not notice before that I don't have a fridge?

"I'll take a raincheck. Ruler?"

"I don't think I have one."

"Okay, then we'll just fudge it." He goes about using a pocket knife he pulls out of his pocket to turn my fist-shaped hole in the wall into a square hole in the wall. He chats with me while he does his magic.

"So, what's your name? Where you from? How old are you? Are you married? Got any kids? Ever been to jail?"

I laugh. "You want the whole resume, huh?"

"Yeah."

"Well, my name is Teagan. I'm from Silicon Valley but I go to school here in LA. I'm almost twenty-two, single, no kids, and I've never been to jail. Now that I think about it, I guess I'm kind of boring."

"Nobody who lives at the Golden Legacy is boring."

"So, what's your deal?"

"Well, my name is Rat, I'm from around here, I'm sixteen, not married, no girl but definitely looking for one, and I got arrested once but never went to jail." He holds the hunk of drywall he brought over for me and eyes the dimensions to try and make it a couple inches bigger all the way around the square hole he made. He uses the pocket knife to saw away the extra.

"Brother's or sisters?" I ask, picking up a rag and spraying ten squirts of Windex onto the grimy front window.

"I got a sister. She's not around here, though. She's older. I was the bonus baby." He looks over and grins, and a gold tooth winks out at me. His grin drops away when he catches me grimacing. "What's wrong?"

"Sorry. Your gold threw me off."

He frowns until he figures out what I'm talking about. "Oh, the grill."

"The golden tooth. What's up with that, anyway?" Now's my chance to get into the head of a person who finds that kind of thing attractive.

He shrugs as he puts the patch up to the wall to test the size. He scrapes some of one of the edges off, all his attention on the drywall and not me. "Dunno. Guess I thought it was cool. Cost some money too." He looks up. "You don't like it?"

I'm afraid to answer him honestly. He's being so nice to me, the last thing I want to do is insult him. "I don't know."

"Sure you do. Go ahead and say it. You hate it."

"Okay, fine. I hate it."

"So does my ma. She whacked me on the head when she saw it. Every time I smile she rolls her eyes."

"Must make you want to stop smiling."

"Kinda," he says, putting the patch up to the wall a few times while marking it with a pencil. "But whatever. Parents never like what their kids do, right?"

I nod. "You got that right."

"What about your parents? They like where you're living?"

"They're dead."

He stops everything and turns to look at me. "No shit? Dude, I'm sorry. That sucks. How'd it happen?" He sits down on two of my stacked boxes, staring at me, the drywall forgotten. He looks so cute, sitting there with his hat tilted crookedly and gold tooth shining from behind his lips. I promptly and silently ask the universe to find him a cute girlfriend.

I shrug. "My mom died of cancer when I was just born. I guess she had it while she was pregnant. Then my dad died just last week. I don't really know how. Heart attack, I think." The call from his lawyer is just a blur in my memory right now, another thing to deal with that I want to just forget.

"My condolences."

I turn back to my nasty window, pretending to be very interested in getting it sparkling clean. I can actually see sunlight coming through it now. Apparently, it isn't grime covering the glass; it's paint. Who the hell paints over a window in a tiny, airless studio apartment? "Thanks," I say without looking back. I've done enough sharing for one day, so I say nothing more about my family.

Thankfully, he takes the hint and goes back to the repairs. "Yeah, so we moved in here about a year ago. It's not that bad if you can ignore Stella in the front office."

"She's pretty hardcore about the no partying rule, huh?"

He snorts. "Yeah, right. She wishes. Like she can stop that around here."

I look over my shoulder and see him shaking his head.

"This place is never quiet. Never. There's always people shouting, and playing music too loud, and throwing things around. I have to play static in my headphones just to study."

"You study?"

He turns around. "What? I look like I don't study?"

My face burns red. "Maybe?"

"Whatever." He goes back to the drywall repair.

I feel like a total dick. "I'm sorry. That wasn't fair. I'm an ass**le."

He shrugs. "Don't worry about it. It's easy to judge around here. Trust me, I live with it every day."

Abandoning my cleaning I walk over to stand next to him. "Why do they call you Rat?"

He doesn't answer me at first. His jaw muscle tenses and I can tell he's trying to decide whether to speak or not.

"It doesn't sound like a very nice nickname, and I can't believe your parents named you that."

"Nah. They named me Julio."

"So why Rat?"

"Because. When I see shit that's not right, I tell." He turns to me, his face a mask of seriousness. "I'm a rat, get it?"

"So as punishment you have to call yourself that?"

He shrugs. "I guess. But it doesn't bother me. I'm proud of it."

I nod. "You should be. Standing up for what's right is a lot harder than following the crowd. Your parents must be happy."

"My parents don't know shit, and I want it to stay that way. My mom already hassles me too much."

"I get it. Well, your secret is safe with me, Julio."

He grins at me so hard, I'm pretty sure I'm forgiven. "So you said you don't have a boyfriend, right?"

I laugh. "No, but I'm not looking for one either, so keep it in your pants."

"Damn, that's harsh." He's still smiling as he goes back to his repairs. The patch is in place and he's smoothing mud over the top of it.

"That looks fun," I say. "Like decorating a cake."

"Here," he says, handing me the knife and the container of spackle, "have at it. I have to go anyway."

"But ..." I stare at his back as he's leaving. "What do I do next?"

"Build up the mud higher than the wall surface and let it dry. We'll sand it down and paint it tomorrow."

"Thanks, Julio!" I yell out as he turns the corner outside my door.

"Don't forget the beer!" he yells back.

I grin like a fool as I smear what looks like frosting all over my wall. I have cool-as-shit neighbors. How awesome is that?

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

MY NEIGHBORS ARE COMPLETE DICKS. Julio was not kidding about the noise.

I spend both Saturday and Sunday night sleeping on the futon mattress which is carefully covered with a bunch of garbage bags that are supposed to be protecting me from being attacked by regenerated sperm. All the bags do in reality is make me sweat my lady balls off and wake up way too early in the morning to the sound of the boom-boom-booming of someone's rap music.

No partying my ass. The Golden Legacy is party central. Saturday night I crack my front door open and see a group of guys standing in a circle as they take turns break-dancing on cardboard in the parking lot. I didn't even know people still did that.

The door remains locked for the rest of the weekend except for the one time Julio stops by to give me some sandpaper and more instructions for wall repair. Luckily, he didn't have time to chat since he has business offices to clean on Sundays as his part-time job.

By the time I wake up Monday morning for my first full week of work, I'm a total wreck. I've been working up a sweat with all the cleaning I've been trying to do and the garbage bag mattress cover, yet my shower is still too disgusting to actually use. I'm pretty sure I'll get dirtier showering in it than I was going in, so I clean up as best I can using the tiny kitchen sink. I'm hoping there will be a degreaser at work that will do the trick on the weird black stuff growing in and around the tub. I'd like to be able to use it someday.

My hair goes up into a ponytail in an effort to hide its oily condition, and I choose the cleanest clothes I can find in my suitcases. I sigh in disgust as I realize that it's possible by the time I get this shower in shape, I'll have to use that engine degreaser on my head and my clothes too.

Pulling into the parking lot of Rebel Wheels, I do deep breathing exercises to prepare myself for kicking ass and taking names. I feel like I have to prove my worth every single day for at least a month or I risk losing my cushy position as a ... what the hell... I don't even know what my job is here. Secretary? Assistant? Administrator? Janitor? Paperwork Assassin? Queen Of All She Can File?

Maybe I can just call myself whatever I want. Secretary sucks, I'm not going to use that one. I'm kinda liking the royalty angle. Maybe he'll let me be the queen bee. I'm smiling when I open the front door, thinking of all my worker bees buzzing around me.

"Where's the Jack invoice?" asks Rebel, not even bothering to turn around and look at me. He's got the filing cabinet open and his fingers are poised over the folders. His greasy, dirty, mechanic fingers.

I walk over swiftly and slap his hand away. "Off! Don't touch with those grody hands of yours. I'll get it for you."

"Grody?" He looks at his fingers and then me, either confused or offended. I really don't care which he is, so long as he doesn't mess up all that hard work I did for him.

I ignore what's turning into an annoyed look on his part as I slide my hands across the tops of the folders. "Anatole, Anderson, Beardall, Bird, Bannister, Beatty ..." I pause and look at him. "Is that Warren Beatty?"

"Jack," he says, his eyes flashing. "I'm looking for Jack."

I go back to my alphabetical search. "Jack. Here it is!" I pull it out and he reaches for it, but I jerk it back. "What do you want out of the file?"

"Just give it to me."

"No. These are my files now. What do you want out of it?"

He grinds his teeth together, but says only, "Latest invoice," before walking to the door leading into the warehouse.

"What do you want me to do with it?" I yell out behind him.

"Call him. Tell him his car is ready and to bring a check for the balance."

I smile. "Will do!" I'm so excited. This will be my first time speaking to an actual customer. I take the file over to the desk and sit down, my hand poised over the telephone. Opening the folder, I search for the invoice and customer information.

I find the paper that Rebel wanted, but not the guy's phone number. Shuffling through all the other stuff, I realize there's nothing in this damn thing but the customer's last name and some prices and receipts. Even the area that's supposed to describe the work done is mostly blank. I think I can read something that looks like HEADGAS but that's it.

"How in the hell am I supposed to call the guy if you don't put his phone number in here?" No one's there to answer my question, but I have a feeling if I'm going to stay sane in this place I'm going to have to learn to enjoy having conversations with myself.

Walking out to the warehouse with the invoice in hand, I wave at Mick and make a beeline for Rebel. "I'd love to call this guy, but I kind of need to know his phone number."

"That's why I asked you to give me the paper," Rebel says, his face buried inside the open hood of a car.

I draw up even with him and realize he's taken the top half of his jumpsuit off again. He stands, and I get an eyeful of chest muscles and tattoos. Good lord in heaven, have mercy on my libido.

"Do you ever wear a shirt?" I ask before I can stop myself. I blow my bangs out of my face in an effort to cool off. Seeing him half naked makes me seriously sweaty. He can probably see my pulse banging away in my throat. God, I hate when my body betrays me like this.

"His number's in my phone." He jerks his head towards the table behind him before going back to the engine.

I guess I'm not going to get an answer to my shirt question. I'm glad; that conversation could have been seriously awko taco.

I walk over and start searching for Rebel's cell, but I can't find it. There are about a thousand tools and dirty car parts spread out everywhere, but the phone isn't among them. "It's like playing Where's Waldo, for chrissake," I mumble.

And then I can sense him behind me. I hold my breath for some reason, which is totally stupid, but it's automatic. I am not in charge of my body today.

He reaches around me and points to the small shelf above the table without saying a word. His breath blows over my neck giving me goosebumps. It easily makes my agitation even worse. I seriously consider panting to get my breath back.

"Oh. Ha, ha," I say nervously, my hands fluttering the paper around. "There it is. Right in front of my face. How not observant of me." I really wish he'd go back to his car and not be so close. I can feel the heat of his body coming through my shirt, or at least that's what I'm telling myself when I step to the side and turn around.

But he's nowhere near me anymore. His back is to me again and he's involved in the car repairs once more. I cannot understand for the life of me why I'm suddenly disappointed. I obviously need some therapy or some good drugs. Maybe a lobotomy wouldn't be a bad idea.

"What's his number under?" I ask, looking down at the phone.

"Jack."

"Do I detect a note of sarcasm in your voice?" I ask as I scroll through the names. "Because you know, people do have first names sometimes." And then I get to the name. "Oh. Jack O'Leary. That is his first name." I sigh in frustration at myself. "I'm going to go practice my filing now. Maybe eat some chalk too while I'm at it." I take his phone with me to the office and sit down at the desk, resting my face in my hands.

"You okay?" asks Mick from the doorway.

I speak through my fingers. "I've been here for five minutes and I've already proven what a complete dipshit I am twice."

Mick laughs. "Actually, I think it's pretty entertaining."

"Too bad Rebel doesn't agree with you." Dropping my hands to the desk, I sit up straighter, trying to collect my cool.

"You never know with him. He plays his cards pretty close to his chest."

I want to groan. His chest. His muscley, tattooed, hard-as-a rock chest. Someone help me, I'm falling in lust with my boss who's like a hundred years older than me. But I don't groan over it. That would have been the smart thing to do. Instead, I ask a really stupid, really weird question.

"Does Rebel have a girlfriend?" My face turns beet red instantaneously. Before the word girlfriend even leaves my lips, I'm hot pink and on fire and wishing for an earthquake to take this place down to rubble and save me from my self-imposed shame.

"Why, you stepping up to the plate?" Mick asks, a slight smile playing on his lips.

Evasive maneuver, engage! Play it off! Be cool! "Ew, gross, no, shut up. He's way too old for me. And he's not my tyyyy ... puhhh." The air leaves my lungs as Rebel appears right behind Mick. He stares at me in silence for what feels like forever.

You know in movies how they freeze-frame a scene and then move the next part forward in slow motion? Yeah, well, that's my life right now. Time is almost standing still but not quite. The shame is sinking in nice and deep as the nausea takes hold. I can tell by the look on Rebel's face that he heard me. Today is the day for making impressions, apparently. Really shitty, embarrassing ones.

Mick looks over his shoulder, smiling like a devious little shit. "Who, Rebel? Nah, he's not too old. He's what? Twenty-seven? Thirty?"

"I'm twenty-six, and you're supposed to be working. Quit flirting and get back on that carburetor. The 'stang needs to be out of here tomorrow no later than five."

Mick salutes. "Yes, sir, gunney, sir." He walks around Rebel and punches him in the arm on the way by. Rebel doesn't punch him back, he just brushes Mick off like he's a tiny fly buzzing around. It's then that I notice the easy way they have with each other. I don't know why I never saw it before.

"You're brothers, aren't you?" I ask.

Maybe his answer will not only satisfy my curiosity but also re-direct his attention away from the fact that I said ew and gross in relation to being with him. I really didn't mean it, especially now that I know he isn't that old. If I'm being honest, ew would be the last word I'd use to describe anything about him, but I would never ever in a million years consider doing that ... being with him. Seeing him naked and all muscled and stuff would be ... Gah! Stop thinking about it! He's my boss, and besides ... he's obviously not interested, and I'm not a beggar who runs after uninterested guys. I'd rather stay single and grow up to be a deranged cat lady than act desperate for a man.

"Did you call Jack yet?"

"I was about to." My face is red all over again. Total fail. I had one job to do today and I blew it already.

"Tell him I gave him a tune-up on the house."

The words are out of my mouth before he has time to turn around. "Why? Why are you doing work for free?"

"Because."

I can tell from his tone he doesn't want to talk to me about it, but I push anyway. "Aren't you worried about your profit margin?"

"No."

"You should be." I learned that in Accounting 101. What the hell is wrong with him that he doesn't see that? How can he possibly have a functioning business without even knowing what little I know?

He stares at me for a while and then finally speaks. "Goodwill eventually brings bigger profits than charging for every single thing you do."

I'm so surprised that he's actually talking to me, and that what he said kind of makes sense in a confusing sort of way, that I don't think of responding until he's gone again.

"I'll call him right now!" I yell, eager to please him and make him see how bad I want to work here. "Jack! And I'll tell him! What you said!"

I breathe out a heavy sigh as the echo from my voice dies against the office walls. "Of course he doesn't answer me," I say out into the empty office. "He's already used up all his words for the day."

"And also tell him he can come anytime after ten," says a deep voice from the doorway. "I just have to do a couple more things before he shows up."

When I'm sure Rebel is finally, really gone, I lay my forehead on the desk and just breathe, trying to get my face back to its normal color. If I make it through a full week of work here, it's going to be some kind of miracle.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

I NEVER KNEW THAT FILING paper and making a few simple phone calls could be so exhausting. By five I'm dead on my feet and ready to sleep for a week.

"Time to party," says Mick, coming into the office. "You up for some beers?"

"Hell to the no," I say, putting my backpack strap over my shoulder. "Aren't you tired?"

"Nope. I'm just getting started."

I look out towards the car bay. "What about Rebel? Does he ever go home?"

"You kidding? This is his home."

"Seriously? Like, he sleeps here?"

Mick points to the ceiling. "Above here he does."

I look above my head. "In the attic?"

"Nah. There are two apartments up there. Small, but they have showers and stuff. He lives in one of them."

"Who lives in the other one?"

Mick's face goes dark. "My brother when he's not in jail."

My attention snaps back to Mick at the word jail. "Seriously?" This family is way more complicated than I gave them credit for.

"Yeah. He's pure trouble. That's why we're behind with the work right now."

"What'd he do?" I ask at a near whisper. If he says 'murdered someone' I'm so quitting this job.

"Got in a fight."

"Oh. Well, that's not so bad. Lots of guys fight." Stupid roosters that they are.

"Yeah, but not all of them fight cops."

"Oh. That is a problem, isn't it."

"Like I said, he's trouble. When he gets back you should just stay away."

"I'm not attracted to jail birds, so no problem there."

Mick smiles. "That's what they all say, until they meet him."

I fold my arms. "So Rebel's all workaholicky and your brother's pure trouble ... what does that make you?"

He grabs the door to leave. "Me?" The grin is totally contagious. "They call me Hellion." And with that he steps outside and leaves me alone in the office with my greasy hair, dirty clothes, and exhausted brain.

"You leaving?" Rebel asks from the opposite doorway, distracting me from following Mick out and asking him just how he earned that nickname.

"Yes, it's after five. Is that okay?" I'm nervous all of a sudden. I want to lick my lips but worry that I'll look like a crazed druggie or like I'm making a sexy move on him. Sexy is the last thing I feel like I can be right now.

"Yeah." He turns to walk away.

"Rebel?" I have no idea what I'm going to say. I just don't want him to leave for some reason. I'm a glutton for punishment, I guess.

"Mmm?" He doesn't turn all the way around, but I get a profile shot that's enough to make my heart skip a beat.

Dammit, his back is so frigging wide! And now that I've seen him walking around shirtless half the time, I know exactly what's under that stupid mechanic suit of his. Dammit, dammit, dammit. Good thing he's such a jerk most of the time. It's helping to keep my sexy thoughts to a bare minimum. Unfortunately, I think that's only going to work when I'm around him. As soon as he's far away and I've forgotten the ass**ley parts of his personality, I know I'm going to start picturing his chest and face again.

"Thanks," I say, feeling like a fool. "Thanks for giving me this job."

He faces front and walks away. "Don't screw it up," is the last thing I hear before the sound of clanking tools takes over the silence again.

"Yeah, right," I say, slamming the door behind me and walking out to my car. "Don't screw it up. Don't screw it up. How about you not screwing things up? How about you not being a jerk for once, how about that?" I'm fumbling with my keys when I realize I'm not alone out in the parking lot.

I sigh heavily and look up. "You heard me again, didn't you? What are you, a vampire? How do you do that?"

"What time will you be in tomorrow?" Rebel asks from the doorway.

I'm completely lost, so I give up trying to get into my car. "I don't get you."

He says nothing, of course, so I continue.

"I mean, you say hardly anything at all to me all day, and when you do finally talk, it's like you ration your words because you only have a certain amount of them you can speak in a day, and then you sneak up behind me to ask me stupid questions, like you actually want to talk to me and that's all you can come up with to talk about. If you want to chat, just chat! Open your mouth and talk to me! I promise I won't bite."

I want to die when his expression doesn't change. "I need to know if you'll be in here before I'm in. I have a delivery to make. Here's a key." He walks forward with his hand outstretched.

My face is on fire again. I've lost track of how many times I've opened my mouth and inserted my own foot. Of course he doesn't want to chat with me. This man doesn't chat. He fixes cars and walks around being sexy all day without even trying.

I take the key from him with a trembling hand. I don't know if my nerves are a result of having accused him of wanting to talk to me or from having him so physically close. I step away quickly just to be sure.

"I don't bite either," he says.

"What?" I ask, brushing my hair out of my face. I heard him, but I don't know what to say to that, so I'm stalling for time. I'm so flustered, I feel like running out of the parking lot as far and as fast as my feet will take me. I guess I'll have to get them out of my mouth first, though. God, why is it that I come up with witty things to say fifteen minutes after I've left the scene? Come on, Teagan, say something awesome!

"I said, I don't bite either. See you tomorrow." He turns to leave and makes it halfway to the door.

"Rebel!" I shout too loudly.

"Yeah?" He turns halfway so I can see the side of him.

"Do you have any degreaser I can use?"

He frowns as he turns the rest of the way towards me. "What do you need it for?"

"My shower." And my hair, but we'll keep that part a little secret.

"Your shower?"

"Yeah. It has black slimy stuff all over it."

"Wait here." He disappears into the office.

I bite on a hangnail while I wait for him, wondering if I should offer to pay for the stuff he's going to bring me. I hope he doesn't think this is my lame attempt at making a move on him. That would go down in the books as the worst pick-up line of all time. Do you have any degreaser I could use? It's almost perverted. I'm picturing what kind of weirdos would do things with black grease when he comes back through the door carrying a spray bottle.

I look at it when he hands it over and am instantly frustrated. "This isn't degreaser."

"No, it's not." He leaves me standing there.

"But I need degreaser!" I yell at the closing door.

"No you don't!" he yells back.

A spark.

A spark!

That blonde girl might own his ass in that club, but in this moment at Rebel Wheels, I feel a genuine spark between us. The kind of spark that didn't just originate from my lonely-ass heart. He was smiling when he answered, I know he was; I could hear it in his voice. Maybe he still is.

I leave the parking lot with a big shit-eating grin on my face. It lasts all the way to my apartment, up until the second I see the broken locks and bashed-in doorframe of my new home.

"Mother f**ker," I say under my breath, as I realize I've been robbed.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

MY HAND HOVERS IN FRONT of my apartment door, but I don't push it in like I want to. What if someone's still in there? What if they have a knife? Or a gun? I know this makes me an ass**le, but I leave my door and walk around to the one I saw Julio go into the other day. I knock loudly, hoping someone inside will hear me over the loud music.

A woman comes to the door. She's almost a foot shorter than me, but the wrinkles around her eyes tell me she's an adult.

"Hello. Um, is Julio around?" I try to look past her but see only a small foyer with vinyl floor covering that looks almost as bad as my walls, yellowed and torn in a couple spots.

She answers me with a bunch of Spanish.

"Julio?" I try again. "Estoy Julio ... here-o?" I really should have taken Spanish in school. French is so not spoken in LA anywhere.

The woman turns her head and yells into the house something I can't understand, but a minute later Julio is standing next to her without his hat. He looks ten years old.

"Oh, hey, Teagan, what's up?" He smiles and his blindingly white and gold teeth glow out from the gloomy apartment interior.

Before I can answer, his mother is spouting off something angry-sounding. Julio answers just as passionately, opening the door wider so he can go around her and come out. She's still yelling a thousand miles an hour when he shuts the door gently behind him.

"Holy shit. Was she mad about something, or what?"

"Nah. She was telling me to finish my homework before I take off."

I frown, not sure I believe him.

"So what's up? Need more wall repair advice?" He pulls his hat out from his back pocket and slaps it onto his head, twisting it to the side so it's off-kilter.

"Uh, no." For some reason, now that I've seen him with his little mamacita, I feel terrible about wanting him to go with me into my possibly dangerous apartment with me. What was I thinking?

"Never mind. I gotta go." It crosses my mind after the day I had with Rebel and this situation now, that it's very possible I left my brain behind in the dorm. Maybe I should go back there and see if I can find it again. At this rate I'm going to get myself killed playing in traffic.

I turn to leave, but he follows me.

"Tell me," he says. "I'm bored. I can help."

"It's nothing. I just got broken into and I was looking for moral support, but you should probably stay home."

"Oh, shit ... burglarized? What'd they take?"

"I don't know," I say, arriving at my door. "I haven't looked inside yet."

We stand facing each other at the entrance. "You want me to go in?" he asks.

"Hell, no. I want neither one of us to go in. What if he's still in there?" My heart rate is picking up. There are no sounds coming from inside, but what kind of burglar stomps around in the middle of robbing someone?

"Nah, man. He's long gone. This is the time everyone's coming home from work if they have a job. He wouldn't stick around to get caught."

"How do you know that?" I narrow my eyes at him.

His eyebrows go up. "You think I robbed your place?"

I punch him in the shoulder. "No, I don't think you robbed my place. But you sure know a lot about doing it."

"No, I don't. It's common sense. Even tweakers know to be gone before people get home. Come on." He pushes the door in before I can stop him.

Since my whole apartment is only one room, it's not difficult to see what's been done from out on the front walkway. "Son of a bitch!" I yell.

"Dude," he says in a disbelieving tone, "they re-did your hole."

"Can I just tell you how wrong that sounded?" I leave off messing with him to stare slack-jawed at the new hole in my wall, exactly where I spent about four hours fixing the last one. "What the f**k." I shuffle into the room, unable to take my eyes off the patch that used to look totally ready to be painted. "Who would do such a thing?" I look back at Julio. "The building department?"

"What? Why would you think that?"

"Maybe I did it wrong. Maybe they came in here and did an inspection or something."

He moves past me into the room. "If you tell me you're serious right now, I'm going to advise you to move out of this hood and never come back."

"Why?" I ask in a small voice. I wasn't kidding about the building department.

"Because. No one can be that naive and stay alive here for longer than a few days."

"Shut up."

"Seriously." He sweeps his arm across the room. "You think the building department gives a shit about this place or any of the people in it?"

My gaze follows his gesture. "You've got a point."

"Hell yeah, I've got a point." He points to the hole in the wall. "What you have here is a person who thinks you've got something valuable to hide."

"Say what?" I look around at the contents of my now emptied boxes and suitcases. There are clothes, shoes, and a few books that I couldn't bear to part with when I left school in heaps on the floor. I could probably get fifty bucks for all of it at a garage sale. Maybe. If I were lucky.

Julio points to the ragged-edged hole. "They probably thought you put some money or drugs in the wall and were covering it up. That's why they punched through your patch job."

I shake my head at the ingenuity of ass**les. "What a dick."

"You know who did it?"

"No. But whoever he is, he's guaranteed to be a dick." I walk to the far side of the room and start kicking my clothes into a pile.

"You need my help?" Julio asks.

"No. Might as well just leave the damn hole there if people are going to be coming in here punching it in again. I hope he bruised his stupid knuckles whoever he is."

"What about your lock?" Julio asks, looking at the front door.

"Oh. Shit. Yeah, that's a problem." No way in hell am I sleeping here without locks on my door. I probably shouldn't sleep here with locks on my door, now that I know they don't stop people. "Why would anyone think I have drugs in here?"

Julio shrugs. "Most people who live here do. And everyone and his brother saw you doing the stuff to your wall, so it could have been anyone. They just waited for you to leave."

I sigh heavily, fighting back tears. "I'm so disappointed in the human race right now. I feel violated."

"Did they take anything?"

"I don't think so. I have nothing to take except my suitcases." I search the floor but don't notice anything I care about missing, and the Burberry stuff is right there in the middle of the room. I realize in that moment that the only things I care about are my car and my ID, and I know I still have those things. I'm not sure whether to be proud or sad about the fact that I have so little of value in my life.

"What about designer purses? Leather stuff? Jewelry? Cash?" He looks at my piles on the floor.

"I'm not that kind of girl. I prefer backpacks, I have only this one ring that used to be my mom's, and all my cash is in my backpack." Damn the Golden Legacy for taking my last tiny pile of money. At least I have the cash Rebel gave me today, keeping me from being totally broke.

He shrugs. "I don't know what to tell you. No one's going to give me any answers since they already know I'm a rat."

"Never mind. Who cares? It's not like I have anything to steal."

"You don't need to have anything. Someone just needs to think you do."

That pisses me off. It's like no matter what I do, people are still going to come in here and mess with my life. I stomp over to the small pile of school books I didn't unload at the used book store and find a notebook with a few empty sheets of paper.

"What are you doing?"

"You'll see." I find the black marker that I used to label my boxes and write out a note in big block letters on one of the papers. Thirty seconds later it's taped to my front door.

Julio walks over and stands in front of it, shaking his head. "This isn't going to work."

"Yeah, well, it's better than nothing."

He gives me a sad half-grin. "I gotta go study. You gonna be okay?"

I wave him off. "Yeah, go ahead and go. I'm going to spray some crap in my shower and then leave."

"Where will you go?"

"I don't know. Somewhere I can sleep that has a lock on the door."

"Okay. See ya."

I take a few minutes to spray the mildew remover that Rebel gave me all over my shower and collect a bunch of clothes and things that I shove into my backpack before going out to my car. As I'm fumbling through the keys to find the one for the door, the one that Rebel gave me catches the last dying rays of the sun and blinks the light up at me. An idea begins to form in my head.

"No, that's stupid," I say, brushing off my thoughts and getting into the car. Reversing out of the parking space, I decide that a tiny hamburger made of questionable meat products will be my dinner. On my way to one of the fifty fast food places nearby, I check in with Quin.

"How was your first day?" she asks brightly, answering on the first ring.

"Good," I lie. "Great. I'm happy."

"Awesome! Want to go out and celebrate?"

"No, I'm going to stay in tonight. Maybe catch up on my sleep."

"Do you have sheets and stuff on your bed? Did you paint yet?"

"Yep. Did all that. The place looks really good." I'm lying to her for her own good. It'll ruin her night to know what my place really looks like. No way in hell am I telling her about the break-in. She'll insist I live on her couch and that would just never work. I'd end up hating her and her family, and she's the only real friend I have. That's more precious to me than a temporary place to sleep. Hell, I can sleep in my car if I have to. The Beast has never let me down. I brighten at the thought. A plan begins to form in my head.

"Awesome! I can't wait to see it. How about tomorrow?" she suggests.

I consider trying to do a total makeover of my apartment before then and decide there's no way in hell I can be that productive. "Mmmm, better wait until Saturday. I'm a working girl now. Gotta get my sleep." Four days until the big reveal. I can do this.

"Wow. Responsible is boring." She sighs. "Okay, I'll come Saturday. But if you change your mind, just text me. I'm bored out of my skull right now. I actually cross-stitched a flower today."

"That's beyond lame."

"I know. Tomorrow I'm going to knit you a scarf."

"Please don't."

"An orange one."

"Please don't."

"Talk at ya later!" She hangs up before I can tell her all the reasons why an orange scarf would be a bad idea for a girl living in LA.

I had planned to go to dinner, but my auto-pilot seems to have engaged itself without me realizing it. The Rebel Wheels sign comes into view and I have to jerk my hands to the left to keep my car from driving right into the parking lot.

"What the hell am I doing?" I say out loud into my car. My gaze falls on a fast food restaurant just down the street, so I go there, trying to figure out what my brain is thinking. I can't stay at work. That would be wrong. Just because I have a key ...

After realizing I don't have the appetite for dinner, I convince myself that sleeping in the office is wrong but that using the bathroom and sleeping in my car nearby isn't. At this point, I don't have a problem with being homeless, but I do have a problem with being bathroomless.

Maybe I'll change my mind later, but for now, the idea of being able to sit on a toilet seat is too much luxury to pass up, and I have this phobia that doesn't allow me to use fast food restaurant bathrooms unless I eat there first. It's possible I'm being completely brainless in justifying this to myself, but I don't examine it closely enough to know for sure.

I cut off the motor to the engine before I'm fully in the lot, cruising in complete silence over to my sleeping spot. I park around the far corner of the building where I can't be seen from the entrance, under the fronds of some scrubby palm trees. It's there that I come up with my plan of action.

First, I'll sneak into the office and use the bathroom to take a quick shower. It's not the nicest bathroom in the world, but it's better than the one in my apartment. At least I know the black smudges in there are really grease.

All the lights are off in and above the shop, so I'm assuming Rebel is gone. He's probably working at that club or growing another few pounds of muscle at a gym somewhere. If I can get in and out really quick, he'll never know I've been in there. Then I'll sleep here in the car around the corner where all the dumpsters are, so he won't see me. And before he wakes up tomorrow, I'll roll my car into a spot outside the door and pretend like I just drove in.

It's the perfect plan, guaranteed to work. I feel happy for the first time in hours.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

USING THE KEY REBEL GAVE me, I slowly and as quietly as possible, unlock the main door. The squeak of the hinges sounds like it's being amplified over a stereo system, and I make mental note to oil them tomorrow. I hope I won't be living in Rebel's parking lot then too, but it wouldn't hurt to have a quieter door, just in case.

Once inside the bathroom with the door fully closed, I turn on the light. The dim bulb is barely enough to brighten up the tiny space. Stripping off my clothes as fast as I can, I bundle them up and shove them into my backpack after pulling out my towel. I stand just outside the small shower, waiting for the hot water to come through. It's then that I realize I've forgotten my shampoo and soap.

"Dammit!" I hiss at myself in the mirror. I scan the area and come up with a dirty bar of industrial strength hand-soap sitting on the edge of the sink. I grimace, imagining that thing touching my body.

"Ew and double ew." Picking it up, I cringe at all the goop I see in its cracks and crevices. But it's better than nothing, so I take it with me as I step into the spray of lukewarm water.

The accordion door that closes up the tiny shower stall is way too loud as it shuts. I don't push it all the way into place because I'm afraid I'll wake the dead with the horrible screeching sound it makes. I could get trapped and then I'd have to break the thing down to free myself. That wouldn't be loud at all.

The water beads up on my greasy skin. Turning the hot water handle all the way barely makes a difference in the temperature. I hate that I'm going to have to use that soap. Upon closer inspection, I find that it has something scratchy embedded in it. Afraid to actually put the bar on my body, I do my best to get my hands full of suds that I then use on my skin.

My arms and stomach feel like they're sunburned when I'm done. It's like scrubbing with sandpaper, but at least it works to break up the oil on my skin. I can't bring myself to use it on anything else but my legs. The more tender parts of my body will have to wait for a day I have real lady-soap with me, and my hair is just going to have to be dirty another twelve hours or so.

I turn the cold water almost all the way off in the hopes that the warmer water will at least wash away some of the grease. I'm almost to the point of giving up when I hear a noise coming from outside in the office.

Scrambling to turn the water off, I hold my breath in fear. I've almost convinced myself that I imagined the noise when another bang makes me almost jump out of my skin. Someone's knocking at the door.

"Just a minute!" I say, trying to sound all light-hearted and unconcerned, like I didn't break into someone's business and use their shower without permission. And their soap. On my body. Oh my god, what was I thinking?!

"Teagan?" says the voice.

Aaaaand my shame is complete. It's Rebel. Of course it's Rebel. Why wouldn't it be?

I step out of the shower and pull the towel from the floor next to my backpack.

It's soaked.

Unbeknownst to me, the shower is not water-tight. All of the water from my bathing has somehow drained into my backpack. I pull out jeans that need to be wrung out before I can even think of putting them on.

"That shower leaks," says the voice on the other side of the door.

"I just realized that." I'm instantly sick to my stomach. Judge and jury are on the other side of that door and I'm so guilty right now. Guilty of breaking and entering, the very thing that made me come here for a shower in the first place.

The idea that I'd make Rebel feel as violated as I feel over my own break-in makes me want to cry and slap myself at the same time. On top of all that, I have nothing to wear, nothing even to dry off with, and he's probably already called the cops.

"Are you coming out?" he asks.

"Well ... um ... I want to, but I'm having a little bit of a problem."

He doesn't answer.

We could stand here all night while I wonder what he's thinking, but my nerves won't be able to deal with that. I already feel like I'm going to have a stroke. My mouth starts moving of its own accord.

"See, I had a little problem at my apartment, so I came over here in the area for dinner and I saw the shop and I thought maybe I could just use the bathroom, and then I realized I smelled bad, so I thought maybe I could just take a quick shower since it was so convenient, and then the shower got on my clothes, so I'm kind of naked in here without anything to wear." Oh f**k, I just told my boss I'm naked in his office. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. I am such a loser.

He says something I can't hear very well.

I press my ear to the door. "What?"

No response.

I snatch my soaking-wet towel from the floor and twist it around, wringing it out as best I can. Putting the cold, damp terry cloth on my skin makes me cringe, but there's nothing I can do about it. I have to get the hell out of here before I make things worse. Before I end up in jail with no clothes. I laugh bitterly to myself when I realize how well my new orange scarf will go with my orange prison jumpsuit. Maybe Quin has psychic powers.

Unlocking the door, I take a deep breath. I twist the handle and push the door open a crack. I can't see anything but the small hallway that leads to the office area. Opening the door wider, I stick my head out. The office is dark and the front door is closed. Rebel is nowhere to be seen at first, but then I see him coming in my direction from out in the car bay. I slam the door shut and turn the lock again.

He taps on the wood. "Open up."

"No." My heart feels like it's going a million miles an hour. Rebel seeing me naked would be the nail in my coffin. Dead. Gone. Buried in humiliation too deep to survive.

"What do you mean, no?"

"I mean ... I don't want to. With you standing there."

"Fine. I'll leave it here."

I wait a few seconds and then open the door a crack. He's gone and there's a pile of something at the bottom of the door. Apparently, he doesn't want to see me naked any more than I want him to see me naked. Why that disappoints me will remain a mystery for now, because I'm too curious about what's at my feet.

Reaching down, I grab the nearest part of it and drag it through the opening. As I shut the door again, the material opens up and I realize I'm holding a gray-blue mechanic's jumpsuit. It's huge, but it's clean and dry, so I waste no time in putting it on. The stiff material crackles as I move around, trying to make myself halfway presentable.

A quick brush of my greasy hair and an elastic to put it in a bun and I'm ready to face the music. I shove my soaking wet clothes and towel into my backpack and leave the bathroom.

The office is empty.

CHAPTER TWENTY

I WALK OUT INTO THE car bay with my squishy wet shoes leaving footprints behind me. Rebel is standing in front of a car, staring into its open hood.

I want to start a conversation about him working at all hours, about him not having a life outside this place, about him being generous enough to give me something to wear before calling the cops on me, but none of those words will come. I'm a mute, standing a few feet away from him as I wait for my sentence to be handed down.

"Couldn't get the mildew out of your shower?" he finally says. When he looks up at me, my heart stops. Holy shit, he is so good looking in jeans and a simple t-shirt. Life is so unfair. Why can't he be fat and ugly? Hairy? Covered in warts? At least have a pancake butt or moobs for shit's sake.

"I thought you'd be at the club," I say, trying to play off my sweaty palm reaction to being near him. "Or out. Having a life." With a certain blonde bimbette.

He says nothing. He just wipes off his hands on a rag as he stares at me.

My blathering on about stupid shit is not working to ease my nerves, and he couldn't be more intimidating if he tried, so I downshift into facing reality. "I'm sorry I came in without permission."

"You have a key." He shrugs and goes back to staring at the engine.

I'm not sure what he means by that, but my heart starts beating again, making it easier to breathe. "Yeah, but ..." I wait for him to admonish me, to make me feel like the ass I am for taking advantage of having his key. But still, he says nothing.

I glance over at the car that seems to have him enthralled. "What're you looking at?"

"This dog of an engine."

His response fills me with relief. He's not scolding me like a child. "Why are you staring at this dog of an engine?" I'm grateful for the change of subject.

He sighs. "I'm trying to decide if I should overhaul it or just put in a new one."

My eyes scan the hulking body of metal. It's a long car, with a wider back end than front with a clunky-looking design and ripped up upholstery inside. "Maybe you should just put it out to pasture. It looks like an old granny car."

He tears his gaze away. "You're kidding me, right?"

I shrug. "Nope."

He points to the ugly vehicle. "This is an all-original, nineteen sixty-nine, no-post hardtop Plymouth Roadrunner."

"Roadrunner?" I giggle, visions of Wiley Coyote dropping Acme bombs on a bird dancing in my head. "Meep! Meep!"

Oh my frigging god. I cannot believe I just busted out the Looney Tunes bird character on him. That blonde-haired girl would never do anything so unsophisticated. My face burns as I stare at the ground and shove my hands in the pockets of my jumpsuit.

I'm ready to jump into the nearest sinkhole when he laughs. He actually laughs.

My face burns brighter, but I grin too and look up at him.

"That's funny," he says, a split second before the smile completely disappears off his face.

Now I'm not sure if he really thought it was funny or if he wants to punch me in the head.

"When I finish, this car could be worth between fifty and seventy grand. That's if I bother with the overhaul."

I nearly choke on my own spit. "What? Fifty thousand dollars? How much did you buy it for?"

"Ten grand. Found it at an auction. Idiot didn't know what he was selling."

"Wow." I look at the car with new eyes. "Hello, granny car, get into my garage."

"Yeah," he nods, looking at me and then at the engine, "that's what I said."

"Really?" I grin with happiness, feeling a connection forming between us.

"No," he deadpans.

The room goes quiet and I can't think of anything to say. Unfortunately, he can.

"So why are you sleeping in your car and showering in my office?"

Here it comes. Reality, boom, right hook to the jaw. I scoff to cover up the sudden squeezing sensation in my chest. "Sleeping in my car? Please. What are you talking about? I'm not sleeping in my car."

He looks over and frowns at me. That's all it takes to make me cave.

My expression crumbles into one of shame. "Fine. I was planning on sleeping in my car. But I hadn't yet, so technically, ... whatever. I had to shower here because my bathroom is messed up and my apartment isn't safe, so yeah. That's my f**ked up life. Sorry I got you involved in it." I cannot get the image of that perfectly coiffed, perfectly dressed blonde from the club out of my head every time I look at him. She was like glue on his side. He must look at me and see next to nothing.

I turn to leave, but he reaches out and grabs some of the jumpsuit material near my arm. "Don't walk away. It was just a question."

"Are you going to call the cops on me?" I can't look at him. I'm too afraid of what I'll see.

"Why would I do that?"

I glance up at his face to see if he's just messing with me. "Because I broke into your office and used your shower without permission."

He lets go of my arm. "You can't break in if you have a key."

"I'm pretty sure I can and that I did."

"Not in my book. Tell me about this apartment." He walks away before I can answer, so I'm left to trail after him like a puppy. But it beats standing in the car bay all by myself, so I do it without complaint.

"It's not far from here," I respond. "While I was at work someone broke in and punched a hole in my wall. So I can't stay there until I fix the locks."

"What's keeping people from going in and stealing all your stuff right now?"

"Uhh ... a sign."

He stops partway to the main door that leads to the parking lot, facing me partway. "A sign?"

"Yeah." I give him a crooked smile. "I made a sign."

He goes over to rummage around in a cabinet, pulling some things out. "Take me there," he demands. Pushing open the main door, he leaves me in the office.

I run to catch up. "Take you where?"

He's waiting outside and closes the door behind me, locking it with his key. "To your apartment." He walks around the side of the building where my car is parked. I guess I wasn't so slick with rolling my car into the lot. He knew I was here the whole time probably. Dammit. Foiled again.

I suddenly realize what he's doing. "No, that's okay. You don't need to do that." I jog to catch up. I don't know what I'm worried about more now, him seeing my apartment or him seeing me outside this work environment. He's like a giant magnet sucking me in and he's not even trying. I don't know how I'm going to breathe being in my tiny car with him next to me, let alone my apartment with that damn sperm-bed staring at me.

He's opening up the driver's side door as I get around the corner of the building.

"What are you doing?"

"Driving. Give me the key."

My jaw drops open. "You can't drive my car."

He looks at me from his seated position, his eyebrow going up a little. "You don't think I can or you aren't giving me permission?"

"Neither. Both." I blow out a huff of air. "I don't know. Here." I slap the keys into his hand and go around the back of the car, muttering to myself. "Stupid bossy guy. I wish he'd just called the cops." It's not true, but it helps me get over the shame of having him see my sorry-ass car and soon my even sorrier-ass apartment.

I scowl the entire way over to my place, pointing to give him directions but saying nothing. I feel my face getting warmer and warmer the closer we get.

"Turn here," I say at the Golden Legacy. "Park anywhere."

He follows me past the algae-green pool and up to my apartment door. We stop in front of the broken doorframe as he reads my sign aloud.

"Fuck off and go get a life. I have nothing to steal in here."

Hearing it makes me feel a tiny bit better, like I'm fighting back in my own small way. I really am a badass sometimes. Strong. I can do this shitty life. I know I can.

He shakes his head and pushes open the door. We stand in the entrance, him staring at my one-room palace and me looking at the expression on his face. I cannot tell what he's thinking at all. He would be so good at poker.

"What'd the landlord say about this?" he finally asks.

"She was gone when it happened, so she didn't say anything."

"Cops?"

"Didn't bother calling them. Nothing was stolen."

He shakes his head again, moving into the apartment. Grabbing a box, he starts throwing stuff into it.

"What are you doing? I can clean this later."

"Pack it up. Pack it all up."

"What? Why?" He's already got most of my clothes into two boxes before I get a response.

"You can't stay here."

"I know. That's why I was in my car." I move towards him and take the box from his hand, dropping it on the floor. "Don't worry about it. I can clean this up later."

"I'm not cleaning. I'm packing." He grabs another box and throws my books and papers inside.

"I just moved in here!"

"And now you're moving out."

My jaw drops open and my hands settle on my hips. "You're not the boss of me!"

"Yes, I am." He doesn't even look at me. He just keeps packing.

"Maybe at work you are, but not here." I take two strides in his direction and grab the box he's holding in his hand. Yanking on it, I fully intend to end this little game right now. "Give it," I insist.

He doesn't let go. Instead, he pulls the box towards him and I lose my balance, falling into him. "You give it."

Suddenly we're in a tug-of-war over that stupid box. I grab it with both hands and yank for all I'm worth. "Leave it alone!" I shout. "This is my crap and my problem and my apartment!"

"Everything okay in here?" says a voice from the doorway.

I drop the box instantly and straighten up, embarrassed to be caught having a tantrum. "Oh, hey, Julio. What's up?" I brush my loose hair to the side and wipe off my sweaty upper lip with the back of my hand.

He takes a step inside. "You need my help?" He's eyeing Rebel and taking on a fighter's stance.

Rebel backs up a little and bends over, throwing more things into the box, ignoring Julio's obvious threat.

I try to snatch the box away from Rebel while also keeping an eye on Julio, but he moves it out of my reach.

"I'm okay," I explain. "I'm just having a little argument with my boss."

"Your boss?" Julio relaxes his stance a fraction.

"Yeah. This is my boss."

Julio screws up his face. "You're a ... you're a ..." His mouth moves, but the words stop coming out.

"I'm a what?" Now I'm pissed at him too. None of the people in my life are acting right, including me. I hate that I have no idea what's going on in my world right now.

Julio's face goes red and he backs towards the door.

"What?!" I yell at him.

Rebel speaks up from behind me. "She's not a hooker and I'm not a pimp. I own a car repair shop and she's the secretary there."

Julio breaks out a huge grin. "Ooooh, yeah, okay ... that makes way more sense."

I cross my arms, now offended for a totally different reason. "What? I can't be a hooker, is that what you're saying?"

Julio laughs and gestures at my outfit. "Not wearing that, you can't." He backs out of the apartment. "Talk to you later. Or maybe you're moving out ...?"

"No." I say, at the exact same moment Rebel says, "Yes. She is."

"Okay then," Julio says, still smiling. "Later. Come see me before you're gone for good." He disappears down the hall.

I turn my ire on Rebel. "Who do you think you are?! You can't just come in here and take over my life. And for your information, I'm not a secretary."

He drops the box he was holding in his hand. "Fine. You want to stay here tonight by yourself?" He starts walking towards the door. He's almost there when I realize what I'm about to do. Yeah, I'm stupid, but I'm not that stupid.

"Wait!" I scream before I can get a handle on my emotions.

He stops.

"Please don't go," I say in a calmer voice. "I'm sorry I'm being an ass**le. Really, I am. Just ... if you could help me fix the door, that would be awesome."

He turns around real slow and stands there looking at me.

My heart is beating wildly in my chest and I'm breathing heavily from it. When he takes three steps in my direction, I have to force my feet to stay in place and not run me into the far corner of the room.

He stops when he's in front of me, and I have to tilt my head up to see his face.

"It's not safe for you here. Fixing that door with the tools I have with me isn't going to be enough. I'm going to let you stay in my brother's apartment for a few days until you can get this worked out. You can pay me rent for it later if you want, but you can't stay here tonight. I'm sorry if you don't like me saying this, but I'm not going to let you do it. It's as simple as that."

For a few seconds I can't think of what to say. Then my brain decides there's one thing that's more important than commenting on responsibility and friendship and bossiness and protectiveness and a girl who stood looking perfect at a club on his arm and all the other things that might be going on here or that need to be said.

"Do you realize that's the longest sentence you've ever strung together in my presence?"

He grunts and then goes back to filling up boxes and my suitcases.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

AS UNCOMFORTABLE AS I AM with accepting his charity, I have to admit that I'm nearly crying with happiness over the hot shower that I finally get to take in his brother's apartment. I shampoo my hair three times to get all the oilyness out of it and even take the time to blow it out with a dryer I find under the sink. It's never been so silky and shiny as it is right now. I want to be in a hair commercial. I'd totally sell the hell out of whatever shampoo I was pimping if people could see me now.

I use my heavily scented shower gel to scrub away the last of the grime from my skin and make it glow. I look as though I've spent the day at a spa. Now I'm not a cat-pee couch; I'm a slightly tattered but very comfortable recliner.

An hour after my arrival, I feel like a completely new person. Now I can investigate my temporary digs without being disgusted by my own stink.

Rebel left me almost an hour ago with the promise to come back with lightbulbs. I go to the kitchen and turn on the switch but nothing happens. I'm left with a single light burning in a lamp in the main living room and the bathroom light. Everything else is dark.

There's a tap at the door that makes me jump. "Who is it?" I ask, feeling stupid. Of course it's Rebel. Who else would it be?

"It's me. I have those lightbulbs."

I had planned on sleeping in my underpants since everything else I own is too dirty, so I race to put my jumpsuit back on. "Just a sec!" When I'm sure I'm all zipped up with no skin showing, I answer the door.

He looks at me with a funny expression before coming in. "I found two for the kitchen and one for the living room, but you'll still be missing one in the closet and over the breakfast area until tomorrow."

"Don't worry about it. You don't have to do this. I won't be here that long." I follow him into the kitchen and notice that he's also taken a shower. My heart skips a beat when I think for a second that maybe he did it for me. But that's stupid ... everyone takes showers after work. He probably has a date later or something. His cologne or whatever it is I smell is almost intoxicating. I shake my head a little to get it out of those clouds. No need to go all stalker on the guy, especially when he's being so cool.

"Thanks, Rebel. This is really above and beyond, you know. You didn't have to do any of this." I wonder if his girlfriend will be jealous that he's being so nice to me, but I don't want to talk about her and bring her presence into this place. I really dislike her and I don't even know her or have a reason to feel this way. I've only seen her once, but watching her drape herself over Rebel was just plain awful. It's stupid and I don't want Rebel to know how irrational and ridiculous I can be.

Oops. Too late. I sigh at my amateur shower-burglary moves. Back to cat-pee couch status.

"Couldn't let you stay in that place," he says, either ignoring or oblivious to my frustration as he takes a chair from the breakfast area. He brings it around the counter and into the middle of the kitchen. "It wasn't safe."

I can't argue with him about the safety of the Golden Legacy. "You're not responsible for me, though."

He looks over his shoulder after standing on a chair to reach the ceiling. "Offering you a place to stay isn't taking responsibility for you. It's just doing the right thing."

I feel silly now for suggesting he was doing that. "I just don't want you to think I'm some kind of helpless chick or something."

A ghost of a smile moves across his mouth before he turns away and focuses on the light.

"What was that look for?" I ask.

"Helpless. That's not how I'd describe you."

That makes me really happy for some reason. Probably happier than it should. It feels like a huge compliment coming from him. "How would you describe me, then?"

I don't realize how flirtatious that sounds until he turns around and gives me a look that gets my face burning.

"Don't answer that," I rush to say. My pulse is fluttering in my wrist and neck, out of control. I try to tell myself that I'm worried about that blonde girl; she could probably take me since she's like a foot taller than I am. But when I can't stop staring at his muscles, I know it's all just a stupid game I'm playing with myself. Oh, shit, I'm getting myself into trouble here. Look away!

He does me the favor of ignoring me and saying nothing, and that's when I realize this whole silent treatment thing he has going on is actually kind of cool. I can open my mouth and shove my foot in there and he'll never say anything to make me feel bad about it. I just have to stew in my own embarrassment, but at least it's not something we have to agonize over out loud together. I force myself to look around the apartment instead of at him.

"So, this is your brother's place, huh?"

"Yeah."

"Where is he now?"

"Away." Rebel finishes screwing in the bulb he started with and moves on to another one.

"Mick told me he's in jail."

Rebel hisses out a lungful of air. "Mick talks too much."

"I think he talks just the right amount, actually. You know ... some people might take your lack of talking as rudeness."

He ignores me. Again.

"But I don't. Not now anyway. I used to, but I'm kind of getting used to it."

I fill up the silence with more blather, because being around him when he smells and looks so good makes me very uncomfortable and the lack of sound makes it even worse. "Yeah, you're more the strong, silent type. Still waters run deep kind of thing. I'll bet you have all kinds of stuff going on in your head that you just don't share."

I can't be sure, but it's possible I see his shoulders move in response to that last comment. It makes me think that I need to pay more attention to his body language. Maybe he's yelling shit at me all the time; I just haven't been noticing his native language.

I decide to experiment. "I heard your brother's nickname is Trouble."

Shoulders back. Head up. He's pissed. Boom. I'm getting this! I can speak his language or at least understand it.

"But you don't agree with that," I translate. "He's not trouble."

"Yes, he is. You stay away from him."

"He is? How so? Is he dangerous?"

Rebel steps down. "Not in the way you're thinking." He picks up the chair and moves it back out to the tiny breakfast nook.

"In what way, then? Maybe it's exactly how I'm thinking." I'm following him out and expecting him to take the next bulb he has in his hand and go left into the family room.

Instead, he does a one-eighty and I nearly bump into him. The closeness has me instantly nervous, but it's his expression that gets me smoldering in my stupid body suit.

"I'm not kidding," he says in a low tone. "Stay away from him. He eats little girls like you for breakfast." Rebel's eyes flick over my body, making my face go red before he leaves me standing there all by myself.

I scramble to get that impression of me out of his head. "I'll have you know that I'm not a little girl. I'm a college graduate ... almost. And I've been to a lot of places and seen a lot of things." Yeah. That'll change his mind. God, I hate that I'm such an idiot sometimes. He's probably comparing me to the blonde right now and seeing the obvious differences. Ugh.

"Is that so?"

"Yeah." I cross my arms, but immediately stop when it causes the giant jumpsuit to bunch up like lumpy pillows all over my chest. I leave my hands to swing by my sides. It's not very intimidating or convincing, but this is what happens when you don't have a washing machine handy.

"You haven't been to the places he has, so let him be."

"Let him be ... as if I'd go after him? Please. I'm not that kind of girl."

Rebel sighs as he tests the lamp he put the bulb in. He turns it on and then off again. Then he walks over to me and stops just inches away. "In all the years I've known him, I've never met a girl who didn't become that kind of girl when he walked in the door. Just don't ..."

I wait for the rest of his sentence to come, but that's it. He stares at the ceiling and then starts to walk off.

My auto-pilot engages and grabs his arm. I look down in horror at my own hand resting on his warm, bare skin, and I swallow with difficulty. There is so much muscle under my fingers right now. Just the idea of it has me sweating my ass off. I'm going to need another shower when he's gone.

He looks down at our connected bodies and then looks up to meet my gaze.

I pray that he can't tell what I'm thinking right now. "Uh ... what were you going to say? Finish it. Your sentence."

He doesn't pull away like I expect him to, but he does tell me what I want to know. "I was going to say, just don't fall for it."

A definite sense of regret follows as his arms slides out from under my hand and he walks back to the kitchen. For a second there I thought he'd stay, and then ... I don't know. The and then part is the dangerous piece of this whole equation, something I should be running from and discouraging, not hoping will happen.

Apparently being burgled has awakened some kind of thrill-seeking adrenaline junkie inside me. I wish she'd go away and stop messing with my head like this, forcing me to think things about my boss I have no business thinking.

"Fall for what?" I finally ask in an effort to get my mind on less dangerous things.

"His game." Rebel opens the fridge and looks inside before closing the door again. Next he checks the freezer. I have no idea what he's looking for, but whatever it is, it must not be there because he closes it without taking anything out.

I walk over to join him.

"You hungry?" he asks.

"No." The room goes silent, and the suggestion of food apparently wakes the monster that lives in my stomach. It growls like a very desperate lion.

He looks down at my abdomen. "You sure?"

"Yeah. I'm sure. Not hungry at all." The tummy lion roars once more.

"Come with me," he says, leaving for the front door.

"That's alright. I'm fine. I'm just going to hit the hay. Big day at work tomorrow. I'm going to start computerizing all those client files into a contact manager."

Rebel doesn't respond. He leaves the apartment but keeps the door open on his way out.

I stand there looking at the door, beyond frustrated. My stomach feels like it's eating itself from the inside out, and it's growling like there's a whole f**king pride of lions in there now.

The idea of a meal shared with this guy who's slowly been turning me into a brainless twit is both appealing and appalling. I should just shut the door and go to bed with my hungry stomach. I should just write him a thank you note right now and be gone before he gets up in the morning. I should just go up to my old house in Silicon Valley and demand that my former step-mother let me live there until I get my shit figured out. She owes me at least that much.

But I don't do any of that. Instead, I shuffle out of my temporary lodgings and down the short hall to the next door over - the one that's open wide, that I know leads into Rebel's apartment. I want to say that my feet don't want to go in there, but if they were any more eager, I'd be running. Stupid traitor body. I really don't enjoy being this out of control of my own emotions and motor neurons.

I laugh when I finally turn the corner and see the gourmet meal he's turned out for me.

"Sugar Pops?" I say, sliding onto a stool and picking up a big spoon he's put on the counter.

"Dinner of champions," he says, digging into a giant bowl of his own sugary goodness.

For some reason the cereal calms me down. If he had put out a real meal, I think I would have been too nervous to eat it; but this stuff? No problem. As I crunch away, my eyes scan the space. His apartment decor is like his speech: sparse. I probably shouldn't have expected anything else from a guy who rations words like every syllable costs him money.

His couch is brown leather and his television big, but not huge like I assumed it would be. What surprises me about the place is the pictures. I had expected blank walls, but he has photographs everywhere and paintings too. None of them have the blonde in them that I can see, and for some reason that makes me very happy. I get up from my seat and carry my bowl with me, making a tour of the room as I examine each of them.

"Who's this?" I ask, pointing to a picture of an older woman standing behind three boys.

"That's our mom and us."

I frown, a memory coming back to confuse me. "I thought you said you weren't really brothers. I can't remember exactly what you said, but I thought ..." I look back at the picture. Maybe I was wrong. They sure look enough alike and they're young. Really young.

"Mick and Colin are brothers by blood. I'm a brother through the system."

"System?" I turn around to see his expression, but he's in the kitchen with the light off, so his face is a dark shadow.

"Foster system. That's our foster mom."

I nod. Taking a closer look, I can see that they're all probably less than ten years old. That makes them brothers for at least fifteen years. I get the impression they're way tighter than I was with my own family. It makes me jealous in a way, and longing for something I know I will never have.

"And who are all these people?" I ask, pointing to other frames.

"Family of Emily, our mom. Friends. That's Colin." He points with his spoon to the last frame on the right.

I pick it up. Without even knowing the guy or his nickname, I can see why I've been warned away. He's got trouble written all over him, but I'm pretty sure I could easily resist his charms if I ever saw him in person. He's got nothing on his big brother.

I put the frame back down and move on to a painting. It's dark and turbulent. At first I think it's just a bunch of paint blobs, but as I move away I realize it's something else. I back up to get a different perspective and then see that it's got way more going on than I noticed the first time.

"What do you see?" asks Rebel.

I nearly jump out of my skin when I realize how close he is. I look at him over my shoulder for a moment, but my gaze is drawn back to the painting and I can't take my eyes off it. "I see a building. It's got bad people in it."

Rebel says nothing for a while, and I just stare and stare at the painting. The more I look at it, the sadder it makes me feel. "God, why do you have that thing hanging in here?" I want to cry for some stupid reason. I look down in my bowl, deciding that this much sugar this late at night is a very bad idea for me. "Fucking Sugar Pops."

"What?"

I turn and back up a few steps to put some distance between us. I know he doesn't mean to be, but he's freaking me out just being three feet away. He's worse than the painting with the way he affects my equilibrium.

"I said, f**king Sugar Pops. They make me insane in the membrane."

"You don't like the painting." He says it like a statement.

"I love the painting. But yeah, I hate it too."

"That's exactly how I feel about it. Colin painted it."

We stand there, staring at each other. My mind has a whirlwind blowing around inside it. There's a connection between us that's impossible to deny. At least, on my end there is. He hardly says anything to me and yet I feel like we've had all these important conversations. I have a strong feeling that he doesn't bring random people into his apartment or tell them about his pictures and discuss paintings with them.

I feel like I'm special and yet I'm not. I'm just this chick who forced herself into his life and made him feel guilty about leaving her alone and unemployed. I want to believe that if the blonde were important to him, I'd see hints of her in his home somewhere because I can't even begin to compete with the girl who stood beside him at that club who was so pretty it was almost painful to look at.

My stomach goes instantly sick over how lame that sounds in my own head. Ugh. I need to go before I completely ruin everything.

I stride over to the kitchen, taking the long way around the back of the couch so I don't get too close to him. "Thanks for dinner. I'm really exhausted." I pause to let out a really loud, really fake yawn. "I guess I'll see you tomorrow."

Putting the bowl down on the counter, I abandon the idea of putting my dishes in his dishwasher. Escape is my only goal right now. Escape from the nonsense I know that's about to come flying out of my mouth.

It's completely ironic that I'm actually running away from myself as I leave his apartment to be alone with myself. It makes zero sense, but it is what it is.

I lock the door once I'm inside Colin's apartment and lean against the wood, the handle jabbing into my arm. Rebel doesn't follow me and he doesn't say a word, but I guess I'm not surprised. What was the guy supposed to say, anyway? Why leave so soon? Want to hang out and watch TV or have some hot, kinky sex? I seriously dig cat-pee couches, don't you?

See? See? This is the shit that was probably going to come out of my mouth. Ever since I met Rebel, the pathway from my libido to my brain to my mouth has gone from a mile in length to about an inch. I wipe my brow as I realize how close I came to completely blowing everything. Rebel represents my job and now my living space too. I cannot piss him off or make him want to get rid of me.

As I stand there in the dark living room, I vow not to let my attraction to my boss get in the way of this job. Without any income from Rebel Wheels I will be homeless, and as much as I pretend I'd be okay with that, I know I wouldn't be.

Now, more than any other time in my life, I value and need a warm and safe place to live; and now, also for the first time in my life, whether I have that or not is completely and utterly up to me.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

I CAN ONLY SLEEP ABOUT four hours before I'm awake again. With a pile of all my dirty clothes, I head out to the laundromat that rejected me for not being fluent in three languages. An hour later, all of my laundry is washed, dried, and folded and I still have time to stop and grab some food at the mini-mart before heading back to Colin's place.

When Mick walks into the office at seven in the morning, I'm already thirty minutes into my bookkeeping with a box of donuts on the counter for everyone to share.

"Well, look at you. Early bird gettin' the worm." Mick grabs a donut, examines it for I don't know what, and then shoves half of it into his mouth. Powdered sugar coats his lips.

"That sounds really wrong, you know that, right?" I say, going back to my work. A laptop I found in a back cabinet is now being loaded with details from client files. I've almost finished with the A-names.

"You're right," he says after swallowing. "Strike it from the record. You want coffee?" he asks, pouring himself some.

"Nope. Already had three cups." And that caffeine is thrumming through my veins as we speak. I am wonder woman and super man all rolled into one badass computer genius superhero.

Mick goes into the car bay and Rebel comes in the front door. He stops at the coffee pot and pours himself a cup while I type away and pretend to be very, very busy.

I can't bring myself to look at him because I hate the idea of him seeing me as a desperate little girl. That comment he made last night about his brother eating girls like me for breakfast created a vision in my head that grates on my pride, where Rebel views me as a child and not an adult. It's probably for the better, I know this ... but I really don't like Rebel seeing me that way. I'm a grown woman, dammit. I don't just fall for any old guy. I'm not easy. I'm not some wienie who goes gah-gah over a pretty face and a troubled past.

When Rebel leaves the room without a donut and without saying a word, my heart sinks into a puddle of goo in my chest. I am so full of shit. He didn't even say anything and yet here I am, devastated. Whatever I imagined about mutual feelings between us disappears in a puff of disappointed smoke. I hate being in one of those one-sided crushes. They hurt. Oh, shit. I'm admitting it now. I have a crush on my boss. And here I was thinking I couldn't be any lamer.

"Morning."

My head jerks up just in time to catch Rebel disappearing around the corner again. His hand is the last thing to go, sliding off the door jamb.

He came back! He talked to me! My heart soars like it has the great big wings of an eagle attached. The angels are singing up on high! The sky is a brighter blue than it ever was before! Even though I can't see it from inside my office! The world is a nicer place to be, as of right this moment! I want to go out and do charity work and make the less fortunate feel like I feel right now!

His head comes back around the corner. "Oh, and make sure you clean the bathroom out. We have clients coming later today." His head disappears once more.

My heart? It's a whoopie cushion, and Rebel just sat on it.

I throw my pen across the room at the place where he was standing. It bounces off the doorframe and goes out into the car bay.

When I'm done twisting my mouth at the filing cabinet and fantasizing about storming out in a huff, I get down to business. "Clean the bathroom?" I grumble to myself. "You've got to be high on premium crack, yo, because I am not a maid. I am a college almost-graduate."

Grabbing the phone directory, I page through the yellow section and start calling janitorial services, but after getting three ridiculously expensive quotes, I slam the book shut in frustration. Taking a few deep breaths, I face my new reality. "Note to self. You are a maid until a better offer comes along."

The next few hours of my day are not spent computerizing the client files. They are also not spent expanding my intelligence in any way, form, or fashion. They are spent turning that disgusting hole of a toxic waste dump bathroom into one I'd be proud to drop my panties in. By the time the rock-n-roll bad boy of my wet dreams walks through the office door, the bathroom floor is so clean, I could eat off it.

"Hey," says Tarin Kilgour, lead singer of By Degrees, one of the most amazing bands to ever record music, "is Rebel in?" He lets the door swing shut behind him.

My mouth opens, but nothing comes out except some gurgling sounds. "Guuhhh, guummm, derrrrr, yyyeeeaaahhhh." I walk over to my desk and sit down, grabbing up the phone handset in a panic. As soon as the hard plastic hits me in the side of the head, I realize I have no one to call, so I put it back down. It rattles loudly in the cradle. Picking up a pen, I point to the door that leads into the car bay. "There," I finally manage to say.

He grins and follows the direction of my pointing pen. He must be used to people turning into complete idiots in his presence, he handles my brain break-down so well.

As soon as he's gone, I put my head down on the desk and try to breathe. I can hear all three of their happy voices over the sound of my beating heart banging loudly in my ears. Apparently, they're very excited to see each other. Hopefully, Tarin will forget I even exist and I'll be able to go on without too much of a memory of my famous person paralysis problem.

A minute or two passes and my heart gets back to a regular rhythm. I'm scared to death to actually face that rock star again - the actual Tarin Kilgour in the flesh - but I'm too intrigued by hearing Rebel's voice with this much emotion in it to ignore it. After only hesitating for a few seconds, I jump up from my desk and run to the door, peeking around the corner in an effort to spy on them.

Mick's face is transformed. He's totally hyped, and who could blame him? It's not every day that a Hollywood god graces this place with his presence. I know the names on the files in the drawer and most of them are people I've never heard of. Mick is obviously a fan-boy, but I have to admire the fact that he can actually speak like a normal human while standing just a few feet away from Tarin.

Rebel, on the other hand, is just Rebel. He stands there stoic, as cool as a guy can possibly be, one hand casually on his hip and the other gesturing to one of the cars that's halfway done. I envy his bad assitude. I wish I could not be a puddle of fan-goo right now.

The door leading to the parking lot opens.

I spin around to see a girl coming in with a baby on her hip. I breathe a sigh of relief when I see that she's not the blonde from the club. Standing up straight, I try and pretend like I wasn't just oggling a customer. "Hi. Can I help you?"

"Yes, I'm with Tarin. I just had to get the baby out of the car." Her diaper bag swings in as she gets through the doorway and throws her a little off balance. I recognize her as the girl who was with Tarin outside the club just the other night.

My face falls. What a dick, leaving his wife and baby to struggle in without him.

She grins. "Don't look at me like that. I told him to go in without us. She was sleeping, and I didn't want to wake her up, but as soon as her dad was gone she started yelling. Total daddy's girl."

I let out a sigh of relief. I don't know why, but I need my fantasies about people to stay intact right now. That burglary has made me hate humans in general, I think. To know that Tarin is a good papa is calming my nerves already.

"Can I get you anything?" I ask. "A chair?" I watch the child struggle in her arms. "A shot of whiskey maybe? A spa day?"

She laughs, her face lighting up. "The chair would be nice. The whiskey and spa day I'll take another time."

I scramble to roll my chair around the desk for her. Once it's around the opposite side, she sits in it and settles the squirmy kid in her lap before looking around. "I took your chair," she finally says.

I hitch my hip up onto the corner of the desk. "That's okay. You're getting me out of work, so stay in it as long as you want."

Her gaze scans the room. "I've been here once before, but it looked different. Really different."

"Like a garbage dump, right? Pizza boxes? Dust bunnies bigger than your diaper bag?"

She nods. "I didn't want to say it quite like that, but yes."

"Yeah, I did some cleaning."

"Good for you. What's your name?"

"Teagan. I'm the queen of files. What's your name?"

"Scarlett. I'm Tarin's wife. And this is Geneva."

I wiggle my fingers at the baby. "Hello, Geneva. You have ants in your pants."

"Yes, she does." Scarlett puts the squirming baby down and blows a big breath of air up into her face when the little girl starts to totter off. "She never sits still. I've lost six pounds running after her."

"She's cute." I remember reading something about this baby in a magazine once, but thank the stars my mouth has remembered how to stay shut for a change. Maybe it's just being around Rebel that loosens my tongue. I clamp my teeth together just to be sure.

"Yeah, she's a doll baby." Scarlett gets up and stands in the doorway to the car bay.

"Are you guys looking to buy a car?" I ask, hopping down from the desk and going over to the baby, steering her away from a sharp corner that I know is waiting for her on the edge of the filing cabinet.

"I guess so. Tarin met Rebel a couple times a while back and he hasn't stopped talking about muscle cars since. He's getting a little obsessed."

"Yeah, it's a disease, I think."

"Do you have one?" she asks, looking at me.

"Me? Heck no. I drive a Beetle."

"A classic." She smiles. "Not that far from these classics, I'd bet."

I shrug. "Guess I never thought of it that way." I pick up the baby and bounce her on my hip. She's cute with a ton of little curls all over her head.

She grins at me and a giant glob of drool comes out of her mouth to land on her chest. I catch a flash of a two tiny teeth in her bottom jaw before I'm blinded by a side-winder baby-smack to the eyeball.

"Ow," I say, squinting through the pain. I don't move, afraid I might drop her.

A second baby smack comes right after the first, hitting me in the same eye.

"Ouch! Holy right hook, Geneva..."

Scarlett comes rushing over. "Oh my god, I am so sorry. She's in a hitting phase. I should have warned you."

I blink through the tears. "Don't worry about it. I'm fine." I rub my eye gently once the baby is lifted from my arms. "Do you have her enrolled in Tae Kwon Do or what?" I can feel a little swelling coming up. "Kung fu fighter alert."

Scarlett is still laughing when Tarin and Rebel join us in the office.

"What's going on?" Tarin asks, looking from me to her. I can see him with my one good eye.

"Nothing much," I say, wiping the tears coming out of my bad eye, "just got my ass handed to me by a baby, that's all."

"She slapped her," said Scarlett, like she can't believe it happened. "Twice. Geneva is a beast." She squeezes her baby and showers her with kisses, making me think the kid is being rewarded for kicking my ass, but whatever. I'm no parent. Maybe that's how you keep a baby from turning into a prize fighter.

Tarin gives Geneva a not-very-threatening frown. "That's bad, Gigi. No hitting." He points a finger at her. "No hits."

She grins and reaches up in a flash to deliver a slap to his nose. Her little arm is like a damn windmill the way it keeps going around and around trying to catch some grown-up unawares.

He grabs her hand and puts her arm in his mouth, growling like a dog and shaking his head a little once he has a good grip on her.

For a second I'm shocked at what appears to be massively awful child abuse; but when she smiles hugely and squeals with delight, I realize he's not using his teeth and that this is some weird game they play.

He lets her arm go and then head butts her gently in the chest. She takes the opportunity to grab his entire head with both hands and sink her gums and two teeth into his scalp.

"Youch!" he yells, pulling back, his hair sticking out all over the place. "That beast just bit me!"

"What did you expect, you lunatic?" Scarlett says, moving away from him as she gently scolds the baby. "You bit her arm. She thinks it's a game."

Tarin frowns, rubbing his head. "It is until you use fangs." He points at the baby again. "No bites. No bites, you little beast."

I look over at Rebel and expect to find him enjoying the entertainment, but instead, he's staring at me.

I'm instantly self-conscious. Maybe I'm supposed to be doing something. My mind searches for the right thing to say.

"Kids who are raised by wolves do the same thing. Bite as a way to communicate."

Everyone goes silent and still. Only heads swivel in my direction.

Ack! Help! Reverse! "Not that you guys are wolves. Or even like wolves. I mean, you bite your kid, but not like that."

Silence.

"Anyone need to use the bathroom? It's super clean. You could eat off the floor in there."

Rebel walks towards the front door, completely ignoring the ass**le in the room that is me. "I'll call you when I have something," he says, all calm and collected.

Tarin is still staring at me as he moves towards the door. "Yeah ... cool ... that's cool, man." When he's even with Rebel he finally gives him his attention and holds out his hand. "Thanks."

"Anytime."

Scarlett is laughing silently as she leaves. She and Rebel exchange nods on her way out the door.

I back up towards the other side of my desk in stunned silence. Somehow I managed to not only make a complete fool of myself, but I also figured out a way to sneak in an insult about a baby being a dog raised by dogs. My butt bumps into what feels like the edge of my chair and I slump down into it.

Imagine my surprise when I end up in a pile on the floor.

Rebel comes over and bends down. "Are you okay?" He's frowning. I can't tell if he's concerned or pissed.

I get up on my hands and knees and use the edge of my desk to stand. I'm only halfway there before the pain really hits me. I groan. "Fuck me sideways. I forgot my chair wasn't there."

He chuckles.

The sound surprises me so much, I look up.

That's when he really starts laughing.

"What's so damn funny?" I stand partway up, hunched over like that guy who hangs out in Notre Dame.

Apparently it's my face that's hilarious because he can't stop long enough to tell me what the hell his problem is. He leaves the office with his shoulders shaking silently and his face glowing. I'm double pissed because he's the only ass**le I know who can laugh hysterically without making a single sound.

Limping over to the chair, I fume. I cannot believe that my total embarrassment and very bad impression of Lucille Ball is so completely amusing that he suddenly becomes a person who experiences emotion. How rude. How f**ked up. How ... annoying. I grab the back of the chair that was supposed to be behind me and wheel it over to my desk like it's an old-lady walker. As I sit down in it, Mick puts his head around the corner.

"What the hell happened in here?"

"Nothing." I'm grumpy and I don't want to talk to his stupid happy face.

"Seriously. I've never seen Rebel laugh like that in my entire life."

"He's not laughing. He's having a seizure. An ass**le seizure."

"What'd you do?" Mick says, grinning.

"Could you please leave? People are trying to work in here." I stare at the computer screen and start pressing buttons. Any buttons. My fingers fly over the keyboard. GZQW54 FUCKMEI CAN'TBELIVE IDIDTHAT. I just need to stew in my shame alone and try to figure out how I can go about working here and living next door to Rebel without actually seeing him.

I'm blaming all of this on him. Before I came here, I was normal. I was cool. I was never jealous of other women. I said the right thing at the right time and I never sat down on air. This shit has got to stop before I accidentally kill myself.

"Okay, if you say so..." Mick disappears around the corner, but something tells me I haven't heard the last of this.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

I LEAVE WORK AT FOUR instead of five since I came in early this morning and head over to the hardware store. I use ten precious dollars of my cash to buy a big chain lock and some nails. I'm not even sure what I'm going to do with the nails, but they seem like a good thing to have for a person in the process of repairing a doorframe.

The only bright light of happiness in my afternoon appears when I catch a cute guy checking me out in the store. He's standing there, flipping keys around in a big circle on a long keychain. When I return his look with a grin, he snaps his keys into his hand, frowns, and walks away with his face turned away.

Whoopie cushion blerp.

So much for a light at the end of the tunnel. Life completely and totally sucks right now. I've even lost my man-killer mojo. If I weren't so mad at my circumstances I'd be bawling. Luckily, anger and frustration are like twin jet engines powering my body forward, keeping me from falling into a heap of self-pity.

I blaze through the check-out line and leave the parking lot, sliding my back tires around the corner on my way out. I'll show that doorframe who's boss.

When I get to the Golden Legacy, Stella the landlord is there at the bottom of the stairs and she's fuming.

"What the hell happened in there?" she asks, following me to my apartment. She acts like she's been waiting for me to drive in all day; I've never seen her move so fast. She's huffing and wheezing as she stays on my heels.

Resisting the temptation to practice my roundhouse kick, I roll my eyes. "I was burgled." I'm so not in the mood for her nonsense. Why can't she just sit in her office and fill her lungs with carbon monoxide all day? Why does she have to ride my ass the minute I come on the property? Can't I get a break anywhere today?

"You're going to have to pay for the door," she says.

I stop walking and turn around. "What? You're nuts, I'm not paying for that."

"Oh, yes you are, missy." She's at the stairs, its handrail in her white-knuckle grip.

"My name's not missy, and no I'm not paying for it. It was a crime and I am the victim. You have to pay for it since you own it. Call your insurance company if you want to be reimbursed." I'm halfway up the stairs before she responds.

"I knew I shouldn't have taken a chance on you."

She's behind me, so I'm in the perfect position to stop and look down on her. I take advantage of my superior height and give her a hardcore staredown. "Let me get this straight... you think I'm some kind of trouble and I invited this in here?" I snort. "Like it's not all the drug addicts and criminals who live in all the other apartments?"

"I don't see anyone else's apartment broken into, do you?" She gestures around the place, and I can't help but stare at the flap of cottage-cheesy arm that sways under her triceps.

I swallow hard and force myself to look away. "Maybe there are other break-ins and you just don't know it yet."

"Nope. I hear about 'em as soon as they happen. You should have called me yesterday."

"I don't have your number." I continue up the stairs to the top. "I had to stay somewhere else last night because this place isn't safe."

"I hope you intend to fix that today." She stops in my doorway. "And that hole in the wall, too."

I spin around and face her, my head ready to blow up. "I'll have you know that the hole was there when I moved in, and I fixed it at my own expense. Then some ass**le came back and punched it in again. I shouldn't have had to pay for it the first time let alone the second."

"So you say. I didn't see that on the move-in checklist." She folds her arms across her ample chest and I have to look away. I used to have an appetite for dinner, but not anymore. All that cottage cheese ... shudder. I'm never going to eat dairy products again.

I really want to tell her to take her apartment and shove it up her fat, wrinkly butt, but I can't. Rebel's place is just a stop-gap measure, not a permanent solution. I can't keep living next to my boss while I feel this way about him. It seems way too much like stalking for comfort.

"Whatever," I say, blowing her off and accepting my temporary defeat. "I'm here to fix the door. I'll do the wall another day."

"You're going to need tools," she says.

I hold back my reply and go into the apartment, leaving the door hanging open. Slamming it in her face like I want to will probably only earn me some eviction papers.

"You still owe the rest of the rent," she says from outside the door.

I ignore her and my urge to punch a brand-new hole in the wall, gathering up the rest of my things that didn't make it into Rebel's box collection and putting them in the corner. I can't fix my door with her standing right there. I'm liable to put a nail through her eyeball if she's too close.

She finally gives up on harassing me and leaves. I wait until I can't hear her gasping for air and wheezing out phlegm before leaving my apartment and going down to Julio's place. His mom is there and after a complicated game of charades and some truly awful Spanish, I have their family toolbox in hand. Less than a minute later, I'm happily banging nails into anything that moves.

That's where Rebel finds me when he shows up with a pizza box in hand.

"Hey," I say, banging the fiftieth nail into the doorframe, proud that I'm not shaking, sweating, or wanting to pee at the mere sight of him. The splintered wood is almost fully metal now, thanks to my handiwork, and I'm feeling truly badass over it.

"Hey," he says, admiring my mad construction skills. "Hungry?"

Until he showed up, my answer would have been no. Now, I'm drooling, and I'm not sure if it's the pizza or him that's causing my reaction. "Sure." I lean over and open the top of the box to peek inside. "Pepperoni. Classic."

He walks in behind me and I hold my breath until he's passed. He puts the box down on the sink and reaches into his pocket. "Is there a soda machine around here?"

"Maybe in the gas station on the corner," I say.

"Be right back." He leaves me there with his pizza and a heart full of confusion, change jingling in his hand.

He brought me dinner. He's getting me a soda. What does this mean? Nothing. It means absolutely nothing. He's just a good samaritan and I'm a charity case. I take deep breaths to calm myself out of any delusionary thoughts.

I hammer one more nail in while he's going down the stairs, but as soon as he's out of sight, I drop the hammer on the floor and race into the bathroom and look in the mirror. It's pretty much hopeless, but I do my best to fix my hair and remove the smudges of mascara that have built up under my eyes. Maybe this is just charity on his part, but there's no reason for me to make it painful on him by looking like a bum.

I make sure to be hammering again when he gets back. I'm so slick the way I play off looking cool and collected while inside my stomach is in knots.

He walks in with a six-pack of beer and takes the pizza box, heading over to the futon.

"Don't sit there!" I shriek, dropping the hammer on my big toe. "Ow, motherfudge ... !"

He freezes halfway squatted down. "Why?" He's frowning at me.

"The sperm." I bounce around on one foot, holding my bruised toe in my hand while I wince and grunt through the pain.

He stands straight immediately.

Putting my foot down, I take two limping steps in his direction. "I mean ... ha ha ... not sperm. Did I say sperm? I meant ... worms. Yeah, worms. I saw a worm on it the other day, so I don't want to use it until I fumigate it. De-worm it."

He blinks at me. Just three movements of his eyelids up and down and I'm full-on confessing again.

I lace my fingers and put them on top of my head, breathing through the pain. "I got the futon from a guy I went to school with and he's a total d-bag chick-user, so I just assumed that the thing has all kinds of ... you know ... residue from his life on it." My hands fall to my sides. So much for being slick. I totally hate myself right now.

"Why'd you take it?"

"Because, number one I was desperate, and number two I didn't think of the residue problem until my friend Quin mentioned it." I gesture lamely to the mattress. "I put plastic bags down on it, but they make me sweat and they slide all over the place." Even better. Tell him how you get all sweaty while you sleep. That's attractive. I'd bet a box of doughnuts that blonde doesn't sweat ever.

Rebel puts the pizza back on the sink and the beer on the ground and walks over to a cardboard box. Pulling it apart until it's flat, he lays it out on the carpet. "Sit." He gestures towards it as he reaches over and grabs the pizza and drinks.

I walk over and sit down across from him on the box. The pizza and beer go in the middle. I'm nervous, but I'm still able to manage a smile. "Picnic." I don't exactly know why he's here, but I'm not going to look cross-eyed at a free pizza and drinks too.

He separates a slice of the pie and hands it to me. "Eat up before it gets cold."

I dive into my piece and roll my eyes heavenward at the chewy cheese and garlicky sauce. "Yum. Delicioso."

"Dino's. Up the street," he says between bites.

"I recognize the boxes," I say, tipping the top closed. "You had quite the collection at the shop." I take another bite and chew away happily. This could be the best pizza I've ever had in my life. No wonder they eat so much of it.

Rebel leans over and I freeze. His thumb comes up and slides across my bottom lip, wiping a blob of sauce off. I nearly have a heart attack when he sticks it in his mouth next. But he goes right back to eating his pizza like he didn't just rock my world.

Every chew he makes bulges out the sides of his jaw and emphasizes his strong, harsh features. I'm melting in his presence and all we're doing is eating pizza. My ears are on fire. I'm in so much trouble.

I tap into my massive willpower to keep myself from wiping the sweat off my brow, and make an attempt at casual conversation. "So," I say, clearing my throat to get the frog out of it, "big plans for tonight?"

He shakes his head, staring at me the whole time.

"Don't you ever go out?"

"No."

"Why not? Too tired working two jobs? How come you work at the club, anyway? Aren't you making enough money at the shop?" I know it's a personal question, but I have to get my mind off his mouth and his hands and visions of him going out on a date with that girl. Hopefully this distraction will do the trick. Dolph Lundgren has nothing on this man; my former crush is dog meat, the scum in my shower. Rebel is the real deal.

Do not stare at his dick. Look away. Look away! My gaze flicks away from the danger zone and up to the ceiling before settling down to focus on my pizza.

"No. Not too tired. I work at the club to help out a friend once in a while. It's no big deal. Money doesn't matter much to me."

"You're a nice friend." After the words leave my mouth I realize that it's completely true. He's turned into my friend in a way. I didn't really ask for it, but I got it anyway, and I'm not unhappy about it. In fact, I'm feeling kind of lucky right now. If I can't be enjoying sexy time with Dolph Lundgren's superior who also happens to be my boss, at least I can be his buddy. That's way better, anyway. Friends stick around a lot longer than guys who get too close, and besides ... he already has a girlfriend.

I smile when I realize that for the first time in several days, life does not completely suck. For the first time, I'm breathing easy in his company too.

"Thanks, by the way. For helping me out." I glance down at the box. "For the pizza. The shower. The hot sexy jumpsuit."

"Friend," he says.

I wait for him to finish what he's going to say, but I wait in vain. I guess that was the whole thought.

"Friend." I repeat, thinking I can spark more of a conversation by repeating his words.

"That's what I am."

"Well, technically, I guess you're my boss. But you're doing a lot more than a boss normally does, I think, so yeah. Friend. You're my friend." I rush to finish my thought, worried I've assumed too much. "If you want to be." My heart is going annoyingly fast again. I get the feeling that I'm playing some kind of game, but I don't know the rules or how to tell if I'm winning or losing. I take a big chug of beer and let out a burp that was supposed to be a lot quieter.

"Where are you from?" he asks.

I'm not expecting this question, so I hesitate in answering.

"Or don't tell me." He drains half a bottle of beer in one long group of swallows, and I get a little distracted watching his mouth do its thing. Catching a glimpse of his tongue makes me almost gasp out loud.

Holy shit. My chest and stomach are burning with lust. Think unsexy thoughts! Stella! Armfat! Golden-toothed pawn shop employees! Phew. That was close.

I shake my head and blink really hard a few times to get my brain back on track. "No, it's not a secret. I'm ... uh ... from a town called Sunol near Silicon Valley. I lived up in the hills in kind of an isolated area." There. That took care of it. Think about that place and those people and that'll get rid of every sexy thought you could ever hope to have.

"You've got family there?"

"Not anymore."

He lifts an eyebrow but says nothing. It makes me feel compelled to explain.

"My step-mother lives there. My father died last week."

He puts his pizza down and looks at me for a few seconds. Then he leans over and pushes on my knee a couple times. "Sorry. That sucks."

"Yeah." I nod my head, not trusting myself to say any more on the subject.

"You get along with her? His wife?"

I shake my head.

"She just left you here, didn't she?"

I look at the ceiling, willing the tears not to come. They're threatening though, so I drop my pizza, get up, and go into the bathroom. I run the water and wash my hands for a few seconds until I don't feel like crying anymore. When I come out, he's put the pizza box off to the side and he's working on his third beer.

"Sorry about that," I say. "I still lose it a little when I think about that stuff."

"Understandable."

I sit down across from him and crack open another beer. I'm starting to feel the first one and I'm looking forward to feeling more from the second. Or less, depending on how you look at it. I'm starting to not care what I say or how I say it, and that's a good thing as far as I'm concerned.

"How long've you been in LA?" he asks.

I take another swig of beer. "Almost four years. College."

He nods.

"How about you?" I ask.

"Been in LA all my life."

"You must know a lot of people." I remember Mick saying something like that. I wonder what kind of people they are. If they're anything like that blonde woman, they're no one I'd ever hang out with.

He shrugs.

"Tell me about your girlfriend." My face heats up as I realize what I've just said. Very cool. So smooth. Well done, cat-pee.

"What girlfriend?"

"The girl at the club door. At your second job. The blonde." I'm holding my breath, waiting for the crushing pain of reality to bulldoze me.

"She's not my girlfriend."

Joy fills my heart and soul, warming me to my bones. He's probably understating their situation, considering how she was practically peeing on him to establish her territory, but his explanation is good enough for me. I'm not going to press for details and make him regret saying it to me, either. A change of subject is definitely in order.

"Tell me about your brothers."

He doesn't answer right away. It appears as if he's lost in thought, and I'm beginning to think he's just not going to respond at all when he finally starts talking.

"Mick was just a baby when he got into the system. I was already with Emily when he showed up. So was Colin. First the State took Colin, and then later Mick. He was scrawny and sick. His parents were meth addicts. He'd been exposed."

"Exposed?"

"They had a lab. When he was taken in, he was under the influence. Had to detox."

"Oh. God. That's ... horrible." I'm picturing little Geneva being wasted on a drug I wouldn't touch with a ten-foot pole, and I cannot imagine the kind of people who would let that happen. I've lived a very sheltered life, and I'm totally okay with that in this moment.

"Yeah. But he bounced back. He's tough. Always has been."

"Why do people call him hellion?"

"Because he likes to party."

"Party in what way?"

"Drink mostly. Dance. Play around."

"With girls or something else?"

"Girls."

"Isn't that dangerous? Him drinking and partying when his parents were addicts?"

"He knows what he's doing."

"And what about Colin?" I finish my second beer and reach for the third. Rebel leans over and twists it open for me. My heart flutters with the intimacy of the act, and then I feel stupid for thinking that it was anything but just politeness on his part.

"Colin's trouble, just like I said."

"But how long have you known him?"

Rebel shrugs. "Ten years. Maybe longer."

"Why is he so much trouble?"

"Bad past, like the rest of us, I guess."

"But you're not trouble." I start to smile, but the serious expression on his face stops me.

"Don't kid yourself."

A thrilling shiver runs up my spine. "I'm sure that's supposed to scare me off, but it's not working." The minute the words leave my mouth, I regret them. Not because they aren't the truth, but because I know how suggestive they sound. He's way more man than I can handle; I know this. I can feel it. But does that stop me from laying my shit all out there? Hell no, it doesn't. I think maybe I'm the one who needs the Trouble nickname, not Colin.

"Don't let the calm exterior fool you." He reaches over to take my beer from me, but I pull it just out of his reach and he leans back again, rebuffed.

I lower my head and give him my best sexy look. "You don't fool me for a second, mister silent but deadly."

The silence stretches between us.

"Did you just call me silent but deadly?" he asks.

I start to giggle. "Oh, my god. I totally just did."

He smiles too. And then he laughs quietly to himself, looking at the floor.

"I didn't mean it like that." I'm not positive, but from the expression on his face, I'm thinking that expression 'silent but deadly' means the same thing in his world that it does in mine, and I can't think of anything less sexy than calling a man a quiet yet seriously stinky fart.

He's still smiling. "Sure you didn't."

I reach over and push him. "Stop, I swear to God..."

He grabs my hand as I try to draw it back and halts my backward movement. "You swear to God, what?"

The laughter that was bubbling up in my chest disappears in an instant. Panic swarms over me and threatens to drown me in fear. "What are you doing?" I look at our hands touching.

He drops my fingers immediately and sits up straighter. His smile disappears and he gets to his feet.

My eyes follow his progress up. "Where are you going?"

He walks over to my door and opens it, checking out the frame.

I get up slowly and finish the beer while walking over to join him. I watch as he inspects my nailing job.

"This isn't going to work."

"Says you." I hiccup once, trying to hold in a burp. It's not pretty when it comes out as both together.

He walks outside, closes the door, and with one punch, pushes it in again, demonstrating how the latch is not catching at all.

I grab the hardware store bag off the floor and hold it up. "Ah-ha! But you haven't seen this bit of awesome yet." I pull out the chain lock package and hold it up for his inspection.

"That's not going to work either. It's not strong enough."

"Wanna bet?" I lift an eyebrow at him saucily, but he doesn't go for it. My earlier freak-out has spoiled the mood, and that just makes me cranky. We were having so much fun and then I went and ruined it by spooking him. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Or maybe it wasn't stupid. Maybe it's exactly what I should be doing where he's concerned.

"Get the rest of your stuff so we can keep it safe," he says.

"I'm not sleeping at Colin's," I say, feeling like a spoiled brat but unable to stop myself. I'm mad at him, I'm mad at myself, and I'm mad at the world again.

"Why not?"

He's frustrated with me, I can tell by his tone, but I don't care. I want to push his buttons, and I'm buzzing enough from the alcohol to not care about the consequences much. "Because. It's not my place."

"It's safe."

"No, it's not!"

His voice goes louder than I've ever heard it. "What do you mean it's not? Of course it is."

"How can it be?"

He frowns. "That makes no sense. I'm there."

"Exactly!" I shout, throwing my arms up and then letting them flop at my sides. "You're there!"

He takes a step back. "Are you ... are you saying I'm not safe?"

"Duh!" I cross my arms over my chest. I really have no idea what I'm saying exactly. I'm just rolling with this nonsense because apparently all the stress I've been dealing with combined with beer and pizza equals one crazy chick breakdown.

"If that's the way you feel about it." He steps back out of the doorway to my apartment and gives me one last glare before leaving for the stairs.

I want to run after him and beg him to come back, to help me put up my chain lock and have more pizza and beer with me and wipe sauce off my face. But I don't. I let him go without a word, because having an affair with my boss would be the dumbest thing I could ever do.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

GIRLS SHOULD NOT DRINK AND drive or drink and install hardware.

There are six ragged holes in my door and another four in my doorframe as evidence of this fact. I cannot get the frigging chain-lock installed to save my life. I keep watching the parking lot, hoping I'll see Julio coming in. Julio will save me.

As I wait for my savior, a silver-green Prius pulls into the Golden Legacy and cruises slowly through the lot. It catches my eye because I know for a fact that no one here has a ride like that. Here people might drive a Toyota, but it wouldn't be a model from this decade and most definitely not a hybrid. No frigging way.

It rolls into a space I can't see very well from my door. I'm about to go inside and give up on the whole lock thing and just move my bed over to the door to block anyone from coming in, when I hear the Toyota's door slam shut. I shrug and wait to see what will happen next. Might as well hang out and see who the Prius is here to visit. If I'm going to live here, I probably should think about starting a neighborhood watch program or something.

It's dark down in the lot, but there is one functioning streetlamp near the pool. As the guy wanders into the glow of its light, I catch a glimpse of his face. I frown when it strikes me as familiar, but I cannot figure out where I've seen him before. Man, that's annoying.

He leaves the light and enters the shadows again, so I don't have enough time to study his face. I fully expect him to either go under the stairs and find an apartment on the ground floor or start climbing up in my direction. But he does neither. Instead, he walks down the lot until he gets to my car.

What the hell? I pull back as far as I can into my apartment and still see him.

He just stands out there, like he's waiting for someone. His head swivels left and right and then he walks around to the back of the Beetle. When he presses his face up to the glass in the back window so he can see inside, I lose my cool.

"Yo! Dude! Fuck off!" I yell, making sure not to let any more than my head stick out of the door.

He stands up straight and immediately turns in my direction. I quickly pull my head in and shut the door. Leaning against the wood, I stand there frozen in panic as my heart is racing and my brain is showing flashes of my possible near-future demise. Knife wound anyone?

Ohmygod, ohmygod, ohmygod ... what the hell am I going to do? I hate myself for not going with Rebel. Nobody would dare break into a car in his lot. Here, I'm just easy pickings. A sitting duck. Toast. A statistic!

My shoes finally become unglued from the floor, and I run over to the sperm bed to grab my backpack from the floor nearby; it's time to beat feet out of this joint. Screw being handy, screw being independent, and screw waiting for Julio. I want a warm shower and a big hulking wall of muscle between me and any weirdos who cruise parking lots at night and peek in windows.

When I get back to the front door I'm in full-on freak-out mode. If I open it up, will he be standing there? I don't know. Maybe. He went right to my car and no one else's. I'm his target. A quick glance out my tiny front window tells me nothing.

A banging on my door makes me almost wet my pants. My eyes take in the chain-lock on the floor and the hammer next to it. I run over to grab the only weapon at my disposal, and leap back, waiting for whoever it is to open the door.

Nothing happens.

Sweat is coming from every pore. I can hear my breathing, ragged huffs of air that are not feeding my brain properly. The room is spinning. The floor is tilting.

"Yo, Teagan ... you in there?"

I drop the hammer on the ground and in two strides find myself at the door. I throw it open, grab Julio by the shoulders, and drag him into a strangle-hold hug. I look for the stranger over his shoulder, but don't see him anywhere.

"Wow. That's ... an interesting hello. Miss me?" He pats my back and waits for me to release him.

I grip harder. "Julio, I think there's a murderer out there."

He twists around in my grip and looks behind him. "Where?"

I let him go so I can get him farther inside and shut the door. Once it's closed, I face him. "Some guy was out there looking in my car windows."

"And?"

"And? What do you mean, and?"

"How does that make him a murderer?"

I have to stop and think about that for a few seconds. "He was driving a Prius."

"Oh. Well. I can see your point."

I punch Julio in the arm. "Shut up." I do feel a little better though, so I don't give it to him full force.

He grins. "I came to get the tools." He looks at the door. "I see you've been busy."

"Yeah, your tools suck."

"Of course it's the tools that are the problem. Want me to help?"

"I was trying to put up that chain lock." I point to the hardware on the ground.

"It's not going to work. Your frame's too messed up." He walks over and opens the door a crack and examines it more closely. "What the hell did you do to it?"

I join him at the entrance. "I nailed the shit out of it." I smile. "I'm handy like that."

"Handicapped, maybe." He ducks while I dole out some more punishment.

"Whatever. I'm outta here." I throw my bag over my shoulder and lean over, gathering up his tools and putting them in the box his mother gave me. "Here," I say, handing them over to Julio. "Take your shit-ass tools and beat it. I'm leaving."

"Are you coming back?" He puts the box under his arm and waits for my answer.

"Yes, but I don't know when."

"When am I going to get that beer?"

"When you're twenty-one and I won't get arrested for giving it to you."

"Oh, man, come on..."

I hug him tight and give him a kiss on the cheek. "I'll pay you. I promise. I just have to get a paycheck first."

He's smiling shyly. "Nah, don't worry about it."

There's barely any light in my apartment, but I can see his face going pink.

"What's the matter, Rat?"

"Nothing. Nothing. Just ... I gotta go." He pulls the door open and walks out.

"See you tomorrow, maybe," I say at his back. He's suddenly in a hurry to be gone. I think my kiss freaked him out.

"Yeah." He waves over his head.

I look back into my apartment to make sure I'm not forgetting anything important. The only things I see are some odds and ends of clothes and a few pairs of shoes I could care less about.

Sighing, I shut the door as best I can and head down the stairs. There's an empty space where the Prius used to be, and I breathe a sigh of relief as I unlock my car door and get inside.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

WHEN I PULL INTO THE Rebel Wheels parking lot there are lights on upstairs in both apartments. Uneasiness takes over my brain, but I ignore the strong desire to do a u-turn and drive away into the night, and instead, pull the car into a space near the front door. Running will get me exactly nowhere, which would be really inconvenient right now, especially considering I have a job now and need to get some sleep and a shower.

Using the key Rebel gave me, I go into the office and then up the stairs that will take me into the hallway that leads to the apartments. When I get to Colin's door, my hand freezes over the knob. There are sounds coming from inside.

I stand in the hallway and chew on my lip, trying to figure out what to do next. Before I have time to make my decision, the door flies open and a giant wall of a guy steps out right into me.

"Oooph!" I bend over from the pain shooting up from my foot to my leg. "Holy shiiizzzle," I groan out, "what are you wearing? Combat boots?"

"What the f**k!" the guy yells, dancing off to the side. He's hopping up on his toes like we're about to go twelve rounds together.

I hold up my hands in surrender. "Don't shoot."

His cocked fists drop to his side and he comes down on his heels. "Who the hell are you?"

Standing most of the way up, I hold out my hand to the brown-haired, broad-shouldered bad boy who can only be one person. "Colin? Hi, I'm Teagan, queen of files, nice to meet you." I take several deep breaths to control the pain in my toes. First the hammer and now Colin. Oy. The guy isn't nearly as bulky as Rebel, but he's tall. And he seriously crunched my toes.

Rebel's door opens just as his brother and I are clasping hands together. I look over in time to see him scowl.

"Who's this?" Colin asks Rebel, his heart-stoppingly handsome face marred by a harshly devilish grin. "She your girlfriend?"

"Oh, God, no!" I say immediately. My ears go red at the idea that he'd think that. It's like he somehow uncovered my secret lust for his brother with that one question and put it out there in the air between us.

Colin chuckles. "Sounds like she's not a fan, Rebel."

"Go to bed, Colin," Rebel says, sounding tired.

"Yeah, right." Colin leans against his doorframe. "So ... Teagan ... what are you doing sneaking around my hallway at night if you're not Rebel's girlfriend? Looking to party?"

My jaw drops open and I back away. "Sneaking around? Party? Uh, no. I don't think so."

"She was staying in your place while you were gone," Rebel explains.

Colin reaches behind him and pulls something red out of his back pocket. "I guess these are yours, then." He grins again, a split second after the expression of horror crosses my face.

"Give me those!" I squeak, snatching them from the air where he's dangling them. I cannot believe I left a pair of underwear in his place and that he had them in his pocket. What the hell is my problem? And what the hell is his?

I look from Colin's trouble-maker expression to the dark clouds hanging over Rebel's head and decide the idea of taking off into the night isn't so bad after all. I turn to go and make it partway down the hall before I'm blocked.

"Where are you going?" Rebel asks, standing in my way.

"Move." I can't look up at him. I'm in panic mode. Now I really am homeless, and I was so looking forward to a warm shower. Plus Rebel has seen my underpants now. Maybe he'll think I left them in his brother's place on purpose so I can join the Colin fan-girl club. Gah!

"You don't have to go," says Colin, his tone low. "You can stay here in my place."

Rebel looks at his brother. "Why? You leaving?"

I stop breathing, waiting for Colin's answer. If he leaves I can stay and I won't have to sleep in my car.

"Hell no. She can stay with me." His tone goes sexy playful. "I have a double bed."

I take a step to the right to get around Rebel, but he steps with me and causes me to bounce off his chest. But I can tell he's not really paying attention to me. I look up at his face when I realize how tense his muscles are.

His eyes tell me he's blazing mad. "Stay the hell away from her, Colin. I'm not kidding."

"Whoa, easy, bro. She looks old enough to take care of herself. Besides, she said she's not your girlfriend."

I turn around and scowl at him. "Dude, don't even go there, okay? Not interested." I face Rebel again as Colin laughs in a surprised way, staring up at him and willing him to look down at me. When he does I continue. "I can't stay here. I have to go. Could you please move?"

Rebel grits his teeth over and over, his jaw moving with the rhythmic pressure. "Where are you gonna go?" he finally asks.

I shrug. "Back to my apartment."

He frowns. "Why'd you just make that face?"

I smooth my features. "What face? There's no face here."

"She's lying," says Colin from behind me.

Rebel and I join together and both shout, "Shut up, Colin!" at the exact same time. We share a look of surprise and then a very small smile appears on Rebel's lips.

"Fuck, you guys are harsh. Can't a guy joke around anymore? Jesus." Colin walks into his apartment and slams the door shut.

"That wasn't very nice," I say to Rebel, trying to make my smile go away with the scolding. It refuses to leave.

Rebel doesn't respond. He's just staring at me intensely.

I sigh heavily. "I have to go. Could you please move your wall of muscle so I can get past?"

"Stay here."

I stomp my foot. "Stay where, Rebel? In your hallway? In the office? I can't. I need a bed and a shower and a door that locks."

He leans over and pushes on his door. It swings in revealing the interior of his apartment. Again, he doesn't say anything.

I shake my head. "No."

"No what?"

I seriously want to sucker punch him in the gut right now. "I don't even know, Rebel!" I grab a pony tail elastic out of my front pocket and angrily put my hair into a bun. "You aren't even talking to me, you just point and grunt and shit."

"Why are you putting your hair up?"

My hands slow and then stop. "What?"

"Your hair." He gestures with his chin. "Why are you putting it up?"

I throw my hands out to my sides. "What difference does it make?!"

"I like it like that."

All my anger fizzles away. I go warm from the inside out, and suddenly the world seems a little bit brighter. "That's a stupid thing to say."

"Why?"

"Because. We're fighting right now. You can't compliment my hair in the middle of a fight."

He shrugs. "Why not?"

I put my hands on my hips. "Rebel, if you ask me why or why not one more time, I'm going to do it."

"Do what?"

"Punch you right in the kisser."

One eyebrow twitches up as a ghost of a smile haunts his mouth.

"I'm serious. I'll do it."

"You're going to knock me out for asking a question?"

"Yeah. That's what I said. Now for the love of Pete, would you please get out of my way?" I really don't want him to move. Some ridiculous part of my messed-up personality wants to stand in this hallway and argue with him all night. As long as I can see his face and have his giant wall of a body standing between me and the boogie man who's stalking my car, I'll be fine.

"Pete wants you to stay here," he says.

I pull my head back, totally confused. "Who's Pete?"

"The guy you love, apparently."

It's twitching of Rebel's eyebrow that finally clues me into the fact that he's making a joke. "Oh, for the love of ..." And I can't finish my sentence, because he's so damn cute and sexy at the same time that it's clearly made me insane.

I throw my arms out and launch myself into him, hugging him as hard as I can. "You're a jerk," I say into his chest. I'm lying. He's totally my hero and the object of my unrequited secret lust.

He grabs me around my back and lifts my feet off the floor. Before I realize what's happening, he's taken four steps and deposited me in his apartment. I catch just a glimpse of his face as he breaks away from me and goes outside, dragging the door closed behind him.

"What the ...?" I'm staring at a closed door. I'm inside the apartment and he's out in the hallway.

I grab the door handle and yank the door open.

Rebel is rapidly disappearing down the hallway.

"Hey! Where are you going?" I ask.

"Work. Go to sleep."

"I can't sleep in here!"

The door to the stairwell closes behind him and I'm left staring at the glowing red exit sign. All I can hear now are the deep beats of some kind of dance music coming out of Colin's apartment.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

MAYBE I SHOULD GO, BUT instead, I put on my pajamas consisting of flannel pants and a big shirt that says Haters Gonna Hate and lie down on Rebel's couch. As long as I don't go into his bedroom or otherwise indicate my desire to see him naked, I should be fine, right? That's what I keep telling myself; maybe in one of these endless minutes ticking by I'll start believing it too.

The leather couch makes me sweaty, but no way in hell am I going to take my pants off. He'll think I'm trying to be sexy and that I'm making a move on him. I've already made such a great impression with the underwear thing in Trouble's apartment, especially after all those warnings Rebel gave me. Not smooth. Not smooth at all.

Tossing and turning, I cannot get the visions of Rebel out of my head. He's beyond frustrating. There's a huge list of reasons why I shouldn't be in lust with him. First of all, he's way too old for me. Then, he's my boss and I desperately need this job. He owns a successful business, and I'm about ten years away from being in that kind of position myself, probably longer. He's hotter than hot, so it makes me feel goofy and childish whenever I'm around him. And just the sight of his naked chest makes me go all gooey inside.

I hate to admit this to myself, but I'm almost thinking he's too much man for me. I'm used to idiots like Perry running around my heels. Guys like that aren't my ideal, but at least they don't make me go into panic mode just by looking at me.

All of this rational thinking gets me nowhere. I'm still in lust, and now that I've looked at all the reasons why Rebel is totally wrong for me, I want him more. I seriously need to get my head examined. He is really wrong about Colin, too. That guy is so utterly resistible compared to Rebel it's not even funny. Rebel is the one who should be called Trouble, with a capital T.

I get up to pour myself a glass of water thinking maybe that'll help me sleep, get my mind off Rebel and his damn chest. God, why does he have to walk around work all day without his top zipped up? Okay, so maybe he's only done it a couple times ... but still ... it's very distracting. I'm complaining, but the idea of him zipping up from now on is positively depressing. Ass? Hole in the ground? I no longer know the difference between you two.

As I'm swallowing the water and trying to douse the heat that's building inside me over thoughts of Rebel, I hear the main garage door going up. It makes me curious about what he could be doing. It's after midnight and way past the time for car repairs. Maybe he was serious about working, and if that's true, he really needs to get a life.

I pad over the soft carpet to the front windows, watching with my mouth hanging open as he pushes my car into the garage. I can't decide whether to be mad or grateful. At least inside the garage no one will be able to press his stupid stalker face up against my windows. But why would Rebel do anything with my car? I never told him about the Prius murderer guy.

I throw on my flip-flops and a sweatshirt to hide my braless look, and I leave the apartment. Tiptoeing down the stairs, I'm as quiet as I can be. I want to spy on him without him discovering me in my jammies and ratty hair-bun, even though he said he liked it that way. It's completely ridiculous that I'm deliriously happy over that fact, but there's no denying it. I'll never put my hair down again.

Standing at the bottom of the stairwell, I have a perfect view of Rebel and the middle of the garage where my car is parked. He has the engine compartment open in the back and he's standing behind the car staring at it. Then he walks to the driver's side door and opens it up. When he sits inside and gazes over the dashboard, I can't help but come out. I guess he's going to have to see me looking my worst. It's probably a good idea; seeing him cringe at how I look will make him way less sexier.

"What are you doing?" I ask, stopping in front of my car with my arms crossed over my chest. I took my bra off earlier and now I'm regretting that decision. The sweatshirt is not doing its job. Holy air-conditioner alert. Okay, maybe it isn't the air-conditioner. I'm in such bad shape right now.

"Thought I'd take a look at what you have."

Gulp. Oh, wait ... he's talking about the car. "Why?"

He shrugs and then gets out of the Beetle. "We could fix it up. If you want."

"I can't afford it."

"You can work it off."

I raise an eyebrow. Double gulp. "I thought you said you weren't my pimp."

He looks a tad shocked before falling back into his stony expression. "I didn't mean it like that."

I grin, feeling like I'm back on solid ground now that I know any flirting is only going on in my imagination. "I'm just messin' with ya. Geez, don't go all action-figure face on me again."

His expression relaxes. "It's a classic you know." He gestures to the car.

"Of course I know. Why do you think I bought it?"

"I thought you said classics are granny cars."

"Only some of them."

We stand there staring at each other. I don't know what he's thinking, but I know what I am. I want to take him up on his car restoration offer for about ten different reasons, not the least of which is that it will keep me in his life. I cannot stand how pitiful that sounds to my own brain, but it is what it is.

I'm hooked and there's no denying it. I'm a Rebel junkie. He's like one of these cars - a classic. Old school and rough on the outside, but with all kinds of things going on underneath the hood. God, how I want to take a peek at his engine.

Gah! I clear my throat and look at the ground, battling to get ahold of myself. I'm turning into a total perv.

"Value of an all-original frame like this fully restored is about fifteen grand. Maybe more."

My head moves up sharply. "Fifteen thousand? That's almost as much as the Lexus." I swallow with difficulty. My face feels a little hot over the idea of not being poor anymore.

"What Lexus?"

"Uhhh ... the Lexus my dad tried to give me." I don't want to go down this road. The words just popped out of their own accord and now that stupid piece of my past is dangling between us.

"You want to talk about it?" he asks.

I'm too taken aback by his offer to chit chat to remain weirded out. "You want to talk? About my life?"

He shrugs, moving back to the rear of the car. "Why not?"

I follow him over and stand next to him, staring at an engine that looks like nothing but a maze of pipes and hoses to me. "Because it's a sad and sordid tale that I'm sure will bore you to tears."

"I doubt that." He walks over to his bench and brings back some tools and a short step-stool. Putting the stool down near the rear bumper, he gestures to it with a wrench. "Sit."

I settle onto my seat as he squats down and reaches inside the engine compartment and starts messing around. I take his silence as a signal to start talking.

"My dad always wanted me to drive new cars. I bought The Beast instead. I don't know why. I guess I hated that he always just expected me to do what he wanted without question."

Rebel doesn't answer or even indicate that he's listening, but I'm pretty sure he is, so I keep going.

"My mom died when I was a baby, and my dad didn't get remarried until just a few years ago. The woman is not much older than me. When he died last week, he left everything to her except one trust account I can't touch until I'm thirty. That's why I'm dead broke."

He grunts, but I'm not sure if it's in response to me or to the work he's doing trying to loosen a bolt.

"Not only did my dad essentially leave me homeless, he also kind of flipped me off in a way as his famous last words."

Rebel looks at me over his shoulder. "Flipped you off?"

"Yeah. Figuratively. The last thing he said to me was to keep his stupid toy car safe, and that's it. I really hate him right now and that makes me feel guilty and then I get mad for feeling guilty."

Rebel leans back on his heels and looks at me. "You're not making a lot of sense right now."

I can't help but smile. I know I sound like a scatter-brained fool, but that's his fault, not mine. I'm in some sort of fluffy, cloudy place sitting this close to him.

"I'll show you." Getting to my feet, I head around to the side of the car and open up the door so I can get into the back seat. I remember throwing the toy car back there, but don't see it on the seat where I thought it was. It's only after I'm practically doing a handstand that I find it under the passenger seat. I get out of the Beetle and hold it up. "See? Famous last words."

Rebel gets up and comes over to stand next to me, lifting the toy car from my hand with greasy fingers. I can smell a combination of motor oil and cologne on him, and I hate to admit it, but it's intoxicating. On anyone else it would be stinky and gross, but on Rebel, it's all-man. I really wish he'd unzip that damn suit he's wearing again. Maybe I can figure out how to turn the heat on in this place.

"GTO. Nice."

I huff out my annoyance. "The last thing he ever said to me was here's this stupid car, take care of it for me. What the hell does that even mean? It makes zero sense! The guy had a gajillion bucks and this is the best he could do for his only child? What ... am I supposed to trade that in for some Top Ramen soup?"

Rebel frowns as he turns the car over in his fingers. His other hand comes up and he grips the car on both ends.

"What?" I ask, looking as he squints his eyes and concentrates on something.

He pulls his hands apart and breaks the car in two.

My eyes bug out of my head. "What the hell, Rebel! He told me to take care of it!" I know it pissed me off that my father sent it to me in the first place, but it's the only thing I have left of him; and now the damn thing is broken.

Rebel pushes the pieces back together and hands the toy over to me. "It's a thumb drive."

"What?" I say absently as I try to do what he did.

He watches me struggle for a little while and then takes it back from me, showing me the tiny catch in the side of the car. Opening the tiny driver's side door releases the two parts.

I grab it back and follow Rebel's demonstration to pull the car in two again. The back end of the car is a cavity. The front end has a USB drive sticking out.

"Whaaaat thhhheeee fuuuuuuuccckkk ..." I half-whisper.

Rebel shrugs and goes back to the engine. "Better take a look."

"At what?" I ask, staring at the car and then glancing over at him.

He doesn't answer me, but he doesn't have to. I know what he means, and I don't hesitate to run into the office and find the laptop I put in the cabinet earlier today.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

THE THUMB DRIVE HAS GOBS of spreadsheets on it. Page after page after page of financials. There are scanned memos from him and other people in his company talking about some investment bank and an initial public offering.

I'm not really sure exactly what all of that is, but I know it has something to do with the stock market. Not a whole lot of it makes sense to me, but there's one memo that give me shivers. Some of it is just blah, blah, blah, stuff I don't understand, but there's one sentence that I have to stop and read like five times.

"...These numbers are questionable at best, and if you can't justify the failure to include the Bendeck subsidiaries in the final accounting to me within two days, you're going to force my hand into putting a stop to the entire IPO business. I want a full report on my desk no later than Friday..."

The memo is dated three days before my father died.

"What's wrong?" Rebel is standing in the doorway looking at me with concern in his eyes.

"I'm not sure." The words come out sounding strangled. "I ... maybe nothing. Maybe something. I can't tell." Cold sweats. I have cold sweats. I never knew what that meant before when I heard it, but now I do. I'm shivering and sweating at the same time.

Rebel comes over and stands behind me, looking over my shoulder at the computer screen. "What's on the drive?"

"Financials. And memos. This one is freaking me out." I rub my upper arms, trying to warm myself as I give him time to read it. My teeth are actually chattering. I look back at him after a few seconds to gauge his expression. His hard look is giving nothing away.

"When did your dad die?"

I don't know why, but his question fills me with relief. "Three days after this memo was written." Maybe he sees the same thing I do. Maybe I'm not crazy.

"You think it has something to do with his death?"

"No, of course not." The answer comes bursting out of my mouth like a herd of racehorses. "No way. That's nuts, right?" I hold my breath as I wait for him to answer.

"Probably."

I let out a big huff of air. His answer is a complete let-down for some reason I cannot even figure out right now. "Yeah. That's what I was thinking." I click the mouse and close down the windows on the computer.

Suddenly exhausted, I just want to get out of here and go to sleep. I pull the USB drive out of the laptop and slide it into the front pocket of my sweatshirt. "Time for bed." I stand and Rebel moves out of my way.

When I'm almost to the door, I turn around and face him. He hasn't moved from his spot behind the desk. "You coming up?" I ask. I hate the idea of being alone up there.

"You want me to?"

My heart freezes in my chest. Should I be honest or lie? I grit my teeth hard, forcing myself to get over my ridiculous needy feelings and do the right and smart thing. Yes, I want him there. But I shouldn't.

"No. Whatever. Do whatever you want." I'm too weak to make a decision or do the right thing. Let him be the one to decide what I should be doing. I miss my dad. I miss someone telling me what to do all the time. Before, I thought that I wanted freedom from all that, but now I realize it was like a safety net that let me know someone out there cared at least a little for my welfare. My sense of security is gone and why it's gone was never something I questioned about my father's death until now. Now I have a lot more on my mind than just his poor health and my sudden poverty. What if something weird happened to him? What if someone did something to him?

Rebel nods once and then moves towards the garage.

I leave the office, tears burning my eyes. I hate that I told Rebel to go away, and I despise the fact that I don't have the adventurous spirit that would have told him to come up to the apartment with me and do a mutual strip tease. I never wanted what I could have and now I do want what I can't. My life is such a mess.

I get back to his place and lie down on the couch with my back facing the television, letting the tears come. I cry for the loss of my father, I cry for my messed-up life, and I cry for the fact that I finally found I guy I feel like I can't live without and he's totally and completely not interested in me.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

IN THE BACK OF MY mind I hear the door opening and closing, but it's not until I feel pressure on my shoulder that it computes that I'm not alone anymore.

I roll over partway and see the dark shadow of Rebel hovering above me and next to the couch. I hold my breath to wait and see what he'll do, praying the hiccups have finally gone.

"You're crying," he says.

"No, I'm not." My voice is wrecked. I may not be actively crying right now, but thirty minutes or so of bawling my eyes out makes it kind of hard to hide the fact that I'm miserable.

He steps to the left and lifts up my legs. I don't have time to protest before he's sitting on the end of the couch with my feet in his lap. I'm too shocked to speak when he starts rubbing my toes. The warmth of his touch zips up my legs and fills my whole body. A tiny spark of happiness lights up the darkness that is my life.

"Emily died last year."

"What?" I roll onto my back and try to see his face in the black-filled room. I can barely make out his profile.

"My foster mom. She died last year. Cancer."

"Oh. I'm sorry to hear that."

"Colin took it the worst."

"Is that why they call him Trouble? Did he go nuts over it?" I want to know, because I'm strongly considering trying that myself. Why not? What have I got to lose? I'm sad that the best answer I can come up with is The Beast. It's the only thing of value I have in my life and it's older than I am and not that far from the junkyard.

"He's always been trouble, but that kind of pushed him over the edge, I guess. She was the only mom any of us ever really had, but for him she was something else. A guardian angel, maybe. I think he felt abandoned all over again when she was gone."

I'm struck not only by how many things he's saying to me but also at how personal they are. I want to capture this moment and put it in a bottle so it will never go stale, never disappear. Knowing him, we'll be back to single syllables tomorrow morning.

"I guess I kind of feel that way too," I say. "Abandoned. Left behind." Admitting it makes me sadder than I was before. I try to twist away onto my side, but his hands on my feet make it nearly impossible. I only get partway there before I'm crying again.

I want to hide my breakdown, but I can't. The best I can do is throw my forearm over my face. "Sorry," I say through the tears, "I'm just a mess right now. I'll go ..." I sit up and pull my legs from his lap.

He says nothing as I stand.

I'm almost past him when I feel his grip on my wrist. It's not painful, but it's also not weak. He means something with this touch.

I can't take the emotion I sense waiting for me there. I'm barely holding back from bawling out loud like a giant baby. Stepping once more away, I pull on my hand to release it from his grip.

The next thing I know, I've lost my balance. I was expecting him to let me go, but instead he pulls me back firmly. The floor and ceiling trade places as I fall onto him and the couch.

"What are you doing?" I squeak out as I land sprawled out over his lap, my legs flying up into the air.

He shifts my weight so that I'm sitting fully on his lap.

"Don't go," he says.

I struggle to remain cool and unaffected. "What are you, Santa Claus? Let me go."

"No. I can't let you go."

A lump gets stuck in my throat. I know he doesn't mean the words like I want him to and it makes me desperately sad. I should be happy about his efforts, but all they do is make me feel worse. Today is opposite day, I guess.

"Don't cry," he says. His finger comes up and wipes a tear off my cheek.

I slap his hand away. "Stop being so nice to me." I struggle to get up.

He wraps his arms around me, trapping my arms at my sides.

"What are you doing? Let go!" I yank my body left and then right, trying to get free. I'm not trying as hard as I could, though. I know it and so does he. I want someone to fight for me other than me, and I want that someone to be him.

"You really want me to do that?"

"Yes." I say, my voice revealing my pout.

He leans in closer to my neck as he adjusts his position. "You sure about that?" His whisper slides across my neck like a warm, silk ribbon. It makes me shiver from head to toe.

I can't answer. My mouth opens, but no sound will come out. There's a lie on the tip of my tongue, ready to tell him that I don't want him to ever touch me or ever care about me or ever give me a place to stay again. But rather than lie, I choose to say nothing instead. I feel almost brave over that silence. I can almost appreciate Rebel's style of saying as little as necessary.

He takes my non-answer as the answer it really is. Lifting one hand from the cage he's put me in, he places it against the side of my face, pushing me into his body. "Put your head on my shoulder. Just let me hold you for a little while."

This surprises me. The last thing I expected him to do is comfort me, but that's exactly what happens. I lay my head down on his shoulder, my face turned into his neck. I'm sideways on his lap, my feet hanging off his legs and down near the floor.

I keep my hands in my lap as he adjusts us both until I'm snuggled up against him and feeling every inch of his lap, abs, and chest with one side of my body. I can't help but breathe out a long sigh. This is the safest I've felt in a very long time, and the very first time I've felt that way with a guy who has his arms wrapped around me.

He's rubbing my arm. "I'm sorry you're sad."

"Me too," I whisper in a trembling voice. I'm on a cry-baby hair trigger right now.

"Do you miss him? Your dad?"

"Yes and no." I don't really want to talk about it.

"You're not alone, Tea. You're not alone anymore, okay?"

My chest tightens all over again and silent tears come rushing out. How could they not with a declaration like that?

When one tear drops onto his chest through his open jumpsuit, he moves his hand to the side of my head, using his thumb to wipe off my cheek. "Don't cry. I'm here."

It's overwhelming. Too much. He's amazing. Gorgeous. Smart. Full of secrets and things I wish I knew. And he's here in his apartment with me, taking care of me, caring about how I feel.

My arms have a mind of their own. My right one goes behind his back and the left one clings to his chest and ribs. I want to hold onto him until all of this goes away. He's like a giant anchor, and for the first time in a long time I feel like I'm not going to just fly away in a gust of wind. My father's only been dead for a week, but I've been alone for a lot longer than that. I cling to him as we weather the storm together.

His hand moves to rub my back.

I snuggle in closer as it goes lower. I cannot get enough of his body on mine, and I know he's feeling the same way.

His breath is heavier and coming just a little bit faster.

I move my head until my face is touching his warm neck. I can feel his pulse there. Comfort gives way easily to the heat that's building between us. Maybe he only means to be my savior, but I'm definitely thinking of him as more than that. Or maybe I have a different kind of saving in mind.

He turns his head just the slightest bit. I'm almost positive it's an invitation.

My pulse is going like crazy and certain parts of my body start to tingle. Before reacting, I consider my choices. I could get up and go into the bathroom and wait for him to get the hint and leave. But I immediately recognize that idea as one that sucks eighteen thousand donkey dongs, so I abandon it faster than it came to mind.

My other choice is to feign ignorance and just keep it at the friendly cuddle level. It's not a totally horrible idea, but it's also not going to ease the ache I've got for him.

The question is, do I want to risk what I have with him now, knowing that I could lose it altogether? Should I be a grown-up and think of all the ramifications of the act before jumping right in? Or should I say f**k it and totally go for it, worrying about the consequences later?

He puts his finger on my chin and puts just the tiniest bit of pressure there. The invitation could not be more clear: Lift my head and we will kiss, dip my head and we will never speak of kissing again.

"Is it better to have a bird in the hand or two in the bush?" I whisper, pulling an age-old memory of my father lecturing me as a small child out of the recesses of my brain. He was always telling me to make sure I included all the facts in my decision-making process. Taking risks was important to him, but always, always they had to be measured risks.

Rebel kisses my forehead. His lips linger way longer than those giving a friendly kiss should.

He doesn't answer my question with words, but it doesn't matter because his kiss and my body's reaction give me the response I need.

I'm on fire, and the yearning for his touch has built to the point that to deny it would be complete insanity. Why am I trying to act like a perfect adult when I'm only twenty-two? I can make mistakes and survive them, right? Screw the bird in the hand. Birds are stupid, anyway.

"Fuck it," I whisper and lift my face to his. I may lose everything by feeding the flame that's been licking at me since the day I laid eyes on him, but I realize now that it doesn't matter; being jobless and homeless will be worth getting a taste of the only guy who's ever made me feel like a girl on fire. Not kissing him would be like having a life but not living it. For just one night, I'm going to do what feels good, regardless of the consequences.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

AS SOON AS I LIFT my head and feel the rough scratch of his beard shadow on my lips, I know I'm in deep doo. He's hot and his body is huge and powerful. He's way more man than I've ever been with or probably ever will be with again.

He shifts so both his arms are around me again, but now the one that was gently rubbing my back is on my ass, and he's moving me into him by pressing his fingers against me.

Our lips meet. This strong, silent man who barely lets any words go is putting his mouth on mine and his tongue is demanding that I let him in. I'm already trembling with need and trepidation. This is no fumbling college boy. Rebel is a real man, and I know I'm in over my head. But I don't care. I'm going to follow his lead and go wherever he takes me tonight.

The room is silent except for the sound of our clothes rustling, the couch creaking, and our breath mingling together. I'm used to music drowning out the sounds of two people being intimate. I don't know why I ever did that before.

Hearing him breathe heavier as my hand slides across his chest is beyond thrilling. When my fingers roam down below his waist and he groans, I feel like some kind of superhero sex goddess. Me. Teagan Cross. I'm making Rebel moan at the slightest touch. Right now I could fly if I wanted to. I could jump off the top of this building and glide to the ground ten blocks away.

Holy shit, his dick is huge.

His hand is kneading my ass and it's making crazy shivers move up through the center of me. My sweatshirt and flannel are suffocating.

We both stop for a moment as he reads my mind, and removes my sweatshirt and top. I meant to only take off the outer layer, but here I am bare-chested. The cool air of the apartment washes over my heated body and makes my ni**les go hard. I'm not embarrassed; it's too warm in here and I'm too ready for us to be naked to care that he's fully dressed and I'm only halfway so.

He slides his fingers up from my waist to my chest. His hand is huge, covering my entire breast and then some. I rush to kiss him again, afraid I'm going to moan over the simplest touch. It's crazy how he's making me feel. No guy has ever made this happen for me, ever. Is it him or my grief that's so quickly sending me over the edge? I don't care; I just want more of it.

I twist around and straddle him so we're face to face. He slides down a little on the couch so the hot center of me can rest on his hardness. When he takes each of my hips in his two hands and pushes up into me while moving in a slow circle, I can't help but grip his forearms and drop my head back a little.

A small moan of happiness escapes my lips before I can trap the rest of it inside my mouth. My face goes red with the embarrassment of getting so worked up over such a little thing.

"Just let it go," he says in a low voice. "Feel us together."

I know exactly what he means. Maybe I shouldn't because it's so vague, but I do. We're in perfect rhythm, perfect synch. There are no fumbling moments, no seconds of bumping heads or tangled limbs. I think it's because we both know exactly what we want him to do and we both know exactly how I'm going to react.

His hands slide up towards my waist as he continues to move his hips. His fingers keep moving up until he takes one breast in each hand. He kneads and squeezes them as he pulses his hips upwards, building my need with every movement. Moving one hand down again to press into my ass, he guides me against him as he raises his hips up once more, putting more pressure against my most sensitive spot.

My panties are getting soaked and flashes of heat are making me feel all fluttery inside. I moan again as I sweat and ache for something I don't quite understand.

He surprises me by putting both hands on the sides of my face and pulling me down towards him. I'm anxious to kiss him again, so while I miss the feelings he was creating by touching my br**sts, I desperately need to feel his lips on mine, his tongue sliding across mine, the feel of his hot breath on my face.

I gasp in surprise when he pinches my nipple firmly between his fingers. It should hurt, maybe, but it doesn't; I want him to do it again. He pulls away from my mouth and puts his lips where his fingers just were and sucks hard.

"Oh, God!" I gasp, grinding down into him while arching my back and pressing my chest into his mouth. The sensations are blowing me away. Something's happening that I don't recognize from my previous sexual encounters, but I don't want it to stop. I feel like I'm at the amusement park on the roller coaster and it's clicking up the hill. The anticipation is building. Something big is going to happen to me, I just know it.

He moves to my other breast and repeats the sensations there. One hand roams my body, squeezes my opposite breast, moves under the edge of my waistband, and drags fingers across my back, while his tongue flicks my nipple, his lips and mouth suck, and his teeth scrape ever so gently. It's not enough to sit on his lap now. I want more.

Once again, he reads my mind or my body language, I don't know which. We go from sitting to lying down on the couch, and he's hovering over me, settling himself between my legs.

"You're so big," I say, as his weight bears down on me. "Heavy, I mean." And then I feel how big he is, as his hardness presses into me from above.

Holy shit, I'm in so much trouble right now.

Rebel lifts his upper body a little, removing some of its weight. "Better?" he whispers against my mouth before his tongue snakes out to lick my lips.

We play a battle of the tongues for a little while that only serves to ramp up my sexual frustration. "No," I say, pulling him back down so I can feel all of him on me. "Now it's better."

I like the feeling of sinking into the couch with the weight of this huge man above me. He might tell me to get lost tomorrow, but for right now, he's mine and only mine.

He growls and pushes into me, his face falling to my neck. He kisses and sucks the tender skin beneath my jawline.

My legs go up around his waist without my conscious thought. I angle myself to better feel his hard length. I'm deathly afraid that it's not the material of his jumpsuit making it seem so huge. I don't know what he's going to do to me, if I'll be able to handle him. I'm playing in the big leagues now and it would be terrifying if I weren't so turned on.

Rebel reaches between us and pulls the zipper down on his mechanic's suit. He sheds the top half and pauses for a minute as my hands and eyes roam all over his muscles.

"You have the most incredible body I've ever seen," I whisper, lost in admiration.

He smiles. "You think so?"

"I know so."

He leans down and kisses me roughly.

I push my hips up into him and grab him around the neck, taking his kiss deeper. His rough face burns the skin of my lips and chin, but I don't care. The sting is worth the shivers his mouth gives me.

We keep kissing as he struggles to remove the rest of his clothes. He has to stop to reach down and remove his boots. Two heavy thumps on the floor later as they fall, and he's soon naked above me. I'm breathing heavily as my fingers trail down the hot skin of his arm.

All of a sudden he stops moving and kissing me. He lifts his upper body a little so he's no longer pressing into my chest. His eyes close and he takes a deep breath in and lets it out slowly.

"Is something wrong?" I ask, not sure what's going on.

He opens his eyes again and stares down at me.

I expect him to say something, but he doesn't.

"Rebel, I can't read your mind." I reach up and run my fingertip down his cheek. His muscles are so tense. My finger goes to his lips and strokes the bottom one. It's silky smooth, so different than the rest of him. His tongue comes out and flicks at my finger, and then without warning he opens his mouth and grabs my finger with his teeth.

"Ow," I say, even though it doesn't hurt.

He lets me go after closing his mouth over my finger, letting it slide out from between his lips. And then while staring into my eyes, he pushes his hips forward, halfway burying his hard dick into my soft, sensitive center. Only my flannel pants are keeping him from penetrating me completely.

"You make me lose control," he says in a low growl.

"Do you hate it?" I ask, wishing desperately that he doesn't.

"No, I don't hate it." He pushes into me again.

I feel his arm muscles flex under my hands and it makes me even hotter. The knowledge that touching and kissing me has made him rock-hard and out of control causes me to be bold. "You like it. Don't lie." I move my hips around in a slow circle while pressing up into him.

His nostrils flare and his jaw twitches but he says nothing. He pushes into me again.

I raise myself up to meet him.

His eyes close slowly and then open again. "You're too much."

I frown. That's a new one on me and I can't believe it actually applies. "Too much what?"

He breathes out a long sigh and falls down into me, his face stopped at my ear. He lies there breathing and crushing me.

"Uhhh ... Rebel?"

"Hmmm..."

"What are you doing?" I grunt out. This doesn't feel nearly as sexy as all the other stuff he was doing.

He does a quick push-up and gets off me, leaving me instantly cold and alone as he gets on his feet.

I quickly cross my arms over my chest and try not to stare at the giant hard-on leveling off above me.

He's completely unconcerned about being buck naked in front of me, but who could blame him? He's perfection. Broad, rounded shoulders taper down to a narrow waist. Thighs flare out with muscle that I cannot believe fits in his jeans.

He stares down at me for a few seconds, and then runs his hands through his short hair and shifts his gaze to the ceiling.

"Ahhhh ... shit," he finally says.

I sit up, suddenly going cold. Nothing like an ahhh shit to douse the flames of desire.

He walks away and goes into the kitchen.

When I realize that he probably doesn't keep condoms in the freezer and that this whatever-it-was is really over, I quickly grab my sweatshirt off the floor and get into it, leaving my shirt on the ground.

Talk about embarrassed and confused. I have no idea what just happened, but I'm pretty sure it was my fault. Something I did screwed things up, or me being too much did it, whatever the hell that means.

A giant lump gets stuck into my throat. I can't concentrate or make any sense at all over the sudden hot to cold act he's pulling. I must have been wrong about how well we fit together because there's no way I had the control to just get up and walk away like he did. I was all-in, damn the consequences and anything else that would come after. But he apparently wasn't.

All I want to do now is run, but I have nowhere to go. I lie down and face the back of the couch, curling into a ball, wishing I had somewhere, anywhere to go but here.

Just go to sleep. Pretend nothing happened. You can cry like a baby in Quin's ear tomorrow. Don't let him know how much it matters to you. You still need this job. What were you thinking? He's your boss! And bullshit, that girl isn't his girlfriend. Maybe that's what this is all about. Great. Now you're a cheater too!

Ignoring the sounds he's making is impossible. He needs water? Is that all it takes for him to move on from that bump and grind session? I need a cold shower and a vibrator to not be a mess right now.

I knew he was too much man for me. Dammit, why didn't I listen to myself? Why did I let myself believe this was a good idea?

I hear him leave the kitchen and move through the apartment. I can barely breathe, trying to listen in on every little thing and guess what he's doing. I don't realize he's standing near me until I hear his voice just above my head.

"I'm sorry, Teagan. I shouldn't have ..."

And then he's gone. I hear his footsteps moving away and then his bedroom door shutting behind him.

I don't move. I'm too embarrassed, too confused, and way too hurt. Not even a full hour ago, he told me I wasn't alone and that he was here for me, but I've never felt so abandoned in all my life as I do now.

I cry myself silently to sleep on his stupid, sweat-inducing couch.

CHAPTER THIRTY

I HAVE TO PEEL MY face off the leather when I get up. It's possible my drool has stained his beautiful couch forever, but I don't care. I wish I'd taken my pants off and left butt cheek prints too.

I feel worse when I realize I'm alone in his apartment, knowing he walked around me saying nothing while I was drowning in misery. So much for being my anchor. Now he's just another thing dragging me down.

I take my time getting ready. It's after nine when I finally make my way down to the office. I make sure to have my hair down.

I freeze at the bottom of the stairs that lead into the garage bay. Colin has a mechanic's suit on and his head buried in an engine while Rebel is leaning on his workbench. The blonde who was standing next to Rebel at the club is right in front of him, holding a cup of coffee to her lips while she smiles in way too sexy a manner for my liking.

Rebel looks over at the same time she does. His expression doesn't register anything at all, and it makes me want to go over there and bean him with a socket wrench. But I don't because the blonde is there and she's staring at me.

"Who's this?" she asks, looking from me to him and then back at me.

I wave all casual-like as I walk over to the office. "Don't mind me. Just going to the salt mines." I make it almost to the door before she responds.

"You work here? What are you, the cleaning lady?"

Colin lifts his head out from under the engine to watch the show.

My foot freezes in mid-stride and then plants itself on the ground slowly but firmly. I face her and smile sweetly. "Yep. Exactly. I'm the cleaning lady. I do toilets, floors, and offices." And I would have done the boss too if he hadn't left me sweating on his couch last night. Oh, the humiliation.

"Teagan, can I talk to you for a second?" Rebel asks, separating himself from the blonde.

I keep the smile plastered on my face. "Nope! Love to chat, but I'm super busy right now."

I leave him standing a few steps away from his bench and go into the office, shutting the door behind me. If it had a lock, I'd engage the damn thing, but it doesn't.

The blonde's voice rises in the other room, but I ignore it. If he can play the shit-doesn't-matter game then so can I. Yeah, that's right. I can get mostly naked with my boss and then just calmly walk away and have a glass of water. I can fall asleep like it's no big deal that we were practically bumping uglies too. Watch me.

My cell phone rings just as Rebel is walking through the door. Relief washes over me as I quickly press the green button and put the phone up to my ear. Saved by the bell.

"Quin! What's up, my sistah? Long time no talkie." See how cool I am? How much I don't care?

"Nothing that your gorgeous face can't fix. Where are you right now? I need to see you."

"I'm at work." I refuse to look at Rebel who has walked into the office. Picking up my pen to act busy, I doodle a very angry stick man on my calendar. He's holding a wrench. "When I'm done doing some filing, I'm going to chip the poo residue off the inside of the toilet bowl. That'll keep me busy for hours."

"Uhhh ... that's about fifty shades of disgusting," Quin says. "Are you okay? You sound funny."

"I'm completely cool. Just looking forward to the workday is all." I plaster a big cheese-eating grin on my face and stare at the laptop in front of me. I refuse to look at Rebel.

"Okaaaay. I'll tell you what, Tea-Tea, I'm going to run over to the bakery and get you one of those bran muffins you like, and then I'll be there. Maybe you're just constipated or something."

"Or something," I say cheerily, hoping she'll get the hint.

"Gotcha. Okay, see you in twenty."

"I'm working, Quin. I can't hang out."

"I'm sorry. Our connection seems to be fading out..." She hangs up without saying goodbye.

The phone stays at my ear and I keep talking. "Yeah, that sounds good. Perfect... Do you really think so? I don't believe it! Say it isn't so..."

The phone rings loudly in my ear, startling me into dropping the cell completely. I scramble to pick it up off the floor and catch a glimpse of Rebel frowning at me as I answer the call.

"What?!" I say a little too loudly.

"Wow, sorry for calling a second time, Jesus. I'm getting you two bran muffins. You must be really backed up."

"Did you call me to discuss my intestines or is there something else you needed?"

"Holy bitch on fire, I wanted to know if I should get something for your boss or whatever? A nice blueberry muffin maybe? Chocolate chip?"

My chin juts out. "How about a Perry Spitler special? That outta suit him nicely."

"Oh... 'kay ... Trouble on the job. I get it. I'm going to go ahead and get that blueberry muffin. I'll see if they have any with arsenic frosting, though. Talk to you soon."

She clicks off before I can demand that she not bring my boss a single grain of sugar. He doesn't deserve a blueberry muffin after abandoning me like that last night. A muffin will just make him think I'm desperately stalking his dick or something, which I'm not. Even though it was a very nice dick. Argh! My own brain is a traitor to the cause. I really hate myself right now.

"Teagan, you can take the phone off your head. I know there's no one there."

I refuse to comply. "Oh yeah? Says you." I roll my eyes and smile. "I know, Quin, right? Some people ... the nerve."

"Teagan, please?"

That one word is what does it. I'm pretty sure Rebel has only said it about twice in his life, so it has a pretty powerful effect on me. I put the phone down and sit squarely in my seat, finally meeting his eyes. I struggle to keep my emotions from being written all over my face. It is a battle, too, because he is so damn hot. Dolph, you are dog meat compared to Rebel.

It makes me hate Rebel that much more to know that he has supplanted the The Siberian Express in my head as the sexiest man alive. Dolph would never leave a girl in the lurch like Rebel left me last night.

"Fine." I huff out a breath. "What do you want?"

"I wanted to apologize."

I sputter, snort, and roll my eyes in a desperate attempt to act like nothing that matters happened between us. "Please, Rebel, save it, okay? I have a ton of work to do today and I'm totally over ... whatever. It's over, okay? It never started, it never was anything, and it's over anyway, so who cares? Can I please just get to work?"

He presses his lips together and waits for a few seconds before nodding once. But he doesn't leave. He just stands there.

I use every ounce of confidence I have left, which is all of about two ounces' worth, to stand and get busy with the files. There are exactly three pieces of paper in the filing basket, but I study them very closely with eyebrows drawn together as if they're alleged original copies of The U.S. Constitution that need to be authenticated, so I can distract myself from Rebel's hulking presence just a few feet away.

He finally leaves as I pick up the last piece of paper. I throw it in the file without a second look and go back to my desk. Booting up the laptop, I force my brain away from thoughts of our dangerous liaison on the couch and back to the last thing I was looking at on this computer. Time to move on.

Financials. I search my own memory banks for the location of that USB drive. Sweatshirt pocket. It's upstairs on Rebel's couch where I left it folded up. But the spreadsheets are still sitting on the computer's desktop for some reason. I check the downloads folder and realize I put a copy there. I smile when I consider my accidental awesomeness. If those spreadsheets are something so important my father mailed them to me as a last-ditch effort, it's probably better that they be in two places.

I'm knee-deep in trying to figure out what I'm looking at when Quin walks through the door.

"Sugar delivery!" she says cheerfully as she walks in. She stops partway in. "Wow. A real office. I never thought I'd see the day."

"Shush. Did you bring me my drugs?"

"Yeah. Here." She sets a pastry box down on the desk and pulls out a brown muffin for me. "I told them extra bran because my friend is completely impacted."

"Great," I say, shoving the thing into my mouth. It's the size of a giant softball, but that doesn't stop me from going at it like a shark on chum. "Dewishus."

Quin is opening her mouth to answer when Mick walks in the front door. He looks distracted, like he was planning to just tear through the office and go right into the garage, but as soon as he sees Quin standing there, he freezes.

"Uh. Wow. Hi."

She grins and reaches into the box. "Muffin?" She holds up a blueberry one, a sure sign she likes him.

I shake my head. She's so obvious.

He scratches the back of his neck, like he's suddenly nervous. "Uh. Sure. Okay." He takes it from her and then steps back, looking at it.

"It's poisoned," she says with a completely straight face.

He frowns, looking first at the muffin and then at her. "Seriously?"

She holds her own muffin up to her face. "What do you think?" She wiggles her eyebrows at him as she takes a bite of her muffin.

A spark lights up in his eyes and he walks over to her. Without any warning at all, he yanks her muffin out of her hand and replaces it with his. "I think if it's poisoned, you're going to be very sorry." He pushes the entire muffin into his mouth as he's walking out of the office.

"Most people say thank you when receiving a non-poisoned breakfast food from a complete stranger!" she yells at his back as it goes around the corner.

A few seconds later we hear, "Thank you!" being yelled from the garage.

She spins around and looks at me, her face flushed. "He ... is so hot. Holy shit."

I roll my eyes. "And he's probably totally wrong for you, so stay away from him."

"What could possibly be wrong about him for me? He's hot. I'm hot. He's sexy. I'm sexy."

"His nickname is Hellion, Q-baby. And I don't think he got it because he's really good at chess."

She pouts. "I like to party."

"Not that much. Not his kind of party."

Hiking her butt up on the corner of my desk, she leans in. "What kind of partying are we talking about here?"

I grab some papers that are slowly getting folded by her butt cheek and yank them out. "People are trying to work here, you know."

She points a painted fingernail at my face. "You are so busted, by the way."

My best innocent expression appears like a forcefield for my face. "For what?" There are too many things she could be talking about to count. I don't even want to begin to guess which one it is.

"For lying your fat face off about that apartment of yours. The damn door doesn't even shut all the way! I went in there this morning and saw that you've moved out already. And someone frigging nailed the shit out of the entrance, by the way."

I scowl, hating that I have to explain my sorry condition to Quin. I so wanted to avoid this conversation. "I didn't move out. I'm just temporarily relocated during construction."

"What construction?"

"My door being fixed and the wall too."

"I thought you fixed the wall." She gets more comfortable on my desk and bites into the fresh muffin in her hand.

"I did. And then some ass**le broke into my apartment and punched it in again."

The muffin freezes halfway out of her mouth and crumbs fly out onto my desk as she responds. "Vat makes no fenf whatfoevah."

"In our world it doesn't, but at the Golden Legacy it makes perfect sense. Some d-bag assumed I put drugs in the hole and sealed it up, so they were going after the drugs."

She nods as understanding takes hold, swallowing the huge bite of muffin before talking again. "Ah-haaa. I get it. But why drugs? Someone like you would be more likely to put jewelry in a hole than drugs."

I shrug. "No one says they knew me. How could they? I just moved in. And maybe they thought it was jewelry, how the hell do I know? They didn't leave an explanation for me on their way out."

"So where are you staying?" she says.

Rolling my eyes to the ceiling and point straight up. "Up there."

She looks up slowly. "In the ceiling tiles?"

"No airhead, in the apartment above the garage."

She pulls her chin back. "Oh. I didn't know there were apartments up there." She looks up and examines the ceiling more closely.

"It's fine. It's only temporary."

She leaps off the desk. "I want to see it. How do I get to it?"

Panic seizes hold of me. The beans are about to be spilled and I'm not ready for the outpouring of emotion I know that will come from both of us. "Not right now!" I jump to my feet.

She narrows her eyes at me. "Something's going on. Don't try and lie. Where are you really staying?"

I sigh deeply. "I swear to all that is holy, I'm staying above the garage."

"In an apartment?"

"Yes, in an apartment. With running water and a kitchen and everything."

"Bathroom?"

"Yes! A bathroom! Can I work now?"

She crosses her arms. "No. I want to see it."

I sit back down and put my elbows on the desk, dropping my face into my hands. "You can't."

"Uh-oh." She walks over and crouches down next to my chair. "Tell Auntie Quin all about it. Come on. You know I'll harass you until you cave. Make it easier on both of us and just do it now."

I talk through my fingers. "I was staying in Rebel's brother's apartment, but he got back from jail, so I had to stay in Rebel's apartment on his couch and then things got kind of ... involved ... or something between us last night and he left me just hanging there mostly naked and it was mortifying and embarrassing and awful and I really don't want to talk about it anymore."

"Uhhhh ...," comes a male voice from the doorway, "...got anymore of those muffins left?"

I drop my forehead with a bang to the desktop. There is no way in hell I'm looking up at Mick right now. His tone tells me he heard everything. I seriously need to get a lock for that f**king door.

"No. No muffins for you," says Quin angrily.

"Harsh," says Mick.

"Go. We're having girl-talk. And next time you want to come in here, have some manners ... knock first."

"Knock?" he scoffs. "This is my office. You don't work here." Mick is offended, and I wish I cared enough to lift my head and deal with it, but I don't. He's guilty by association in my crazy brain. Little punk. Brother of the abandoner of naked girls.

"This space belongs to Teagan now, so you knock."

"Whatever," Mick says.

I wait a few seconds. "Is he gone?"

"Yes. Finally."

I lift my head and rub my face briskly over and over, trying to wipe away the red heat that's making me feel like I have a terrible sunburn.

"Soooo ... I guess that was probably a little embarrassing," says Quin.

"Ya think?" I stand and walk over to the bathroom. Rinsing my face only brings my temperature down a few degrees. It's not enough to make me feel normal again. Staring at my bloodshot eyes in the mirror, I wonder where it was that I went wrong.

"What happened exactly, though? I mean, did you guys do it or just do the bump and grind?"

"God, please, do we have to talk about this right now?"

"You have anything better to do?"

"Yes. It's called work. You should try it sometime."

"Ew, no. Work is for people who can't get scholarships."

I leave the bathroom and fall back into my chair. "Tell me about it." I scan the spreadsheet in front of me, watching the figures blur together.

"What's that?" Quin asks, leaning over to look at my screen.

I sigh heavily, realizing she's not going to leave if she thinks there are still problems to solve. At least she's stopped quizzing me about the events of last night. I grab onto the distraction like a drowning girl. "It's just some financials. Nothing to concern yourself with."

"Wow. They look pretty complicated for a garage."

I look at her sharply. "What do you know about financials?"

She rolls her eyes and points to her head. "Duh. Finance major? Ever heard of it? Do you even know me at all?"

"I'm sorry." I rub my face again. "I knew that. I'm just tired." And freaked out. And tired. And confused as shit.

"So what is all that?" she says, pointing to the screen. "Looks like the stuff you'd put in an annual report."

"Which is ...?" I wait for her to fill in the blank.

"It's a report you put out at the end of your fiscal year for shareholders. Full disclosure kind of stuff, regulated by the SEC. Not anything Rebel Wheels would bother to put together unless they were maybe applying for some serious financing."

"Oh." I look at the spreadsheet a little closer. "Yeah, I guess it does look kinda ... complicated." I'm not sure she's right about the whole annual report thing, but I do know it doesn't look like the small business financials we studied in the couple of courses I took in my sophomore year.

"They're not for this company," she says.

"No, they're not. How'd you know?"

She points to the screen. "That line-item right there. The one coded below the line."

I lean in closer to read it. "Bendeck." A shiver goes through me. "I've heard that name before."

"Why would they code it below the line?" Quin asks.

"I don't even know what that means, so how the f**k would I know?" I glare at her.

She holds up her hands in surrender. "Wow, bite my tits off why don't you, it was just a question."

I close my eyes and get a grip on my anger. "Sorry. I'm just on edge right now."

"So what is this?" she asks, pointing at the screen. "Are you taking a summer course? Is this homework you're doing on the job?"

"No." I close the laptop. "This is a set of financials my father sent me on the sly."

Her eyes bug out. "Say whaaaaat? When? He's ..." She grimaces. "He's dead, though."

"I know. He's harassing me from the grave."

"That's so-so-so-so wrong, Teag. So wrong."

"I know. And I really don't want to talk about it, so can we just leave it for now?"

"How long have you known me?" she asks, crossing her arms over her chest.

"Almost four years?" I say bleakly.

"And in all that time, have you ever seen me just let something go?"

"Ummm ... no."

"Yeah. So let's just skip the part where you whine and complain how you don't want to talk about it, and I cajole you and nag you and threaten you until you cave."

"Cajole. That's a good word."

She grins. "I know, right? I have this app on my phone that gives me a word-of-the-day. I'm expanding my horizons."

"Good for you." I grin big.

"Wipe that shit off your face and tell me," she says, going all stern on me. "Seriously. I have yoga class in a half hour."

"Since when are we doing yoga?"

"Since I saw a dimple on my ass the other day. Now spill your nasty secrets, ho, or things are going to get ugly."

I briefly consider giving it another round or two of the whining she just mentioned, but just as quickly decide not to bother. I'm too weak to fight Quin off and I don't even know if I want to anymore.

"Fine. Let's start with the Rebel fiasco..."

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

"SO WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS, you almost slept with the boss, you wanted to sleep with the boss, but the boss got you naked and then left you in the dust?" Quin gives me a pitiful look as she waits for my confirmation.

"Yes," I say, "that's pretty much it in a nutshell. And now he's in there with this chick who we saw at the club that night and she's acting like she owns his ass, and it's just depressing because she's about ten feet tall and has blonde hair and humongous boobs pressed all up in his face."

"Seriously?" Quin gets up and walks over to the door.

"Don't look!" I whisper-scream at her.

She's just about to turn the corner when the blonde comes walking in. They nearly do a chest bump before the girl squeaks and jumps to the side.

"Holy crap, warn a girl next time," says Quin, her hand on her throat.

"Watch where you're going next time," the blonde says.

"You're not ten feet tall," Quin says, eyeing her critically. "Maybe five eight, though."

The girl frowns. "I'm five nine and why the hell that matters I'll never know, nor do I want to." She walks around Quin and heads for the front door. She doesn't even acknowledge my presence.

"Bye," I say, refusing to be ignored.

She gives me a courtesy smile and pushes the door open. "Bye." And then she's gone.

"She is really pretty," says Quin, coming back over to my desk.

"Thanks," I say, slumping back into my chair, "that makes me feel loads better."

"In a super model kind of way, though."

"Oh, yeah, okay. That's much better, thanks again."

Quin rolls her eyes. "Argh, come on, you know what I mean. You're real. She's ... plastic."

"Like a Barbie doll."

"Yeah, like that." Quin brightens.

"So I'm like ... what? A scruffy teddy bear?"

"Way more cuddly, don't you think?" Quin asks, giving me a grin.

"Can we talk about something else and not the woman who's screwing my boss and latest crush?"

"Sure. Let's talk about your dad."

I scoot forward in my chair, happy for the distraction as crazy as that seems. "So he sends me this toy car which turns out to be a USB drive. And I plug it in here and bam. Financials. And memos saying that he's pissed about some shit that I see right here." I point to the screen.

Quin comes around and squints at the line I'm touching. "That's a below the line entry which is done to remove it from the regular calculations." She takes a bite of another muffin, pointing to the screen. "You have inventory right there ... if there's something fishy going on, that's another place that could be a problem. Did you see any other info about inventory?"

"What do you mean?" I'm so lost right now and it's only a little embarrassing that I'm depending on a muffin monster to clarify things for me.

"What was going on with your dad's company, like right before he died? Was he selling it, maybe?"

"No, not that I know of. But this one memo mentioned an IPO."

"Well, okay then, that's like selling the company in a way. You're selling shares to new investors, so you have to do all the financials, you know, like full disclosure stuff. But if you want to paint a very rosy picture so the shares have a high value, you can fudge the numbers a little. I mean, in theory you can, but it's pretty hard to get away with nowadays."

"Like how?"

"Well, inventory for one. You can manipulate the inventory levels and make the value better. And only someone who actually goes on-site and counts the material actually knows for sure if it's correct or not. Also if there are pensions in there, you can tweak that info. Subsidiaries that aren't performing and dragging the company down financially can be left off or manipulated. They can overstate interest coverage and change the leverage ratios of the subsidiary. That would work."

I rub my temples. "You're giving me the biggest headache of all time right now. I seriously don't know how you know all this. I think my IQ just dropped like ten points trying to understand what you just said."

"Listen, when you get scholarships, you have to get good grades or they cut you off. I had to pay very close attention in class. Besides, I like this stuff." She turns the computer to face her better. "Want to give me a copy to look at? Maybe I can find something useful in there."

I give her an expression of disgust. "There is something seriously wrong with you, first of all, and sure. Fine. Take a copy." I pull a random thumb drive out of the desk drawer that I found during my clean up and move a copy of all the documents over to it. Handing it over to her, I can't help but smile at the serious look on her face.

She takes the thumb drive and drops it into her purse as she points at the screen. "There is something seriously wrong with those financials. I'll bet you a box of muffins on it."

I shake my head. "No, I believe you. I'm getting a bad feeling about it too. Why else would my father send all that shit to me? He hardly ever even talked to me, so why would he send me all this private information about a company I have zero interest in?"

"Good question. What are you going to do about it? I mean, if I find something?" Quin asks, walking back around my desk and grabbing her purse.

"I don't know. Nothing, probably. He's dead. The company is in my step-mother's hands now, so it's over. It's her problem now."

Quin snorts. "Maybe she had him killed so she could own it." She laughs after she says it, but that doesn't stop my blood from running cold.

"That's not funny, Quinn. Seriously."

Her smile disappears. "Oh, shit. That was horrible. Why did I say that? I'm sorry." She runs around the desk and grabs me in a tight hug as her purse swings around and hits me in the back. "I'm an ass**le. I wasn't thinking. I've been watching too many movies. He's your dad, not just some CEO guy we don't know. He died way too young, but he wasn't murdered. He just ate too much saturated fat or something. Ugh, I'm an idiot."

"Yeah," I say, patting her hand. I'm not crying; I don't have any tears left. "Don't worry about it. Go to your yoga class, would you? I need to work so I don't lose this fabulous job and I can't do anything with you here."

Quin stands. "You do have a fabulous job. You're the queen of the entire office. And honestly, Tea, I don't think all is lost with that boss of yours. If you like him, fight for him. What's the worst that could happen?"

"I could become homeless?"

"Poo. You're not going to be homeless. This isn't the only job in the world."

I'm not going to say the lame, pitiful response I have on the tip of my tongue out loud, but I sure am thinking it. I've been around for over twenty years and met a lot of people from the lowest to the highest levels of society, and I've never met a guy like Rebel before.

Quin leaves and I stare at my computer screen, lost in thought. She asked what the worst thing that could happen is, and I can't stop thinking about it. My answer is that I could never get to see Rebel ever again, and as sorry as it sounds, I would rather see him every day with my bruised ego riding side-saddle than never see him again.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

I NEVER WANT TO SEE Rebel ever again. After the rest of the week goes by without a single signal from him good or bad, I'm ready to explode with self-pity. This is so not how I usually roll. I've never been a walking sack of sorry assitude like I am now; I can't even stand to be in the same room with myself. Something has got to give.

Rebel moving into Colin's apartment to be his brother's temporary roommate has only made things worse. Maybe it was supposed to be kind and chivalrous, but all it feels like is more rejection. At this point I know that no matter what he does, short of standing in front of me and getting completely naked, I'm going to take it as a bad sign. I just need to leave.

When five o'clock on Friday finally rolls around, I'm ready for a major break. I'm straightening my desk and gathering up my purse when Colin walks in. He's maybe said five words to me since I met him, so I'm a little shocked when he stands only a few feet away and starts a deep conversation out of the blue.

"So, I hear you lost your dad recently."

"Uh, yeah." I put my strap over my shoulder and jingle my keys.

"Sorry about that. I lost my mom. I know how much it sucks."

I ignore the lump in my throat. "Thanks."

"So I was going out for a drink and thought you might like to go with me. We could talk. If you want."

My mouth drops open, but words won't come out. I'm not even sure what words should come out.

"Not like a date or anything. Just to talk about your dad or whatever."

I feel like I might be walking into a trap, but he's standing there looking as sincere as a guy possibly can, and I can't help but be drawn to him. Maybe this is what Rebel was talking about when he called him Trouble.

The words fly out before I can think to stop them. "Rebel warned me to stay away from you."

Colin scowls. "Fuck him."

The smile on my face starts out small, but by the time I respond, it's blazing its glory all over the room. "Yeah, okay." I nod in respect. "Fuck Rebel. I'd love to go out for a drink. Where?"

"You can drive. Just give me a sec to clean up."

He disappears into the bathroom with a backpack over his shoulder, and the sound of running water comes through the closed door.

I sit down and fiddle around with my pen. My stomach has butterflies or something equally unsettled inside it. It feels like a bad idea to take Colin up on his offer, but logically-speaking, the misgivings make no sense. It's just one beer with a person who is nice enough to want to talk to me about my deceased father. And I know Colin's mom was important to him; Rebel told me that much.

What could go wrong with a simple conversation about people we loved who have passed away? Nothing. Nothing at all. I don't find Colin remotely attractive and I'm sure he feels the same way about me. That blonde girl is definitely more his style.

He comes out dressed in jeans and a t-shirt and his hands mostly free of engine oil. I've learned from working here that none of them can completely get rid of it. He's passably handsome, but nothing like Rebel. I hate that I'm comparing them like that. It's pitiful how Rebel is now my measure of all things guy-like.

"Ready?" he asks, gracing me with a superstar smile.

"Yep."

"Let's take your car. You can either bring me back after or I'll just walk."

"Where are we going?" I ask, following him out the door.

"Brewskies. Just a few blocks south."

Following his directions, we arrive at what I would consider a skid-row kind of place, but one that Colin knows well. He waves to different people as we enter.

The interior is really dark, the only illumination coming from neon beer signs and the lights over a couple of pool tables in the back of the room. We sit at the bar and Colin orders us each a beer after exchanging greetings and playful barbs with the grizzly bartender.

He turns to face me on the stool. "So, what's your name, where d'you come from, what's your sign, what are your goals, are you seeing anyone ...?" He grins and cocks an eyebrow up at me.

I roll my eyes. "Oh boy." I'm probably in over my head at this point, but I push through. Screw the rules and being worried. I'm going to have a beer and have some fun too. I deserve it after the week I've had.

"Okay, so my name as you know is Teagan Cross, I'm from California, I'm a virgo, and my goal is to not be homeless. Is that everything?"

"You forgot the best part."

"Oh yeah? What's that?"

"Whether you're seeing anyone."

I press my lips together, trying to figure out the best way to deal with this. "I'm not, but that's not relevant."

"Not relevant to what?" He grabs the beer that was just set on the bartop and takes a long drink. He easily drains half the mug before I even get mine to my lips.

I take a sip and grimace as it goes down before I answer. "To why we're here or to our relationship."

"What if I want to set you up with someone? I'll need to know if you're spoken for or not."

I laugh, imagining the mess he'd hook me up with. As if I couldn't find one of those on my own. "I'm pretty sure I don't want you to do that."

"Why? You think I don't have nice friends?" He finishes his beer.

I'm afraid of where this might go, so I decide being blunt is my best defense. "I thought we were here to talk about dead relatives. What happened to that?"

He signals the bartender for another drink. "Nothing. Just breaking the ice a little before we get to the heavy stuff."

I breathe a little easier with his explanation and smile. "You're seriously aware of the power you have over women, right?"

"What's this now?"

I wiggle a finger at his forehead. "Your eyebrows are all scrunched up and you're doing a good job of looking lost and innocent, but we both know it's an act." I take another swig of my beer. "Cut the crap and fess up. You're trying to work your magic on me."

He attempts to hide his grin behind his fresh beer mug. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"You're not called Trouble for no reason. Let's not play that game, okay? I'm still grieving over my dad or whatever, and I've had a hell of a week at work, and I'm just not in the mood to be some guy's meal. I'm liable to go all Fatal Attraction on the next dude who shows any interest, so trust me, you don't want to go there."

"Wow." He puts his beer down, and for the first time, I think he's really looking at me and actually seeing me. "That was a mouthful."

I take a few big gulps of my beer and burp out the carbonation. "Yeah. I'm on a hair trigger tonight. Don't piss me off."

"I like you." He grins big.

I smile back. "I like you too. As long as you're not trying to make a move on me."

He holds up his hands in surrender. "I promise, I'll keep my hands to myself. Scout's honor."

"Were you a scout?"

"Hell no."

"I didn't think so." I hold up my beer. "Here's to honesty, beer, and forgetting things that suck."

He bangs his mug against mine, making some beer spill out of both of them. "Here, here."

We both gulp down the last of our beers and slam the mugs onto the bartop, grinning and burping like fiends.

Two beers later for me and five later for him, things go from happy, giggling, goofing around smartassery to a big hairy belligerent mess, all over a single look.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

"YOUR DAD SOUNDS LIKE HE was a real dick," says Colin, his words not slurred in the least. I can't say the same for mine.

"You know ... you're right. He was a dick. He ignored me. He never listened to me. He basically told me to jus' be seen and not heard. D'you know how annoying that is?"

"I can imagine." He's answering, but I can tell I don't have his attention.

I look over my shoulder. "What? Whass over there?"

"That guy is staring at us."

I giggle. "He's probably jealous. You're here with the hottest girl in town, you know." It's not saying much considering most of the women in here look like they get paid at the lower end of the scale for BJs in the back alley, but I'm drunk enough to be proud anyway.

"No, he wants to fight." Colin sits up straighter.

I look again. "What guy? That fat guy over there?" I'm pretty sure he could just sit on Colin and that would be the end of things.

"No. The one in the corner."

I turn more fully on my stool, but I can't see the guy's face. "You know him?" As I squint to get a better look at the stranger, he turns around to almost look at the wall.

I smile at Colin. "D'ya see that? He's scared of me. I jus' looked at him and BAM, he turned away. I f**king rock. I've got this aura, you know? Like back the f**k off kind of aura. It scares people. I'm street like that."

"He's looking for trouble." Colin gets up off his stool and bumps into my legs.

I grab him by the arm and hold him back from leaving me at the bar. It almost causes me to fall off my stool. "Where are you going? You can't leave me here."

"I'll be right back."

"No!" I yell a little louder than I mean to.

At least it gets Colin's attention. His expression says he thinks I've lost my mind.

"I mean, please sit here and have another beer with me. I want to talk about dead people some more."

"In a minute." Colin pulls his arm from my claws and makes his way around the pool tables.

"Oh, fudge buckets," I say, sliding down from my perch and following him over. I take my mug with me since I paid for this round with my own money. No way am I not drinking every last drop in that glass. I stop right behind Colin, just in time to hear him throw down his challenge.

"You must not like your face much, the way you keep looking at me and my friend. You want to go or what?"

I peek over Colin's shoulder and look at the guy, adding my two cents. "I'd definitely say no to that. I've never been punched by him, but judging from those muscles," I point at his bicep with my free hand, "I'd say a face rearrangement is probably going to hurt a lot."

A hiccup flies out of my mouth without warning. I throw my hand up to my lips, wondering for a split second if I'm going to barf on Colin's back.

Nope. False alarm. Just air.

Colin acts like I'm not even there, but the guy stares right at me.

"Who is she, your keeper?" he asks.

"Ha!" I shout, imagining Colin as a wild tiger and me being a zoo keeper throwing a hunk of meat into his cage. "He is pretty wild, you're right about that. You know they call him Trouble?" I nod with my eyebrows up in my hair so he can see how serious I really am.

"Go back to the bar, Teagan," Colin says, not looking at me.

"Yeah, go back to the bar, Teabag," the stranger says.

Oh, no he did not just say that. I slam my beer down on the nearby table and try to shove Colin out of the way. "Move, Trouble, I have some ass to kick right now." The fact that this guy outweighs me by about seventy pounds doesn't bother me in the least. My anger is fueled by righteous indignation that knows no bounds. Turd baskets must die.

Colin is like a brick wall, completely immovable. He also has no problem at all with speaking for me. "Apologize to Teagan and leave," he demands. "That's your only option, man. Apologize and leave or I bust up your face."

"Yeah! Apologize and leave!" I yell over Colin's shoulder. "Or he's going to rearrange your face, and I'm going to ... rearrange your ass!" I've been possessed by a raging bull bitch. I have no idea what I'm doing, but it's freeing. I feel like I could jump off the roof of the building and fly back to work if I wanted to right now. I have a raging tiger named Trouble at my side and I can conquer the world.

The guy reaches into his back pocket and pulls something out. I hear a flick and a click and then see the flash of metal that makes my heart stop beating.

"That's a knife," I whisper in a really high, squeaky voice. Ideas of tigers and flying flee my mind. Now I just want to find the bathroom so I can pee in a toilet and not my pants.

Colin's right fist flashes out and smashes into the guy's forearm, causing him to drop the knife on the ground.

I lose track of what happens next during my escape. I turn to run and trip on a chair leg. Face planting into the floor probably should hurt more, but I've got enough adrenaline and alcohol pumping through my veins to fly me to the moon. I scramble around, trying to avoid the heavy legs and boots stomping around above me.

Before I can get away, my eye catches a glimpse of the knife. Worried that it will eventually be used against my protector, I crawl over and snatch it up, putting my gears into reverse to get away. Using the edge of one of the few tables still standing, I get to my feet.

The bartender is yelling about calling the cops, and Colin is standing to my left, huffing and puffing like a bull about to charge. The stranger is standing in his corner again, looking at my hand.

I hold up the knife, pointing it at him. "Fuck the f**k off, f**ker."

"What does that even mean?" asks Colin, frowning at me.

I wave him away with my free hand. "I meant to say back the f**k off. I had too many beers and I happen to like the word f**k a lot." I gesture with the knife. "Leave, ass basket. Don't worry about the apology, just leave."

"Give me my knife." When he sneers at me a flash of recognition hits my brain. "How do I know you?"

"Fuck that," says Colin, reaching over and taking the weapon from me. "It's mine now." He takes me by the upper arm and steers me backwards towards the bar.

I twist around trying to see the guy again, to get a fix on his face so I can figure out how I know him. He's too old to be one of my fellow students. Does he work at the university? Does he live at the Golden Legacy? I don't think I know him well. Maybe I've only seen him once. Where in the hell was it?

"You're paying for that broken chair, Trouble," says the bartender.

"Put it on my tab," Colin says, using a bar napkin to wipe some blood off his eye.

I can't stop smiling now that we're back to the bar and out of the fight club zone.

"What are you so happy about?" Colin asks me, almost growling.

"This is the most fun I've had in a long time."

He stares at me for a few seconds and then smiles. "I think we'd better start calling you Trouble, not me." He opens his mouth to say something else, but then he freezes and tilts his head. "Cops. Gotta go."

"What?" I look around as I'm being dragged to the back door. "Where are we going? I'm not going to make out with you in the bathroom, I hope you know."

"Just follow me." He pushes past some people in the back room and through an exit door painted black. We're out in an alleyway next to a big dumpster that may actually have a dead body in it, it stinks so bad.

I put my hand over my mouth and nose. "Oh my god ... what is that?"

"Come on." He brings me to the back of the alley and around a corner I didn't realize was there. We circle around, stumbling through garbage-strewn streets until we're at my car again.

"Son of a bitch!" I scream when I see one of my windows is broken.

"Aw, f**k." Colin bends over and sticks his head in the window, checking out the interior of the car. He pulls his head back out and puts his hand on my shoulder. "Don't worry about it. I'll fix it. If you had anything in there on the seats, it's gone, but otherwise it's okay."

I throw my hands up. "This is what I get for going out and having a good time. The universe is punishing me once again for trying to have a life that does not include one hundred percent suckage!"

"Fuck that. Come on." He takes my keys from my hand.

"Oh, no-no-no-no-noooo, you're not driving my car."

"Get in." He's already in the driver's seat and turning the ignition on by the time I get my feet moving. He's even brushed the glass off my seat.

I open the door and stand just outside it. "I said you're not driving."

"I don't want you to get a DUI. Just get in and I'll take you back home."

Giving up with the arguing thing, I sit in the passenger seat with my pout on. "It's not home. That hole of darkness is not home."

"Wow. That's a pretty poor attitude considering it's free."

I sigh heavily. "Well, if your brother hadn't messed everything up with his stupid naked body, maybe I wouldn't be so negative."

Colin looks at me sideways as he pulls out onto the main road. "My brother's naked body? What are you talking about?" He's laughing at me.

"Never mind. Pretend I didn't say anything."

"Listen, I get that something happened, I mean you'd have to be a stone statue not to realize there's something going on between you two, but if you want my advice ..."

"No, not really. Your advice is not needed." My face is going red with embarrassment. I had no idea I was being so obvious about Rebel at work.

"Okay. Suit yourself. But I'm just going to say that he's a really private guy. He's probably thinking all kinds of crap inside that hard head of his, but none of us will ever know what it is. He doesn't share. But don't let that get you down. Our mom broke through his shell, so I know it's doable."

"Why are you giving me relationship advice right now?" I'm not going to tell him how much he's making my heart take flight. A glimmer of hope brightens up the night and I hate that I feel lighter because of it.

He shrugs. "I don't know why I'm giving you advice. I guess I must like you. He's a good guy who needs someone to help him not be such a hardass all the time. Maybe it'd be fun to watch you whoop his ass, I don't know."

I slump down in my seat and dream of the day. "Whatever. He's not my type. He's too old."

Colin laughs. "Oh man, I would love to see you say that to him someday. He'll flip."

"I doubt that," I say. "He doesn't flip. He just stands there and stares."

"Oh, I've seen him flip out. Trust me, it ain't pretty."

I sit up, suddenly interested in the conversation. "Oh, yeah? Tell me about it."

He shakes his head. "Nah. He won't want me telling you. And I don't want to piss him off any more than I already have."

Colin pulls into the parking lot and glides into a space near the big garage door.

"Why do you piss him off? Is it on purpose?"

Colin looks at me as he turns the car off. "Maybe. Who knows? I'm a complicated guy." He grins big as he throws open the door.

Neither of us is prepared for a very angry Rebel to make his appearance at the side of the car and yank Colin out of his seat.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

"WHAT THE FUCK, MAN!" THAT'S all Colin manages to say before he's punched square in the jaw.

"Rebel!" I shriek, getting out of the car and running around the back end of it.

The two of them are scrabbling around in the gravel, their shoulders locked in some kind of wrestling move.

"Stop! What are you doing?!"

"Goddamn, it, Reb, get off me!" Colin grunts out. "What the hell's your problem, man?!"

"I got a call from Pops, Colin!" Rebel sounds angrier than I've ever heard him. I've never seen him lose his cool like this. He looks like he's ready to pummel Colin into the grave.

Colin pushes him away and dances back, putting a few feet between them. "So what?! It's not your problem!"

Rebel goes after him again, and lands a punch that sends Colin reeling backwards. "You bring her into your mess, then it becomes my problem."

Colin gains his feet back and drops his head, taking off like a bull towards Rebel's midsection. "Grrrrrraaarrr!"

The impact sends both of them towards my car where they land against the back of it, Rebel pinned by Colin's body.

Rebel starts punching his brother in the ribs and back, making Colin grunt with pain as he absorbs the shock. It appears as if Colin's plan is to bear-hug Rebel to death, but it's clearly not working.

"Would you stop!" I scream. My feet finally become un-stuck and I run over to slap at Rebel's arm and then his face.

He ducks out of my way while still delivering plenty of punishment to Colin's ribs.

Colin is sagging off Rebel, no longer able to use his body as a brick wall and his arms as vices.

"Why are you doing this?!" I yell. "Stop, you stupid ape! He didn't do anything wrong!"

Rebel stops punching his brother and stares at me. At this point Colin is so beat down, he's holding onto Rebel to keep from falling. He's slouched over and spitting blood onto the ground.

"So, you were with him?"

"Yes, I was with him." This is the stupidest question he could ask me, as far as I'm concerned. "So? What's that got to do with anything?"

Colin speaks up, his voice rough and breathless. "She wasn't with me, ass**le. She was just there having a drink, for chrissake."

Rebel pushes his brother off.

Colin stumbles back a few steps but manages to stay on his feet. He wipes the blood off his mouth and spits once more. When he lifts his head, he looks first at me and then at Rebel. "You need to control your f**king jealousy, bro, or you're going to end up in jail. Trust me, I know what I'm talking about." He shuffles over to the entrance of the building without waiting for a response and disappears inside.

I'm shaking my head in confusion and disgust. "Guys are idiots," I finally say. "Seriously. How do you survive without wandering out into traffic and killing yourselves?"

"You've been drinking." Rebel says, staring at me.

"Hell yeah, I've been drinking. That's what I do after I've had a shitty week at work. I party it up and forget all the craptastic stuff that happened. That's what normal people do, Rebel. They don't skulk around and attack people as they're getting out of their car. If you have issues with your week, I suggest you either start with a beer or take your girlfriend out on a date and then wine, dine, and sexty-nine her or whatever. Beating up your brother is not the answer to whatever your problem is."

"It's sixty-nine, not sexty-nine."

I throw my arms up. "Whatever!"

"I don't have a girlfriend, you know."

His comment takes me off-guard a little, since I fully expected him to blast me back or remain silent as usual, but I'm not going to un-mad myself just because he throws me a stupid curveball. I shrug all nonchalant and cool. "So. As if I care."

"I just don't want you to get the wrong idea about anyone."

I shrug again, harder this time. "Who cares if I do? You've already made yourself painfully clear on that whole issue, so whatever. Game over. I'm tired. Do you mind if I crash on your couch?"

"Yes, I do mind."

My jaw drops open. The nerve of him. Kicking me out when I'm ready to pee my pants. "Fine. I'll go to my apartment, then." I try to go around him to get into the driver's seat, but his hand shoots out and grabs my wrist. It stops me dead in my tracks.

"Don't go," he says quietly.

I look down at his hand and then up to his enigmatic expression. I sigh heavily. "Rebel, if I had a tire iron in my hand right now I'd klonk you over the head with it. But since I don't, could you just do me a solid and let go of my arm right now so I can get on with my shitty night?"

"I'd rather you stay here."

"But you just said ..."

"I said I minded if you crashed on my couch."

I roll my eyes in frustration. "Jesus Christ Superstar, did you do some drugs tonight while I was at the bar? Hippie flip? Trip balls? Puff the magic dragon? ... Goddamn." I throw my free hand up and let it fall and smack my side. "Speak! Tell me what the hell you're trying to say!"

He's completely cool when he answers. "I want you to stay at my place but in my bed. No more couches."

I pull my arm from his grip. "Argh! You are totally mind-fucking me right now, Rebel, and that is seriously not cool." I straighten my shoulders. "Now ... before I tell you all about yourself, I have to go pee. After that, I have to figure out what I'm going to do, which I can assure you is not going to be led on and left naked once more by you, okay? Goodbye, Rebel."

I walk-run to the door, determined not to wet my pants or say something incredibly needy and weird. I need space to figure this out and to try and get to the bottom of his psychosis. And no matter what, I have to be strong. I plan to gather all my forces and self-restraint in the potty.

I bring my cell phone with me so I can have a quick meeting with Quin. She'll know what to do. I'll listen to her, since my libido is already working overtime to convince me to take him up on his messed-up offer.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE

I SIT DOWN AND HIT the auto dial. Quin picks up on the third ring.

"Talk to me, sweet cheeks," she says. "Tell me all your secrets."

"Quin, emergency meeting alert." I don't have time to play games with her. I need to get down to business before Rebel decides I'm hiding and decides to disappear on me.

"Ooo, I like emergency meetings. Are we talking a life-or-death kind of thing or man troubles?"

"Both, because if I don't figure this out, someone's likely to get hurt, and it's not going to be me."

She scrabbles around, making me think she's getting more comfortable on her bed or something. Music goes on in the background and confirms that she's in her room. "Go. I'm ready."

"Okay, so I go out for beers with Colin after work."

She interrupts. "And Colin is...?"

"Rebel's brother. The jailbird guy who lives in the apartment next to Rebel. Anyway, we have a couple beers and then some guy is staring at us, so we get into a fight with him..."

"Whaaaat?" She interrupts again. "Are you crazy? No wait ... are you drunk?"

"Maybe. But that's immaterial." I don't feel drunk anymore. Rebel's offer seems to have sobered me up cold.

"I beg to differ, but continue."

I let out a quick breath, centering myself and getting back to my memories. They're a little fuzzy at this point. "Okay, so while Colin is whooping ass, and I'm his wingman whopping ass in a major way, I realize I know this guy who's been staring at us."

"Wait, were you whooping or whopping ass? Because there's a difference."

"He was whooping, I was whopping. There might have also been some evasive maneuvering going on. I was pretty badass."

"Who is he? The guy you were whopping and whooping on, I mean," Quin asks, her voice going low. She's totally intrigued.

"I don't know."

"You said you knew him."

"Yeah, but ... shut up. Stop trying to confuse me. I know that I know him, but I don't know how or who he is. Like I've seen him somewhere before."

"At school?"

"No. He's too old for that."

"Too old ... hmmm? Professor, maybe?"

"No. Not ... smart enough looking."

"Hmmmm ... old guy, you've seen him recently ... not at school ... not academic-looking ... is it the guy from the pawn shop or the laundry place?"

"No. Never mind, that's not important right now."

"Oh. Sorry. Maybe I should hang up and drink about six beers and then call you back. This conversation might be easier for me to follow that way."

"Quin! You are not helping me right now!"

"Why is your voice echoing all over the place? Are you in the bathroom or do we just have a bad connection?"

"Yes, I'm in the bathroom. I almost peed myself, so I had to take a potty break. This is the only place I can get any privacy."

"So, what happened next? Did you get arrested or something? Am I your one phone call? Do you need me to get you a lawyer?"

I pause to bang the phone on the side of my head a few times. The patience I need for this phone call is quickly dissipating.

"Hello?" Quin says in a louder voice. "Did you hear me? Are you still there?"

"Yes, I'm still here," I say calmly. "I'm not in jail. I'm at work. We came here after the fight to avoid the cops that were coming, and Rebel came out and just attacked Colin." I quickly lose my cool as the rest of the story is revealed. "Then he told me he wants me to sleep in his bed!"

"Holy cannoli ... do you have any idea how boring my life is compared to yours? While you were out being Lara Croft Tomb Raider, kicking ass and taking names, I was playing a Scrabble death match against my brother, and I lost. I lost, Tea. That was my night. You got wasted, whopped ass in a bar fight with evasive maneuvers, and then had one hot beefcake duel another hot beefcake over the rights to your bod. Life is so unfair."

Resting my elbows on my knees and the phone against my head, I sigh out heavily. "Quin, I need you to tell me what to do."

She pauses before answering. "Seriously?"

"Yes. Seriously. I'm lost. I don't know whether to run away as fast as I can or do the opposite. I've had too many beers and it's been too long since I've had sex, and let's face it ... I've never had it with a guy like Rebel. It's too tempting for me to think straight. I should probably walk away, right? Tell me to walk away. If you tell me to do it, I swear I'll do it."

"Okay," says Quin, using her serious tone, "let's analyze..."

She's interrupted by a banging at the bathroom door.

I panic. I don't have the advice I need yet, and I'm not ready to face reality. "Jesus, can't a girl have any privacy around here?!" I yell.

"You okay?" Rebel asks.

"Yes. I'm fine. Go away."

"Was that Rebel?" Quin asks.

"Yes," I whisper.

"Awww ... he's worried about you. That's so cute!"

I'm whispering, paranoid that he's got his ear pressed up against the door now. "Quin? Analyze. And don't let that knocking on the door affect your reasoning, either."

"Well, it has to be factored in. I mean, he cares about you, right? Or at least he's worried that you might have fallen in the toilet, so that's worth something." She takes a deep breath and continues. "Okay, so, you had a hot little moment with Rebel about a week ago, right? A little bump and grind on the couch?"

"Yes," I say, sighing in embarrassment.

"And then he basically told you he wasn't interested after."

"Yeah, pretty much. And thanks for that synopsis, by the way. That wasn't utterly degrading."

"Shut up, I just have to be sure I have it all straight. And how did he act this week?"

"Distant."

"Did you catch him looking at you at all? Did he make up stupid reasons to talk to you?"

"Maybe he looked at me once or twice when he came in to get coffee." I picture him walking through the door and do recall him looking my way. Sometimes it seemed like his gaze lingered a little longer than it should have.

"He looked at you once or twice all week, or each day?"

"Each day."

"Is that normal for him?"

"How am I supposed to know? I just started working here!"

"Fine. He's the brooding type, we get that. But is he the stalking-slash-staring type?"

"No. Definitely not."

"Okay, then, we can maybe consider that he's been regretting his decision to blow you off."

"No, we can't."

"Sure we can. A guy like him isn't going to keep coming around and making excuses to see you if he really doesn't want to see you."

I think about that for a second before answering. "I don't know whether to agree with you because it makes some kind of weird sense or not agree with you because it makes no sense and I just wish it did."

"I make sense. You should listen to me, always."

"What else? Any other great wisdom for me, Yoda?"

"I don't think you need my jedi man-skills to know that he's definitely interested. He said he wants you in his bed, right? I mean, it doesn't get any more obvious than that."

"Well, he could mean he feels bad about me being on the couch and he's offering me the bed instead. Maybe he's going to go sleep with that blonde chick or on his brother's couch forever. Maybe he's just being nice."

Quin snorts. "Please. The guy is all male. He's not being a choir-boy saint."

"You don't know that." Clinging to his ultimate rejection feels safer than just assuming he wants my body.

"Yes I doooo..."

"I'm going to ask him," I say, not really meaning it.

"Go for it. I dare you."

Dammit. Gauntlet thrown down. I've trapped myself. Funnily enough, I don't run from it or try to find a way out. Quin's dare fires me up enough to go into stupid and reckless mode.

I jump up before I can chicken out. "Fine. Hold on." I put the phone on the edge of the sink and zip up my pants, making myself presentable before opening the door. I can hear her woo-hooing faintly in the background, down by the sink.

"Rebel?"

He's sitting at my desk. Swinging the chair around, he looks at me. "Yes?"

"When you said you want me in your bed, did you mean with you in it too? Or me by myself?"

A half smile with a bitter flavor to it pulls up the edge of his mouth. "With me."

"Okay, thanks." I draw back into the bathroom and pull the door shut. My heart is hammering so hard, it's making my shirt tremble. Grabbing the phone, I try to get control of my heavy breathing. "He said he meant with him in the bed too." My voice is a strained whisper.

"Ha! I told you. Points for Yoda. Okay, so what's the plan?"

"That's what I'm calling you for, dope! You're supposed to tell me!"

"Hold on. I need to go write this in my diary ... June fifteenth ... Teagan Cross tells me I am in charge of planning her life..." She sighs with pleasure and fakes a sniff. "My little girl is finally seeing the light, finally acknowledging the one true path to happiness..."

"Which is...?" I ask, getting annoyed with her stalling.

Her voice goes all serious. "Doing what I say, of course. Duh. Okay, so here's what's going to happen. You're going to go out there, walk all sexy-like, smile in a devious way, and tell him you're ready to rock his world. You've got to totally own that shit. Work it into the ground, baby."

I roll my eyes at the sad vision she just created in my mind. "Uh, no. That's not going to happen."

"Teagan," she whines, "I have the whole thing figured out. It'll be so romantic! And you'll be so, so sexy, I promise!"

"Gah, you're totally stupid. I'm not doing that. You do it if you want with your next victim, but if you want me to follow your advice, you need to Teaganize it or I'm going to be forced to wing it."

"No! God, don't do that. Geez, talk about a four alarm fire. Okay ... just ... go out there and smile and tell him you'll do it."

"Just like that? All cut and dried like it's a business deal?"

"Sure, why not? Don't assume there're stars in his eyes. Just assume he wants to have a good time and since that's what you want too, it should work out fine, right?"

I pause, my heart hurting a little over her characterization of his motivations. "I guess."

"Ha!" she yells. "I knew it! You totally like him!"

"No, I don't." My denial sounds hollow even to my own ears.

"Yes, you totally do! You're all mopey when I talk about it being just for fun. You like him, and don't try and deny it."

"Fine. I might like him. But what's the point? We're totally not compatible."

"Bullshit. You were made for each other. He's hot, you're hot, he's smart, you're smart, he likes sex, you like sex. What more do you need?"

"How do you know he's smart?"

"Well, he owns his own business and he hired you. That shows brains."

"True. But there's more to a relationship than those things."

"Yeah, so what? If you never take him up on the offers he makes, how will you ever find out if you can even have a relationship?"

"So, you're saying I need to go sleep with him to see if it will work?"

"No, dumb-butt, I'm saying, go connect. He wants you in his bed; that means he's interested in something. Go find out what it is. If it's just sex and you can't do that, then tell him. If it's sex and then you'll see later what level it can go to, well, go with your instincts."

"But what if he breaks my heart?"

"But what if he rocks your world?"

I huff out an annoyed breath. "Quin, you're really not helping. You were supposed to talk me out of this."

"Bullshit. I just told you what to do and you're going to do it. And you'll be happy you did, too."

"Oh, yeah?"

"Yeah. Now, what are you still doing on the phone with me? You have Grade-A man meat waiting for you in the other room. Prime beef, baby. Time to chow down. Rawr, rawr."

"Ew, Quin. Just, ew."

She giggles. "Toodle-oo! I'm off to go bust out some hundred-point words in my Scrabble-off. Little bastard is totally going down. You've got me all fired up. I'm going to own that board in T minus fifteen minutes, give or take."

"Tell your bro I said hi." He's three years younger than we are but already working on senior-level math courses. Unfortunately for him, he's one of the most competitive guys we know and his sister's talents normally eclipse his in the language skills department. I'm glad I'll be missing all the shit-talking that's about to go down over there in their house.

"Tell him hi yourself. You're invited to a barbecue tomorrow. Be there or I disown you. And if all goes well with His Hotness, you can bring him to the 'cue with you."

"Fine. Later. Wish me luck." No way in hell am I bringing Rebel to her house or anywhere else. He'd probably consider it a marriage proposal or something. So not cool.

"You don't need luck, sweet cheeks. You have the goods."

"The goods?"

"Yeah, the goods. You know ... the lady garden he wants to plow, the squeeze box he wants to play his favorite tune on, the love tunnel he wants to navigate..."

"Quin, you are seriously demented. Go Scrabble yourself stupid, would you please?" I click the phone off and stick it in my back pocket without waiting for an answer. I have a hot boss just outside the door waiting to either send me to the moon or to the depths of hellish depression, depending on how the next few hours go. Might as well get to the living part of life.

Putting my hand on the doorknob, I twist it, wondering what the rest of my night will bring and whether I'm ready to deal with the fallout.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX

HE'S NOT IN THE OFFICE when I come out. There are sounds coming from the garage, so I follow them until I find Rebel crouched down by my engine again. I'm glad for his sudden interest in my car; it takes some of the pressure off the sexy part of being around him and this whole come-sleep-in-my-bed thing.

"Whatcha doin'?" I ask as I come up and stand next to him, acting as cool as a cucumber or so I hope.

He stands straight but keeps his eyes on the car. "Just verifying you have all original parts here."

I nearly have a heart attack when his arm comes up and drapes itself over my shoulders. So much for the cucumber thing.

The heaviness of the sensation is more than just the weight of his muscle and bone; it's all the things it could mean or might not mean rolled into one big, fat confusing feeling. I hate all the mystery, but I'm too much of a chicken shit to do anything about it, so I just stand there staring at my engine with his big arm on me and my heart going a mile a minute.

"Why are you doing that?" I ask, the double meaning behind my words making my face go red.

Luckily, he ignores the other meaning. "If you have all original parts, the car is worth a lot more. If you don't - if someone's swapped out some of those original factory parts for newer stuff - I'd tell you to let me go online and find original parts to replace them. Get it back to the starting point and work from there."

"I'd love to think about all that, but right now I have just about enough discretionary dough to buy a beer and that's it. But I appreciate the thought. I know you're busy with a lot of cars. You're going to have to work tomorrow and Sunday probably to deliver that GTO as promised on Monday."

"Don't remind me. Come on." He begins walking over to the stairs that will lead us to the apartment, his arm still trapping me at his side.

I follow along almost numbly. My mind is racing so fast, I don't have enough juice left in it to worry about where my feet are going and how they're actually operating without sending me to the pavement.

Are we going to sleep together? Will there be sex or is this some kind of weird slumber party thing? Does he like me? Is he just jealous because he thinks Colin made a move on me? Do I care about any of that?

It's all too much. On one hand I love that Rebel is such a closed-off person, because it allows me to avoid talking about any of this stuff with anyone but myself; but on the other hand, I hate it. I wish he'd just come out and say whatever the hell he's thinking and stop torturing me like this.

He drops his arm and gestures for me to walk up the stairs in front of him as he turns off the big lights above us. Maybe I should follow Quin's advice right now and sway my hips a little, but after one step of trying it, I decide against this very bad idea. He'll probably assume I'm drunk and make me sleep on the couch again. Better to just stick with what I know and play it safe. I clomp up the stairs with heavy steps.

We both stay quiet until we're in the apartment and the door is closed behind us.

"Do you want a drink?" he asks, moving into the kitchen.

I stand in the main room, swinging my purse nervously. "Water would be good. Thanks." I fling my purse towards an armchair and cringe a little as it hits the glass coffee table and makes a big clanging noise. "Oopsy."

As the sounds of liquid filling a glass come to my ears, I consider my next move. My fingers twist around each other in response to my awkward state of mind. I could just wait for him to do all the work and panic the entire time as I guess what his next move might be, or I could take a step myself; then I'd have the upper hand. But my feet seem to have become glued to the carpet. My brain tells my legs to move forward, but it's just not going to happen.

Rebel comes out of the kitchen with one glass in his hand. He gives it to me and then stands there.

I raise the glass to my lips, taking four tiny swallows before pausing. "Aren't you going to have any?" It's more than weird having him stare at me like this. What if I choke mid-gulp and spray his entire chest with a drool-water mix? Yeah, definite turn-off.

I lower the glass and look around for a place to put it. My frozen legs are suddenly a big problem. My hand is trembling enough that I can see it moving the surface of the water.

"I'm not thirsty," he says.

I nod. "Makes sense. Heh-heh." Oh, God, that was stupid! Say something cool! Keep the conversation flowing! "You'd probably only want a glass of water if you were thirsty. I mean, you could drink anyway, but then you'd have to get up and go to the bathroom in the middle of the night and that's a pain." Gah! Shut up! Diarrhea of the mouth alert! Bail out! Bail out!

"Do you want to sit down?" he asks, gesturing towards the couch.

I give him a crooked smile. "I'd love to, but I can't."

"Why not?" He frowns at me in confusion.

"Because my feet and legs don't seem to want to cooperate right now." I sigh out heavily as I realize what needs to happen. "Listen, Rebel, I have to just get something off my chest because if I don't, I'm afraid my entire body is just going to go haywire and then who knows what'll happen next. I could end up burning the whole place to the ground."

"Okay. Shoot."

I look to the floor and then the ceiling, trying to gather my mojo. My head is spinning suddenly and I'm not sure if it's residual beer effects or my blood pressure about to redline. But I take a deep breath and start anyway. Might as well get this party started ... or ended, as the case may be.

"You and I had a moment on that couch like a week ago, and to say it ended badly would be a massive understatement."

He opens up his mouth, but I hold up my hand to keep him from responding.

"And it's cool with me, believe me. I got over it. I've never been left high and dry like that before, but whatever. Every ego needs a taking down once in a while, right?"

"It wasn't like that."

"Shhh, let me finish. So ... I go out for beers with Colin tonight after being ignored by you all week, and suddenly you're all up in his face with angry man stuff and then you invite me to sleep in your bed." I point to his chest. "You ... are a confusing person. That's just a fact."

I use my accusing finger to twirl some of my hair around, trying to ease myself through the embarrassment of putting my shit out there for him to examine and do whatever he wants with.

"I honestly don't know what the hell you're thinking, Rebel, because you never say anything about anything, and I don't know what you want." I've got eyes on the ceiling, the floor, the walls ... anywhere but on him. "But whatever it is, I need this job and I can't afford to lose it. So if you're going to fire me, you know ... I'll do whatever I can, short of booty sex, to keep it. But I hope that's not what this is about. I really do."

My heart is aching now. As my mouth was running off without my brain, something came out I hadn't considered. Maybe this is one of those sex for work exchanges. Maybe that's all he meant when he invited me into his bed.

I grit my teeth as I wait for his response, totally preparing myself for the worst. Finally looking at his face and finding his expression so stern, it feels like the worst case scenario is in my very near future. Seconds tick by and turn into a minute. We don't even get into the second one before I'm folding.

"Jesus, would you please say something?"

"You really think I'd do that?" he says suddenly. "Ask you for sex to keep your job?"

I shrug. "How am I supposed to know?" Frustration takes over my tone. "You come on all strong and sexy one day, then you leave me cold the next and avoid me for a whole week ... and then suddenly act like a jealous turd and ask me to sleep in your bed! You put your arm around me, which I liked a lot by the way so you totally suck if you were just playing me, and now here you are getting all mad again. Hello! Frustration! Welcome to my world!"

The anger in his face eases off a notch. "You want me to talk more?"

Throwing my arms up I give a half-choke, half-scream. "Deeerg! ... Yes!" I stare at him, arms stiff by my sides. "I'll donate ten percent of every paycheck to the Rebel Learns to Share fund if that's what it'll take."

"I've never been much of a talker. I'm more of a thinker."

"Thinking without talking is selfish."

He frowns. "Says who?"

"Says the girl who really wants to know what you're thinking but also the girl who you're withholding vital information from."

He holds out his hand. "Come sit with me."

I point to my feet. "They aren't moving. I'd like for them to, but I have some sort of temporary paralysis."

Without a word, he steps over and lifts me up in his arms like a giant baby, carrying me over to the couch and setting me down next to him. He stares at the television in front of us.

"I don't mean to be selfish with my words," he finally says.

"I know. And I don't mean to make you feel bad about being shy."

"I'm not shy. It's just that I don't like to waste words, I guess." He looks over at me, and I see a tortured expression there.

Guilt settles like a cloak over my shoulders. I've lived enough years with my father to know what it feels like to be criticized for just being myself. I hate that I've become that man.

My tone softens. "Just feel free to go ahead and ignore most of what I said tonight, okay? You're fine exactly how you are. I didn't mean any of it."

"No, you're right. About most of it, anyway." He sighs and turns his head to more fully face me. "I sent you a lot of mixed signals this week, and that wasn't fair."

A tentative smile moves across my face, but I don't allow myself to get too happy over what he's saying. There's another shoe that's going to drop here somewhere. I just have to wait for it.

He turns back towards the television and scrubs his hands through his hair. "Frustrating."

"Sorry."

He drops his hands and looks at me again. "No, not you. Me. I'm frustrated with myself."

"Why?" Here it comes. Truth serum. Whatever you do, Teagan, don't cry.

"I didn't want you to work here."

Pain slices through my chest. I knew it. I forced him. He hates me.

"As soon as I saw you, I knew you were going to be trouble."

Double the pain. Double the regret. Time to double down on the strength needed to not cry. Steady...

"There's just something about you that twists me up inside. Makes me want to be different."

The pain eases up a tad. "What does that mean?"

His lips press together like he's going to stop sharing, but he surprises me by answering. "Do you ever want to step outside who you are, who you've been your whole life, and just be someone else for a day or a week?"

"No, not really. I am who I am."

"Yes. You're someone who can talk about what's on her mind. You feel things. You go balls out and don't worry about the consequences. I'd like to be that kind of person once in a while."

"Instead you're ...?" I love that he's talking and don't want him to stop. It's a sad story he's telling, but at least it's a story.

"I'm the guy who holds it together. The person who takes all the worry for everyone else and holds it in his arms. I don't have the luxury to just say and do whatever I want."

My throat closes up as tears threaten. I had made this whole thing about my feelings and my libido, never once considering that he had issues to deal with that might be interfering. "I'm sorry," I finally say, my voice rough.

"Why are you sorry?"

"I just ... I unloaded on you and that was really unfair. I should have known you have shit going on that was important too."

He shakes his head. "No, I'm not saying this as an excuse. There is no excuse for what I did. I like you, Teagan." He reaches out and takes my hand. "I mean, I like you. You know? But I haven't had time or space in my life for anything like that in a long time. Maybe ever. So I just tried to block it out and make it go away."

"It ... you mean me." The ache comes again. I'm afraid my heart isn't going to be able to take much more of these stabbing pains before it just quits working altogether. Why did I ever want him to start talking? Totally bad idea.

"I mean everything you represent." He sighs loudly. "You're not like a regular girl."

I snort as a bitter laugh bubbles up to the surface. "Tell me about it." Weirdo from the word go. That's what he's thinking. I feel so f**ked up right now, I just want to go lock myself in the bathroom again.

"I'm not a monk. I'm not saying I've shut myself away from women all my life. I'm saying I've kept myself from getting involved with anyone special."

At the word special my head comes up. "Special?"

"Yes. That's what I'm trying to say. When you came in that first day, I knew you were special. When I saw you at the club later, it hit me again. It's why I kept your license, you know."

My heart flips over at that little revelation. I almost don't believe it. The stone-cold bouncer statue at the door was sweating me like I was sweating him? No way. "I thought you said trouble. I was trouble. And how does keeping my license figure into the whole thing?"

"Trouble. Special. Same difference." He shakes his head. "I don't know what I was thinking when I kept it. Maybe I saw it as insurance that I'd see you again. I was asking for trouble. Instead, I got something special."

"I'll bet when I cleaned your office for free you were thinking I was special, all right." I'm being sarcastic. When he says special now, I'm thinking short bus.

"Well, that was special too, but in a different way." He smiles at me, and the only thing I can think to do is punch him, so I go ahead and indulge my baser emotions and do just that.

His hand flies up and grabs my fist in mid-air. He holds it there between us for a few seconds before slowly moving it to his mouth and kissing it.

My insides go all gooey as our fingers weave together and our hands move to rest on the couch between us. I can't believe I almost hit him. Now all I want to do is sexty-nine him.

"Teagan, I can't promise you anything. I work seven days a week to keep this business afloat and my brothers out of trouble. I don't always succeed at that last part, but I'll go straight to hell trying. I should probably tell you to pack your things up and go because that would be better for you, but I can't."

He pushes our hands firmly into the couch for a couple seconds and then lets them go slack again. "I want you here. I miss you when you're gone." He drops his gaze to the couch. "And I'm not proud to say that I get jealous when I think about you with another guy." He looks at me to deliver his coup de grace. "So I guess you could call me selfish again because I'm asking you to stay, even though it's very possible this isn't going to end well."

My heart is spasming and tears are very near the surface. He's said way too much and not enough. I open my mouth to say something, but nothing will come out. We've had a complete role reversal here and the irony is not lost on me one bit. Oh, how the mighty blabbermouth has fallen.

Our eyes meet and we stare at each other for a few seconds. And then my body finally saves the day by going into auto-pilot. I lean towards him at the same time as he leans towards me, and our lips meet in the middle.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN

A SENSE OF DEJA VU threatens to overwhelm me as I feel his hard body pressing into mine, but I refuse to let it take over and ruin the moment. I will not think about what happened the last time I was in this position with him.

Rebel's hands slide down my arms and then move to my ribcage. His fingers span both my sides, making me feel tiny and controlled by this giant man. I'm loving every second of it.

I squeak in surprise when he lifts me up and puts me on his lap, but I quickly adjust my legs so I have one on either side of him. We don't stop kissing the entire time. I cannot get enough of his lips and tongue or the feeling of his bulge pushing into my soft parts.

A moan escapes when he puts his hand on my neck and on my lower back as he pulls me deeper into his kisses. I press against him but it's not enough. I can't get closer or feel him through my clothes to get any satisfaction. All I manage to do is ramp up my frustration several more notches.

Things are moving much faster this time than the last. Where before I shivered as his hands slowly slid across my skin, tonight I'm writhing as they grab and massage everywhere, and his arms wrap around me like steel bands. Some kind of animal madness is taking me over, making me want to devour him.

My world tilts when he stands and takes me with him. I cling to him like a koala bear as he strides across the room.

"Where are we going?" I ask breathlessly, finally taking a break from kissing him. I know the answer to my question, but I still want to hear him say it. I can barely see his face in the light coming into the windows. His expression is dead serious and he looks almost scary. I'm so glad I'm on his good side and not the bad one. A shiver of expectation runs up my spine knowing this great big beast of a man is about to f**k me senseless.

"To bed," he says, grabbing my ass with both hands and squeezing. It opens me up and makes me want to grind into him, but I can't because I'm floating above the floor trying not to fall.

He doesn't bother turning on the light and then we're falling.

I scream a second before we hit the soft bed on our sides and a poof of air rises up from the covers.

Rebel detaches himself from me long enough to pull his shirt over his head before he's all over me again.

I love the feel of his scratchy face against the tender skin of my cheeks and then my neck and chest. He's all man and probably way more than I can handle, but right now I'm going to try and forget all about that.

My reasoning mind tries to turn on and have an internal discussion with the rest of my brain about whether this is a good idea, but I tamp it down and force it to fall into a coma. I am not going to screw this up by thinking about it; I'm just going to live in the moment and deal with the fallout later. Rebel hasn't promised me anything but a good screw at this point, and that's all I need to worry about right now.

All I can focus on is getting naked and feeling his skin against mine, which is a good thing, since he's moving faster than I have time to process.

He pushes my shirt up to get to my br**sts and I help him pull it over my head. My lacy bra comes off with one flick of his fingers, and the cool air combined with his hands on me make my ni**les go hard. They actually ache with need. I can already almost imagine what it will feel like to have his mouth on me, and it's making me crazy with anticipation.

Luckily, I don't have to wait long. Before my bra hits the ground, he has his mouth first on one breast and then the other, sucking, licking and even nipping as his hands massage and squeeze them into peaks.

I growl with excitement as he pinches my nipple with one hand and his lips come up to my mouth again. I can taste the salt he's pulled from my skin. I don't even realize he's working on my pants with his free hand until they're halfway off my hips.

"You move fast," I mumble against his mouth.

His hand leaves my pants and goes still over me. "Is that bad?" His voice is strong, but I know with all my heart he'll stop right now if I tell him to.

I take his hand in mine and put it back on my pants, using it to push the waistband down again. "No. It's good. Hurry up with that hurrying up, would you?"

He growls low in his throat and then stands up all of a sudden. With two yanks, he has my pants off and then my underwear too. I hear them drop to the floor across the room.

"Hey, no fair! You're still dressed."

He's standing at the edge of the bed looking down at me, his wide muscular chest barely visible in the dark room. He's a giant, hulking figure of a man and maybe I should be scared that he's almost twice my size and about to hammer me into the mattress, but I'm not. I've been waiting for this for a week. Maybe since the first time I laid eyes on him. Maybe my whole life, who knows. So far he seems like a seriously sexy dream come true. I pray the reality will outshine my wildest dreams.

Sitting up, I grab the waistband of his jeans. Making quick work of getting the button and zipper undone, I push the thick denim down and take his heavy dick in my hand. It's like warm steel with a velvet-soft cover, restless in my hand the way it keeps jerking up. I slide my hand up and down it experimentally but only get a few strokes in before he's pushing me onto my back again.

After putting a condom on in record time, he crawls up to hover over me. "You ready for me?" he asks.

I open my lips to respond, but I'm not quick enough. Without waiting for my answer, he puts his hand between my legs and slides a finger into my folds, immediately stopping whatever words were going to come out of my mouth.

I gasp with his unexpected touch and then squirm as his fingers and the palm of his hand start doing something to me that I've never felt before.

"Oh, God ..." It's the best I can do. My brain is officially mush. Everything is slippery and hot under his hand, and I have an ache inside me that I know only he can soothe. If he leaves me hanging again, I'm liable to kill him with my bare hands. "Rebel, please..."

"Please what?" he asks, circling his fingertip over my hard nub.

My hips cannot sit still. The more he does whatever it is he's doing, the more I want to press myself up against him. "Please... finish this."

"How do you want me to do it?" he whispers, his face closer to mine, his hand still between us. Now he's using the head of his dick to rub me down there.

Every time I push up to get near him, to try and bring him inside me, he draws away. It's making me crazy. I'm freaking out. I have no idea what he wants from me, but I'm getting closer and closer to something that's overtaking my good sense. Eloquent words and fancy phrases take a back seat to pure desire, the need to be fulfilled no longer deniable.

It's like he knows I'm standing here on the edge and he's taunting me into jumping. He's evil. "Say it," he urges, his tone almost threatening. All it does is make me hotter.

I cling to his shoulders as I arch up to meet him. I'm whimpering and moaning with the sensations that are coming from my center. I lift my hips once more, trying to get him closer to me.

"Say what?" I finally gasp out when I cannot get close enough to him to ease the ache.

"Tell me what you want." The head of his dick leaves me and then I'm suddenly all alone down there. It's maddening. No way am I getting this close and getting left behind again. No f**king way.

I grab his shoulders and dig my nails in. My eyes fly open, the cold air between us making me think that I'm about to lose this amazing sensation that's been building. I panic. He wants to know what I want and I only know one way to say it.

"I want you to take that dick of yours and f**k me with it! Jesus!" The words are gone and I can't take them back, but I only have about one second of humiliation to batter the regret-center of my brain before he takes over. Apparently, he likes it when I talk stupid and dirty.

His hand expertly guides his hardness to my opening, and then the great weight of his body pushes it forward. He buries himself into me in one long, smooth stroke.

I gasp with surprise, fear, and at last ... pleasure.

"Oh my god," I whisper, my whole body going into tremors.

"Oh, babe...," he whispers, slowly withdrawing and then plunging in again.

I don't know how it is two words can have such an effect, but they do. My heart swells to twice its size and a ringing starts in my ears. He called me babe. Warmth spreads out from there and turns me into a puddle of melted goo. I can't tell where I stop and he starts. The idea of two people becoming one always sounded corny to me before; now ... I know exactly what it means.

Our bodies move in perfect rhythm, and we're moaning together. Sweat builds between us and the scent of our sex surrounds the bed. I never want to leave here. I always want to be in this place, under Rebel's heavy body and smelling the two of us together.

I angle my hips to greet him, to take more of him in, to get the full benefit of his impossible length and width. Whatever heat he'd built in me before with his fingers is now back full force, but it has the added sensation of his hardness stretching me big time. I could get so used to this.

I pray he doesn't ignore me next week, otherwise, I'm pretty sure I'll be arrested for assault and battery. I will so kick his ass if he doesn't do this to me at least ten more times.

And then all thoughts of him ignoring me disappear. He's kissing me with a strange kind of desperation - strange because he's always so in control, but right now I know he's losing it - and his rhythm has picked up.

Our tongues tangle together and his hot breath washes over me as he's grinding his body into mine.

I've lost touch with reality. Reality sucks anyway, so I welcome this oblivion with open arms. I'm going to stay here in this giant cloud of slowly building heat for hours and hours and hours. Maybe days. It's nice here. It's hot here. It's ... it's ... Oh shit.

I grip Rebel around his muscled back with every ounce of strength I have left, as waves of orgasmic pulses surge through the place where we're connected and sliding together. Words of pure abandon fly out of my mouth too fast for me to stop them. "Aaaahhhhh, Rebeeelllllll!"

I'm blindsided by the rush of emotion and sensations that are coming from my core. Bucking up against him, I'm completely out of control. Only one thing is driving me now; I just need to get this feeling out of me and save myself from drowning in madness.

He grunts and his body starts jerking over me. His dick pulses as he comes. He pushes into me and I lose whatever was left of my sanity.

Something inside me snaps and I fall over the precipice. I can't think straight or reason or even care about what's happening anymore. I scream over and over, riding wave after wave of orgasm until my entire body is just one big empty shell.

When he finally goes still against me and my hips stop jerking around in an effort to rid myself of the energy Rebel created inside me, I begin to cry. I have no idea why, because I'm the farthest thing from sad a girl could possibly be, but that doesn't stop the great big sobs from wracking my body.

Rebel rains small kisses down all over my face. My entire body trembles as he holds me tight and murmurs nothing that makes any sense in my ear.

I don't know how long it takes me to calm down, but it feels like forever. When I've finally gotten a grip on my ridiculous reaction, Rebel stops the kissing parade.

"You okay?" he asks, still hovering over me.

"Yeah," I say, hiccuping. "Just a little devastated, that's all. Don't mind me." I use the back of my hand to wipe the tears from the side of my face.

I can tell by the tone of his voice that he's smiling. "You liked it."

I reach around and pinch his bare butt. "Shut up." My face burns red.

He leans down and licks my earlobe, his words tickling the delicate hairs on my neck and ear. "Say it."

I squirm underneath him, feeling both embarrassed and frisky over his challenge. "No."

He pushes into me, and it's then that I realize he's getting hard again.

"Yessss ...," he whispers, kissing my neck and then nipping it.

I put my hands on his chest and push. With every ounce of strength I have, I only manage to move him about an inch. I'm not exactly panicked, but I feel like I'm out of my league. "You're getting hard again!" My voice sounds like a cartoon character's, it's so high.

He pushes into me again. "Is that a problem? I thought you liked it last time." His tone is cocky, turning me on all over again.

I squirm to get away, but all that does is brush my sensitive parts up against his body and remind me how much he's filling me right now. It has the opposite effect it probably should; instead of wanting to get away from him, I want to go for round two.

"You need another condom," I say, my breath coming out a little too fast. This is my brain's last-ditch effort to walk away with any pride intact. If he keeps pushing my buttons, I'm liable to beg.

He grunts and without warning, quickly pulls out of me, and flops over onto his back. He's rolling over and off the bed, reaching into his side table before I realize what's going on.

The cold air on my sweaty body wakes me up out of my sex-stupor. Panic seizes me as I realize what we've just done. I'm exposed. Out there. Lying on sweaty sheets below my boss. My boss! Gah, and I cried like a lunatic too!

I roll over and scramble for the edge of the bed. I almost make my escape too, but then the bed bounces me up and the giant beast's hands are on me, dragging me back.

"Ahhhh!" I squeal, wiggling around, unable to get enough leverage to push him off me.

"Where do you think you're going?" he asks.

I laugh loudly, either out of joy or panic, I'm not sure. I wasn't expecting to hear that playful tone in his voice, so it's thrown me off. I don't know which end of my world is up anymore. Stay or go? Fuck or run? Quick! Decide!

"Go away!" I yell, pushing on him.

He crawls up higher on my body and nuzzles my neck, pinning me to the bed and completely ignoring my freak-out. "No." Bite, nibble, lick. "I want to make love to you again."

Goosebumps break out all over my skin as his hot breath crawls over my neck. "Make love?" I say, giggling. All the struggle and fight flees my body and my mind. How can I possibly think about leaving this guy right now? I might be stupid, but I'm not epic stupid.

"What's so funny?" He moves down to kiss my br**sts. Delicate licks mixed with cool air make them tingle.

My response isn't very firm; there's too much breathlessness mixed in with the words to give them any oomph. "I've never been made love to before, ever. That's like ... old school."

"Oh yeah?" He slides down lower, kissing my belly. "You calling me old?"

"No ... don't be ridic ... what are you doing?" I ask, placing my hands on the sides of his head, trying but failing to keep my hips still. My pulse quickens and my breath is coming in shallow gasps. His mouth is only inches from my most sensitive spot. Oh, God.

His hair is spiky and his head is as hard as a rock, but he's using only the softest of touches to light my body on fire all over again. The difference between the hard and the soft and the knowledge that this giant beast of a man can be so dangerous but gentle is intoxicating.

"I guess I'm going to make love to you for the first time in your life." And then his lips and tongue are between my legs and I'm moaning loudly.

My hands are still on his head and I can feel him moving between my legs. It's too much. Too much. My hips roll and buck as tiny sensations spark up into me from where his mouth is moving. My reaction is uncontrollable. It's automatic, strong, out of my hands. Not only is it wild, but it's somehow freeing. I'm no longer afraid or embarrassed about what my body is doing or what my heart is feeling. And I don't care if the whole damn neighborhood hears me at this point, either. I cannot keep these emotions in check, and I don't want to try anymore. Just for tonight, just for now, I'm going to let go and live in the moment. Fuck the consequences. I'll deal with those tomorrow.

I grab the sheets on either side of me and twist them into knots as I cry out his name and fall willingly into the abyss.

CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT

I'M DOING MY BEST TO stand next to Quin's family barbecue grill and appear completely unconcerned, but it's impossible. My boss and hot sexy loverboy is across the lawn talking to one of Quin's brothers, looking more gorgeous than a man should be allowed to be. I resist the urge to push my boobs up in my bra to better display my meager cle**age.

"Man, you've got it bad," Quin says, sipping a cup of purple punch. Her mom's mad over making sherbet drinks no matter what the event.

I watch her out of the corner of my eye while also trying to act like I'm not staring at Rebel.

"Hello?" Quin says, giving up on wrangling a floating berry off the surface of her drink with her tongue in favor of harassing me. "Earth to Teagan? Are you in there?"

"What?" I give her my full attention, my vision a little fuzzy at first from shifting focus and too much punch. This murky purple concoction is not a kid's-birthday-party version. "I'm fine. I'm cool. What's up?"

She huffs out annoyed air. "I just told you, like eighteen times ... you know that girl in our dorm, Alissa? She's pregnant. Can you believe that? She's not saying who the father is."

I frown, trying to conjure a picture of the girl from my memories. "Alissa?"

"Yeah. She lived across the hall from you for the last year. Alissa." Quin's tapping her toe and the sound is making me want to slap her.

I remember the girl now. She's not the type I would have expected to get preggers out of wedlock. "Oh, yeah. Alissa. Pregnant, huh? Hmmm..." I go back to staring at Rebel. He catches my eye and one side of his mouth goes up just the slightest bit. My heart does a double back flip with a triple axel thrown in for good measure. God, he is so frigging hot. And now I know what he looks like naked ... and he had his tongue in my ...

Quin's shrill accusatory tone busts right into my fantasy, shattering it into a million tiny pieces. "Jesus H Christmas on a kabob, you are sick, you know that? Love sick. One orgasm and he owns you. You should be ashamed of yourself."

I grab her by the arm and drag her behind the grill. "Shut up, would you? You want the whole family to know my business? And for the record, it wasn't just one orgasm." I battle to stay serious and stern with her.

She grins like a lion must when it has its prey trapped. "Oh, yeah? More than one? Like how many more? Do tell..."

I roll my eyes, hating that I stepped right into that one. "Lots more. Let's leave it at that, shall we?"

"More than I can count on one hand or two?"

"It was only one night," I say, trying to distract her from counting. I try to see Rebel from my new spot on the lawn, but there's too much smoke coming from the open grill between us.

"There are at least eight hours in a night. With rest in between, you could probably manage ..." She rolls her eyes heavenward as she calculates and then drops her gaze to my face. "Five. I'm going with five." She smiles all devious-like as she waits for my reaction.

I try to keep a straight face, but I can't. My serious expression crumbles, the shit-eating grin permanently plastered to my stupid face.

"I knew it!" she squeals. "Holy shit, your hootch must be seriously sore."

I slap her and make her bawk with surprise. She sounds like a deranged chicken and has to dance to the side to keep her spilling punch from staining her dress.

"Ow! That hurt, beast master. Back off." She rubs her arm and tries to act mad at me.

"Beast master? That's a new one." I take a sip of my punch. My glass is mostly empty, but I act like it's not. I'm a total wienie, hiding behind empty plastic.

She shrugs. "Well, since you've managed to tame the beast over there, it seems appropriate."

I pull the cup away and give up on my charade. I don't know why I bother to hide from Quin anyway. She always ignores my attempts. "Whatever. Listen, just don't say anything to anyone. He's a really private person and so am I and ... well, you know what I'm saying."

She nods slowly, looking off into the distance. "Yeah. I get it. You don't want all those lame college guys sniffing around once they hear about your mad BJ skills and older man thing. Smart girl. Better to keep it on the down low."

I smack her again. "Shut up, Quin! I'm serious!"

She's back to smiling like a fool. "I'm only kidding. Geez, get a funny bone, would ya? Anyway, tell me ... was it awesome? It must have been. You look seriously ill with something. Is it love or just serious lust?"

"It must be lust," I say, staring at him through the smoke. Love would be too much too soon. I'm okay with lust for now. Lust is goooooood. The smell of hamburgers makes my stomach grumble.

Quin's dad walks over and throws something else on the fire that causes it to sizzle.

As Quin opens her mouth to say something, a giant flame blasts out of the sides of the barbecue. Both of us scream and jump back as more fire comes out in our direction. It's spewing out of every crack and crevice, and I duck a little, wondering if I'm about to be covered in exploding 'cue shrapnel.

For some reason the idea of being coated in burns and hamburger bits is humorous. Rebel finds me clinging to Quin near the fence, both of us laughing so hard we have to cross our legs to keep from peeing.

"You okay?" he asks, putting his hand on my upper arm.

His touch sobers me up instantly. "Yeah, I'm good. Just got a little freaked out over the flames almost taking my eyebrows off."

"Sorry 'bout that," Quin's dad says, peering over the top of the grill. "Little bit of grease in those sausages, I guess."

"Just a little? Jesus, Dad," Quin says, combing her hair with her fingers. She scowls when she takes a whiff of one of her curls. "Ugh. Now I smell like burned pig fat. Way to go, Dad."

"Sorry, princess. Didn't get ya, did I?" He peers at us through the smoke.

She tosses her hair over her shoulder. "No, I'm fine. I just have to wash my hair again." She leans in towards me. "Seriously though ... do I still have delicately arched, perfectly plucked brows? The kind that make women weep with jealousy and men go sex-crazed for my body?"

I squint as I examine her forehead. "I think you got a few hairs sizzled off, actually."

One loud Eep! and she's out of there. I can't help but laugh all over again.

"That's cruel," Rebel says, but he's smiling too.

"She deserves it. She's been over here giving me the third degree." I straighten up, unable to keep from going all light-headed again with his arm sliding around to rest on my waist. My face goes hot with memories.

"About what?"

I roll my eyes, trying to play off my reaction and act like I'm completely cool like him. "What do you think? Stop playing dumb." I play-push him away and he lets his hand slide off me. I instantly regret my decision to pretend like I didn't want him there.

"I had a great time with you last night," he says simply, stunning me with his straight-to-the-point self.

I thought my face couldn't possibly get redder, but I was wrong. It could actually be purple at this point, considering the amount of sweat that's pouring down my back. "Me too. With you, I mean. I had fun with you." Gah! Not cool! Get it together!

"Want to do it again?" he asks.

I laugh at his boldness. Before I thought he was shy, but I was wrong. There's a big difference between being timid and being very selective with words. And there's definitely something to be said for a man who chooses his words wisely.

"Maybe."

That damn barbecue could blow up right now and remove all my body hair and I'd still be standing here grinning.

He moves closer and pulls me up against him. "How about tonight?" His head dips down and I feel his lips on my neck.

My ni**les go hard under my tank top. "Stop," I whisper, looking around to see if anyone's watching. Luckily we have a helluva smokescreen, thanks to Quin's dad.

He lifts his head. "Really?"

"No. Yes. No."

His smile is stunning. It's like the sun just blasted me full-force right in the face, minus the heat. I go gah-gah over the effect, and my tongue comes out to lick my suddenly dry lips.

"I'll take that as a yes." He presses his mouth to mine and I let the sensations wash over me. We stand there making out like we're all alone until reality comes crashing in.

"Get a room." Quin's youngest brother is giggling with his friends off to our left. I guess the smokescreen isn't as awesome as I thought it was.

Rebel pulls his mouth away but hugs me tight, whispering in my ear. "Raincheck. You're mine later."

I hug him tight around the neck, burying my face into his shoulder. "I'm yours now."

My arms freeze and my body goes tense. I'm embarrassed that something sounding very much like a pledge just slipped out like that. I meant to play around with him and be all sexy, but now it's like I've asked him to marry me or something. I hang on like a leech because I'm afraid to see the look on his face. I wait for his withdrawal.

But instead of letting me go, he squeezes me around the middle a little tighter and lifts me up off my feet. "You make me really happy." His whisper comes into my ear and spreads warmth throughout my entire body.

As soon as the words are out of his mouth, my heart settles down. Maybe I haven't screwed everything up by being a complete lovesick idiot. Maybe he likes me back as much as I like him. Maybe, maybe, maybe...

"All right, all right, break it up," Quin says, coming back over. "Defcon five averted, my eyebrows are as perfect as they ever were. Tea, you either need to get some serious glasses or kiss my ass for saying that."

Rebel puts me down, and I feign innocence. "Saying what?"

She rolls her eyes and stops in front of me, hands on hips. "Not to change the subject or anything, but I looked at those financials your dad sent you." She snags my cup out of my hand and then stares down inside it, disappointed to find it empty.

My mood immediately deflates. "Way to bring me back down to earth." I look around, trying to spot the punch bowl. I seriously need a refill.

"Sorry, but it needs to be said. There's some serious shit in that stuff from the thumb drive."

"Serious as in ..." Rebel waits for the answer to his question as I chew my lip. I'm not sure I want to know what she found. Would it be rude to leave them standing there to get more alcohol?

"Serious as in book-cooking, serious. Like Betty Crocker of the accounting world, next-level bullshit serious. And I read the memos he had in there, too." She lowers her voice. "Want to know what I think?" She looks first at Rebel and then at me.

"Yes," he says.

"No," I say at the same time.

She puts her hands on her hips again, knocking the cup out of her own hand in the process. I watch it fall to the ground and keep my eyes glued to it. I cannot look at Quin right now, and I know for a fact I don't want to hear what she's about to say.

"Teagan, why don't you want to know? What's wrong with you? It's not like you to hide from things like this."

I'm too mad and confused to answer. I don't know what to say. I can't look at her.

"It's her father," Rebel says.

In that one small sentence, he sums everything up pretty nicely. My chest feels not quite so full and heavy as I realize that this is the real reason I don't want to know. I don't want to know why the man who ignored me most of his life and treated me as an afterthought suddenly decided to entrust something that was obviously so important to my safekeeping. I finally look up.

"Yeah, but that's why she needs to know." Quin takes me by the hand. "Come into my room. I want to show you some things."

I dig my heels in, but she yanks on me pretty hard. "Stop being a pu**y, Tea."

"Go on. I'll wait here," Rebel says.

"You come too," I say, hating how weak I sound.

"No, you go and you can tell me after if you want." He walks away and goes over to where the beers are waiting on ice in the cooler.

I glare at Quin as she tries to drag me off again.

"Don't you dare look at me like that," she says, changing positions so she can drag me by my waist.

I stop trying to resist as much. I still don't want to have my eyes opened to my father's world, but now that Rebel is pretty much expecting me to woman-up, I feel obligated. Damn him for making me be a grown-up. Where's an asscar driving boyfriend when you need one?

Less than a minute later I'm sitting in front of Quin's computer while she flicks between different pages and points to different things. I become sicker and sicker with every piece of her stupid slide show.

"This is like, hardcore, man. See this? If you just look at the balance sheet, it all looks fine. But when you line it up with this memo from your dad, you see that this expense should not have been capitalized like a long-term investment would be."

"So?" She's speaking Greek as far as I'm concerned.

"So ... it means that they're kind of tricking people into thinking the company is healthier than it is. More profitable than it is. If they had taken these things here and a few others like it and showed them as expenses on the P and L like they should have, it would have made the company look worse-off. Get it?"

"Not really."

She sighs heavily. "Do you want the nutshell?"

"God, yes." I drop my face into my hands. "You're giving me a migraine. Just give me the final episode cliffs-notes." I wait in my self-imposed darkness to hear my fate. Why this feels like my fate, I don't exactly know, but there's no denying the fear that's eating away at me right now.

"Okay, here it goes ... it looks as though your father's company was about to go public. And in the process of getting the financials ready for the investment bankers, his accounting department cooked the books to make the company look more profitable ... more financially healthy. If they get away with it, it'll bring an asking price up about fifty percent higher than it should."

I pull my head up. "But what does that mean? I mean, for me. For my dad?"

She snorts in disgust. "What it means is that your dad was a good guy. All those memos? Those were him calling his accounting department on their bullshit. He was telling them to f**k off, that he wasn't going to be a part of their lies. And some guy ... hold on, I'll tell you his name ..." She searches through pages until she stops on one that looks like a scanned letter. "Hen Henderson ..." She pauses to smirk. "What a name right? What a freak. Anyway, this turd mobile was insisting that your dad shut his pie hole so they could go through with the offering. I get the impression they weren't friends."

I stand up so suddenly, the chair I was sitting on flies out behind me. "I'm going to be sick." I put my hand on my mouth to keep from spewing all over her keyboard.

"Bathroom!" she shrieks, pointing to the hallway.

I run out and barely make it to the toilet before I vomit the purple punch I had earlier. All I can think is, Thank God I hadn't eaten any hotdogs yet.

I'm alone for long enough to flush before the bathroom is crowded with both Quin and Rebel. She closes the door and locks it behind them seconds before one of her siblings is banging on the door.

"Fuck off! I'm busy!" she yells.

"I'm telling Mom you're in there with two other people!" says the little voice.

"Go ahead! I'll tell her you have condoms in your purse!"

Silence.

Quin grins. "Pays to snoop. All right, so what's up? Why the vom attack?"

Rebel sits down on the edge of the tub and rubs my back as I struggle to get up off the floor. I close the toilet lid and sit on it, leaning over to rinse my mouth out in the sink and adding a dollop of toothpaste to freshen up before I speak.

"I know that guy. Hen Henderson." I can actually feel the blood drain from my face as I say his name. I hate what this could mean and the dangerous territory that my mind is straying into.

"Uh-oh," Quin says, a look of panic appearing. "She's gonna blow!"

I wave her off and rest my forehead on the cold countertop. "No, I'm fine. I just feel dizzy."

"Maybe you're pregnant," Quin says, laughing for a second.

I look up to shoot her daggers of hate-filled awful.

"Oh, shit, did I just say that out loud? Sorry." She has the grace to look embarrassed. Pointing to her mouth she half-grins. "It's on auto-pilot right now. Motor mouth. Forgive me Father, for I have sinned."

"God, would you please shut up?" I say, resting my forehead on the counter again.

Rebel acts like the last thirty seconds never happened. "Who is he? Henderson..."

Quin steps in to explain, which is good because I'm still battling my churning guts. "Hen Henderson is the CFO of her father's company. He was bad news, apparently. He wanted to misrepresent the financial health of her dad's company for an IPO. Her dad told Henderson in those memos he sent copies of to Tea that it wasn't going to fly, that he wouldn't let it go down like that. Now he's gone and the company is going ahead with the IPO, as far as we know, with her former step-mother at the helm."

I twist my head so I can look at them while also still feeling the cold porcelain on my cheek. "Hen Henderson is my step-mother's brother. Now she's the CEO and he's the CFO."

Quin's smile disappears and her face goes pale. "Oh, f**k me ..."

I finish her sentence for her, "... with a whole box of f**k."

"Yeah. Two boxes of it."

She and I stare at each other.

Quin reaches out and squeezes my upper arm. "I'm so sorry, Tea. That is just the worst news you could possibly get." She takes me in a hug and just keeps at it, even though I'm mostly falling off the toilet and on my knees on the tile.

"Come here, babe." Rebel's hands go around my waist and lift me from the floor. He sets me on his lap so I'm facing out towards Quin. She finally lets me go so I can sit somewhat like a normal person again.

I look down at Rebel's legs beneath mine and then at his arms draped loosely around me. "Thanks, Santa," I say, trying to be flippant. But it's not exactly working since I feel like crying and barfing at the same time.

Life was so much easier when I was six years old and really sitting on a man's lap just to wrangle some kickass presents out of him and his elves. Everything in my life feels like a big lie in this moment. Santa. My father. Hen Henderson. All of 'em. Bastards.

"We need to do something about this," says Quin, her face getting that determined expression on it. I've seen it many times before, usually about an hour before I'm shit-faced drunk or trying to escape from a really terrible party I knew better than to attend.

"No." I shake my head, pressing my lips together. "No. I'm not going to do anything. I'm going to get up every day, go to work, and then go to sleep at the end of the day. That's it." I'm desperately trying to convince myself that this is a good plan, that I'm okay with just letting my father rest in his grave. I figure with practice, I'll eventually be able to own the idea in my heart. So what if it makes me feel like a traitor to his memory right now? Time heals all wounds, right?

"You don't mean that, Tea. You don't want to walk away from your legacy like that."

I stand up, finding the bathroom way too claustrophobic for my taste. "Legacy? Are you kidding me? The only legacy I have is the Golden Legacy, okay? That's my life right now." I look at Rebel. "No offense."

He just looks at me and it sends a spearing pain through my heart.

I can't take it anymore. Escape is the only solution I can come up with that doesn't make me totally sick. "I have to go." I walk around Quin, maybe a little hurt that she doesn't bother to stop me. At the door I pause and turn around. "Rebel, can you take me back home?"

"Where's that, Teagan?" Quin asks me, her bitchy look going full force. "Home. Where is that exactly, anyway?"

Anger surges up inside me and drowns me in darkness. I say the first thing that comes to mind. "Fuck you, twat breath." I step outside the bathroom and slam the door behind me, but not fast enough to block out her parting shot.

"I'd rather be a twat breath than a coward who lets some skanky ho-bag murder my dad for money!"

I hold on to the wall as I walk down the hallway. The room is tilting and I'm seriously regretting drinking all that punch right now. I'm pretty sure there's more inside me ready to make an appearance.

I make it outside onto the front porch just before I heave again. The bushes will never be the same.

CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE

"YOU OKAY?" ASKS A GUY standing on the front lawn. He walks over to help me. Dressed in shorts and a t-shirt, he looks just like everyone else at the party, but I don't remember seeing him through the smoke earlier. I was probably too busy going gooey over Rebel to notice anyone, though, so I don't hold that against him.

"What are you doing out here?" I ask, wondering why he looks familiar. "Party's out back."

"Just got here. You're Teagan, right?" He holds out a hand.

I use my own to wipe off my mouth and take a step back, worried he's going to get a foul dose of my vom breath. "Do I know you?"

He steps forward, smiling really big. He's decent enough to look at, but I can't help comparing him to Rebel. He's much smaller and more textbook handsome. I immediately decide I prefer Rebel's brand of hot to this guy's more basic style.

"Not yet." He still has his hand out. "I'm Robert."

I finally take his hand and shake it, giving him the ultimate girly grip, dead fish all the way. I don't want him getting the wrong idea and thinking I'm interested. "Hi, Robert. Nice to meet you."

When he lets my hand go and turns to the side, shaking his other hand in his pocket, it suddenly hits me how I know him. Those jingling keys flash a memory of his face across my mind's eye.

A second guy is coming up the walk but I don't pay him any attention. Instead I point at Robert. "I know you! You were that guy! The one in the hardware store!" I grin like a fool. My memory kicks ass.

"What?" He smiles back at me, but it's missing some of the shine it had to it earlier.

I shift my weight to my other leg. "Yeah, that was you. I was buying some stuff for my apartment and then you were there at the end of the aisle, staring at me."

He frowns. "Nah, that wasn't me. I don't think it was, anyway." He grins again and then glances over his shoulder at the guy who's almost next to him.

I look at the new guy and take in his outfit. He's not dressed for a barbecue at all. Who in the hell wears jeans when it's ninety degrees out? Idiots, that's who. Maybe he's selling vacuum cleaners or something.

When he looks up, I do a double-take. "Hey, you're that guy ..." I point to him at the same moment he looks at Robert. They exchange a glance and my super computer brain starts calculating. What it comes up with is making me very nervous all of a sudden.

"You're the one from the bar," I say, my tone accusing, "the one that Colin fought. You had a knife."

"Time to go," says Robert, looking at the knife guy.

"You guys are together? That's weird, right?" I take a step back towards the house as they both swing their gazes over to me.

I would like to say that things after that point happened in slow motion. That would be really romantic and cool to think real life is like that. But that's not really how it goes down. Not at all, actually.

One second I'm standing there on the front walk wondering why two strangers who had been staring at me in the last week are suddenly at the same barbecue, and the next thing I know I'm the meat in a very uncomfortable Teagan sandwich. Each of them has one of my arms and we're walking as a threesome over to an SUV on the curb.

"What the f**k?" My super-computer brain is in full breakdown mode. I've never been manhandled by a perfectly sober guy and never by two at once. I always imagined a threesome to be very different than it's turned out to be. It doesn't strike me that I'm being kidnapped until I'm almost to the passenger door of the car.

"Oh, hell no!" I scream as Robert flings the back door open. "Fuck that! Fuck that! I am not getting in that goddamn car!"

A pain like I've never experienced in my entire life shoots through my head, via my face.

"You just hit me?!" It probably makes no sense, but I'm going into shock over the idea that a man just hit me in the face for no good reason. I haven't even insulted him yet.

Luckily, my auto-pilot gets what happening and goes into overdrive. I kick and scream and punch and twist, doing everything I possibly can to keep from being shoved into the back seat.

When I read stories about chicks being kidnapped, I always swore that I'd never let it happen to me, that I'd know exactly what to do to get away. Eye gouge! Kidney jab! Where are those damn testicles, goddammit?!

None of my awesome evasion-of-kidnapping maneuvers works. One more blow to my head and suddenly my feet don't want to work anymore. It's hard to tell which way is up, and all kind of hard parts on the car are bruising my arms, legs, and ribs as the two guys throw me bodily inside.

I land face down on the floor of the back seat as the door shuts on the bottom of my feet, shoving them into the car and crumpling my legs up against the vinyl. The carpet is covered in bits of gravel and stank that makes me want to vomit again, but I'm too pissed to throw up yet. I'll save that awesome sauce for later, when I can aim it at someone's face.

Struggling to get up, I suffer a few more punches, this time to the back of my thighs.

"Sit still! Stay down there!" growls one of the kidnappers.

"Fuck your father and your mother!" I yell back, howling with rage when a knuckle to the thigh brings up a charlie horse so bad all I can do is fetal-ball it and wait for the pain to stop.

"Easy, Dack," says Robert, "you don't need to mark her up or anything."

"Dack? That's your name?" I laugh, forcing it out in loud barks. "You look more like a Dick if you ask me."

He turns around and slaps me, the whiplash motion throwing my hair across my face.

"You want to get caught driving through town with her in the back?!" Dack yells. "Who the f**k arranges a pick-up without a trunk?"

Robert yells back, "Hey, I'm not some sort of practiced criminal, okay?! Jesus!"

Through the blaze of agony searing my cramped leg, I sense my one chance at salvation. Maybe Robert has a heart somewhere inside him, or at least a strong fear of being butt-raped in jail.

"You are a criminal, you know," I gasp out, pushing myself into a ball behind Dack's seat. "Kidnapping is a federal offense."

"Shut the f**k up," Dack says, turning around in his seat.

I can't see him, but his chair is bouncing against my body telling me he's about to reach around and bring more of that pain he seems to enjoy doling out.

It's probably better if I follow his instructions, but there's some sadistic part of me that's too pissed these two idiots got the jump on me, and it's not going to let me or them go quietly into the night.

"Shut the f**k up, Dick, you redneck scab eater!" I scream. My third grade insults have apparently risen to the top like really good cream.

Robert laughs. "Scab eater? That's creative."

Dack punches Robert in the arm, causing the whole car to swerve over to the side.

Someone honks and I leap into action. Knowing someone might see me fires me up like nothing ever has before. I jump out of my hidey hole spot and throw myself against the passenger window, screaming with every ounce of volume I can muster and doing my best to ignore the horrible pain in my leg. "Help! Help! I'm being kidnapped! Call the cops!"

I bang and bang and bang on the window, hollow thumps that sound way too muffled in the air-tight truck. The person in the compact car next to us sees nothing. The driver's sitting about a foot below where we are on the opposite side of the road, and he's about to turn left and leave us in the dust.

"Noooo!!" I scream as I'm hauled back away from the window. Dack has a fistful of my hair and he's not afraid to rip it out, apparently.

"Lie down!" he roars.

I reach behind me to try and get him to let go. I manage to inflict at least one good scratch on his face somewhere before it's game over.

I'm not sure if it's his fist or a sledgehammer, but something very heavy and solid makes contact with my temple, and that's all I remember of that stupid kidnapping mobile.

CHAPTER FORTY

I WAKE UP ON A ratty brown couch in a small, damp warehouse, instantly regretting my first instinct to sit up quickly. Holy massive headache. I have to remain still for a few seconds until the waves of pain subside.

"You're finally awake," says a voice off to my left. Robert is sitting in an armchair that's in way better repair than my couch, his cheesy smile nowhere in sight.

I don't know why I ever thought he was handsome. He's more the butt-ugly type, the kind that eats goldfish for fun and then brags about it.

I say nothing, saving all my brain energy for getaway plans. My eyes roam the space, trying to figure out what my options are. There are no windows I can see. The only light comes from a lamp enclosed in a wire cage, fixed up high in the corner of the room. There's a metal roll-up door about twenty feet in front of me. I helped Quin's brother move once, and he had a storage unit where he kept some stuff. I have a feeling I'm in one of those.

"So, we brought you here to ask you a few questions, get something from you."

I can't play the silent game anymore. He's too stupid for words. "If it's sex, I'm fresh out. Sorry dude." I point to my crotch. "Herpes. I don't recommend it."

"It's not sex. It's something you received from your father."

My brain short-circuits for a moment as I digest that little bit of information. "Say what? What's my father got to do with the sex trade?"

He frowns. "Sex trade?"

"Yeah. That's why you kidnapped me, right? Sex slave ring? You're going to sell me to the highest bidder? Listen, I saw the movie. I know how this works. But rough luck on that, man, seriously. I'm tainted. And not a virgin besides. You'll be lucky to get fifty bucks for my shit."

He rolls his eyes and frowns as he shakes his head, like I'm the dummy in the room. "We're not into that business, thanks."

"No, thank you." I look around some more, wondering if yelling might help. I'm just a little worried that the scab eater Dack the Dick is here and that he's still in the mood to give me a concussion. I'm not sure my skull can take too many more hits before my brain is permanently damaged. Maybe it already is; I have this nonsensical desire to antagonize him when it's probably smarter to kiss his ass.

"So why exactly am I here getting my ass beat by a guy with an IQ of forty?"

"That wasn't supposed to happen."

Robert looks worried so I press my advantage. "If you let me go, you'll be fine. It's keeping me and beating my head in that's going to be a problem for you, legally speaking."

"I'm not worried about it."

"Liar." I smile bitterly. "Federal crime means maximum security, dude. And that means getting it up the butt nightly from an axe murderer. You'll totally be some big black guy's bitch for about a week before they kill you with a broom handle broken off in your colon."

He seems unfazed by the picture I've painted. I've underestimated his kidnapping skill-set, I think.

"You shouldn't be talking to me like that," he says, sounding almost bored.

"Why's that?"

"Because I'm the guy who decides what happens to you after you tell me what I want to know."

"Bullshit. You're not in charge. You're an amateur." I look around, wondering when the real bad guys are going to show up. This guy doesn't even have a weapon. At least the scab eater has his fists. I'm pretty sure the only thing Robert has ever hit is a golf ball.

"I'm a businessman, and I'm here to make you an offer."

I sit back into the cushions and calm myself with a slow breath in and out. When I'm sure I won't call him very bad names, I speak. "If all you wanted to do was make a business deal, you could have called me up or emailed me and just asked."

He smiles without humor. "I tried the nice way, the non-invasive way. But you didn't cooperate."

"When? I'd love to know, because trust me, I would have preferred that to the concussion." I point to my aching head.

"I came to your dorm once and your apartment at least twice."

I narrow my eyes as I realize another place I saw this turd basket. "You drive a Prius, don't you?"

"Very good. I had a feeling you saw me."

"What is it you want?" I have a feeling it's the toy car, but I'm going to go ahead and play stupid for as long as I can. I'm hoping that if I can get them to believe I'm so dense that I don't know what it is they're after, they'll never suspect me of making copies. Maybe I'll be allowed to live.

"Your father sent you some documents. We want them."

"He didn't send me any documents." I have my stupid face expression going full court press, giving it everything I've got. "He sent me a letter telling me to keep his toy car safe, that's it. It was a single page, and it wasn't really a document unless you consider four sentences a document."

I roll my eyes and do the best imitation of an overacting Disney show actress that I possibly can. "Geez, if you want the damn car you can have it. How much is it worth, anyway? Like a thousand bucks or something? I knew I should have put that thing on eBay." I bite my fingernail, feigning a complete lack of interest in his silly car obsession.

"You didn't, did you?"

"No. But I wish I had." I flop my hand down by my side. "I can't believe you actually kidnapped me for a toy car. Are you on drugs?" I squint at him, acting like I really believe what I'm saying. "That's really sad. You can get clean, dude. One day at a time and all that stuff."

"Where's the car?" Apparently he's not interested in my Narc-Anon intervention.

"Uhhh ... it's in my sweatshirt pocket."

"Where?"

"At Rebel's." My stomach goes into knots as I realize I've just directed this guy over to my new boyfriend's house. I move quickly to try and undo the mess I just made. "I think that's where it is. But maybe it isn't." Rebel won't let anyone in there without a fight. God, please don't let Rebel get hurt.

I'm sick over the idea that I've finally found a guy I can get serious with, and I'm going to get him killed by a redneck who doesn't know how to dress for a barbecue and a turd who doesn't know how to arrange a proper kidnapping. Life is so damn unfair.

Robert stands. "Come on. Let's go."

"Go where?" I struggle to stand, the dizziness and pain from my head injury making me wobbly.

"To the toy. I want it now."

"Fine. Whatever." I clamp my lips shut so I can focus on putting one foot in front of the other and not saying something that will blow my cool cover story.

I wait off to the side as Robert rolls up the door, revealing a hallway in front of us. Sure enough, we're in one of those storage buildings.

"What are you going to do with me after I give you the car?" I ask.

"I'm not sure what Dack has planned for you."

I swallow hard. "I could guess," I say, knowing now that once they have the car there's no reason to keep me around. Tears come when I realize that I'm about to become a statistic.

Adrenaline rushes back into my veins and I begin to shake. I want to run, but I know I wouldn't get five steps before being tackled. My head hurts too much and it's affecting my equilibrium. Maybe if I get outside at some point where there are other people, I'll be able to scream or something.

I hold onto that slim hope as we move out into the sunshine.

CHAPTER FORTY-ONE

THE THREE OF US PULL into the empty Rebel Wheels parking lot. I don't know whether to be happy or sad about the fact that my kidnappers have a wide open opportunity not only to get what they came for but to murder me and leave me to be found by the only people in town who would give me a job.

The selfish part of me was hoping someone would be there to come to my rescue, but deep down I know it's better that no one is. This is my mess and I need to clean it up. All I can hope now is that one of those heavy tools in the garage might make a good weapon ... if I can get my hands on it before Dack slams my skull into something, that is.

I get to the door and try the handle. "It's locked." A few seconds of relief wash over me before Dack comes up with the brilliant idea of getting a tire iron out of the truck and using it to pry the door open. The lock cracks after just a few hard pulls on Dack's part and the door swings wide.

"Where's the car?" asks Robert.

"In the apartment upstairs," I say, pointing inside. I stay where I am, hoping he'll be content to just search around himself. I find it harder to believe that they'll kill me out in public view, so my plan is to stay out here as long as I can.

"Go get it," says Dack, pushing me on the back with the tire iron.

So much for staying outside. And now he's the one with a heavy weapon in his hand. I am so screwed.

My feet drag and I keep my eyes on the floor. I don't want my last view of this world to be the inside of a mechanic's garage. I want to remember the blue sky, the view of Rebel through the smoke of Quin's barbecue, and that fruity purple punch with sherbet floating in it before I threw it up.

My kidnappers are mumbling behind me, but I can't focus on what they're saying. All I can hear is the sound of some specter in my head, calling out, Dead girl walking! I can almost picture cells lined up on either side of me with death-row criminals egging me towards some chamber that will hold my doom. Electric chair. Lethal injection. Firing squad. Hanging. I'm going to die and I'm not even old enough to rent a car yet.

The phone rings in the office. I hesitate, wondering who'd be calling on a Saturday. Could it be a customer? A telemarketer wanting to sell me cable service for the eighteenth time this week? Normally I'd want to reach through the phone and yank a telemarketer through it, so I could berate him for being the scourge of polite society, but today I'd gladly jump through the phone in the other direction to hang out with him in his little cubicle in India. We could be best friends if only he'd save me from being killed over a toy car.

Rebel has one of those old-school answering machines with a cassette tape in it. The thing's so dirty you can't even see through the plastic window the tape sits in. I hear a voice come out over the speaker and it echoes all over the garage.

"Teagan? Are you there?"

My heart sinks like a rock down into my stomach. I want to scream, Rebel! I'm here! But I say nothing because it's no use anyway. He can't hear me. He's still at the party, and the answering machine only answers; it doesn't transmit.

There's a scrabbling sound coming over the speaker and then Quin's voice. "Give me that phone ... Tea! Can she hear me? Hey, Tea? It's me. Your best friend of all time forever, even when I'm a dick. I'm sorry, okay? I shouldn't have said that. I'm an ass**le of the highest degree. Please come back to the party. I'll eat a piece of liver to prove to you I mean it, okay? You know how much I hate liver. Are you there? I know you're there, pick up. Stop being a baby."

Dack shoves me in the back again and I trip out of the office in my efforts to not have a bruised spine. I'm crying like a baby by the time I'm at the top of the stairs. Quin's begging and cajoling fades out as we go through the door into the upper hallway.

I want to tell my best friend of all time I'm sorry too, that I didn't mean what I said, that she doesn't need to ask for my forgiveness because friends just offer it freely and without condition. I'm painfully aware that it's too late for me to learn that lesson about always treating your friends as if it's the last time you'll ever see them. I hate that she'll never get to hear my apology but that I heard hers. And I both hate and love my dad more than I ever have in my entire life.

The nearness of my own death has brought a hyper-awareness that makes everything crystal clear. I'm almost sure that my dad didn't die of natural causes. He died because he was a good guy trying to do the right thing and he was married to a demon with an equally evil brother. Maybe he wasn't dad of the year for me, but he wasn't a bad person. And he was counting on me to have his back, but I f**ked it up. All those years he took care of me and made sure I never wanted for anything, and when he asked me to do one for him, I let him down.

I put my hand on the doorknob and turn to face my kidnappers and eventual murderers. "It's in here, I think."

Dack nods. "Open it."

The complete lack of remorse in his expression redlines my anger gauge. He's taking my memories of my friends and turning them to shit. Yes, it's partially my fault that I'm going to die and probably be a restless spirit for all of eternity because I left unfinished business on this planet, but it's also going to be his fault that I'm a murder statistic. I've never been good with accepting unfair situations, and nothing strikes me as more unfair than being killed right before I know for sure whether Rebel loves me or not.

I slowly pull my hand off the doorknob.

"I said, open it," Dack growls.

I speak through gritted teeth, matching his tone and letting all my anger seep into my voice. "Fuck you, Dick. Open it yourself." I prepare myself for massive pain as he raises the tire iron above his head in a threatening gesture.

It's in that moment, right as he's opening his mouth to deliver his last and final order to open the door, that my previous planning-for-kidnap skills and maneuvers finally kick in. A surge of pure adrenaline jacks me up like a hit of lab-quality speed. Testicles, spectacles, wallet, and watch! Here I come!

His legs are spread wide open and I waste no time in bringing my foot up and planting it firmly between his legs.

CHAPTER FORTY-TWO

DACK GOES DOWN IN SLOW motion, his face paper-white and his expression a mix of fury, pain, and surprise.

The tire iron falls from his grasp with a clang against the wall and flips end over end onto the floor. He's in a heap at Rebel's door and Robert is behind him, trying not to go down with his friend while also attempting to give him some support.

I'd fist pump in triumph over my glorious ninja moves if I weren't so panicked about dying. Instead, I begin to back away, sliding my hand along the wall to keep from tripping on my own feet.

Before I get too far, Dack lands on the ground and his leg goes over the tire iron. I lean down to snatch it away before Robert can get to it, but it's hooked on Dack's jeans.

Screaming, I yank it free, but it comes loose too suddenly. I fall to the ground on my ass, jarring my skull and making my headache flare up to new painful heights.

Robert drops Dack's armpits and jumps over him, coming for me.

I swing out blindly with the weapon, nearly crying with joy when it comes into contact with his shin.

He roars in pain but somehow has the presence of mind to grab me by the hair.

I thought I had a headache before, but that pain was nothing compared to what I'm experiencing now. A sound comes out of my mouth that could never be considered human.

And then suddenly there's another shouting voice and my head is yanked to the side as a chunk of my hair is ripped out by the roots. I squeal like a pig and then grunt like one too when body parts start slamming into me from what feels like all directions.

Confusion reigns for about three seconds before Robert goes flying backwards into the air like Superman doing the backstroke.

Big hands lift me up by the armpits and put me on my feet. What's left of my hair is hanging in my face and I'm too dizzy to see what the hell is going on, but when I hear the voice of my savior, I nearly collapse with relief.

"Teagan, what the hell are you doing?"

"Oh, Colin!" I turn around sloppily and throw my arms around him, hugging his neck as hard as I can. I was drowning in near-death sorrow half a second ago, but now I feel saved. The relief is overwhelming. "I'm so glad you're here!" I'm screaming and crying at the same time.

"Sit here," he says, detaching me from his neck with strong hands and pushing me down to the ground.

I fall half the distance to the floor on my ass and have just enough time to push my hair out of my face and enjoy the show. Colin closes in on my attackers and begins to systematically pound their faces into purple mush.

At first I cheer him on, seeing my life expectancy gain ground as my kidnappers become weaker and weaker, but I soon downshift into worried. Killing my attackers might not be the best revenge I can think of nor the best plan for convincing Rebel that I'm a good bet for a girlfriend. I doubt that me being the reason his brother ends up in prison for life would be considered good family relations.

"Colin! Stop!"

He keeps going, some kind of deaf, dumb and blind rage fueling his fists. And they're big fists, holy mother of Trouble, thank you very much. Each one looks like a sledgehammer, and from all the blood and swollen body parts I'm witnessing, I'm thinking they probably feel like sledgehammers too.

I crawl over on hands and knees, grabbing his ankle. It flexes and bends under my fingers as he continues to punish Dack's body. Robert has long since passed out. Or maybe he's dead. I can't see his face, but he's not moving and he's face-down on the concrete floor.

"Colin! Stop! Don't kill him! I need to know who he works for!"

Colin's fist hovers above him in the air as he pauses. "What?" he asks, turning around to look at me.

I can barely get the words out, I'm so breathless with the whole freaking-out thing. I sound like I just ran a marathon in flip flops. "They're working for someone. They came to steal something from me that my dad gave me. I need to know who their boss is."

Before they lawyer up, I want to know what and who I'm dealing with. In the hours before these turds came and ruined a perfectly decent barbecue and then tore some of my hair out, I might have been content to just let things lie, but not anymore. Nobody gives me a bald spot and gets away with it. I want justice. Really, I just want my hair back, but since I can't have that, I'll settle for a little revenge. The word vigilante suddenly has a nice ring to it.

Colin stands, grabbing Dack by the collar and yanking him up.

Dack shouts in pain and leans over to spit on Rebel's door. I watch in horror as a glob of bloody goo drips down the wood leaving a smear behind. I think there might be a tooth mixed in with it, and that little tidbit of awful makes my stomach flip over not once, not twice, but three times. Hat trick! Oh God ... The vomit is coming...

"Who the hell are you and why are you here in my house?" Colin asks, his face two inches from Dack's.

"Fuck you, ath-hole" Dack whispers.

Yup ... he has spaces where his front teeth used to be. I don't think he means to sound like a lispy Clint Eastwood, but he does a pretty good impression anyway.

"One more chance before I send you to the hospital for a nice coma-cation," says Colin.

"Coma-cation?" I ask.

He grins at me in a sickly devious way. "Vacation, coma-style."

I swallow with difficulty. "Sorry I asked. Please don't."

Colin frowns. "Why not?"

"Because. You'll get in trouble, and Rebel will hate me for getting you there."

Colin sneers. "I'm not worried about Rebel." He turns back to Dack. "Who do you work for and what do they want? Tell me or I crack your skull, and trust me, that's not just an expression."

Even I can tell how serious Colin is. A sigh of relief blasts out of me when Dack obviously senses it too.

"I don't know. Some dude in a suit hired me to find this girl and get the thumb drive that was sent to her, that's it."

"And what are you supposed to do with it when you get it?"

Dack sags down into his shirt. The collar goes up around his ears as he loses all of his remaining resistance. "I have an overnight postage envelope to send it in. It's in the car."

Colin drops him to the floor and turns to me with a big grin. "That was easy." His grin instantly falls off as he turns around and kicks Dack squarely in the face, sending him flying onto his back unconscious.

"Oh shit," I squeak, taken aback by the violence. Seeing Colin nearly beat the guy to death was bad enough, but that last move looked like it was done for the sheer fun of it. Colin scares me.

Colin walks back to his apartment. He's only in there for a few seconds before he's out in the hallway again with his cell.

I crab-walk away from the mess of bodies by Rebel's door over towards Colin's apartment as he begins speaking on his phone.

"Yo, Rebel. We have a situation at the garage. Better get over here." He pauses before continuing. "Yeah, she's here. And she had company that I had to deal with, so hurry up before they wake up. Don't bring the cops."

I hear a raised voice coming from the phone, but I can't tell what Rebel is saying.

"I don't know! What the f**k, man, just get here!" He hangs up with a scowl and fixes me with a malevolent glare.

"What?" I ask, hating how meek I sound but just a tiny bit afraid I'm about to be punched.

"Stop looking at me like that!" he shouts.

"Like what?!" I shout back, the adrenaline in my system taking over my voice box.

"Like I'm going to smash your face in!"

"Are you?!" I scream.

He pulls his head back and looks at me quizzically. "No," he finally says, smiling a little. "I don't hit girls."

For some reason this strikes me as hilarious. First I grin, but then I laugh. It goes from a giggle to a series of guffaws and snorts that girls really shouldn't ever do outside of an all-girl slumber party. I can't stop. My head is pounding with pain, but I just keep going. I curl into a fetal position, trying to save my stomach from executing more internal gymnastics.

"You okay?" he asks, bending down and picking me up by the armpits. I'm like a giant infant being set on toddling legs as he stares into my eyes.

"No, I don't think so." The laughing is finally subsiding, but now I'm too dizzy to think straight. My knees won't lock to stand me up.

Colin tries to let me go, but soon realizes if he does I'll be down for the count. Before I can explain that I think I might have a concussion, he swoops me up into his arms and walks with me into his apartment.

The entire room is spinning so fast, I can't make heads or tails of it. "Put me down," I say, my stomach and throat burning. "I'm gonna throw up."

He races into the kitchen and sets me down in front of the sink, just in time for me to fall into it face-first and upchuck the rest of my sherbet punch.

CHAPTER FORTY-THREE

I'M LYING IN A POOL of my own sweat on Colin's leather couch with a cold, wet rag on my face when I hear Quin screaming out in the hallway.

I try to sit up, worried she's in trouble, but the headache rages sharply and the room spins, so I lie down and pray Colin can save her.

He's out the door in two seconds, abandoning his position at the armchair opposite me. I'm glad he's no longer staring at me. His intensity is a lot more than I can handle right now.

The door flies open and Quin rushes through. "Ohmygod, ohmygod, ohmygod! What in the fricking fracking hell happened to you?!" She drops to her knees beside the couch and stares at my face. "Oh, honey, you look terrible."

I try to smile, but I just don't have it in me. "Thanks. That makes me feel loads better."

"Where did you go? What happened to your face? Why are you here?"

I close my eyes and swallow carefully, praying I'm not going to vomit on her. She's just trying to help. "They kidnapped me outside your house."

"Shut! Up!"

"I'm serious."

"Shut! Up!"

I open one eye. "Can I tell the story or are you going to tell me to shut up another ten times?"

She puts her hand over her mouth. "You're serious," she mumbles out.

"Jesus, Quin. Do I look like I'm kidding?"

She shakes her head slowly as tears rush to her eyes.

"Stop. Do not cry. I can't take it right now." My own voice trembles with emotion.

I'm pretty sure I have a handle on it too, until I see Rebel's hulking frame in the doorway. Something about seeing him standing there, his face a mask of anger, makes me completely lose whatever cool I might have collected over the past fifteen minutes waiting for them to arrive. My face is spasming with the effort of holding in my pain, but the tears themselves are out of control. They flow down my cheeks and into my ears.

Quin follows my gaze and looks over her shoulder, moving to the side as Rebel strides over.

He sits on the coffee table next to me and takes my hand in his. He says nothing. He just stares into my eyes, his face stern and lined with what looks like fury.

My heart is breaking because I'm not sure who the anger is for. Maybe he's pissed I brought trouble to his doorstep. Who could blame him for that? Or maybe it's the loogie on his door...

"I'll clean up the mess," I say, praying this will be enough to fix things.

"You ..." He presses his lips together and then stands, dropping my hand. He's over the coffee table with one big step and back out into the hallway before I can figure out what I said wrong.

"Where's he going?" I ask.

Quin jumps up and runs after him. Standing in the doorway she throws her hand to her mouth and then squeaks. "No!" she yells, disappearing down the hall.

I hear all kinds of fumbling around and then yelling. A big boom is followed by the sound of someone grunting in pain. Quin's voice is mixed in with all of it, but I can't make out what anyone's actually saying or doing.

I struggle to get off the couch, but only make it to a sitting-up position before I see Colin go flying backwards past the door. A second later, he's up and running in the opposite direction. "No, Rebel! No! Hands off, man!"

I lean back in the cushions and inhale as much as I can, and then let it all out in one big shout.

"Reeebbeelllllll!"

All the sounds in the hallway cease.

First Quin's head comes around the corner. "Good call," she says in a loud whisper.

Then Rebel comes back into the apartment. He stops just a couple steps in, pushing his hands through his hair. One of his knuckles is bleeding.

"Stop it right now," I say as sternly as I can. "No more violence."

His nostrils flare, but he doesn't say anything.

"I'm pretty sure I have a concussion, and if someone doesn't get me to the hospital soon, it's possible I could go into a coma and die."

His face goes slack and then furious again. "Are you serious?" His voice is so calm, I can't tell if he's angry, scared, or just curious.

"Yes. Maybe. Seriously. Please? Take me to the hospital?" I don't plan it this way, but my vision suddenly going gray works really well to my advantage. I sense the darkness closing in again and can only think how grateful I am that I'm lying on a couch this time when I pass out.

CHAPTER FORTY-FOUR

WHEN I COME-TO AGAIN, I'm wearing a really lame hospital gown and have an IV stuck in my hand. I frown when I look down and see a ring on my left ring finger. I don't usually wear rings and this one isn't mine. When I turn my hand over, I smile, noticing right away whose ring this is. Quin must have slipped it on for good luck or something.

Rebel is sitting in a chair next to me. He's staring at me saying nothing.

"You know, that's really freaking me out," I say.

"What?"

"The staring and not talking thing."

"You were unconscious."

I roll my eyes. "You know what I mean."

He scoots his chair closer to my bed never breaking eye contact with me. "You feel okay?"

"All things considered, I guess." I reach up with my non-IV hand and feel the spot on the back of my head where the hair is missing. It's too tender to explore very well, but I know for sure I'm going to have to start wearing my hair differently to cover it up. Bring on the eighties hair clips.

"What do you want me to do with them?" he asks.

"With who?"

"The guys who took you."

"What do you mean what do I want you to do with them? With them? What does that even mean?"

"Colin has them at the garage. What do you want me to do with them?"

"Rub 'em out." I say, trying to stay poker-faced.

He lifts an eyebrow. "Bury them in the backyard?"

"Yeah. Plant flowers over them too, if you don't mind."

"Sure, no problem." He stands to go.

I wait until he gets to the door. "Wait!" When he turns around I smile. "You didn't think I was serious, did you?" There's a sick little piece of me who is happy about the fact that he might actually bury someone who kidnapped me, just because I asked him to do it. That's true love right there.

"I've decided never to make assumptions about you."

"Well, I wasn't serious. Come back here and talk to me."

Rebel returns to his seat and picks up my hand, sandwiching it between his larger ones. "The doctor says my wife is going to be fine but that she has a concussion."

"Your wife?" My face goes white and my heart skips a beat. I'm completely and totally freaked out.

He looks at the ring on my hand. "Quin said they wouldn't tell us anything if we weren't related. And I didn't want to pretend I was your brother and then have them catch me kissing you."

I smile as my face heats up. "You planned on kissing me?"

"Maybe."

"That's pretty presumptuous of you."

He shrugs. "I'm a presumptuous guy, I guess."

I pull on his hand. "I like that about you."

He leans in and kisses me slowly, being very gentle but setting me on fire nonetheless.

"You are too much," I whisper against his mouth.

"I think you can handle it," he says in my ear as he moves his lips to kiss my neck.

I close my eyes and the room spins. It's not from his sexy moves, though. I push him away weakly. "Don't come to close. I'm liable to vomit on you."

He backs away and sits down. "Tell me what you want me to do with those guys and it'll be done. Colin's waiting for my call."

I sigh heavily. "I was going to have you bury them in the backyard, but how about we just call the cops instead?"

"You want to know where he was sending that drive?"

"I already know. It's my father's company, right?"

"No. It was a private address."

"In Sunol?"

"No. San Jose."

I shrug and look out the window. I can't see anything but light coming in through sheer curtains. "It doesn't matter. The police will figure it out."

"You don't want to talk about it," he says simply.

"No, not really."

He squeezes my hand, forcing me to look at him.

"What?" I say.

"Sometimes when you don't want to talk about something, that's when you should do it. Talk about it. Just get it out."

"That's pretty rich coming from you."

"Trust me. I know about these things."

"Tell me about that girl," I say on impulse. It's the best I can do to avoid what he wants to discuss. Maybe I can put him off talking altogether and we can go back to that kissing stuff.

"What girl?"

"The blonde. The one from the club who had coffee with you last week."

He sighs and stares at me, saying nothing for a little while.

I shrug. "Or we could just not talk and sit here instead. That'd work too."

"She was someone I spent some time with, but I realized she wasn't the right girl for me early on."

"Was she too pretty?" I ask, raising an eyebrow.

"No, she's pretty enough."

"Too sexy? She was too sexy, huh? All that long leg action she has going on. The long hair, boobs, buns of steel. That was probably too much." I nod and give him my least sincere smile.

"No, it's fine if you're into that stuff."

I snort. "And you're not." I wave around at his face and chest. "You're not into the whole boobs, legs, ass thing. You're into ... what ... fatties?" I slap my hand down on the bed.

He doesn't react at all to my obvious anger or sarcasm. "No, I'm not into fatties. I'm into you."

I've already opened my mouth to respond, but now words are failing me. The best I can do is make noisy air. "Pfffft. Faaaaa. Yeaaahhhh..."

He waits for me to collect myself, but says nothing.

I can't take the silence. "Rebel, come on. Stop messing around."

"No one's messing around." He touches my fingers.

I push his hand away. "Stop. I have a concussion in case you haven't heard. I need my rest." I close my eyes and fake-sleep. I can't stand looking at him anymore. He's too pretty, he's too serious, and he's too ... good. There. I said it. He's too good for me. He's an adult, he's responsible, he's smart, and he's f**king getting into my head and it's freaking me out. I'm jealous over a girl he insists means nothing, and he's never done anything with her that I've seen to make me believe he's lying. I hate how I'm feeling right now.

"Quin wants to see you," he says, no emotion in his voice. "I'll send her in."

He stands to leave, and I have to use every ounce of control I have not to beg him to stay. I wait until I know he's gone before I open my eyes again.

CHAPTER FORTY-FIVE

I KEEP MY EYES CLOSED, hoping everyone will just go away and leave me to marinate in my tantrum sauce. The sound of a chair scraping over the floor and then a huff of breath tells me Quin is here.

"Stop fake-sleeping."

Saying nothing and keeping my eyelids closed seems like my best plan of action right now. I focus on not letting my eyeballs jitter around under my lids.

"Fine, you want to fake it? Go ahead. I'll just talk without you. First, I'm going to apologize again. My mouth was having a fight with my brain and my mouth won. I suck, okay? You forgive me, right? Of course you do." She pauses, maybe to wait for my response, but then gives up pretty quickly.

"Second, you need to woman-up. You can't sit here and pretend like nothing's going on and ignore all the stuff going down around you." She must be leaning closer now because her voice is right by my face. "I'm talking about your dad's company and that gorgeous hunk of confused man-flesh out there ... oh, and your rescuer Colin who frankly scares the ever loving shit out of me while at the same time making me feel like taking all my clothes off and throwing myself at him. It's an interesting dilemma I could really use your counsel on, you know, whenever you're done feeling sorry for yourself."

My eyelids are flickering, despite my best efforts at keeping them still. She's saying things designed to piss me off while couching them in apologies. I hate that she knows how to push my buttons so well.

She continues her onslaught. "That IPO business is about to happen and you need to get your ass cheeks off your head and make some phone calls, at least. I don't know who you'd call but at least the police. You were kidnapped for shit's sake. And then we're going to call your step-mother and tell her she's going down to ass-kicking town, courtesy of your right foot."

My eyelids fly open. "No!"

"Ahhh, so it's the step-mother that finally does it. Note to self."

"Shut up." I glare at her. "Can't you see I'm sick?"

Quin rolls her eyes. "Please. You're not sick. Injured, maybe. But not too injured to make a couple phone calls."

"You don't know that."

"Yes, I do. Doctor told me."

"What?" My hand clenches into a fist. "I guess privacy laws don't exist anymore."

She shrugs unapologetically. "I told them I'm your sister. Oh, and I also told them Rebel is your husband, so that's why you have that gorgeous wedding ring on. Don't lose it."

I grab it off my finger and hold it out for her. "Take it. I don't want it."

She removes the ring from my hand while staring me down. "All right. Tell me what's going on in your little pea brain right now."

"Nothing. I just don't want the ring."

"Maybe you don't want the boyfriend either." She's staring me down as she says it.

"Whatever." I can't look at her, so I stare at the ceiling, then the wall, and finally the window.

"Listen ... I get that you're scared of commitment. Who wouldn't be, especially after your track record?"

I forget the window and glare at her. "Are you serious? You're coming in here giving me shit about my love life after I was nearly killed?"

She frowns for a few seconds before answering. "Maybe. Is that bad?"

I close my eyes and speak as calmly as I can. "Quin, I just need to rest, okay?" My voice goes a little trembly at the end, foiling my plan to get her to exit from the room. She sees any weakness and she knows she's almost won. Now I'm doomed.

She takes my hand in hers and pats it. "Babe, I'm here for you. Talk to me. I can see you're freaking out and trying to keep it all in. You don't have to do that, you know. I'm your friend. I'll never hurt you. Not on purpose, I mean. What I said today was a total dick move, I know that. I'm really, really sorry I said it. He was your dad and I know you cared about him even though he was not dad-of-the-year material."

I can't respond. I'm working too hard at holding back tears.

"Rebel is a seriously good guy. He really likes you, you know. And his brothers do too."

A tear escapes and runs down my cheek. I can't talk or I know I'll crumble into a mess of emotions I'm not ready to deal with right now. It's too much.

"Does that make you sad?"

She sounds so sweet and worried, I can't stay silent any longer. "Yes, it makes me sad." I finally open my eyes. "All of this makes me sad. Can you blame me?"

"No."

My plan to say only the bare minimum to get her to leave flies out the window as words I didn't even know I was harboring tumble out of my mouth.

"First my dad dies leaving me with nothing, then he sends me this f**king car that is some sort of giant clue that he's died in the middle of exposing some bullshit at work, so now I get to sit here and worry that he didn't die in his forties of a heart attack but maybe he was poisoned or some shit like that while some assturds are running around throwing me in cars and threatening to kill me. And on top of all that, I'm crushing on my boss and he tells me he's into me and everything seems fine, but I can't handle it!" I'm yelling by the end of my diatribe.

"I hear ya," Quin says, nodding. "It's a lot to deal with."

"A lot to deal with? Talk about an understatement."

"Yep. Understatement." She's still nodding.

"It's f**king ridiculous is what it is!" I screech.

"Amen to that. Ridiculous. All the way."

I yank my hand away from hers. "Would you quit agreeing with me like that?! I feel like I'm at a revival or something!"

She stands and slaps her hands on her hips. "Fine! You want me to stop agreeing? I'll stop agreeing, then." She crosses her arms over her chest. "You're wrong about Rebel. You can handle him. You can handle all of this."

"Shut up."

"No. You shut up, and for once in your life, listen to me. Here's what has to happen: you have to call the cops. You have to tell them what happened, you have to give them that car USB drive, and you have to go after your step-mother and her brother with the fury of a thousand suns. They took your dad away, and you are not going to let them get away with it." She holds up her hand to stop me from responding. "Even if they didn't do something directly to end your dad's life, they contributed to it by causing him to get a heart attack from the stress. You cannot let them get away with that. And if you think you can, I'm here to tell you that you're wrong. I won't let you back down." She shrugs, letting her arms drop to her sides. "Done deal. No going back. This is happening."

My mouth dropped open halfway through her lecture and now my bottom jaw is sliding to the right, disjointed by annoyance. I can't think of what to say in response. I'm warring with myself over how to manage her.

What pisses me off most is the fact that she's right. She's one hundred percent right, at least about my father's company and those a-holes that are behind those spreadsheets he sent me. The question is whether I'm the person who can or should do anything about it. To be that person, I have to face not only a lot of my past history that I've spent years avoiding but also a very uncertain but definitely complicated future.

"Don't look at me like that," she says, folding her arms again. "I'm not taking no for an answer."

"It's not up to you."

"Please. I'm your best and only friend not to mention your family now too. If I say jump and I mean it, you have to say how high."

"You're on crack."

"No." She pulls the chair closer and sits in it, leaning over to stare at me like a lunatic. "I am your soul sister. I look out for you like you look out for me. Remember that time Chelsea McStevens said I was a skanky ho, and you got up in her face and told her all about herself?"

"Yes. How could I forget?" I can't help but smile at the memory. I was a superhero that day.

"And remember how when Perry was telling everyone that you gave him a BJ in the laundry room? And I told everyone it wasn't true, that you would never blow an asscar driver?"

My face screws up in disgust. "No! When did that happen?"

She waves my concern away with a flick of her hand. "Never mind. It happened. I was awesome. And you want to know why we do that? Why we stick up for each other?"

"Because we're friends?"

"Yes. And because we are the kind of people who do the right thing because it's the right thing to do. We don't let lies happen. We don't let people get away with hurting us. United we stand, babe ..." She holds up the palm of her hand.

After a few seconds of useless resistance, I put mine against hers. I feel like I'm standing on the edge of a cliff, about to jump. "Divided we fall," I say, smiling nervously through my pain and fear and general unease with this whole situation.

She grips my hand with her fingers and shakes it around a little. "See? That wasn't too hard was it?"

"That was the easy part," I say, pulling my hand back. The needle in my vein is annoying me and all I want to do right now it rip it out. Lying here doing nothing suddenly feels like a really bad idea.

She hands me her phone. "Call the cops. Just dial nine-one-one and we'll get this party started."

The door to the room opens and Rebel sticks his head in. "Cops are here to talk to you."

I try to use my expression to apologize for being rude to him, but he's gone too fast to see it. I turn my head to look at Quin.

Her eyes are bugging out of her head. "Whoa. Your destiny is calling."

"What?"

She grins. "Cops are here and we didn't even have to call them first. That means you're doing the right thing. Destiny, right path, meant to be, all that jazzle."

I roll my eyes. "No, it means that the doctor or nurses called them because I told them I got hurt while being kidnapped."

"Whatever." Quin stands. "I'll be right outside the door."

She's almost out of the room before I stop her. "Quin?"

"Yeah?" She looks over her shoulder at me.

"Thanks."

"Welcome." She grins and it lights up the whole room.

"And ..." My face turns red with embarrassment and possibly fear.

"Yes?"

"If Rebel ... if he wants to ... can you ask him ..."

"You want him in here?" she asks, her eyes going soft.

"Only if he wants to be."

She leaves and two police officers come in.

Over the next hour, I tell them my story five times without tears, even though inside I'm crumbling into pieces over the pain of knowing that Rebel has chosen not to be with me when I need his support most.

When the cops finally leave the room, I fall asleep in exhaustion, welcoming the nightmares that wait with open arms.

This is my life.

CHAPTER FORTY-SIX

I WAS HOPING THE DOCTORS would say I have to stay for a week, but no such luck. Twenty-four hours and I'm being booted out. Not having any insurance probably isn't helping my diagnosis of a mild concussion. The bitter part of me is convinced that if I had insurance I'd suddenly have a fractured skull showing up on my x-rays.

Quin is waiting for me just outside my door and follows the nurse down to the front of the hospital as I'm escorted out in a wheelchair. Lord knows they wouldn't want me passing out in the hallway and getting more hurt on their property on their dime.

I scowl the entire way until I see the car waiting for me in the valet area. Quin is grinning like a mad woman as the nurse bends down to put the brakes on my wheels.

"Rebel's here," I say softly, standing in front of my wheelchair. My heart does a triple flip and my face is burning over just seeing the shiny black paint job of his car. Overnight I'd convinced myself that I'd imagined our love affair, that it was very possibly some weird hallucination brought on by my cranial trauma. But seeing him here brings back a wave of emotions that can't possibly be fake or imagined. He owns me, heart and soul. I'm so afraid he's going to crush me.

When he gets out of the car and stands, it makes me want to run. I'm not sure exactly which direction though - either into his arms or back into the hospital. I stand still, waiting for him to come to me.

As he steps up, Quin fades into the background.

"Hey," he says, stopping in front of me.

"Hey," I say back, pressing my lips together. They tremble with my efforts to stay cool.

"Can I give you a lift?"

My lower jaw juts out. "I don't know."

"I'd like to." His gaze remains steady, his steel blue eyes penetrating my cold exterior.

I try to hold onto my stubbornness. I want him to have an out if that's what he wants. "Are you sure? Because I don't want you to feel obligated."

He steps up closer and looks down at me, raising his hands and pressing them gently against my cheeks. "Taking care of you could never be an obligation. It's a privilege. I'd like to take you home."

And just like that, he breaks down my walls. Tears well up and spill over onto his hands. "I don't have a home."

"Bullshit. Come on." He bends down and kisses me once on the lips before letting me go. His hand slides down to my lower back as he guides me over to the passenger side of the car.

"GTO," I say as he opens the door, proud that I can recognize a nice muscle car by model name now.

"You know it, babe."

I get in, careful not to jiggle my head around too much. Resting it against the seat as he buckles me in and shuts the door, I contemplate my near future.

Rebel didn't abandon me. And me being a bitch hasn't put him off being my boyfriend either. And now, besides all that, he's offering me a place to live. Maybe.

I take in a deep breath and let it out really slowly, trying to center myself. One day at a time, Teagan. Take it easy. Life doesn't have to suck. It can be good sometimes too.

"You okay, babe?" Quin's face is in my window. Her voice is muffled by the glass between us.

I nod a tiny bit. "Yeah."

"I'm going to leave you with Rebel. I'll come over tomorrow to check on you, okay?"

"Okay." I close my eyes, gritting my teeth against the pain of Rebel getting in and rocking the car by slamming his door shut.

His hand closes over mine as he starts the car and drives off.

I listen to the deep rumbling of the car's engine, letting it put me partially to sleep on the way back to Rebel Wheels. For once I'm glad Rebel is a man of few words. By the time we pull into the parking lot, I've got my heart beating nice and even and the headache is just a dull ache in the back of my brain.

"Wait here," he says.

I watch him get out of the car and jog around to my side, opening my door. It's the most hurried pace I've ever seen him use, and it makes me go all funny inside knowing he's so worried about me. I feel special, and I cannot remember the last time I felt that way.

He scoops me up and carries me to the door.

It opens from the inside, and Colin is there waiting for us. "Need help?" he asks, looking first at his brother and then at me.

"Get the door," Rebel says, gesturing with his chin.

Colin goes ahead of us, opening and closing doors behind us as Rebel carries me up to his apartment.

"You don't have to baby me," I say, feeling a little silly about being carried up the stairs.

"Yes, he does," says Colin, holding the apartment door open for us. "You're his girl."

I don't know what to say to that, but it doesn't matter, because even if I did, the words probably wouldn't come out anyway. My heart is swollen with joy to twice its normal size. Rebel didn't argue with his brother. I pray that it means he agrees. As corny as it sounds, I really want to be Rebel's girl.

Mick is inside the apartment, placing a blanket down over the couch cushions. "Hey," he says, dropping it and coming over. "Teagan, how're you feeling?"

Rebel stands still, allowing his brothers to gather around me as I rest in his arms.

"I'm fine." I look at each of their faces, taking in the concern there and their protective stances. I feel like I have a wall of muscle and care surrounding me. "Geez, you guys. Let a girl breathe." I giggle a little awkwardly, not knowing how to handle all the attention.

Mick backs up a little and so does Colin, but neither of them stops staring.

Rebel lowers my legs but keeps his arm on my back. "Come on. Lie down on the couch."

"I'll get you some water," says Mick, skipping out of the room.

"How about a wash cloth?" asks Colin, disappearing into the bathroom.

Rebel places me gently on the couch and sits down opposite me on the coffee table. He brushes my hair off my face as he stares into my eyes.

"What is wrong with you guys?" I ask, partially laughing, but also mystified with their reactions to my homecoming.

He gives me a kind of sad half-smile. "I think we're all traveling down memory lane together right now."

"What happened?" I swallow with difficulty, a lump appearing in my throat out of nowhere. I have a very strong feeling this isn't going to be good.

"We had a sister. It was a long time ago, when we were all teenagers."

"What happened to her?" I ask. I haven't seen any pictures of her in the apartment that I can remember.

Rebel lifts his gaze to the windows behind the couch. A tortured expression crosses his face. "She got beat up once."

"Once? Was it bad?"

He nods absently. Then he drops his gaze to me again. "She didn't make it."

I reach my hand out and touch his arm. "I'm so sorry." I cry because I can't help it. He looks miserable, and even though I have no idea who this girl was or what she looked like, I can just picture the three of them crying over a young girl's grave, feeling powerless.

For guys like them, it can't have been easy. It explains a lot, actually - the anger, the silence, the getting into trouble for no reason. They're all hurting, and it makes me want to be stronger for them. I think it's in that moment that my mother-instinct wakes up and becomes a permanent part of me.

He grits his teeth and his jaw muscle tenses over and over as he stares out the window.

When Mick comes out with a glass of water, Rebel finally speaks. "It was a long time ago, but none of us will ever get over it."

"Never," says Mick, holding the glass out for me.

I sit up and take it from him because there's no way in hell I'm not going to respond to the pain I sense coming from all of them. To reject Mick's water would be like ignoring what happened to them, acting like it doesn't matter anymore.

I gulp the liquid down, knowing that somehow I've tripped into a whole other world, a whole other life. It scares me, but at the same time I feel like I belong here. I'm not their sister or the girl who they lost a long time ago, but I matter. I'm not just a nobody anymore, and maybe they actually need me here. Maybe I can make their lives a tiny bit better.

As I lie back down, Colin comes over and places a folded-up wet washcloth on my head.

"Thanks, guys," I say, giving them a watery smile. "I feel much better already."

"What else can we do?" Mick asks.

"Yeah, say the word," Colin adds. "Anything."

"You can clean the hallway up," says Rebel, staring at me for a second and then at Mick.

"Aw, man. I knew I was going to get stuck with that shit."

"You want her to do it?" Rebel asks, his tone strong.

Mick throws his hands up. "No. Geez, lighten up, man. Try decaf." He leaves the room, but not before flashing me a devious grin. He knows exactly what he's doing with his older brother. I'm so going to love baiting Rebel with him later when I don't have a headache anymore.

"I told Dickson I'd go over to the station and give them a statement," says Colin.

"Good, you do that," Rebel says, bumping knuckles with Colin as he walks towards the door.

When we're finally alone, Rebel shifts over to sit on the couch at my side. After re-adjusting the washcloth on my forehead he leans down and kisses me softly on the lips. I reach up to hold him around the neck but he resists me, sitting up.

"Rejection," I say softly. "Ouch."

He takes my hand in his and kisses my fingers. "Never."

My mind is racing with possibilities. We could talk about the weather, about the men who dirtied up his hallway with their blood, or about the girl the three of them buried after she got beat up. We have probably more than fifty halfway decent topics to discuss besides those, but none of them holds my interest like the topic of us does. I really, really want to know what my future holds and whether Rebel is going to be in it.

"So, what's the plan, then?" I ask, holding my breath as I wait for his answer.

"What do you want the plan to be?" he says, staring into my eyes. There's vulnerability in his expression, and it gives me hope. His stern look is gone and all that's left is a young man waiting to find out what I'm thinking.

"I'm not saying anything. It's all up to you. I'm at your mercy." It's his turn to speak up. I have a headache and I'm on the injured list, besides. For once, I want him to be the one to say what needs to be said without me blabbing my head off first.

"The plan, huh?" he asks.

"Yep. The plan."

The sounds of Mick cleaning the hallway and bumping into the door come into the room. Rebel and I ignore all of it.

"I want you to stay here," he finally says.

"Here at your business? As the queen of files?"

"Yes."

My heart sinks.

"And here in my apartment," he adds.

"As what ... ? Your ....?" I can't say the words. I don't know what the right ones are.

"As my girl. Be my girl, living here with me in my apartment."

I try to smile, but it comes out more like a grimace as tears battle to come out at the same time.

"Or I could get a house if you'd rather," he shrugs. "I know this place isn't much."

I put my free hand over our entwined fingers. "No, it's fine. It's really nice, actually. I don't need fancy."

"So you're good?" he asks. "With staying here? With me?"

He looks so hopeful, I can't mess with him. The teasing tone and the sassy words that were about to jump out fade away, and the girl I almost never let the world see comes out to share this moment with Rebel. "Yeah, I'm good. I want to be with you and not just as your employee. I want to be your girl."

He smiles, and it's not one of those half-smiles either.

"Damn. You have a lot of teeth," I say, giggling when he smiles even harder.

"You make me happy," he says simply.

And I know exactly how big a deal that is. I reach up and run my fingers through the hair at the side of his head. "You make me happy too."

"So we're going to do this," he says, breathing out a big sigh.

"Yeah. Is that terrible?" I'm worried about his reaction. My eyebrows come together as I try to read his mind and figure out why he suddenly looks so serious.

"Nah. It's good. It's real good." His smile comes back, but this time it has a hint of the devil in it. He leans down to kiss me, and when I lift my hand to bring him closer, he doesn't pull away.

"Come on," he says, getting halfway up as he slips his hands under my back and legs. His lips press against mine as he walks.

"Where are we going?" I ask as I'm lifted up into the air. I giggle into his mouth as his tongue comes out and licks my lips.

"To bed." He puts his face into my neck and sucks a spot on my skin hard, making me squeal.

"What are we going to do there?" I ask, still smiling like a fool and praying he won't say sleep.

"We're going to sexty-nine, of course," he says, taking long strides through the room.

I laugh all the way to the bed, my heart as light as a feather and totally belonging to Rebel.

