February 14, 1992

Emily

Seeing other women naked wasn't something I enjoyed. Not even a little bit. Seeing other people have sex wasn't something I enjoyed, either. Not that I had ever seen that before in my life. Until now. But I couldn't blame this mess on anyone other than myself. What I was witnessing was all my fault. Bleaching this from my brain would be impossible.

I pressed farther back into the corner of the room and closed my eyes tightly so I could focus on how the heck I was going to get out of here. Watching the live porn in front of me wasn't helping me concentrate, though. I was too busy trying not to vomit in my mouth.

It wasn't that I was a prude. I mean, I hadn't had sex yet, but I wanted to, eventually, with the right guy. The scene I was being forced to bear witness to was not by any means what I wanted. Ever.

Sure, these guys were becoming rock gods. Slacker Demon had just nailed their first multiplatinum record, and the world loved them. They were taking over the Billboard charts with one hit after another. Add to that the fact that three of the five members were really very attractive, in a bad boy kind of way. Women threw themselves at all of them.

Including my cousin, Sonya. She had been lusting after the drummer, Dean Finlay, from the beginning. He was nice to look at, I would give her that, but from what I was seeing tonight, this was not what Sonya wanted. Surely.

It didn't matter how gorgeous and famous these men were, being a one-time screw for them wasn't something any female should want. Besides, they had to be carrying diseases. I'd seen so many women on their knees tonight it was unreal.

Sonya saw it differently. She had always turned heads. Even when we were kids. Long blond hair, the biggest blue eyes, and eyelashes a mile long were just the beginning. Sonya was five foot ten and nothing but long, tanned legs and a really nice pair of boobs that she'd purchased with her graduation money from high school. Our grandparents had given us each ten grand in hopes we would invest it wisely and use that money to our advantage to start our lives.

I invested mine with the help of my grandfather. Sonya bought herself a set of double-Ds.

I tried to search through the crowd for her, but she had been missing ever since I saw her flirting with the bassist, Trac Trace. He wasn't one of the beautiful ones, but he was talented.

I hadn't realized how talented until I had seen him perform at the last four stops on their tour. Why had I seen the last four tours? Because I loved Sonya, and she needed me. Her father had just left her mother for another man, and Sonya was falling apart. When she had needed to hit the road and get away from all the mess at home, I had told her I would go with her.

So now I was a groupie who hid in corners and closed her eyes. Tonight was the first night we had actually made it back to the after-party room. Sonya had slept with several guys to get us here. I had spent a lot of nights waiting for her with my can of pepper spray held tightly in my hand while I hid in the shadows. I was drawing the line tonight, though. I couldn't keep doing this. I wanted to go back to South Carolina.

"You OK?" a deep voice asked, close enough that I felt the warmth of his breath. My eyes snapped open, and I stared right into the eyes of a guy I didn't know. His hair was normal, and so was his clothing. I also noted that his breath did not smell like alcohol.

"Yes," I replied, watching him carefully. Although he appeared not to be drunk or high, I didn't know him. I wasn't trusting him just yet.

He studied me a moment, as if to make sure, and then grinned. "You don't look like you're enjoying yourself." He glanced out at the wild orgy going on in front of us.

"Not exactly, no."

He placed a hand on the wall beside me and tilted his body toward mine. This was not a good thing. I took a step back and watched him to make sure he didn't make any sudden moves.

He chuckled. "Can I ask why you're here? It isn't exactly easy to get back here. Most babes have worked hard for it."

Small talk wasn't on my list of things I wanted to do, either, but talking to this guy was better than watching the love fest. "My cousin wanted in. She has the looks to get noticed. I'm just here waiting on her."

The guy's dark eyes did a quick scan of my body, lingering over places I would rather he didn't. I crossed my arms over my chest protectively.

When his eyes made it back to my face, I scowled at him.

"You could have gotten in all by yourself. I can assure you of that," the guy said.

Who was this, and why was he bothering me? I shifted farther away from him and focused my attention on the floor.

But that didn't last long. A crash caught my attention, and I snapped my head up to see what all the laughing and squealing was about.

Standing in the center of the room, wearing nothing but a pair of black leather pants that hung off his hips, was the lead singer of Slacker Demon and the most beautiful man I had ever seen: Kiro Manning. His blue eyes were startlingly clear. His corded arms and washboard stomach were decorated with colorful tattoos. Then there was his hair, just long enough to keep pulled back in a ponytail. Which he did often.

Problem was, he was also the biggest man-whore in the band.

The smile on his face right now, as he commanded everyone's attention in the room, was wicked. There wasn't another word for it. He knew he was wanted, and he loved it. "Broke my fucking bottle of vodka. Need a new one," he announced, then held out a hand and crooked his finger at a redhead who was currently topless and wearing only a thong. She hurried over to him, and he pulled her into the crook of his arm and laid his palm over her breast.

I tore my gaze off him then. I would admit that I had my own fantasies about Kiro Manning alone in my room at night. Seeing him fondle another woman, however, was sure to kill that.

"Gonna get me another fucking bottle?" he asked.

I didn't look at him. I focused on my hands.

"I better go get him a drink," the guy whispered, and left my side.

The din had started up again. I was never getting out of here. There was a limit to things I would do for Sonya. Tonight I had met that limit. I was finding her, and we were leaving. We were in a backroom behind the stage. It wasn't like she could get lost. I just had to suck it up and wade through the naked bodies.

My mother had warned me about going on this trip. I hadn't listened, and now I was really wishing I had. This was becoming a nightmare. Lifting my head, I scanned the crowd again, purposely avoiding Kiro's direction in case he was now having sex with the topless girl. If I could preserve my fantasies, I really wanted to.

Moving through the crowd, I kept my eyes open for Sonya and didn't let myself focus on what everyone else was doing. When I reached the back of the room, I saw the back of Sonya's blond head as she pressed up against a guy. They were only kissing, but his hands had pulled up her short skirt and were cupping her bottom. From this view, it looked like she had gotten Trac's attention. I recognized his tattooed knuckles. Having Fuck Yeah imprinted on your hands permanently sounded idiotic to me, but the man was a rocker. Common sense probably didn't factor into his decision-making.

I really didn't want to interrupt them, but my desire to leave was stronger. It was almost two in the morning, and I was exhausted. I was also tired of trying to hide in a corner.

"Sonya!" I called out her name over the noise.

She stiffened but went right back to sucking Trac's face.

"Sonya!" I called louder, letting her know I wasn't going to leave if she ignored me.

This time, she came up for air and glared over her shoulder at me. "What?" Annoyance was all over her face. She had gotten one of the band members, and I was messing things up for her.

"I'm sorry, but it's late. I want to go."

"Not having a good time, sugar?" The raspy voice was Trac's. His blond hair was also long but with a shaggier look. I didn't look at him. I kept my gaze locked on Sonya.

"I'm busy," she hissed, as if she couldn't believe I was doing this. Could I just leave her here? Was that safe? No, probably not.

"Hey, easy. Don't be so mean," Trac said, gently pushing Sonya away from him as he made his way toward me. I shifted my gaze to him and realized we might have a problem. "What's the matter, gorgeous? Is no one showing you a good time?"

I stepped back, and he smirked. I looked back at Sonya pleadingly. She, however, was looking at Trac with fire in her eyes. Crap.

"Not sure how we all missed you. I know my boys, and if they'd gotten a look at you, we would all be in a fucking brawl right now, trying to decide who gets in those jeans." He reached out a hand and ran a finger slowly down my arm.

He was a jerk. Surely Sonya saw this and was ready to leave now. We could go home tomorrow.

"Emily, you need to leave. Now. I'll see you tomorrow." Sonya's voice was hard and barely containing her fury. The warning look in her eyes was enough to let me know she didn't want me messing this up for her. She didn't care that he was openly hitting on me. What was she thinking?

"I can't leave you here," I started to say, but she cut me off.

"Yes, you can." She wrapped her arms around one of Trac's and pressed her chest against him. She whispered something in his ear, but I could still feel his eyes on me.

"I don't want you to leave," Trac said to me, shrugging Sonya loose and closing the space between us. "Not sure I've ever seen eyes that color before. Fucking intoxicating." His hand reached up to cup my cheek.

I jumped back quickly, and his smile grew.

"And damn, she's sweet," he said, as if that was what he wanted most in the world. The man was crazy.

"Leave, now!" Sonya yelled at me.

I decided then that as much as I loved her, I wasn't staying here for this. Trac made me nervous, and she was furious with me. She should be furious with him, but no, she was mad at me.

I spun around and hurried back toward the door, squeezing between bodies as I made my way. If I weren't so angry at Sonya right now, I'd be worried. This was so stupid. Why was she staying here?

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Dean Finlay and his bare butt. I wasn't about to look harder to see exactly what he was doing.

Sonya was wasting her time with this.

"Don't leave me, gorgeous. I'll be good. I fucking swear," Trac called out.

I turned around to see if Sonya was following me. But she wasn't. Trac was. Oh, crap.

Kiro

I took a swig of my vodka and looked down while the redhead-wait, no, this one was a blonde-unzipped my jeans. I wasn't sure where that redhead went. Oh, wait, yeah, the tits on the blonde had been massive. Fake, but who gave a fuck. Those babies were huge.

"Don't leave me, gorgeous. I'll be good, I fucking swear," Trac's voice called out as he shoved past me. Who the fuck was he yelling at?

I looked to see where he was headed, and my gaze stopped the moment I saw her. Motherfucking hell.

I took a step forward, but the blonde on her knees was blocking my way. I shoved her hands away and moved around her.

"I'll be good. Just come talk to me," Trac said again, loud enough for everyone to hear.

Her eyes went wide, and I realized the gorgeous brunette was the one Trac was talking to. I didn't like that. Where had she come from? I had never seen her before, because I sure as hell would have remembered.

She wasn't dressed like the other women here. The jeans and sweater she had on fit her curvy body nicely. She didn't need to show off all she had to get attention. Her perfect pink lips were so damn full they made a man think about where he wanted them. The package was perfect, but damn, it was that innocent look in her eyes that sucked me in.

She didn't belong here. But she'd gotten in, and I was going to fucking have her. Trac could give it up. They all wanted me. I was the ultimate motherfucking prize. I didn't have to compete with the others. This one was mine tonight.

I was almost to her when she spun around and hurried toward the exit. Shit! I stalked toward Trac, giving him one hard push. He stumbled and fell over against the wall as I brushed past him.

I heard him curse and call me "a sorry motherfucking bastard." I didn't care. He was going to have to get over it. That one was mine. I might even fuck this one twice before I was done.

The guard at the door saw me coming and stood in front of the exit, blocking her in for me. She asked him to move in the sweetest Southern accent I'd ever heard. Fuck me.

"I just want to leave. No one even cares that I'm here, I assure you. I only got in because of my cousin. She's the one the guys want."

Her cousin? Fuck, did it get better than her?

The guard lifted his eyes to me, and she turned to see who he was looking at. I could feel the small gasp she released in my damn dick. Shit, this one was hot.

Hell, no, she wasn't leaving. I had been having a hard time picking one tonight to take back to the hotel, but I'd hit the goddamn jackpot. I bet she smelled sweet, too. Her pussy wouldn't be overused. I bet it was tight.

"You leaving without saying hello?" I asked, flashing her the smile that got me into panties even before I was a rock star.

She sucked in another breath, and her face was so damn expressive. I could see surprise, then shock, then confusion, all swirl in her pretty eyes. I wondered how those eyes would look when I made her come. I was fucking finding out.

When it was apparent that she wasn't going to speak, I took another step toward her and ran a finger down her cheek, just to see if that skin was as soft as it looked. Fuck me, it was. Then she shivered.

"You got a name, Princess?" I asked, surprising myself. I didn't ever ask names. I just called them all Princess. It was easier.

"I'm just ... I need ... I was leaving. I gotta go," she stammered, pointing over her shoulder toward the door my man still guarded.

Had Trac scared her? Stupid fucker better not have hurt her. She was like one of those beautiful dolls you weren't supposed to touch because they might break.

"But you can't leave yet. We haven't met," I said, slipping a hand to rest on her hip, skimming past her tiny waist and flaring hips. That ass would be one I would need to shoot my load all over.

"I'm just here with my cousin. Not ... I mean ... I'm not actually a guest. I got in because of her. She's all set now, so I'm leaving."

Sweet. Jesus Christ, she was so damn sweet. How could a woman look like this and be this sweet? This shit didn't happen.

"You're a guest now. You're my guest," I informed her. I held out a hand for her to take. "Come with me. We can go somewhere quiet, and you can tell me all about yourself."

She started shaking her head. "Oh, no. That's not ... I just need to leave. I'm tired."

I couldn't do anything but stare at her. I didn't know how to handle this. She was turning me down. Me. No one told me no. Ever. Was this a game? Was that sweetness just an act? Did she get what she wanted by playing hard-to-get and whetting a man's appetite with that fuckable body in clothes that only hinted at what was underneath? Because if it was, it was brilliant. I wanted her. Now. This act was working.

I smirked and took one more step toward her. If she backed up, she'd be pressing against my guard. So I had her. It was me or him. Lowering my head, I brushed my lips over her ear and inhaled. Fuck me, fuck me, she smelled like honey.

"Want you naked and underneath me. This is working, Princess. Now it's time to give in."

Her body went taut, and she stopped breathing. I waited for her to inhale again while I ran my nose up her neck and saturated myself with how fucking amazing she smelled.

"No. I don't do this," she said, sounding breathless. "I just want to leave."

Lifting my head, I looked her in the eyes and saw the fear this time. It was real. She was scared of me. Why was she fucking scared of me? The innocence in her eyes was real. It screamed that she was to be looked at but not touched.

"Please," she begged softly. "Please let me go."

I loved for women to beg me. Granted, I loved to hear them beg for my dick. Or beg me to fuck them harder. But this ... it gripped my chest. Fuck me, I was gonna let her go. Because she'd said please. And she'd motherfucking meant it.

I looked up at the guard at the door. He was one of many who traveled with us. "Make sure she gets home safely," I said, and the guard gave me a small nod.

Then I looked back at the untouchable beauty in front of me. She was right. She didn't belong here. She shouldn't be part of this. I didn't say good-bye, because I wasn't calling her Princess again. I called girls I fucked Princess.

Before I could change my mind, I turned and walked back toward the crowd. There were plenty of brunettes in here I could use tonight. But that angel face would be what I saw when I closed my eyes.

Emily

Sonya hadn't come back to the hotel. I had stayed up waiting all night, trying to calm down and give her the time to wake up and do the walk of shame. I took a shower, changed into clean clothes, and ate two of the granola bars we kept in our luggage for breakfast to save money. We were definitely on a budget. Following a band around was not cheap.

I paced the small room and watched the door, willing the doorknob to turn. But by noon, with no sign of Sonya, I knew I had to pay for another night's stay and then go find her. Which meant more money spent, because she had the keys and the car; I had come back to the hotel in a limo last night.

Because of Kiro Manning. My heart sped up at the memory of his deep, sexy drawl as he tried to get me to stay last night. His eyes had been even more breathtaking up close. Every fantasy I'd had about him had flashed before my eyes as he touched my hip and then my face.

His lips had brushed my ear, and every cell in my body had caught fire. It had taken all of my strength and good sense to walk out the door. Holding on to the image of him groping several topless women and then the blonde who had been between his legs helped keep me from melting under his gaze.

No. I would not think about that man. He was not for me. He just liked women. I had been leaving, and Trac had been calling for me to come back. That was the only reason he noticed me. I had been easily overlooked until then.

I had to find Sonya. That was my only concern. Then I was going home to South Carolina, with or without her. Maybe after last night, she'd gotten her taste of those men and was ready to leave.

I had started for the door when the phone rang. It was probably the front desk telling me I had to get my crap out; it was checkout time. I walked over and picked it up, ready to explain the situation.

"Hello-"

"Emily," Sonya said through a yawn. "I need you to pack up our shit and get a cab and come here."

What? Come where? "Where are you? You have the car-why can't you come here?"

"Because," she said as she lowered her voice. "I'm in the penthouse at the Grand. With the entire band. All of them."

I sat down on the bed and let her words register. She was in a penthouse with all of them? Did that mean she'd ...

"Trac came back to me last night, and I ended up going to their hotel. Then Dean Freaking Finlay fucked me on the bar, and Dash and I messed around on the sofa and passed out. When I woke up, Kiro was sitting in the chair across from me, looking like the most fucking gorgeous creation on earth. He asked my name and where I was from. Then he asked me to stay with them today. They don't leave until tomorrow. So get your shit, and get over here."

She was going to sleep with all of them? Oh, God. I didn't want to be there when she screwed with Kiro. He was in my fantasy world. After last night, I didn't want to ruin that.

"Uh ... I'll just book another night here. They asked you to stay, not me. So I'll stay here. You ... just ... you are using protection, aren't you?"

Sonya let out a frustrated groan. I didn't see why she had to get so frustrated. I was just worried about her being safe. "I need my luggage," she snapped.

Crap. OK. "I can bring that to you if you don't want to come get it. But I wish you'd-"

"Just bring it. I need it. You can go back to the hotel and stay there. I don't care. But I won't let you ruin this for me. This is why I came on this trip! I need this." She was still whispering.

Sonya had three pieces of luggage. Hauling that by myself wasn't going to be easy. Normally, I carried mine and one of hers, and she carried the other two. They were bulky, and one didn't roll at all.

But she had been through an awful time the last two months, and if this made her happy, then I'd do it. "OK. Fine. I'll bring it to you. But could you at least meet me in the lobby? This stuff is hard to handle all by myself."

She sighed. "Sure. I'll meet you down there in thirty minutes." She hung up.

I looked at the phone in my hand and wondered what I had done to annoy her. I said I'd bring it to her. Although what she was doing was degrading. I hadn't pointed that out.

Once I had all her luggage packed up and managed to get it downstairs, I spent ten more minutes trying to get a cab. I had twenty dollars left. I would need to get more money from Sonya to cover the fare back, but I hoped this was enough to get me to the Grand.

Watching the meter the entire ride, I breathed a sigh of relief when the total came to fifteen dollars and ten cents. I gave the driver my twenty, and when he gave me the change, I tipped him two dollars.

As I stepped out, I noticed the hotel was very different from ours. Someone was unloading the bags immediately, and the guy smiled at me as he rolled the luggage toward the doors. I was relieved I didn't have to struggle to get all three bags inside.

"Checking in?" the guy asked me.

I almost laughed. This place was so out of my league. I shook my head. "No. But I'm bringing that luggage to my cousin. She's staying the night with a guest ... or guests here. They're in the penthouse." I looked around. "She was supposed to meet me down here."

The surprise in his eyes was obvious. He must know who was in the penthouse. "I can't allow you up there. It takes a special key to get to that floor. Is there a way you can call your cousin?"

I checked the lobby again for any sign of Sonya. She wasn't there. I didn't want to think about what had gotten her sidetracked. "I, uh, could you maybe call up there and ask them about what I need to do with the luggage? I don't mind leaving it, but I want to make sure she knows it's here and she can come get it."

The guy's gaze had drifted lower over my body but snapped back up to look at my face when I spoke. "Yes, of course. Wait right here," he said. I nodded, standing beside the luggage as he went to the concierge desk.

If Sonya wanted her luggage so bad, she at least could have been waiting for me. Then the fact that I was out of cash sank in. Crap. I had to get money from her, or I would be stuck here. I looked over at the bellhop and wondered if he'd mind asking my cousin to come down. Before I could decide how to handle the situation, the guy was hanging up the phone and coming toward me.

He looked amused as he walked up to take the luggage cart. "I've been instructed to bring you and the luggage up," he informed me, then waved his hand for me to walk in front of him. "Private elevator for the penthouse floor is this way."

Why was I supposed to go up? I needed money, but I didn't want to see Kiro again. Would he remember me from last night? Would Trac? No, probably not. They would be sober now, and I wouldn't be someone who stood out last night. There had been so many. And they'd more than likely slept with several girls after I left.

I didn't argue. I went to the elevator. If Sonya needed me to come up, I would. I was surprised she wanted me to. She had sounded so disgusted with me on the phone.

The bellhop swiped a card, and the elevator opened. I stepped inside, and he followed me. The massive size of the elevator surprised me. It was also very elegant and didn't feel like an elevator at all.

"What part of the South are you from?" the bellhop asked.

"South Carolina," I replied.

"I like the accent," he said, smiling.

"Thank you." I didn't know what else to say to that. He didn't sound like someone from Chicago. But I didn't want to ask where he was from in case he was from here.

The elevator opened onto a small landing with two large double doors in front of us. That was it. The whole top floor of this hotel was the penthouse. Wow. He let me lead the way, but I didn't walk up to the door. He was staring at me, so I glanced over at him. He was waiting for me. To do what? Knock?

Oh, heck no. "Uh, they don't know me. I probably shouldn't be the one to knock." The idea of a shirtless Kiro Manning opening the door was terrifying.

The guy cleared his throat. "Mr. Manning answered the phone, and he seemed to know who you were. He described you perfectly."

What? That couldn't be right. How did he know who I was? Even if he remembered from last night, he didn't know Sonya was my cousin. Trac knew we were together, but he was so high he wouldn't have remembered enough to tell Kiro.

"You still want me to ring?" the bellhop asked when I didn't move.

"Please," I said.

He smiled and nodded, then stepped up and rang the doorbell. No need to knock-of course, this place had a doorbell.

One of the large doors swung open, and I held my breath, hoping to see Sonya standing there. Instead, it was Dean. I sighed in relief. I knew he wouldn't recognize me.

"I was asked to bring up the luggage and the lady from downstairs," the bellhop said.

Dean nodded, and his eyes locked on me. One side of his mouth curved up in a half smile, and he shook his head and muttered "Shit" before stepping back to let the bellhop in with the luggage.

"You first," the bellhop said.

"I'm sure they don't want me in there. I just need to see Sonya for a moment. Then I'll be gone," I explained quickly.

Dean's eyebrows rose, and he chuckled. "Well, fuck," he muttered this time. "Darling, if you don't come in here, I'm afraid we'll have a problem on our hands. And I ain't in the mood for that kind of shit today."

What did he mean? Was Sonya causing problems? I hoped they didn't think I could handle her. I had no control over her. This right here was proof of that.

"Come on in and save me the hassle," he said, motioning for me to go inside.

I wasn't afraid of Dean. He didn't make me nervous, although his eyes had given me a once-over that made me feel a little exposed. I moved toward him and hoped this wasn't going to be a problem.

Dean leaned in and inhaled as I walked by him. I didn't look at him. I just kept walking through the foyer. The bellhop's eyes were on me. He seemed concerned, like he wasn't sure he should leave me here. I didn't want him to. I would much prefer that he wait.

"That will be all," Dean said, with his hand still on the door. He wanted the bellhop to leave. "She's fine. But if you don't leave, you may not be."

The bellhop tensed, and he gave me a nod before taking the cart and leaving.

Once he had closed the door, Dean turned to me. "Did you fuck Kiro last night?"

I hadn't been expecting that question. I just stood there, staring at him. Why would he ask me that?

"Fuck. You didn't." He shook his head. "Damn, darling, this shit cannot end well."

"Huh?" I finally asked, trying to figure out what he was talking about.

"What if I told you that I'd like to take off those jeans you're wearing and spread your legs open and lick that pussy?"

Ohmygod. He did not just say that! I had to get out of here. I needed my bellhop back. This was not good. They thought I was here to do what Sonya did. I shook my head and mentally tried to pull together an escape plan.

"It's not a fucking act." Dean hissed as if he was pissed. "Dammit, sweetheart! What were you doing anywhere near that party last night? You look ready to pass the fuck out because I talked about eating your pussy. Girl like you don't belong around this world."

Dean was confusing me. I found my voice. "I just need some money from my cousin. If you could get her, I'll leave. I can't get back to the hotel without a cab. It's a thirty-minute drive, and I don't think I can walk that far. If she's, uh ... busy ... I just need a second of her time. That's all."

Dean stared at me as I spoke, then rubbed his temples before letting out a sigh. "You don't get it," he finally said.

"Don't get what?" I asked.

"How old are you?" he asked, studying my face closely.

"Twenty," I told him, not sure why that had anything to do with this.

He started to say something else but then closed his mouth. I watched him walk toward the large, arched opening to the left. "Follow me."

I didn't want to take another step into this place, but if he was leading me to Sonya, I would go. I needed money to leave. I was stuck without it.

We walked into a living area with two large butter-colored leather sofas and a massive marble fireplace. The fire was lit, and warmth filled the room.

"Hello, Emily," a deep, warm voice said, causing me to pause. He knew my name. Sitting in the far corner of the room in a large chair, with his feet propped up on the table in front of him, was a shirtless Kiro Manning. His hair was damp and curling around his neck. I didn't let myself look at his chest. His piercing blue eyes felt as if they were burning me alive.

"Hello," I replied, but my voice came out in a whisper.

The corners of his lips tugged up. Did he think I had come here for him? "Come sit with me," he said as he took in the rest of me. He did think I was here for him.

"I, uh, my cousin is here. I thought she was ... with you. Or you asked her to stay. I brought her luggage. I need to get money from her so I can get back to my hotel."

Kiro rubbed his stubbled chin with his finger and thumb before pressing his thumb to his bottom lip. That was sexy. I was so going to remember that look tonight in bed.

"Didn't invite your cousin to stay because I wanted her," he said, dropping his legs to the ground and standing up. "Didn't bring her back here last night because I wanted her." He walked around the table and headed my way.

"She ain't acting, man. She blushed and stammered and went into a panic when I told her I wanted to eat her pussy. This innocent shit is fucking real," Dean growled at Kiro.

Kiro's gaze swung to Dean's, and he looked angry. No, he looked furious. "You told her what?"

"She wasn't what I expected. She looks like fucking Snow White. I was testing her, and she passed. She is motherfucking Snow White. Get that through that lust haze you got going on. Not your type, Kiro," Dean had taken a step toward him so that they were now in each other's face, looking like they wanted to rip each other's head off.

"Back off this. Now." Kiro's voice was getting louder.

Dean looked at me then back at Kiro. They continued to glare at each other, and then Dean muttered a curse and stalked out of the room. Leaving us alone.

Dean didn't make me nervous. I wanted him to come back.

Kiro's nostrils flared, then he visibly relaxed before turning back to me. We stood there in silence, staring at each other. I didn't know what he was doing or thinking. I just knew that Kiro Manning scared me and excited me all at the same time. I didn't know what to do with this or how to handle him.

"Your cousin is here because last night, when you walked out that door, I cornered Trac. I wanted your name. And he didn't know it, either, but he knew your cousin."

They had brought Sonya here to get to me? For Kiro? Oh, God. That's what Dean was trying to tell him.

I wasn't going to sleep with him. I wasn't one of his groupies. I wasn't like Sonya. But he wasn't listening.

"I'm not like her," I blurted out.

An amused grin touched Kiro's lips. He had really good lips. Better than good lips. "No, you're not," he replied.

He didn't get it. I tried again. "I'm not a groupie. I'm a fan. I like your music. Y'all are very talented. But just because I like your songs doesn't mean I'll sleep with you."

Kiro stepped closer to me and backed me up until I hit a wall. His eyes were locked on my lips. "You're a fan, huh?" he said in a low, deep rumble.

Kiro

Swear to God, if she bit that bottom lip, I was taking that mouth. Too fucking sweet.

She held her breath.

"You gotta breathe, angel," I told her, lowering my head so I could smell her skin again. Such fucking sweet skin.

"I just need ... I came to bring my cousin's, uh ... I brought her ... luggage," she stammered. I was making her nervous.

"You didn't bring your luggage?" I asked, leaning back so I could look at her. I had told her cousin I wanted Emily here. If Emily came, then she could stay.

She shook her head. "No. I, uh ... I'll just stay at the hotel I'm at. I don't do ... the stuff Sonya does."

But she fucking thought about it. At least, with me. She was fighting it, but it was in her eyes. Right there in that wide-eyed, innocent look, I saw her attraction to me. Trac had said she shot him down. I could teach her how to relax. With her thighs open and my head between her legs, she'd lose that shyness real fast.

My cock thickened in my jeans. The idea of her telling me to lick her as she held my hair in her fists, keeping my tongue on her cunt, was fucking hot. I had never had an angel, and fuck, I wanted one. This one. I wanted to fuck some angel pussy.

I reached up and cupped her face. "Fucking gorgeous," I said, mostly to myself. Because she was. Like them damn dolls. Fuck me, I was gonna get hard every time I saw one of those dolls from now on.

The tip of her pink tongue darted out to wet her lips, and I gave up trying to ease her into this. I wanted that mouth. So I took it.

I licked the seam of her closed mouth until she barely opened, giving me just enough access to plunder my way inside, taking and tasting every honey-sweet bit of her mouth. Her body leaned toward me as her hands grabbed my shoulders. But nothing was as good as the moment her tongue flicked over mine. Groaning at her gentle, shy touch, I reached down and grabbed her waist and hauled her up against me. Hot little body, all fucking curvy as hell. That ass naked, and those tits. God, let those tits be real.

"What the hell?" a female voice shrieked, and although I could ignore it, Emily couldn't. Her body stiffened, and she jerked her hands from my hair, where they had managed to slip into. She tore her mouth from mine and stared up at me as if she'd just committed a crime.

"Emily, what are you doing?" the other girl demanded again. I didn't like the way she was talking to Emily. I didn't fucking like it at all. I also didn't like that I had Emily all sweet and soft in my hands and this other girl had fucked it up.

"I was ... I came, and you weren't ..." Emily was nervous. Fuck that shit. Bitch wasn't going to make her nervous.

"You want to stay here, bitch, then you'll back your nosy ass out of this and leave Emily the hell alone," I warned, glaring back at her over my shoulder while I kept Emily's body against the wall and in my hands.

The girl's eyes flared, and I could see this wasn't going to be that easy. Fuck that. She was leaving.

"Get out of here," I barked, then turned back to look down at Emily. Her eyes were staring up at me. She wasn't saying anything, but every damn emotion she felt was right there, playing across her beautiful face.

"I have to go with her," Emily finally said, her voice a whisper again.

"No," I told her, sliding a hand behind her back and pulling her against me. "You have to stay with me."

"Really?" the cousin said. "You went after Trac last night, Emily, but I was still the one who fucked him. And now you're going after Kiro this morning. I'll be the one to fuck him, too. You haven't got a clue how to make a man happy." She turned toward me. "Trust me, you're wasting your time on her. She's clueless. She can't make you come, but I can." She walked behind me and slid her hands over my ass, then grabbed my hard cock.

Emily's eyes looked like she had been physically slapped. She closed them tightly, as if that would make everything go away. Having Emily in my arms and her soft body against mine as my cock was stroked felt good, but not good enough to put up with the bitch doing it.

Dean stepped into the room, taking in the scene with a disapproving look on his face. He was worried about Emily. Like I was going to fucking hurt her. I was going to be gentle. Love her until she came on my face, my tongue, and many times on my dick before this day was done.

The girl behind me was rubbing her tits against me as she began kissing my neck. "Get her off me before I lose my shit!" I yelled.

Dean moved fast, pulling the girl off me. I scooped Emily up in my arms and headed for the bedroom I'd slept in last night. It was the only bed her skanky-ass cousin hadn't fucked in. I wasn't putting this angel on dirty sheets.

"What are you doing?" Emily asked.

"Getting the hell away from your crazy cousin. I want you alone."

Emily didn't respond right away. I shoved open my bedroom door and kicked it shut behind me, then stalked toward the bed to lay her down. She scrambled to sit up and scoot away from me.

"She was right. I don't know how to do this. I don't do it. I told you I wasn't like her." The panic in her voice made me feel guilty but equally pissed me off. I'd had her going soft and sweet in my arms until the damn cousin had come in here bitching.

"I'm not asking you to do anything you don't want to, angel. I just want to take that mouth again." I leaned down over her and pressed a gentle kiss to her lips. "You liked that, didn't you? Let me have that mouth." I kept my demand soft. And just like fucking butter, Emily melted into me.

When her mouth opened under mine, I took it. Laying her back, I positioned myself between her legs. Her hands were back in my hair, and I loved that. Sweet Emily was holding on as I claimed that mouth.

I pulled one of her legs up my hip. Never in my life had I hated jeans more than I did right now. Women did not come to me in damn jeans. They wore shit that was easy access. I wasn't used to jeans.

"Angel, I want you naked. You gonna let me have that?" I asked, as I kissed her ear and ran my nose along her neck.

She froze under me, and then she trembled. I loved trembling. That was a good sign.

"No." That was not a word I liked. I was starting to fucking hate it.

I jerked Emily's leg back up my hip and pressed my erection against her warm cunt. Fuck, I wanted in there. "I'll make it good, angel. So fucking good. I swear. Best you've ever had. Let me have that cunt." I was begging for pussy. I had never begged for pussy.

I rubbed her harder, and a soft moan escaped her. She was warming up to me. I'd get some sweetness real soon. Just had to work it a little more and get this angel horny for it. I liked having to work for it. I never had to work for pussy. This gave me a fucking thrill.

"I'm a virgin," she whispered, her eyes closed tightly and her breathing erratic.

This time, I froze. Looking down at the beauty underneath me, I saw her cheeks were flushed and her mouth slightly open. She was fucking turned on, and the picture of a turned-on angel was almost too much.

Damn it all to motherfucking hell! I wasn't going to be able to do this. Not to a virgin. Sweet angels didn't give their virginity to guys who just wanted to fuck them before they hit the road the next day.

"Fuuuuuuck!" I growled, jumping back off her and stalking across the room. I had to get some distance. Because right now, that pussy I knew would be sweet and tight just became the tightest and sweetest pussy I'd ever been that close to.

I ran my hands through my hair and jerked at the end, wanting to yell and throw a bunch of shit. How was she a virgin? She had a body that screamed "Fuck me!" and a smile that made cocks hard everywhere. Damn face of hers could make a man do stupid shit. Seriously stupid shit.

So how was she still a goddamn virgin?

"I tried to tell you." Her voice was so soft I almost didn't hear it over my mad ranting. I stopped pacing the floor and cursing to look at her. She had drawn her knees up under her chin, and she was watching me. Those eyes that made men want to sin were unsure and nervous.

Why had I gone so fucking apeshit over a woman? I never did this. Ever. Fuck me. I could fuck all damn day and not have to fuck the same pussy twice, if that's what I wanted. So why her?

She pulled her bottom lip into her mouth and dropped her eyes.

That was my answer. Because I had never had sweet. Fucking ever.

And I wasn't starting now. Emily deserved more than this. I didn't even know her. Would I even like her?

"I'm sorry," she said "If you'll let me, I can go get Sonya, and we can leave."

She was apologizing to me, though she owed no fucking apology to me, and she was still worrying over that slut cousin of hers who needed to be bitch-slapped. She wasn't stripping off her clothes and trying to suck my damn dick. She didn't care that I was Kiro Manning. She wasn't asking for anything from me.

Well, fuck me. Yeah, I liked her. Who the hell wouldn't? Why was she single? Shit didn't make sense. This girl should be pampered and taken care of. Some lucky motherfucker should be worshipping the ground she walked on.

"Come here, angel." I held out my hand to her. She studied it a moment, then looked at my face. Whatever she saw, she trusted. Her small hand slipped into mine. It was so damn feminine. Pretty pink fingernails and dainty fingers. I could see it wrapped around my cock, driving me to the best fucking orgasm of my life. No! I had to stop.

Not with Emily. This needed to end. No sex. She was off-limits. I wanted to preserve this. I didn't want my angel sullied. She was perfection, and I wanted to be close to that. To breathe it in.

"If I order some food, will you stay and eat? We can watch a movie." The words were foreign coming out of my mouth. Never in my life had I spoken them to a female.

At first, I thought she was going to say no again. But a small smile touched her lips instead. "OK," she replied.

June 1992

Emily

This was my fourth date with Will Burton, and tonight he had kissed me. Finally. It hadn't been earth-shattering, but it had been nice. He was a good guy. The kind who fit the white-picket-fence-with-two-kids-and-a-dog mold. I could see that life in his future, but I wasn't yet seeing me in his future. I had tried several times. I just had to keep giving him time. Things could change.

I set my purse down on the kitchen counter and slipped off my heels before pouring myself a glass of juice. The popcorn at the theater had left me thirsty. Just as I started to take a drink, my phone rang. I stared at it a moment. If that was Sonya wanting to know the details with Will, I wasn't in the mood. I moved over and checked the caller ID.

Private caller lit up the screen. Kiro.

Smiling, I picked it up. "Hello, you," I said.

"Hey, angel. How has your week been?" he asked, making me feel warm all over. I walked over to the sofa and sank down on it, tucking my feet underneath me. Kiro called once a week. Some weeks, I got two calls. He liked to check in. He would tell me about the tour he was on, and I would tell him about life here.

"Busy. But I don't work tomorrow, so I'm looking forward to being lazy all day. I may not leave my apartment. How has your week been?"

"Oh, you know. I sang, women screamed, threw panties at me, and begged me to have their kids. My regular night," he replied.

I would have laughed, but he was serious. He always left out the details about those women, whom I knew he practiced child-making with afterward. That was something we never discussed.

Since I'd met him earlier this year, we had become friends. We'd found out that weekend that we shared the same love for Indiana Jones, so we had watched all the movies in his penthouse while the other band members stared at us like we were an alien species they didn't understand.

When I left Chicago, I had thought I'd never hear from him again. But that night, he had called me, and our friendship had grown over the months. Now, when things happened that made me happy or upset me, I immediately thought of Kiro. He was the one I wanted to tell.

"Shame you're sitting home on a Saturday. The guys in South Carolina are idiots," he said, breaking me out of my thoughts.

I hadn't told him about Will yet. He didn't talk about his one-night stands, and I didn't think he'd care about my dating life. But we were friends, and although I did fantasize about him at night, I also knew it was just that: a fantasy. Kiro made it clear he wanted nothing to do with an inexperienced virgin in the bedroom.

"I went on a date tonight. His name is Will. It was our fourth, actually." I tried to sound casual, like this was no big thing. Talking about a guy with him.

He didn't say anything at first, and I gripped the phone tightly, hoping I hadn't done the wrong thing. I didn't want these phone calls to end. Sadly, they had become the highlight of my week.

"Fourth, huh? Guess there's a guy with eyes and a brain down there," he said with a chuckle, but his voice seemed tight. "He got a last name?"

"Burton," I replied.

Kiro was silent again, and then he cleared his throat. "How's that bitch at work? She still giving you shit?" he asked.

I relaxed. This was what we normally talked about. The day-to-day easy stuff. "She got fired," I said, still reeling over how that had happened. "Will heard her reaming me out about something that wasn't my fault. She had threatened to have me fired. Then he walked in and told her she needed to pack her desk up and go home."

"Will? As in the guy you're dating?"

I had forgotten to mention that Will was my boss. I worked at a lumberyard, taking orders and dealing with contractor accounts. Will's dad owned the company. "Yeah, he's the manager," I explained.

Kiro didn't comment, so I decided it was time to shift the conversation away from me. This was awkward. "I bet you're looking forward to going home. Last stop is tomorrow, right?" I had a poster of the band with the tour dates on it hanging in my bedroom. I liked to be able to see where he was each day.

"Last stop was tonight. I'm in London. Five hours ahead of you. It's two in the morning here."

He never called on nights they performed. He usually partied afterward. "What? No party in London?" I asked.

"Yeah. They're partying. I wasn't in the mood. Came back to the hotel."

That didn't sound like Kiro. His whole tone seemed off. "Are you OK? You don't sound like your usual self."

He let out a sigh. "Yeah, I'm good, angel. Just tired. Long-ass tour."

And it was two in the morning. "You want to get some sleep?"

"I'd rather hear you talk."

When he said things like that, my whole body shivered. I loved his deep voice, and any little comment could make me anxious for my bed and my thoughts of him. Because I hated to think of Kiro being sad, I did the best I could to make him smile. I told him every small detail of my day that I thought would amuse him and gave him a recap of the best Saturday Night Live episodes he had missed while on tour. With each laugh I got out of him, my insides felt all tingly.

Kiro

I knocked on the door, trying hard not to be pissed that this piece of shit apartment complex with no fucking security was Emily's home. This wasn't where I'd been picturing her. And I pictured her a fucking lot.

Waiting with my hands tucked in the pockets of my jeans, I was trying to remain calm. But fuck it all, I had been waiting to see her face for months. Every time I heard her voice, my entire body went on high alert. I couldn't rein in its attraction to Emily.

I heard a chain sliding out of the lock as the door swung open, revealing her in a pair of tiny shorts and a camisole. Her hair was tangled, and her gorgeous eyes were wide.

"Kiro," she said, unable to hide the grin that lit up her face. It was midnight. I had changed my flight from London to come here instead of Los Angeles. I didn't fucking miss my house. I only missed one thing while on tour, and it was this face. Fuck me.

"I wake you up, angel?" I asked, stepping into her apartment with my hands still firmly stuck in the pockets of my jeans. I didn't trust them around Emily. They wanted to touch her.

It was then I realized she had just crawled out of bed. Her hands went to her hair as she ran her fingers through the strands, trying to tame them. But I liked it just the way it was.

"I ... you're here. At my apartment." She sounded flustered. Then her nose scrunched up, and she frowned. "Oh, wait. I'm asleep. This is a dream." Her face fell.

Fuck it! I took my hands out of my pockets and wrapped her in my arms. She inhaled deeply as I held her to my chest. "I'm very real, and you're awake," I told her, unable to keep the thickness out of my throat. She got to me. She was fucking with my head. Seriously fucking with it.

"You feel real." Her arms came around my waist.

I closed my eyes and soaked her in. Pressing a kiss to the top of her head, I stood there with her in my arms as long as she would let me. Hell, I would have stood there all damn night if she wanted me to.

"I thought you'd be ready to go home. Aren't you homesick?" she asked, tilting her head back to look up at me.

"I was only missing one thing, angel. And it wasn't in fucking L.A." I winked as I cupped her face and felt her soft skin under my thumbs as I brushed her cheekbones.

She frowned a moment. "Do you mean me?"

I hauled her against me and lifted her inches off the floor as I took the few strides to the sofa and sank down with her in my lap. She didn't pull away, and God, that felt good. "So fucking sweet," I murmured, as I stared down into her face. I hadn't made this shit up. She was better than I remembered. Fuck, she was so much better. That voice had gotten me through the tour.

"I missed you," she said, and reached up and slipped her fingers into my hair, wrapping a few strands around them. "I'm glad you came to see me."

On the flight here, I had practiced this. I had prepared myself for how I was going to get what I wanted. And I wanted Emily close. I didn't want her here. Especially now that I saw where here was. This shit was not going to fly.

"Me, too. I'm also glad I got to see you like this. Messy bed hair and cute little pajamas." I tried hard to keep my face casual instead of needy.

"This was why you wanted my address, then? Not because you were going to mail me something?" she said, a grin on her lips. Loved those lips. Wanted those lips.

"Yeah, angel. That's why," I assured her.

She beamed. The delight on her face at me being here was real. Just like my Emily. Real. The most real thing in my life.

"You ever been to L.A.?" I asked, already knowing the answer to this.

She shook her head no.

"You would love it there. The sun and the beaches. It's beautiful." I had to sell her on this. Because I wasn't leaving without her.

She blinked. "I'm sure I would."

I shifted and moved her to sit beside me so I wouldn't grab her and take off running if she said no. Also, I was getting a fucking hard-on from her plump little ass in my lap.

"Before I left on tour, I had to fire the house manager. She fucked Dean and got all territorial. It was ugly. So I need someone else to oversee shit. Like the groceries and making sure the cleaning lady and the lawn man get paid. I also need someone to get the mail and make sure everyone on my payroll is doing their job. It's a job I can't just trust anyone with. Salary is two hundred grand and health benefits. Living expenses are covered, since you'd be staying at my house. I've thought about this for a while. I'd really like for you to take it."

She was silent for a moment as she stared at me. I held my breath.

"Did you just offer me a job to move to L.A. and manage your house and get paid two hundred thousand dollars a year?" she asked.

"Yeah, I did." I had paid the last house manager seventy-five thousand. But Emily didn't have to know that.

She rubbed her eyes and muttered, "I think I'm still asleep. Crap."

I couldn't keep from laughing as I pulled her hands away from her eyes. "Told you once, babe, this isn't a dream. It's real, and I'm here. Now I want you to tell me, 'Yes, Kiro, I accept the job offer.' "

She sat there and stared at me with her mouth slightly open. Sticking my tongue in there was real damn tempting.

"I ... but ... school starts in the fall. If I leave my job now, I won't have it when I come back, and I need it to-"

"We have colleges in L.A. This job doesn't end in the fall. We don't have a tour scheduled until next summer. We've got an album to record this year, but first we have to write the damn songs. I need you there." I had come prepared for anything she threw at me. I was getting this. I wanted Emily with me.

"But ... OK, let me think," she said, looking away as she frowned.

"I can get you enrolled in classes for the fall. That will be a part of the work perks, too. College tuition paid."

"I have college loans. I don't need-"

"I'll pay those off." I rushed, cutting her off.

Emily put her hand on my chest and let out a laugh. "Stop. I'm trying to work this out in my head. I don't expect you to pay me all that money and cover my college expenses. Even if I lose my college loans, I'll be making enough money to pay my tuition, I think. How much do colleges cost out there?"

Didn't know or fucking care. "It's paid. Doesn't matter."

Her frown was adorable. "Kiro."

"Emily," I replied, just as seriously.

Then she laughed and laid her head on my chest. God that felt amazing. I wrapped my arms around her and held her there, not wanting to let go. Fucking ever. "Just tell me yes. I can do this all night," I told her, pressing a kiss to the top of her head.

"My mother will flip out," she said, lifting her head to look up at me again. "She will have a fit. A bad one."

"You're twenty years old," I reminded her. I would deal with her momma, too, if I had to.

She sighed and nodded. "I know. But she's not going to like this. She knows I talk to you. I told her. But she won't be OK with me living in L.A. with ... a rock band."

Probably one of the reasons my Emily was so damn sweet and innocent. I couldn't dislike her momma. She'd raised my angel. "If I need to, I'll talk to her. I swear, you'll be safe. A hell of a lot safer than you are in this place. No one will touch you. I swear. I'd kill 'em, and they know it."

"If I point out that I have a lease on this apartment and that my things are here and I have nowhere to take them, you're going to have an answer for that, aren't you?" she asked, looking like she was ready to cave in.

"I'll pay off the lease, and we will put your furniture in storage."

She studied me a moment, and then a smile slowly spread across her lips. "I can't believe I am saying this ... but yes. I accept."

Fuck, yes!

One week later

Emily

Life with Slacker Demon was like a movie. I hadn't thought about what it would look or feel like, since I had been so busy taking care of things in the last week. I had let Will know I was resigning, which hadn't gone well. Then my mother had begged me not to go. In the end, she had given in and told me that home would always be there when I needed it.

Packing my things for storage and shipping what I needed to Los Angeles had consumed every moment after. Not once had I stopped to think about what I had said yes to. Now, standing in a mansion with every luxury known to man, I realized my life had just taken a massive turn.

I worked for Slacker Demon. It was my job to make sure this house was taken care of and everyone had all they needed. Talk about a huge addition to my resume. Wow.

Dean walked into the room, with a cigarette hanging out of his mouth and wearing nothing but a pair of pajama pants with skulls all over them. "Well, lookie who finally arrived," he drawled.

"Did Emily's stuff get here?" Kiro asked, carrying the one duffel bag that I had brought with me on the plane.

Dean's gaze went from Kiro to the piece of luggage in his hand. Then his eyebrows shot up as his gaze swung back to his friend. He was surprised about something, clearly.

"Emily's stuff. Did it fucking get here?" Kiro asked in a clipped tone.

Dean muttered something, then nodded his head to the left. "Yeah. I had it all sent to the room Viv used."

"That's not where I fucking wanted it," Kiro snarled.

"Can't read your damn mind," Dean replied, rolling his eyes. He sauntered over to the nearest sofa and sank down onto it.

"Follow me," Kiro said, his tone much different now. He was softer with me. "I'll show you your room, and then I'll have your things moved in there."

"OK," I said, wondering if I should just go where Dean wanted me to be. He lived here, too, and I didn't want to make him angry.

"Which room you giving her?" Dean asked.

"The white one," Kiro replied.

Dean let out a sigh. "Shit," he muttered.

"If Dean wants to leave that room available, I can use the room he had my things sent to."

Kiro stopped walking and looked back at me. "Dean lives in the left wing of this house. The right wing is mine. He doesn't get to decide who lives in any of my rooms."

Oh. Then why did he seem upset about it?

Dean hadn't asked me to work for him. Just Kiro. But I would be working for Dean, too. In his house. What if he didn't want me here? Why hadn't I thought of that?

Kiro led me up a grand staircase, the kind I'd only seen in movies. "The place is big, but I'll give you a tour. If you get lost, just take a bunch of right turns, and you'll end up back here." He glanced back at me with a sexy little smirk on his face.

"Right turns, got it," I said. I didn't let my gaze linger on him. I worked hard to be a good friend to him. I didn't want to make him uncomfortable with my little infatuation.

Dating Will had helped a little but not much. Now that I was living across the country from Will, that was over. He hadn't been very happy about it, either. He'd actually raised his voice to me and asked me if I was stupid.

I didn't answer him, because maybe I was being stupid. My mother didn't seem to think it was smart. But if I had said no, I was sure I'd regret it for the rest of my life. Being near Kiro made me happy.

He stopped and opened a door, and I almost ran into his back. I'd been so lost in my thoughts. "This is your room. I will show you your office, if you'd rather have one not attached to the bedroom. There's a sitting room through there that can be used as an office, but that's your call."

I stepped inside, unable to form words just yet. Office, sitting rooms, and holy crap, this bedroom was massive. It even had a large marble fireplace. I understood now why it was called the white room. It looked like heaven. Everything was a soft white. Even the bed had a white, flowy canopy that gathered at each corner and hung down until it puddled at the floor. I was going to get lost in that bed. Four people could sleep in it comfortably.

"What do you think?" Kiro asked. He almost sounded nervous.

I spun around to look at him, and all I could do was smile. The big, goofy kind of smile that just can't be helped.

He took a few steps toward me, and his perfectly sculpted lips tugged up a little at each corner. "You got words to go with that beautiful smile?" he asked in a husky voice that always made me shiver. Problem was, he wasn't on the other end of a phone. He was in front of me. I would have to control my shivers around him.

His smile faltered, and his nostrils flared as he inhaled sharply. We stood there a moment, just staring at each other. I was afraid to breathe, and he didn't move toward me again. I wasn't sure what had happened, but I was afraid he was keeping his distance because of my shiver.

"It's ... it's amazing," I finally choked out, trying to get us back on comfortable ground.

Kiro's shoulders eased some, and he nodded, then stepped back from me. "Good. I'm glad you like it. I'll send someone up, uh, in a little bit to show you around. I have some shit to do that I've been putting off." He gave me a forced smile and left the room.

Well, crap. I'd just made him run off. This might have been the biggest mistake of my life. Being close to him like this all the time wasn't going to be easy. If he freaked out and ran every time I did something stupid, like shiver, then we were never going to make it. I would have to go back home. But I didn't want to. Not now.

I was just going to have to work harder not to think about Kiro's lips or his sexy voice. I was his employee now. I had a job to do, and it didn't involve lusting over my boss.

Kiro

From the moment Emily told me she was dating that dickhead, I knew I was bringing her here. She wasn't mine, but dammit, the idea of some other man touching her drove me insane. So I made it happen. I had won. She was here. But fuck me, what the hell was I going to do with her now?

Six months ago, all I could think about was fucking her. Not much had changed, except now I liked her. I cared about her. I would kill anyone who hurt her. But I still wanted to fuck her. Seeing her shiver when I got close to her was pushing me. I wasn't a good guy.

"You got the princess in her tower?" Dean asked.

I shot a glare over to him as he stood at the bar pouring himself a Scotch. "Don't call her that," I growled.

Dean smirked as he took a drink of the amber liquid. "That's right. You haven't fucked her. She's not a princess." My scowl deepened, and Dean chuckled. "I'm just teasing you. It's fucking fun to be able to tease your possessive ass."

"Her name is Emily. She will be treated as part of the family. I want her respected," I reminded him.

He nodded and held up his hands, as if surrendering. "I got it. No problem. I just want to know exactly what she'll be doing. Rush's momma is bringing him to me. Said she needs to get some shopping done. Viv used to help me with him. Is Emily gonna do the same?"

Rush was Dean's two-year-old son. He was a cute kid, but he was still a baby. Viv had helped with all that baby shit. I hadn't thought about Emily having to do that. I wasn't sure I wanted her to. Rush's mother, Georgianna, was fucking insane. I wasn't sure I wanted Emily going anywhere near her kid. Especially considering I'd fucked the bitch a couple of months ago when she'd shown up at one of our after-parties. Too much vodka that night. Then we had fucked a few more times. She kept coming around, and she was really good with her mouth. But she'd gone crazy bitch, and I'd ended that shit.

"Much as I like your kid, I don't like his momma. Emily ain't getting anywhere near Georgianna."

Dean took a long swig of his Scotch. When he set the empty glass down, he sighed. "I figured as much. Might as well warn you, Georgianna is also coming to see you. Can't believe you fucked her. What the hell were you thinking?"

"I wasn't thinking. I was trashed and she sucks like a damn vacuum."

"I figured as much. But now you got her wanting to see you. Bitch ain't easy to shake. Her fiance ran off with her cousin. He called me pissed that I'd knocked her up, and I told him it wasn't me. Y'all had been fucking. Not me. Now she's saying he married her cousin. Can't say I blame him. Georgie's cousin was gorgeous and fucking sweet. But now she's on the rebound, and you walked right into that shit."

We were gonna have to hire a nanny. I wasn't letting Emily near her now. No fucking way. "I don't want that crazy bitch in the house."

Dean frowned. "She's Rush's mom. I gotta let her come inside."

"Then Emily and I'll be gone. When do they get here?"

Dean shook his head. "You taking out the help? Seriously? Why are you even pretending this is about Emily working for us? You wanted her here so you could have her. That's all this is. Admit that shit, and hire a real house manager."

If only it were that fucking easy. "When are they coming?" I repeated, ignoring him.

"She said she'd call when the plane landed."

"Hire a nanny. I'm going to see if Emily is up for dinner tonight." I turned and headed back toward the stairs.

"Why can't Emily find me a nanny? That's her job," Dean called out after me.

"Fuck off!" I yelled in reply, and took the stairs two at a time. I was anxious now. I wanted to rescue Emily before Georgianna walked through that door.

Having my life choices thrown in her face was making me nervous. I hadn't considered how our worlds colliding would affect things. Emily was the good part of my life. The pure, clean part. I didn't let the screwed-up shit touch her. But Georgianna showing up to see me while Emily was here was going to force my two worlds to merge.

I knocked on her door, then opened it without waiting for her to answer. That was a mistake. The fucking best mistake I'd made in my life.

Emily was standing in front of the mirror in nothing but a pair of pink satin panties and a matching bra. I was jealous of those fucking panties getting to cup her juicy round ass. Her waist was tiny, but damn, she had some sweet hips. I was so lost in soaking up the view, it wasn't until I heard her panicked voice that I lifted my eyes to meet hers.

She had spun around to face me. Her arms were wrapped protectively around her front, only making her cleavage stand out more. Those big eyes of hers were what finally snapped me out of the trance she'd put me in.

"Kiro, turn around. Please," she begged me. Her voice was shaky and unsure.

I didn't want to fucking turn around. Damn, my imagination hadn't been doing those tits justice.

"Kiro," she pleaded.

I lifted my gaze to hers. "Not sure I can."

Her bottom lip trembled slightly. It was beautiful. Everything about her was beautiful. She didn't say anything as her eyes slowly trailed down my body. My angel was curious.

I took a few steps toward her, and she didn't move. She inhaled sharply but didn't shift her body away from me. Slowly, as if I were a lion stalking its prey, I moved closer. If she made one small movement, I would stop. I swore to myself I'd keep her safe, pure, and sweet, just like I found her six months ago.

Problem now was, it wasn't just my dick that wanted her. It was my heart. She'd managed to claim some of it, and I hadn't thought that was possible. For anyone.

I stopped in front of her and waited, giving her a moment to make a decision. Her small, fast breaths made her tits bounce in a teasing way that I knew she had no clue she was doing. Which made it even more fucking desirable.

I reached over and ran the tip of my finger across her collarbone so softly I barely touched her skin. Her body trembled under my touch. Fuck. I wanted her. All of her.

"Tell me to stop." I was the one pleading now. If I kept touching her, I was going to mess this up.

She didn't respond.

I let the tip of my finger dip into the deep valley between her tits. Her quick inhale was followed by a shiver. God, I fucking loved it when she shivered.

"Tell me to stop, Emily," I repeated. Her words would be the only thing to keep me from taking more.

"I-I can't," she whispered.

"Why?" I knew the answer, and I knew if she told me why, I'd lose my mind. But I wanted to hear her say she wanted me.

"I ..." She paused, and I ran my finger over the lace of her bra. "I want this."

Fuck me. She'd said it.

I was done. That was it for me. This changed everything.

My hands clamped her waist as I jerked her hard against my body so that I could claim her mouth. Those lips I'd been dreaming of and that sweet taste of honey that haunted my dreams.

Her arms reached up and wrapped around my neck as she clung to me. Nothing had ever been this important. With one kiss, my life had been altered. It would follow a different path now. One where a woman owned my heart.

Emily

Everywhere Kiro touched me tingled with anticipation. Under all the desire was my common sense screaming at me to stop. Sleeping with Kiro would mess up everything. Our friendship would end, and I would be sent back to South Carolina. Just like Vivian.

That realization was what I needed to stop holding on to Kiro's hair for dear life and place both my hands on his shoulders and push him back. I wasn't willing to lose him. I wanted him, but not enough to lose him forever.

"No," I panted out as my body screamed at me in frustration. I couldn't meet Kiro's eyes. Had I let it go too far already? Would he send me home now because things had gotten awkward?

"Fuck," he growled, and his hands clenched at his sides in fists. I felt cold without him. He'd made my entire body hum with warmth and electricity. Now it was just left aching.

"I'm sorry. I don't, I shouldn't have, it will mess up everything. I should have said stop." I sounded ridiculous, but I was having a hard time catching my breath.

"Don't." His voice was raspy and hard. I studied his hands, because I wasn't ready to look at his face. His hands were safer. He opened them and closed them tightly several times.

Just when I was almost brave enough to meet his gaze, he turned and left. The hard slam of the door vibrated throughout the room. I didn't move to get dressed. My heart was breaking for the first time in my life. I had ruined everything.

I had made it to the bed before I collapsed and curled up into a ball. What had I done?

Tears wet my face and dampened the pillow under my head. He had been angry at me. I deserved it, but still, the fact hurt. Not as much as the fear of him sending me away and never hearing his voice again, teasing me. Asking me about my day.

When I opened my eyes again, the tears on my face were dry, and the sun was down. I had fallen asleep. Sitting up, I turned to see the clock beside the bed. I'd slept for two hours. Kiro hadn't come back to check on me.

I hadn't unpacked yet, and my boxes weren't in this room. Would I be leaving tomorrow? I took several deep breaths and reminded myself that Kiro had never been mine. This world had never been mine. I would be OK. I would miss him terribly, but I would recover. I just had to stop wallowing in my pain and deal with this.

I grabbed a pair of shorts and a sleeveless blouse from my bag and quickly dressed. My face was a mess, so I just washed it and left it free of makeup. Once I had cleaned up all traces of my crying jag, I pulled my hair into a ponytail and headed for the door. I had to find Kiro and talk to him.

I was lost, but then I remembered he had told me to take a bunch of right turns, so I did. Sure enough, I was back at the stairs we had come up earlier. They were as elaborate as this house was. It was easy for two men to live in one house this size. Two families could live here and not see each other if they chose not to.

Voices trailed down the hall as I hit the bottom step. A high-pitched female voice surprised me. I started toward the voices but stopped when Kiro yelled, "Fuck that! You're a lying bitch. Leave the kid and go."

The kid?

I heard the sound of small feet hitting the wood floor just before something slammed into my legs with a thud. With a startled squeal, I reached out and caught myself by grabbing the wall. Then I looked down to see the most amazing silver-colored eyes looking up at me. The little boy's dark hair was long enough to be a girl's, but there was no mistaking he was a boy. He frowned as his little face studied me.

"Don't tell me to leave! I came here to talk to you, and you're going to talk to me, you stupid son of a bitch!" the woman yelled.

The little boy's frown deepened as he looked back down the hall toward the yelling. Was this Kiro's son? Did he have a kid?

A small hand wrapped around my calf and held on tightly. I watched as the boy slipped his thumb into his mouth and moved closer to me. He was scared. They were yelling right in front of him.

What kind of parents did that? Rock-star parents, apparently. Suddenly, all my pain and fear subsided as my fury at this kid's parents grew. He was just a baby. He couldn't be more than two years old.

I bent down, and the little boy started to move but changed his mind and held his ground. His attempt to be brave was adorable and heartbreaking all at once.

"Hey, I'm Emily. What's your name?" I asked him, not sure if he was even talking yet.

"Wush," he whispered.

Rush. Rush Finlay. This was Dean's son. I had heard about him in the news when he was born. There were pictures of Dean with his infant son all over the Internet. But I hadn't seen him recently.

So why was Kiro yelling at Rush's mother?

"It's nice to meet you, Rush," I said, just as his mother called Kiro names no little kid should ever hear. Did they even notice that Rush wasn't in the room anymore?

"Where are you going? Maybe I can come, too," I suggested. I wasn't letting this baby out of my sight.

"Daddy home?" It sounded like a question. He was looking for Dean.

"I'm sure he is. We can go find him together," I said, then held out my arms to see if he was going to trust me enough to hold him.

He came willingly into my arms, and I stood up as he wrapped a small arm around my neck. "Daddy's woom," he said, with complete faith that Dean would be in his bedroom. I wasn't sure where Dean's bedroom was, nor was I sure that going there unannounced was a good idea.

"Rush! Where did he go? I'm taking him back, you motherfucking bastard, and you can explain to Dean why he won't get his son this weekend!" the woman screamed.

Rush's hold on me tightened, and his eyes looked at me pleadingly. "Daddy's woom," he repeated.

"Rush!" the woman screeched again, and then Kiro called Rush's name. I was going to have to take him in there to them, even though I wanted to bundle him up in my arms and run away. These people had no right raising a kid. Not if they were going to act this way around him. He now had me in a death grip, and I wanted more than anything to get him to his daddy. That was obviously who he wanted.

"Rush!" The woman's voice was getting closer. The heels of her shoes clicked across the floor. She was coming, and there was no way I could save this baby from his momma.

When cold green eyes collided with mine, she froze, and then her lips snarled in disgust. "Put my son down, you slut! The whores who get paraded in and out of this house do not get to touch my son. Ever!" The attractive and obviously pregnant woman started for me, and Rush's little face looked so sad.

"Daddy's woom," he repeated, for her this time.

"I was taking him to Dean. He was out here alone, and he asked for Dean," I tried to explain.

"The fuck you are," she hissed at me. "Stupid bitch."

"Apologize to Emily right fucking now, or you'll never set foot inside this house again. I don't give a shit who you are, Georgianna. Dean can come to you to get his kid next time." Kiro's voice was cold and deadly.

The woman spun around and glared at Kiro. "I will not apologize to one of the many whores who keep your dick wet."

Kiro took a step toward her, and the look in his eyes was terrifying. I was scared for her. Surely he wasn't going to hurt a pregnant woman. Why was she taunting him like this?

"Get. The. Fuck. Out. Now!" he roared.

Rush's arms tightened around my neck, and he buried his face into my chest. His small body was trembling, and this time, it was me who was angry. Kiro was terrifying him.

"Stop it. Both of you. He's scared, and you both are making it worse. He's a baby, for crying out loud. Can't you see this upsets him? Heck, it upsets me, and I don't even know why you're yelling at each other. Where is Dean? He wants his dad."

Kiro jerked his hate-filled eyes from Georgianna, and they softened as soon as they met mine. He slowly took in Rush cuddled against me and let out a sigh. "Fuck," he muttered, as if what they were doing just dawned on him. "I'll take you to him. He went to take a shower, and this bi-" He stopped when I shot him a warning glare. He cleared his throat. "They showed up," he said.

"Do y'all always yell at each other and curse in front of him like this?" I asked, hoping to God they said no.

"I do not need some trashy slut telling me how to raise my kid. You either hand him over right now, or I will take him from you."

Kiro moved toward her, his rage back.

"Kiro, don't! Rush." I reminded him of the boy in my arms.

Kiro stopped and muttered a curse. "Let's get something very clear, Georgianna. Emily is not a slut or a whore. She's here because she's working for us. She's my ... friend," Kiro said, turning his eyes back to me. Nothing in that look said we were friends. It said we had just had our hands all over each other and he wanted to do it again. "And when you are in my house, you will respect her. She's mine."

What?

Georgianna sputtered and threw up her hands. "So that's why you refuse to accept the fact that I'm pregnant with your fucking kid? Because of her?"

My stomach sank, and I stared as the woman kept talking. "This baby is yours, Kiro. We were fucking like rabbits, and you know it. We were so wild for each other you forgot the damn condom one night. I'm pregnant. You need to face it and deal with it. Or do you plan on ignoring this kid like you do your other one?" She turned her angry glare to me. "Be careful. You'll be next. The man likes to spread his seed around."

Kiro had a kid? What? Oh, my God. I really didn't know anything about this man.

"You fuck a different man every night," he replied, as he continued to glare at her. "That kid ain't mine. I never would have touched your used-up pussy without protection."

"Dean had a paternity test done to prove Rush was his. I will gladly let you do the same."

Kiro slammed his hand against the wall and roared. "Leave my fucking house!"

Rush was trembling in my arms again.

"Kiro, stop it," I begged him.

"Give me my son!" Georgianna demanded, reaching to take him from me.

"He's scared, and he wants his daddy. Can't he just stay to see Dean?" I pleaded. This baby needed someone to fight for him.

"You stupid bi-"

"Back the fuck up now, Georgianna. Don't you dare take him." Dean's voice came from behind me, and I wanted to weep in relief.

"Daddy!" Rush said, his arms loosening their hold on me as he reached them out toward Dean like he was his savior. I was beginning to think he was.

Dean took his son, looking at him like he was the most precious thing in the world. "Hey, buddy. I was wondering when you were gonna get here. I missed you."

Dean spoke gently, and Rush buried his head in his father's neck as he now gripped Dean with all the strength he could muster.

"I think it's time you leave. I ever hear you talk like that around my son again, you won't see him again," Dean warned in a low voice as he looked at Georgianna.

Then he turned and walked away with Rush in his arms.

"You can go now," Kiro told her, then he made a move toward me.

I, however, wasn't ready to be near him or speak to him. Not after everything I had just heard and seen. God, how did I not know his world was fucked up? He was a rock star. Of course he had a screwed-up past and present.

I turned and hurried back to the stairs and to the room I had been given. Did I leave, or did I stay and deal with the insane world I had walked into?

Kiro

The bottle of vodka in my hand was almost empty. I stared at the flames in the fireplace as I held the cold glass in my hands. When Georgianna had finally left, I hadn't been able to face Emily. Not after the way she had looked at me.

She hadn't known I had a son. One that I never saw. I had tried once, but it was too much trouble. His mother didn't want him touched by my world. Then Georgianna claiming she was pregnant with my kid. Shit. Motherfucker! I had used a condom every damn time. I know I did. She was lying to me.

The woman was a vindictive bitch, and I swear to God, I had almost hit her. If it hadn't been for Emily standing there, watching me like she was looking for any sign to prove I was good, I would have. But I didn't want to let her down. I had, though. Big-time.

Dean was going to be pissed, too. Rush had heard all that shit, and Dean wasn't going to like it. I couldn't blame him. He loved the boy, and although the boy's momma was a bitch, he was a cute kid. I shouldn't have let her get to me like that in front of him.

"I think I should leave," Emily's gentle voice said. It's strange how words spoken from such a sweet mouth could twist your insides so damn painfully. My Emily wanted to leave me.

I turned my head to see her standing in the doorway. She was beautiful. Always so beautiful. Her long dark hair framed her face, and the puffiness of her hazel eyes said she'd been crying. Because of me. I hated myself. I was a fuck-up.

"Don't leave me," I said, standing up and fighting the sway my body wanted to take as the room moved. I'd had too much to drink. Too damn much.

"I can't stay here. I don't agree with the way you live. I may sound prudish or judgmental, but this isn't a world I can live in."

The obvious pain in her voice wasn't lost on me. She didn't want to leave me. She was just too scared to stay. She'd found out too much about me. Too damn fast.

"I'm a fuck-up, Emily. I've always been a fuck-up. My parents didn't want me. They fucking hated me. Came home one day from school, and my mother had packed my shit and left it on the front porch. I was thirteen. Said she was tired of being my momma. Said the bitch who gave me life ran off on my daddy when I was a baby, and I was just like her. Found out that day that my dad didn't want me, either. I had no one. Dean's momma took me in. Let me sleep in their living room. They eventually got custody of me. Killed me when she died of breast cancer. Only person to ever want to help me." I was drunk, and I was saying shit I never said. I needed to stop, but Emily was leaving me, and I couldn't. I needed her to stay. I couldn't lose her, too.

"Everyone leaves me. I'm no good. I'm not worth it." I threw the bottle into the fireplace. "Because I'm fucking worthless." I turned back to her.

Tears had filled her eyes and were now running down her face. I was making my angel cry. I destroyed things. I couldn't let myself destroy her. She meant too much. She was special.

"I wasn't meant for an angel. I never should have tried to get close to one. You were always too good for me. I just wanted to be near you. To see your smile. It made everything inside of me feel whole again. The nasty and tainted shit in my life was better when you were around. You have this light, Emily. It's so fucking bright. It warms everything around you. It warmed me. I was always so empty and cold before you."

She moved then. I thought she had heard enough and was leaving. I didn't know if I would survive this time. Losing her was going to break me for good. Only so many times a guy could recover.

I sank to my knees and dropped my head into my hands. I had ruined it all.

"Kiro." Emily's voice was beside me, and her arms wrapped around me. "You aren't worthless. You're special, too." Her words shattered what was left of my heart.

"Don't say shit like that and then leave me." My voice was raw. I had exposed everything to her. My weakness, my fears, my pain. I'd never shown anyone all of that. Ever.

"I'm not leaving you. I won't leave you until you send me away. I don't want to leave you. You make me happy. You make me feel things that scare me but excite me. I don't want to go."

The vodka was fucking with my head. "You want to leave. Go, Emily. Run from me, baby. I'm not worth shit."

A soft sob close to my ear sent a bolt of awareness through my body. "Look at me," Emily begged.

I lifted my head and saw my beautiful angel on her knees, with red eyes and tears soaking her face. She was holding on to my arm tightly, as if she refused to let go.

"I'm not leaving you. Ever. The only way to get rid of me is to throw me out and swear you never want to see me again. You, Kiro Manning, are worth it. You're worth so much."

I opened my arms, and she let out a loud sob as she threw herself into them and clung to me. I wrapped her up tightly and buried my head in her neck and inhaled. She smelled like honey. So fucking sweet.

"I won't ever ask you to leave. I need you," I said against her neck.

"Good. Because I need you, too."

I tightened my hold on her and fell back against the sofa, cradling her in my arms. She wasn't leaving me. She wanted to stay. She wanted me. How did I manage to get an angel to stay with me? I'd done nothing right in this world. I'd fucked up more lives than I could count.

"You did the right thing today. Pushing me away," I told her, as I ran my hands over her hair, letting the silky strands slide through my fingers. I had left her room knowing I had no right to touch her like I had. She was too good for me.

"Did I?" she replied.

"Yeah, you did. I don't deserve you."

She tilted her head back and stared up at me. The tears had stopped, but her face was still damp. I hated knowing she had cried for me. I never wanted her to cry. "I was afraid I'd lose you if we did anything," she whispered.

Lose me? She thought she'd lose me? God, did she still not get it? I was done. She was it. Even if this was all she gave me, the rest of my fucking life, I would be happy. I had her. "I would have become more insane about you than I already am, but losing me? Fuck, Emily, nothing you could do would make me not want you."

She bit her bottom lip and frowned. I watched her think that through. When her bottom lip was finally freed from her teeth, I wanted to lick it, but I wasn't sure I was allowed. "It would make things awkward between us. How could we be friends then?"

"By awkward, do you mean I wouldn't be able to let you out of bed or shower by yourself?"

She chuckled and shook her head no.

"Then explain that, angel, because I'm confused as fuck."

"I mean ... if we slept together, then what would happen when you had other girls here ... and I had to see it? You would feel awkward, I think, and I might not be able to handle it."

Holy fuck.

I grabbed her hips and pulled her over me so that she was facing me. Her legs were straddling my lap, and if she sank down, my dick would be snuggled up tight against her pussy. Shoving that thought aside, I cupped her face. I needed her to understand me and fucking believe me.

"Emily, if I were to fuck you, then that would be it for me. No one else. A man can't go to heaven with an angel and be satisfied with anything else again. I'd need your pussy and your pussy only. If you'd let me in, then yeah, it would have been awkward, because you would have become mine. Completely. That might have been awkward for you."

Her eyes were wide as she listened to me.

I wasn't holding back with her anymore. I was done with that shit. She needed to know it all. I had let her in, and I wasn't keeping her out anymore. Not about anything.

"You don't just want to sleep with me one time, then?" she asked, as her small tongue came out and wet her lips.

I rested my forehead on hers. "In this lifetime, I will never get enough of you."

"Will you still feel that way in the morning when you're sober?" she asked.

I smiled and pulled her back to my chest. She was right. I was drunk, but that had nothing to do with this. "Why don't you stay right here in my arms tonight, and when we wake up in the morning, you can ask me that again," I replied.

She glanced at the floor underneath us and then back at me. "You want to sleep on the floor?"

I lifted her and set her on the sofa behind me. "No, I want to sleep on the sofa," I said, as I crawled up onto the soft leather and pulled her down to curl up against my side. She reached up and took the white fur blanket that was thrown over the back and covered us both with it.

"Good night, Kiro."

"Best fucking night of my life, angel," I assured her. Because it was.

Emily

He was awake. I sensed it without opening my eyes. The warm, hard body that held me tightly hadn't run away this morning. Part of me had expected him to. All the things he had said last night were hard to accept, but I wanted to believe him.

"I'm here. Open your eyes, and stop thinking about everything."

Kiro's voice made me shiver. The warmth from his breath was on my neck, and all those parts of me that he seemed to awaken were very excited.

I peeked at him, and he chuckled. Then he pressed a kiss to my nose. "Fucking adorable," he whispered.

I wasn't sure I liked being adorable. That didn't sound like someone who could keep Kiro Manning's interest. He liked sexy. I had seen him in action, and I knew what he was attracted to. I was not it.

"No frowning. Stop thinking. Talk to me," Kiro said, his voice now concerned.

He wanted us to talk and be open with each other. "Adorable isn't your type," I informed him.

The corner of his mouth tilted up as he smirked. "Oh, really? What is my type, exactly?"

I didn't want to say this out loud. Closing my eyes, I forced the word out. "Sexy."

"You're right. I like sexy. I like sexy a fucking lot," he agreed. Then his hand slipped under my shirt, and I held my breath as he moved it slowly up until it covered one of my breasts. "And this body is so damn sexy it hurts to look at you."

Oh. OK. Wow.

"Standing in your room in nothing but those little panties and that bra had me so damn needy I couldn't think straight. I wanted to be buried up inside you. I wanted you naked and crying out in pleasure underneath me. Fucking sexy as hell," he murmured, as he licked my neck then began tugging my bra down so that I spilled out of the lace cups.

"I love these tits. Best fucking tits in the world," he growled, and he began to lick my collarbone. I had never been licked before, and I wasn't sure that was something I ever wanted, but having Kiro's tongue on me was proving that I did want it. Very much.

He moved my shirt up until my breasts were bared to him. His eyes lit up, and goose bumps covered my arms as he lowered his head to take one of my nipples into his mouth. When he pulled on it with his teeth, I cried out and grabbed his head to hold him there. That was good, and I wanted more of it.

Kiro reached down and shoved my legs open before moving to rest between them as he continued to lick and tease my hard peaks. Just when I thought my body couldn't feel any better, he pressed his hardness against the ache between my legs.

Throwing back my head, I cried out his name. I wanted more of that, too.

"That's it, angel. Feel good, baby. Let me take care of this hot body. It's all I ever want to fucking do. Hear those cries of pleasure." His words made me feel frantic. I wasn't naive. I knew what this led to, and I knew that sex was going to hurt me the first time. But right now, I didn't care.

"Goddammit, can y'all use a motherfucking room while Rush is here?" Dean's voice was like a cold bucket of water. One I apparently needed, because I was ready to strip naked right here and let Kiro have me.

Kiro swore and covered me with his body as he pulled my bra back up and tugged my shirt down to cover me. "You could fucking knock," he said angrily.

"In my own damn house? I can walk into the fucking game room with my son if I want to. There are bedrooms for this shit."

Kiro started to say something else, and I grabbed his arm and squeezed. He turned to look at me, and I shook my head no. Dean was right. We shouldn't have been doing this.

Kiro bent his head and covered my mouth with his. I forgot a moment about Dean and Rush while he kissed me. It was like he was tasting something special. Something he cherished. I melted into him.

"Fuck, man. Take her upstairs," Dean complained.

Kiro broke the kiss, and his breathing was hard. "I hate you," he said, turning to Dean.

Dean just laughed. "I bet you do."

Kiro stood up, took both my hands, and pulled me with him. I saw Rush latched onto his dad's leg as he stared at us. I instantly felt guilty. I was no better than his mother and Kiro yesterday. He was seeing something he shouldn't, and this time, it was my fault.

"Stop looking like you ran over a puppy. He's seen worse than that. It's OK that you two were sleeping on the sofa together. He's two. He has no clue what was really happening," Dean said with an amused smirk.

I walked over and bent down to Rush's level. Today he looked happy. He wasn't scared, and he seemed to be taking in everything around him. "Did you have a good night?" I asked him.

He nodded. "Saw tuhtules," he replied.

I glanced up at Dean, who looked pleased that Rush was talking to me. "We had a movie night in my room. Popcorn, brownies, and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II," he explained.

I looked back at Rush. "Raph is my favorite. Which one is yours?" I asked him.

He glanced up at his dad and grinned.

Dean chuckled and ruffled his hair. "He likes Raph, too. I think you just made a new best friend."

"You're stealing my woman, little man. Don't think I don't see what you're doing," Kiro said in a teasing tone as he came up behind me.

I stood up, and his arms circled my waist and pulled me back against his chest.

Dean looked down at Kiro's arms then back up at me. "So she's your woman now?"

Kiro bent his head and kissed my temple. "Yeah."

Dean let out a sigh, then shook his head. "I hope you know what you're doing."

Kiro's arms tightened around me. "I do."

Dean glanced from Kiro to me. "I was talking to her." Then he reached down and picked up Rush.

We stood there as they walked away. Kiro hadn't released his hold on me, but he had gone very still. Dean's words had bothered him. I could tell that much. I wanted to like Dean, I really did, but if he was going to keep upsetting Kiro, I wasn't going to be able to.

"I know what I'm doing. I want this," I said firmly. I wanted him to believe me.

He dropped his head to the curve of my neck and inhaled. "God, I hope so," he replied.

Kiro

Fear. It was that simple. I was fucking eaten up with fear. I couldn't even take her to her room. I was afraid she'd wise up and leave me. Instead, I took her hand and led her to my bedroom. Then I locked the fucking door behind us. I wanted to keep her here. Forever. Locked away with me. So no one could say anything to change her mind or even look at her. She was all mine.

Just mine. For the first time in my life, I wanted something to be mine. More than I wanted my next breath.

"Kiro." Her voice was gentle. It was like she knew the battle going on in my head.

"Yeah," I replied, as I moved her back toward my bed. I wanted her in my bed.

"Something's wrong. Talk to me."

I didn't want to talk to her. I wanted to eat her. I wanted to taste every part of her body. Then I wanted to fuck her until neither of us could walk.

I reached for her shirt and lifted it up and over her head. I began to unbutton her shorts. I wanted them off. I wanted her naked. My angel naked in my bed. Under my body. Fuck. I was going to lose it.

"Kiro, wait, something is bothering you. What is it?" she asked, as I shoved her shorts down. She stepped out of them obediently.

So perfect. So fucking beautiful. Her skin was flawless and felt like satin. I ran a finger over her shoulders and down to her bra.

"What Dean said, did that upset you? He's wrong. I want to be here. I'm doing what I want. You're what I want."

She was worrying about me. No one ever worried about me. But she was. When I would call her on tour, she always listened. She would be concerned when I hadn't slept enough and ask me if I was eating properly. She cared. When things were shit, I would call her, and she would be there to remind me someone thought I was worth caring about.

"Emily," I said, as I reached to unhook her bra. "I don't give a fuck what Dean says. He doesn't understand. You're different for me. He'll see that soon enough. Stop worrying about me, angel."

She relaxed some, at least until her bra fell forward and left her bare to me. I went down on my knees in front of her and slowly pulled down the panties she was wearing. They were the same pink satin ones from last night.

"Kiro," she said breathlessly.

I grabbed one of her legs and picked it up and placed it over my shoulder. "Lean back on the bed," I told her, as I kissed the inside of her thigh.

"Oh, God!" she cried out.

Smiling, I inhaled the sweet smell between her legs, and I throbbed in my jeans. It was like my damn cock knew I had reached the promised land. Sticking out my tongue, I slid it between her legs and tasted my angel.

"Kiro," she gasped, and her hands found my hair. "That's ... Kiro, oh, that feels so good."

Hearing her pleasure drove me wilder. I lapped at her, taking in the most delicious fucking treat in the world. She was pure. This was clean, untouched pussy, and it was mine. I would be the only one to have this. "My pussy," I said, grabbing her thighs and holding them open wider so I could bury my face against her heat. "Mine."

"Oh, God, Kiro. I can't keep standing up." She panted as her leg that still touched the ground began to weaken.

I reached up, grabbed her waist, and pushed her up and onto the bed. "Open those legs wide for me," I demanded.

She let them fall open, and I wanted to shout to the fucking world that this was mine. My angel. She wanted me. She was giving me something that she'd never given anyone. All of this was mine.

I lowered my mouth and continued to slide my tongue along her folds. She tugged at my hair and cried out my name, and I kept on. I wanted more of this. Sticking my tongue inside her caused her to lift her hips off the bed and beg.

My angel didn't have to beg me. I licked the swollen clit and pulled it into my mouth and sucked. She burst into a million pieces underneath me as her body shuddered from her climax.

The taste that came with her release had me wanting to keep on eating what was mine. But my dick was at the point of pain. I wanted to be connected to her. So fucking deep inside her that we were one. She'd never leave me.

I moved over her and took her mouth. She didn't mind that her taste was on my tongue. Her hands grabbed my arms and held me to her.

"Make love to me, Kiro," she said against my mouth.

I'd never made love. I didn't know how to fucking make love. But goddamn, I would do whatever she wanted if that meant I could get inside of her. So covered up with her that she was a part of me. Giving me that light that was only her.

I jerked my shirt over my head, then shoved my jeans off. Coming back over her with nothing between us was incredible. Her soft skin caressed mine as I moved to press against her and let that feeling soak in. Consume me.

"I'm clean. I was checked two weeks ago, and I haven't slept with anyone since. I don't want anything between us. I want to feel you." I was begging, but I had gotten checked when I knew I was coming home and coming for her. No one else would do at that point. She was all I could think about. All I wanted. When the last girl had sucked me off and I'd cried out Emily's name, I knew I was done.

"I don't take anything," she said, staring up at me with wide eyes. She wanted me, too, but she was scared. Unsure.

"I'll pull out. Just let me inside for a little. Let me know what it feels like to have nothing between us."

She nodded and threaded her hands through my hair. "I want that, too."

God, I was in fucking heaven. Angels were real, and I had one. She was all mine.

"It'll hurt at first, but I swear to you, Emily, I'll be gentle. I'll make it good."

She smiled at me and raised her head to press a kiss to my lips. "I trust you."

Those words undid me.

With every ounce of control in my body, I lowered myself over her and pressed the tip of my cock against her entrance. With one small push, I felt how tight and untouched she was. It rebelled against my probing. I pressed harder, sweat trickling down my back. I didn't want to hurt her. I never wanted to hurt her. But fuuuuuck. There was nothing like this. Ever, in the world. Nothing compared to this.

The barrier that confirmed her innocence stopped me, and I bent down and pressed a kiss to her lips. "I love you," I whispered, three words I'd never spoken before in my life, before pressing inside the tightness that would join me to my angel.

Emily cried out and whimpered as she clung to my arms. I held still, raining kisses all over her face, making promises that it would ease soon and I'd take care of her.

My muscles ached from my fight to be still when I wanted nothing more than to plunge deeper inside her and move. I loved her. That was making love. But I needed to fuck her now. My body wanted to fuck her.

She lifted her hips to meet mine, and I watched as she breathed out and arched against me. I began to move slowly. With each stroke, I went deeper into the tightest cunt I'd ever had. It was like she was clamped around me with a soft, wet vise, and I was sure if I died right now, it would be fine. I'd had the best there was in life. This was it. Nothing got better.

"Does it still hurt?" I asked, wanting to move harder, faster.

"No," she said, panting. "It feels good."

I rocked my hips and buried myself as deep as I could go inside her. She met my thrust and cried out. It was the sexiest sound in the world.

"You're so fucking tight. God, angel, do you even know how much you've destroyed me?" I asked, as I began to fuck her.

She lifted her knees to press against my hips, and I had to fight back the need to come. I couldn't come inside her, and she wasn't there yet. I wanted her pleasure before I took mine.

Lowering my head, I kissed her ear. "I want to hear you come. I want to know what that sweet pussy feels like when you orgasm. Because this is my pussy now, Emily. My fucking pussy. I'll be the one to make it feel good. I'll kiss it whenever you want. I'll be so good to my pussy," I whispered, as I kissed her ear and pulled her earlobe into my mouth.

"Oh, God, Kiro," she panted. "Oh, God."

She was so close. I licked her neck, then licked under her chin. "Not just your pussy, that sweet taste, it's all over your body. I want to eat you up. Can't keep my mouth off you, Emily."

"Kiro, aaaaaah!" She screamed my name, and her orgasm shook her body. I trembled as I fought to follow her there. Jerking back my hips, I pulled out of her and cried out her name as my release covered her stomach.

I hadn't come inside her, but I'd marked her body. The desire to rub it in and keep my seed on her was strong. But she was innocent, and she wasn't ready for that kind of dirty.

Emily

The warmth from the cloth startled me. I was tender there, and it quickly soothed the ache. Kiro was on his knees between my legs, gently cleaning me as if I could break if handled wrong. He was using such care that my eyes watered.

I wanted to pull him to me and hold him. Each layer of the guy underneath the rock god that he showed to me melted my heart a little more. He wasn't the same man I'd watched at that party six months ago. He was different now. He was different with me.

When he was satisfied that I was cleaned up properly, he tossed the used cloth to the floor, and I made a mental note to dispose of it. There was blood and come on it, and I didn't want a housecleaner having to deal with that.

Kiro lay down beside me and pulled me against his side. He kissed the top of my head. "I love you, Emily. I shouldn't have told you for the first time when I was about to sink inside of you, but I couldn't keep it in. I'm so fucking in love with you it scares me. I've never been in love. I may suck at this. Right now, I just want to keep you attached to me at all times. The idea of another man looking at you makes me feel rage. This shit might make me crazy."

I slipped a hand over his chest and propped myself up to look down at him. "I think I've been in love with you for a while now. My weeks revolved around when you would call me. Hearing your voice always made everything else better. And you telling me you love me before you ... well, you know." I felt my cheeks burn. Talking about sex made me blush. Didn't matter that I had done it. "That was special."

He reached up and cupped my face as he stared at me in awe. "You love me?"

I nodded, wondering if this man realized just how lovable he was. The world loved him. No, that was wrong. The world didn't know him. They thought they loved him, but the man underneath was so much more. They had no idea.

"I want inside you again," he said, sliding his other hand down between my legs. "But you're sore. I can kiss it. Make it better."

"I'm not that sore," I told him, which was a lie, but I figured if it meant I got Kiro inside me again, I would do anything.

I opened my eyes to see the sunrise coming through the windows. Kiro and I hadn't left the room yesterday. We slept and then played all day long. After he had taken me in the shower, I didn't remember much. I wondered if I had passed out. Reaching up, I felt the rat's nest that my hair had become and cringed. I needed to get up and fix this. I was a mess.

I eased slowly out of Kiro's arms, tiptoed into the bathroom, and slipped back into the shower. I washed my hair, since that would be the only way to tame it after going to bed with it wet last night. Once I was finished, I dressed quickly and made my way downstairs.

Kiro had hired me to manage the house. I wasn't sure what all that entailed, but I was ready to start learning. He had mentioned that there was a cook when he told me about the job, and then three times yesterday, food had magically appeared outside our bedroom door. It wasn't just any food, either. It was good stuff. Fancy stuff. I never saw anyone bring it, though.

"Hi," a little voice said when I came to the bottom of the stairs.

I looked up to see Rush standing there in a pair of Batman pajamas. He was the cutest little boy I'd ever seen. But then, I'd never seen Kiro's little boy. Would he be this adorable?

"Good morning," I replied, pushing thoughts of Kiro's son to the side. We were going to have to talk about that. I needed to know more. I knew Kiro enough to know that if he had a son, he'd want to know him. So why didn't he?

"Come eat," Rush announced. He motioned with his little hand for me to follow him before he turned and padded off back down the hallway.

I followed him, walking down a path I hadn't taken yet. But he seemed to know where he was going. How often did he visit? Dean was a good dad. That much was obvious. This kid loved his dad. I wanted that for Kiro, too.

"Rush, where did you run off to?" an older lady called out, and Rush giggled and slid across the floor on his socks through the double doors.

"Gettin' Emmy," he replied, pointing at me.

A short, round lady with a warm smile walked to the door and put her hands on her hips as she studied me. "I see you found another early bird. Well, come on in, then. I've made Rush his favorite chocolate chip waffles. I expect you're hungry after the day you had yesterday. And I'm Margarette Fuller, but just call me Margie like the rest of them," she said with a twinkle in her eyes, as she shuffled back to the stove. "Rush likes to wake up with the sun, but his daddy don't like it much. He tends to sleep right through Rush's escapades in the mornings. When he's here, I keep my ear out for the sound of little feet so I can catch him before he gets into mischief." She stopped and glanced back at me. "He's been talking about you. He's taken a liking to you, I guess. Dean says you faced off with his momma and won. Good for you."

I might have missed an entire day in Kiro's room, but apparently, the rest of the house knew all about my short time here already.

"Sit," Rush demanded, patting the stool beside him at the bar.

I walked over and did as I was told, trying not to laugh at his very bossy manner.

"You're good with him. He don't take to people real easily. But he likes you. Makes me think maybe you might be just what our Kiro needs. There's another little boy I'd like to see running these halls and eating my waffles." She closed her mouth and turned away quickly, as if she'd said something she shouldn't have.

"I know he has a son," I assured her. I didn't want her to worry that she'd told me too much.

She turned back to me, her eyes round with surprise. "He told you?"

No. But I wished he had. "Georgianna said something about it."

Margie just sighed and shook her head. "That woman," she mumbled to herself.

I wondered what Kiro's son's mother was like. Was she beautiful? Was she like Georgianna? There was so much I wanted to know about Kiro.

Kiro

I found out this morning I fucking hated waking up without Emily in my arms. Fucking. Hated. It.

I didn't bother with a shirt, just jerked on a pair of jeans and headed out to find her. Then I was dragging her back to my bed. I wasn't ready to share her with the world yet. I just wanted us to live in my room. Alone. Forever.

God, I was losing my shit.

The sound of her musical laughter drifted toward me as I hit the bottom of the stairs. Frowning, I realized it was coming from Dean's side of the house. His ass better not be making Emily laugh. Those laughs were mine, dammit. He needed to go get his own woman.

"You got it on my nose, you silly goose," Emily squealed. She was enjoying herself. Who the fuck was she talking to?

Her voice was coming from the kitchen. I stalked toward the sound and slammed into the kitchen, ready to beat the shit out of whoever was making her giggle. I was the only one who was supposed to do that shit. She was mine.

However, what I saw stopped me in my tracks. Emily was standing at the sink, and beside her was Rush, who was standing on a chair. They were both covered in soap bubbles up to their elbows and laughing.

When she turned her eyes to me, they lit up, and the smile on her face grew. Like I was the one thing in the world that she wanted to see. She made me feel like a fucking king.

"Good morning," she said brightly. "Rush and I decided to help Margie wash up the mess we made with our syrup accident, and, well, it appears we're having a little too much fun."

"Bubbles," Rush chimed in, holding up his hands, then slinging bubbles at Emily, who laughed at his antics.

"I like her. Don't mess this up," Margie said, as she walked over to me and patted me on the arm. "You hungry?"

Yeah, I was hungry. I was hungry for something Margie couldn't give me.

"Eat something," Emily said, still laughing and playing with Rush. "I'm going to have to go clean up myself after this, and then I need some instruction with the house."

Instruction with the house? If she was cleaning up, I was going with her.

"I'm not hungry. I'll just go with you to clean up," I said, walking over to her.

Excitement danced in her eyes as she watched me get closer. I could see her breathing speed up, and as much as I liked Rush, he was about to have to surrender his playmate.

"Let's go clean you up now," I said, as I slid my hand around her waist and began cleaning the soap from her arms. "I think a change of clothes is in order. And maybe a shower."

Emily sank back into me and let me clean her off. "OK," she agreed readily. "But I need to work today," she added in a whisper.

She wasn't fucking working. That was before. Before she'd become mine. I wasn't sharing her with the rest of this house.

"We'll talk about that after," I replied.

"Dean said he needed to hire a nanny for when Rush visits. But I think Emily will work just fine," Margie piped up. "He really likes her."

Hell, no. Emily was not Dean's fucking nanny. She was mine. I needed her more.

"Emily isn't a nanny," I snapped, and began moving her toward the exit. I had to get her away from them. Back to my room. Back to where I didn't have to share.

"Kiro, what is wrong with you?" she asked, sounding worried.

"I told you I was going to act crazy and shit. This is me acting crazy. I need you in my room. You're mine. Just mine."

She didn't say anything else, and I was relieved. I wasn't in the mood to defend this insane jealousy I had where she was concerned. I closed the door behind us and locked it, then stalked her until I had her up against the bed. "Don't like waking up and you not being there. I wanted to fuck you, and you were gone. I wanted to smell you, and you were gone. I wanted to see you smile, and you were gone. I hated it."

She sighed and reached up to run her fingers through my hair. "I woke up really early, and I didn't want to disturb you. I figured I could start working on figuring things out around here."

"Just stay with me. I don't want you helping anyone else. I just want you with me."

Emily frowned. "You'll get tired of me really fast if I stay with you all the time."

She had no idea. I wasn't ever going to get tired of her. I wasn't ever going to get enough of her. "Let me have you. Right now. Take off those shorts, and let me have you."

For a moment, I didn't think she was going to move. I'd shown her how fucking messed up I was, and she was going to run. I was ready to catch her if she tried. But after a few seconds, she unsnapped her shorts and stepped out of them. Then she peeled down her panties and tossed them to the side.

My mouth covered hers as I cupped the heat between her legs with my hands. She was already wet for me. That made me want to roar with satisfaction. She wanted me. I was crazy with need for her, and she wanted it.

Her tongue danced against mine as the honey sweetness of her mouth filled me. I had her willing in my arms. Nothing was this perfect.

With one hand, I jerked down my jeans, and I put her up on the edge of the bed before sinking into her with one thrust. The tight walls squeezed me as she moaned and let her head fall back. I was as deep as I could go. The addiction that came with this woman was unreal.

I wanted to live inside her. Just like this. "I want to stay here. Inside you. Like this. Let me keep you like this. You're mine, Emily."

My words sounded like those of a madman, and I had decided maybe I was a madman. I wanted this woman to distraction. I couldn't get enough of her.

"I want to get on birth control. I want to know what it feels like for you to come inside me." She panted as I began moving in and out of her hot cunt.

"Fuck, yes, " I groaned in agreement. "If I can come inside you, I'll never fucking let you out of my bed. The idea of it drives me insane. I need that."

"Will I feel it? I like feeling it on my skin. I want to feel it inside me."

I began to tremble and shake. I was going to explode. Hearing her talk about my fucking come inside her was too much. "I'm gonna fucking come now if you don't stop," I warned her.

"Oh, God, I want to feel it." She moaned and held me tightly to her. "I want it so bad."

That was it. With Emily's legs wrapped around my waist, I shouted her name and then followed it with a "Fuuuuuuuuck!" as I released inside her. She cried out my name over and over, telling me she could feel it as she came apart in my arms.

The idea that she could be pregnant didn't even scare me. I wanted it. I fucking wanted her bound to me so she couldn't get free. I would never let this woman go. She was mine. I'd do anything to keep her.

Emily

After two weeks of living with Kiro, I realized I was never going to actually work for him. He wasn't going to allow it. He kept me in his room, and when we left his room, he never took his hand off me. We watched movies in his theater, and we ate together in his kitchen.

He had two interviews he had to go to, and both times he had taken me. He didn't let me out of his sight. Even when they were filming him, he demanded that I be directly in his line of vision. I could see the way people looked at me. They were curious and confused. Especially the women.

I wasn't special in their eyes. Why was Kiro ignoring them and so obsessed with me? I wondered the same thing. I actually said so to the one female who had been ballsy enough to say it to my face. She'd been a model from one of the band's previous music videos. It was obvious they had slept together from the way she acted around him.

When I had turned away so I wouldn't have to see her pressing her chest against him and whispering in his ear, he was by my side instantly, kissing my face and saying that I was it for him. His angel.

Things like that kept me from getting jealous of the way women wanted him. I accepted that this would always be the case. He was Kiro. Women loved him. But Kiro loved me.

The day my period had started, Kiro had actually seemed upset. As if he had been wanting me to get pregnant from that one time we hadn't been able to stop ourselves. I got the shot, and we were able to start having unprotected sex right away once my period was over.

The idea that he was marking me each time he came in me made him even more of a caveman. He loved knowing I was just his, and I loved knowing he wanted me. Because I loved him. With everything I had, I loved this man. And because I loved him, I was going to help him.

Starting with his son. He needed to know his kid, and he also needed to make sure Georgianna had a paternity test done. Because if she was, in fact, carrying his child, he needed to know.

Watching Dean with Rush made me want that so much for Kiro. So I had done some research and asked Margie a few questions. Then I'd called Mary Ann, the mother of Kiro's son.

Kiro had gone to the band's basement studio to work on a new song, and they had all requested that I stay upstairs so Kiro would be focused. I convinced him I needed a nap, but not before I had to shove him out the door of his bedroom. He hadn't been happy about it, but I needed time alone. To call Mary Ann.

She was nothing like I expected. She was a girl from Texas who had made the mistake of sleeping with Kiro to get over a heartbreak. It was a one-night thing, and she was ashamed of herself when it was over. She had hoped she would never have to see him again and didn't expect to until she found out she was pregnant. The condom had broken, but she said Kiro had pulled out. Apparently not soon enough.

We talked for an hour. I liked her a lot. When the call ended, she agreed to allow Kiro and me to come visit Mase. Their son. I just had to persuade Kiro first.

The next morning, when Kiro woke up, I was sitting on the bed next to him watching him. He grinned up at me with that sexy little smirk of his and stretched his arms over his head. The muscles flexed, and my body tingled. I liked it when he did that, and he knew it. The man used any means he could to keep me in bed with him.

"We need to talk," I said, before he reached for me and I forgot what I was going to say.

"I need your pussy," he replied, as he slid his hand over my thigh and pulled me to him.

"No," I said, scooting back. "First we need to talk," I repeated. I meant it this time. We were talking about his son.

"If we talk, can I eat your sweet cunt after?" he asked with hooded eyes, as I fought back a tremble. He knew that anytime he wanted to kiss me down there, I was willing and ready. I had proven that when I spread open for him on the bar in the kitchen two days ago.

"Kiro, I'm serious."

He leaned up and licked a trail up my neck to my ear. "Angel, I'm always serious about licking your pussy." God, this man!

"It's about your son," I blurted out before he made me forget.

Kiro froze.

"I talked to Mary Ann. She said we could come visit Mase. Or just you. Whichever you prefer. But she's open to you seeing Mase and having a relationship with him."

Kiro slowly leaned away from my neck and directed his gaze toward the window. He wasn't looking at me. His jaw was clenched tightly. I knew there was a good chance that calling Mary Ann was pushing too hard. That he'd be furious. But I loved him, and I wanted him to look back one day and be proud of the life he lived. He was a star in the world's eyes, but I wanted him to be a star in his own eyes.

"Why would you do that?" he asked, his voice tight.

"Because I love you, and I want you to know your son. I will be with you every step of the way. I will stand by you, but the man I know ..." I reached out and put my hand over his heart. "This heart is a beautiful thing. And I know you want to know your son. You can't tell me you don't. I won't believe you."

Kiro closed his eyes tightly. "Fuck, Emily."

I crawled over to him and wrapped my arms around his neck. "She's really nice. I liked her a lot. She was nothing like Georgianna. I think in another time, she could have made you happy. But y'all have a child together now. Don't miss out on that."

His arms finally came around me. "No one but you could have made me happy. Your love is what makes life worth it, Emily. And if you want me to know the kid, I will. But I won't be playing family with them. You're gonna be the only family I have. You and the kids I have with you. I can love the boy, but his momma means nothing to me. You know that, right?"

He had said the kids I gave him would be our family. I wanted that, too. So much. But he did have other family. It was time he faced it and accepted it. "She is the mother of your son. Deep down, that means something, but I am OK with that. I know you love me. I don't doubt it for a minute."

"If you'll go with me, I'll go. I want my son to know you, too."

I wanted that, and Mary Ann seemed like she was OK with it. She even liked the idea of me coming. "I want to know him. He'll be a part of our life, Kiro. We can love him, too. There's enough love in both of us for that."

Kiro sighed and tucked me against him. "I think that I know all the beauty that's inside you, and then you go and fucking show me more of it. How the hell did I get you to love me?"

"You watched Indiana Jones with me," I said simply. Because that day, I saw the real Kiro underneath. He hadn't kicked me out for being a virgin. He'd respected it. Then he'd made me feel welcome.

He chuckled. "Don't be giving me any awards for that one, angel. I was too damn selfish to let you go. I would have watched every chick flick in the world if it meant I'd have gotten to keep you close a little longer. I just got lucky that you had good taste in movies."

Kiro

Mase looked just like me. And Emily fell in love with him at first sight. Then Mary Ann fell in love with Emily the moment she watched my angel talk to Mase and play with him like it was the most natural thing in the world.

It's weird seeing a one-night stand you hardly remember mother a child who is undoubtedly yours.

Then to see Emily with him put a seed of hunger in me. I wanted this with Emily. I wanted a family with her. I wanted to see her with our little boy playing on the floor and laughing with him.

She was right. I could love this kid. He was mine. I didn't want to let him down. I wanted to be a part of his life. Dean was a part of Rush's, and he hated Rush's mom. At least I didn't hate Mase's mother. I just didn't know her.

Emily could have a relationship with Mary Ann. I'd just get to know my boy. But more than anything, I wanted Emily's stomach big with our child. I wanted to feel our baby inside her and know we made that kid. She'd be mine forever. They both would.

I had hired a private jet to take us to Texas, so when our visit was over and Mary Ann and Emily had set up some visitation times for us, I'd hugged Mase and told him I'd see him soon.

Emily had been smiling from ear to ear the entire car ride back. She kept babbling about how much he looked like me and how he had watched me with his serious eyes. She had talked about how he had clapped his hands and gotten excited over the horses outside. Everything Mase did amazed her.

And fuck if I didn't fall even deeper in love with this woman. I didn't think it was possible. But apparently, when it came to Emily, I could fall in love more every day. She had so much to fucking love.

I kept my hand on her back as we got on the plane. I liked touching her. Mary Ann had noticed that, too, and smiled at me. She seemed happy that I had found Emily. It was strange, but it also felt good. Maybe I could be friends with Mary Ann after all.

"I'm so glad we came," Emily said for the tenth time, as she sank down onto one of the leather sofas in the jet.

"You mentioned that," I teased her. I lifted her and put her in my lap.

"You were great with him," she said, as I nibbled on her neck.

"You were, too," I said, because in truth, she was amazing with him. I was pretty sure he liked her more than he liked me. I slipped my hand up between her thighs. "I kept thinking about you being pregnant with my kid. Made me fucking hard. I like the idea of knowing we could make a life together. That I'd have a kid that you gave me. That was a part of both of us."

She stiffened in my arms and turned to look at me. "I can't ... I could never do that. My momma is already worried about me, but that would break her heart."

What the fuck? "Your momma doesn't want you having kids? Or she doesn't want you having my kids?"

She sighed and laid her head on my chest. "My momma wants me to have kids one day. But she'll expect me to be married when I do."

I didn't know what to say to that. Married? Well, fuck. I hadn't even thought about that. I was keeping Emily forever. That was for damn sure, but I hadn't thought about the fact that we needed to get married. It wasn't something people in my world did often, because when they did, it always ended badly.

Emily would never get to divorce me. I wouldn't let her. The idea of her ever wanting to leave me was terrifying. But marriage?

"I'm not ready for marriage right now, Kiro. Relax. That's not what I'm saying. I am just saying that talking about babies is out of the question for me. I'll do that one day when I'm married."

One day when she was married. She didn't say when we were married. Fuck that. She wasn't marrying anyone but me. Ever. She was mine.

I pushed her down on the sofa and began stripping off her clothes. I had to remind her who she belonged to. Whose heart she'd taken over and just how much I couldn't live without her. This shit about marrying one day was fucked up. She was marrying one day, and it would fucking be me. My babies in her stomach. Mine. All mine.

"Kiro?" she asked nervously, as I made quick work of stripping down.

"Open for me," I replied. The panic in my voice was obvious.

She opened her legs, and I was inside her immediately. "Fuck, yes," I groaned, as she squeezed my cock like a glove. "Mine, Emily. This is mine. No one else's. Always just mine." I chanted like a madman while I began moving in and out of her.

"Yes, Kiro, I'm yours," she reassured me.

When she wrapped a leg around my waist and locked down, that meant she was almost there. Sliding in and out of her wet heat made everything in the world OK. She fixed whatever was wrong.

"My angel," I said again, as her body started to shake and the orgasm had her pussy locking down on my cock, sending me off with her. "I fucking love you!" I yelled, as I shot my release into her.

When I came down from my high, I scooped her into my arms and held her. I stayed inside her. I liked being connected to her like this. It eased all my fears.

Emily

Mase came to stay the weekend with us twice that summer. It was hard on Mary Ann to be away from him too long, but she was determined to allow Mase and Kiro to bond. It also gave her time to herself. She was even dating someone now.

By the end of the summer, Georgianna had given birth to a baby girl. She said she'd had a paternity test done and that Nannette wasn't Kiro's child. However, something inside me told me she was lying. But Kiro refused to insist on seeing the results of the test. He said the kid belonged to Georgianna's ex-fiance. I was going to have her show us the results of the test when Kiro would listen to me. But right now I was letting her adjust to life with her new baby and Rush.

It was a battle I gave up.

Over the next six months, Mase became a part of our lives. We went to the zoo and took him to a Lakers game. We spent afternoons on the beach when it was warm enough. Every time I watched Mase smile up at his dad, my heart squeezed. I loved seeing them together.

Georgianna never came back around. Dean would have to travel to get Rush from her. She had a baby now and refused to bring Rush to Dean. He didn't seem to mind, and Kiro preferred it. He still hated Georgianna.

When the guys had to work on a new song or go to record the new album while Rush and Mase were visiting, I took care of them. Both boys had stolen a piece of my heart.

May 1993

Emily

Slacker Demon's summer tour was starting. Their newest album had gone platinum once again, and I was prepared to travel with Kiro. He refused to have it any other way. Dean had convinced Trac, Brit, and Dash that without me, Kiro would be a mess. That they all needed me there in order to make it through the tour.

We had spent the weekend with Mase, and I was going to miss him over the next four months. Kiro seemed a little sad to see him go, too. He had bonded with his son the past year, and I was so thankful for it.

Mase was talking a lot now, too, and it was adorable. He was calling me "Emmy" just like Rush did. Kiro had picked up on it and he called me Emmy more often now than he did Emily. Mary Ann was in a serious relationship, but Kiro didn't seem to care about that. He let me have my friendship with Mary Ann, but he rarely spoke to her.

I slipped out of bed before the sun came up. My eyes had snapped open, and the waves of nausea roiling through my stomach were back from yesterday. I made it to the toilet just in time. Luckily, Kiro had slept through this yesterday. I had thought it was something I'd eaten, but now it was back, after I'd felt fine all day yesterday after being sick. I couldn't be coming down with a stomach bug now. Not when we were due to leave for tour this afternoon.

I would have to stay behind. Kiro would be so upset. In all honesty, so would I. I missed him whenever he was away, if only for a couple of hours to practice. We were rarely apart, and the idea of being separated hurt. I didn't like it any more than he did. But as I grabbed the porcelain seat, I knew I wasn't going to be able to fly today. I needed to see a doctor instead.

I felt his presence before he said anything. Reaching up, I flushed the toilet and grabbed a cloth to wipe my face. Then I turned to face him. He was watching me with worry and fear on his beautiful face. The last time I got sick, I'd had strep throat. One would have thought I was on my deathbed the way he hovered over me. He never left my side and held my hand even while he slept.

"I think I should go see a doctor and catch up with y'all later this week," I said, trying to sound brave. If he thought for a minute that I was upset, he'd stay behind with me. They had sold out every show, starting tomorrow night in Boston. He had to go.

"I won't leave without you," he said matter-of-factly, then started wetting a cloth with cool water before bending down beside me and cleaning my face with it. "I can't leave you if you're sick. You know that. They know that."

"Boston," I said weakly, wanting to crawl back into bed and lie down. I was tired today.

"Fuck Boston. I'm not leaving you."

He had to leave me. So I had to get better. "I'm sorry. I'll be fine. Let me rest, and by this afternoon, I'll be ready to go."

He didn't look convinced. "I'm calling a doctor to come here," he said, standing up and then bending down to scoop me up.

"I'm not so sick I can't walk," I told him, amused.

"My angel throws up, she ain't gonna walk," he repeated, and took me to the bed.

I let him tuck me in. Then he pressed a kiss to my forehead. "I'm calling a doctor. You rest."

I opened my mouth to argue with him, but he was out the bedroom door before I could. He'd cancel this tour if something was wrong with me. I needed to be OK, or the world was going to hate me. I would be the reason Slacker Demon canceled their tour. The record label would be furious. It would be a train wreck. I had to be OK.

Kiro

The doctor had sent me from the room, which made no fucking sense. He'd said he had to check something, and it would be easier if I waited outside. Emily's soft pleading was the only reason I walked out, but I was about done with waiting.

That was my woman and my fucking room. I was going in there. Jerking the door open, I found Emily first and made sure she was OK. There was a nervous smile on her face as she sat up in our big bed, looking so damn small.

"What's wrong with her?" I asked the doctor, taking long strides until I was beside her again. Touching her. Reminding myself she was safe. She was OK.

"Nothing's wrong. Or at least, I hope not," he said in a jolly tone.

I jerked my gaze away from Emily's to look at the doctor. What the hell did that mean? "What?" I asked him, frustrated by his answer.

"Let me leave you two alone. Emily can give you the details," he replied with a wink at her, then packed up his bag and left the room.

"What did that mean?" I asked her, moving in beside her and watching her face closely.

She took a deep breath, and I watched as her hand fluttered to her stomach and she placed it there like she was protecting something. My heart stopped, and I watched her small hand lying there. Lifting my gaze back up to hers, I waited.

"I'm pregnant," she said softly, and then tears filled her eyes as a huge grin broke across her face. "We're going to have a baby."

My heart started beating again and slammed against my ribs as I let out a loud shout and pulled her into my arms. We hadn't been trying. We hadn't even talked about it since we visited Mase for the first time. But I'd daydreamed about it. I'd thought of ways to propose and imagined life as a husband and a dad. I just wanted to live this life with Emily and our baby.

Fuck the stupid tour.

I kissed her as I covered her hand with my own. "Mine. This is mine," I repeated between kisses, and held her against me. "Marry me, Emmy. I want you to be my wife. I want you to have my name. I was waiting until the perfect moment, when I had the perfect ring, but I can't think of anything more perfect than right here and right now."

"Yes," she said, kissing me back. "Yes, yes, yes," she repeated.

I pressed her back on the bed and pulled her shirt up so I could caress her stomach. "I love you, Emily. I will always love you. This life and the one after and the one after that. I will always only love you."

Her soft laughter filled the room. "We only get one life," she said.

I shook my head. "I don't believe that. I won't accept it. I want a million lives with you. You're my heaven."

"God, Kiro, you say the sweetest things." She slipped her hands into my hair.

"Can I get in your panties now?" I teased.

She lifted her hips in response, and I jerked them down her legs and kissed my way up the inside of her thigh. This was my home.

February 1994

Kiro

She was tiny and perfect. She looked just like her mother. Which was fucking insane to say, because until this moment, I thought all babies looked alike. But this one wasn't a squished-up creature. She was beautiful. Even her lips looked like Emily's.

"Here's your daddy," Emily whispered to the pink bundle in her arms. They had taken her away right after she was born to run some tests. They were worried about her heart, which had scared the shit out of me. Emily had held my hand and reassured me that our little girl would be OK. She prayed to God, so she was banking on the big man to save our baby. I wished I trusted him that much.

"Harlow Manning, meet the most wonderful daddy in the world. Lucky for you he happens to be yours," Emily said, as she held out the little girl we had made together for me to take her.

Emily had given me a kid. Our kid. The diamond ring on her finger sparkled under the fluorescent lights of the hospital room. Six months ago, she had walked down the aisle of a church in South Carolina and pledged to love me forever. I had thought that was the happiest day of my life. But holding the little bundle of pink in my arms while her mother stared up at me with so much love couldn't be topped, not even by our wedding day.

"She looks like you," I said, as I studied the baby's small face.

"I see you in her, too."

I thought she was imagining things, but I didn't care. I wanted my daughter to look like her mother. I'd have two angels on this earth now.

"I'll keep her safe. I'll keep you both safe. My girls will always be the most important people in my life. Nothing will ever come before you two. I swear it."

Emily chuckled. "I believe you."

"Thank you for this. For her. For giving me this life."

Her hand reached out and touched my waist. "I love you, Kiro Manning. Thank you for showing me the man no one else gets to see."

I cuddled my baby against my chest and sat down on the edge of the bed. I had everything in life now. I didn't need any more. This was all I needed. All I would ever need. My life was complete. My world was perfect. And nothing would ever take these two angels away from me.

The door opened behind us, and a doctor walked in whom I had seen earlier with Harlow.

"I'm Dr. Gavins. I'm the pediatrician on call tonight, and I did a check on Harlow earlier. We have some concerns. There was a heart murmur detected, and while this may not prove to be anything more than just that, we need to run some more tests. I'm having her moved to the NICU. She needs to be monitored by the proper equipment."

Emily

Kiro held my hand in both of his as the latest update on Harlow was delivered. I had been released from the hospital yesterday, so Kiro had obtained a room for us to use while Harlow was still here. I couldn't leave her. I refused to. She needed us.

"She was blue," Kiro said slowly, as if it was just sinking in.

There was excessive blood flow from the left side to the right side of her little heart. She was having difficulty breathing. I inhaled deeply, as if I could breathe for her. I had been breathing for her for nine months now. I wanted her back inside me, where she was safe. Protected.

"She's going to be OK," I repeated, to calm him and remind myself. God would not give us this baby girl to love and then snatch her away like that. I just didn't believe he was that cruel.

"Cardiac catheterization sounds scary as fuck, Emmy. Why can't we hold her? She's gotta be sacred."

I didn't know what to tell him. I was waiting patiently for my mother to get here. She had planned on coming once I brought Harlow home so she could help me. But I wanted my momma. Kiro had paid for her plane ticket and was bringing her to me.

"She knows we love her. She can feel it." I had to believe that, too. I needed her to know I loved her.

"She's so fucking tiny. If this doesn't work, they want to ... to ... fuck, I can't even say it."

If this didn't work, Harlow would have to have surgery. Possibly the first of several before she was even three years old. They had told us everything over the past few days. We got to wear scrubs and masks and go back and see her three times a day. Each time we had to leave her again, I had cried.

Kiro held me, and we waited until we could go see her again.

"She is a Manning. She's strong. She's stubborn. And she is loved. She'll be fine." I said the words out loud. I needed that to be so. I believed it. I claimed it, and I would not let it not be true.

January 1995

Emily

I watched as my little girl walked toward me. She wasn't perfectly balanced, but she was walking. Something she wasn't supposed to be doing yet. The doctors said she would develop later than other kids her age, yet she'd walked at nine months. Nothing they said would happen to her had happened. Harlow was tiny for her age, but she appeared healthy.

"Where're my girls?" Kiro's voice boomed through the house, and Harlow started clapping at the sound of it. I wasn't sure who worshipped whom more, Kiro or Harlow.

"There they are," Kiro said, walking into the room and bending down to catch Harlow as she waddled toward him as fast as she could. He scooped her up and kissed her tummy, making her giggle, as they sank down on the sofa beside me. "Hello, angel," he said, kissing me like he hadn't seen me in a week.

"Daddadaddadda," Harlow started chanting, wanting his attention.

Giggling, I broke our kiss and grinned at our daughter, who was now laying sloppy open-mouthed kisses on her father's face.

"Life is sweet when you can come home to all this kind of loving," Kiro said, as he kissed Harlow under the neck, making her squeal with delight.

"I think she missed you," I said, reaching out to wrap one of her dark curls around my finger. She had the silkiest hair.

"I missed her, too. And I missed her momma. I missed her momma a fuck of a lot. I can't wait to get her momma naked later. I got plans for that pu-" I covered his mouth with my hand before he could continue. Kiro may have been the world's greatest dad, but he still forgot that cursing and talking about my private parts weren't OK in front of Harlow.

He nipped at my fingers, and I moved my hand. "Keep it clean," I said, smirking.

"I just missed you," he said, with a pout that was supposed to make it all better.

"I missed you, too. And tonight we can spend some time together."

Harlow put her little hand on Kiro's face like I had, and he pretended to bite her fingers, too, making her giggle.

Next week, we would be keeping Mase while Mary Ann went on her honeymoon. We couldn't travel yet with Harlow, so we would miss the wedding, but my mother was going to fly out and bring Mase to stay with us. I was looking forward to having us all together as a family. Mase was almost five now, and I never wanted him to think he didn't fit into our family. I loved that little boy like he was my own.

"I'm going to be extra needy this week, since we're gonna have both kids next week. Having Mase here, too, always keeps us busy. And I miss my pus-" I covered his mouth again before he could say it.

Harlow started clapping again. We had said the magic word: Mase. She loved her older brother. Luckily, he returned the affection. When she was a baby and fragile, he used to sing her songs and tell her stories as he sat on the floor beside her crib. He worried about her, and he would call and talk to Kiro and me often to see if she was OK.

Now that she was able to play, he gave her his undivided attention when he was here. And she adored him.

"I said Mase, didn't I?" Kiro said with a grin.

I nodded. "Yep," I replied.

Harlow was looking around the room as if in search of Mase.

I laughed and leaned over to Kiro. "I love you," I told him. Although I had told him that twice already today. Once this morning in bed and then again on the phone later.

"Love you more," he replied, and kissed my head. "Always love you more."

December 2014

Kiro

In every lifetime, I believe that each soul is given one mate. Don't get me wrong, I think that a person can fall in love more than one time. But finding your soul mate is a different matter altogether. You don't just love that person, you adore him or her. That person is your world. Your reason for living. The one thing in this life that will make everything OK. When you find your soul mate, you've found your purpose. To love that one person. To experience life with that one person.

Problem with all this is, what happens when you lose your soul mate? When that one person you will love for fucking eternity is taken from you? It destroys you. It shatters you. It takes a part of you that you will never get back. No one can heal you. No one can take your soul mate's place. That person will forever be your other half. Your one true love.

My life started out hard. My childhood sucked. But I made it through the rough times and managed to make the world believe I was a rock star. I was lost, even though I had more money than any one person needed. I had fame that not many people experience. But I was lost.

Until Emily.

She changed me. She showed me the color in life. She gave me a reason to love this life I was given. She loved me in a way no one has ever loved me. Emily is my soul mate. In this life and in the next, she will be the one soul who completes me.

The day I got the call that she'd been in a car accident, I didn't think I would manage to survive. How could I survive when the woman I was destined to spend my life with was gone?

I was given another miracle. She held on. Through five years in a coma, she didn't stop fighting. Her eyes opened up, and although there is a vacancy in them now where my Emmy's light used to be, she's in there. Her soul, her heart, the way she loves me are still inside her.

For years, I fell apart after Emily's accident. I lost touch with life. Drugs and alcohol became my crutch. My daughter was raised by my wife's mother. I wasn't able to be a father. I was hardly making it as a human being.

Now, twenty years later, I sit beside my wife, her soft, fragile hand in mine. We look out over the lake, and I tell her stories of our past. I remind her how much I love her. And I remind her that I will love her in the next life, too. She may no longer be able to speak, and her body may no longer work the way it once did, but inside is my Emmy. She remembers all our adventures together. She knows that for a short time, we had it all.

The knock on the door behind us makes me smile. They're here.

"We have visitors, Emmy. Our granddaughter is here to see us. Are you ready? She looks so much like Harlow did."

I can see what I believe is a smile trying to touch her lips. I press a kiss to her cheek and hold her face in my hands. This woman is my salvation. She is my anchor in this world. "My angel," I whisper to her, reminding her who she is to me. Then the door opens, and our daughter walks in holding a small pink bundle in her arms.

