Before I can even formulate a next move, I hear a door open. It whips so hard it hits the stopper on the concrete wall. Tommi is practically running toward me. Something's wrong.

My heart leaps up into my throat. Chest gets tight, lungs strain to move, pupils dilate-my entire body is ready for battle.

I get out and meet her in front of the truck, taking her upper arms and bending to look into her eyes. "What's wrong? Did he hurt you? So help me God-"

"No," she breathes frantically. "It's Travis. Oh my god, Sig, they took Travis! That bastard has my brother!"

CONTINUED...

Without even thinking, the cop in me takes over. Calmly, I stare into Tommi's eyes. "Back up and tell me what happened. What did he say?"

"He...he..." she gasps, almost hiccupping she's so distraught.

"Slow down. You need to stay as calm as you can, okay? I know it's not easy, but you can't help him if you can't think straight."

She stares up at me, all wide-eyed and beautiful even in her distress. I see her struggle for control, I watch as she gulps in a huge breath of air and exhales slowly, calming herself. "Lance. He said that traitors don't have any place in his life and that he's with someone named Drake."

"Wait, wait, wait. Who's Drake?" I ask. I don't remember hearing the name.

"I don't know, but Sig, I know Lance. I've heard talk of the kinds of things he and his men do when they're trying to get answers. I can't...I can't let them... oh my god, Travis."

Tommi covers her face and sort of folds in on herself, crunching into a tiny ball right in front of me. I bend down and unroll her enough to pick her up and carry her to the passenger side of the truck. By the time I get her buckled in, she's sobbing uncontrollably.

"Hey," I tell her, pulling her hands away from her face until she looks at me. "I won't let anything happen to your brother. I promise. Remember when I told you that you can trust me? I meant it. You can tell me anything. Anything at all. It won't make me feel any differently about you. I promise you that, too."

Quietly, she searches my eyes. I hold her gaze, wishing that there was some way I could sear it onto her brain and make her believe my words. But I can't. The only thing I can do is prove it. Over and over and over, until she can't not believe me.

"Did you call Travis already? Try his phone?"

She nods. "In the elevator. On the way down. No answer." She starts to cry again. "Sig, he always answers when I call."

"We'll start at the house and work our way from there. We'll find him, baby. We'll find him."

Once we're on the road, on our way back to Tommi's, I wait for her sobs to dwindle to sniffles before I start to ask questions. Luckily these are questions that anyone in my situation would ask, not just a cop.

"Tell me how Travis is involved with Lance," I encourage gently.

Tommi glances over at me, her brow furrowing. A wary look steals over her face and locks her open expression behind a cage of suspicion. "He's my brother. He's involved with Lance through me."

"And that's all? That's all that you know of?"

"That's all that I know of. Why?"

I sigh. "Tommi, look. When guys like Lance mention things like 'traitor,' it's usually because someone they've trusted has turned on them somehow. What would he have trusted your brother with? Is there any history at all that you aren't telling me about? Or that you could be overlooking?"

Keeping my attention divided between her and the road, I don't miss it when she starts to gnaw at her bottom lip. It's a nervous thing. Not a scared thing; a nervous thing. And there's only one reason that I can think of that she'd be nervous.

"You have to tell me. You have to trust me. I'm the only one who can help you now. Surely you know that."

She leans her head back and closes her eyes, obviously debating the wisdom of sharing some of her secrets. When she finally raises her head, I don't say anything. I just wait. Wait for her to come to the right conclusion. "Travis has a friend. His name is Trip. I've never liked him, but I was so happy that Travis had finally made a friend, I didn't forbid him to hang out with him. I guess I always wondered if he would end up getting Travis into trouble."

"You think he's a bad influence?"

"I know some things about his older brother, some things he used to do for Lance. I suppose I just always hoped...and prayed that Travis would never do something like that. Not after-"

She stops suddenly, like she caught herself before she said too much. I give her a few seconds. See if she's going to continue without prompting. When she doesn't, I give her a nudge.

"Not after what? Don't shut me out now, Tommi. This is too important."

She looks over at me, her heart in her eyes. Her heart and fear and sadness.

"I had another brother. He-he got in with the wrong crowd. Got into drugs. It didn't end well."

Another brother. She has another brother. Her file, Tommi's file, read one brother and one sister. She's not old enough to have given birth to Travis, although sometimes she acts like she did. Like he's her son.

But he's not. He's her brother. Isn't he?

I find myself questioning everything I know about her. Well, everything I think I know about her.

"By the 'wrong crowd,' do you mean this Trip kid's older brother?"

She nods, casting her eyes down to where she's picking at her fingernails again.

"Are you thinking that Trip is working for Tonin? Is that how he thinks Travis is a traitor? That Travis found out and told or something?"

"I honestly don't know. I haven't noticed any odd behavior in Travis. I mean, with his Asperger's, he's very socially closed-off anyway, but he doesn't act like my other brother did when he got...involved. Not at all."

We both fall quiet as I digest what she's said, trying to ignore the odd puzzle piece (another brother who's no longer around, whether dead or just gone, I don't know) in favor of focusing on the immediate issue, which is Travis's whereabouts.

Before I can even stop, Tommi's out of the truck, her long legs stretching to eat up the sidewalk. I slam it into park and cut the engine, running after her. I'd like to have gone in first, but I don't think Tonin would endanger her. Or else he wouldn't have let her leave. He's obviously trying to make a point.

When I get inside, Tommi's flitting from room to room, calling Travis's name as she opens every door, even the closets, and looks under all the beds. She's white as a ghost when she returns to the living room.

"He's not here. He's really not here." I guess she was holding on to the hope that Tonin was using a scare tactic, or that maybe they hadn't really nabbed him. But somebody did. Drake. Whoever that is.

"Do you know where Trip lives?" I ask.

"Within a house or two, yeah. I know the street for sure."

"Then let's go."

We drive three blocks and she tells me to slow down, her eyes combing each house we pass for signs of something familiar. "There!" she says, pointing to a shitty Pontiac sitting in the driveway of the tiniest brick house I've ever seen. "Travis said something once about Trip's beat-up blue Pontiac. Surely there's not more than one on this street."

I pull up along the curb. "Stay here," I instruct.

"Hell no!" she spits, jumping out before I can reason with her. I want to shake her and kiss her at the same time. I love seeing her in anger. She's absolutely magnificent.

I follow her to the door where she bangs three times. She waits about thirty seconds and pummels it with three more strikes. When there's still no answer in another thirty seconds, she raises her hand to do it again. This time, I catch her, cupping her fist in my palm.

"That might not be the best way to go about this. Come on." I lace my fingers through hers and tug her with me around back. Jutting out into the patchy turf of the back yard is a cracked cement patio with four plastic chairs on it and a bong sitting on what appears to be a rusted grill lid. I step up onto the deck and peek through the sliding glass door, which is covered only by a half-hung curtain. There's a kid sitting in a recliner, smoking a joint and watching an old Beavis and Butthead rerun.

When Tommi would lunge forward, I hold her behind me, putting my finger to my lips so she'll know I want her to be quiet. I reach out and give the slider handle a sharp yank. It opens easily.

Reflexes slowed by hash, the kid I'm assuming is Trip just stares me with his mouth hanging open for a good ten seconds before he even makes a move to run. By that time, I'm close enough to reach out, grab him by the scruff of his shirt and haul his ass back into the chair where I can trap him with my arms on either side of his greasy head.

"Where's Travis?" I ask without preamble.

"Who's-"

"Don't play games with me, you little piss ant," I snap, slapping his cheek hard enough to turn his head.

"I'm not-"

I smack again, cutting off his words before he can toss out another lie. "You Trip?"

He says nothing.

"That's what I thought. Now you listen to me, Trip. I work for Lance Tonin. Behind me is his girlfriend. If he were to find out somewhere along the way that you withheld information that would've led us to her brother, well, I'd hate to see what a guy like that could do to your balls. But that would be after," I say, grabbing a red lighter from the table beside him, "after I get through with you." I flick the lighter, waving my hand quickly over the open fire before holding the thin flame down at his crotch.

The kid slaps at it, shrinking away, a terrified look on his stoner face. "What the fu-"

"Seems like you might be finally understanding how important this is. Now, I'm only gonna ask you one more time, kid. Where. Is. Travis?"

He squeals when I twitch my thumb and reignite the flame. "Chaps! Chaps! Chaps came to get him!"

Chaps? Why does that name sound-

Shit! The teacher!

"Chaps is his teacher, correct?"

Trip nods.

"What's his first name?"

"D-Drake, I think. I just call him Chaps. My brother always did."

Thoughts, theories, worries cascade down into my mind like a waterfall. "Did your brother have Mr. Chaps for any of his classes in school?"

Trip nods again.

"And did you?"

Nod.

I glance at Tommi. If possible, her face is even paler than before. I'm guessing that her other, older brother had him for a class as well. And we know that Travis does.

Special needs, I think with a sneer. That's what Tommi called him-Travis's "special needs" teacher. I wonder if "special needs" is specific to those with mental health conditions or if it encompasses any kid with a behavioral problem. Do troublemakers and little criminals qualify for the attention of a "special needs" teacher? Because that might be how these drugs are getting moved. And how minors are getting involved.

My stomach sinks.

I had Chaps put under surveillance. If he caught wind of a tail, got suspicious in any way and somehow thought Travis ratted him out...I could be responsible for whatever happens to Tommi's younger brother.

Holy God! Tommi would never forgive me. And I'd never forgive myself.

I need to get information to the station. And to get information from them. It would help if Tommi would trust me and I could be honest with her and put her in police custody. Protective custody, until all this gets sorted out.

If only...she trusted me.

I turn back to Trip. "Where does Chaps do business? Is he the one who distributes for Tonin? Through his kids at school?"

Trip says nothing, just watches me. I'm sure he realizes that he could be getting himself in deeper shit by giving away such details on the inner workings of Tonin's enterprise.

"Tell me!" I growl through gritted teeth. Still, he says nothing. "Don't make me hurt you kid. I don't want to, but don't think I wouldn't enjoy it a little if I did."

A lie. Hopefully a convincing one.

Before he can answer, I wedge my knee against Trip's and I lean in, forcing his legs to stay parted. I flick the lighter again and hold it right up against his zipper. The material of his jeans turns black and I can smell the stench of singed denim. The flame is not enough to actually burn him yet, but it's enough to scare the piss out of him.

He tries to scramble away, but I subdue him easily with just one hand clamped onto his shoulder. I outweigh him by at least a hundred pounds, if I had to guess.

"I'm not playing." I press his wrist to the scorching-hot material over his limp dick and he yowls like I cut his hand off. "Tell me!"

"He- he owns an old restaurant. Over on Colonial. At least he used to. When Davey was running for him. That's when him and Lance hooked up. Now, he just parks the shipment for Lance and then gets it to my brother, Davey."

"How?" When he doesn't immediately respond, I push my elbow into his throat. "How?"

He yells and I back off just enough that he can breathe and talk freely. "Chaps switches out the back packs of some of his students. Puts the shit in 'em and sends 'em home."

"He sends drugs home with these kids?" That sounds stupid as hell.

"Why not? What damn mom looks through her kid's school shit, ya know?"

Evidently he's right. They haven't been caught yet.

"Then what?"

"Then the kid sets the pack outside at night and I pick up the drugs for Davey. He gets 'em out through his network. He's higher up now. He ain't no runner no more. And he'll kick my ass if he finds out I told you this much. Lance don't let many of those assholes know about his operation. That's why he don't get caught."

"And how did you come by all this information then, dickweed?"

"D-Davey. He lets me stay with him sometimes. Gives me free shit when he has it. Been stoned and high at his house more times than I can count. And I hear stuff at night, you know. But I don't tell. I keep the secrets. Been trying to get him to let me in, give me a better job, but he won't let me do more than pick up."

I think back to Travis's backpack. I knew the zippers were a different color! Damn, I'm glad I followed my gut and had the department put a tail on the teacher. Maybe they've found the restaurant. Maybe they've got something prosecutable on him or on Tonin already. Then again, maybe not. Either way, I'm one step closer to nailing the Lance Tonin. And on my very first undercover assignment, no less.

Satisfaction flows through me, making me wanna whoop as loud as my damn lungs will allow. But I can't do that. This isn't the time to celebrate.

My pleasure is short-lived when I think of how Travis could be in real trouble. So could Tommi. And there's still a helluva lot more going on, more to find out. More to do. I can't afford to blow it now. Or get complacent.

"So Travis has been bringing drugs home from school, putting his bag out at night and you come pick it up." I glance over at Tommi. "You notice anything off?"

She's cupping her elbows, her arms wrapped tight around her middle like she's either cold or sick. She shakes her head. "Most nights I'm out with Lance. At least for a little while. On the nights when I stay home, Travis comes over here." She closes her eyes, like she's disappointed in herself. "Now I know why. Now I know why he never wants to stay home when I'm there. He has to make sure the drugs get here. Is that it, Trip?" she asks, pinning him with her pain-dulled green eyes.

He nods, his foggy brown eyes darting between us suspiciously.

"But why switch backpacks? Why not use the same one?"

"How'd you know?" he asks. When I don't answer, Trip shrugs. "Students drop off for Chaps first thing in the morning, in his room. He has packs that look just like theirs, gives 'em the clean ones to carry all day. Sticks the ones with drugs in 'em in the closet until the last period of the day. Ain't no teacher or principle or anybody really gonna think nothing about seeing a couple-a backpacks sitting in a teacher's room. It's a school, man! Plus, when the cops come to search, they don't put the drugs dogs in the classrooms. Just on the lockers. I'm sure if Chaps got caught, though, he'd blame it on the kids who left the bags with him. He only comes in first thing with the drugs. Spreads it out and keeps that shit hid in back packs all day. Perfect alibi if he ever got caught."

I think it sounds like the dumbest operation in the world, but it's obviously so simple it works. Lance Tonin has been getting his pollution out and evading capture for years. And this is how.

"Why does Chaps-or Tonin for that matter-think Travis has done something to betray him?"

"Hell if I know, dude. I just wanna get high and stay outta prison. Keep my head down."

Looking at his lackluster eyes, brimming with fear, I believe him. Besides, I can't imagine why anybody would trust this little asshat with anything more important than the basics. This is probably all he knows.

"Tell anybody we were here and I'll come back for you. And if you run, I'll find you. Either way, you won't like what happens when I get my hands on you. Comprende?"

He nods, still stiff and holding himself away from me.

I turn, taking Tommi's hand, and we walk back out to the truck. I start the engine and sit in the quiet for a few seconds, thinking. Finally, I take out my phone. I risk typing a text that includes the information that I just learned and sending it on to my handler at the station. All this shit's getting ready to blow up and they need to know. They need to get their asses out there and be prepared to intervene. Even if it means Tommi finds out who I am, I have to do it.

Tommi doesn't ask me who I texted, though. Her mind is elsewhere. I shift into gear and pull out, heading down the street then across town toward Colonial, toward where Chaps has a place and where we might find Travis.

After a couple of minutes to settle down, I reach for Tommi's hand, giving her comfort as I press her for more.

"Where's your other brother now? Maybe he could tell us something. Help us out. Is he still involved with Tonin?" I'm thinking he may be in prison. Finally got busted or something. But I can work with that. I am a cop after all.

"No, he can't help us."

"Can't or won't?"

She leans her head back and closes her eyes. "Can't." She exhales and adds softly, "He's dead."

Oh shit.

"God, Tommi, I'm so sorry. I...I..."

"It's okay. You didn't know. It happened a long time ago."

"What happened? How'd he die?" I ask gently.

She turns eyes to me that are both wary and tired. She doesn't answer me, which is an answer in and of itself. And that pisses me off.

"After everything, everything that's happened and all that we've shared, you still don't trust me."

"Sig, I..."

"Ain't that a bitch?" I snap bitterly. I'm frustrated and a little stung by it.

"I...I just..." Her voice breaks like she's going to cry, but she doesn't. At least not that I see. Maybe she's crying on the inside.

"Please, Tommi," I plead sincerely. "I can help you. But you have to trust me."

She's quiet for a couple of long, tense minutes. When she finally speaks, her voice is low and robotic.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN- TOMMI

"My father left when Travis was just a few years old. Left and took his income, half the furniture, and most of our stability with him. My mother held it together for as long as she could. She had two jobs waiting tables. Worked all kinds of crazy hours just to put food in our mouths. It was tight, but we were making it. She wasn't around much, though. My brothers and I were practically raising ourselves. We all started getting into trouble. I guess I wanted to escape. That was my reason for most of the stuff I did. For Travis, I think only part of what he was doing was acting out. The rest was because of his condition. But my older brother...well, he was mad. Just plain ol' mad. At Dad, at Mom, at the world. I didn't really know how bad it was until I was thirteen. That's the year Momma had her wreck. She lost both of her jobs, couldn't really do much in the way of hard work, so she got on disability. Things went from tight to miserable, and everything just went downhill from there. Downhill fast.

"My brother started using drugs first. Experimenting, I think. Then he started selling. To try to get extra money. He was busted a few times. Minor stuff mostly-petty theft, breaking and entering. But then he got busted with enough coke to get him into serious trouble. Spent a year in juvie when he was sixteen. When he got out, he was like a totally different person. He was bitter. Careless. Barely graduated high school. That's when he really started dealing. I mean, seriously dealing. I think that's when he gave up. He was dead by the time he was nineteen."

"How'd he die?"

"Drug-related accident," I answer vaguely.

Sig is silent for the better part of at least two minutes. I pray that he'll stop asking questions and just focus on getting Travis back.

But I'm not so lucky.

Never have been.

"Tommi, look. I know you know how things work. In this business, we have to do everything we can to keep the upper hand, to avoid doing time. In most cases, that means finding a dirty cop to put on the payroll. Eyes and ears where we need 'em. Just because I'm new here doesn't mean I'm stupid. Or unprepared. I've got sources. Everybody's got sources."

I turn my frown on him. "What are you getting at?"

"I got info, dirt even on everybody associated with Lance. Know your enemies, know your friends. When I found out I'd be protecting you, I had a friend look into you. Something turned up on Tommy Lawrence. A juvenile record." Sig pauses, drawing out the tension until I think I will burst before he continues. And when he does, one of my worst nightmares comes true. "Who's Tommy Lawrence? The real Tommy Lawrence? The boy?"

The dull ache of panic fills my chest with so much tightness that I feel like I might explode. My heartbeat is thundering inside my head, like the thump of a thousand bass drums reverberating through a dark, shadowy forest. Behind my eyes, the old crashes into the new, the past into the present, in a fiery collision that threatens to incinerate me where I sit. Oh God, oh God, oh God!

"I don't know what you mean."

I concentrate on taking deep, calming breaths even though my lungs seem to be frozen in terror.

"Don't lie to me, Tommi. You said you wouldn't. And considering what we've had together, you owe me that much at least. The truth. Who's the real Tommy?"

For a few tense seconds, I feel as though nothing moves. Time, space, the air, the earth. Nothing breathes. Rather, everything is stopped on a gasp. And for the first time in my life, for as long as I can remember, when backed into a corner, I take a leap. Instead of running or evading or lying, I take a leap and I trust.

I don't know why I leap, why I trust. I don't know why Sig, why now. I only know that some part of me needs to be able to trust him, needs to be able to believe in love again. Because that's what Sig makes me feel. Love. Trust. Hope.

"H-he's my older brother," I confess stiffly. Once the words are out, the rest spews out of me like an uncontrollable geyser. The tears streaming down my face are little more than evidence of its eruption. "He came home one night, high on bath salts that he got from Lance Tonin. He punched Travis in the face twice before I even knew something was wrong. He was like a rabid dog. Mad and so strong. I couldn't stop him. I could only stand between him and Travis. I honestly thought he was going to kill us both. But he didn't. Instead, he turned and went after Momma. Maybe it was because he blamed her. I don't know, but one minute he was there with us, the next I heard these awful noises coming from her bedroom.

"He'd jumped on her in the bed and started hitting her. I tried to pull him off, but he was stronger than I could ever imagine a kid being. He slung me off. Sent me crashing into the bedside table. It sort of addled me. When I managed to get up, he was beating Momma in the side of the head with the base of the lamp. She wasn't even conscious. She was just laying there, bleeding and gurgling. That's all I could hear other than Tommy grunting and her bones crunching.

"I didn't know what to do, so I grabbed the bat Momma kept under her bed and I hit him in the back of the head with it. He just slumped over on top of her. I stood there for a few minutes, waiting for him to move. I couldn't run. I couldn't leave Momma and Travis alone with him, so I just stood there, staring at them, not knowing what to do. Travis came in and saw them. He freaked out. He was just eleven at the time. He cried for two days straight. Pulled most of the hair out on one side of his head. Peed in his bed both times he tried to go to sleep."

Even though I'm lost in days I've tried hard to forget, I'm hyper aware of Sig's silence. He hasn't said a word.

I haven't looked at him to see what expression he's wearing either. I'm afraid of what I'll find. And it's too late to turn back now. I've said too much already.

The only thing I can do is go on. So I do.

"I killed Tommy. I killed my own brother. I didn't mean to, but I did. After that, I panicked. I knew I couldn't let anybody find out. They'd put me away and Travis would be left all alone. A ward of the state. Living with strangers. Or in an institution. And for a child with Asperger's, that would've been horrible for him. We were all he had, all he knew. It was up to me to keep him safe, keep him home. Until he turned eighteen and they couldn't control him anymore, it was up to me. He was up to me. So until I could think of some way to get rid of the body without getting caught, I put Tommy in a freezer chest, the one out on the back porch that Momma always kept extra meat in when she could afford to buy in bulk."

"Momma," I sigh, swallowing because my mouth is as dry as ash. "Momma was hurt. She was hurt bad. I thought she was going to die there for a while. She didn't, but she never really woke up again after that day. I took care of her, cleaned her up and did the best I could to keep her alive so we wouldn't get caught or split up. Everything I did was in order to keep Travis and me together and safe, without anybody knowing what had happened. I stayed home from school for three days. Dripped water in her mouth to keep her from dying of thirst. She finally healed up enough that she could take some sips of water through a straw. Some of her teeth were busted, so I'd mash up Spaghettios and feed them to her. I didn't know what else to do. Eventually, taking care of her was like after school chores of any other kind.

"For a few months, Travis and I got into this weird new routine. Almost normal, I guess. We both went to school. Came home and did our homework. I fixed dinner. Mostly soup for a while, but then I started taking the bus to the grocery store using some money I found in Tommy's room. That didn't last very long, so I started forging Momma's signature and cashing her disability checks. It was weird, but no one even noticed that our family had fallen apart. I guess that's what happens to the poor kids. The world...life...just sort of forgets about you and you fend for yourself. However you have to make do.

"Surprisingly, we did all right for a while. But then, during the fall of that year, Travis got in a fight at school. He just went nuts. Ended up putting the other kid in the hospital. Paralyzed him from the waist down. The parents pressed charges. He went to juvie for seven months. There was nothing I could do."

I feel...tired. I've never told anyone my whole story. And while I've relived parts of it in my head over the years, I've tried not to dwell on it because it's full of bad memories and counterproductive emotions. I learned a long time ago that feeling sorry for myself wouldn't get me a damn thing. So I've made myself focus on planning-a way out, a better life, how to keep Travis safe. I'm always planning. It's the only thing I've got going for me in life. A plan.

"Then what happened?" Sig asks softly. Still, I don't look over at him. I don't think I can bear it.

My face is tight and wet from my tearful outburst. The neckline of my shirt is even soaked. I haven't cried like this in a long time. I haven't let myself. Even now, I don't think I allowed myself to feel, per se; I think I just couldn't hold it in any longer. Somewhere deep down, I feel like I've been waiting half my life for someone like Sig to come along, waiting for someone to care enough to ask. For someone to unlock the door and let it all out.

"It was while Travis was gone that I realized how vulnerable we were without a legal guardian. How things would be different if only I was eighteen. In my head, I guess I thought that would fix everything. I was already thinking it when Travis finally got out of juvie. But when I saw how...broken he was, when I started listening to what he'd say during his nightmares at night, when he'd pee the bed and cry in his sleep, that's when I knew I had to do something. He'd been sexually abused in juvie. It's hard for him to make friends, but it's not hard for the bullies to find him. And they did. I wasn't sure he'd ever be all right again. That's when I decided that I'd be eighteen one way or the other. I had to be able to drive, to get a job, to keep Travis. I had planned it out in my head that if anyone ever asked about Momma, we'd say that she left. Like Dad. And I'd file for custody of Travis and we'd be fine. But only if it ever came to that. I don't know if that actually would've worked, but I was just a kid. I was doing everything I could to survive. So, out of sheer desperation, I took Tommy's social security card and got my driver's license. His name, his birthday with my picture on it. An insignificant little card for most people, but for me, it said that I was almost twenty years old, the age Tommy would've been. That square saved our lives. It bought us time, time until Travis could turn eighteen, time until we would be able to run away somewhere and start over. Never look back. That was my plan anyway. But that was before I met Lance Tonin."

"How did he come into the picture?" Sig asks.

"He'd been looking for Tommy. I guess he'd been watching the house for a while. Probably wondering if Tommy took off with his money or his drugs. He caught me outside hanging laundry on the line one day. He was asking for my brother. Must've thought I was lying to protect him when I said I didn't know where he was. He got a little rough. Forced his way into the house. I suppose he'd been watching long enough to think no one lived there other than Travis and me. Which no one did. Not really. My mother never counted." I sigh wearily. "Anyway, he searched the place for Tommy, for the money and the drugs that Tommy never made good on. Unfortunately he did find Tommy. Dead. In the freezer. It didn't take long for him to realize he had a unique opportunity. And that's when the threats started."

"But why did you-"

"Oh, if it had just been me, I would've told him to go to hell. I'd rather have gone to jail for murder than spend an hour being nice to Lance Tonin, but it wasn't just me. There was Travis. I was all he had in the world. The only person who cared, who understood. The only person who would never hurt him, who would always protect him. So I made a deal with the devil. To make sure that my brother would have a home and what was left of his family. To make sure that he wouldn't have to live the rest of his life with no one to love him. And to make sure that all our secrets were kept until I could find a way out. An escape. I went to prison that day. I just never had to leave home to do it."

Not for the first time, my heart aches with excruciating regret. With the fervent desire for a do-over, for things to have been different. For me, for Travis, for our family. Sometimes I think I'd give anything...anything in the world to be able to go back and change things. Make Dad stay. Make things better. But there was no going back. There is no going back.

"So who are you, really?"

It seems odd to talk about the real me. Sometimes it feels like she died with Tommy that day. But it's also a relief to talk about her, to remind myself that parts of my plan are still in place. And that there's still hope. And maybe, just maybe, someone I can trust with it all.

But still, there's bitterness. So much bitterness as I think about who that girl is versus who she could've been, if only...

If only...

"Tia Lawrence," I say stiffly. "My name is Tia Lawrence and I'm a twenty-one year old whore to Lance Tonin because that's the best I could do with the cards life dealt me. At least for a while longer, until Travis turns eighteen and the state can't take him from me. But on that day...by midnight, on the morning of his birthday, we'll be long gone from here. We're leaving, going some place where no one will be able to hurt us anymore. Not even Lance Tonin."

"Aren't you afraid he'll tell the police about your brother? How will you ever be free of him?"

"Oh he might. He took Tommy's body. I don't know what he did with it. He says he's got it buried somewhere safe so he won't have to worry about my loyalty. The thing is, he knows why I have to be Tommy. I think, in a way, to all of us, I am Tommi. No one has called me Tia since the day I came home from the DMV. It had to be that way. I think even Lance sometimes forgets, so much so that I don't think he keeps tabs on Tia Lawrence. I never mention her. No one does. For all he knows, she disappeared and won't ever come back. He thinks he saved me. He thinks he has me. But he doesn't. Tia got her GED online. She also has almost enough credits to graduate college with a degree in psychology. And when she does, she and her brother will go to a non-extradition country and she'll be able to get a job helping kids like him and they can finally live a happy life, free of Lance Tonin. Free of our past. Where nobody can hurt us. And nobody can take us away from each other."

I hear his whispering sigh of understanding.

"Ahhhh, so that's what you sneak away to do on the computer. You're getting your degree."

I nod. "Yes."

As I always do when I think about my plan, I feel lighter. I can even smile when I think about what our lives will be like once Travis turns eighteen and we can start over somewhere else. It's like the mental picture alone is capable of lifting away the weight, the shame, the sadness, the fear. Everything that I've lived with for so long. For just a few seconds, it fades away.

Only this time, it doesn't return in the same way that it usually does. Today, only one emotion comes back in full force. So strong, in fact, that it drowns out all the others.

Fear. Fear for my brother. If something happens to him, everything I've done will be for nothing. I will have ultimately failed him. And I'm not sure I can live with that. I'm not sure I'd even want to.

Finally, after baring my soul to the only person other than Travis and my mother that I actually care about, I turn to Sig. I wait until he meets my eyes and then I beg. Without dignity or hesitation, I beg.

"Please help me find Travis. Help me save him. Please."

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT- SIG

"We'll find him," I tell Tommi. "We'll find him if I have to tear this town apart."

She falls quiet for the rest of the trip, leaving me to my chaotic thoughts. Holy mother of shit, what the hell am I going to do? I'm a cop, for chrissake. The woman that I've been steadily falling for is not only the girlfriend of a drug dealer, which was something I could've gotten around, she's also a murderer with a laundry list of other felonies to her credit. In more than one name.

Christ on a cracker! Where do I even start?

I don't even know. I can only think of all the ways that this can go, none of them good. I mean, how can this end well? How can I save her from the shitstorm that she's created for herself?

There's only one answer. I can't. Unless I were to compromise everything that I believe, everything that makes me me, there's no way I can save her from this. There's just too much.

But how can I not? How can I be yet another person to let her down? How can I beg her to trust me and then let life take her from me?

Maybe there's a way I can help her, a way that we can both live with. Talk to my captain, to the DA, to anybody who will listen about getting her reduced sentencing. I mean, she was a juvenile when she killed her brother. And it was accidental at that. Self-defense, some could even argue. I mean, if he'd turned his rage on her...

Then there are the checks, also forged while she was a minor. But she didn't say she stopped cashing them once she made the deal with Tonin. And, if she were smart, she probably didn't so that it wouldn't raise any brows or questions about the welfare of her mother.

Shit!

Then there's whatever she might have been complicit in as far as Tonin's dirty dealings. Jesus in a jumpsuit, she's in a shitload of trouble if all this comes out.

And that's up to me.

If I don't tell, and Tonin for some reason doesn't rat her out... could I go on, knowing this, and never tell? Could I do that and still look myself in the mirror? Could I not, though? Could I live with myself if I didn't do anything and everything for her, to help her?

I don't have the answer. To any of those questions. I just hope something comes to me before I need them.

I glance over at Tommi where she sits in the passenger seat. No matter what she's done, no matter what happens from this point on, she will still be my Tommi. The woman who draws my soul like bees to honey. She's good. Deep down. There's no question of that. And regardless of what unfolds from here on, I'll fight for her, for her case and her life, until my dying breath. I begged her to trust me and she did. Even though I knew I'd have to betray that trust to some degree, I had no idea what I was actually asking of her. But she did. She knew she'd be giving me everything I could ever need to destroy her whole life. Yet she did it anyway. Knowing how thoroughly I could screw her, she did it. She trusted me when she's never trusted anyone else. She picked me.

Determination sets in. I can't let her down. I have to do whatever I can. Whatever it is. I have to. I know I do. As God is my witness, I'll go to my grave trying to make good on her trust because no one else ever has. And she deserves that. After all that she's been through, she deserves someone to love her that much.

I should probably tell her that I'm a cop, but it would be crazy to risk the operation at this stage. If I can take Tonin down, half her worries will be over. So for her good as well as that of my career, I'll keep my mouth shut a little bit longer.

When the old restaurant comes into view, I pull around to the next block, to the side street, so we can approach from the rear of the building. I don't want to advertise our presence.

I turn toward Tommi, who looks exhausted. Like she might fall apart any second now. "Stay here. I'll-"

"Don't even finish that sentence. I'm coming with you. That's my brother in there. At least I hope to God it is."

"Tommi, I-"

"Unless you plan to knock me out or tie me to the roof of this truck, I'm coming. Stop wasting time."

Her face is pale, but determined. And really, I don't blame her. I'd be the same way if it were one of my brothers or my sister in there.

"Stay behind me. No matter what. You hear me?"

She nods once. "Behind you. Got it."

I reach across in front of Tommi and unlock the glove compartment. I remove the "illegal" gun I was given for my cover ID. At this point, I don't give a shit if it's legal or not; I just want it to shoot.

We both get out and meet at the tailgate. I stuff the gun into the back of my waistband and take Tommi's hand. Together we walk down the sidewalk toward the old restaurant. A million things left unsaid. A lifetime of questions for just the next five minutes.

I'm immediately suspicious, my instincts on high alert when we get close enough to see that the back door is open. So is the door to the matching storage building across a narrow alley. I pull Tommi to a stop, but before I can decide our next move, Barber, Lance Tonin's right hand man, appears at the entrance to the smaller building. Alarm bells start sounding and my gut tells me that this is all about to go sideways.

He smiles, a gesture that I guess is what a rat would look like if it were capable of such expression. "Just in time. Come on in."

He disappears inside and I turn to Tommi. "Please. Go back to the truck. Get the hell out of here. I'm begging you."

She looks me in the eye, nothing but bravery and determination on her beautiful face. "He's my brother. And-and I won't let you clean up my messes."

Yeah, it might be the worst possible time in the world for something like this, but I don't give a shit. Things are happening. Most likely the sun will rise on a totally different reality for all of us tomorrow. Gotta make the most of right now.

I cup Tommi's face in my hands, staring intently down into the emerald green I'll probably never be able to forget, no matter what happens. "I'd walk through fire for you. And for anyone you care about. You don't have to do this alone anymore. You've got me."

Tears well in her eyes, turning sparkling jewels into liquid pools. Her chin trembles the tiniest bit and she winds her fingers around my wrists, holding me to her. "Whatever today or tomorrow, or next month or next year holds, I will never regret you. Whether you know it or not, you saved me."

God, how I want to! I wish I could just sweep her off her feet and run with her, far and fast. But I can't. For a hundred different reasons, I can't. And I won't. I'm not one to run from anything and this is no exception. We'll face this, whatever this ends up being, together.

My mouth falls onto Tommi's in a kiss that was meant to be gentle, sincere. But the urgency of the situation, the uncertainty of tomorrow turns it into a rough, wild plundering. When I pull away, we're both gasping for air. The moment is real and raw and maybe as honest as any we've shared.

And I know that Tommi feels it, too. I can see it in the lines of her face, in the way her eyes soften.

"Sig, I...I-"

My chest gets tight. I know what she's going to say. Whether in truth or as a result of the turmoil, I don't know, but right at this moment, she loves me. In a way, I hope she doesn't finish her sentence, doesn't tell me.

I want to hear her say it. Yes, it makes me feel a little panicky, but I still want to hear the words come from those delectable lips. Just not right now. Not this way. And she must realize the same thing. She takes a single step back, trailing off into something else entirely. "I...I say we go get my brother."

She threads her fingers through mine and we turn toward the back door, together. As we near it, I move in front of her and tuck her safely behind me. I don't know what to expect, but I'll feel better about whatever it if Tommi isn't in the line of fire.

Inside, the room is mostly empty. There are a few crates stacked against one wall and a couple of old stoves, maybe from the restaurant, lining the other. In the center of the floor is a chunky wooden table and four chairs poised under a swinging overhead light. All it lacks is a bloody suspect tied to a chair and it would be the most cliche setup I've ever seen.

It's at that table where Travis sits, playing on his phone. Chaps is on one side, Barber on the other. I wonder for just a second why they let Travis keep his phone and why he didn't answer it when Tommi called. Or call somebody for God's sake.

"I'd just get that idea right out of my head if I were you. You won't be getting a signal in here," Barber explains, uncrossing his ankles and crossing them to the other side, like he's bored as hell. "It's jammed. Can't have you calling your buddies for help, now can we?"

I narrow my eyes on him. "My buddies?"

"Yeah, your cop friends."

My pulse flutters, but only slightly. And I make sure nothing shows on my stone face. "I don't have cop friends."

Barber smiles again. It's humorless, though. Maybe even smug, like he's got me right where he wants me. "I'd expect a criminal not to have many cop friends, but you're not a criminal, are you, Sig? You're a cop. What's that say about you-a cop with no cop friends? Don't you play well with others?"

My blood runs cold, but I maintain. "I don't know what the hell you're talking about. Sounds to me like you've been sneaking into boss man's stash. What's the matter, Barber? You tweaking on the side? Making you a little paranoid?"

He laughs. "A smart ass to the end. Not that it will matter. You're caught. Busted. What I don't know is why you're still pretending. Last ditch effort to save an operation? Or maybe save face with a girl?" His sharp eyes dart to Tommi. "Does she know who you really are?"

In the quiet that follows his question, I hear Tommi's breathing grow ragged where she stands slightly behind me. The fingers twisted into my shirt grip tighter, so tight I can feel a slight tremble. I try to put her reaction out of my mind, but it's hard as hell not to feel guilty when I've told her she can trust me. Not to mention the fact that she just spilled her guts about some shit that she'd probably want anyone in the world to know except a cop.

"You must have me confused with somebody else, Barber."

"Oh, I think not Sigmond Locke. Did you really think Lance wouldn't find out?"

Think!

"If you're trying to throw some poor bastard under the bus, I'd suggest you pick one of your lackeys. Maybe one who's too dumb to figure out what you're doing."

"Oh, I've got the right man."

I don't give in. I press the issue while moving a few small steps forward, nothing to alarm him. Just enough to get closer. "Is that why you took Travis? You trying to get rid of me? Blame something on me?"

"The blame is already placed. You can deny it all you want. It won't change a damn thing. But yeah, we did take the kid to get you here. Fast. Without time to plan or think. Or get word to your people. And it worked like a damn charm, didn't it? You came alone."

The tension is interrupted only by Travis. He makes a strange noise and starts rocking back and forth, tapping his fist against his temple. We all look toward him and I hear Tommi gasp. She tears herself away from my back.

"Travis!"

She streaks by me. I reach for her arm to stop her, but she shakes me off and runs to Travis anyway. Barber doesn't move. He doesn't even watch her, in fact. His eyes are trained on me, not Tommi where she squats beside her brother.

"Such a shame that you had to involve the girl and her brother, Mr. Locke. Now you'll all have to die. And I hate hurting kids. That puts me in a terrible mood. That's why I'll save you for last. If anybody should suffer for the pissy way I feel, it should be you."

"Why the hell would you want to hurt Tommi and Travis? They haven't done anything wrong."

"Oh, I think Lance would disagree. Once he found out you were all up in his pussy, he looked into you a little deeper. I mean, what kind of an idiot shit-for-brains moron would mess with Lance Tonin's woman? It seems there's only one. And guess what Lance found on you. Cost him a pretty penny, but he got all he needed. Spent the weekend getting this place cleaned up for your pig partners, just in case you'd screwed some information out of Tommi and sent it in. Unfortunately, that means my friend here," he says, nodding toward Chaps, who hasn't said a word since we got here, "will have to leave town. Too risky to keep business running the same way. We could never be sure how much you've passed on. It's a pain in the ass to shift things around after all this time, but it's worth it to stay in business and give you bungling dickheads something to do with your time. Earn your pay and all that shit."

I spare a glance at Tommi who is cradling Travis, petting his hair and whispering into his ear as he rocks. The eyes that meet mine over the top of his head are shooting invisible sparks of heartbreak and betrayal at me. They hit me like tiny dots of fire, burning their way through my skin and muscle, straight to bone.

This is not how I envisioned my confession playing out, but I can't think about that right now. I have to get us out of here. Alive.

As fast as my mind will work, I race through several scenarios, searching for the one that's most effective and will buy me the most time. I sent word to my handler that this is the place Tonin's shit is kept. I hope to God they send someone to check it out because I have no choice except to own up to who I really am. That means that I have one option that'll do both. A bluff. A big one.

I cross my arms over my chest, letting a smile play across my face. "So that's your answer then? To get rid of us? To kill a woman, a kid and a cop? And you think that'll make things better for you?" I laugh, as boisterously as I can. "What you don't know, ass monkey, is that this shit's coming down. Your whole crew is busted. It's just a matter of time. Of course, a better, more orderly take-down was in the works, but it ain't no thing. A few minutes won't matter. The end result is the same. You dicklovers. In jail. For a long, long time. Of course, you can make it even worse if you really wanna. By, oh I don't know, say, adding murder to your list of charges. If that's your master plan, then hell! Be my guest."

Barber's grin worries me. He doesn't look the least bit concerned. "And what, exactly, will these charges be? There are no drugs here. You have no proof, no evidence that we've done anything wrong. Travis here could point a finger at Chaps, but he'll be dead before his sister's body hits the ground. So what's your play then? You must know something I don't know, because we're clean, five-oh." He takes a step toward me, his eyes flashing. At last I see some emotion other than smug satisfaction-anger. "We're clean."

All I can do is bluff some more, buy time until I can figure out how the hell to get us out of here. I smile, big enough and long enough for him to take notice and narrow his eyes on me. "If that's what you think, maybe I overestimated you. We'll see. But I can tell you what won't be happening. I sure as hell ain't gonna stand here and show my hand. If that's what you're getting at, then you're a dumbass. No matter what happens to me or them, you're goin' down, cocksucker."

Barber watches me silently, debating whether to off us and take his chances or try to find out what I really know, what we really know.

"You'd risk their lives for a bust?"

"Look, man, I don't give a shit what you do with me, but I won't lie. I'm in deep with those two. It's gonna be sweet to watch you get what's coming to you. But so help me God, if you are stupid enough to lay a hand on either of them, you'll wish I'd killed you instead. I promise you that." I let my words, the weight and the sincerity of them sink in before I continue. "You're going down either way. How far down you go is entirely up to you."

"How important is she to you?" Barber asks, nodding faintly toward Tommi.

I narrow my eyes on him. "Very. But I think I've made that pretty clear."

"You have. But I think you've forgotten that we can make her suffer without ever laying a hand on her."

"Is that right?" I ask, crossing my arms over my chest. "Do tell."

"Lance has a certain dead brother's body on deep freeze. Even if she were allowed to live, she'd spend her life in prison, mourning not one brother but two. She'll never be free unless he allows her to be free. Stupid bitch didn't know who she was fuc-"

I interrupt with a scoff. "Aw hell! You think she's worried about that? I know the whole story. She won't go down for that. And believe me, I would know. Cop, remember? If anybody knows the law, it's me. In fact, if she'd told me sooner, I could've helped her get away long before now. She just had to trust me." I turn my eyes to Tommi at the last, meeting her heartbroken eyes with the strength and steadiness of my own. She looks away. But not before I see the betrayal, the hurt, the distrust she's still holding. Ties my stomach into a damn knot.

This isn't how it was supposed to go.

"Oh, I can pretty much guarantee she'll never trust you again, cop. For what's left of your life, that is."

Barber straightens and takes a gun out of the back of his pants. He jacks one in the chamber and levels the barrel of the Glock at me. We're down to brass tacks now. He's made up his mind. He's calling my bluff. And something's gotta give. I've got one chance to save Tommi, to save us all. It's balls out and go big or go the hell home.

I start walking toward Barber, arms outstretched, every bit of bravado I can muster playing from my fingertips. "It's go time, big man. Bring that shit on! With my last breath, I'll be laughing, thinking about you taking it up the ass in a cell next to Tonin's for the next twenty-five to life."

His lips thin and the only sign I see of his indecision is in the faint tremor of his hand. But it's enough. I've got him worried. And that's all the opening I need.

I move no faster, just keep pushing my cockiness to keep him off kilter. "What's it gonna be? Don't have all day," I say.

Barber stiffens his arm, like he's trying to find the resolution to just do this and trust in his instincts rather than letting my words get in his head. I take the half-second opening while he wavers and I make my move.

Ducking, I throw my body at Barber's middle. I hear the weapon discharge and I reach up blindly for his gun hand, grabbing it and jerking toward the ground as hard as I can. I feel the cool metal of the grip against the outside of my last finger just as we topple over the table and go skittering across the slick concrete floor.

Moving as quickly as I can, I throw all my weight onto Barber's chest, pinning one arm with my knee while I twist his hand to at least aim the gun at the other side of the building, away from any human targets. The instant he's subdued, I blast my elbow into his face. Almost as an extension of the motion that brings me back around, I yank the gun from my waistband and turn to level it at Chaps, who's still scrambling to get his own pistol out and aimed. He hasn't quite made the arc all the way to Tommi when I pull back on the hammer of my revolver. The muted click echoes through the room like the warning shot of a cannon. He stops dead.

"Don't do it, Chaps. I'll drop you where you stand."

His eyes are wide and a fine sheen of sweat is dotting his brow. I see the indecisiveness on his face. I meet it with the sheer gravity of my words. "Don't believe me? Try it. Try it, you son of a bitch. I will kill you if you point that thing at Tommi. I will end your life if you so much as whisper a threat against her. You don't deserve to live and I'd thank holy God for the chance to send your ass straight to hell."

One heartbeat. Two. Before the third thump vibrates in my chest, indecision becomes hesitation, and hesitation becomes fear. I see it flood the dull gray of his glare. If he had more time to think, he might choose differently, but I'm taking that away from him, forcing his hand. He's backing down.

I'm sure that on some level he knows there's still a chance for him. Lance Tonin is who we're after. He's the big fish. If Chaps talks, he could make a deal. And I'd say he'll do just that. As long as we can keep Tonin from getting to him before then. It's hard to hide from a man like Lance Tonin, especially in a brick building full of criminals with nowhere to go.

"Be smart, man," I add, tipping the scales even though I know he be shooting anyone now.

Chaps lets the gun drop upside down and swing around on his trigger finger, pointing harmlessly at the wall. Carefully and quietly, I let out the breath I'd been holding.

I nod at him and he pales, like what he's done is just now sinking in. He gave up his only real advantage. The only leverage either of them had on me was Tommi and Travis. Now I'm in control.

"Throw the gun to me. Get on the ground, face down, hands behind your head." Resigned, the teacher does as I say. I feel Barber start to squirm again beneath me, no doubt waking from the elbow to the face he got less than a minute ago. With my knee, I kick him in the ribs. Then, as his body folds in on itself, I meet his face with my elbow again. Blood spurts from his wrecked nose and his head lolls to one side.

"Tommi," I say as I roll Barber onto his belly. "Get the gun. Travis, find me something to tie these two up with."

Before any of this takes place, though, I hear a sudden bang, like a door being thrown open. It's followed by the loud order to, "Drop it!"

I don't even have to turn around to know it's the cavalry. There's not a criminal in history that can effectively master that command like an officer of the law.

"Don't shoot. I'm a cop." I raise my hands, letting my gun fall around my trigger finger like Chaps did. Slowly, I stand and turn around. Poised just inside the door are two cops, dressed in gear that tells me they were ready to storm this place the minute I texted it in. Black from head to toe, Kevlar vest, face protection, assault rifles at the ready-they're prepared for war. Behind them, I see four more filing in. There are probably more outside, posted in different positions surrounding this place. "Damn it's good to see you boys!"

"On your knees!"

I do as I'm told. I know they have to subdue us all until they can confirm who I am. I smile as one of the men quick-steps toward me to kick my gun away. I'm in the home stretch.

It's not until they haul me up by my cuffed hands that I look around and am reminded of the emptiness of the room again. My satisfaction is somewhat muted.

Shit! I just hope all this wasn't for nothing.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE- TOMMI

I've had so many nightmarish days in my life. There have been days of death and violence, blood and crime, loss and grief, but somehow I've weathered it all. Never have I felt like dying would be a blessed relief.

Until today.

Today, I experienced more freedom and more betrayal than I've ever known. Today, I experienced the love I've always craved and the heartache I've always dreaded. Today, I experienced truth and lies, sacrifice and selfishness, bliss and desperation, and it's tearing me apart.

I had Sig. His love, his trust, his understanding, and for a few minutes, I had hope. Real hope. But then, with just a few sentences, it was ripped cruelly from my grasp, from my heart. Now I'm left with the tattered remains of a life that I hated and a future that's questionable at best. And pain. A lot of pain.

As I sit at the police station, locked in an interrogation room, wondering what's happening with my brother, I fight back tears. I don't often allow myself the luxury of tears, or of feeling sorry for myself, but right now I don't think I can fight either one. All that I've done to keep my brother with me, all that I've done to pave the way for a better life for us, was a waste. It was all for nothing. Here we are, separated, staring down the barrel of disaster, just like I've worked so hard to avoid. All because I trusted. I trusted someone I shouldn't and it bit me in the butt. Just like I knew it would.

Thinking of Sig, of his betrayal steals my breath. The ache in my chest is so poignant, I lean forward in my chair, resting my forehead on the edge of the cool, metal table, praying that the pain will go away. To think, I was on the verge of telling him that I love him. That would've been the cream on top of an already epic fail of a day.

But I didn't, I didn't tell him. At least I'll have my pride-or a little of it, anyway-to keep me company in the tiny cubicle of a prison cell somewhere. What a cold comfort that will be!

The door opens and I bolt upright. My heart both leaps and shatters when I see Sig slip into the room and close himself in with me. He stares at me with those deep, dark eyes, eyes that fooled me. Me, a streetwise, hardened bitch-of-a-girl. A cop got the better of me. And he did it with those eyes. And that smile.

"I hope you're satisfied," I snap bitterly, hating the quaver in my voice, resenting the lump in my throat that I have to force the words past.

Sig doesn't bother to hide how my words crush him. That or he's just pretending. He's good at that. Really good. Why he would need to pretend anything at this point, though, is beyond me. Still, there's no way I'd trust that what I see is real. No. Freakin'. Way.

"How could you even think that? This is not at all how I wanted, how I expected things to turn out. Surely you don't think I did any of this on purpose."

"Of course I do! You're a cop, for godssake. Lying to catch people like me is what you do."

"This was never about catching you. It was always about Tonin. The only way I planned for this to affect you was to free you. To free you and Travis from whatever hold he had on you."

"Well, congratulations. We're free of him all right. Free to spend our lives in misery, separated from each other. Me rotting in prison, Travis rotting in some kind of mental institution somewhere."

Sig walks to the table and slides into the chair across from me. He reaches over to lay one of his hands on top of my balled fist. His touch is oddly welcome, a realization that hits me like a face full of fire. I jerk away from him, determined not to let him trick me into feeling anything other than disdain and betrayal.

He looks stung, but says nothing. Just drags his hand back and claps it with his other on the table in front of him. "I would never let that happen. And I hate that you think I would."

"Never let that happen? How can you stop it? It's over, Sig!" I rail. "The cat's out of the bag and there's nothing either of us can do to put it back in."

I'm breathing hard, half-standing with my palms planted on the table. Sig just watches me, hurt playing over his features. "Do you really think I could do that to you? That I would just let that happen?"

My butt thumps as I fall back into my chair, deflated. "There's nothing you can do about it. You're a cop. Putting bad guys away is what you do. Besides, I'm sure this goes over your head. Lance is a big bust and he'll do whatever he has to in order to keep me quiet and make me pay. No, at this point, there's nothing anyone can do to save me." I glance down at my fingers, the edge of one nail raw from where I've picked at it. The anger, the vital emotion that's keeping me upright and functional at the moment, drains away, leaving me with nothing but sadness and hopelessness and a strange hollow feeling. "Some part of me always wondered if I could ever really get away with what I've done. I suppose after so long, I started to believe that I could. But life just doesn't work out that way. Everybody has to pay the piper. And now it's my turn."

For a few seconds, when I look up at Sig, I see him as he was. I see the man who loved me with his hands and his mouth and his body and his eyes. I see the man who cared about me. The man I've fallen in love with.

But then, like the flip of a switch, I see him as he is now. I see him as someone who let me down when I needed him most and then left me all alone.

That's when the tears start again. In earnest, sobs shaking my entire body like the tremors of an earthquake. "Promise me you'll see that they go easy on Travis," I bawl, my despair only worsening when I think of what's to become of my brother. "He has only ever done what I've asked him to do. He can't be held responsible for any of this. They all took advantage of him. We all took advantage of him. I knew he'd go along with my plan. I knew he'd do whatever I asked of him, as long as it would keep us safe and together. He'd have done anything not to go back to juvie. Not after what those boys did to him."

I wail so hysterically that I start to gag, so I push away from the table and lay my chest flat against my thighs. Oh God, how could things have gone so wrong? How can we be here? Here, where nothing is within my control anymore? Here, where Travis is at the mercy of people who don't understand him? Here where he stands only to get hurt? How?

"Please, please, please, Sig," I plead, tears dripping off my nose in a steady stream that splatters onto the concrete squares of the floor. "Please look out for him. If you ever cared about me at all, please loo-"

My words are cut off when strong hands wrap around my upper arms and jerk me to my feet. I'm nose to nose with an angry, blurry Sig, my toes barely touching the ground.

"I won't let anything happen to either of you! Don't you dare give up! This isn't over. I promised that you could trust me, and you can. You might not believe me, but it's true."

I blink away the tears, the fingers of hysteria slowly loosening their grip, and I focus on the handsome, determined face of my betrayer. I laugh, a bitter, arid sound that comes from a soul as dry as desert sand. "I did believe you. And look where it got me."

Sig shakes me. Not too hard, but enough to rattle my teeth. "Stop it! Just because I didn't plan it this way doesn't mean that I'll let it end here. If it's the last thing I do, I'll get you out of here and you'll be with Travis."

"Why?" I ask miserably. "Why would you risk a damn thing for us? For me?"

"Because."

"Because why?"

"Because I think I'm falling in love with you, dammit! I won't leave you in here to rot."

Don't listen, don't listen, don't listen! I caution myself, but the tiny, nearly-suffocated part of me that has always wanted so desperately to hear those words, to feel that love, clings to his claim as though it were a single drop of rain after a lifetime of draught.

"No." I close my eyes against him, against weakness, shaking my head. "No. I don't believe you."

"Then I'll make you see," he hisses. "You won't have any other choice than to believe me. Because it's true, Tommi. Everything I've said to you about us is true. I don't blame you for not believing me, but it doesn't make it any less true. That's why I'm going to prove it to you. I promise."

The last is said with such sincerity, such heart-wrenching determination that I open my eyes. In so many ways, I want to see it, to feel it, to believe it. I want for him to prove it. More than I ever thought I could want something.

"You can't be falling in love with me. Love is pretty, not ugly. And I'm ugly," I tell him brokenly, the fight drained out of me, left lying on the floor with my puddle of tears.

"You're wrong. Sometimes love is ugly. And not all things pretty are loveable. But you...you're not just pretty. You're beautiful. The most beautiful thing I've ever seen. Inside and out. You did all this for your brother. Since you were nothing more than a kid yourself, you've fought for him with whatever weapons you had. That makes you worthy of the best kind of love. The kind that's unconditional. The kind that never leaves you, no matter how hard you push back. The kind that finds a way, against all odds. You deserve that. Actually, you deserve more than that. You deserve more than I can give you, better than me. But maybe one day, after all this is over, I can be worth your love."

I sink into his eyes, into the deep, rich color, into the warmth that's like a cozy fire welcoming me in from the cold. Part of me wants to tell him that I'm already there, and that's why it hurt so much to find out he'd lied to me. But part of me, the part that has survived all this time and done things that no self-respecting girl would ever do, keeps those words to myself. They come at too high a cost. And at the moment, I'm broke.

As if sensing that he'll get no confessions from me right now, Sig presses his lips to my forehead and then crushes me against his chest. "Sit tight. I'll take care of Travis. No matter what, just remember that you're not alone. I'll fix this. I promise you, I'll fix this."

When he releases me, he turns and walks right out the door without a backward glance, closing it softly behind him. Despite his warning, I feel more alone than ever before.

CHAPTER THIRTY- SIG

There are times when things have to be done a certain way, when schmoozing has to happen and egos have to be stroked. But there are also times when etiquette needs a kick in the ass. Now is one of those times. Just as soon as I make one stop first.

I poke my head into the lounge where Travis has been keeping company with Dorothy, the staff child psychologist at the county hospital. Travis is slouched down in a seat on the couch with his hood pulled up and tugged down low over his eyes. So low, in fact, I can hardly see them at all. But I can see the pinched line of his mouth, though, and the pale face that surrounds it.

I knock on the door's frame before speaking. At the sound, Travis's head jerks up so that I can get a better look at his eyes. I can tell he's pissed, but there's relief in them, too. I mean, I may be on his shit list right now, but at least I'm a friendly face. "Can I have a minute?" I ask Dorothy.

She smiles, dimples appearing in both cheeks, making her round face look like that of an overstuffed doll. "Sure," she says kindly, winking one brown eye at me as she breezes by in a cloud of syrupy perfume. "Take your time. I'll be right down the hall."

I wait for her to leave and I close the door behind her. I stuff my hands in my front pockets, a non-threatening gesture, and I walk slowly to the chair Dorothy vacated, sitting across from Travis. I let the quiet settle around us before I speak.

"How you holding up, lil man?"

He shrugs one shoulder.

"Need anything?"

For at least two minutes, Travis says nothing, just stares a hole through me. I'm pretty sure that if hate had hands, he'd be strangling me with it right this minute. I let him do it. He probably needs to let it out.

"Yeah, I need something. My sister. Bring her to me and let us go home."

Of course he'd say that.

I sigh. "You know I can't do that."

"You can. You just won't. There's a difference." I can't help smiling. I had this conversation with his sister not so long ago.

"You're right. There is. And in this case, I can't and I won't. I'm a cop, Travis. I have to let this play out the right way." He stands up and storms to the other end of the room. He stands facing the wall, kicking the rubber molding with the toe of his shoe.

"There's always something more important than us," he mutters angrily.

"I didn't say it was more important. I'm letting this play out for two reasons. Number one, I know that your sister did what she had to do and I know that I can make the DA see that. She was just a kid and both your lives were in danger. And number two, getting this wrapped up through the proper channels is the only way you two will ever be able to lead a normal, happy life."

"She had a plan," he pouts.

"Both of you may think that her plan of moving to another country where our laws can't find you is the answer, but it's not. You'd never be able to come back here. You'd always be looking over your shoulder for Lance or a cop. You'd be on the run for the rest of your lives." I soften my voice. "That's no way to live, Travis. But listen, I swear on my life that I'm doing this for both of you. I'm doing what's best for you, not what's best for me." I feel a stab of emotion cut through my gut. "Do you think it was easy for me to see them haul your sister away in handcuffs? For me to go see her in an interrogation room? Do you think it's easy for me to picture her in a cold, empty cell, all alone?" The words, the images make my chest so tight that I have to stand up in order that my diaphragm can work and get me some air. I run my hands through my hair. "God, I'd give anything for things to be different. But they aren't. So I'm doing the best thing I know to do for you and Tommi."

"Tia," he corrects glumly.

"Tia." I walk to Travis, gently laying my hand on his shoulder to turn him toward me. "Look, bud, I know you're mad. I know you're scared. You're probably even a little hurt. And I get that. I get all that. You should be. You wouldn't be human if you weren't. But I'm gonna ask you to do something that's gonna feel even worse. Something you don't want to do and probably think you shouldn't do. I'm asking you to trust me." Travis is standing in front of me with his head bowed, chewing on his lip like his sister does sometimes. I peel off his hood and bend until I can see into his eyes. "I care about you both. If I didn't, I wouldn't be here, fighting for you. I'd just let the chips fall where they may. But I didn't. I'm not. Because I'm on your side. I swear it." His emerald green eyes, also so much like his sister's, bore into mine. I let him look, let him think. Finally, he nods. Just once. Almost imperceptibly. And probably because he doesn't have much choice. At the moment, I'm all he's got.

That thought hits me right in the heart. What will happen to this kid if I can't make the DA see things my way? He'll have lost everything. His parents, his siblings, his childhood. His innocence.

The thought has the same effect as subjecting iron to fire. It steels me, hardens my determination to a level that is absolutely impenetrable.

"Listen, Dorothy is gonna need to talk to you here shortly with a detective present. That has to happen before they can let you see Tommi. I have an errand to run. It's important. But when I'm done, I'll come back, take you to see Tommi and then I'll take you home, okay? We'll get your mom taken care of and then maybe do some gaming. Sound like a plan? I think blowing shit up on TV might do both of us some good tonight."

I see one corner of his mouth curve a little. I take that as a good sign and decide that it's better not to push my luck any more at the moment. I go back out and get Dorothy.

"He's all yours. I'll be back in an hour or so to take him to see his sister and then get him back home."

She nods. "I think we can manage to have him ready for you by then."

As I'm walking out of the building, the first person I call is my dad.

********

Less than an hour later, I'm walking up the curved front porch steps to Bill Lemmon's house. He's the DA. He's worked with my father for years and I've met him several times. I would never have called Dad and asked him for a favor if this weren't so important. But here I am, on a Sunday night, paying a visit to maybe the only other person who needs to believe Tommi as much as I do.

He meets me at the door, opening it before I can even raise my hand toward the bell. "Nice to see you again, Mr. Locke," he says stiffly, offering his hand before stepping aside to let me enter.

"Thanks for agreeing to talk to me. I know it's late, but..."

He pins me with his shrewd blue eyes and nods, saying nothing before he turns and leads me to his study. It's done in browns and reds, much like his office downtown, if I remember correctly. That strikes me as a little odd, but whatever. If that's what gets him off...

He takes a seat behind the wide desk and I ease down into one of the chairs in front of it. Even though we're in this guy's home, it's all business. Yeah, it definitely has the feel like we're downtown.

"So, what can I do for you?"

"You got the file?"

"Yes. I've been looking at the reports. Talked to your captain, too."

"Then you know the basics. I'm here to talk to you about her options," I begin, leaning forward to rest my elbows on my knees. "She was thirteen years old when her older brother attacked her younger brother and their mother. He was jacked up on bath salts. Knocked the younger kid around a little. Beat the shit out of the mother. She never has recovered completely. The girl, Tia, she swung the bat once to get him to stop hitting the mother. Killed him with one strike. No intent to kill. She was afraid for her life, and that of her family. It was just her and her brother after that. She took care of him and the mother. Both of them...challenged. The youngest, he has Asperger's. Needs some special care. Good kid, though. High functioning. But I can see where she'd feel the need to look out for him. He needs security, routine, which I learned in my research is pretty typical. Then, to make matters worse, Lance Tonin got a hold of her. Shit went downhill after that. Kid started muling for him, afraid to say no, afraid of what would happen to his sister. The whole thing's messed up as hell. But, what I'm getting at...in a nutshell...is that at the time of commission, these crimes are all juvenile offenses."

I stop there, letting those words sink in. They're the lynchpin of my whole case. And what I hope will be his whole case.

"So what are you asking?"

"I know in certain cases, Georgia law allows for involuntary manslaughter to be charged as a misdemeanor. This girl, Tia, she has gotten her GED, completed college courses, all so that she can provide for her and her brother by legal means. Legitimately. She was just waiting for him to turn eighteen so that the state couldn't take him out of the home and stick him in the foster system or institutionalize him. Neither of them has been dinged for a damn thing in years. All juvenile offenses are measured against the likelihood of rehabilitation. They can be rehabilitated. Hell, they have been rehabilitated. They could have a good life if all this could be put behind them so they could have a fresh start. But you know as well as I do that Tia won't get more than a shit job if she gets charged with a felony. Her life will be pretty much over."

Lemmon leans back in his chair, steepling his fingers and looking at me over the tops. "Misdemeanor, huh?"

"Yes, sir. She was thirteen at the time. The unintentional death of her brother after what he'd done to their mother left her completely alone with a younger brother to raise. Since the commission of the crime, she's made mostly good choices."

"You're considering Lance Tonin a good choice?"

"She didn't have a choice there, sir. A guy like took advantage of a child. Has been ever since. Had her scared. Blackmailing her to keep her quiet, to keep her in line. But being afraid isn't a crime. She's committed no crimes for him, she's covered up no crimes for him. She has simply played the obedient boy toy. Because she felt like she had no other choice."

He nods, eyes narrowing on me. "And the boy? Travis, you said?"

I nod. "Courier. Never really knew what the hell he was doing. Just let his teacher, a trusted, adult role model, use him. Scare him into doing something that was supposedly for the good of his sister. If anything, though, I think his record should be scrubbed just because of the value of his testimony. If he turns on Chaps, the teacher, the teacher will turn on Tonin just to save his own ass. His testimony could be what puts Lance Tonin behind bars for a very long time. But it starts with the kid. We need him."

"So, basically, they both get off with a slap on the wrist rather than multiple felony charges."

My stomach sinks like a stone. The fact that he views it in such a way can't be good. "No, sir. They haven't gotten off. They've paid a hefty price. Several times over. They've been forced to live in a prison for years now. Neither of them has been free since their older brother died eight years ago. And, to be honest, I think they've suffered enough. They've been punished. Probably even past the extent of the law, just in a different way. Life took care of that. But they've learned from it. Have no desire to be criminals. They are both ready to let the past go and move on to better lives."

"And how are you so sure of this?"

I know what he's getting at. "I've spent months with them. They didn't know me as a cop. Had no reason to show me anything other than what's real, what's true. I'm so convinced of this, I'd be willing to bet my career on it."

"Is that so?" he asks, raising one brow.

"I'll testify as character witnesses for both of them if you think it would help. Which brings me to another request."

He laughs, but it's not a joyful sound. "There's more? Do tell."

"I'd like to take care of the kid until something is decided about his sister. He needs to be in familiar surroundings. And he knows me. I think it's what's best for him."

"So you want me to enter a guilty plea of misdemeanor charges for both the kid and the sister. What if I can't convince a judge to go for it?"

"I'll cross that bridge when I come to it." I swallow. Hard. "Does that mean you'll try?"

He says nothing for the longest time, during which I picture myself leaping across the desk and choking the life out of him then running away with Tommi and Travis.

"Let me talk to the girl. And the boy. I'll see what I can do, but I'm not making any promises."

"Fine. Just let me know when."

"It's not necessary for you to be there."

"No, but I'll-"

"In fact, I'd prefer that you're not."

I clench my jaw. I want to argue, but I know better. It will only hurt my case for Tommi and Travis. "Okay. If that's what you need."

He nods. "Now, if you're done making requests..." He puts his hands flat on his desk as if to rise.

I stand. "Of course. No, that's it. I appreciate you seeing me."

"You can thank your father for that."

"Oh, he'll get what he's owed. Don't you worry about that."

For the first time, I see a genuine smile appear on Lemmon's face. "I imagine that's true."

I stick out my hand. Lemmon takes it.

"I can see myself out. Thanks again."

And with that, I turn and walk back the way I came, feeling a little more hopeful than when I got here.

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE - TOMMI

It's been over two hours since Sig left. I'm freezing, my butt is numb, I haven't eaten since breakfast and I've been questioned so much my brain actually hurts. I've asked half a dozen times when I can see my brother. All I ever get is Soon.

When the handle rattles and the door pushes open again, I glance up warily, afraid to hope for someone other than another inquisitor. My throat constricts and my eyes sting when I see Sig fill the doorway, only to step back and allow my brother to come inside.

I get up and rush to him. He just stands there and lets me hug him, like a lump. But it's the way he leans into me that tells me he's as glad to see me as I am to see him.

I wait until I'm sure I can control my voice and my expression before I pull away enough to look into his face. "How ya holding up?"

He shrugs, casting his eyes down. "I'm okay."

"Have you eaten?"

"Some lady brought me some snacks."

I glance up at Sig. He's watching us with a sad smile. "I'm going to take him home. I'll make sure he eats. And that your mom eats."

Sweet Mary, I forgot all about my own mother. I'm so distraught, so distressed, I forgot her.

But Sig didn't.

The constriction in my throat gets tighter.

Oh God, don't make me love you!

I bite my lip at the thought, willing my chin to stop trembling, but I know it's too late. To stop the trembling and to stop loving Sig. I think I've loved him for a while now. No matter how much I fought it, I think it was inevitable.

I give him a smile that is shaky at best. "Thank you."

His answering gesture is a lopsided grin, the one that turns my stomach inside out. "No problem. My sister's coming over to help."

A little thread of alarm weaves its way down my spine. "Uhhh, I'm not sure that's a good idea. Travis-"

"Will love her. Trust me. And I think he's looking forward to it. I told him most guys think she's hot, but that I'd kick his ass if he flirted with her. He's a daring soul."

I hear a muffled snort come from Travis. "Asshole."

It's a derogatory term, of course, but from my brother, the way he says it, it sounds more like a friendly nickname.

"Just in case your mother needs something that I can't...that I shouldn't...well, you know."

I didn't even think of that. God help me, my mind is just...elsewhere. "Thank you for thinking of her. I...I don't know what I would've done. I hadn't even thought..."

My voice breaks. Life seems to be determined to reiterate what a terrible person I am.

Sig takes a step closer, looming behind Travis like a giant shadow. "Stop it. Don't even go there."

He stares hard at me.

I jack up my chin and ignore the burn of tears behind my eyes. "Thank you. That's all I meant to say."

His fierce expression softens. "You're welcome. I told you not to worry. I'll take care of everything. I promise."

I look down at Travis to find that he has finally raised his eyes to mine. His lips crook to one side. A smile. He nods once, as if to say that he's fine, that he'll be all right. That we both will. And something in my heart sags in relief. As long as he's okay, I can get through this.

Before anything else can be said, a woman shows up behind Sig. "Taking her down to process her," the tiny black lady says in a clipped, no-nonsense way, nodding at me.

She stands back until Sig and Travis recede into the hall and then she takes me by the arm and guides me past them. I do the unwise, unthinkable thing and I look back, back to where my brother is standing with the man I love, back to where my brother is standing with the man who betrayed me. They will be going home together tonight, home to familiar comfort and freedom. I will be going to a cell.

My heart breaks a little bit more.

CHAPTER THIRTY- TWO- SIG

Travis and I are eating fried chicken at the tiny kitchen table when I hear a knock at the door. I glance at Travis before I get up and go answer it. He shrinks down into his chair and looks excitedly at me. I just shake my head. Teenaged boys and their fascination with older women.

I open the door to find my sister, back to her trim self, standing on the stoop. She gives me a broad smile.

"What the hell's so funny?"

"Dad told me everything. You thought I wouldn't laugh? Do you know me?"

"Evidently not," I mutter as she passes me. I close the door and show her into the kitchen. "Sloane, this is Travis. Travis, this is my baby sister, Sloane."

For a minute, I'm afraid Travis might swallow his tongue. He's trying to hide his face by tucking his chin, but he's also trying to ogle my sister. It makes for an interesting and extremely uncomfortable few seconds.

"Nice to meet you, Travis. How'd you get stuck with Barney here?" she asks, nodding at me.

Travis grins. "Shitty luck, I guess."

"I'd say. Did he tell you I have a baby?"

"No."

"Well, I do. I change her and feed her, clean her up. All the things I'll do for your mom, if that's okay. I mean, after living with Sig for most of my life, taking care of a baby... or anybody else for that matter, is easy as pie."

I reach underneath the thick fall of my sister's dark hair and pinch her ear, hard enough to make her yelp. "What was that you said? I couldn't quite hear you."

"See what I mean?" she quips.

Travis is still grinning. I feel like I've worked a miracle.

"You want to take her and introduce her to your mom, Travis? I don't want the poor woman to think the crypt keeper has come to take her away."

Sloane punches me on the arm. "Hey, watch your mouth! You're older than I am."

"I know, you just look worse."

Sloane's mouth falls open and she looks to Travis. "Are you just gonna let him talk to me like that?"

Travis shrugs. I think he's a little uncertain of how to take our banter. "I don't know. Want me to kick his ass?"

"I'd love to see that, actually, but maybe just in Grand Theft Auto for now."

"Done."

"That's fine. Gang up on Sig. It'll just make it sweeter when I win. Which I will."

"Dream on," Travis says, getting more into the spirit of things.

"We'll see, lil man. We'll see." I glance back down at Travis's plate. "Finish eating. I'll help Sloane get the food ready."

Travis sits down to pick at his chicken, all the while watching Sloane from the corner of his eye. She follows me to the counter where the bag of food rests.

"I got a chicken pot pie. I figured that shit's nearly mush anyway. Might be easy to feed her."

Sloane takes it out of the bag and pokes through the crust with a fork, checking the consistency of the goop inside. "Yeah, this will be good. Nutritious, too. Chicken, vegetables, some carbs."

"And she keeps protein drinks in the fridge." I get her one, along with a bottle of water.

Sloane nods. "Okay, show me toward the bathroom." I do and she gathers a towel and washcloth, along with a basin full of hygiene stuff that looks like the one I've seen Tommi carry in there before.

Before we can get out, Travis appears in the doorway. "I'm done."

Sloane smiles at him. The kid's cheeks flush and I roll my eyes. God help me, Sloane will gloat for a year. "Then let's go meet Mom."

The rest of the evening goes surprisingly well. Sloane takes care of Tommi's mom with no problems. Travis seems as relaxed as he's likely to get, all things considered. But I'm okay with that. I know it would make Tommi happy. And what makes Tommi happy makes me happy. As much as I wanted to avoid getting into a place like this-my happiness tied up in someone else's-here I am. Truthfully, it's not as bad as I expected it to be.

Sloane sticks around much longer than I expected. She washes and dries a load of laundry, cleans up the kitchen and makes Travis a lunch for tomorrow.

"You mean I gotta go to school tomorrow?"

"Yeah. We don't need to push anything right now. You get that, right? You see why you need to be a model citizen and student?"

I can tell he doesn't like it, but he doesn't argue. "Why don't you brush your teeth and stuff while I walk Sloane out?"

He grunts something and pushes past me, obviously displeased. But at least he's not fighting me at every turn.

I help Sloane with the last of the dishes and then go back to check on Travis. He's lying, fully clothed, diagonal across his bed, crashed.

I pull the door up so that we don't wake him and I walk Sloane out.

She stops on the stoop. "So, this girl..."

I turn to face my sister. "What about her?"

"You love her." She's not grinning or teasing me. She's not gloating or goading me. She's genuine and serious. And maybe even a little worried.

"So what if I do?"

She nods, holding her tongue for a few seconds. "I just...I wish that..."

When her pause doesn't end, I prompt her. "What the hell, woman? Spit it out."

"I know how you are, Sig. I know you've never really wanted to love somebody, not in the permanent kind of way."

"I love you idiots that I'm related to," I say jokingly.

"That's not what I mean and you know it. It's just that... God, I just hate that when you finally found someone to give your heart to, she turns out to be a felon. One that comes with enough baggage to-"

"Stop right there," I interrupt, my temper flaring. "She's not a felon. And she has less baggage than I do. A sick mother and a brother. That's all, but it's enough to break most people." I take a deep breath to calm down. "Look, you don't even know her and I'd appreciate you keeping comments like this to yourself until you at least meet her. She's not who you think she is."

Her eyebrows are raised, her eyes wide, and she's backtracking. "Okay, okay. I didn't mean to upset you. I just thought..."

"Well don't. Don't think. You don't know half of what's going on. Dad only knows what I told him."

This time she does smile. "Maybe Dad knows more than what you think."

"Like what?"

"He thinks you love her."

"So what if I do?"

"Nothing. Not...well, not really. We all want that for you."

"Thanks, but I don't need your permission."

"I know you don't. Look, don't get all defensive. I'm just worried about you."

"Well, don't be. I know what I'm doing."

"Sig, you've never wanted...this. This kind of relationship. Love. And I'm just concerned that now that you're jumping in..."

"I'm not jumping in."

"Okay, okay. I just...Just forget it." She raises her hands in surrender.

Now I feel bad. I sigh and run a hand through my hair. "I appreciate the concern, but I know what I'm doing. Just trust me."

"I do trust you, Sig. I just worry about what will happen if this doesn't work out like you think. You never wanted to fall in love, to risk losing someone like we lost Mom. And now that you're taking the chance, it's on a woman who..."

"It'll all work out. One way or the other. I promised her I'd fix this and I have every intention of keeping that promise."

After a few seconds of mulling over my words, Sloane narrows her eyes on me. "You-you aren't considering doing something stupid, are you?"

"Like what?"

She leans in closer, like if looks hard enough she might be able to find an answer. "Like something stupid."

"I don't know what you're talking about. I've talked to the DA. It'll all work out."

"And if it doesn't?"

"It will."

"But if it doesn't?" Her voice is getting louder, more frantic. "Sig, promise me that you won't do something crazy like throw your life away for this girl."

"I'm not going to-"

"Sig, promise me."

I stare down into my sister's knowing eyes, so much wiser than what I ever gave her credit for. Maybe living with a tattoo artist has given her a lot of life experience in a short amount of time.

"I can't promise you anything," I confess evenly.

Sloane gasps. She knows what this means for someone like me. For someone like the people in our family, who bleed blue and never bend when it comes to the law. "You'd do that? For her?"

She's asking if I'd give up my career for Tommi. If I'd give up my family for her. If I'd give up my life, all that I've worked for and all that I know for her.

And the answer is yes. Because my entire existence would be shit without her.

I cross my arms over my chest. "I'd do anything for her. I just hope I won't have to."

Mouth hanging open, Sloane stares at me for a couple of minutes before she says anything else. And even then, she's brief. "I hope she's worth it."

"She is. She already is."

My sister leans in, rising up on her toes to kiss my cheek. "I love you, big brother."

"I love you, too, little troublemaker."

Her smile is hardly visible as she turns and walks off down the driveway.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE - TOMMI

I haven't slept a wink all night long. I've cried until I ache from my stomach all the way up to the top of my head, yet I'm not tired. Not really. I'm exhausted, but I'm not tired. My mind won't shut off long enough to let me get tired.

I've been curled up in a ball on my cot most of the night. I tried to sleep, even pretended to be asleep for a while. It was the middle of the night-I don't know what time exactly-when I heard muffled footsteps coming down the hall of the jail. I didn't move. I just waited. It was dark in my cell, but fairly bright outside it. Through the slits of my eyes, I saw an enormous shadow fall over me. I didn't need to see the details of his face or his body to know that it was Sig. I could smell him, sense him, feel him. I don't know why I feigned sleep. But I did.

He stood watching me for a long time. Maybe close to fifteen minutes. At one point, I saw him shift and lean his forehead against the bars. I heard him sigh so deeply, I think I felt his breath fall across my cheek. But he didn't say anything. Didn't make another sound, in fact. Neither did I. What do you say to the man you love when he's the man who put you in jail?

Well, last night I said nothing.

I wanted to ask about Travis, but I couldn't bare it. Of course, I wanted him to be okay, but in a way, I hated the thought of him being just fine without me. All of a sudden, in the lonely concrete square of my life, it felt as though I wasn't needed. Anywhere. By anybody. That even though I'd lived a lie and killed to protect him, Travis would just move on and be fine without me. That's what I should want. It's what I do want. It's just hard to see that right now. When I'm locked up and everyone else is free.

After that, the harsh light of day seemed to bring nothing good. I was left alone with nothing but doubts and regrets and fears, crowding in on me. Eating away at me. Slow, like a cancer that was gnawing ruthlessly at my soul.

Sometime around lunch, I suppose, the DA came to see me. He told me that Tonin produced my brother's frozen body and that the medical examiner will be conducting an autopsy immediately. He asked me what would be found. I told him.

He asked me other questions, let me tell my side of things. It was all very clinical and unemotional. I'm not sure that worked in my favor, but I just felt so cold and so...numb. Like I'd cried so much, I was empty inside.

After he left, I was taken back to my cell. To wait, I guess. To be tortured by minutes that tick by like years and a bleakness that threatened to drag me under.

Now, it's afternoon. Despite the sun slanting through the window at the end of the hall, the world is getting darker and darker. I feel myself sinking into oblivion and the desire to resist it lessens with every passing minute.

Some time later-minutes or hours, I don't know-Sig comes. I don't get up. I can't. My legs, my arms, my head, they're so heavy. So, so heavy.

He waits for me to move. When I don't, he leaves for a few seconds and then comes back to an electronic click and the opening of my cell door.

He walks slowly into my little cubicle of hell. He says nothing. I say nothing. He watches me for a few seconds and then gently picks up my feet, sits on the end of my tiny bed, and sets them softly in his lap. Immediately, I feel his warmth seeping through my jumpsuit like he's the only source of heat in a thousand miles. It almost scalds the skin of my calves. He doesn't touch me for the longest time, like he's afraid to. But then, as he relaxes against the cold concrete block of my cell, I feel his hand fall on my leg and he begins to trace imaginary shapes on my ankle.

That night, he comes back again. I pretend to sleep. He watches me without a word. Like a carbon copy of the night before.

The next day, the DA returns early. He shows me all kinds of papers and reads me all kinds of laws.

Basically, what the M.E. found corroborates my story. My brother was killed with one blow to the back of his head. He died instantly. Strangely, that gives me great comfort. I close my eyes. Squeeze them tight, fighting off another bout of tears. It surprises me to feel the burn and prickle of them. They seem to be the only thing sharp enough to penetrate my fog of late. But it doesn't last long. Afterward, I'm merely apathetic as the DA talks to me about a confession and what it would mean, about the deal he would recommend to the judge and the implications of it. And his hope, not his promise, that it will go as planned.

All in all, despite the fancy terms that make it sound as though I'll be a free woman if this works out, he still treats me like a common criminal, right down to the way his lips curl up in disgust when he looks at me.

I can't blame him, though. When it boils down to it, I am a criminal. No judge will be able to wash that away, no matter what they decide to do with me. It's the way the world will see me. The way Travis will see me. And Sig. The way I'll see myself. I'll always be a murderer. A girl who sold her soul to the devil. A woman who's more a liability to the people around her than a help. Somehow bringing it all out into the light like this makes it seem more real. Uglier. Less escapable. I'll never be able to leave the past behind. Because I'm the past. I'm the black stain on our lives now.

It occurs to me, on more than one occasion, that it might be better if they'd just put me to death. There are two people I love who would be so much better off without me. I bring nothing good to their lives. Because I am nothing good.

They'll be fine. Great, even. Sig will make sure Travis is taken care of. I know in my heart that he will. They'll put Momma in a facility where she can be better cared for, by someone smarter than me. And without that to worry about, the two things that I've worried about for half of my life, there's nothing keeping me here. I will only bring hurt and embarrassment and shame to those I love if I stay.

I wrap my arms around my waist, drawing my legs up and turning my face into the musty County pillow. The hollow ache, the soul-deep pain-I don't know how much longer I can suffer through it. I only want to be put out of my misery. And if the State of Georgia won't do it, I wonder if I will have the courage to?

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR - SIG

Eight days. That's how long it takes the law to realize and accept the things that I've known all along-Tommi isn't a felon. She's a woman who grew from a girl who reacted in fear to a dangerous situation. Simple as that.

The judge agreed to the misdemeanor charges on both counts. He gave her community service for forging her mother's checks, mainly because her mother is still alive and the recipient of the care afforded by the checks. If she had been dead, he might not have gone so easy on her. As for the murder, with all the facts that they were able to obtain, including the medical examiner's report and Travis's sworn statement about what he witnessed the night of his brother's death, the case was open and closed.

Travis's situation will take a little more time, but I'm not worried. He's in better shape, legally, than Tommi was. He has agreed to testify against Chaps, which gained him a lot of leniency. And that fact that he's no flight risk, which I personally guaranteed, means he gets to remain free.

All in all, everything worked out as I had hoped and planned. Tommi is free to pursue her life as Tia Lawrence with only a couple of misdemeanors attached to her sealed juvenile record, nothing that would ever prevent her from becoming gainfully employed. Travis will continue on in school. Everyone should live happily ever after.

Only it doesn't feel like that. It feels like there's a dark cloud and I can't quite put my finger on it.

Travis and I arrived here at the jail fifteen minutes ago to get Tommi. We brought her clean street clothes to wear home rather than the ones she was booked in. If I had to guess, I'd say she'll burn those as soon as she can. I probably would.

Tommi took the clothes with a vacant smile and when she was changed, the officer brought her down to collect her belongings and sign out. A free woman. But a changed one, it seems.

In the truck, I ask her, "Wanna get something to eat?"

"Let's get pizza. We haven't had it in a while," Travis says, smiling at me in the rearview mirror.

I laugh. "Yeah, it's not like we've had it twice for dinner and once for lunch in the last eight days."

I glance over at Tommi. She's staring out the windshield, a sad curve to her lips and a haunted look in her eyes. "Maybe we could get it to go. That way, you two could drop me at the house and then go get it to bring home. I'm a little tired and I could use a few minutes alone, if you don't mind."

I want to argue. I want to ask her what's wrong. I want to make her smile and appreciate the second chance she's been given. But I do none of those things. I guess she just needs time and space. It's hard to tell what this whole traumatic experience has done to her.

"Sure. We can do that." I peer into the rearview. "Right, Travis?"

He nods and flops back against the seat.

At her house, I walk Tommi to the door. She seems frail and unsteady. "Are you sure you'll be okay here by yourself?"

She tries to give me a reassuring smile, but fails miserably. "I'm sure. I just need some time. Alone."

I nod. I get it.

I get it, but I don't like it. "Okay. Well, we won't be long. And then be prepared to celebrate. Italian style."

She nods again. Smiles slightly again. She's like some strange reflection of the person I kissed just a little more than a week ago-not quite real, ready to shatter if I touch her.

I push the front door open. Before she crosses the threshold, I gently take her upper arm, stopping her. She looks up at me with those big, glistening green eyes. They're so sad and empty they hurt me all the way to my soul.

I bend toward her slowly, so as not to startle her, and I press my lips to her cheek right near her mouth. Her skin is cool and clammy. "I'll be right back."

Again, she nods and pulls away from me, closing the door behind her before I can even make it off the step.

I try not to let Travis see my worry, but I can tell that he's upset by her bizarrely distant behavior, too. I guess, like me, he thought she'd be ecstatic to have come out of this relatively unscathed. Only she doesn't seem to be. In some ways, it doesn't feel like she's come out of this at all.

I call in the pizza and we pick it up, along with some breadsticks and soda. We drive straight home.

Back at the house, Travis walks on ahead while I carry everything in. I'm just setting the pizza on the kitchen table when I hear Travis's shrill, "Sig!"

I don't know why my name would alarm me so much. I don't know why I would feel like someone reached inside my chest and ripped my heart out, breaking ribs and tearing skin in the process. I don't know why I would feel like my life is hanging in the balance, or like the sun might never shine again, but I do. All from one word.

I feel the blood drain away from my face when I race around the corner and see Travis sinking to his knees in front of the open bathroom door. Bile rises in my throat and my stomach turns in on itself before I even get a look inside. Some part of me already knows what I'll find.

And that I can't bear it.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE - TOMMI

My body feels cold, which is a stark contrast to the trickling warmth coming from my wrists. It's strange, though, because I notice it in a vague, sort of detached way like I might notice the sound of a lawnmower in the distance as I hang clothes on the line.

I let my mind drift in that direction, recalling a few happy memories of Travis when he was younger, playing badminton out back with me. I did the best I could for him. The very best I could.

Then, as if by magic, I hear him. It's Travis. His voice is unmistakable. Only it sounds different. Panicked.

Reality comes rushing back, albeit a bit fuzzily, as I think about what I've done. I feel my first pang of regret. So lost in my own misery was I that, for once, I didn't think of how Travis might feel about losing me, only that he'd be better off without me. But will he? Will he be better off with no family at all, versus one that's as broken as I am? Will he be better off with one more nightmare to add to the long list of terrors he has to try and outrun, outlive?

I gasp, pulling air into my lungs. That's when I catch the scent of something breathtakingly familiar.

Sig.

He always smells like soap and leather. I don't know why. I've never seen him in leather, but it's what I think of when I inhale him.

More sadness, more regret course through me, pouring out through the slices in my skin in rivers of red.

I feel big hands slide tenderly under my knees and back, lifting me out of the tub and cradling me against a hard chest. I sigh in relief, unable to think of a single place I'd rather be until I am simply...no more. Dead. Gone.

Sig's deep, muffled voice gives Travis short, snappy instructions. Get me some towels. Do you know where your bandages are? Get me whatever you can find. Call 911.

I hear him muttering, his voice shaking when everything else is so rock-steady, even the accelerated beat of his heart beneath my ear.

"Please don't leave me, Tommi. Please don't go."

As cold as I am, I warm at his words, wishing that I could've told him how I felt before I did what I did. But then he'd have known. He'd have known and he'd have stopped me.

There's movement. Pressure at my wrists. Jostling. Hands grabbing, fingers holding. More pressure. A light touch to my neck. Faint throbbing at my pulse point.

"Travis, would you mind to watch for the ambulance?" Sig asks.

I hear no response, but after a few seconds, I sense the absence of my brother.

And then I'm being crushed in arms that feel like steel. Sig's face is buried in my hair, his huffing breath moist against my skin. "Please don't go, Tommi. Please. I never wanted to love you like this, but I do. But you weren't supposed to leave me. You weren't supposed to take everything I am, everything good in my life, and leave me with nothing. I did everything I could for you, so you could be free and happy and we could be together. Please don't leave me like this. Oh God, please."

I recall our conversation, the one where he admitted he never wanted to love someone so much that life would be less without them. Yet he loves me. He risked his worst fear for me. For the love of me.

He's crying. It's a slight, manly shaking of his big body that makes me want to pull him against me, to comfort him and tell him that I'm not going anywhere, that I would never leave him like that. Only I know that it's probably too late to turn back now.

"I love you," he whispers, wetness coating the area under my ear. "I love you more than anything else in my life. What am I supposed to do without you? You can't leave me now, so soon. Not like this. Please, Tommi. Please, please, please. I love you. Tia, I love you."

Tia, I love you.

Tia. That's me. The real me. The girl who killed her brother by accident. The girl who forged checks and lied about who she was. The girl who bargained with her body and her soul, the only things she had left, in order to save her brother.

This man, this strong, amazing, funny, caring man loves me.

I've waited all my life, all my disaster-of-a-life to find him, to hear those words. And now I'm leaving. This glimpse, this short, heartbreaking glimpse, is all I'll ever get.

Why? Why did I do this? Why did I give up so easily? Why did I run instead of fighting? I've come this far, why didn't I finish the race?

Thoughts war. Wills battle. Something dies. And something new emerges.

As though it's a physical exchange, I feel the past and all its sadness draining out from me, leaving me along with my blood. But inside, somewhere deep inside, I feel love and hope and determination well within me, a spring overflowing in my chest, filling me with warmth and determination.

With every ounce of strength that I have, I force my lids open. The room dips and sways, but I blink back the dizzying spin and try to focus.

"Sig," I murmur, my lips dry, my tongue thick.

Stillness. Absolute stillness.

"Sig," I say again, as loudly as I can muster, pushing past this overwhelming weakness.

Slowly, as though I'm the most fragile thing in the world, Sig lowers me away from him enough to look down into my face. His eyes are wet with tears, the lashes spiky and black around the warm chocolate centers. One tear slips out and runs down his cheek. "Tommi?"

"I'm s-so sorry. I...I wish...I regret..." It's so hard to talk. I'm so tired, the temptation to shut my eyes so compelling. "I p-panicked. Felt s-so bad. So...ashamed. The guilt. So much. B-but I shouldn't have done this to you, t-to Travis. I love...love you. So much."

He squeezes his eyes shut and presses his lips to mine. "Please be strong. For me. Help is on the way. Just stay with me until they come. Okay?" he asks, looking down at me again. "Promise me you'll stay, you'll fight."

"I-I promise."

Then he holds me tight against his chest, like he never plans to let me go, and I think to myself that if I have one last wish, one last prayer to pray, that I'll beg God to let me stay.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX - SIG

Two months later

"So when will we get to see Sloane?" Travis asks for the fifth time at least.

"She's getting married, dude." The look on his face says he doesn't care. "Don't make me regret bringing you."

He sits back against the seat, holding his hands up in surrender, but he's trying not to smile. And I like seeing that. I wasn't sure the kid would ever smile again there for a while.

"So what am I supposed to do while you're up there?" he asks when I shift into park in the church lot and cut the engine.

"Keep quiet, which I know won't be a problem for your sulky ass. You'll be in the front row. Just sit there until my brothers find you."

"Which ones are they again?"

"Steven and Scout."

"Hemi and Reese and what's the other one's name?"

"Leif. Bu they're in-laws. Hemi is Sloane's fiance and his brothers are Reese and Leif."

"And Reese is married to..."

"Kennedy."

"She's pretty hot, too."

"Yeah, she's all right." There was a time when I thought she was really hot, but that was before Tommi. Tia. She forever changed beauty for me. She forever changed me. My chest gets tight when I think about her, just like it's done a million times in the last couple of months. Since that night she...

"Not as hot as Sloane," Travis mutters.

"Ewww. She's my sister, douche. And you'd better keep comments like that to yourself. Hemi'll whip that ass if you're not careful."

"Penis envy," Travis deadpans.

I laugh. I can't help it. The kid cracks me up.

It feels good to laugh. Like Travis, I wasn't sure I was going to be able to laugh again either.

When we get out, I reach out to straighten Travis's tie. Then I straighten my own and tug at the bottom of my tux jacket. "So, am I killin' it?" I ask.

"As much as big, goofy bastard like you can, I guess."

I lightly punch his arm. He takes it and leans far to one side and springs back, like one of those inflatable punching bags with sand in the bottom. He doesn't retaliate, but I see his lips twitch. That's good enough for me. One step at a time.

We make our way into the church. It's just starting to fill up. I drop Travis off at the front row and head to the area behind the pulpit, where the groom awaits. It's lighthearted in here. Hemi can't stop smiling. His brothers can't stop teasing him. It's like all is right with the world for them.

My sister's best friend, Sarah, asked her mother, Blaire, to take care of the baby during the ceremony. After a short knock, she appears at the pastor's door carrying Eden, my niece.

Blaire carries her to Hemi. "She was getting fussy and I think the bride has her hands full at the moment."

I watch Hemi take his daughter from Sarah's mom. My gut squeezes at the way his face lights up. He looks like a complete ass when he starts talking baby talk, but it's the good kind of ass. The kind that makes me ache somewhere in the vicinity of my heart. The kind of ass I'd gladly be.

"Daddy's making Momma an honest woman, today, isn't he, baby girl?" he coos.

"Took you long enough, you jackass," I tease.

Hemi flips one middle finger up at me behind his daughter's back. "Watch your filthy mouth around my kid, Locke."

"Sorry, man," I tell him sincerely. It makes me sympathize with my dad a little, remembering how hard it was for him to try and raise a lady in a house full of foul-mouthed boys. Most of them cops, no less.

Hemi kisses Eden's belly, which sticks out roundly from under her frilly pink dress, filling the room with her sweet laugh. Just as her giggling is really kicking up, the preacher comes in to tell us that it's time. Hemi gives Eden back to Blaire and turns back to us, a huge smile wreathing his face.

"It's time," he says. It's plain to see he's not the least bit nervous. In fact, he looks like he just won the lottery.

"You ready?" Reese asks.

Dumb ass. You can see that he is.

"Are you kidding? I'm finally getting to make the girl of my dreams mine forever. I've waited my whole life for this day."

"That's all fine and good, but just remember that if you make her cry, you'll be running for the rest of that life," I add. Not that I think Hemi would hurt my sister. I don't think I've ever seen two people more in love. But still, she's my sister. The only one I've got. I'll gladly hunt him down if he hurt her.

Hemi claps me on the shoulder, his expression sincere. "I'd rather cut off my own damn arm than to see her sad for even a day. I promise I'll do everything in my power to make sure she's the happiest woman in the world."

We nod at each other, both understanding how important Sloane is to the other, and we turn to line up at the door. As we stand waiting, there are smiles all around, slaps on the back, playful remarks about wedding nights and how Hemi got the bride knocked up too soon. It puts me at ease, reminds me of how rich and full life can be when you're surrounded by people you love. And when you find the right person to share it all with. I found that. Even though I wasn't looking for it, I found it. I found her.

I shake off my thoughts and focus as the door swings open. Quietly, we step out in order. Me, Leif, Reese and then Hemi. As soon as we are in place, the minister nods to the small string orchestra that sits off to one side of the front of the church. They play a pretty song. I'm not familiar with it, of course. I'm a dude. I have balls. It's not like I've been to many weddings. But whatever it is, it seems to suit a day like this.

I watch the back of the room, my eyes trained on the door. My heart is hammering in my chest like it's me who's getting married. I probably won't ever get used to the feeling. But then again, that's probably a good thing.

At the back of the church, the two ushers left pull open the doors and there, standing like a gorgeous, golden angel, is Tommi. Tia, I correct.

Tia is her name, but in my mind, I still often think of her as Tommi. That's the name I had for the girl I fell in love with, right up until I learned who she really is. The only thing that changed was her name. Now it's Tia. I just have to get used to it. But she's still my Tommi. The love of my life. And the main thing, the most important thing, is that I can call her mine. I don't give a damn about the rest.

Her hair is piled up on her head in that style that I love. Her skin looks like cream silk against the dark rose-colored dress she's wearing. And on her face, the beautiful smile that I never get tired of. I used to wonder when I'd see it, the genuine smile. She didn't use it much when we first met. But now, ever since she woke up in the hospital recovering from her accident with the razor, she's hardly taken it off. And that's fine by me.

I think back to how she explained her...happiness when she was finally discharged and I got to take her home.

We were lying in bed together, her head resting on my chest, one of her legs thrown over mine. She was drawing circles around my nipple. She had bet me that she could make me hard doing that. I had bet her that she couldn't. I lost. But she cheated.

Anyway, she was telling me about how she felt. "It's like part of me died that night."

My chest got tight then. Like it gets tight now. Just the thought of her not being here, of living my life without her...I can't even picture it. Hell, I don't even want to try.

"After you picked me up, when I really realized what I'd done, I promised God that if He'd help me through it, give me yet another second chance, I'd live every day like it's my last. That I wouldn't let the past tarnish one second of my future. Not one single second. Even then, though, I wondered how I could ever let it go so completely. But when I woke up in the hospital, saw you asleep with your head resting on your hand where it held mine, it was like everything that happened was just...gone. Almost like it never was. I think I bled out that night. Bled out all the bad, all the shame and bitterness. All the hurt and darkness. And the emptiness that should've been left behind wasn't emptiness at all. It was a fullness, a place that only had room for the good. You. Travis. Momma."

She brought those big eyes up to mine that night, tears sparkling in them. "I'd die all over again if it meant coming alive to you. To us. To this. I never thought I'd be this happy. It makes all that we went through, all that we sacrificed worth it."

"I'm glad, baby, but don't even talk about dying. I don't think you know how hard it was for me to see you that way, for me to wait by the bed for those hours, praying that you'd wake up."

"I can only imagine. I'm so sorry, Sig," she told me, burying her face against my chest.

"Don't apologize. I know you didn't do it on purpose. And when the doctor explained that you were suffering from severe depression and post-traumatic stress after everything that happened, I realized that you weren't trying to leave me. You were only trying to make the pain go away. I'm just glad that it went, but left you with me."

I leaned down to kiss her forehead and heard her soft reply. "I am, too. I never want to be apart from you. Ever. Not for even a day."

"Well, I have to work, you know."

"Then I'll come with you. What do you think they'd say about a criminal working at the police station?"

She said it jokingly, but I didn't think it was funny. I didn't want her to feel that way, like a criminal. Like she's somehow less.

"You aren't a criminal. A court of law determined that what you did was an act of self-defense. You feared for your own life and that of your family. Period. Anyone else would've done the same thing." I reached down to turn her face up to mine. "Don't you understand that I'd kill for you? I'll kill a hundred men. A thousand, if I had to. I'd kill for you, die for you. I'd do anything for you."

"Well, let's hope it never comes to that," she said lightly, which I knew would lead to a change in subject. She never likes talking about that stuff too long. And I never try to make her.

She ran her tongue over my nipple then, biting it a little when it got hard. I felt her hand glide down my stomach, her fingers wrapping around my already-stiff cock. "You're cheating," I said on a sigh.

"What are you gonna do, Officer? Cuff me?"

That was the last thing she said for at least an hour. Well, unless you count moans and the screaming of my name.

It was a damn good hour.

Now we're here at my sister's wedding. Sloane insisted that Tommi be a part of it. They got close fast. Which is good since they're the two most important women in my life. I'm not really surprised, though. I knew that Sloane would love Tommi once they met. Once she gave her a chance.

Now, two months later, here we are, healthy and happy and whole, surrounded by the most important people in our lives, and I'm watching her walk toward me, wishing it was us joining our lives together today.

Her sparkling green eyes meet mine and hold them over the spray of lilies she's carrying. She winks. I almost laugh out loud. She says it drives her crazy when I do it to her. Thought she'd show me. Give me a taste of my own medicine. My heart fills up to the point of bursting and I think to myself that as long as I have her, I'll be all right. Better than all right.

We fought for each other, bled for each other, even died a little bit for each other. We never gave up. Even when it hurt. And it was worth it.

I always knew it would be.

EPILOGUE- TOMMI

Four months later

I reach up to touch the blindfold around my eyes. "Where are we going?"

"You'll see," Sig says. I can hear the grin in his voice.

I rest my temple against the headrest, facing Sig even though I can't see him. I don't have to be able to see him to recall every detail of his strong profile. though. Everything about him, even when I can't see him, oozes strength and power. Protectiveness and possessiveness. After Lance, I never thought I'd like that in a man, but Sig isn't just any man. He's my man. And all that is for me. Because he loves me. That makes all the difference in the world.

The verdict was handed down on Lance Tonin today. Guilty on all counts. He was convicted on drug charges that Chaps and Trip's brother, Davey made stick (all with the help of Travis's testimony). He was convicted of several of a mixed bag of other felonies like collusion, conspiracy to commit murder, obstruction of justice and a whole slew of other goodies they discovered that Lance was involved in. For all of that, he'll be going to prison for the rest of his life. At least. Sentencing is next week, but my body didn't wait for that to fully relax. From the moment that Sig swept me off my shaky legs in the courthouse parking lot, I've felt free. Finally. Fully. Free.

The truck slows and Sig cuts the engine. "I'm coming around," he announces and then I hear the door open and close. I wait, a happy little smile playing with the edges of my lips, until I hear him open my door. "Come on, beautiful. I've got something to show you."

He scoops me up, cradled against his chest, and carries me until I feel him dip down, one hand messing with something. I hear a key slide into a lock and a knob jiggle as it turns. A thrill of anticipation ripples down my spine. I can only hope that wherever he's taking me is private. Very private.

The smell of polyurethane assails me. Sig's footfalls echo as he walks, making a light tapping sound. I can almost picture the hardwoods beneath us. The acoustics change from hollow and empty to cozy and muted, as though we've entered a smaller or fuller room.

Sig sets me on my feet. The heels of my shoes sink into plush carpeting. "Where are we?"

"Home."

"Home?"

Moving around me, Sig stops at my back and gently unties my blindfold, dragging it away from my face. "Yes, home," he whispers at my ear from behind me.

It takes my eyes a few seconds to adjust, but when they do, my mouth drops open in awe. I'm standing in the center of a big, beautifully appointed master suite. The carpet is cream, the walls are sand and the enormous king-sized bed is covered in a thick apricot duvet. Pillows in shades of peach and rust and chocolate are piled high toward the head and a luxurious mink throw is draped over one corner. On the windows are dreamy sheers and on the mahogany chest and dresser that matches the bed are candles of every size and shape. The flickering tips bathe the room in a warm, romantic glow and play over a beautiful painting that hangs above the bed. It's of a woman, sitting on a delicate stool in front of a vanity, brushing her golden hair. Her face is visible in the oval of the mirror. The reflection is mine. My face.

I turn to Sig. "Sloane?"

His lips quirk. "Who else? You know I didn't paint it. Or decorate in here."

"It's beautiful," I breathe, awestruck. Turning, I reach up to wrap my arms around Sig's neck. "Where are we?" I ask again.

"I told you. We're home. If you want it to be, that is."

"Did you buy this place?"

"I did. It's the house they were building near my sister's neighborhood, the one where you said you could imagine kids playing in the yard."

I can perfectly recall the house he's speaking of, with its gabled roof and picket fence. "Y-you bought it? For us?"

"I bought it for you."

"But why? Why would you do that? Do you even like this place?"

"Honestly, I could care less. It's a house. It won't be a home until you're here. But now?" He looks around at the room, his eyes straying to the picture above the bed, the one of me. "Now, I can't think of anywhere else I'd rather be."

I gnaw on my lip as I think of what this could mean and of how I might screw it up. But then I feel a finger tug at my lip, freeing it from the prison of my teeth. "What?" I ask when I see Sig staring down at me.

"Stop worrying."

"I'm not worrying."

"You are worrying."

I sigh. There's just no hiding things from a cop. There's just not. "It's so beautiful here, but what about...what about..."

I hate to even ask about my brother. Somehow it feels like foisting unwanted responsibility on Sig. I mean, it's different when it's me taking care of Travis. In my house with my money. But this would be us taking care of him.

"It has a finished basement. All for Travis. A gaming-obsessed teenager's wet dream." At his words, a lump forms in my throat. I didn't even have to ask. He'd already thought of my brother. "And it's closer to your mom, too."

My mom. My brother. My dream house. Sig has thought of everything.

I blink back tears. "It's perfect, Sig. Just perfect."

"Well, almost."

Slowly, Sig sinks to one knee in front of me. He reaches inside his pocket and removes a tiny velvet box that makes my heart flutter in my throat.

"For weeks after Mom died, I'd wake up in the middle of the night feeling like I couldn't breathe. I'd sit up in bed and gasp until my lungs felt like they were working again. And then I'd cry myself back to sleep. I never went to Dad. I knew he was more lost than I was. I promised myself then that I wouldn't fall in love, that I wouldn't give anybody that kind of power over me. The night that I held you in my arms, blood all over both of us, I felt the same way. Like I couldn't breathe. I realized then that it's you who keeps me breathing. Since the day I met you, you've had the power to hurt me, to devastate me, to destroy my world if you leave it, but you've also kept me breathing."

"Sig, I-"

"Tia Lawrence," he interrupts, "will you marry me? Will you stay with me, in this house, in this life, until the day I die? Will you keep me breathing until there's no breath left in me? Because I can't think of a life worth living if it doesn't have you in it."

"Sig, you-"

"I love you. More than a thousand dictionaries could define, I love you. Please say yes."

I laugh. "Are you gonna give me a chance to answer you?"

His grin is lopsided and adorable and everything that I love about him, all summed up in a smile. "I guess."

I drop to my knees in front of him, brushing aside the box so that I can press my chest to his. We are eye to eye, nose to nose, heart to heart. "Yes. That is my answer to everything you could ever ask me. Yes. Yes, I will marry you. Yes, I will keep you breathing. Yes, I will live here with you. You are my dream. My only dream. Your love, your kiss, your touch-you are everything I will ever need and more than I could've hoped for. I will follow you wherever you go. Until both of us stop breathing."

He watches me quietly, intently. "I have one more question." His voice is low and hoarse. Raw.

"What's that?"

"Slow or rough?"

I see the wicked glimmer light the warm brown of his eyes, turning them golden in the flicker of the candles. "Slow," I answer, pressing my mouth to his. "And then rough."

His tongue slips out to trace my bottom lip as he unbuttons my blouse. "One more question," he says, pushing the material from my shoulders and setting to work on the clasp of my skirt.

"Anything," I say, arching my neck when his lips start to skim along my jaw. Sig nudges my skirt and panties down to the bend of my legs, leaving me in only my bra, kneeling in front of him. His hand slides up the outside of my leg, curving toward my groin at the last minute. When his finger finds my core, I let out the breath I'd been holding. "Wh-what was your question?" I prompt, knowing I won't be thinking clearly for too much longer.

"Can I put a baby in you?"

His finger moves within me and I'm filled with a gush of desire that's perfectly blended with unimaginable glee. A breathless laugh escapes my lips.

"Well?" he asks, licking at my nipple through the thin lace of my bra.

"I thought I told you my answer to anything you asked me was 'yes'."

I feel his lips curve against my breast and my heart soars. "That's what I was hoping you'd say."

THE END

